Rushed, Rocky Start Sith, General Hux thought bitterly as his polished boots carried him across the deck to the landing pad, have no place in military affairs. The order from Supreme Leader Snoke had his mouth threatening to drop when he received it. His apprentice, being assigned to the Finaliser . An unknown, possibly untrained Sith on his orderly ship. Protests had boiled up in his chest, threatened to spill from his lips, but the general knew his place. He swallowed the bitter resentment- along with the salt-sweet tang of blood from biting his tongue- and bowed his head to Snoke. He hadn't gotten to where he was by defying the Supreme Leader. Instead, he curled his fingers into his palms, the black leather of his gloves stopping the comforting sensation of nails biting into skin, but the gesture helped in any case. Sith , he scoffed again. Probably old, deformed and twisted. Likely wearing a mask to hide his grotesque features. He knew the apprentice was a Knight of Ren, but to him, a man who didn't deal with invisible forces, but tactics, stratagem and what he could see with his eyes, they were one and the same to the general. And Sith or not, he'd heard about what the Dark Side of the Force did to those who used it. Through second hand or through the overblown stories passed down from Force-fearing men, he had heard that they were monstrous. Vader, the Emperor, even legends of Revan and Plagueis, painted them all as figures twisting out of nightmares, of men and women who played too closely with power that corrupted more than it empowered. Hux prided himself on being a man who achieved his goals through his own manpower, through cunning, guile and tactics, rather than falling to unseen forces that twisted him inside and out. He was a soldier, learning from greater warriors that came before him, admiring their tactics and examples, using their proven successes as a foundation for his own success. General Hux was a man of his own volition, not some shadow-lurking creature like the one being foisted upon him. He stopped at the edge of the landing pad, grey-green eyes tracking the ostentatious shuttle as it came in, his gloved hands automatically folding behind him as he assumed parade rest. Mentally, he prepared himself for the scrutiny, the soul piercing scouring that would likely occur once the Sith-the Knight, he correct himself- disembarked. He was only halfway unprepared as a tall, lithe figure swept from the shuttle. Hooded, cloaked and masked- as expected. The Knight's build, height, the manner in which they carried themselves, were not. This was not an old man, but a younger Knight. Hux kept his composure, and nodded at the Knight, moving from parade rest to fold his hands in front of him. He watched as theKnight approached, boots making a distinct sound against the deck. The alignment of their shoulders, their stride, their centre of gravity all spoke measures of them being a warrior- Hux had seen enough melee fighters that preferred electrostaves to recognise the stance when he saw it. This made him a bit hopeful- perhaps if this Sith leaned more towards his lightsaber instead of the Force, he might be easier to work with. “I am General Hux,” he said evenly. “Welcome to the Finaliser .....” he trailed off, realising he didn't know the Knight's name. Despite the mask, Hux could feel the Knight staring him down, and he felt a chill run down his spine, despite himself as a few long moments stretched between them. “Kylo Ren,” the Knight finally said in a modulated voice, one that sounded distinctly masculine, distorted by the metal mask. “Ren will suffice, General.” He strode past the general brusquely, headed for the lifts. “Show me to my quarters,” he commanded. The coppery taste of blood filled Hux's mouth again as he chewed the inside of his cheek. Turning smartly on his heel, he followed- then passed Kylo Ren- as he quickened his pace with his own long legs. “This way,” he said curtly, keeping his pace brisk. He swore he could practically feel the hate roiling off Ren, hearing his footsteps quicken behind him. He didn't like this. An apprentice, boiling with contempt, possibly uncontrollable, set loose on his ship with the Supreme Leader not directly able to control him. Hux prided himself in a well oiled and tightly maintained machine that was his army, his ship, his Order. This Knight was an aberration, an unknown that could spark chaos in the order that Hux had worked so hard to achieve. He hoped that the Knight would not be on his ship for long. Kylo Ren had taken his assignment much harder than his military partner. He'd argued, railed against the reassignment. His training was not done, he'd protested. He would do no good for the Order tied to a Star Destroyer. Snoke had shut off his arguments. He needed to work with others, to learn restraint. Being saddled with a general, Ren snarled to himself as the shuttle approached. Officers. Old men who are soft in the head and the middle, with over inflated senses of self importance. Arrogant because they won battles while sitting behind desks, or standing behind consoles without getting their hands dirty, with medals pinned to their tunics they earned by passive observation. The irritation didn't abate as he got up and exited the shuttle, still loathing his relocation and the general he hadn't even met yet. “I am General Hux,” came the greeting. “Welcome to the Finaliser .....” Ren was quiet. The general was young. Younger than expected. He couldn't have been older than thirty. Tall, lean and fair, with a well groomed shock of red hair and grey-green eyes that were as sharp as that of an avril's. This was not at all the man he was expecting to meet. An odd heat was crawling upwards along his neck and into his cheeks, and his armour suddenly felt too tight in the chest. It took him a moment to realise that the general had trailed off, hoping for an introduction. “Kylo Ren,” he finally replied, keeping his tone modulated as best he could. “Ren will suffice, General.” He was supposed to be old and soft , he hissed to himself. An old man easy to intimidate with threats of the Force choking the life from him. He's young, and his eyes are fearless. Frustrated, he swept past the general, heading to the lifts. He wanted to be alone, regroup, recollect himself. “Show me to my quarters,” he ordered. He could hear Hux turn on his heel, the smart swish of pressed cloth as his stride was quickened to catch up to him- and then pass him. “This way,” came the cold reply, and Hux kept his pace quick. Ren snarled under his mask, but he felt the flush creeping up his neck again as he watched the loping stride of the general as he moved to flank him. Hux moved with the grace of a seasoned predator, his gait smooth and purposeful, but relatively quiet. Young, he might have been, but he was experienced, he was smart- and attractive . Ren broke his thoughts off before he could even finish them. Where had that come from? He set his teeth together, his jaw clenching. There was nothing wrong with appreciating another's aesthetic appearance. He was not going to swoon over a man that was nothing but a hindrance. What was Snoke's plan, pairing the two of them together? Surely there was a facet of training in this, aside from learning more restraint. Ren only hoped he wouldn't be on the Finaliser for long. Chapter 2 : Temper, Temper It had been three weeks since Ren had boarded the Finaliser . Hux had yet to see the man take off his mask. Ren took his meals in his quarters, always wore the same armour, cloak and mask, he had his own private refresher- Hux was starting to wonder if he slept in the damned thing. Kylo Ren wasn't old, Hux had discerned that much. He moved through the ship like a ghost, quiet, quick and effortlessly, with the frustrating and unnerving tendency of appearing out of nowhere. He trained vigourously in the exercise rooms, but no one was allowed to enter while he did his routine. His stormtroopers reported hearing the sounds of lightsaber combat from within while on their patrols, so Hux had the feeling his assumption of Ren being more of a warrior than a manipulator was correct. Oh, he had no doubts that the Knight would use the Force if needed, but he sensed the man was more dependent on his physical weapon in combat. He was hoping that it would make it easier to work with Ren. He was wrong. The first 'fit' proved that to him. A patrol, sent out to find intel for Ren, came back empty handed. The patrol leader, barely keeping her composure, apologised to Ren, stating that somehow they'd been tipped off, and the Resistance had moved their impromptu base. From across the bridge, Hux saw Ren tense, saw his muscles nearly shake with rage. Gloved hands tightened into fists, and the command deck went silent. Hux started to cross the deck quickly to intervene- executing his troops for missed opportunity was the quickest way to lose their loyalty, and he wouldn't have it on his ship. The Knight turned, however, and for the first time, Hux saw his lightsaber ignite. The blade was red, crackling, and unstable, with crossguard blades igniting from the sides of the hilt. It hissed and snapped, instead of humming as Hux had heard lightsabers were supposed to. For a split second, he faltered between self preservation and keeping control of the situation, loathing the cold indecision that gripped him. Ren didn't attack the trooper, however. A sound of rage escaped him, and with that horrible cry, he lunged at a console. The blade crashed into the machinery, sparks flying and metal hissing as it melted. Hux stopped dead in his tracks, disbelief written on his face as Ren attacked the console over and over, strangled sounds issuing from his mask. The bridge crew was silent, everyone frozen in fear as they watched the Knight basically have it out on the ship. After a few moments more, Hux felt his own shock turn to rage. How dare that man attack his ship and cause such damage? What could have possibly possessed him to act like such a child ? “Ren,” he snapped, white hot rage flaring in his chest. “What are you doing ?” Ren stopped in mid swing, the saber crackling and hissing in tandem with the sparks flying from the now ruined console. The sounds seemed louder than they should in the heavy silence that filled the command deck. Ren turned slowly to face Hux, and for the first time, the general felt a shiver of fear touch his bones as the masked Knight stared him down. The saber shut down and even the console had ceased its sparking. The silence was deafening, and weighed on Hux's shoulders like a rancor bearing down on him. He stood his ground, however, meeting Ren's gaze, his posture commanding and rigid. One didn't face a wild beast with visible signs of weakness and fear, nor did they face it with open aggression. They simply stood their ground, and refused to give quarter. The tension grew between them, and the crew began to visibly become disturbed, wanting the silent stand off to end. Finally, Ren hooked his weapon back to his belt, and whirled around, storming off the bridge and disappearing around a corridor. Hux released the breath he didn't realise he had been holding, then turned to look at the troopers. A cursory glance told him they were alright, merely shaken. He nodded at them. “Take six hours of liberty after your debriefing,” he instructed, then cast a look around the bridge at the crew that was still looking shell-shocked. “Back to work,” he said sternly. “Lieutenant Tschel, get a tech up here to see if this console can be salvaged.” He turned on his heel and headed in the direction Ren had disappeared. Hux knew Ren was headed to his quarters, and that he shouldn't follow after him, but he would not have this man blindly destroy his ship. Ren's doors were already shut, the Knight locked inside. Hux pounded on the door, determined to have some sort of explanation or apology. Something. Anything. “Ren!” Hux barked, still beating on the door. “What the void was that you pulled out there? Answer me!” There was no response, and the door remained locked. Hux gritted his teeth, and pulled out an access card from his pocket. He'd told Snoke that his apprentice would have privacy and respect, but he was not going to allow the man to tear apart his ship and then hide in his room like a child. He slipped his card into the slot, and the access panel went green. Hux squared his shoulders, and pushed the door open, striding into the room. Ren whirled around from where he stood in the centre of the room, a look of fury on- Hux came to a stop, eyes blinking. His face. Kylo Ren was no twisted monstrosity, no deformed old man. There was no pale skin with black spiderweb-like veins, no loss of hair, no sunken eyes and wrinkled or shrunken features. He's.... he's young, Hux managed silently. Ren had a youthful face, with smooth skin and well sculpted features. His eyes were rich, brown and heavy lidded, his mouth full and plush, his jaw lean with a stubborn chin. His brow was knitted furiously above his long, but elegant nose. Hux stared, despite himself. This man was not a monster. He was of the same age as himself. I thought Sith, users of the Dark Side of the Force, were supposed to be hideous, Hux thought blankly, not even truly aware of what he was thinking. He... he's attractive. He came back to reality as Ren advanced on him, a snarl twisting his mouth. “Get out!” He hissed. “You have no right to be in here!” Hux blinked. His voice was softer, made less harsh by the absence of his mask, and he could swear that he heard traces of a Corellian accent in his speech. He didn't have time to dwell on it much longer, as he found his back being slammed against the bulkhead. “Invading the personal space of a Knight of Ren is foolhardy, general,” Ren growled, his teeth bared as he gripped Hux's shoulders.”What did you hope to accomplish? Did you wish to join the console?” Hux levelled his gaze at Ren, trying to ignore how close his face was, how his scent was curling in his nostrils. Ren smelled of ozone, leather, sweat and metal, with something vital and warm underneath. It was wildly distracting. “I want to know why you decided the ship was something you could just destroy like a toy you were tired of playing with,” he replied coolly. Ren stared him down, a muscle in his cheek twitching, and those heavy lidded eyes seemed to see right through Hux. They were both silent, brown eyes staring into grey-green, two men unused to relenting control or deferring to another, both unwilling to back down. How infuriating this man is! Ren raged to himself. Barging into my quarters, making demands of me as though I were one of his underlings! It had already occurred to Hux how close Ren was, but only now was Ren himself realising their proximity. Hux was younger looking at this distance, and Ren noticed he had a dusting of freckles over the bridge of his nose, and his eyes were actually grey, ringed with green, and speckled with blue. He also became painfully aware of how clean and orderly the general was- even his scent spoke of how much control the man had over his life. He smelled of leather, soap, pressed linen, a clean warm musk, and there was the barest hint of shoe polish. “Are you going to continue staring at me, or are you going to tell me what the stars possessed you back there?” Hux asked calmly. Ren grabbed hold of the man's collar with one hand, and slammed the access panel to his door with the other. The door slid open, and Ren shoved Hux out unceremoniously. To his continued fury, Hux managed to catch himself and keep his composure. “Do not do it again, Ren. Shove me out if you want, deny me an explanation like a child, but do not take your rage out on my ship or my crew,” Hux warned, his tone dangerous. “I only listen to the Supreme Leader,” Ren snarled, slamming the door in his face. Hux growled under his breath. Ren had basically said You aren't the boss of me , before slamming the door like a spoiled brat. He straightened his tunic, smoothing the front, recollecting himself. “I thought you were a monstrosity behind that mask,” he muttered to himself as he went back to the bridge. “Now I am not sure what you are.” He tried very hard to ignore the sounds of lightsaber slashing and sparking behind Ren's closed door as he walked away, his boots clicking on the polished floor of the corridor. Supreme Leader, whatever you have planned by this assignment, I hope it resolves soon. Chapter 3 : Levelling the Field Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Hux trusted his soldiers, and was confident in them and their abilities. After all, their training was a result of his work, he had a hand in it, their conditioning, the propaganda. Inspired by his father's methods, tweaked by further inspiration by Grand Admiral Thrawn's treatment of his own, and then polished with his own insight, Hux believed that he had perfectly rounded out his soldiers to be a perfect machine of manpower for the First Order. That being said, he felt comfortable around his crew, but always apart from them. Phasma, he corresponded with, planned with. They had a respectable and professional relationship, but didn't spend much time together outside of work. Hux was the general- he was the leader of his army, but not one of them, as much as he respected them. He was solitary and reclusive in his spare time. While it may have made others lonely, Hux enjoyed the quiet. He was a man for the Order, his desires parallel with the goals of the Order and Supreme Leader, but all the same, he relished the quiet moments of silence in his quarters after a day of being immersed in the machine of war. But as of late, he was no longer alone. Ever since Ren had come aboard the Finaliser, Hux had felt eyes on him, even when the Knight was nowhere to be seen, and at odd, and unnervingly vulnerable moments. He first felt the gaze on him a few days after Ren had boarded, early in the morning. It was the sensation of being watched that stirred the general from his sleep before his alarm was to go off. He lay in bed, stiff with nerves, as he felt a prying stare on his supine form. Despite having the blankets over his shoulders as he rested on his side, Hux felt stripped and exposed. After a few moments, he sat up, the blankets falling from his torso as he barked aloud to the darkness of his room. “Enough!” The feeling lasted a few moments more, and Hux moved fingers to the buttons of his pyjama shirt, feeling the buttons of the front. All but the top were fastened, and his exposed clavicle under that gaze had him breaking out in a cold sweat. Then the presence was gone. Hux skipped his shower that morning. Phasma made no comment about the fact that for the first time since working with him, the general didn't smell of fresh aftershave and shampoo, but of the lingering scent of sleep. It struck her as odd, as the general was the definition of a creature of habit and cleanliness and order that bordered on obsessive, but she knew better than to say anything. Hux felt it again as he trained that afternoon, unseen eyes following the motions of the beads of sweat that rolled down bare arms, or over cheekbones from a glistening forehead. He could practically feel a caress rove down his back as he silently did push-ups on the mat, or as he lifted weights. He took nearly two hours to bring himself to take a shower- which, thankfully, was blissfully free of unseen supervision. He even permitted himself to prolong it to twenty minutes, scrubbing extra hard to be rid of what felt like so much filth. He felt worlds better as he slid into his casuals for the evening- even then, his clothing well ironed, pressed and properly tucked in and smoothed down. Once again, he was no longer alone as he ate dinner in his quarters, browsing reports. Even when taking what some considered 'liberty,' the general was always at work. He looked up from his datapad and scowled into the empty air in front of him. “That is quite enough,” he snarled into the quiet of his chambers. For a few long moments, the only reply was the hum of the ship that normally was such a soothing ambiance for Hux. Now, it was deafening, and it rung in his ears. “Enough,” he repeated. “A whole day now. I know it's you, Ren.” Silence, but the gaze still lingered. Hux's scowl deepened, and he set his fork down, his plate of bruallki and tritacale forgotten. He pushed his chair back, grey-green eyes searching the room. No, this was not the work of bugs or cameras. This was something else. “What's your game, Ren? Are you looking for weaknesses in my routine? Or do you simply enjoy being a voyeur?” He called aloud. This time, instead of ringing silence, there was tingling in his temples, and pressure as though someone were taking his head in their hands and gently clutching with wiry fingers. Then there was a sharp stab of pain. Hux hissed as the sensation originated in his temple and radiated over his frontal lobe, pressing the heels of his palms against his forehead. Never easy the first time. Not something that is easily prevented, even with a proper warning , a voice said directly in his mind. Hux froze, still bent forward with palms pressed to his forehead, his eyes wide. He thought he recognised the voice, but it was different, it was- How my voice truly sounds, yes. It was Ren, without the metal reverberations provided by his mask. The voice was … how did Hux describe it other than soft, but precise? The first thing that came to his mind was dark suede. It was almost soothing, compared to the pain that invading his mind had caused. “Why?” He asked aloud. “What do you want? What is the point of this invasive surveillance?” I am to work beside you. We are equals, you and I. Or so I am told, led to believe. I simply want to know if the man parading in the impeccable uniform is not just a facade covering a cowardly interior. Hux bristled, teeth clenching. “You know nothing of my upbringing, my training, the stock I come from!” He spat. “You know nothing of what makes me as a man, as a general, the oaths I took, the motivation and inspiration I have!” His impassioned spat fell on indifferent ears, and for a moment, the pressure behind his eyes increased. Perhaps I don't, Ren agreed off-handedly. But I have seen- and now know- enough, General Hux. As quickly as Ren's presence had come, it was gone, and Hux stumbled to his bed, sweat covering his pale brow, his pupils contracted with the effort of staying upright on suddenly weak knees. He fell to the bed, his dinner and his work completely forgotten. He felt like he needed another shower. Ren continued making his presence known, but with less frequency after Hux had stood his ground that night- and he hadn't spoken to him since. He made Hux think of a curious predator that toyed with its prey, but withdrew to more careful watching when the prey proved to be too much to handle directly. He sighed as he did more work over dinner- this time in the officer's lounge, Phasma sitting on the other side of the table. The captain blinked at him, looking up from her dish of Firaxan fillet. “Problem, sir?” she asked, her voice ever cool and level, even when at ease. Hux grunted, pushing the datapad at her, turning it with a finger so she could read it. “Damages,” he said simply. “From that …. from Ren's tantrums.” He cut into his own fillet as Phasma went over the report. Her face, normally composed, immovable and unreadable- and not due to the fact that she normally wore her helmet- had mixed emotions. Steely eyes finally looked across the table at him, and Hux simply lifted both brows, wiping his mouth with a napkin delicately. “Sir, is that an estimate of projected damage if this continues or-” “Current. Current damages and estimated repair cost as well as the losses of having said equipment out of service and having to reallocate manpower as well as the functions of said equipment,” Hux said evenly, taking a sip of his murrih tisane, sighing again as he enjoyed the violet coloured tea, letting the heat running down his throat calm him. Phasma was quiet, the only indication of a reaction being the tension in her well cut jaw. “The Supreme Leader has his reasons,” she finally said, pushing the datapad back at him and tilting back her own glass- simple ice water for the captain. Hux grunted again in what sounded like agreement- he could do no more, as Ren was sweeping his way towards them. The Knight, Hux noticed immediately, did not have a meal with him. He was empty handed, and moving with purpose. He groaned inwardly, glancing down at his meal. If Ren was going to ruin yet another decent dinner... “General,” Ren said, his voice metallic and modulated. The gaze behind it moved to Phasma. “Captain.” Hux heard the difference in tone his voice held as he greeted Phasma. He respected her, but did not see her as an equal, only a slightly more important tool. Phasma inclined her head. “Kylo Ren,” she greeted before turning her attention back to her meal, ignoring the two men as she cut open the daro root on her plate. Ren barely paid her notice, his focus entirely on the general again. “Something I can do for you, Ren?” Hux asked lightly, turning his fork on its side to cut off another piece of Firaxan. He had no intention of stopping his meal, not even for Ren. Especially since Ren's invasion of his mind and privacy had spoiled one already. “The training rooms. I require one for my own personal use,” came the Knight's reply. “And mine alone.” Hux took his time to answer, sliding a piece of shark slowly, deliberately into his mouth, chewing indulgently. He wondered how long Ren would allow him to hold off on his reply as he swallowed, lifting his cup again and taking a long sip of tea. Not long, as it turned out. “I asked a question,” Ren snarled. “A training room. I require one.” Hux wiped at his mouth with the napkin far more delicately and deliberately than was necessary, finally looking up to meet the masked gaze. “There are plenty,” he said at last. “Pick one. Use it.” He turned to cut into his own daro, when he saw Ren's fist clench. Sensing that there was a chance that the Knight was going to swipe his meal away to reclaim his attention, Hux set his jaw and looked back up at Ren. “Is that an issue, Kylo Ren?” He asked levelly, his tone careful. The masked face pushed close to his- close enough to where Hux stiffened, lest he risk the chance of his nose touching the cold metal. A growl sounded softly behind the black and silver visage. “I require one. For my own use. I will not share such spaces with your troops,” he said curtly. “See to it, general.” With that, he strode off, cloak billowing behind him. Phasma glanced at Hux, whose face had gone cold and blank as he resumed his meal. “Sir?” Hux returned her curious gaze. “Oh, he shall have his training room,” Hux said quietly. “I will oversee it myself, and he will learn that I am not his pawn.” A plan, one for retribution, was already forming in his mind, and the general went back to enjoying his meal with gusto he hadn't shown earlier. Hux stood in his office, a small study attached to his quarters. Monitors and consoles with steady readouts of varying activities cast a soft blue glow throughout the room and over the sturdy desk. Various holo feeds of vital areas- such as the command deck- showed the comings and goings of the later shift. Hux wasn't paying them any mind, however. He was focused on his new holo projector, which he had recently installed. Nestled into his desk, and easily hidden under a panel, he was pleased with its placement, and eager to to utilise it for the first time. A gloved finger reached out and flicked the feed on. A few more button presses had the feed flipping through the cameras programmed into it, and finally, Hux had what he wanted. A projection came into view, the blue figure of Kylo Ren striding into the refresher of his newly refurbished training room. A smile twitched over Hux's mouth as unknowingly, the Knight set his weapon down, and began to peel off his clothing. At first, Hux was simply watching for the satisfaction of violating Ren's privacy, of seeing him without his cloak, his mask, his armour. To see him vulnerable as Ren had seen him. He straightened smugly, arms folded over his chest under his coat as Ren, layer by layer, was nearly disrobed. The longer this went, however, Hux felt his mood shift. As the removal of a shirt revealed well toned muscles, a firm set of abs, a finely sculpted chest, spattered with scars of varying types, sizes and colours, Hux was finding his mouth had gone dry. Ren looked to the side as he tossed his shirt over his shoulder, and the muscles of his neck, the curve of his clavicle.... Hux found his hand covering his mouth, eyes trailing down the planes of Ren's body. Yes, the man was a warrior, he certainly was built like one. Scarred like one. Yet, he was lean. He was all offence, speed and agility, if his lithe figure said anything. Yes. All offence, and strong, Hux mused, eyes roving almost hungrily along Ren's stomach. Hux's eyes glittered as he caught the trail of dark hair raking downwards from his navel and disappearing beneath black trousers- and between two narrow hips that jutted above the black pants' waistline. Stars, he's gorgeous , Hux thought wildly to himself. If I didn't hate him so much for his self centred arrogance and lack of control.... Ren looked up, his brow kitting above his long elegant nose, almost as if sensing Hux's gaze on him. There was a silence, one that had been previously broken by the rustling of clothing as it was removed. Now, it was thick with suspicion. Ren knew, or was close to realising he was being watched. Hux didn't give the man a chance to catch him. A finger hit the switch, and the feed died. Another nudge, and the panel covered the holo projector. Hux left his office, shedding his coat and working on undoing the buttons of his tunic, mildly disturbed at how the image of Ren's torso wouldn't leave his mind- especially his clavicle and throat. His own stomach was tight, his cheeks flushed. Kriff , he thought, the expletive harsh, even in his thoughts as he slipped out of his uniform and into his pyjamas. That was not how he'd planned on that course of action going. He sprawled on his bed, too worked up to take his nightly shower, and now, too paranoid that Ren had caught him to take one. The heat in his stomach and groin showed no sign of receding- and neither did the distracting mental images of Ren in just a pair of black trousers. Hux slid under his blankets, trying to focus on going to sleep. He ran his mind over tomorrow's schedule, of retrofitting that was needed for a console on the bridge, requisitions that needed approval, training holos that needed to be approved. Uniform inspection. The reassurance of routine, of duty, did nothing to push away what he'd seen under Ren's clothing. Almost wish I'd watched longer , Hux found himself thinking before he shook his head. No, no no, that is the last thing you need to be thinking about! It had been an exercise in levelling the field between himself and the Knight, nothing more. He needed to forget it, and move on. Still.... Giving up all pretence of focusing on tomorrow's schedule, Hux slid a hand under the waist of his pants, and into his underclothes. Fingers found his cock, circling around it, and giving a few strokes. A slight shudder ran through his body, and he stopped, moving to slide his middle and ring fingers into his cunt. His thumb and forefinger resumed stroking and rubbing his cock, his pinky running along his perineum. He couldn't get the image of Ren's clavicle out of his mind, nor could he be rid of the thought of sinking his teeth into it, of the bruise that might bloom on the pale skin. Realising he was lost to the fantasy, he gave into it, hand working under his pants as he writhed under the blankets. His free hand balled into a fist, nails scraping his palm as he bit the knuckle and first joint of his forefinger to stifle the low moans issuing from his throat. Could you just imagine riding those hips? He thought to himself, imagining his thighs straddling the defined pelvis, taking Ren's length into himself, running hands over bruises blooming over the Knight's chest and shoulders.... his hands bound behind him. Another moan slipped from behind the general's fist, and he bit down harder, the pain from his hand only encouraging his arousal. He curled his middle and ring fingers, slipping digits over the various textures and wet heat of his dripping cunt, and his cock throbbed against thumb and forefinger. What if he sees this? Was the sudden worry. Hux found he was torn between being horrified at the thought, and utterly aroused by it. As he thought of Ren probing his mind only to discover the general pleasuring himself to images of the Knight's submission, another moan escaped him. Fingers curled again, and this time, he struck the patch of nerves he'd been seeking. A deep, full body shudder rocked through Hux's lean frame, and as he increased the friction on his cock, the speed and pressure on that one spot deep inside his cunt, Hux arched his back, toes curling and head tossing back into the pillows. His teeth broke skin as he came, a string of curses in Chandrilan erupting from his throat. Fuck me , he moaned to himself as he panted, teeth letting go of his bloody and rapidly bruising hand. That was not supposed to happen. With a grunt, and great effort, Hux heaved himself out of bed. If Ren had “seen” all of that, seeing him take a shower was minor in comparison. This time, Hux allowed himself to take almost a full hour in the shower. In his quarters, Ren had started to probe at Hux, but the mental image that had flooded his mind- him, lying on Hux's bed, wrists bound, chest peppered with bruises and suck marks, being ridden by the general- had left him breathless, pulling away as though he'd been burned. Subdued? Him? By that stuffed greatcoat? “Ridiculous,” Ren said aloud to no one in particular. “Absurd.” Wasn't it? Notes: Art for this chapter done by the amazing GenerallyHuxurious and RexMagnus! Chapter 4 : Smoke and Mirrors Hux was sitting at his desk, as Ren expected. The general was idly flipping through some datapad, likely browsing unnecessary reports, if his bored expression said anything. Grey-green eyes flicked up in his direction, and red brows knitted close together in a frown. “Ren,” he said evenly. “Something I can do for you?” Ren could sense the tension beneath the façade. He could FEEL it. He narrowed his eyes, striding over to the desk and slamming his hands on the smooth surface. “You want me.” The reaction was just as he expected. Hux spluttered, the datapad falling from his gloved hands to the desk with a clatter. His cheeks grew flushed, eyes going wide as he struggled for words. “You're ridiculous, Ren,” he managed, but Ren could practically hear the man's heart pounding against his ribs, calling him a liar. “Am I? I wasn't the one writing in bed with fingers between his legs, thinking of my half naked body,” Ren growled. “You wished you'd seen me completely disrobe.” Hux fell silent, his blood red cheeks speaking more than words could, and Ren smirked. “What if I granted that wish?” Hux gaped at him, mouth working wordlessly as Ren slid the belt from his waist and let it drop to the floor. Fingers moved over the waistband of his pants under his robes, and he let them fall, stepping out of them. He moved behind Hux's desk, pushing the front of his robes away to show off his pale toned thighs, lean hips, and his stiff cock- the sheer thrill of how brazen, how forward he was being had him aroused in a way he'd never been before. Hux continued gaping, unable to speak. “The master of speeches is rendered silent, I see,” Ren growled. “You were fantasizing about this... do you want it?” “You're ridiculous and lewd and utterly brazen,” Hux managed at last, looking everywhere but at Ren's cock, the head of which had already started to bead with precome. “I am hardly in control of what I dream, take your.... your mess somewhere else. I will not stand for this harassment.” “Dreaming? With your hand clenched between your teeth and the other stoking your fires until they explode?” Ren purred, leaning down and biting at Hux's ear. Hux shuddered. “I know you want me. I feel your desire. You want me to take you in this office right now. You want to put your lips on my cock and suck it dry. I see this in you, Hux... in more ways than one.” He grinned at the awful innuendo he made, and moved his mouth along Hux's jaw, delighted as he felt the other man lean into the touch. He reached out and tangled fingers into the redhead's hair, pulling firmly to tilt his head up. “You want me. Say it.” Something visibly broke in the other man's face, and a shuddering sigh escaped him. “I want you, Kylo Ren.” Ren moved to sit on Hux's desk, spreading his legs. “Then you shall have me- if you worship me.” Hux stared at him for a few moments before glancing down at his cock. He licked his lips, hesitating only a few minutes more before he leaned forward and took Ren's cock in his hands, and engulfed the head in his mouth. Ren leaned back on his elbows, toes curling inside his boots as he let out a pleased sound. Hux was better at that than he expected, lips surrounding his shaft, tongue flicking over his head and dipping into the slit, lapping at the precome. Long fingers cupped his balls, massaging and fondling, the fingers of his other hand gripping the base of his shaft, giving delicious pressure. “Yes. Suck my cock, general. Good boy,” Ren moaned, shifting his weight to one arm so the other could reach forward and tangle fingers into Hux's hair again. The general let out a humming sigh through his nose, and Ren watched as he slid his mouth over the shaft and back up again, strings of spittle trailing between his mouth and Ren's cock. Ren hissed and tightened his fingers in Hux's hair in warning. Hux resumed his work, running his tongue over the swollen head, along the underside of the shaft, before engulfing it in his mouth again. “Yes..,” Ren groaned, writhing his hips against Hux's furiously working hands and mouth. “I've been wanting to make you put that smart mouth to work for once... Suck my cock, ...” And Ren realised he didn't know Hux's first name. Ren bolted upright to the sound of his alarm. His face was flushed, a sheen of sweat glistening on his face and shoulders, his hair mussed, damp and tangled. His sheets were twisted around him, and the tension in his loins was damning evidence that despite how much he wanted to deny it, he'd been having a lewd dream about Hux. He ran fingers through his dishevelled hair, scowling before dragging his palm down his face. Why had he been dreaming about that slimy, simpering sycophant like that? He was above such basal needs, such ridiculous attractions and annoyances. Ren slipped out of his sheets and hauled himself out of bed. He had to get ready. He was going back for more training, and the last thing he needed on his mind was images of himself involved with the uptight general. He was thinking about you, though, he thought to himself as he peeled off his sweat soaked underclothes. With his fingers curling inside him and his teeth breaking skin. The sound of water hitting the floor broke the silence as Ren turned his shower on. He considered it a moment, eyeing the knobs. Hux's fantasy filled his mind again- him on his back, hands bound behind him as Hux straddled his hips, taking Ren's length into himself.... Ren turned the hot water off and made it as cold as he could stand it before pushing himself under the icy cold stream. Hux was never late for anything. Often early, but never late. He had no intention of ever doing so. So instead of being late for his shift on the bridge during his attempt at avoiding Ren, he was a full two hours early- mainly because he couldn't sleep that night, not with the dreams he'd had. The cold shower certainly hadn't helped, either. Hux watched the comings and goings of his crew, thanking a nervous Ensign- what was her name? Mynah Akarr, that was it- for handing him a mug of caff. Just the way he liked it, he noticed, black, with only a bare trace of sugar, and scalding hot. He noticed that Ren had not made his appearance. Phasma came, got her reports, nodded her greetings, and was gone on patrol, but Ren was nowhere to be seen. When lunch came creeping around, and Ren still was absent, Hux hailed the Ensign. The short, stout young woman approached him nervously, her dark eyes wide. Hux noted her crisp uniform and the severe bun her hair was pulled back into- though he recalled the day before he'd seen her in the mess with it in a ponytail. The ponytail suited her more, he thought to himself idly. “Yes, sir?” She asked, standing at attention. Hux waved dismissively. “At ease, Ensign. Tell me, has Kylo Ren destroyed something else and no one has deigned to inform me?” He asked. Ensign Akarr blinked. “No, sir. Lord Ren left the Finaliser this morning, if I remember correctly. Took his shuttle and headed out,” she replied. “I was doing inspections on the landing gear of one of the TIE fighters that had seen some damage last fight. He was alone and said nothing to anyone, sir.” Hux sighed to himself in relief. He was off ship. Likely doing some training or whatever it was Knights of Ren did. Perhaps hunting more Jedi to kill. Who knew. Still, the relief was palpable. “Thank you, Ensign. I will be in my office, should anyone need me. That will be all,” he said, turning on his heel and departing the bridge, leaving a wide eyed Ensign staring after him curiously. Hux took his lunch in his office, and for the first time in weeks, he truly relaxed. Ren didn't return the next day. Or the day after. Hux enjoyed it, revelled in it at first. Repairs were done, no more damage was incurred, and the crew was practically cheerful in their routine. Phasma noticed, and increased training, as the men's morale was up. Hux even invited Phasma to his quarters for dinner, and they had an enjoyable meal wherein they agreed that while Ren was powerful, his absence was appreciated. At least for the first few days. Things were going smoothly to the point that Hux didn't have anything making him think. Nothing challenged him, no one challenged him. Routine was just that- routine. Ren wasn't there, making the men second guess their moves, or making Hux or Phasma work harder to prove their methods were on par with whatever it was that a Knight of Ren had. There was no exchange of heated conversation, and Hux realised with a jolt, he possibly enjoyed their altercations. He shrugged it off, and instead, occupied his time by increasing his training with Phasma, who was all too happy to try to whip the slender general further into shape. “You'll be disappointed,” he said after a fortnight- a full two weeks without Ren, smooth schedules, smooth routine, and smooth off time- as he and Phasma left the training room. “I can do all the training I physically am able, and I simply do not build muscle as well as you obviously do.” Phasma snickered, wiping sweat from her brow as she took a long drink from her water bottle. “Is that why you wear that coat, Hux?” She teased. Hux scowled to cover up the mildly embarrassed grin. “You caught me,” he said in mock defeat. “I also wear shoulderpads.” Phasma lifted a brow, clearly unsure if he was serious, and he chuckled. “I jest. My physique simply doesn't build muscle well.” “As long as you don't go soft,” Phasma quipped before draining her bottle. Hux make a hurt face. “With you here? Perish the thought, dear Captain.” Phasma laughed- a low, throaty sound, warm and almost soothing. A rare occurrence, to be said, but all the more appreciated for it. Hux wiped at his face, mopping sweat from his forehead and neck as they fell into companionable silence, heading for the lifts. “Taking dinner in your quarters tonight?” Phasma asked, finally breaking the silence. Hux shrugged, flipping his towel over his shoulder. “Most likely. I haven't had as much work doing finances and damage control- or babysitting for that matter. I might have a nice evening in with a drink, some music and a cigarra... or three,” he answered. Phasma wrinkled her nose. “Enjoy your toxic fumes, then, General,” she teased. “I'll enjoy actual air while reading, I think.” The two parted ways with easy going good nights, and Hux slipped into his room. He felt good- good enough to indulge in a full half hour in the shower, enjoying the water as hot as he could stand it, taking the opportunity to take care of personal grooming he'd neglected along with his usual routine of bathing and shaving- deep conditioning his hair, going after his rough cuticles with a brush, and scrubbing at his elbows and knees to slough off dead skin. He emerged from the refresher feeling like himself for the first time in months, wrapped in a towel. Without bothering to dress, he lit a cigarette and began pulling various moisturisers from his nightstand. He plopped onto his bed, a bit unceremoniously, and set to his post shower routine. It hit him as he paused in the middle of rubbing lotion into his feet, elbows and knees, that perhaps he had too much free time with Ren gone. Rubbish , he thought tersely, tongue flicking his cigarette from one corner of his mouth to the other as he curled his toes in contentment, looking at his well groomed hands. I don't need Ren around. He is nothing but trouble, and this past fortnight has been wonderful. Almost like a vacation without the hassle of working on the flimsywork for leave. Hux leaned back on an elbow, fingers of his free hand wrapping around the cigarra as he took a long, luxurious drag. The Rashallo was not popular for rolling cigarras in the Order, but Hux had a great love for the oddly sharp, aromatic leaves and the even sharper, fragrant smoke they produced. It went well with his favourite brandy- an aged Chandrilan from his mother's homeworld- which he poured himself two fingers of, neat. Letting the brandy breathe in its glass, Hux stood and let the towel drop, moving to his closet and pulling out a pair of casual black slacks, a black tank and some underclothes. He dressed leisurely, but still tucked his shirt into his pants, and slipped a pair of socks and boots on- he might have been prepping for dinner and a quiet evening to himself, but he wouldn't be caught unprepared, should anything arise. Long fingers reached over a haptic interface, and with another drag of his cigarra, Hux ordered some dinner to be brought to him, then settled into his chair at his desk. Another flick of fingers, and some dusk music began playing- a melody low, slow and dark with a minor key. Hux smiled. I needed this , he thought, picking up his brandy and leaning back in his chair. The sweet burn of the brandy mingled with the sharp aromatic heat of the Rashallo, the soothing chill of the minor key of the music rubbed over his ears like a cool dark silk, and Hux closed his eyes blissfully. All he needed was a good shoulder massage and the evening would be perfect. Or a good fuck , came the unbidden thought, and the image of Ren under his hips flashed in his mind. His eyes flew open and he scowled, putting out the stub of his cigarra in his ashtray. Enough of that , he told himself. He's practically a child, unpredictable, unreadable, utterly uncontrollable. He took a swallow of brandy, feeling the heat run down his throat, the sweetness lingering on his tongue as he recollected himself, pushing the images out of his head. He lit another cigarra and enjoyed a lungful of fragrant smoke, blowing rings towards the ceiling as his conflicted thoughts ran through his head. Fortunately, a knock at his door distracted him. Hux got to his feet, setting down his glass as he headed for the door. Dinner would definitely be a delightful distraction. He frowned as his hand touched the panel- that was too quick, he realised. The door slid open, and Hux's face turned into a snarling scowl, his teeth baring and brow knitting furiously. Ren was outside his door. Ren had been thinking about his dream for two weeks, thinking about Hux's fantasy. His training had left him with a migraine that refused to dissipate, and his muscles ached, but the thought persisted. It had been hard, hiding his thoughts of the general from the Supreme Leader, but to his relief, and pride, he'd managed it. Learning to keep at least one corner of his mind hidden away from his master was nothing to laugh at, no matter how small the feat seemed. What he couldn't get out of his head, however, was that no matter how he looked at his dream, it was ridiculous. Yes, he fantasised about dominating Hux, making him worship him as he should be. Yet, it was... wrong. The fantasy that Hux had had, however.... Ren swallowed, staring at Hux's door. What was he doing? Hux likely wanted nothing to do with him and the fantasy was spurred by revenge and the desire to dominate him after the needling he'd done. It was retaliatory, nothing more, nothing of substance behind it. So why was his stomach tightening every time he thought about Hux binding his wrists behind his back and straddling him? Why was he overwhelmed with the desire to see Hux? Ren reached out with a gloved hand and knocked on the door. Hux opened the door, and it was apparent that he'd expected someone else, as his face went from quizzical to annoyed- almost to the point of rage. Ren swallowed, grateful for the cowl that covered his neck and shoulders to hide the movement of his throat. Hux was freshly groomed, hair still damp, but meticulously combed into its usual style, a slight flush on his cheeks. He wore a black tank and pants, his arms bare, and it struck Ren how slender Hux really was. He was lean, but not nearly as toned as Ren had imagined due to his uniform and greatcoat. His hips were wider than he'd expected, his stomach not nearly as hard as he had imagined under the tight shirt. The sharp, fragrant scent of the cigarra that dangled from the corner of his mouth clung to him, as well as the sweet bright smell of brandy, and the unmistakable accompaniment of shoe polish. Ren found himself speechless, if only for a moment. Seeing Hux out of uniform, relaxed- albeit highly irritated and unhappy to see him- was not something he'd expected to ever experience. He... he looks good. Ren squashed the thought as Hux made a most unhappy scoffing sound. “What do you want, Ren?” Ren sneered, putting his façade up again. “You were not in the hangar bay to greet me.” “You did not deign to tell me you were leaving, why should I care that you returned, when your absence was so delightful?” Hux shot back sourly. “You didn't miss me? I'm hurt,” Ren simpered mockingly. Hux sighed, folding his arms over his chest and leaning against the doorframe. With the flexing of his arms drawing his attention, Ren noticed Hux had a dusting of freckles over his shoulders and clavicle, and his stomach tightened inexplicably. “What do you want, Ren?” Hux gritted. “I want a report on what's been going on, what has transpired in my absence,” Ren replied, drawing himself up to his full height. Somewhere behind his left eye socket, pressure began building again, and pain lanced through the side of his face from eye to ear. Somehow, he kept from wincing. “Progress, routine, and no damages or lowered morale, that is what has transpired,” Hux said dryly. “Nothing else to report other than the ship runs better when you are otherwise occupied and not terrorising her crew and tech.” He moved to retreat back into his quarters. “Now, if you'll excuse me, I was going to enjoy my night, and you are quickly souring my mood.” “Don't you turn away from me after insulting me like that, General,” Ren hissed, and he grabbed Hux's wrist, furious at being dismissed so casually, as if he were a lowly soldier without rank. He never would have expected the man to retaliate. Jerk away, yes, puff up and posture, most definitely so. But physically retaliating, that was the last thing Ren expected from the man he thought to be nothing more than a posturing bureaucrat. He was the apprentice of the Supreme Leader, he thought no one would dare to lash out physically against him. So he was unable to stop Hux when he lashed out with a long leg and caught him in the knees with a boot. Already tired from two weeks of training and isolation, of two weeks of headaches and mental shielding of conflicted desires from his master, Ren had no time to react, only fall on his posterior in a tangled heap of limbs on the floor in front of Hux- who was seething. “I keep order on this ship, Kylo Ren. This was my ship before you showed up and started seeding disorder amongst my men with your temper tantrums, fuelled by your selfish, individualistic desires,” Hux growled, spitting out the word “individualistic” as though it tasted of filth. “And now, I finally have an evening where I am caught up in cleaning up your messes while juggling handling reallocations of soldiers, resources, redistributing manpower and handling intel from multiple sources. I finally have a night to myself to unwind, and you show up at my door, manhandling me because you cannot bear to be treated like a child, despite constantly acting like one, Kylo Ren!” His voice had started out calm, precise and modulated. As he continued, staring down at Ren, his voice rose, and there was a curious rolling to certain words- Reallocations, resources, redistributing- and his name- Ren. Ren had suspected Hux was not from Coruscant, but had never been able to place where the general might have been from- until now. The general worked hard on keeping an approximation of what was once an Imperial accent, but as his anger rose, Ren could hear the Chandrilan rising, slipping loose. Stars, why is this all so... appealing? Ren wondered, staring up in disbelief into Hux's face. The sudden mental image of Hux putting his boot on his chest and telling him what to do, his Chandrilan accent hissing through his demands flashed through his mind, and Ren found himself breathless. No. No. I am not- “Go to your room, Kylo Ren. Leave me alone,” Hux ordered. And with that, he slammed his door shut, and the sound of it locking followed suit. Ren sat there on the floor, mind whirling. This was not how he'd intended his evening to go. He'd wanted to argue, to berate, to corner Hux and eventually cajole an explanation out of him on why he'd been pleasuring himself to the images of dominating him. Now, he was sitting, stunned, on the floor outside Hux's room, with images of being dominated by Hux. After a few minutes, Ren finally climbed to his feet, and managing not to stagger, made the retreat to his room, confused and hating himself. He needed another cold shower. After his shower, he paced, not bothering to dress, save for a pair of briefs. Dinner had been delivered to his to his chambers- the nervous trooper leaving it by the door when Ren growled at them. Now, he picked at it. His migraine was coming back, and was killing his appetite as it did so. He ate what he could, then began to pace again. He envied people like Hux, like Phasma, who could simply take painkillers to rid themselves of pain. He couldn't keep his mental strength up when addled by narcotics, analgesics or serotonin based medications. He had to settle for meditation, caffeine, or other herbal supplements- or something that would put him to sleep straight-away. He lowered the temperature in his room, and turned off all the lights before spreading out over his sheets, long pale limbs sprawling out over the black cloth. A shudder escaped him- a mixture of repressed lust, pain, exhaustion and confusion- and rolling over to lay on his back, he pulled a pillow over his face, and willed himself to sleep. Hux barely touched his meal once it arrived. He still felt Ren's hand on his wrist, and he couldn't get the image of the Knight on the floor in front of him, and the lack of protest when he'd ordered him to go back to his room- and how good it felt. It's natural to want to dominate the man , Hux told himself, making himself slide a forkful of brualki into his mouth. He is constantly undermining your authority and challenging your position. Still, the images were continuing, and Hux could do little to stop them. The thought of putting his foot to Ren's chest, growling his name- “No. Not doing this,” he told himself, feeling a familiar flush of heat rise in his loins. “No.” He scarfed his meal down with less enthusiasm than before, especially now that it was cool. Reaching into a drawer, he pulled out a tube- melatonin. Popping one with the rest of his tea, he got to his feet. He'd already taken a shower, but he headed back into the refresher, shedding his clothes as he did so. This time, it was a quick and cold shower. The melatonin kicked in just as Hux was drying himself off, and for the first time in nearly a decade, Hux fell into bed without combing his hair- or even getting dressed. Chapter 5 : Broken Bones and Blackmail The pair avoided each other for as long as they possibly could. Hux found excuses to leave the room in the rare occurrence that Ren ever made the mistake of being in the same space as him. They found themselves changing direction and route if they saw each other in the corridors, and both took their meals in their quarters. Eventually, Ren could put it off no longer. They'd been searching through various systems for the awkward weeks during which the two men had been surreptitiously avoiding one another, when Ren insisted on changing the Finaliser's course. He insisted that the small system in the Unknown Regions held what they were looking for, that they would find the planet destined to be their new weapon. It was Hux, however, who found the planet, and he reluctantly called Ren to the bridge to confirm. Ren came onto the bridge, his stride that of a drowsy predator. He'd obviously been woken up by Hux's summon, or dragged from a deep meditation. Hux was willing to bet on the latter, given that was all the man did lately. At least he hasn't attacked my ship as of late , Hux thought to himself. “What is it?” Ren growled. Hux simply pointed to the viewport, letting the sight speak for itself. A snowy planet was before them, readouts surrounding the command console at which Hux stood, various analyses firing across the displays. “Cold,” Hux said lightly, aware that this was the first time they'd been this close since he'd kicked Ren away from his room almost a month ago, but he shrugged it off. This was no time to be thinking of such things. “It's no Hoth, however,” he added. “Highly mountainous, with forests and predominantly non-threatening wildlife. No sapient life- uninhabited for the most part- too remote, too cold to warrant anyone venturing out this way and establishing any sort of port. Only sign of habitation is what looks like a brief touchdown- possibly a survey, or a smuggling cache drop off.” The last bit was spoken with a curl of his lip, a sneer of disdain for the fringe elements. He turned, looking for the Knight's reaction. Ren stared at the planet for a few minutes, obviously thinking, looking- feeling. Hux started to scowl at his dragged out silence when Ren finally spoke. “Well done, General. This is indeed it. We've found it,” he said at last, moving to look over Hux's shoulder at the readouts. Hux kept his face calm in the serene mask he always wore- a mirror to the horrifying visage Ren always sported- but the surprise roiled through him at Ren's compliment, especially given the tension between them the past month. He also was very aware of how close Ren was, how he could feel the heat radiating from the other man's body, even though the thick cloth of his greatcoat. He clamped his mind on the thought as he felt a semi-familiar pressure between his eyes. I can compliment when and where it is due , Ren said softly in his mind, oddly gentle, subdued. He walked away. “Have my shuttle prepared. We will scout the surface immediately.” “I will inform Phasma to send a squadron with you,” Hux replied, slipping back into business mode as he tried not to shudder at how gentle, how soft Ren's voice had been, almost like a caress in his mind. Ren paused. “I meant you, General.” Hux lifted a brow. “Come again?” Ren canted his head to the side, a perfect mix of horrifying and amusing, given his mask. “You found it. Surely you would like to christen the spot where we first break ground?” Hux wasn't sure what Ren wanted by taking him along, but he knew the Knight was appealing to his pride- or trying to get him to back down from a possibly miserable mission in front of his subordinates. However, the thought of being in a shuttle with Ren, then traipsing through the snow with him, or on snow speeders, was not something he wanted. Hux hated the cold. Chilly, mild, balmy temperatures, he was fine with. Bitter, snowy, icy weather with biting winds, deep snow and frost? Not so much. He was thinking of the layers, the thermal underclothes he would have to dig out of his storage, the extra gear he would have to take. I'll keep you warm, your Highness , came the leering reply, and Hux mentally shuddered at the word “Highness” for reasons he couldn't explain. Get out of my head, Ren , Hux replied, glowering. And I do not need your coddling, you creature of ice . You were just thinking about how warm I am, and you are hardly one to speak of ice, when you are so frigid you can freeze flame , Ren teased. That aside, if you don't want me hearing your thoughts, maybe stop shouting them. Turn off your mind-reading , Hux snapped. I am not like you, I don't know how those things work. I can't turn it off , Ren sighed, almost resignedly. It's what- who- I am. Hux continued grousing, going through his datapad to inventory his cold-weather gear. Come scout with me, Hux. Why the insistence? Hux asked, frowning at the count of thermal underclothes he had in his inventory. A long silence from Ren before he finally answered. The Supreme Leader wants us to cooperate more. We cannot fight and cause discord in the ranks, even if I am not part of your military, he finally said. Work with me, Hux. Say “Please,” Hux sneered, not believing this simpering for an instant- also wanting to rile Ren up. Another bout of silence, then- General.... please. Hux felt his stomach tighten, his neck flushing under the high collar of his tunic- that he was suddenly grateful for. A simple word, and it was exhilarating in a way he didn't want to explain to himself. “Very well, Ren,” he replied at last, tucking the datapad into his pocket. “I have the adequate supplies, and will meet you in the hangar bay in an hour.” “Half an hour,” Ren amended. “No need to waste time.” Without waiting for Hux's argument, he turned and left the bridge. Hux decided that his opinion on the cold had not changed for the better. If anything, it had worsened from dislike to outright hatred. He was bundled up, wearing thermal underclothes, his tunic and pants, his greatcoat, a thermal cap- complete with a face mask and snow goggles- and an insulated overcoat. Hux felt ridiculous as he made his way through the snow, but at least he was warm. Ren, however, strode past him- on top of the snow, Hux noticed with a scowl- with no small amount of derision whispering from his mind into Hux's, wearing his usual attire without any extra weather proofing additions. This made Hux feel all the more the fool, and he became convinced that the Knight had done this on purpose. I hate him so much , Hux decided for the umpteenth time that day. They'd touched down near where their scans had picked up readings of tech- which had turned out to be an abandoned smuggler cache. The troopers had swarmed over the area like womp rats on scraps, scanners analysing everything, sifting through crates and leftover tech. Hux surveyed the area with his macrobinoculars, distaste clearly written on his face. The small impromptu buildings had been long since abandoned, but the contents inside still spoke measures of the former occupants and the discord they represented. Stocks of contraband- mostly alcohol, ruined cigars, rare foodstuffs long since spoiled, and long outdated weapon mods that had probably been illegal when they were still relevant. The only things of value to be found were a few maps of the surrounding mountains, a locked box that had been blown open to reveal a handful of firegems, and a list of contacts. Hux immediately had the items of monetary value sent back to the ship for appraisal, to be added to the Order's funds, then he scoured the list of contacts. Most of the names he didn't recognise, or knew them to be retired, dead, or missing. Good riddance to filth, he sneered to himself. “General!” Hux turned to face the approaching Lieutenant. The trooper saluted, then relaxed as Hux dismissed his stiff posture with a gesture for him to report. When he started talking again, his voice was notably bright and less intimidated than when he'd hailed his Commander. Hux found it important to make sure his soldiers knew he respected them- it made it easier for them to trust him, in and out of combat, which made it easier for them to follow orders. “One of the storage caches- the empty one, sir- it was a cover. There's a subterranean basement inside leading a system of caves and tunnels that go under the mountains. We've sent a probe down to scan the system, as well as look for possible traps the smugglers may have left,” the Lieutenant reported. Hux lifted a brow, taking the datapad held out to him. The display showed a rapidly increasing system of tunnels, caves and even a subterranean water system as the probe droid mapped out the underground. Hux was impressed. By the look of it, there was a mix of man made and natural tunnels, and they spread a decent distance from the entry point. Some tunnels ended in chambers, in which the probe reported some tech, and a few other tunnels emerged distances away as escape tunnels. “Very good, Lieutenant,” Hux replied, satisfied. “It looks as though a smuggling ring had attempted to make this into a headquarters, but didn't finish. This will actually cut some of our work out and push the ETA for completion by at least a week.” Hux was very pleased- which made the trooper pleased as well, and he returned to his work with a bright step in his gait. Hux watched him go, and he was starting to have less grievances about coming down on the scouting trip, given that his men were getting some needed inspiration and morale boosts. A thought tugged at him. Where was Ren? Hux frowned, scanning the snow for the black-clad figure that had become begrudgingly familiar to him. All he saw was the dizzying movement of his troops as their white armour nearly blended in with the snow. The Knight was nowhere to be seen. Of course he's disappeared, he scowled. Probably finding some obscure thing to claim 'The Force' had drawn him to or something else preposterous. The latter thought was on purpose, and as loud as he could manage- at least he thought it was, he had no idea how thinking loudly enough for Ren to hear worked, exactly, but he still tried. Riling Ren up would be the best way to bring him out into the open, he assumed. Over here , came the call, pressure lancing through Hux's head. He sighed. What is it. Just get over here. Ten clicks north-east from you. Hux sighed and began making his way in the direction Ren had indicated, grumbling to himself about how insufferable Ren was, and how he hated him and- -the snow gave way under his feet, and for a split second, nothing was holding the general aloft but the momentum of his own forward movement, but that faded, and all consuming panic washed over Hux as the ground swallowed him. “General!” He heard a trooper cry somewhere above him before he hit his head on something- hard- and a wrenching pain shot through his leg like a rancor chewing on the bone itself as there was a wet crack somewhere in the darkness that now surrounded him. That was a very odd sound. Why did a sound make my leg hurt? Hux thought vaguely before the darkness that surrounded him took him over completely. Ren emerged from the tunnel he'd discovered just in time to see Hux go disappearing under the snow, and troopers swarming over the hole he'd fallen into. Ren felt his face drain of blood, and a curse escaped him. Yes, he knew there were pitfalls surrounding the camp- he'd purposely wanted to get Hux to stumble over one on his way to see what Ren had “found,” and make a fool of himself by falling on his face. Not falling underground and - He probed in Hux's direction, only to be met with blackness and white hot pain that threatened to pull the general from his state of unconsciousness. Ren probed further, looking for the source of pain. He hissed beneath his mask as he felt the source of pain and was exposed to the raw nerves that were screaming- Hux had broken his leg. “Move,” he ordered the troopers as he approached the edge of the pitfall. Peering down, he could barely see Hux crumpled at the bottom, looking rather helpless. The cause of the break was obvious- Hux's boot had caught on a rock as he'd fallen, and his leg had twisted. “Getting a stretcher brought out immediately, my Lord,” the Lieutenant said. “Shall we go down and get him, or get a lift?” “I'll get him,” Ren said, and without a word, he leapt down into the pit. Hux was silent, his snow mask and goggles askew to reveal his pale, ashen face, and the way he was sprawled on the ground was very unlike the general that Ren had come to know. Inexplicably, he felt a pang of guilt- and a jolt of panic. I meant to make a fool of you, not break you. The Supreme Leader will be furious if he finds out that my petty arguments and rivalry with you caused me to bring you to harm. The Supreme Leader liked Hux- Ren couldn't deny that. He liked his military commander, and valued his training, his brilliant mind. And Ren had endangered him out of spite- a foolish act that would result in dire repercussions if the true nature of the accident was found out. Swearing to himself, Ren knelt by the prone general, mindful of the broken leg. Keeping Hux's neck perfectly still, he examined the man's head, checking the rapidly blooming contusion on the side of his temple. He prodded gently with his mind again. Hux. Wake up. I need you to move your hands and toes. Ren wasn't sure if he'd injured his neck or back in the fall, and he didn't want to move him if that were the case. A groan told him he'd managed to push past the veil of unconsciousness, and Hux let out a stream of swears in Chandrilan- with an unmodulated, uncontrolled accent to match that had chills running down Ren's spine. “Leg,” he managed, trying to move. Ren stilled him. “I know,” he said quietly. “Move your fingers. Wiggle your toes. Can you do that?” Hux clenched his teeth, and there was the creak of leather as toes moved inside the boots. Ren let out a sigh of relief. Good. No back injury, then. He'd gotten the man's leg broken, but at least he hadn't crippled him. Hux murmured something Ren couldn't hear, and the Knight bent over him. “What?” Another mutter, and despite the troopers leaning over the opening of the pitfall, Ren pulled off his mask to listen closer. “What, General?” He was answered by a fist to his face. Ren jerked back as his lip was split over his teeth, blood immediately flowing freely over his chin. Hux glowered up at him with eyes dilated from pain, his teeth bared and breath coming in tight gasps. “You knew,” he hissed. “Damn your pride, Ren.” Between the pain and exertion of punching Ren, Hux slipped into unconsciousness again. Ren was silent- he deserved that, he realised, as he put his mask back on. Carefully, he slid his arms under the general, and mindful of his leg, he pulled him up. Hux was lighter than Ren had expected- even with the cold-weather gear on. The limbs under the clothing were toned, but slender, and Hux's frame was lean, lithe. Probably wears that greatcoat to add to his frame, came the amused afterthought as Ren coiled his muscles, drawing from the Force and leaping from the pit lightly, Hux in his arms. The troopers already had a stretcher out, the field medic immediately beckoning Ren to lay Hux out on it. Ren gently laid Hux down and stepped away. “Broken leg,” he commented with disinterest, cold and detached. “Best get him back to the ship before he goes into shock here in the cold.” The troopers filed after him back to the shuttle, and the entire scouting party was silent as the trip was made back to the Finaliser. Hux awoke to the sound of beeping and metal clattering- and the very uncomfortable sensation of a bed that was not his own, all overlaid with the throbbing of his leg and an ache in his head. He carefully cracked his eyes open, only to have shrieking pain lance through his head, and he wrenched his eyes shut again with a moan, hands covering his face. “Ah, you're awake, General!” Hux peered between his fingers to see an Emdee droid clattering his way. “I wish I weren't,” he groaned, despite himself. “I have your painkillers, General, if you would sit up and take them,” the droid coaxed. Hux didn't need to be told twice, holding out his hand, palm up as he propped himself up with the other arm. Pills were deposited into his palm, and Hux immediately popped them into his mouth. He held his hand out again and a small cup of water was pressed into his grasp. Hux downed the contents, swallowing the pills and letting out a small gasp as the water made him realise how thirsty he was. “No intravenous or intramuscular painkillers, then?” He croaked. The droid nodded to the IV in Hux's arm. “I can add more to your drip if need be, but the pills should suffice. Signal me if the pain is too much after an hour or two.” Hux ran fingers through his hair and grimaced. “How long have I been out?” “Two days,” the droid chirped. “Along with a concussion, you had a comminuted fracture of your tibia, and surgery was needed- a metal pin was placed in the bone to reset it and a mesh was placed around the break site to hold the pieces together until the bone has healed. Luckily, intra-medullary nailing was not necessary for the break, nor did you need bacta immersion. You should be back on your feet in a few weeks, General.” “And how long until I am completely back into my full range of motion?” Hux inquired, both eyes open now, and fixed on the droid. “Two months, with proper therapy, but that greatly depends on you not over-exerting yourself for the next four weeks,” the Emdee replied brightly. Hux sighed. “And how long will I be in the medical bay?” Hux longed for his non-regulation bed, with the multiple blankets and unnecessary amount of pillows. The med bay was cold, and the single pillow under his head, along with the stiff mattress, lent to no small amount of misery- unnecessary misery, given the throbbing of his leg and an itch under the thin cast that was slowly but surely driving him mad. “It is advised you stay for another few days, sir,” the droid said politely, clearly not understanding why the human was so impatient to leave. If I see Ren, Hux growled to himself. I'll kill him. No. I'll have him thrown out the airlock, and I'll watch him slowly depressurise and asphyxiate in the vacuum of space. Let's see his precious Force or his stupid mask save him then. As if summoned by Hux's hatred, Ren appeared at the door. Hux shot a glare in his direction that would have sent any of his subordinates fleeing in terror for their immediate well being, but Ren simply stood there, staring in his direction. “Go away,” Hux spat, all vitriol and venom as he did his best to shift his weight to one side in order to present an unwelcoming front to the Knight. “Leave us,” Ren commanded the med droid, who immediately left without a word, shutting the door behind him. “Get out,” Hux hissed. “This situation is your bloody fault, and I ought to inform the Supreme Leader that your pride had you playing childish jokes on me that nearly got me killed. Let's see how proud of his apprentice he is, then!” Ren sat in the chair beside his bed, pulling his mask off. His thick hair tumbled over his shoulders, and it struck Hux again how young Ren looked, and how his features didn't match the masked image of the unstable, powerful Force user that everyone was nervous in the company of. His heavy lidded brown eyes were plaintive, his full plush lips parted slightly, obviously measuring the words on the tip of his tongue carefully. Hux noticed his lower lip was swollen, bruised, and wondered how it had happened. “You punched me,” Ren said quietly. “You deserved it,” Hux spat. Ren's face screwed up painfully. “You weren't meant to break your leg. You weren't meant to fall in that pit. I... missed that one,” Ren finally admitted. “There was a small dip, filled with snow. I wanted you to hit that one and fall on your face.” A long pause, then the words came out like vomit, and Ren couldn't seem to stop himself. “It was my task to find the suitable planet for the weapon, and you just stumble on it while I am meditating, looking for it, and you have the respect of the crew, and they follow you into everything and anything. I couldn't stand having you take what was supposed to be mine. I wanted to make you feel humility,” he prattled, not meeting Hux's gaze. Hux believed him. It was something stupid, selfish and so very like Ren. It was the selfish individualism that made Hux loathe Ren to his core, because his personal desires ran opposite of the Order's most days. Believing him, however, did not make the events on the surface okay, however. “Your selfish desires cost us time and resources. Give me one good reason I shouldn't inform the Supreme Leader of your childish behaviour, Kylo Ren,” Hux growled, squirming slightly as his leg gave another throb, the itch by his calf increasing to a maddening level. Ren glanced at Hux's leg, and frowned ever so slightly. A split second later, Hux visibly shuddered in relief as the itch under his cast ceased, as though invisible nails were running over the irritated skin. He blinked, looking at Ren. “You-” “I didn't mean for it to happen. Not this badly,” Ren said quietly. Hux remembered how good it had felt to hear Ren pleading with him before their descent. How good it had felt to have Ren doing as he asked. A small smile played over his lips. “This is your doing, Ren. You will take responsibility for it, or I will make sure the Supreme Leader knows just how childish you are,” he said quietly. “You will take care of any needs I cannot attend to myself while my leg heals.” Ren gaped at him, but no words came out of his open mouth. You're serious. I am. Ren was quiet for another few minutes, then he inhaled, a long, ragged breath through his nose. “Very well. Until your leg heals.” Smirking, Hux patted Ren's hand. “Good. First thing I want you to do is bully that blasted droid into letting me go back to my room. This bed should be considered a crime against humanity. Then you will take me back to my quarters, and have dinner brought to me.” Ren hesitated, but the look on Hux's face and his tone had him wanting to obey, had him wanting to please the general- and not just to keep him from telling his Master of his misdeeds. “As you wish,” he finally said, getting up and leaving the med bay. Hux watched him go, a wicked light glittering in his eyes. It was late when Ren finally came for Hux. The Emdee had already disconnected Hux's IV after another dose of painkillers, and had dressed him in a more dignified set of clothing. A plain black tank and black sleep pants that Hux was less than pleased with, but far more dignified than the open backed medical gown. “Dinner is being brought to your quarters, General,” Ren said softly, as though restraining himself from holding any rage in his voice. Hux lowered the rails on his bed, but didn't move. Ren sighed mentally, then moved to Hux's bedside. Mindful of Hux's leg, Ren slid his arms under his shoulders and knees, lifting him. Once again, he was taken aback by the fact that, despite Hux's height, he was slender, and lean. “Certainly took your time,” Hux muttered, wrapping an arm around Ren's shoulders to steady himself in the Knight's arms. Ren snorted. ”And have the entire ship see me carrying you like a maiden off to your room?” Ren growled, and Hux tried not to flinch as he felt the other man's voice rumble in his chest. He had no counter for that argument, so he remained silent. Again, Hux was too aware of how warm Ren was, especially now that he was dressed in thin layers. The trip back to Hux's quarters was short, uneventful, and without any encounters. Ren was surprisingly gentle as he laid Hux on the bed and helped him sit up by arranging pillows behind him at the general's insistence. Dinner was already waiting on Hux's desk, and Ren carried it over, setting it on a tray over Hux's lap. Hux almost considered asking Ren to feed him, but immediately squashed the thought, ignoring the tightening in his throat at the idea. “Anything else?” Ren asked, his voice strained. Hux lifted a brow as he slowly, deliberately slid a spear of asparagus in his mouth. He let the silence fill his room as he chewed, his eyes never leaving Ren's. “Stay until I finish eating, so you can set my tray by the door. I can't very well sleep with a dinner tray on my bed,” he said smoothly, cutting off a piece of roast and enjoying the mouthful. Ren stood at the foot of his bed awkwardly, watching him eat his dinner. Finally, Hux sighed. “Just sit,” he said, exasperated. “Stop looming over my bed like some odd spectre.” He'd meant the chair at his desk, but Ren perched on the end of his bed, long legs stretching out and crossing at the ankles. It made Hux realise that Ren's height was mostly leg. Ren folded his hands in his lap and continued eyeing Hux. “Are my dinner habits that fascinating, Ren?” Hux asked dryly as he cut off another piece of roast, spearing it with his fork and swirling it in the white cheese sauce drizzled over his plate. Ren shrugged. “I haven't met many people who enjoyed food as much as you,” he admitted. Hux lifted a brow, fork pausing between his lips. Ren was painfully aware of the daub of sauce on Hux's lower lip, and he looked away. “Everyone has their indulgences,” Hux replied after swallowing. “And yours is food, then?” Ren asked. “Amongst other things, yes.” His tongue darted out and licked his lips clean- and Ren rolled his shoulder, the joint popping loudly in the silence. “Like spying on me while I change?” Hux began coughing in the middle of drinking a long quaff of tea, and he set his mug down, pounding on his chest as his ribs heaved. Ren smirked, but got up and pushed Hux forward to give the general a firm smack between his shoulder blades. Hux coughed a few more times, but eventually quieted, his face red and eyes watering. You were hoping I wouldn't bring that up, weren't you? You deserved it, probing into my mind, Ren , Hux growled, still wheezing and unable to reply verbally. You liked the show, though. Hux wiped at his eyes with his napkin, but refused to answer. Ren simply went back to sitting on his bed again with a smirk. Though, to be fair, I got a show myself. Hux nearly overturned his tray. “OUT.” The laughter that issued from Ren was deep, throaty, but youthful and exuberant- very unlike what Hux had expected from him. Is that why you wanted to humiliate me, then? Hux demanded, shoving another large forkful of food into his mouth. He figured it was in his best interest to stop indulging in his dinner and simply eat it before he did overturn the tray in rage from another prodding from Ren. I told you why I did it. You stole my thunder , Ren said simply. Or do you simply wish to change the subject and hear me admit my folly again? We'll go with that, yes , Hux replied, finishing his meal and draining the rest of his tea with a handful of pills. Ren got up and took the tray away without being asked and say back down on the bed- closer to Hux this time. You are maddening, General Brendol Hux , Ren said quietly, his dark brown eyes searching Hux's. Hux felt his heart pound against his sore ribs, but he met Ren's gaze unfalteringly. So says the man wearing the same colour , Hux countered. There was a long, heavy silence between them, neither breaking their gaze, and Hux wished he'd just leave, go anywhere, as long as he wasn't sitting half a breath away, staring into his eyes. Why did you have that running through your head? And don't ask what, you know what I'm talking about , Ren finally said in his mind, his tone gentle, curious. There are a lot of thoughts involving you that I have had in my head, Ren , Hux said bluntly. T hey involve a great many things. Choking you, spacing you, throwing you under the proverbial engines in front of the Supreme Leader, take your pick. What about binding my wrists behind me, General? Hux swallowed, hard. Ren was still staring at him, head cocked curiously, the corner of his mouth turned up ever so slightly, enjoying watching the man squirm. I could easily be content with having you gagged as well, Kylo Ren , Hux finally said, regaining his composure. Wanting to control someone who is constantly a state of random aggravation and uncontrollable damage or setbacks is natural. If that was all you were imagining, I would agree, but there was a great deal more to it than that. Hux shuddered, and was grateful for many various things in his life at that moment. One of which being that even if he wasn't under three layers of blankets, he wouldn't have needed them at that moment. Fine. You are not an unattractive man, Kylo Ren , he conceded begrudgingly. Between that and my desire to have you under control and no longer causing me endless headaches, an errant fantasy- one of which will not be repeating itself- formed in my head. Ren grinned- a tight, wolfish grin. Of course, General Hux. It won't happen again, even though you like telling me what to do. You liked hearing me say 'please.' Hux flushed despite himself. “Says the man who didn't put up nearly as much of a fight before saying 'please,' or agreeing to do as I wished while I heal. Who didn't wait for me to ask you to carry me to my room, or tuck me into bed. One would almost think you enjoyed being my manservant, Kylo Ren,” Hux said aloud to break the silence that seemed to weigh a metric tonne, and felt as thick as honey. The grin faded from Ren's face, replaced by a look of conflict, then anger. “I feel no pleasure in doing anything anyone commands of me, save for that of the Supreme Leader, Hux,” he growled. The teasing mood was gone as Ren became defensive, reminding Hux of a cornered predator. “Of course not,” Hux simpered. Ren stood. “Will there be anything else, General?” he spat as he drew himself up to his full height. Hux waved dismissively, already feeling the painkillers kick in, and not wanting Ren to be around with his inhibition lowered. “I require nothing else, Ren. I wake every morning at 5am sharp. I will require assistance preparing for the day,” he said, his tone formal. Ren's mouth thinned into a line. “As you wish,” he said stiffly before sweeping from the room. Hux allowed himself to sink into the pillows with a shuddering sigh as Ren left. He wasn't sure if holding the Knight to him in servitude through blackmail like this was a good idea, but truth be told, he didn't want his men seeing him weak and in need of assistance as he did now. He also greatly enjoyed having Ren obey his orders for once. Almost too much, truth be told. “Just for a little while,” he murmured, feeling his eyelids grow heavy. “Just a little while.” He carefully rolled onto his side and nestled into his pillows, falling asleep quicker than he had in months. Ren paced his room, conflicted. He hated Hux. Hated him. Wanted him gone, wanted him dead in certain cases. But now, he was bound to him because admittedly, Ren had made a grave mistake that could have gone so much worse. If he'd died, the consequences would be dire , he told himself. Just coddle him like the child he is for a month, and then he'll be out of your hair, and you can go back to ignoring him. “You are not an unattractive man, Kylo Ren.” The general's words kept replaying themselves in Ren's mind. Hux found him attractive- and wanted to control him, enjoyed doing so. He mentioned gagging you, he remembered, and he shook his head as a flush spread over his cheeks. “No,” he said aloud. “I don't want that stuffed coat to control me. I am my own person.” But he remembered looking up at Hux from the floor, the mental image of Hux putting his boot to his chest, the hissed words that rolled and curled in that Chandrilan accent, his hair slightly askew in his anger, in the moment of pure dominant aggression. And he liked it. “No. NO.” He stormed into the refresher- he needed to clear his head- and he had a long day ahead of him tomorrow. Chapter 6 : Kiss and Make Up “Would you hold still?” “This isn't easy, you know. You try doing this with a broken leg.” “I've got your waist, just relax and let me get it in, would you?” “You said that five minutes ago and I fell over. If you would just swallow your pride and do this while I am on the bed instead of standing near the wall, we wouldn't be having this issue.” “....There. Got it.” “Good. Finally.” “....how does it fit?” “.....better than I thought it would. Can we move on? Help me onto the bed for this, I am not falling over again.” “Tyrant.” “Shut up.” “....you can't just sit there like a statue, Hux. You have to work with me.” “Not with a broken leg. Push harder, Ren.” “I am. Lean into it?” “....easy on the leg, Ren.” “That is a ridiculously tight fit. How can you stand it?” “I personally enjoy it.” “Of course you do.” Phasma stood outside the door, hand frozen in its trajectory to knock on the door. Her chrome helmet was cocked, and confusion was written clearly all over the Captain's form. She considered a few more moments, then decided better of it, and turned back, heading for the bridge. Whatever was going on in the general's quarters between himself and Ren was none of her business, and she did not want to interrupt. Inside, Ren straightened up, eyeing the job he'd done of dressing Hux in the more difficult pieces- his pants, newly tailored to fit over his cast, and boot for his uninjured leg. Hux smoothed the front of his tunic and straightened his belt before gesturing to his greatcoat and the crutches leaning against the wall. “I can't very well have you carry me to the bridge, so I might as well start that way now.” Though Hux couldn't see Ren's face behind his mask, he could feel the withering glare coming from the taller man as he began to struggle using his crutches and keeping his coat on his shoulders at the same time. The heavy coat fell to the ground, and Hux made a frustrated growl. “Is the coat really necessary?” Ren asked. Hux scowled at him. “It is part of my uniform, and it's bloody cold on the bridge. If you would, get that before it wrinkles.” Ren let out another sigh and scooped the coat up, then paused. It was far heavier than it looked, with a silken inner lining and thick fabric making up the body. A little over the top for a coat, as far as Ren was concerned, but he would agree with Hux on one thing- the bridge was cold. He was able to ignore it, with a ridiculously high metabolism that had him running hot at all times, but he'd seen how the bridge officers wore coats with their uniforms, those without shivering mildly at their stations. “Try changing the climate controls, then,” he gritted, watching as Hux made his way to the door. “Cold keeps the officers alert and awake, and saves energy, as well as discourages the spread of micro-organisms,” the general replied as he made his way out of the room and into the corridor. Ren followed, Hux's coat draped over his arm. He couldn't argue with Hux's method. The going was slow- Hux was trying his best to keep the weight off his leg, but also still keep his dignity in his posture and stride. Casting a glance along the corridor, and walking ahead to the lifts to ensure no one was in them, Ren turned back towards the limping general. Hux gave him a look as Ren approached, holding out his coat. “What? I can't carry it and use the crutches at the same time, Ren,” Hux said in exasperation. Ren sighed, the sound a whisper of wind through metal behind his mask, and slid an arm around Hux's waist. Naturally, Hux had many protesting reservations. “No, don't you even dare-” he was cut off, dropping the crutches as Ren picked him up as easily as he would a small child. “Just... be quiet and put up with the indignity until we get to the bridge,” Ren growled. “You don't like to be late, I am trying to prevent that.” Using the Force, Ren lifted the crutches off the floor and just in front of Hux's reach. Unnerved, but still annoyed, Hux laid his coat over his legs and reached out apprehensively, taking the floating crutches and angling them over himself so as not to create any issues for Ren to enter the lifts. “You can practice walking with them later, I have things to do today,” Ren grunted, moving to the console to let Hux hit the buttons for the bridge. “Surely Phasma won't mind helping you out today.” Hux lifted a brow, tilting his head to look up at the masked Knight. “Like what? Destroying another room?” He drawled. Ren dug gloved fingers painfully into Hux's thigh, causing him to hiss ever so slightly, and the general, feeling childish but unable to stop himself, punched Ren in the chest. He was unnerved again to find it was most unyielding. “Leader Snoke has training for me,” Ren said, breaking the silence. “I will return when it is done.” Hux had nothing to say to that, and he turned his mind to the day's schedule while trying to ignore how warm Ren was, how his arms under his upper back and thighs were like durasteel bars. “Ah.” A low hum was Ren's only reply, and silence filled the lift again. “You may want to tell Phasma we weren't having sex.” “What?” Hux sputtered, twisting in Ren's arms in shock. Ren steadied him. “She was outside the door when I was helping you dress. I think our conversation gave her the wrong idea. You may want to inform her that her assumptions are incorrect.” Hux dragged a gloved hand down his face with a groan. “You seem to have been put in my life to make it miserable, Kylo Ren.” There was a small sound that Hux could only assume with the exhale of breath as Ren grinned and chuckled softly under the horrifying mask. “Perhaps.” Hux refused to speak to him after that, and when Ren set him down- surprisingly gentle as he did so- and helped him out of the lift so he could make his way into the bridge on his own, the general still refused to look at the Knight. Ren turned and left without a word, his cloak trailing after him like a thunderhead as for the first time, Hux took the Commander's chair instead of standing at his station. The feeling of laziness, of stagnation and indolence was maddening. His officers didn't seem to resent him for taking the seat and having to come to him with reports- they'd expected him to be off the bridge for a week, not three days after the break itself- but he still felt cagey, and his anger towards Ren only intensified. It was a full fortnight before Ren returned to the Finaliser . Phasma helped him when she could, but he ended up having an Emdee assist him with mobility when the Captain was preoccupied. Despite trying to convince her that he and Ren had not been engaged in sexual activities, Phasma still found it ridiculously hilarious to tease him about it. Which, oddly enough, Hux didn't mind. He didn't like people assuming he was involved with the thorn in his side, but he didn't mind the companionable teasing between Phasma and himself. However, he found himself wondering why Ren was gone for so long, what his 'training' actually entailed. Was it just philosophy? Was it sword training? Or was it Force manipulation? As much as it unnerved him, he still found himself curious- as he was wont to be about things he didn't understand. Hux was a man who was ever hungry for knowledge- information was valuable and empowering. Ignorance was often the death of lesser men. When Ren returned, he reported to Hux's room, coming in without asking, or announcing himself. Hux jerked, nearly falling off the bed, his datapad clattering to the floor as he fought to pull his blankets over himself. He'd been lounging in his bed in his briefs, exhausted after the ordeal of bathing and preparing his uniform for the next day without assistance- and he had not wanted Ren seeing him in that state of undress. “I'm fairly sure unless you are an expert at hiding it, you don't have anything out of the ordinary,” Kylo said dryly, sitting on the end of Hux's bed. “Still very rude and presumptuous of you, simply barging in and thinking I want your company,” Hux retorted to keep his very contrary thoughts to himself. Ren made no reply, taking off his mask. Hux blinked. Ren's eyes were dark from pupils dilated with pain, dark bags hung under his eyes and his jaw was tense. His hair was lank, and his cheeks seemed hollow. He looked like a man who hadn't slept in a week or more. “You look like death warmed over,” Hux said before he could stop himself. Ren made a small sound of agreement. “I feel like shit.” “Then why are you here? Go... eat. Sleep,” Hux said awkwardly. “I can't. Head full of... noise. Needed company to distract me. Figured you might need my assistance, so I thought I'd take care of my problem while I help you with yours,” Ren said, his words slightly disjointed, his voice distant. “I'm already tucked in for the night, obviously,” Hux replied, letting the blankets drop to his waist as he scooted back into his pillows. He frowned to the side of the bed and at the floor where his datapad had fallen. Ren got to his feet silently, setting his mask on Hux's desk and moving to retrieve the datapad. He handed it to the redhead, then sat back down on the bed- closer this time. Hux was resting in the middle of his bed, and Ren was now perching on the side, close to Hux's knees. “...why didn't you use ...the Force?” Hux asked, putting the datapad to his side. As much as he wanted Ren to leave, his curiosity won over his discomfort. Ren grunted and rubbed fingertips over the side of his forehead. “Too tired. Migraine. Too much effort with too much pain as a result,” he replied. “Does it always hurt?” Hux asked, tilting his head. His dislike for the man was temporarily fading in the face of his curiosity of the unknown. Ren made a negative sound. “Can... May I lie down? The room is spinning,” he said quietly. Hux blinked a few times, then pushed himself to one side of the bed, angling his feet away from Ren. Though Hux believed in proficiency and prided himself on his professionalism, he would not deny himself creature comforts like a truly comfortable bed- and his bed was very non-regulation, large with a ridiculously comfortable mattress, multiple thick blankets and many pillows. Scooting over to give Ren enough room was a trivial task, even though it was odd, to say the least, watching Ren stretch out on one side of the bed. Giving up on finishing his reading, Hux reached over to a console just beside his bed and lowered the lights. If Ren's migraine was as bad as his own could get, he figured the low lights would help. He was still unsure why he was letting the Knight stay, instead of telling him to leave and take care of himself, or why he was practically caring for him as best as his own condition would allow. “Thank you,” Ren said quietly, his eyes closed, hands folded over his stomach. Hux noticed his feet were hanging off the edge of the bed. Respect for the expensive blankets? “Yes.” “I didn't realise I was thinking so directly,” Hux said, his voice quiet as he pushed a pillow under his foot to prop up his broken leg, which had begun throbbing. “...Thank you.” “You always think directly- and loudly,” Ren mumbled. “Your mind never shuts up.” “If it bothers you, why are you here when your head hurts you so?” Hux shot back. “I needed the distraction. Noise in my head. Chaos. Your thoughts are orderly. They help,” Ren said simply, pulling his gloves off and refolding his hands over his stomach. Hux couldn't help but notice how pale his long slender fingers were against the black robes. “There are cloths in the refresher,” he found himself saying. “Wet one with some cold water and put it on your forehead. It helps.” Hux watched as Ren considered, then got up, unfolding long limbs and moving out of sight. As the sound of water running came from the other room, Hux almost found himself offering some of his painkillers to the other man, but stopped short, unsure if giving him narcotics was a good idea. “It isn't. I lose control,” Ren answered his unspoken thought, returning with a damp cloth. “How is that different from when you attack my ship?” Hux said dryly, but there was no real venom in his voice. He was becoming tired, his medication starting to kick in, and he had no real desire to fight with Ren. “...The difference is that I need an outlet for my anger, and a console is better than your crew,” Ren said softly as he sat down on the bed again. “I don't want to hurt allies unnecessarily. You think me capricious, but I'm not.” Hux saw Ren was removing his boots, and his heart rate picked up a bit, wondering how long Ren intended to stay. “Just until the pain fades,” Ren murmured, taking off his cloak and sprawling back on the bed. “That's really annoying, you know.” “Then say it out loud instead of all but shouting it in your head,” Ren shot back, laying the cloth over his eyes and forehead and refolding his hands. Hux sighed and gave up trying to sit up and have a semblance of control. He was tired, and his leg hurt. He pulled a few pillows to the side and laid back, pulling the blankets over his shoulder. Ren grunted quietly. “You're a regular brat with this bed, you know that? One would never guess a general as hard as you slept in a bed so soft.” “I allow myself few luxuries,” Hux mumbled into the near darkness, muffled by the blankets. “One of them being a nice bed.” “It is a nice bed,” Ren agreed. “Much more comfortable than my own. I can see why you spend so much time in your quarters.” “How long do your migraines usually last?” Hux asked. He wasn't sure how much longer he'd be awake, but the thought of falling asleep with Kylo Ren in bed next to him made him feel various mixed feelings he couldn't quite describe- uncomfortable being the main one. Ren shrugged, then winced, letting out a small hiss as the motion jarred his head. “Depends,” he said, his voice dropping to an even quieter volume. “Most of the time they last a day or two.” Hux grunted and rolled onto his side, peering at the prone Knight. “Is that from Force training?” Ren didn't answer for a while, his jaw clenching as another wave of pain rushed through his head. “You could say that. Can we talk about something else?” “Like what? Shall I tell you the progress of the weapon?” “I already know,” Ren said, but his voice was soft, gentle. “I meant about something not about... the Order, about our work.” Hux, who had closed his eyes, now cracked one open at Ren. “Like what?” He repeated. Ren considered. “What are you reading?” Hux glanced at the datapad. “Files. Old records and tactics of an Imperial mastermind.” Ren grunted. “You never stop working, do you?” “Not really, no. Save for when I'm sleeping.” “Die-hard. Learn to relax once in a while, maybe you won't look so angry all the time,” Ren drawled. “Once we've snuffed the life out of the Resistance and the Republic, I will allow myself some leisure time that is more than an hour,” Hux said matter-of-factly. Ren rolled onto his side, which brought himself closer to Hux. “So you and Phasma are close. Was she jealous of that morning she made assumptions about the two of us?” Hux laughed. “That would be fraternisation, Ren. We are friends and companions, but no more. Also, Phasma has made it known to me she prefers the company of women.” “Oh? And what about you, General? Do you prefer the company of women?” Ren asked. “I fail to see how that is pertinent or any of your business,” Hux said, lifting a brow. A grin spread over Ren's face, slow, wolfish, almost a leer. “Right. You have fantasies about men.” Hux turned red to the roots of his hair. “Stop bringing that up, Ren.” Ren scooted closer, and Hux could see his pupils were still dilated, a vein at his temple throbbing visibly, the skin around his eyes tight and drawn. He was in obvious pain, but still delighted in bringing up the damned fantasy Hux had had about him. “What if I said I wasn't entirely adverse?” He murmured, almost coy. Hux groaned. “You're delirious with pain, Ren. Go to your room and go to sleep.” Gritting his teeth, Ren waved a hand, and the lights went out. Hux froze as the Knight slid close, reaching over and skimming long fingers down his bare chest. “In pain, yes. But not delirious. Just unable to put up a façade any longer- to you or myself,” he murmured, hands moving to Hux's face. Hux was about to protest, but was interrupted as Ren pressed his plush lips against Hux's mouth hungrily, fingers sliding into his hair and tugging. Hux was utterly still, unable to react as Ren kissed him, nibbling at his lower lip, pressing the length of his body against Hux's barely-clothed form. This is inappropriate and will end up nowhere good, Ren , he thought desperately, his heart pounding frantically in his chest. I'm not asking you to marry me, Hux. Just kiss me. I know you want me... and I want you, too. Just... Just kiss me. Hux hesitated a moment longer, then slid arms around Ren's neck, and threw himself into the kiss. Ren gently touched his lower lip with the tip of his tongue, careful, questioning. Hux responded by opening his mouth and letting him in. Ren sighed through his nose, sliding his tongue over Hux's, over his teeth, tasting, drinking him in. How far will this go? As far as you want it... I just wanted to kiss that smirk off your face. Hux broke away, gasping for breath- Ren's kisses were clumsy, unrefined, but very passionate, intense. So much like the way the man handled himself, so much like his odd lightsaber. If there was a way to describe Kylo Ren, it was just that- unrefined, rough, but intense as a supernova. Ren made a soft sound of pleased agreement, liking the appraisal running through Hux's mind, and he nuzzled into Hux's neck, teeth nipping, lips suckling, tongue laving at his clavicle. Hux moaned out loud despite himself. Ren skimmed his hand down Hux's stomach, fingers teasing at the waist of his briefs, and Hux froze, panic killing his arousal as effectively as a cold shower. “No,” he said, his voice shaking. “I can't.” Ren lifted his head, confusion written on his face. You don't want me? I do... but.... I'm not ready. I have a broken leg. You have a migraine... and there are things I need to clear up between us when we are both in our right minds... I can't do this now. He almost expected anger, for Ren to leave, to storm out. He was surprised when Ren moved his hands back above Hux's waist, and he went back to kissing his clavicle. Then I will wait. Kiss me again? Hux obliged him. “You knew to turn the lights down, to offer me a cold cloth. You have migraines, too, don't you?” Ren asked when he could no longer smother Hux in kisses, his migraine roaring to a new level of pain. Hux made an affirmative grunt, looking over at Ren, who had replaced the cloth over his eyes. “Often. Sometimes you are the cause of them, Ren.” “Don't exaggerate, Hux.” “I'm not. You have caused me at least four migraines since you first came to this ship,” Hux said honestly, shifting his position a bit to accommodate his leg. “How often do you have them?” “Three times a week... I get them from my mother,” Hux replied, blurting out the personal detail without thinking. Perhaps it was how vulnerable Ren looked, or how for the first time, he didn't feel uneasy around the man. Ren turned his head, peeling the cloth back a bit to crack open a bloodshot eye at Hux. “Your mother,” he demurred. Hux nodded, and a jaw popping yawn escaped him. “She gets them all the time. More than I do, but not nearly as bad. She taught me how to cope with them.” Ren was quiet a long moment, a single brown eye focused on him from under the damp cloth. There was wistful jealousy in that gaze, but when he spoke next, his tone was bitter, scathing. “Parents. They only exist to bring you into the world and drag you down because you're a reminder of their own mortality. They don't want you to grow, to succeed, because that would mean their time is drawing to a close.” Hux frowned. This was personal, a bitterness speaking from experience. What sort of parents did a Knight of Ren have, anyway? Hux had heard tell of how Sith often were killed by their apprentices or rivals- were their relationships between parent and child the same? “Hardly,” he replied, his voice firm. “Parents set expectations, have high hopes, and help their children achieve those goals- doing so not only helps their children, but themselves, and the family. Otherwise, there is no point in having a family, for how else does one establish and maintain a legacy?” “Legacies,” Ren snorted, but his voice tensed, the volume lowering as another wave of pain stabbed between his eyes. “A fancy word for choking traditions outdated and tired, predetermined paths that don't always have room to accommodate you. The Empire was all about legacies and it got them nowhere.” “The Empire fell because of the Skywalkers. Something I was under the impression you were trying to stop,” Hux pointed out. “Were it not for Luke Skywalker influencing Vader, the Emperor would have never fallen. Were it not for Leia Organa, the Noghri would have never been made aware of their situation, and Grand Admiral Thrawn would not have been killed- and he would have crushed the New Republic.” Ren's entire body twitched as though he'd been jolted, and Hux wondered where in his words the raw nerve had been touched. “And your Empire-loyal family didn't just set a legacy for you to follow blindly into, regardless of your own feelings?” Hux propped himself up on an elbow, ignoring the protesting twinge in his leg as he considered the vitriol, the anger in Ren's voice. “No. My parents supported me in everything. I wanted this life for myself. I put myself into the Academy, into my father's footsteps. My parents only encouraged me. I knew from a young age that I was destined for greatness, and I would let nothing stop me. ” “Not even the Commandant being assassinated?” Ren asked. “Some legacy to live up to. Let's hope no one puts a bullet in your head.” Hux went cold. “Get out.” Ren sat up, frowning. “I-” “Get. Out.” It was the only time Hux had ever seen Ren flinch from something he'd done or said. Hux pointed to the door, suddenly hating the taste of Ren in his mouth, hating the blooming bruises on his neck, shoulders and clavicle. “Get the hell out, Kylo Ren.” Ren quickly slid his mask on, gathered his things, and left the room without even putting his boots back on. Hux curled himself into a ball, pain stabbing through his chest as, unbidden, flashbacks flickered through his mind. …a whirl of motion, cacophony of screams and chaos, order falling into the cracks and discordance as crimson sprayed from the side of Commandant Hux’s head as he fell to the ground, uniform quickly soaking in the bright- too bright fluid- the life gone from him before his body was done falling. ...his step-mother’s scream as though she were the only one in the courtyard, her heartbreak rising her voice to heights and volumes normally inconceivable for a woman of her demeanour and size. ….kneeling in his blood, arms wrapped around his step-mother’s shoulders, holding her as she screamed her throat raw. ...a bouquet of flowers- meant to give to her step-son when he walked off the stage as a newly pinned Ensign. Flowers that she’d dropped as she fell to her husband’s side. ...the artful fade of white to red in the floral arrangement had been striking before- but the drops of blood that splattered across the petals now was horrifying. Gleaming like rubies on the soft petals, caught in the early morning light. For the first time in over a decade since his father's assassination, Hux cried. Outside the general's room, Ren was sitting on the floor in a heap, head throbbing from the migraine, and overwhelmed from the flashbacks Hux was suffering. He forced himself to get up, and he dragged himself to his room. For the first time since he had been named Master of the Knights of Ren, Kylo Ren felt guilty. Chapter 7 : Giving In Notes: Art for this chapter done, once again, by the wonderful GenerallyHuxurious <3333 “Barracks are complete, and the heating system is running, sir, shall we move in the troops?” “Affirmative, Captain. Move the tech teams as well as the geologists into the first two wings, then allow the rest to move in after them,” Hux replied. On the holo, Phasma inclined her head, the light glinting on her chrome helmet. “We will have them settled before sundown,” she confirmed. Hux lifted a brow. “Have you already been fitted, Captain?” He asked. Phasma's mask showed no emotion, but the slight hesitation in her reply spoke measures of her annoyance at the reminder. “No, General. The tailor is fitting me first thing in the morning.” “Very well, then. See you tomorrow, Captain.” “Good evening, General,” Phasma replied before cutting off the feed. Hux stood on the bridge, hands resting on the railing as he surveyed feeds of the construction progress relayed to him from the ground forces. It was going well, and fortune seemed to be favouring them. Not only had they been aided by the tunnels already in place from a mixture of nature and paranoid smugglers, but said tunnels had yielded ore that helped replenish their own supply. Between that and the fresh water, as well as some of the indigenous life being edible, and rather palatable, the Order hadn't had to move from the planet, and had been sustaining itself with few trips out of the system. Efficiency was always a way to keep the general in a good mood, and Hux was in a very good mood- enough to ignore that he needed to hold on to the railing to steady himself, and that he had crutches leaning against his command chair that he still needed to move more than twenty feet at a time. Still, it had been a pleasant enough day, and Hux was in a good mood- mostly because he hadn't seen Ren at all since he'd kicked him out of his room. Unconsciously, Hux's hand drifted up to his clavicle, where under the black cloth of his tunic and undershirt, the bruise Ren had left there with his mouth was now a motley mix of purple, blue, green and yellow. Despite how angry he'd been- still was- with Ren, he couldn't stop thinking about how good it had felt to have the Knight's mouth on his skin. Idiot, he thought tersely. Ruining what could have been a decent evening if he hadn't opened his void damned mouth. As if summoned by his bitter thoughts, Hux realised Ren was at his elbow. Hux flinched only slightly, taken aback by the man looming over his shoulder. He hadn't even noticed Ren coming up behind him. “Ren,” he said coolly. “Your shift is nearly over,” Ren replied, his voice low so that only Hux could hear. “Do you need assistance this evening?” Hux moaned to himself. He'd forgotten to tell Ren he'd be getting fitted this evening. He didn't see this going well. “Yes. A tailor is coming to fit me for dress whites- and you for some dress.... whatever it is you wear,” Hux said, pulling himself away from the railing and moving for his crutches. Ren didn't move, save for his head, following Hux's motions. “What.” “You heard me,” Hux groused, getting the crutches under his arms and moving to head off the bridge while nodding slightly to the officers saluting him as he left. Ren stood there a few moments more before striding off after Hux, his long legs letting him catch up easily. “Why?” He demanded. Hux grunted. “There will be a formal event once the weapon is finished,” he said. “For the representatives of the worlds allied with the Order. A celebration of our alliances and treaties, and showing a degree of transparency with their senators.” “That doesn't explain why I am being fitted,” Ren replied, sounding irritated. Hux sighed as he reached the lift and leaned against the wall of the small space, taking his weight off the crutches. His sides were throbbing from the crutches, skin irritated from the cloth of his uniform being rubbed against it. “Because you are going,” he said simply, massaging his side with a gloved hand. Ren tensed. “I don't think so.” “It's not open for negotiation, Ren. You, Phasma and I are the triumvirate of the Order and representatives of the Supreme Leader. It is necessary for us to make an appearance. You and Phasma won't be required to say anything to anyone- in fact, I would advise you not to say anything at all,” Hux said coolly. Ren made a soft sound of frustration and anger. “If anything, I am advised to bring you to act as my guard and silent intimidation factor,” Hux continued. This gave Ren pause. “Guard?” Hux let out a derisive snort as the lift stopped and the doors opened. Rearranging his crutches, he made his way out towards his quarters. Stubbornly, Ren followed him. “Why do you need a guard?” “Come now, Ren, don't be naïve,” Hux sneered. “You said it yourself, 'Let's hope no one puts a bullet in your head.' I am not blind to the fact that the Republic and the Resistance would love the opportunity to take me out. You're coming to this gala to prevent that. Assuming you can handle something like guarding a 'sycophant' against a sniper's rifle, that is.” He stopped at his door, swiping his key card, and noticed Ren had stopped a distance back, silently glowering. “My abilities are not at your beck and call whenever you wish, General,” Ren growled. Hux lifted a brow airily. “Really, then? Shall I inform the Supreme Leader why I had to push this social back so that my leg could heal?” There was an audible squeal of enamel on enamel as Ren ground his teeth behind his mask, and he turned on his heel, storming away. Hux called after him. “The tailor will here in two hours, Ren. It would behove you to be here!” I hate you. I know. That doesn't mean you get out of this, Ren. Ren showed up an hour early, despite his reservations. He wanted to argue with Hux on his attendance to this social the general had planned. He hated social gatherings, and he wasn't going to go without putting up a fight. Even if he had to admit that Hux was right – a thought that made him grit his teeth- and that he very well may need protection from enemies. He paused by Hux's door, ready to force it open, when he stopped. It was faint, but unmistakable. The stirring, sweeping, thrumming sound of string music, unfurling, coiling and undulating through the air. Low and melancholy, the song practically sang with sorrow and wistfulness. Was Hux listening to dusk music? Ren gently manipulated the door, and almost silently, with only a faint hiss, it slid open. Hux was not in the main receiving room, and the music- oddly clear and highly defined- was coming from his sleeping area. Peering around the corner, Ren blinked as he saw Hux sitting on his bed, a cello between his knees. His side was to Ren, but his eyes were closed as he leaned into the instrument, long pale fingers playing over the neck, the other hand drawing the bow over the strings. His face was utterly content, a small smile curling his mouth as he played. The way the general cradled the instrument in his hold was oddly intimate, and Ren almost considered leaving, but he stood, transfixed. Hux had stripped his greatcoat and tunic, his boots off, leaving his pants, socks and sleeveless under-shirt. Even though Ren had seen him without the coat, it still struck him how slender his arms were, how his chest was narrower than the bulk of his uniform led the eye to believe. His hair was still well groomed, and the removed articles of clothing were laid out neatly. Even in a private moment, one the general believed himself to be alone, he was still orderly. Ren stared, unsure what to do, but unable to move, not wanting to leave. The music was stirring feelings in his chest he wasn't capable of describing, feelings he didn't know how to explain. The movement of Hux's fingers over the neck, the stroking of the bow over the strings, had Ren mesmerised. The music swelled, crescendoed, the rich harmony filling the room, and the song evoked images of moonlit scenery he'd long tried to erase from his mind, memories of arms around his shoulders, of a soft voice that he wanted to forget singing gently in his ear. An ache, unlike anything he had felt in years, surged in his chest, and a hand flew to his sternum, grabbing at the black cloth of his shawl. Ren felt his chest hitch, a small sound escaping him as his knees wobbled. The music stopped abruptly. “...Ren?” Hux's voice was uncertain, apprehensive as he started. Ren straightened as Hux got unsteadily to his feet, laying his cello carefully beside his uniform, the bow resting beside it. Had Ren not seen Hux so content, so immersed in his playing, he would have smashed the instrument then and there, so deep was the cut that the melody had lanced through him. “You play well,” he managed. For the first time, Hux was at a loss, rubbing the back of his neck as he stood, reaching for a crutch. “Thank you.... you're here early.” Relieved to forget about the tugging of a polarity in his chest that threatened to bring him from the comfortable depths he'd fought so hard to sink to, Ren forced a scowl. “I don't see the point of being fitted for anything, especially dress clothes, for going with you to this event,” he said, glad for the change of environment. Hux scowled. “You're not getting dress clothes, Ren, just a cloak and cover that isn't ratted, and your overtunic will have a red trim. That's all.” Ren cocked his head. “You would want me wearing my mask, then?” “Yes. You are to be my guard, my intimidation factor. Phasma and I will be wearing dress whites. You won't have to say a word- I actually would advise you not say anything at all, unless it is to someone that is pushing their luck,” Hux replied. Ren was quiet, watching as the general moved rather awkwardly with the crutch to the main receiving area, sitting at the desk and pulling out a cigarra. Hux lit it, and took a long drag, leaning back in his chair to let smoke unfurl from his mouth. Ren lifted a brow. “Those are bad for you.” “So is destroying my ship, but you do it anyway,” Hux retorted blithely. “On a semi-regular basis. So was kissing you- and least that won't become a habit.” Ren clammed up at that and despite himself, his neck burned. He had no idea how to respond to that. Had his kiss been that horrible? No, he remembered Hux reacting- he'd enjoyed it, was almost willing to go further. It had been his comment about his father that had Hux kicking him out. One that likely was the cause of Hux's paranoia now about this looming social event. However, he wasn't going to apologise. “You enjoyed it,” he said instead. Hux didn't reply, taking another long drag of his cigarra as he reached over to pull a bottle of brandy from under his desk, followed by two glasses. He poured two fingers into each glass and held one out to Ren. Hesitantly, Ren took the glass, only taking a sip when Hux took a hard hit of his own. “I did,” Hux admitted. “You were not in your right state of mind, however, and I still question whether you truly meant it.” Ren swirled the amber fluid in the glass. It was sweet, and warmed his throat smoothly. It was obviously expensive. He expected no less from Hux, truth be told. “As I said. I was sound of mind, just in pain, and wasn't willing to posture at that point.” Hux looked at him from over the rim of his glass, a red eyebrow lifting. After a long silence, he set the glass down. “So tell me, Ren. Where do we stand? Was that simply a slip of professionalism, a momentary indulgence, or do you want more out of what transpired between us? Is it simply physical? What is it you want from me?” Ren swallowed, still tasting brandy on his tongue. He didn't answer, sitting on the sofa near Hux's desk. The general watched him, eyes as sharp and observant as ever, glittering with curiosity. Ren's throat stuck, and he had a hard time bringing words to his tongue and lips. Attachment. Sentiment. Those flaws were what caused the downfall of your grandfather. Weaknesses that brought the downfall of the Old Empire. Do not mistake the weakness of compassion for the strength of burning passion for your power, Kylo Ren. Snoke's words echoed in his head, and he took another sip of brandy, thinking. Hux watched patiently, putting out the now nearly depleted cigarra. Ren swallowed again. “Like I said. I wasn't asking you to marry me, Hux. I... admit, you're attractive, strong, and frustratingly, the only person who won't give in to me. You've even put me in my place, ordered me through blackmail, made me your servant.” The words were coming like vomit now, and he couldn't stop them. He wanted to blame the brandy, but that was a lie- and Ren was no lightweight, even if he barely touched alcohol. It was an infection under his skin, and he had to express the virulence before it consumed him alive. “I... I liked it. I liked having you tell me what to do. I didn't have to think, just do, instead of the constant guarding, thinking, weighing my responses and actions. It was... relief. Between that, the way your mind calms and silences my own chaotic thoughts...you give my mind stability. Between that, and my attraction to you, it spiralled out of control. I just... I wanted you. I still do.” Hux lifted a brow. “So what is it you want, Ren?” Ren downed the rest of his brandy. “I... I want-” He was interrupted by a knock at the door. “General? Tailor.” Hux glanced at Ren. “We will continue this after the fitting, if you care to stay afterwards. Shall I have dinner brought up for you?” He asked quietly. Ren could only nod as he put his mask on. Cutting things off now, leaving them as they were, was unthinkable. He'd couldn't stop now that he'd cut open this infection, and he wanted to know where Hux stood on the matter. “Enter,” Hux called. The door slid open, and a short stout woman with a severe grey bun entered with a droid behind her that was carrying a number of crates. Hux waved her to the table in front of his sofa. “Thank you, Linara,” Hux said amenably. “Lord Ren is rather impatient, so perhaps we can have him fitted first, seeing as it is only for a cape and overtunic?” He glanced at Ren, who, without a word, turned to look at the woman. Linara, to her credit, didn't flinch. “If that is acceptable with you, my Lord?” She asked respectfully. Ren inclined his head, and removed his cloak and overtunic to be measured. “Right then,” Linara said, deploying a small probe that hummed into life and began darting about Ren, measuring his arms, legs, shoulders, chest and waist with bright blue beams of light. It didn't take long before it beeped, and a telltale chimed on Linara's datapad. She nodded in satisfaction. “Thank you my Lord,” she said, inclining her head. Ren silently returned the gesture. “General?” Linara asked, turning to Hux. Hux stood, and Ren moved to support his side. Linara made no reaction to Ren helping the general out without being asked. “Pants?” She asked. Hux thinned his mouth. “Same measurements, Linara. I have kept to my weight ardently,” he said, his voice faintly tense. Linara shrugged. “Very well, General, though it may be loose in that calf once you get your cast removed. I'll come back for alterations a few days before the gala.” “Thank you,” Hux replied. He glanced at Ren. Thank you. Ren's reply was simply a mental grunt, too distracted by the talk they were about to have once they were done being fitted- and the curiosity of why Hux was suddenly so shy about taking off his pants, even for something as important as measurements for a set of dress whites. Linara's measurements took longer with Hux, as there were various articles to also weigh, compare and measure, as well as questions- did he want the greatcoat for this set to be longer, heavier, did he want the red or black trim, and would he prefer silver or gold metal for his medal settings? Finally, after everything was noted, measured, and recorded, after different cloth types and trim samples, coat linings and brocade bits were approved, Linara and her droid bid the two of them a good evening. Hux ordered them dinner, then moved to sit on the sofa. Ren joined him, taking off his mask and setting it on the table in front of them. Hux lifted his brows. “Now. Where were we?” “I want you,” Ren blurted. “I … I can't get attached, I'm not allowed, it's not a luxury I am permitted as a Knight of Ren.” “So you simply want to fuck me, is that it?” Hux asked, completely serious. Taken aback by the general's bluntness, all Ren could do was nod, and Hux was silent, watching him. “You piss me off,” Ren finally said. “I can't see us doing anything more than working together, sleeping together- even if I could permit myself trying a relationship with you, Hux. You don't give in, you're stubborn, arrogant, simpering...but you drive me mad. And don't deny that you want me, I've seen your thoughts.” “I already told you that I am hardly adverse to the idea, Ren.” “Then why did you stop me the last time?” Ren asked. “You had a migraine. I had a still relatively new break in my leg, and I didn't feel comfortable with the situation.... and as I said, there is something I need to tell you, before I take you to my bed,” Hux replied. “Tell me what?” They were interrupted once again as dinner arrived- Ren hurriedly shoved his mask on once more, and answered the door. Thankfully, it was a droid that had brought the trays, and no awkward situation was to be had. Bringing the trays back to the table, Ren sat back down beside Hux. “Tell me what?” He repeated as Hux poured wine from the bottle that had been delivered. Hux took a long quaff from the wine. “Don't get drunk,” Ren said. “I want sober honesty from you.” “I am hardly a lightweight, Ren. I can take at least three shots of unfiltered absinthe without passing out,” Hux said dryly, but there was a bitterness under the tone that had Ren wondering about the implications. “Also, I'm famished, let me eat a bit before I show you my throat, mm?” Ren took the mask off yet again and silently, the two men set to eating- though the silence was hardly as uncomfortable as it would have been months ago. After Hux had finished most of his meal, and a glass of wine, he wiped his mouth, and looked over at Ren- whose own plate was empty. “Hungry?” “I hadn't realised that I last ate 36 hours ago,” Ren admitted. Hux pursed his lips, but said nothing, getting to his feet. “When's the last time you took a shower?” Ren blinked at him. “What?” “You heard me. When was the last time you bathed? I like a hot shower after my meal- helps digestion- and your hair looks oily,” Hux said patiently. Ren frowned. “What about what you were going to tell me?” Hux made his limping way to his bedroom. “It'd be better if I showed you, really, and the best way to do that, is to prep for a shower. Are you coming or not?” He called over his shoulder before disappearing around the corner into the refresher. Ren got up, frustrated and curious all at once. In the 'fresher, Hux was shedding his shirt. He closed the lid on the toilet and sat down, shedding his boots. He looked up at Ren as he came into the room. “So... what is it you have to show me? The cast is a fake and you've been healed for a week or so now?” He said in a weak attempt at levity. Hux chuckled. “If only, then I could shed these damned crutches.” Boots off, hand against the wall to steady himself, Hux waved off Ren's forward motion to help him. Using his free hand, he unbuckled his pants and let them drop to the floor, stepping out of them, then peeled off his briefs. Standing in just his cast, Hux turned to face Ren. Ren blinked- mostly at the fact that Hux was now naked in front of him, but also at the mild confusion, because Hux naked was not what he'd imagined. The wide shoulders, the slender chest and arms, he'd seen. The soft belly didn't take him by surprise at all, given Hux's appetite and love for food. His hips were wider than he'd assumed, and- “Oh. You're trans,” Ren said, and his tone was that of someone who felt bad for missing something obvious for a long time. Hux nodded, his grey-green eyes searching Ren's face, looking for a hint of discomfort, of revulsion- anything negative. He was surprised and relieved to see only appreciation. “This doesn't bother you?” “Should it?” Ren asked. “This doesn't change who you are, Hux. Nor does it change the fact that I still want you- my attraction to you had nothing to do with what parts you have.” He paused, not breaking his gaze from Hux's. “Thank you,” he said. “For trusting me with this.” “You showed me your throat by admitting you want me, that you like me ordering you around, by revealing you like having me around to calm your mind. So, I showed you my throat and all that I am,” Hux said evenly as he turned to start the shower, hot water steaming from the dual showerheads. “Though, as of right now, you are wildly overdressed for a shower.” Ren removed his clothing faster than he'd ever done before, then stood there, feeling awkward. What did he do now? As though sensing his doubts, Hux turned, and took Ren by the hand, pulling him into the shower. Hot water streamed over both of them, soaking their hair and sluicing over their bodies, which were so different once exposed. “May I?” Hux asked, his hand reaching towards Ren's chest. Ren nodded, his mouth dry, and Hux ran long fingers- musician's fingers, came the errant thought- over Ren's muscular chest, skimming down over his abs. “You can touch me, too, Ren,” he murmured, fingertips tracing over the planes of his stomach. When Ren hesitated, his voice grew firmer. “Ren. Touch me.” The command had Ren reacting immediately, his fingers trailing down Hux's chest, along his clavicle and shoulders. He paused with a wide grin as he saw the silver barbells in Hux's nipples for the first time. The General was full of surprises, it seemed. His grin faltered and turned to a look of curiosity, then: “No scars?” “I started hormone therapy when I was a child,” Hux said, hands slipping over Ren's narrow hips and back over his taught ass. “I told my parents I was a boy when I was eight. My father, all too happy to have a son to carry on his legacy, was supportive. He started me on puberty blockers, and later, testosterone. I never developed breasts, and never needed the surgery," Hux explained, but there was something careful in his pacing, bitter in his tone. Ren didn't push it- this was delicate conversation. “It must have been nice, having parents that supported you like that,” Ren said, his own voice bitter and jealous. Hux pressed a kiss to the hollow of Ren's throat as he pushed closer under the spray of hot water. “We're not talking about our parents. We're learning about each other, and what we want, Kylo Ren,” Hux murmured. “Touch me.” “I am,” Ren said, his hands running small circles over the small of Hux's back. “You're being chaste.” “I don't know how to... and respect your personal boundaries, Hux,” Ren admitted. “I don't... what do you call it? What should I not call it?” Hux chuckled, and ceased the exploration of the lines of Ren's hips as he took one of the Knight's hands in his own. Locking eyes with him, Hux pulled Ren's hand and slid it between his thighs. He pressed fingers against his clit, which was becoming engorged, emerging from its hood. “I call this my cock, because it very well behaves just like yours, save for ejaculation, and it's smaller,” Hux explained. He moved Ren's fingers down over his folds, then between them, pressing shaking fingertips into his wet heat. “This is my cunt, yes, I call it that, and yes you can call it that as well,” Hux said, noticing the look of doubt on Ren's face. “And no, I don't mind being penetrated there. I prefer it, actually.” “I was going to ask,” Ren said, sounding relieved. “Ask. I promise, considering your reaction to my gender, you will be far more considerate than others I have slept with,” Hux reassured him. Ren curled his fingers inside Hux, and the general stiffened with a moan. Ren pressed his mouth to Hux's ear. “Can I bathe you?” “I was about to ask you the same,” came Hux's throaty reply. “Ask me? Or command me?” Hux pressed his forehead to Ren's, their chests meeting, hips dangerously close. “Not this first time. I want us to learn about one another, our boundaries and limits as equals, because despite what our past interactions have led the ship and its crew to believe, I do respect you, Kylo Ren,” Hux said softly before kissing him. Ren moved his hands to encircle his arms around Hux's waist, pulling him in to deepen the kiss, biting gently at the general's lower lip. Hux sighed through his nose and threaded arms around the Knight's shoulders, grinding his hips against Ren's- and was delighted to find that his groin was pressing against a very engorged erection. Ren broke their kiss, and turned to the shelf- and blinked in dismayed confusion at the plethora of products there. Hux chuckled and handed him the body wash. “Use your hands?” Ren wasted no time, lathering up his hands and running them over Hux's body, fingertips drinking in every wet, freckled inch. He slipped fingers around and over Hux's cock, between his folds, but kept his soaped up fingers out of his cunt- he knew that much, at least, that soap did not go in there. As Hux turned in the water, letting Ren rinse him off, he lathered up his own hands and started similar worship of Ren's body, lingering over the moles on his pale skin, flicking at nipples with fingertips, then teasing at his bellybutton. Finally- finally- his hands encircled his cock, cupped his balls, and massaged them, soaping them up and giving him a gentle scrub. A finger slid between the swollen head and the partially retracted foreskin, washing careful, attentively, and Ren pressed his hips into the touch with a moan. “Good?” Ren's reply was a grunt as Hux withdrew his hands and began rinsing him off. They kissed again, a tangle of lips, tongue and teeth, fingers in hair, or nails skimming over wet skin in Ren's case, slipping two digits into Hux's cunt and making curling motions as he sunk them in to the second knuckle. Hux gasped and clung to Ren, his good leg shaking at keeping most of the weight off his bad leg. Ren realised that this was likely too much stress on his leg, and he reached out, shutting the water off. “Bed?” He managed. Hux nodded, and without drying off, Ren scooped him up and carried him into the bedroom. For the first time, Hux had no complaints about being carried, using the opportunity to start suckling at one of Ren's nipples, flicking it with his tongue and listening to Ren groan. “....do you prefer being on top?” Ren asked as he stopped at the foot of Hux's bed. Hux snickered. “You know me too well- or you've been dwelling on that fantasy of mine.” “I have,” Ren admitted as Hux nipped at his neck. “... I have a confession to make, though.” Hux tilted his head. “What's that?” “I... haven't done this before.” “That's fine, Ren. That means I get to teach you what makes me feel good, and what I know feels good for you, and you learn right off the bat,” Hux said matter-of-factly, without the faintest hint of mockery or amusement at Ren's lack of experience- which made Ren feel all the more comfortable, and all the more in want of him. “Set me down and lay on your back. I'll straddle you,” Hux said. Ren set him down gently on his feet, waiting until he saw Hux was stable before sprawling on his back as instructed. Hux moved over him, straddling his hips. “First things first...” he murmured, leaning over and reaching into the drawer of his nightstand. He pulled out a bottle of lube, and squeezed some of the contents into his fingers. Capping the bottle and tossing it aside, he began running the fluid over Ren's cock. Ren moaned and watched as Hux artfully lubed him up. “There. No need to make this uncomfortable,” Hux said before moving his hips over Ren's and teasing the head of his cock with his wet folds, running his own cock over Ren's. Ren hissed and bucked his hips. “Hux...” “Patience, Ren,” Hux murmured, reaching between his legs and spreading his folds before nudging his entrance against the head of Ren's cock. He wiggled, pushed a bit, then sank down a few inches before pulling up again. Ren tossed his head back into the pillows with a moan, and his hands clutched at Hux's hips. Hux, using thigh muscles to keep Ren from pulling him onto his length completely, made a few more up and down motions before finally taking all of Ren's length into him. “Ren...” Hux moaned. “Stars, you're thick.” Ren was too disoriented by the warm, wet friction of Hux's cunt around his cock to reply as the general began rocking on top of him. Long fingered hands rested on Ren's chest to support Hux's body as he moved his hips, making long, stroking motions, his spine flexing with the movement. “So... so warm,” Ren managed. Hux leaned down and kissed him. “You have a thick cock, Ren. It feels amazing inside my cunt,” he purred. “Ren... touch my cock? Take it between your fingers. Rub it, pull on it just a bit.” Ren did as he was asked, rolling, rubbing and gently tugging on Hux's cock, running the pad of his thumb over the head. Hux groaned and bucked hard against Ren's hips. The reaction was incredibly arousing to Ren and he thrust upward into the general with renewed desire. “Fuck... Ren...” Hux panted, pressing harder onto him. “Don't stop that.” “Don't stop what you're doing- Hux... I think I'm about to come...” Ren managed, cheeks burning with embarrassment. “Then come. It's okay,” Hux replied breathily. “It's your first time, it's okay.” “Do I... do I pull out?” “No. No need. Come inside me, Kylo Ren.” “Are you close?” Hux leaned forward to kiss him, biting at his lower lip. “Keep jacking off my cock and keep thrusting with me,” he said, taking advantage of the coarse hair of Ren's groin against his sensitive folds adding to the sensation of Ren's hand on his cock and Ren's cock in his cunt. “Hux… going to- I….” “Come for me,” Hux crooned. “Come. Fill me up, Ren.” Hux's alarm clock shuddered on the bedside table, the display flickering. Hux gave a squeeze with his kegels, and Ren jerked violently under the general, his fingers curling away from Hux's cock as they clenched bloody crescents into his palms. His toes curled, his head snapped back, and the alarm clock shorted out and fell to floor as Ren lost control. A string of curses, Hux's name woven through them like a prayer, escaped his mouth as he spilled into Hux. “Hux.... fuck.” “Cock, Ren...” Hux said quietly. “Almost there.” Able to focus again, Ren resumed his attention, and after a few seconds, Hux tensed. “Right there- right there Ren,” Hux hissed as he changed the angle of his hips slightly, moving his hips as fast as he could before Ren's cock could go completely limp. The head of Ren's cock hit just what he was looking for, and between the jolt that ran through him, and Ren's fingertips rubbing, rolling and flicking his own cock, Hux was shouting curses in Chandrilan a few minutes later. He collapsed on top of Ren, shaking, his pulse pounding in his ears. Both men were covered in sweat, limbs tangled, their bodies still conjoined in a sticky wet mess. Hux, a man who loved cleanliness and order, didn't mind in the slightest. Ren, who was a creature of chaos, couldn't have been more content. The two men laid there quietly for a few minutes, before Ren guiltily looked over at the nightstand where the clock had once been. “Sorry,” he mumbled, voice thick, hazy and sleepy with afterglow contentment. Hux mumbled dismissively. “It isn't the first tech you've destroyed on the ship, and at least this time, you're not entirely to blame for it,” Hux teased, voice throaty as he folded his arms on top of Ren's chest, resting his chin on them to look into his face. Hooded, glittering eyes, flushed cheeks, swollen lips and sweat glistening on his forehead, Ren was utterly beautiful to Hux at that moment. All the more so, because he hadn't questioned, hadn't balked, and had respected him as the man he was. Ren lazily trailed undefined shapes over Hux's back. He had never expected this to happen, and months ago, he would have thought it impossible, but now, he was glad it had happened, and was glad to have resolved some of the tension between them. However, he still felt... unfulfilled. Unsatisfied. Physically, he was blown away. Mentally, however, he wanted more. “Good?” Hux murmured, his eyes drooping as the post-sex drowsiness started to hit him. “It was... But...” Hux's eyes fully opened. “But?” “Next time? Please... order me around? Tell me what to do? I... I need that. I want it,” he said quietly. Hux tilted his head. “You want me to completely dominate you, don't you?” Ren nodded, and Hux smiled. It was a tight, wolfish grin, predatory and hungry- and it had Ren's stomach fluttering in excitement. “Then next time, I will- but we need to talk limits, safe words, the like. You may want me to dominate you, but I want you to remember that you're still human, and safe with me, and I won't hurt you in ways you don't want me to, understand?” Hux inquired, pulling himself off of Ren at last. Ren nodded. “I do.” “Good,” Hux replied. “Now. Come. Let's wash up.” “Again?” Ren asked in disbelief. Hux gave him a Look. “If you think for an instant that I am going to bed with semen caked between my legs, only to give myself an itchy crotch for a week, you are mistaken, Ren. Now get in this shower and wash me.” Ren grinned, almost stupidly, as he got up and trailed after Hux into the 'fresher obediently. He had no idea how things were going to go between them now, at least outside of the bedroom, but so far, he was liking where it was going. A reprieve from the training, from the chaos of his mind, a way to let go, get stability, to give up and let someone else take control that couldn't see into his head and find his weaknesses. Hux had a head start on him in these kinds of things- but at least he seemed to be willing to give him the chance to catch up. And with any luck, he'd be able to keep up. “So... do I need to leave after this?” Ren asked as Hux started up the shower again. Hux looked over his shoulder. “If you want... but I wouldn't object to you staying,” he said softly, pulling Ren back into the hot water. Ren dipped his head and placed a bruising kiss to Hux's neck, leaving a new mark against pale freckled skin. “I will,” he replied against the soft skin. When they finally tucked into bed, Ren nearly passed out almost immediately as he curled behind Hux, nestling into him. Hux's shampoo smelled of lavender, his body wash of amber and black current. A relaxing, and calming scent- though Hux told him he had a completely different shampoo for the morning to wake him up. Still, between his afterglow, the warm shower, Hux's body curled against him, and the soft bed, he was asleep in minutes. “Thank you,” Hux said softly into the darkness as he cuddled closer, enjoying Ren's arms around him. His reply was a sleepy, throaty hum. Hux closed his eyes, and soon was asleep as well, lulled by Ren's heartbeat against his back, and his warmth encompassing him. Both men slept better that night than they had in years. Chapter 8 : Admissions and Assassinations Notes: Art for this chapter commissioned from Schaloime! He was alone, as far as he could see, but from what he could sense, could hear, Brendol Hux II knew he was surrounded. Eyes stared down at him from lofty heights in the shadows, their gazes piercing his naked skin. Every freckle, every scar, every minute imperfection , all laid bare before the invisible multitude that scrutinised him. He could almost pass for his father. Almost. He's too thin. Too narrow. Has his mother's hands. That's not all of his mother he has. Hard to tell whose spine holds him so rigidly. Why doesn't he speak? He still hasn't opened his eyes. Is he conscious? Oh, he is. He felt hands touch his cheeks, fingers brush over his lips. Something soft, but heavy, was rested on his head. The scent of blood and flowers, a sickly sweet mix that mirrored the stench of decay, rushed over his nose. He didn't need to open his eyes to know that the flowers were as red as those on the day that the blood of his namesake stained the air. Their weight was heavier than any burden of rank he'd ever attained. A single light came on, flooding the darkness. Hux finally opened his eyes, seeing his shadow stretch impossibly far as the light flooded the massive chamber behind him. At the end of the chamber, a figure, barely illuminated, stood stiffly, expectantly. Hux finally reacted- a sharp intake of breath, the slightest increase of heart rate, the widening of grey-green eyes. He'd know that figure anywhere. Pressed uniform, neatly trimmed dark brown beard that shone, bright grey eyes glittering, arms folded behind him as he stood in parade rest, Brendol Hux Sr stood there, staring at him. Finding himself clothed in an all too familiar uniform, a cadet's badge on his chest, Hux lifted his hand towards the figure. His muscles flexed, coiled, readied themselves to move, when the sound of a boot heel clicking on the floor behind him had his body freezing in place once more. He glanced over his shoulder, hesitating. He knew this figure more than he wanted to admit- and would never forget it, despite his protestations that said otherwise. Ren stood there silently, his tattered cloak rustling in an unseen breeze, and the stone floor turned to snow under his feet. His mask was gone, his hood thrown back. His lightsaber was drawn, crackling, sputtering and flickering like a dying flame. His face was nearly unrecognisable, a mess of cauterised flesh, blood and a broken nose, a rapidly blooming black eye and a torn lower lip. The snow steamed slightly as blood dripped steadily from a wound in his side that looked like raw ground meat- bright red against the black of his armour. His expression was pained, plaintive. Hux turned, and his cadet's uniform was gone, replaced with the heavy greatcoat, his black General's trappings. He winced as he felt his lip split, felt heat on the side of his face. Ren fell to his knees, lightsaber going out. “Hux...” Hux hesitated. He glanced behind him, and to his horror, saw his father crumpling to his knees as well, blood trickling down the side of his face. “...Son.” Hux froze, torn between the two, watching as each man to either side of him slowly bled out onto the white- snow under Ren's knees, white petals under the Commandant's. “No... you said I was useless. I only mattered once I claimed to be the son you wanted, and had killed in your Academy. A worthless bastard, that only mattered once I fought to the top of the Academy," he snapped, suddenly all too aware of how his father was too trim, too well kept, nothing like the large, loud and cold man that had ignored him most of his life. Ren fell onto his back, a wet, choking sound erupting from his throat. Hux whipped his head around towards the fallen Knight. Panic rose in his chest, and he took a heavy, weighted step towards Ren. Behind him, his father whispered his name. Hux didn't look back. "Thin as a scrap of paper, and just as useless," he said, his voice a thin sheet of ice cracking over roiling water. He took another sluggish step towards Ren, then another. Each step he took grew lighter, easier, but his uniform felt heavier in turn. He paid it no mind as he finally was able to run to Ren's side, kneeling beside him in the snow. “Ren...” “You... chose me,” the younger man managed in disbelief. Hux gnawed at his split lip. “Because you value me, you know my worth. ...and I still need you alive, Ren.” Ren reached up with a bloody hand and trailed fingertips over gold chains looping from one coat lapel to a shoulder that Hux hadn't noticed. Over red and gold brocade. “You will need me for a great deal in the future, Brendol Hux,” he said quietly, his voice suddenly very calm, and very deadly, brown eyes burning into Hux's. Traitor. The word was a guttural hiss, the speaker unidentifiable, disembodied, and surrounded Hux like a mist, ringing, hanging in his ears like the reverberations of a bell. Hux wildly scanned the woods for the source, but found nothing- and likewise, found nothing in his arms, Ren having faded completely. More of his mother.... but which one? Hux sat up with a start, the taste of copper and salt in his mouth. His heart pounded in his chest, sweat glistening on his skin. His room was dark, and empty. He frowned, disoriented, then realised that Ren had been in his bed, his room. Had being the operative word, Hux mused as he got out of bed and roamed his quarters. The Knight was nowhere to be seen, and his clothes were no longer in the refresher. The trays that had once held their dinner were gone, and further prodding revealed that Ren had tucked the bottle of wine into his cooler. Hux almost found himself wishing Ren had still been there. His dream was crawling through his mind like an unwanted visitor, and he wondered if he should tell Ren about it. “No. I think not,” he said aloud to avoid thinking it loudly enough for Ren to hear, since it seemed he was incapable of thinking to where the Knight couldn't hear him. He snorted. Oh, the irony. He called Ren mad for having such faith in the Force, yet the man had him talking to himself because of it. He dressed, made his bed- and tried to ignore the fact that the sheets still smelled of the night before- then headed to the bridge for the day's work. All day, he tried, rather futilely, to ignore the fact that he could feel Ren's seed slowly leaking out of him, soaking his briefs. When he finally retired for the evening, he was so aroused, he didn't even bother changing out of his uniform before pleasuring himself to the point of collapse- all the while thinking of how Ren had bucked and writhed under him. Still, nothing from Ren. No thoughts, no visit, not even the prying eyes that he so often felt. It was then that Hux surmised that Ren was not on the Finaliser. The thought had his stomach in knots for various reasons. Had he left because he couldn't stand what he'd done with him? Did he just need to clear his head? Or- his heart raced, his face becoming deathly pale- did Snoke know? Hux didn't eat much of his dinner that night, his shower was quick, and sleep only came when extra melatonin was administered. Thankfully, his sleep was dreamless that evening. Hux didn't see Ren again for nearly two months. By the time Ren returned, the base's main infrastructure was ready for occupation, and the core had already been tapped, the containment field oscillators well under way. Hux finally saw him in the new chamber that had been excavated and outfitted for proper meetings with the Supreme Leader- in an actual meeting. Hux had steeled his thoughts, drowned himself in reports, and shoved his dream and all thoughts of Ren aside as he entered the cavernous chamber. Ren was already there, rising to his feet silently as Hux approached. He didn't even acknowledge Hux's presence as Snoke focused those unsettling cobalt eyes on the general. Hux bowed smoothly, his leg in a walking cast that was slim enough to fit under his pants, and he walked without a limp- with effort that had his leg throbbing. He'd left his greatcoat outside the chamber on a hook out of respect for the Supreme Leader, and so he could bow without the heavy garment falling to the floor gracelessly. “Supreme Leader,” he said humbly, waiting for the dismissive sound to rise. “You have done well, General,” Snoke said in that calm, deep and ragged voice of his. “Construction is moving faster than predicted. We will soon have the Starkiller operational nearly six months ahead of schedule if your men are to be believed.” Hux inclined his head again. “Yes, Supreme Leader. Once we have completed the oscillators, it will be almost child's play to finish the rest. The planet has had many natural resources which have aided our work beyond prediction of production rates we had initially laid out. Resources which have not yet been depleted.” “Good,” Snoke said, clearly pleased. “Then the move shall commence.” Hux blinked. “Forgive me, Supreme Leader, but... move?” “You will be transferring to the base, effective immediately. Kylo Ren shall be given command of the Finaliser ,” Snoke clarified. Ren was still silent, and utterly still- Hux almost forgot he was there. Just as well, as Hux was shocked with the news. Moved from his ship? Off the Finaliser ? And for what? Sensing Hux's confused dismay, Snoke waved dismissively. “You will be given command of the entire base, General. Fear not, I still have many uses left for your strategic mind.” A final dismissal. “Now go, and inform Captain Phasma to move the ground forces into their new barracks, effectively immediately, with the rotating schedule as planned.” Hux bowed one last time, then turned smartly and left the chamber. Behind him, Ren was still a silent, unmoving shadow. Hux had the feeling that training had to do with his absence now, and that it was going to be discussed without him there. It was still sinking in- command of the entire planet. A planet that, once construction was complete, would be mobile. He didn't know how to feel about it. The Finaliser had become like his home. It would take some getting used to, sleeping without the thrum of the engines, the steady environment of the massive starship around him. ...and Ren was taking control of it. Did that mean he wouldn't be seeing much of Ren? Would Ren be taking the ship to various places? So many questions. Hux wondered if Ren would be able, or willing to answer any of them- assuming Ren even wanted to see him again. The Knight had seemed... unsatisfied, unfulfilled, and had disappeared that night, likely long before Hux had even begun to wake up. Hux had no regrets- he wasn't about to break a virgin in with rough domination, despite what said virgin claimed to want. Even a Knight of Ren needs to understand boundaries, consent and comfort zones, Hux thought to himself, scowling as he grabbed his greatcoat off the hook and slipped it over his shoulders. He didn't have time to dwell on it now, in any case. He had work to do- like getting his things moved to his new quarters. He hailed Phasma, sending her the orders, and sent a request to have his effects brought down to the surface. A squadron of troopers coming in with fresh kills from the forests loaded on transport had him remembering that he hadn't eaten at all since the night before, and he made a note to order something while he worked on his requisitions. Hux cast one last glance at the chamber door behind him before heading to his chambers to oversee the relocation of his effects. He would have to wait for Ren to come to him- if he did at all. Hux paused, spoon halfway to his mouth as he glanced over information from some of politicians. Chatter was increasing about the upcoming gala, and the Senators were having difficulty speaking of anything else. Hux only hoped that his agents could keep things under wraps, lest things get out to the Resistance or the Republic about it. His security at the event should suffice, he reassured himself. Especially with Ren and Phasma there. He was still a nervous wreck over it, despite himself. The dream he'd had months ago was still plucking at the strings of his mind, making his anxiety worse. He hadn't dreamt of his father in years- why would he now? He shoved the spoon in his mouth, barely tasting the stew he was wolfing down. No, it hadn't been just his father, though. His family, his teachers, friends of the family, they'd all been judging his naked form, his aunt- he knew it was her, despite seeing no face- placing the flowers on his head. And then Ren.... A knock on the door broke his train of thought. “Enter,” he answered carelessly, shoving another spoonful in his mouth before pushing his bowl away to receive the visitor. The door opened, and Ren lingered, his posture that of someone who was about to fall over. Hux lifted a brow at the masked figure, but waved him in. Ren came inside- and locked the door behind him. “Hux,” he began, but was cut off. “Ren, I really don't want to fight with you, and I can tell you're not here to be social because you're wearing that damned mask,” Hux said indifferently, pulling his bowl back towards him, spooning up some more stew as he picked up his datapad again. Ren took off his mask, and Hux blinked to see that Ren looked awful. His face was gaunt, eyes dark with bags under them, his skin paler than ever, and his hair looked- there was no other term for it but disgusting, in how it was stringy, lank and hung around his face. It looked as though Ren had just gotten back from two solid weeks without sleep, food or a bath. As he approached, Hux could see his knees shaking slightly. “What in the void do you do when you go out for those long spells, Ren?” Hux asked quietly. Ren shook his head. “Can't talk, just... can I sit by you for a while?” he asked as he came around the corner of Hux's desk. Hux covered his mouth as he caught the scent of blood, sweat, dirt and raw metal hanging around Ren. “You need a bath, Ren, not a spell of sitting by me,” he managed, pushing his almost empty bowl away for good this time, appetite gone. At least he'd eaten most of it before Ren had spoiled his hunger. “Head,” Ren managed. “And a bath, food, sleep, will all help with that, Ren. Go to your quarters, I'll have someone bring you food while you bathe,” Hux insisted, wishing Ren would just go, he smelled awful. Like death. “Before. Your thoughts. Help chaos....Please?” Ren begged, his speech halting as he plopped to the floor next to Hux's chair in a tangle of cloth and limbs that suddenly looked too long for his body, given how pale and gaunt he looked. Hux could see the vein throbbing in his forehead. Also, to his growing alarm, he noticed the muscles of the right side of his face starting to go slack, the eyelid, the corner of his mouth starting to droop. “Ren,” he snapped, ignoring how dirty he was and taking the Knight's face in his hands. “Ren, look at me. Can you tell me where you are?” Ren focused one good eye on him. “Ssshhtarkiller Baaasshe,” he slurred. Hux swore. "Can you move your hand?” He asked, picking up Ren's right hand. “Come on. Hold it up for me.” He let go, and the hand immediately dropped back to Ren's side. Hux sat on the floor beside Ren, cupping his face in his hands. Ren winced as Hux tilted his head up, shying away from the light with a hiss about lines and sparks. Hux sighed mildly in relief- migraine, then, not a stroke. He got up, pulling ice from his glass and wrapping it in his napkin, clean side out. “Come here, Ren,” he said, not expecting a reply as he sat back down in his chair and gently pulling Ren close by the shoulder, he ran the icy cloth over Ren's forehead and temples in small circles. Ren shuddered, eyes closing, and Hux purposely went back to thinking about the work he'd be attending to earlier. Ren had said his orderly thoughts helped him sort through the chaos of his own mind, so Hux obliged by going back to work. Ren made a rather pathetic sound, and he attempted to move into Hux's lap. Hux curled his lip, pushing Ren down. “No,” he said firmly, feeling like he was talking to a wild animal. However, he let Ren fold his arms over his lap. Ren sighed, and rested his cheek on his arms, using Hux's thighs as a pillow as he leaned heavily against his chair. “What the void is he having you do?” Hux murmured, still running small circles over Ren's temples and forehead as he went back to his work. Ren's reply was a low throaty sound that was broken into multiple churring bits as his neck muscles didn't fully cooperate. Otherwise, his eyes stayed closed, and he continued leaning into the cold cloth. “If your hair wasn't so filthy, I'd run my fingers through it, but it's disgusting, Ren. You're like a dirty vornskr that got his paw caught in a thorn bush, begging for soothing skritches from his master,” Hux sighed after a long silence. Ren made no reply, his breathing becoming deeper, slower. Hux peered down and saw his eyes were still shut, his mouth partly open, his arms limp. He'd fallen asleep in Hux's lap. Hux's expression softened, and he trailed fingers over Ren's neck, thinking about his comment about Ren being a vornskr. “You really are, though, aren't you?” He murmured. “A vornskr dealing with having his tail cut off and trying not to succumb to domestication.” Hux eyed the datapads on his desk. He didn't want to wake Ren up, not now that the man was finally getting rest when he desperately needed it- he also didn't want to move him so soon after a hemiplegic migraine. He might as well finish his work while Ren was out cold. Against his better judgement, Hux slipped on his gloves, then ran leatherbound fingers through Ren's sweaty, unwashed hair. Ren made a soft sound in his throat, leaning into the touch. “You’re a wild vornskr, Ren,“ Hux murmured, running fingers through the dozing Knight’s hair, fingertips scraping gently over his scalp. "Eventually, I will tame you, and call you Kylo.” Ren made no reply, out cold, and with a small smile, Hux went back to his work. Teach me! Ren paused, lightsaber crackling in his hand, and he looked up, snow drifting to fall on his face, clinging in his hair. Above him, trees rustled in a cold wind, rocking as they reached impossibly high to a night sky, stars hidden by thick clouds. You promised! Will you finally show me how? Ren frowned. This voice calling, echoing through the woods was young, and unfamiliar, yet he felt an ache, a longing in his bones that pulled him towards the sound. You promised you would teach me! Ren shut his lightsaber off, moving through the snow to find the source of the voice, and whomever they were talking to. Silence answered the young voice, and his footsteps echoed as boots crunched through snow and matted leaves and twigs. I found it, just like you asked! Will you teach me now? A girl emerged from the woods, dressed in a simple black tunic, pants and boots. Her gleaming black hair was pulled back in a braid that was coiled at the back of her head in a single bun. Intense brown eyes, flecked with green, glittered at him as she approached with all the vigour of a youth beyond excited at the promise of a challenge. She reminded him of himself. Look! Her voice echoed around him, and her mouth didn't open, as she held out her hands, a small crystal glittering in her grasp as she showed him her prize. Ren knew it at once to be a kyber crystal. What was this girl doing with it? What did she want from him? “Who are you?” he demanded, his voice oddly disembodied, and he realised his mask was on again. She simply smiled at him, and Ren felt his stomach bottom out, his heart aching as it recognised, loved this girl that was a stranger to him. A laugh echoed around him, and she held the crystal out again, insistently. Will you show me, Father? Ren awoke with a start, drenched in a cold sweat that, at first, he thought was the snow that had been falling on him. Disoriented, he looked around the room, not recognising it. The room was sparsely furnished, but what furnishings there were, were all expensive and elegant, all in shades of black and silver. The bed he rested on was familiar- this was Hux's bed. He remembered the sheets, the obscene and unnecessary number of pillows. The sound of a telltale beeping from the other room had his attention, and carefully, he swung his feet out of bed and stood. Mildly dizzy, he gave himself a moment to let his equilibrium regain its centre, then headed out into the next room. Hux looked up at him from his terminal, blinking, then got up and headed towards him. “Feeling better?” “What happened?” Ren asked, frowning. He didn't remember anything, save for coming to Hux's door, asking to sit there, and then... black. He scowled as Hux prodded at his face, and he swatted the hand away. “What are you-” “You had a hemiplegic migraine,”Hux replied, moving away to his caff maker to pour another cup once he was satisfied that Ren was alright. “You sat beside my chair, rested your head in my lap while I rubbed your temples with ice, and you passed out. You suffered hemiplegia and aphasia. Once I was done with my work, I dragged you into the refresher, bathed you, treated your wounds, and tucked you into my bed. You may want to wash yourself in another shower, however, I simply scrubbed your torso and limbs- I left your hips alone since you were unconscious.” Ren blinked, noticing the bandages on his arms and shoulders for the first time- small bacta patches, carefully placed over the cuts and bruises he'd sustained during his training. He ran fingers over them, frowning. “Why?” Hux blinked at him over the rim of his mug- which, to Ren's annoyed amusement, was simply black with the stripes of his rank wrapped around it. “Why what?” “Why did you... you let me stay. You were respectful of me being unconscious. You put me in your bed. Are you in love with me, Hux?” Ren was serious, but couldn't help but sneer. He was cornered, vulnerable, and his natural reaction was to lash out, to snap and bite. Hux set his mug down on his desk, and approached Ren, putting hands on his shoulders and pushing him backwards until his back hit the wall. His steely eyes never left Ren's, and he crushed a bruising kiss against his mouth, fingers digging into shoulders. Ren could taste his caff, the tingle of nicotine, the herbal bite of his cigarra, the flavour of smoke on his lips and tongue before Hux broke it off. “I don't love you. I'm not foolish enough to waste time on love, Kylo Ren,” he murmured, their mouths a breath apart. “I simply want to own you, command you, bend you, make you mine.” “Then why are you so tender with me? That's not what I want, what I came to you for, and you know it,” Ren hissed. Hux bit his bottom lip, moving one hand from a shoulder to painfully dig his thumb into the dip of his clavicle, the other slipping into tangled hair and pulling hard making Ren tilt his head back. Ren moaned in spite of himself, fingers gripping into the fabric of Hux's black tank. “Trust,” Hux said simply. “You can't just dominate, hurt, own someone without trust. I won't break, won't dominate someone without consent, without boundaries and clear lines I know not to cross.” He pulled back, staring right into Ren's face. “Aftercare is important. Physical and mental care are as important as consent, trust and respect, Ren. I know your limits are higher than that of a mortal man, but you're inexperienced, and you're wild. Domestication, domination, breaking in, those things take time and education. Do you think that I was being soft? I was testing your willingness, your desire to obey, and you do, you want to obey me- but now I need to know where your lines are.” Ren blinked. “When?” “When I told you to bathe with me. When I told you to touch me. When you set me down, and laid on your back as I told you to. When you followed me back into the shower. Gentle orders, commands, but you followed them.” Ren considered, remembering. Hux was right- his instructions, his commands, they'd been gentle, enough to come across as requests, but he'd followed them with only minimal questioning at most, if at all. Hux simply lifted a brow, daring Ren to deny it. Ren let his head fall back against the wall with a resigned sigh. “That's why you left, isn't it?” Hux asked quietly. “You thought I was too soft for your needs- when you don't even know what you really want. Not yet.” Ren nodded slightly. Hux took his chin in a hand and made Ren look at him. “That is why I didn't command you. I want to dominate you, but I won't take advantage of your inexperience, just as I didn't take advantage of you being unconscious last night.” Hux bit at his neck, leaving a mark. “But I want you, Ren. Not just in my bed. I want you under my heel, I want you calling me Sir, Master. I want to bend, to break you. I want to leave bruises on your skin for every inch of damage you do to my ship, my base,” he murmured, laving his tongue over the red mark his teeth had left. “My ship,” Ren corrected him. Hux's eyes flashed. “I'm sorry, but I don't think I heard you correctly. Did you say your ship?” He asked, thumb digging harder into the soft spot between clavicle and neck. Ren gasped a bit. “Your ship,” he corrected himself, overwhelmed with how good a single phrase, how submitting made him feel. “Good boy,” Hux purred, and he lifted his thumb, pressing his mouth to the sore spot, kissing it tenderly. “Good boy, Kylo Ren.” Ren couldn't stop the blood from rushing to his loins as Hux lavished praise on him, the words good boy like sweetest music in his ears. “Tell me why you want this, Ren,” Hux murmured. “You're strong, powerful, and could easily bend others to your will. Why do you ache so fiercely to be broken instead?” Ren was quiet at first, enjoying the feel of Hux's mouth biting and kissing at his neck as he considered his answer. “Every day is about control,” he finally said. “Controlling my reception of thoughts around me, the Force constantly a part of my life, having to judge, weigh and think about how I respond and act for the Supreme Leader. It's all a constant act of control, inside and out. I just...” He sagged as Hux ran a hand over his cheek, closing his eyes. I just want to let go and let someone else take the reins. Hux kissed him again, biting harder, drawing blood, and Ren moaned into Hux's mouth. “Say you're mine, then,” Hux growled, shoving a leg between Ren's knees, pressing his thigh against the Knight's groin. “Give yourself to me, Kylo Ren.” “I'm yours,” Ren gasped, fingers clutching tighter into Hux's shirt. “Good boy. My good boy,” Hux replied, eyes glittering, and he kissed Ren again hungrily, tangling fingers into his hair, nails scraping over his scalp as he ground his hips against Ren's. Ren moaned, clutching Hux to him, his cock throbbing in his pants. He wanted Hux, needed him. And Hux pulled away. “Go bathe.” Ren blinked, hands still grasping at empty air where Hux had been, his lips still wet from Hux's ravenous kiss. Confused, he opened his mouth to protest, when Hux glowered at him, and pointed sternly to the refresher. “Shower. Now.” The sheer weight of command in his voice compelled Ren, and he slunk into the refresher without hesitation- feeling all the more aroused at Hux's tone. Hux swatted his rump as he passed, a smirk curling his mouth. “Good boy. Get as clean as you can- the gala is tonight, and if you're good, I'll have you screaming my name well into the early hours of the morning,” he said in a low voice. “And do go ahead and relieve yourself- it will help you last longer later.” “Are you going to join me?” Ren asked as he slid out of his pants. Hux snorted. “I have contacts to get in touch with, squadrons to command, things to prepare, and I bathed this morning. Clean yourself up, Ren, I will have your new armour brought in shortly, and you can dress me once it's time,” Hux replied as he sat back down at his terminal. Ren hesitated, and Hux looked up at him, narrowing his eyes. “Go. Bathe. Now.” Ren ducked into the shower as he was told, and Hux smiled smoothly, crossing his legs as he went back to work. His aunt was bothering him about the gala, wanting him to escort her. His mothers were still disappointed that Hux had told them not to come, but something told him it wasn't the best idea. Something told him the evening would be horrible for their family if they did, so he had Angelica's sister coming in their place. Not that he was thrilled with his overbearing, busybody of an aunt being there to try to leech off his success as a General, but someone had to represent Chandrila that evening. He was still on edge- something was nagging him, pulling at the corner of his mind, the bottom of his gut. He couldn't place it, though the dream he'd had was a factor, but not the cause. Something about tonight was... wrong. He couldn't call it off, however. There was no backing out of it. I'll be with you , came Ren's thought from the shower, oddly soothing in the cold nervousness of Hux's current train of thought. I won't let anything happen to you. Phasma will be there, too, Hux replied in agreement. She's taking Captain Aervon. Aervon? The Special Forces squadron leader? Ren sounded surprised. The same. Quite the pilot and even more impressive is her military record. She advanced quite quickly through the ranks for someone her age. Hardly a wonder that Phasma took a shine to her. Ren simply grunted in Hux's head, and the two went back to their respective activities. Minutes later, Ren padded out of the shower, one of Hux's towels wrapped around his hips. He looked at Hux quizzically, and the general lifted a brow. “Yes?” “What should I wear until you have me dressed for this... event?” “Nothing.” Eyes widened. “Nothing?” Hux stood and made his way over to Ren, putting hands to his chest and pushing him backwards. The back of Ren's legs hit the bed, and he sprawled backwards onto it. “Nothing,” Hux repeated, moving onto the bed behind Ren- and to the younger man's horror, Hux had a comb in his hand. Had he pulled that out of his sleeve? It wouldn't surprise him if he had, given Hux's near constant state of perfection with his own personal grooming. “I am combing this hair, Kylo Ren, because mask or not, you are not going to this event with a rat's nest on your head,” he said firmly, sitting behind him. Ren groaned as Hux began attacking his hair with comb and fingers. Hux sighed. “I hope you're not tender headed. This is going to take a while....” Ren rolled his shoulder uncomfortably under the stiff new armour as he trailed behind Hux and Phasma. There was no need to clear a path through the glittering, chattering crowd. Ren alone had the crowd parting like water mixed with oil. Though part of it could just as likely have been Hux's appearance, Ren had to admit. Hux was stunning in dress whites, ceremonial red cords draped over his shoulder, the white tunic trimmed in black and red brocade, small red epaulettes on his shoulders. As always, the general wore his greatcoat, this one white, and lighter than the heavier black version. In sharp contrast to the white tunic and greatcoat, he wore black pants with white stripes up and long each outseam, and brand new knee-high boots that gleamed. His hair was perfect, as always, and he seemed to glide through the room. Phasma was dressed similarly, with less decorations to her uniform, and no coat. Her hair was combed to the side, and as per usual, her face bore little to no cosmetics. Beside her, arm laced through the taller woman's, Captain Maetra Aervon gleamed and shone like a gem. Her dark skin was flawless, her black hair pulled up into a bun with tight curls framing her face. Amber eyes were bright and sharp, her full lips painted with a dark blood red that matched the red trim of her own dress whites- though she had forgone the pants and wore a pencil skirt with white heels. Despite the vast difference in their heights- Phasma at six-five, and Aervon at five even- Phasma and Aervon made a handsome couple, and both seemed very pleased with the company. Hux seems so in his element, Ren thought as he watched the general greet the Senators and Representatives, either making sweeping bows or kissing the backs of hands, his tone and expression smooth, cordial, comfortable and charismatic. He realised himself that this was not where his power truly was, that the Force couldn't woo a crowd like Hux could. “If I might have everyone's attention,” Hux said as he ascended to the dais in the centre of the room. A hush fell over the crowd, and eyes turned upward to the attractive young officer who represented, had achieved, and aspired to do and be so much for the Order. “I want to thank everyone for their presence here this evening. This celebration is for you, our allies and comrades, for without your support, we never would have surmounted this level of success and progress with our plans to bring order to the suffering galaxy.” Appreciative murmurs echoed through the crowd. “The Republic has failed many worlds. Societies wither, decay in stagnation, in lack of aid, support, supplies from the supposed saviours of the galaxy. Civilisations that had once flourished under the Empire now suffer from hunger and rioting, from illness and crime. Where is the aid that the Senate promised? Where has the help from their Resistance gone?” Hux pointed to a Representative. “Representative Myron's world was on the brink of collapse, ignored by the Senate. His people were starving, dying, and their pleas fell on deaf ears of the Republic. It was the Order who brought supplies, medicine, and opened trade routes once again to bring prosperity to the dying world, bringing it back from the brink of collapse!” Representative Myron bowed his head. “It's true, General,” he said passionately. “The Order saved my world when I was lucky to even make it to the Senate to put in a petition for a hearing! Constantly, I was dismissed, or made to wait in line while my planet suffered- yet the Senate itself, the Hosnean system, seemed to have no shortage of food, comfort and safety!” Others raised their voices to add to the agreement, and Hux patiently let them tell their stories, sing their praises of how Hux's armies, how the Supreme Leader, had brought life back to their homes. The crowd was in high spirits that continued to rise, morale growing with each passing moment. “Tonight is for you, my friends, my allies,” Hux said loudly. “To the allies of the Order, to a new era of prosperity and order that will overthrow the dissidence, the decadence and apathy of the stagnating Republic! The First Order still has much to accomplish, and we are far from done, but tonight, we celebrate what we have achieved, for it could not have been done without all of you!” He lifted a glass of wine high, and the crowd followed suit. “To you, to the Order, to the Supreme Leader, who will bring this galaxy back to a widespread peace for all that live!” The crowd toasted, and applause rang through the chamber. Hux bowed, smiling, and with a motion of a gloved hand, the band began playing again, and the festivities resumed. Ren slid behind Hux, pressing close. Close by, Phasma had taken Aervon's hand, and the two women were dancing- Phasma surprisingly light on her feet as they waltzed, onlookers murmuring approval of the handsome couple. You know how to stir a crowd. It's a gift, and a honed talent , Hux replied as he kissed the back of a young woman's hand. “Brendol!” A voice cried out. Hux smiled as a red-haired woman bustled up to them in a silk dress of cream and gold. She was older, but still easy on the eyes, with smooth facial features, but sharp pointed cheeks and a petite nose, and the same sharp grey-green eyes that seemed to be a family trademark. Jewels glittered at her throat, ears and wrists, and the scent of expensive floral perfume hung about her like a cloud. Despite her elegant dress and courtier's voice, she still reeked and screamed 'new money,' and the other guests could smell it on her like stink on a tauntaun. Hux hesitated as his eyes fell on a red flower she had tucked behind her ear, but recovered with another smooth smile. “Aunt Theodosia,” Hux said, bowing to her. She slapped lightly at his shoulder. “My dear Brendol, you needn't bow to your aunt, you silly boy,” she tittered. “But I do hope you'd honour me with a dance?” Hux removed his greatcoat and looked at Ren. Without a word, Ren took it from him, draping it over his arm- and flashing his lightsaber as he did so to all that might be looking. Theodosia faltered as she noticed Ren, but the Knight was no longer paying attention to either of them. Something was.... off. He extended his focus, feeling for the source of the disturbance. Hux smiled at his aunt. “This is Kylo Ren, the Supreme Leader's apprentice. He is acting as my guard tonight,” he said smoothly. “He prefers not to speak- it breaks his concentration on the Force, you understand.” Theodosia nodded, still eyeing the masked figure owlishly. “O-of course, my dear, but do you really expect trouble this evening?” She asked quietly as Hux took her hand and led her to the floor to dance. “I always expect trouble as the leader of the Order's armies,” he said, his voice low as they fell into the waltz. “I would be remiss if I didn't expect less.” “My dearest nephew, you always were too paranoid,” Theodosia teased as Hux spun her, her gown flaring like a blossom around her ankles. Hux laughed lightly as he pulled her back in. “Can you blame me, everything considered?” Her expression sobered instantly. “No, I can't, Brendol.” “Smile, dearest Aunt, this is a celebration, not a funeral,” Hux said with a winning smile. “If only your mothers had been allowed to attend. They does miss you so.” “I feel safer with them at home, it was not for a lack of wanting them here,” Hux retorted smoothly. “So you would risk my life instead? What a dreadful nephew I have!” Hux dipped her, lifting a brow. “Says the dreadful aunt who couldn't wait for the event,” he grinned. Flushed as he pulled her back up, Theodosia tittered again as they spun. The crowd watched them, smiling and nodding in approval at the general's grace. Ren continued watching them, slipping through the crowd to keep Hux close. He still felt something was wrong... The song came to an end, and the dancers applauded the band, and the spectators applauded the dancers. Theodosia curtsied deeply into her skirts for her nephew as he bowed from the waist, then she moved to smooth the front of his tunic. “Your father would have been so proud of you, Brendol. I know that,” she said softly. “You turned out so much like the best of him.” Hux smiled tightly, his throat suddenly dry and he was unable to respond verbally as his heart ached. Theodosia smiled and pulled the flower from behind her ear. She twirled it between fingers encased in cream satin gloves, staring at it. “Your mother loved these when we were growing up,” she said quietly, almost too quietly to hear. “It broke my heart when she threw out every flower I sent her from my gardens.” Ren came closer. Sirens were going off in his head, and his stomach was full of ice. A group of Senators were idly chatting, blocking his path to Hux, and Ren growled beneath his mask. They looked up at him in shock. “Move,” he snarled. They parted immediately, nearly falling over one another to be out of his way, and Ren moved in haste to cross the room to Hux. He watched, suddenly feeling malevolence flood the room as Theodosia pressed the red flower's stem behind a medal, effectively pinning the blood red blossom to Hux's chest, the petals like a stain of blood on the white cloth. Ren reached out, just in time, but still too late, as the shot rang out. Screams filled the chamber as Hux crumpled to the floor, blood splattering the white of his uniform. Theodosia fled from her nephew, panic overtaking her as she ran, crimson sprayed on the cream of her dress. Ren dropped the coat, rushing to Hux's side. Hux! I- I'm okay. You- Hux was bleeding profusely, his cheek gouged by the shot that had been thrown off just in time by Ren's shield. Another flood of malevolence, this time with desperate frustration and panic, and Ren dropped low, crouching over Hux, his lightsaber extended, crackling and shining red light over the fallen General, his other hand resting protectively over Hux's stomach. Extending the Force around them, another shot went flying harmlessly into the ceiling, deflected by Ren's shield. Scanning his eyes rapidly in combination of pinpointing the shooter's emotions, Ren saw a figure on the floor above breaking into a run. “PHASMA,” he bellowed, his mask modulating the command, making him sound like a rancor. “ABOVE.” He cast a glance at Aervon, who let go of Phasma immediately, and both women took off in separate directions- Aervon was faster than she looked, and Phasma was the picture of physical perfection. Hopefully they would catch the would-be assassin. Ren turned his attention back to Hux, who was pressing his hand to his cheek, his other hand seeking the flower and ripping it from his chest, casting it to the floor. Are you okay? You saved my life. That was the point of my presence here tonight. Phasma came back into view, clutching the scruff of a small older man who was bleeding profusely from a broken nose. Phasma looked pleased with herself, and Ren couldn't help but think she looked like a semi-tame krayt dragon bringing back a kill. Hux noticed that Aervon was directing the guests out to safety, demonstrating the social grace and skill of a diplomat. He made note to give her a few days of liberty- her and Phasma- as thanks for helping with the situation. “Shall I kill him?” Phasma asked bluntly. Hux got to his feet and shook his head. “No. Knock him out. We're taking him back. Put him in an interrogation room.” Ren waited to see if Hux needed assistance, then trailed after him silently as he shut down his lightsaber, anticipation rising as Hux's face had gone cold as he issued the order, his voice even colder. “Ren and I will question him ourselves.” Chapter 9 : Breaking Point The interrogation room was cold- a stipulation of the First Order in such arrangements. The walls were sound proof, and around the room, tools of the trade glinted wickedly in the low light, promising invasive, intimate, and excruciating pain. None of these tools would be used on the room's current occupant, however. Phasma entered the room. Gone were her dress whites, replaced by the intimidating chrome armour that turned her from a polished officer to a horrifying bulwark of ruthless efficiency. Sweeping through the room, she made sure the man was secured tightly to the elevated table, arranged the tools to be in his line of sight, making a great show of polishing, prepping, and organising them before administering the opening blows intended to soften the man up. Punches, slaps, wrenching of joints, all for the purpose of weakening his resolve. She purposely avoided his face- identification was key in discovering who had sent this would-be assassin. After a few minutes of this, she silently left the room, the door shutting behind her. The man remained silent, resigned. There would be no leaving this place alive, and he knew it. The door opened again- how long? Minutes? Hours? It was hard to tell- and two figures swept into the room. Still wearing blood splattered whites, Hux was the picture of regal fury. His hair had been combed back into its usual picture of perfection, his cheek was stitched up, a bacta patch covering the sutures, and Ren was a nightmare of black, red and silver, a creature in a mask trailing behind the white clad general with fingers twitching with the desire to strangle the life out of their restrained captive. “It's been a long time, General,” the man said quietly. “Have we... met?” Hux asked carelessly as he picked up a long thin rod- usually used for slapping limbs to break bones over time- and used it to lift the man's chin. Cold eyes studied the captive, and only after a full minute of scrutiny, did recognition dawn on the general's face. “Regan Gilbore,” he said with the air one of finding bantha shit on their shoe. “It took me a while to recognise you under the bruises and what looks to be four decades of age instead of a little under two.” Gilbore struggled to spit at Hux, but his mouth was too dry. “Look at you,” Hux sneered. “At my mercy, and you could have been in my command. How the self proclaimed mighty fall to the wayside.” “It's a shame I missed,” Gilbore spat. “A shame you have a pet Sith to protect you.” “I am a Knight of Ren,” Ren snarled quietly. “Sith are weak, compared to me.” Hux ignored Ren, letting him posture and hiss all he wanted. Don't kill this one. He and I have history. I surmised as much , came Ren's dry retort. Hux circled the table, arms folded behind him. His leather shoes clicked on the floor as he moved around the table, silent, seething. Ren simply watched Gilbore with the intensity of a vornskr, trembling with suppressed rage, longing to strike. “Would have been fitting, seeing you die like your old man,” Gilbore said after almost five minutes of silence, unable to stand the tension as Hux circled him like a scavenger. “Who sent you, Gilbore? You are hardly of notice, rank or importance to have had access to the soiree this evening,” Hux asked as he stopped in front of his captive- and just out of spitting distance. A grin broke the older man's face, and Hux wrinkled his nose to see that time had been just as cruel to his teeth as it had been to his facial features, leaving them yellowed, chipped, like a badly aged book left in the sun, gums receded to make them look longer and almost nightmarish in his wrinkled visage. “You'd like to know, but you won't get it out of me.” “Ren.” Ren moved forward before Hux had even turned away, hand stretching out towards Gilbore's face. The man twitched, rocking against his bonds as the Knight roughly shoved his way into his mind. Fingers twisted in mid air, wrist turning, and the room grew thick with tension and the Force as Kylo Ren wrung through Regan Gilbore's consciousness. Gilbore gasped, sweat pouring down his face, but aside from his gasping, and the scraping of his body against his bonds, there was no other sounds in the room, both Knight and General focused silently on the writhing man. After a moment, Ren hesitated, and lowered his hand. Gilbore immediately slumped, panting, as he went limp. Hux lifted a brow. “What is it?” “The Resistance sent him... he talked with someone on Chandrila.” Hux frowned. “Who?” Ren hesitated, then continued. “Theodosia Varrin.” Gilbore laughed, blood trickling from his nose as Hux blinked, his eyes wide as he replayed the events of the evening- his aunt's insistence at a dance, her repeated disappointment that his mother hadn't attended.... “The flower was a signal.” Gilbore laughed again. “Clever General. Figured it all out, did you?” He grinned, those nightmarish teeth flashing again. “Little Theodosia was so disappointed that Maratelle couldn't come,” he sneered. “She so had her heart set on taking her place as Senator, you know, but I told her that taking you out would bring her out of hiding.” Hux's face was perfectly emotionless, but Ren could feel the cold fear, the panic rising in him- fear that the last good part of his life was in mortal danger. Carefully, to keep the general calm, Ren projected reassurance- awkward as it might have been- to soothe him. Contact her once we dispose of him. She will be fine. Hux moved closer to the man. “What made you go to the Resistance? Trade outdated Academy secrets for rank and position? Or was it for a bottle of brandy and some dregs of spice?” Hux hissed. “Did they feed you false promises of vengeance and glory in exchange for the death of the man they fear to the point of whispering his name like a curse?” Gilbore ignored Hux's words, his watery eyes focused on the nightmare behind the general. “General Organa sends her regards,” he said simply. If there was a reaction he expected, he got none. Ren didn't so much as flinch. Hux used the rod to make Gilbore look at him. “Your petty revenge failed. You'll get what's coming to you, just as your brother did.” Rage finally crossed Gilbore's face. “My brother was ten times the man you were, you skinny womp rat!” He shrieked, voice cracking. “Our family pulled ourselves from nothing into greatness, and you, you cunt-wearing trousers, you're nothing but a bastard bitch pretending to be a man! At least he was born with a penis!” Hux sneered, lifting the man's chin with the rod. “Your brother was a coward. I spent many a sleepless night working on my advancements, while he bullied others into cowing, trying to get everyone under his heel. I admit, I did the same, but unlike your brother, I didn't have mindless, bulky minions do my work for me. He sent three of his largest friends to take me out- and they all went to the med bay barely conscious.” The rod whipped against Gilbore's nose, and a crack sounded, along with the sharp cry of pain from the man as his nose was broken. Hux grinned, but it was more like he was baring his teeth, a predator scenting blood. “When Larson finally confronted me, he was still a coward, cornering me in the showers of all places, trying to slip me up in the water, and still, he ended up dying, because it was me, or him, and I do not. Die. Easily. I am destined for something greater than your petty type of glory, Regan. I earned my keep, and it my parentage matters little. The galaxy is my inheritance, and I am not dying for some filthy commoner who can't do his own dirty work,” Hux hissed, and he prodded Gilbore's nose with the rod- roughly. Gilbore screamed again as bone fragments in his broken nose were shifted, crunching loudly. Ren was watching with what could only be rapt fascination. This side of Hux was new to him, dangerous, and gorgeous. Hux was glittering with malice, with viciousness, ruthless fervour, and Ren drank it in like sunlight. Now I understand you a great deal better, Hux. There was a flicker of acknowledgement from the seething general, with the promise of something more. Ren felt his stomach grow hot and tight, but he waited. This was Hux's work, his personal business. His kill. “Good to see you finally grew some balls, Elizabeth,” Gilbore sneered. “Daddy's little girl finally grew up to be a man like she always wanted. Did you ever get yourself a -” Ren didn't even have time to react- Hux whirled, a flash of silver in his hand and moving faster than Ren could have anticipated, and Gilbore's throat erupted into a spray of crimson, a gurgle cutting off the taunt that was bubbling from the man's mouth. Hux stood there, sprayed, soaked in blood, chest heaving, knife still clutched in his trembling hand as he stared at the dying man, his left eye twitching. Ren stood motionless, watching as Hux reached forward and slid fingers into the gaping wound, pulling the man forward. “More the man than you, the pathetic commoner, slaughtered like a nerf,” he seethed quietly, and with a motion, he twisted his wrist, fingers digging in the rent throat. A gurgle, an attempt at a scream issued from open throat and mouth, and Hux wrenched, pulled, then yanked- and he ripped the man's hyoid bone from his neck in a fresh gout of blood. “I'll keep this. Just like I kept your brother's. Maybe, if I'm lucky, I'll find your last brother and have a complete set,” he said coldly, watching as the life faded from Gilbore's eyes as the blood poured from the ripped and torn throat. Turning on his heel, staying steady, even on the blood slick floor, Hux left the room. Ren stared for a minute as the general departed, his whites stained crimson, his composure as cold as the surface of the Starkiller Base, then silently followed after him. Phasma was outside the room, and despite being in her armour, her body language spoke measures of her surprise. Ren lifted a hand to stop her as she moved after Hux. “Just get someone to clean up in there. There's nothing else to be had out of him,” Ren said quietly before continuing after Hux. Phasma watched them go, a hum of satisfaction issuing from her. She hailed two maintenance crew, who eyed the general with apprehension as he passed, then scurried to Phasma's side. She pointed at the room behind her. “Clean up is needed. Dispose of the body in the incinerator,” she ordered, then headed off after receiving an affirmative from the two men. They exchanged looks. Ren had been immaculate, free of blood. The general had been soaked, still clutching a knife in his hand, and something bloody in the other. They entered the room and stopped dead in their tracks. “Stars above,” one murmured as the other tried valiantly not to be sick. There had been whispers about Hux being a desk officer, a man who didn't see combat, and had only risen to ranks through sims and the family name, that his viciousness only stemmed from near obsessive perfectionism. The dead man on the interrogation table spoke otherwise. No one would speak ill of General Hux after that evening. Hux said nothing as they entered his quarters, shedding his uniform haphazardly and letting it drop to the floor in a trail behind him as he wandered to the refresher. The uniform was ruined, there was no need to care about where it fell. He let the knife and his bloody trophy clatter on his desk in a cacophony of bone and metal, and finally, naked, he disappeared into the refresher as Ren stood there awkwardly, unsure of what to do. “Get in here,” Hux said, just loud enough to be heard as he started the shower. Ren obeyed. He began stripping, removing the annoying sash from around his torso, his armour, mask, boots, underclothes. He couldn't seem to get naked fast enough, and it felt like years when he finally stepped into the shower. Without a word, Hux pressed against him, arms slipping around Ren's narrow waist as he pressed his face against the Knight's chest. Ren held him, feeling Hux shake in his arms. His mind was screaming, images of himself being beaten up, of leering faces, of chants of a name that wasn't his used as an insult that rang in his ears like reverberations of an aftershock. Ren held him tighter, fingers digging into his back firmly. Blood rinsed from Hux's face and hair, swirling down the drain around their feet. Suddenly concerned for Hux's wound, Ren pulled back and checked to see if the bacta patch was keeping the blood out of the sutures. Hux looked up at him, eyes bloodshot- and Ren realised he was fighting to hold back tears, and was losing the battle. He was pathetic, using someone else to get to you , Ren said silently, fingers running through wet bloody hair. Pretending someone else was you, using a ghost to hurt you. They aren't you, they never have been. Hux shuddered, and grateful relief flooded Ren's mind. Bathe me, then take me to bed , he said quietly. Don't bother drying me off. Just put me in bed. Ren set to lathering his hands with soap, and washing the blood and gore from Hux's face and hair, then picked up his nail brush and scrubbed the gore out from under his nails. He was careful, attentive to the wound on his face, making sure not to displace the patch, then rinsed Hux off. He turned the water off, and carried Hux to bed. Ren hesitated, stood, and Hux snatched at his wrist. Stay. Are you sure? Get in the fucking bed, Kylo Ren. Ren slid into bed beside Hux, who immediately pulled the taller man on top of him. “Lights, five percent,” he said out loud, his voice unsteady. The lights flickered to near darkness, casting both men in shadow. On your knees , he thought quietly in Ren's mind as he reached over and pulled a familiar bottle from his nightstand. Ren moved to his knees as Hux applied lube to his cunt. He then hooked his legs around Ren's waist, hands tangling in his hair to pull him close. Tell me a word. A word you wouldn't say unless you needed to. A safe word. Hydrospanner , Ren replied without thinking. He was confused- Hux was distressed, raw, wounded, emotionally drained, traumatised, and yet he was pulling Ren on top of him. Despite himself, Ren's cock was already hard, nudging against Hux's cunt. Good boy , Hux replied. Use it if I hurt you too much. Now fuck me. On top? Did I stutter, Kylo Ren? Fuck me , Hux snapped, and nails dug into Ren's back roughly, raking furrows down the pale skin. Ren hissed in a mixture of surprise and pleasure- yes, this was what he had wanted earlier from Hux. He didn't question, and he pushed into Hux- but blinked at how TIGHT he was. You... you're not... That is what the lube is for, Ren. Just fuck me until it hurts, or until you come, whichever happens first. Ren didn't argue. Hux had sunk his teeth into the soft juncture of his neck and shoulder and was biting hard, and he couldn't think, just react, as he began fucking Hux, leaning over him as he pounded hard into his cunt. Hux moaned, muffled around the mouthful of neck and he bit harder, breaking skin. Copper and salt flooded his mouth, and he worried the bite a bit with his teeth. Ren moaned loudly, stiffening. That was going to leave a glorious bruise, and the pain was exquisite. This, this was what he'd been wanting, teeth in his neck, nails in his back, Hux's groaning sighs in his ears. Harder , Hux insisted. You, too? Please? Ren begged. Nails raked another row of furrows down his back before moving to his shoulder blades, where fingers dug nails in painfully deep. A grunt from Ren, and he pounded harder, mercilessly into Hux, only to be rewarded by the teeth in his neck biting harder, opening the wound more. A second later, teeth withdrew, and Hux prodded the punctures with his tongue, lapping at the blood. He released one shoulder to grab Ren's chin, and kissed him hard, slipping his tongue into the Knight's mouth to share his own blood with him. Ren groaned, his mouth hungrily engulfing Hux's. The general's mouth was hot, raw from shed tears, and tasted of salt, copper, and the barest residue of wine from the gala- a bouquet of summer fruit, spices and autumn florals. Feral and refined, all at once, and so wonderfully him, so perfectly Hux. For a few moments, the only sound in Hux's room was their lips meeting in the low light, the soft wet sound of Ren's cock sliding in and out of his lover, and the smacking of his balls against Hux's ass. Ren let out another moan, breaking the quiet as Hux broke the kiss and bit at his clavicle, hands roving to hips and working on creating a new set of bloody scratches in Ren's upper back. Yes, yes, Kylo. Fuck me. Such a good pet, such a good boy, Hux praised as his throat issued moans that were less eloquent. The fact that Hux wasn't able to speak out loud- and had said just his first name- had Ren pushing closer to the edge, and he rocked his hips harder, slamming into Hux's cunt. Teeth bit harder into his collarbone, blood trickling down his chest, and pain radiated through his back as nails broke skin, Hux wrapping his legs tight around Ren's waist. Coming. The single word was all Hux managed, his throat making guttural sounds as he continued worrying teeth at his lover's clavicle, tongue licking at the blood. Close to the brink himself, Ren slipped a hand between their hips, fingers finding Hux's cock and rolling, flicking and rubbing the sensitive head. Come with me, Brendol. Hux let out a sound that was barely human, teeth and nails digging in so deep, his cunt clamping around Ren's cock so tight that the Knight saw stars as he spilled his seed into the general with a cry that bordered on a scream. The headboard of Hux's bed rattled as Ren lost control, slamming against the wall. Luckily, there was no chronometer in reach to destroy this time.. Mine , Hux murmured mentally as Ren collapsed on top of him. Mine. He repeated the word over and over, kissing blood from Ren's collarbone, his neck, fingers running carefully over furrows and wounds. Unable to vocalise, Ren simply made a sound close to a purr as he pressed his face into Hux's neck. Up. Let me tend to your wounds. They'll heal. Up. Now. Unable to disobey, Ren disentangled himself from Hux, and sat up. Hux wordlessly rummaged through his nightstand again and pulled out a small bottle of bacta cream. He moved to sit by Ren, applying the ointment to the bitemarks, the crescents where his nails had rent open his skin. Ren huffed. What if I wanted them to scar? Human beings, even when they have meticulous oral hygiene, still have some of the most bacteria filled mouths in the galaxy. I won't have you getting infections from our trysts. His tone softened as he kissed Ren's shoulders, fingertips touching each mole, every beauty mark he encountered. I also want you to know you did well. You did what I asked. Such a good boy, Kylo. Such a good boy. Ren nearly swooned under the praise, the validation, the comforting acknowledgement that he mattered, had done well, was appreciated. He closed his eyes and leaned into Hux's caring administrations with a low hum of sated contentment. After a moment, he opened his eyes. Are you okay? Hux didn't answer at first, ensuring that Ren was cared for properly. Ren patiently waited, letting Hux work it out on his own. Hux got up and headed to the refresher with a single Stay, then returned, bringing back a damp hot cloth. Carefully, gently, he set to wiping Ren down. Ren hissed slightly as overstimulated flesh was touched, but between Hux's gentle motions and soothing words, he relaxed. Having already wiped himself clean, Hux pulled Ren under the blankets with him. Stay tonight. The whole night? ….I need you here. Ren nodded against Hux's neck as he pressed close. He wasn't sure about affection, about taking this farther than sex and domination, but he knew Hux was raw- he'd had a brush with death in the same fashion as his father. He'd been misgendered, dead-named, reminded of painful events in his past. He needed Ren. Wait. Can I... Hux sat up as Ren twisted, rolling over onto his back, enjoying the sting of his wounds as they met the cloth of the sheets. He tugged at Hux's wrist, pulling him to rest against his chest, arms wrapping around him. Hux shuddered and relaxed, going limp against Ren's chest, his ear pressing close to listen to his heartbeat. Thank you. You are far vicious than anyone gives you credit for , Ren said in drowsy amusement. I didn't know you kept a knife hidden in your sleeve. A habit developed from my days in the Academy. One that's saved my life a few times , Hux replied, yawning widely as he pressed closer, drinking in Ren's warmth. I was... rather turned on by that. Not the knife... the bit with the... the ripping. Pfassk, Hux, you're cruel and vicious and it was exhilarating to see. Another yawn. “Lights, off.” The room was cast in darkness, and Ren stroked Hux's hair gently. A sigh, long and shuddering, escaped the general, and tears leaked from his eyes onto Ren's chest. Ren, sensing Hux's frustration and shame at the display, said nothing, only continuing to project subtle reassurance in his direction. Thank you, Kylo. A pause, then: Say my name again. Brendol , Ren replied, running fingers through Hux's hair. Brendol. He continued murmuring Brendol's name, over and over, fingers tracing circles over his freckled shoulders, until the distraught general finally succumbed to sleep. Hesitantly, Ren kissed his forehead, then stared at the ceiling, the events of the evening running through his head for nearly an hour before finally letting sleep take him. Chapter 10 : Loss of Life and Trust Hux's room was swathed in darkness, wrapping two figures in warm shadow. Ren was resting on his back, arm sprawled to the side and his hand dangling over the edge of the bed, blankets half pulled off him. To his left, Hux was splayed out on his stomach, arms under his pillow, and the blankets curled around and under him as he pressed against Kylo’s side. Ren had woken up twice to the horrible grinding and squeal of enamel on enamel, the first time sending him sitting upright, fingers grasping for the lightsaber he'd stowed under his pillow. The crackling blade had lit the room with red light, and Hux had jolted awake. Reassuring Ren that he'd only been grinding his teeth, it had taken Ren nearly ten minutes to get his heart to slow. The second time Hux began grinding his teeth, an hour later, Ren shoved a knee into his side. The general had grumbled in his sleep and rolled over, but the bruxism ceased. Ren had considered leaving as Hux moved closer, his uninjured cheek resting against the Knight's shoulder. He didn't like sleeping with other people, and he felt uneasy, being vulnerable in someone else's company- even if his company was far more vulnerable than himself. Hux's request had him staying, and drifting off again, however. Obeying, doing what Hux asked of him felt better than slipping out of bed and leaving the room. That, and he hated to admit it, the bed was damned comfortable after so many nights of sleeping outside, or in caves during his missions and training. It was almost 0300 when the electronic chiming woke both men. Hux groped in the darkness for the beeping comm-link, Ren grumbling and taking advantage of Hux sitting up to snatch more blanket coverage from him, and rolling over, pulling a pillow over his head. “Hux,” the general said calmly, and Ren had to marvel at it- even at 0300, having been dragged out of post-sex sleep on a stressful evening, he still sounded like he was on the bridge during an inspection. “Brendol, please, you need to come quickly!” The voice was hushed, panicked, and Ren recognised it as Theodosia Varrin. He sat up, blankets falling from his torso as he looked at Hux. Hux was staring at the comm, a muscle twitching in his jaw as he narrowed his eyes. His face was lit by the blue light of the comm-link’s holo display, making him look ill, exhausted. “Brendol?” “What do you want?” Hux finally asked tersely. “Brendol, someone followed me off-world. I haven't been able to shake them!” Theodosia whispered, her voice desperate. “I'm at the safe-house, and locked myself in, but I don't know how long that will keep them out! You're the only one who can guarantee my safety!” It’s a trap. I know , Hux replied quietly, at the same time, noticing that having Ren in his head didn’t hurt any more- in fact, he mused, it was comforting. Now that he was used to it, accustomed to having Ren’s mind not far from his own, it was almost like a thread that connected their minds, their thoughts- a bright silver-blue line of light that flared with life when they communicated through thoughts, emotions and mental images. You aren’t going to go, are you? Ren asked quietly, but Hux knew he already knew the answer. Ren… I have to. Ren heaved an over dramatic sigh, getting out of bed. It took a massive amount of willpower for Hux to keep his eyes on the holo of his frantic aunt, and not let them drift to Ren’s bare ass. I’m coming with you. This is not up for negotiation, Ren growled, picking up his under-armour and slipping it over his head. Ren’s flexing arms showed off the gorgeous bruises left behind by Hux’s teeth, and for a wild, irrational moment, Hux nearly considered telling Theodosia she was on her own so he could drag his Knight back to bed. Ren stalked across the room and began grabbing the pieces of his armour. Theodosia's eyes widened as she noticed Ren crossing the view of the holo. “Brendol... are you-” “Do you want me to come get you or not?” Hux snapped, something in his gut churning. Something was wrong- more than the obvious trap his once-beloved aunt was setting up for him. “I... I'm sorry, Brendol. Please, you're the only one who has access to the safe-house to help me!” Theodosia pleaded. Hux scrubbed at his face. “I'll be there shortly,” he said. “Stay down, lock yourself in the vault.” He cut off the comm before she could reply. On the other side of the room, Ren was nearly completely dressed, pulling his cloak on. He scowled at the red trim. “I dislike this set,” he announced to no one in particular, making his distaste known. Hux got up and made his way over to him, long fingers smoothing over the cloak's edges. “I like it. It's much better than the ratty one you always wear. It also looked wonderful with my whites, and I would never have anything less than perfection, Kylo Ren,” he said firmly. “You don't have to go,” Ren said, seeing through Hux's posturing. Gloved hands rested on Hux's bare lower back, pulling the general against him. Hux inhaled a bit as his bare skin was pressed against rough armour, leather and cloth. “You know I do,” Hux replied, pressing hands to Ren's chest and pushing away to stride towards his wardrobe. Ren made a small sound of frustration. “She set you up, Hux. She made the signal to have you shot. Your mother would have died, had she been there, and you want to save this woman?” Hux looked over his shoulder as he pulled out a uniform. “I refuse to look weak. If I refuse to go, it tells my pursuers that I am scared, and easily swayed. I will not be intimidated,” he said, muffled as he pulled his tunic over his head. Ren could hardly disagree with the sentiment, but something else was bothering him. “You still believe there's a chance she didn't know she was signalling a sniper.” Hux didn't answer. He knew he didn't have to- after all, Ren was capable of picking through his head for the answer he wanted. Ren sighed and pulled on his mask as Hux flexed fingers in his leather gloves. “Let's go, then,” he said, voice modulated and calm behind the mask. Hux bent over and rummaged under his bed. He produced a long, slender case, which he laid open on the bed, revealing a white and black sniper rifle. Ren's surprise was palpable, even behind his mask, as Hux checked the clip and strapped it over his shoulder. His expression was stony. “Let's go.” Ren said nothing, double checking his lightsaber and striding to the door. Silently, Hux followed him, and the pair headed to the docking back for Ren's shuttle. There's two prowling in the back, and that one in the front , Ren said quietly. I don't sense any others. They believe themselves hidden. So only three? We can take them out fairly easy , Hux replied with a drawl as he pulled his rifle from his shoulder and moved to sprawl on his stomach. He readied his weapon, turning off the safety. Ren eyed Hux and his rifle warily. Are you even skilled with th- He was cut off as Hux fired the weapon, silencer quieting the shot that cleanly blew the lone figure's head off its shoulders. Hux lowered the weapon and lifted a brow at Ren, a small smirk curling his mouth. Yes , he said simply. Think you can handle the other two? A small laugh echoed through Hux's mind. Easily. Give me cover fire, and I'll let you know when it's clear. Without waiting for Hux's reply, Ren silently moved around the building and disappeared behind it. There was a flash of red, an abrupt cry, and the sound of a lightsaber meeting flesh. A man half staggered, half ran from behind the building, an arm missing, the joint where it had once been smoking in the security lights. Hux levelled his rifle, sighting the target in his scope, and pulled the trigger. The man fell to the ground, and was still. I was going to say it's all clear, but you made sure of that, didn't you? Came Ren's amused thought. Hux said nothing in reply as he shouldered his gun and quietly made his way to the door. Ren came slinking around the corner as Hux keyed in the code, scanned his fingerprints, and allowed the infrared scanner to read his retinas. Excessive. Hardly, when your family had powerful political sway in a government like Chandrila's , Hux replied as the door opened, and he slipped inside, Ren close at his heels. The door locked behind them, a series of beeps and latching locks sounding as it did so. The safe-house was deceptive on the outside- it looked like a vacation home with excessive security, but was built to withstand basic attacks from ground fire and minor vehicles. However, the real security was underneath. Hux approached the basement door- double layered cortosis inlaid, pressure sealed vault doors, with similar security as those outside. Ren watched as Hux repeated the series of actions to gain access. Is your family truly that important? My step-mother is... and my father was. When my mother married my step-mother, she became just as important. My aunt only believes herself to be just as important, being a sister-in-law, but she is my mother's only living sister, so my step-mother allows her privileges. Only “living” sister? Ren echoed. How many family members had Hux lost? And... Step-mother? Married his mother? He was going to have to ask about all of this later. ...my biological mother's youngest sister was taken away during the height of the Empire. I wasn't even born then, and my mother was ten. She says her sister was taken to Coruscant, but never heard from her again. Taken? Why? Who? Ren asked, curious as to why his aunt would have been taken, and why her family didn't put up a fight. Had the Jedi taken her? Or- the thought had him bursting with more curiosity- had the Sith taken her? This isn't the time for my family's history , Hux replied, but his tone wasn't nearly as tense as it could have been. Ren said nothing more as the doors opened, but he intended to pry more if he could- Hux's family had more secrets than his dull- albeit ruthless- military exterior let on. As the two descended the stairs, the doors shut again. The walls inside the basement were metal, reinforced, and emergency lights in soft red lined the stairs and corridors- they were off, only turning on in the event main power was shut down. Ren was no architect, but the sense of the weight and sturdiness of the structure around them led him to believe it could withstand an orbital bombardment- though an orbital strike or anything else greater was a tad excessive for a single political family, he mused. “Aunt Theodosia?” Hux called. From around the corner, a figure in cream, gold and copper came running- Theodosia hadn't even changed out of her dress, the silk still splattered with her nephew's blood. A sob escaped her as she flung arms around Hux's neck. Hux sighed and rubbed her shoulders gently. “It's all right, Aunt. I'm here. Did they hurt you?” She shook her head. “They took my corvette,” she managed, her nose red and raw, her voice thick with tears and a stuffed nose. Her hair was askew, face was pale, but her cheeks and eyes were red and swollen. She was a woman terrified for her life, Ren could sense this, but something was setting off alarms in his head. “How many?” He asked. Theodosia's face tightened in fear as she realised the masked figure from the gala was standing behind her nephew. “At least five,” she said, her voice strained. “Perhaps more, since one of them took my corvette to keep me from escaping.” Where are the other two, then? Hux wondered. I don't sense them. Either they left with the stolen vehicle, or your aunt misremembers. Or... she's stalling us. Why would she stall us? Hux asked, his voice low, even in his head. That is what I'd like to know... along with why she would give you a flower, knowing you hate them. Hux frowned, and then turned to his aunt. “Aunt Theodosia. Why did you give me that flower?” She blinked tearful eyes. “Your mother loved them so, and she was so proud of you... I thought it would be appropriate...” “My father died with those flowers staining in his blood on the day of my Academy graduation when he was assassinated,” Hux said silkily, his voice venomous. “Why would you think that appropriate, dearest Aunt?” Ren didn't even wait for Hux to give permission as he extended his reach into Theodosia's mind. Alarms were going off louder in his head by the minute, and something was... off. He was feeling like blackness was approaching the house, something deeper and darker than the presence of the Supreme Leader- but there was nothing to it but the empty void, like the cold endless expanse of space. Something told him he needed to get them out, and soon. Theodosia gasped as Ren's grasp reached through her head, tendril snaking through her thoughts, her mind's deeper chambers. Ren was as gentle as he could be in his haste, but it was still jarring, painful, and the woman shuddered and whimpered in Hux's arms. Ren faltered, and turned his head to Hux. There is an image... of a woman that is your mother, telling her to give you a flower since she could not be there. Hux narrowed his eyes. No. My mother cannot abide by flowers any longer. Look at her surroundings. Do you see flowers in the memory? He shot back. Ren hesitated. No, only your mother's face, smiling- she has a crooked bicuspid, and freckles on her cheeks and nose... and she has an ornate clip in her hair to hide a nerflick. She's telling Theodosia to give you a flower for her. That was his mother, all right, but the details were wrong. That's not how she is. Hux... that's what I see. It's a memory, not a lie, not a fantasy or fabrication, Ren said, showing him the image. There was his mother, talking to Theodosia. Their voices were muffled, their faces slightly distorted, as though a thick pane of transparisteel separated them. Angelica was smiling, her teeth flashing, head tossing, red hair shimmering in the kitchen light. She motioned freely with her hands and shoulders, and Theodosia listened intently. “Give him one, would you? Since I can't be there myself?” “Of course, sister!” “Thank you, Theodosia. I really appreciate it.” Hux noticed at once that their surroundings weren't focused, but blurry, and immediately, alarms went off in his head. His mother's smile, her exaggerated gestures, the way she called Theodosia by name instead of Teddy, how Theodosia hadn't interrupted her sister- Theodosia never waited her turn to speak, especially when talking with her sister. My mother doesn't show her teeth when she smiles. Not to Theodosia. Not to the public. She only ever showed her teeth when she smiled for me, my step-mother, or my father, and that was when she laughed , Hux said firmly, recalling memories of his mother tossing back her head prettily, the Chandrilan sun catching her red hair, her green eyes lit up as she laughed, her delicate fingers brushing over his hair, chucking him under the chin, pressing a kiss to his brow. This is wrong. The feeling was getting closer, Ren noted. On top of them. His senses felt- He was suddenly cut off, and pushed out of Theodosia's mind. Ren felt his entire body go cold, and all of his senses shut down as though he’d been pushed fathoms deep into ice water. In the low light, he could SEE Hux and Theodosia vaguely- his mask hindered his vision, making him rely on the Force to see, making him see things his eyes would miss- but he couldn’t sense them. He couldn’t feel their energy, couldn’t sense the flow of life through them running over his skin. His sense of smell, hearing, had been dulled to the same level as that of a mortal. He was practically blind. Hux frowned, seeing Ren tense. “What is-” Ren wasn’t sure what possessed him, aside from sheer panic to protect his lover. He lunged at Hux, knocking him away from the woman still in shock at having her mind raked through by the Knight. The both of them went falling to the ground, Ren covering Hux’s body with his own, his arm cradling the general’s head to protect it from the hard floor. As their bodies collided, a shot rang through the underground chamber, and warm blood splattered the both of them. A second later, a wet thump and a rustle of silk sounded through the room, and the lights went out. “What the void are you d-” Hux cut off as he searched Ren’s frame, having felt the blood spray them both. Hands trembled as he ran fingers over the black armour. Finding no wound, finding his Knight intact, he breathed a sigh of relief- that turned to a ragged gasp of terror immediately. “Aunt Theodosia!” He scrambled out from under Ren, practically skittering across the floor, hands searching blindly. Ren heard the sound of a choked sob, and the rustle of fabric. In the dark, his connection with the Force gone, Ren couldn’t see a thing. He tried reaching out to Hux with his mind, and found that he couldn’t extend his thoughts past his own subconscious. He was a mortal man, the Force gone. “Hux!” He choked out. “They killed her, Ren, they pfassking killed her!” Hux managed, his voice tight. There was the sound of something wet, something indescribable, and Ren knew they’d nearly blown her head off, and Hux had his gloved fingers in the gore- the worst way to discover a loved one had died. Hux was warring with his emotions. He had been wary of his aunt’s intentions, but he still loved her, she was still family. He didn’t want her dead, yet now she was, reduced to a bloody corpse under his hands. He also wasn’t able to understand how Ren hadn’t sensed them. Had he been lax? Was he not well? Hux tried shooting the question to the Knight, and found that their connection was cut. The odd thread that connected their minds was gone, the silver-blue light gone out. Something was very wrong. Another shot went sailing overhead- a warning shot from the assassins at the top of the stairwell. It gave Hux some hope. If they were cautious still, worried about either a lightsaber or Hux’s own sniper rifle- or the knives concealed in the general’s sleeves- then they had a chance. “Ren, where are you?” he asked quietly, trying to steady his voice- his survival instincts were kicking in, helping him forget that his aunt was lying dead on the floor, just like he almost had been less than twelve hours ago. Just like his father. He crawled across the floor back in the direction he’d come from, hands searching blindly for Ren. Ren was frozen. He couldn’t sense anything. He was blind, deaf, completely cut off from senses that had become part of him. How was he supposed to protect Hux like this? How was he supposed to protect himself? Was this really how this was to go? Being shot down in a bunker like a mere mortal man? After everything he’d gone through? A touch on his legs, Hux’s voice. “Ren. Move to the wall,” Hux said softly. “They likely have night vision goggles. Move out their line of sight. Come on, now.” Ren crouched and moved with Hux without hesitation, obeying, as it was all he could do. Hux got to his feet once they were by the wall, and hands found Ren’s shoulders. The Knight was shaking. “Ren, what’s wrong? What’s going on?” “I can’t… I can’t see, can’t hear, I can’t feel you, Hux, the Force, it’s gone, I’m blind, useless,” Ren babbled, unable to control himself, hands finding Hux’s coat and grabbing it. “How am I supposed to p-” Hux cut him off, shoving him against the wall. He removed the man’s mask, and silenced any protests with a bruising kiss, teeth biting at his lower lip, fingers digging painfully into the back of his neck, his free hand still clutching his rifle. Ren exhaled shakily, ragged, through his nose, giving in, relaxing and sagging against the wall. He took comfort from Hux’s dominance, his clear head, his adrenaline and rage fuelled clarity- even covered in the blood of his aunt, he wasn’t crumbling. Not this time. “Hux,” Ren started, as Hux broke away, both men panting, the taste of copper, salt, and panic on their lips. “I’m-” Hux pressed a gloved finger to swollen, bloody lips. “You’re here. It’ll be okay.” Ren could barely make out Hux’s face- the emergency lights were starting to flicker on, and there was a slightly angry sound from their pursuers above. They weren’t happy that their quarry was getting visibility back, even slightly. “My rifle has night vision in the scope. I can shoot them, but I need them where I can see them. You have to trust me, Kylo, that I’ll shoot them before they shoot you, but I need them out in the open.” Ren nodded, and replaced his mask. He couldn’t see well with it on, but Hux was right. He had to trust his- mentally he froze. He’d already thought it before, and he’d been about to think it again. His lover. Whose commands he was following without thought, because at this moment, he was blind, and Hux was the one who would get them out of this cleanly, with minimal injury. “I trust you, Brendol,” he said quietly. Hux moved a metal table to the edge of the wall, turning it on its side. Sitting down against the wall, he used his legs to push it into the entrance of the chamber. A shot rang out and ricocheted off the table, Ren and Hux flattening to the ground instantly. “Hyper-vigilant, they might be, but they’re still not willing to tangle with you directly,” Hux murmured as he rolled onto his stomach and checked his rifle over. “Despite whatever happened with your connection to the Force, you’re still formidable enough to give them pause.” Ren knew this was meant to encourage him, but he still felt shivers of panic and upset running through his veins. After being connected to the world all his life through the Force, feeling everything and everyone around him, this was worse than sensory deprivation. “I’ve got you, Kylo,” Hux murmured as he readied his weapon. Ren removed his lightsaber from his belt, and ignited the blade. The crackling blade was far more unstable, more volatile than usual, and he felt a new wave of panic. His ability to use the Force, the willpower that came from it was what helped hold the cracked Kyber crystal together when the weapon was activated. The design was meant to make him exert more control over the weapon, to make it an extension of himself when in use. He didn’t have much time before the crystal shattered under the stress. Seeing his hesitation, Hux murmured again. “I promise. It will be quick.” Ren nodded imperceptibly, and headed into the stairwell, weapon crackling and spitting. He kept his pace confident, unerring- he had to bluff his way through this- and he swept his lightsaber from side to side, as though stretching, warming up as he headed to a slaughter. The bluff worked, as a shot sang past him, but was deflected by the swinging of his crackling blade. A moment later, a counter shot flew over his shoulder, and there was a wet thump of a body hitting the floor a moment later. Ren blinked, but didn’t stop his advance, or the swinging of his weapon. Hux hadn’t been joking, nor had the initial kill he’d made that evening been dumb luck- he was a good shot. He made the note to ask Hux where he’d learned the skill once they were out of here. More shots rang out, one slicing through Ren’s cloak, another hitting his shoulder. The armoured layers of his tunic and specialised garb soaked most of the damage, but the shot still opened skin underneath, and he could feel the blood welling up under the armour. Ren ducked, strafed and dodged as best he could without the Force guiding him, but he didn’t need it as much as he had thought- the shots were coming in greater number, with less time between them- but the aim was less accurate. This led Ren to believe there was only one shooter left, who was desperate to kill Ren before he died to the unstable lightsaber. He heard Hux swear, frustrated because the other shooter wasn’t giving a clear shot, and Ren moved to the other side of the stairwell, trying to drag him out. Panicked, worried about being sliced by the crackling red blade- which was sputtering and hissing at a greater rate at this point- the assassin made a fatal move, as another shot was fired, followed by Hux’s replying blast, and the would-be assassin joined their companion on the floor. Ren stopped, and no other shots were fired. The only sound his currently mortal ears could detect was the crackling of his blade, and something- Ren shut the weapon down and attached it to his belt, heading towards the sound he now realised was a high pitched gurgle, a whine. It only took him a moment to find it, and he stopped, staring in confusion at what he saw- a large lizard-like creature with scales and fur, two sets of dark eyes, attached to an odd framework that the assassin had strapped to his shoulders. Hux’s shot had blown through the assassin’s head, and ripped open the creature’s flank. Hux came up behind Ren- who realised he had sensed his lover approaching. Faintly, but it was there. The Force was slowly coming back to him. Hux leaned over to look at the creature, which let out another gurgle before expiring- and as it did, the world came crashing back in around Ren. He could feel Hux’s energy- the bright, burning silver and white haze- could sense the two ships near the safe-house, and the dead bodies in and outside the building. He could hear everything, his sense of smell was back to its acute strength, and he could see again. He let out a sigh of relief, shuddering, drinking in the feel of Hux’s hand on his shoulder as the general worriedly peered at his wound. “Are you okay?” Hux asked. “It’s superficial,” Ren replied, still focused on the dead creature. “What is that?” Hux still fussed with the wound a bit before leaning down and peering at the dead animal. He blinked. “That’s a ysalamir,” he said, tilting his head in confusion. “How did they get one? How did they know to use one?” “A ysalamir?” Ren echoed. Hux stood up. With the ysalamir dead, there was nothing more to do with it. “They’re creatures who literally push back the Force and make a void in the space they occupy. Supposedly, it helps them hide from vornskr, who hunt by detecting Force sensitivity in their prey.” “Where do they come from?” Ren asked. He wouldn’t have believed such a thing if the proof hadn’t been right there in front of him. “No idea. I just know that Grand Admiral Thrawn used them during his campaign,” Hux said, moving to stroke his chin, but remembering the gore on his hands, he let them drop. The campaign that had my mother running for her life because he hunted her for me , Ren thought to himself, remembering how when he was a child, he’d asked why the Empire was so bad, and how his mother had told him about Thrawn hunting her to take him away and have him trained by a Dark Jedi Master. Ren still wondered how different his life would have been, had Thrawn succeeded- but never for long. Snoke had trained him, and he was where he belonged now. There was no point in dwelling on it now. “Why, though?” Ren asked aloud. Hux snorted. “He was employing the use of a mad Dark Jedi- a clone of a Jedi Master who fell to the dark side and died in an expedition to the Outer Rim, where Palpatine’s representative discovered Thrawn. Thrawn used the ysalamiri to keep him from overrunning his ship and crew.” This was news to Ren. He hadn’t heard the Dark Jedi Master had been a clone. Was that because his parents were still distrustful of talking about clones? Where they hiding a great deal more secrets about what transpired when he was still in his mother’s womb? Hux seemed to know, but he would- Hux idolised and admired Thrawn the same way Ren admired and aspired to be like his grandfather. He made the note to ask Hux later. For now, he wanted to go back to the Finaliser and collapse- in Hux’s bed. Hux turned and headed back down the stairwell. Ren blinked. “What are you doing?” Hux didn’t stop. “My aunt. I have to get her body,” he said softly, slinging his rifle back over his shoulder. “Hux-” “Hush. I’m getting her body, and we’re taking her home. End of story,” Hux said, disappearing into the darkness below. Ren didn’t move. He could feel Hux wanting to be alone as he saw to her remains- he also was afraid of where “home” was. “Where is ‘home?’” he asked as Hux came up the stairs, his aunt’s body in his arms, top half wrapped in his coat. Hux looked tired, and far older than 35 in the low light, bags under sunken eyes, shadows catching in hollows of his cheeks, his mouth drawn tightly, forehead wrinkled as his brows furrowed with pain. “Chandrila,” he said simply, heading for the exit and towards the shuttle. Ren stared after him. Hux, Chandrila is the former seat of the Republic Senate, we can’t just fly in there and not expect resistance! My step-mother has clearance codes, and a well built estate that will hold the shuttle away from prying eyes. She’s a Senator, after all , Hux replied, his tone leaving no room for argument. I brought a change of clothes for both of us to disguise us while on the surface. You knew. You knew we’d be going there. I expected to rescue my aunt and take her home… not bring her back for a funerary pyre, Kylo. Ren didn’t answer. The pain in Hux’s voice was so acute that it left aches in Ren’s mind. He didn’t argue, he didn’t protest. He simply followed the general into the shuttle, and despite his protests, sat in the cockpit, and punched in the parameters for Chandrila, leaving Hux in the back to his grief. Ren had been taken aback when Hux quietly asked him to attend the private wake. He had almost wondered if Hux had blamed him at all for Theodosia’s death, but that seemed not to be the case. Ren had stood a distance away, giving mothers and son their space to grieve as Hux lit the pyre. Theodosia’s body was dressed in fine sky blue silks, then covered in a silver funerary shroud to hide the fact that a sniper had mutilated her body. Despite their mutual pain and hatred for the things, Hux, Angelica and Maratelle had adorned her pyre and body with white flowers, as was the Chandrilan tradition- and was common practise to mask the scent of the dead burning. Hux wore a long, black robe with a high collar, long billowing sleeves and sweeping cloak, silver chains hanging between sharply angled shoulders, one bearing a silver medallion stamped with his family’s seal. A black leather belt was cinched around his waist, with similar chains hanging below it. A simple black circlet rested on his slicked back hair, holding a black veil over his face that was dusted in pale white powder that blanched his lips. Black leather bound gloves had clutched the white flowers tightly, breaking the stems as he said his goodbyes in Chandrilan. Angelica and Maratelle were dressed similarly to their son, in the same sweeping robes with chains and high collar. A full black veil covered their faces, that were also blanched with powder, their lips painted black, and black filigree jewellery adorned their ears, neck and face. Angelica's long red hair was pulled into braids woven through with ebony ribbons, coiled into a knot at the back of her head. Maratelle's black hair was pulled into a long braid and coiled into a gleaming bun at the back of her head, with similar ebony ribbons. Like their son, both of them held white flowers, their fingers trembling. Their hands were shrouded in silk instead of leather. Hux had Angelica's hands, Ren noted, seeing them both long of finger, slim of palm and delicate in the wrist. Ren had never seen Hux express anything but frustration, anger, rage, or confusion by way of negative emotions. He had never seen him vulnerable, save for when he had watched him sleep, or that moment of stress when he’d bared himself to Ren that night in the shower, showing the Knight all he was. This, Ren decided, watching the General of the First Order as he and Maratelle clutch Angelica tightly, tears silently pouring down his face as Angelica sobbed openly into his chest, Maratelle stroking her wife's back, was much worse, and he hated it. Lying low was Ren’s idea. The two of them stayed on the far end of the estate, in Hux’s old room, while Maratelle acquired codes, and Angelica handled Theodosia’s estate and will, and fabrication of her cause of death- not a hard thing to do, given that news of the attempt on Hux’s life during a gala was spreading like wildfire. Hux vented his grief through Ren, locking them both in his room and losing himself in Ren’s arms. The first few hours were gentle, and Ren was patient with Hux as he took comfort in Ren’s company, in careful, gentle sex. He complied when Hux drew a bath, and the two of them soaked in the oversized tub, up to their shoulders in hot water scented with sandalwood and amber, Hux sitting between Ren’s legs, resting against his chest. Ren rested his chin on Hux’s head, arms draped over his shoulders. Hux had his eyes closed, one hand clutching at Ren’s arm, the other resting on his knee. Ren hated to admit it, but he was enjoying the closeness, the warmth they shared, the silence that was helping mend the ache that Hux was radiating. Thank you, Hux said quietly as he nestled back against Ren, who was trying to ignore how Hux’s ass was pressing against his cock. He distracted himself by reaching up and running fingers through Hux’s hair. Are you okay? I will be , he replied, turning around between Ren’s legs, moving his own to wrap around the Knight’s waist. He rocked his hips, rubbing his groin against Ren’s cock, his own already hard. Ren kissed Hux hungrily, nudging his cock against Hux’s cunt eagerly as Hux threaded arms around his neck, biting at his lower lip. He continued rocking his hips, water splashing gently over both of them as he worked Ren’s cock into him, sinking down with a sigh. Take me to bed? Ren stood, water sluicing from both of them, Hux clinging to him like a burr, and got out of the tub, carrying his lover to bed. For the third time in less than five hours, they fucked, but unlike the first two times, Hux rode Ren as he had before, and with the biting teeth and clawing nails Ren had been craving. With practised ease, Hux brought Ren close to the brink, and as the taller man clutched at Hux’s hips, about to explode, Hux stopped and got off him. Ren gaped at him, cock twitching as he lay on the bed, watching Hux clean himself up and don his bathrobe. What...what are you doing? Where are you going? I was- I know you were about to come , Hux replied, rummaging through his wardrobe and pulling various silk scarves from a drawer. Frivolous Chandrilan attire, but Ren knew exactly what their purpose was this time as Hux approached the bed. “Up.” The command had a tone that left no room for argument. Ren was off the bed instantly, only to be pushed to his knees at the foot of it. Hux gently, but firmly bound his hands behind him, tied his ankles together, then fashioned a collar of one of the scarves. “I ought to get you a proper collar,” Hux purred softly as he took another length of silk and used it to tie Ren to the bedpost. Ren swallowed. He was equally terrified and turned on by the thought of having Hux collar him. “Are you okay with being gagged and blindfolded?” Hux asked, holding more soft silk in his hands. “I intend to go get us something to eat, and leave you here to think about me while I’m gone. If you’re good, I’ll feed you, and let you come.” Now this was what Ren had been interested in, hoping that Hux would try these things with him, and he nodded. Hux kissed him deeply, running fingers through damp hair before pulling it to tilt his head back. He balled up a piece of silk and stuffed it in Ren’s mouth, then used the last scarf to blindfold him. They both knew Ren wouldn’t truly be blind- not with the Force, but it was still erotic, being bound and gagged, on his knees, with a raging erection, close to coming. Ren was beyond turned on, and was excited. Hux stroked his cheek, murmuring softly in reassurance before leaving the room, leaving Ren alone with his throbbing cock, the feeling of silk on bare skin, and the knowledge of just how vulnerable he was, despite Hux being a few rooms away. His cock ached, his balls tight and stomach hot with the need for release. His cock drooled, precome dribbling down his shaft, the cool air chilling his shaft and balls where his fluids dampened his skin. He made a small sound against his gag, twisting a bit- he’d never been so aroused in his life. He only hoped Hux would return soon and let him come. Hux returned in less than fifteen minutes, carrying a tray. He sat beside Ren on the floor, crooning his name and stroking his hair gently as he removed the gag. Ren nuzzled into his hand despite himself, and Hux purred in satisfaction. “Good boy,” he praised him. “I brought us lunch.” He took his time, lifting fruit, soft cheese, roasted poultry, pieces of bread, all in small bites, to Ren’s lips, feeding him little by little. Ren, not even realising how hungry he was, took each bit eagerly, licking Hux’s fingers clean after each bite. Hux smiled, taking bites for himself with his free hand as he fed his lover. “Good?” Ren nodded. It was all the more intimate, erotic, having Hux feed him by hand while he was blindfolded. He sensed through scent what Hux was feeding him, but not being able to physically see it was oddly stimulating. Hux purred again and held a cup of wine against Ren’s lips, helping him drink. “Good boy,” he said again, moving to kiss Ren’s throat as it undulated from swallowing the wine. He nipped at the skin before pushing the tray away, then moved to gently run fingers along the sticky trail Ren’s precome had left over his shaft. Ren whined low in his throat. “You made a mess,” Hux murmured, moving to untie Ren from the bedpost. He left his arms and legs bound, and gently turned him so he was face down, ass in the air thanks to his bent knees. He tucked a pillow under his lover’s head, and removed the blindfold. “What-” “Shhh. Just let me know if you don’t like this, okay?” Hux reassured him, taking a long sip from a glass of water, rinsing out his mouth. He knelt behind Ren, and carefully spread his glutes, fingers working gently over his ass, his perineum and balls, then down his shaft. Ren shuddered, letting out a moan. “Okay?” Hux asked, resting hands on Ren’s ass. Ren nodded, making a grunt of confirmation that he was indeed enjoying it, as he pushed back into Hux’s touch. Hux prodded gently at his anus with a fingertip, circling the ring of muscle ever so gently. Ren jerked, a gasp escaping him. “Tell me if you don’t like it,” Hux said, his voice serious. He licked his fingers, and then repeated the motion, slick digits circling and tracing, teasing the entrance to Ren’s ass. Ren moaned, pressing back further, encouraging Hux, who pressed his fingertip firmly against his anus, wiggling it carefully and enjoying the sounds coming from Ren’s throat. “Good boy,” he crooned, then lowered himself further, and began kissing over his ass, his balls. His tongue darted out, flicking at Ren’s perineum, and the taller man shuddered, his entire body shaking as he suspected what was coming next. Hux hummed against Ren’s balls, then extended his tongue and with a long, slow lick, ran it from the tip of the leaking shaft, up his tight balls, over his perineum, then against and around his anus. Ren let out a shocked cry at the sensation of Hux’s tongue circling and flicking against him, the muscle tightening involuntarily. Tell me if you don’t like it , Hux repeated, gently probing with his tongue, working it over, and slowly, into his ass. Ren was clawing at his palms, toes curling as he panted into the pillow. So perverse, unthinkable- at least to him, with his meagre experience, but it felt so good, having Hux fuck him with his tongue. He hadn’t ever considered being penetrated, especially since Hux preferred being penetrated himself, but now… oh stars. Ren’s throaty moans and cries only egged Hux on as he worked his tongue all the way into his ass, and added a finger once his anus was wet enough. In a matter of moments, between the curling of his fingers, the licking, probing of his tongue, he found Ren’s prostate. Carefully, ever so lightly, he brushed his fingertip against it, and felt Ren stiffen, a sharp cry coming from him- and the windows of the room shuddered in their frames. Hux pulled back, sensing Ren was close to coming, and withdrew his finger, but kept languidly licking and kissing at Ren’s ass, his free hand gently running over the Knight’s cock. Ren whimpered, straining against his bonds. Hux… please. His cock was practically drooling at this point, soaking Hux’s hand, and his balls were throbbing, tight. Hux slid a finger back into his ass and again, gently stroked his prostate- only to pull back when he felt orgasm approaching. Ren let out a choked sound, biting the pillow. Hux gave Ren’s ass a gentle slap, waiting for a few moments before twisting his tongue inside him, and gave his prostate a third gentle touch. Brendol, PLEASE! I beg you, it almost HURTS, I need to come so badly! Ren cried, a sob escaping him as his cock twitched and jerked in Hux’s hand. Hux smiled. Good boy. Good boy, Kylo, Hux soothed him, and this time, as he stroked over Ren’s cock, his tongue twisting again, and his fingers pressing against his tormented prostate, he didn’t pull away. Ren made a sound that was inhuman, and loud, his body nearly convulsing as he shot semen onto the floor, and the closest windows shattered. Hux, caught up in how compliant, how desperate Ren was, locked with him mentally as Ren pulled him into his arousal-blinded mind, found himself feeling echoes, shades of Ren’s orgasm rippling through him. He saw the pillow under his cheek, felt his own tongue in his ass, a finger against a prostate he didn’t have, and for a moment, he felt semen shooting from a cock that wasn’t his. Hux let out a cry of his own and he slumped against his lover, overwhelmed by what had just happened. It took them both a good while to recover- nearly half an hour passed before either was able to sit up, or even move. When Hux finally stirred and began untying the scarves, Ren let out a shaky sigh, letting Hux untie him before dragging his lover back into the bed, pulling Hux on top of him. That. Was. Amazing. You… you pulled me into your orgasm , Hux managed, listening to Ren’s heartbeat. Ren grunted, wiping at his face- he’d actually cried when Hux finally let him come. I projected. Didn’t mean to. I’m not complaining , Hux said quietly, running a finger over Ren’s clavicle. It was incredible. Ren purred, closing his eyes. Thank you. For what? Hux asked, folding his arms on Ren’s chest, resting his chin on them. Ren shifted under him, getting comfortable. For being patient, gentle, but still indulging my wants while acknowledging my needs and experience- or lack thereof , Ren replied. Hux hummed, reaching up to brush a lock of hair from Ren’s face. I would be a horrible dom if I didn’t get your consent in everything I do with and to you, Kylo. Hux sighed at the broken glass on the floor on the other side of the room. Going to have to repair that window, though. My mothers will be furious. Ren laughed. Is this what being a teenager is supposed to be like? Hux grinned back at him, enjoying the sound of his laughter, and he shoved at Ren’s forehead with the heel of his palm, pushing his head back against the pillows. Ren wrapped his arms around Hux tighter, and rolled them over, pinning the general down and nipping at his neck. Now who’s acting like a teenager? Hux shot at him playfully, wrestling to get out from underneath him, genuine laughter issuing from his throat as Ren continued nipping and kissing at his neck, determined to leave marks. We both are- let’s see how many hickies I can give you before your mothers come home… Angelica said nothing, but her lifted brows and the look she exchanged with Maratelle said more than her voice could have as she pointedly looked at her son’s neck, where a very impressive bruise was blooming. Hux tugged at his shirt, wishing he’d brought something with a higher collar- not to hide it from his mothers, but because the staff would stare. “So you two...” “It’s complicated,” Hux replied, taking a sip of tea. Angelica sighed and took a delicate bite of her sandwich. Her eyes were tired, and her face was still etched with sorrow. Hux reached across the table and covered her hand with his own. “Her last thoughts were of you, Mother,” he said softly. She closed her eyes. “They would have been, wouldn’t they?” She sighed. “To think I would lose both sisters...” “Mother… did she talk to you before the gala?” Hux asked. Angelica opened her eyes and frowned, tilting her head. Beside her, Maratelle's bright blue eyes narrowed. “Why do you ask, Brendol?” Hux swallowed and gripped her hand tighter. “Kylo… he pulled a memory of her talking to you, where you told her to give me a flower during the gala- which she did, and right after, someone attempted to kill me. A sniper.” Angelica reached up and touched the bacta patch on her son’s cheek, her grey-green eyes wide. Her fingers trembled as they peeled back the patch and revealed the stitches in his skin, and Maratelle let out a gasp, getting up to get a closer look, to reassure herself that her son was well. “Stars… Brendol,” Maratelle murmured, her voice shaking with the realisation she’d nearly lost her son in the same way she’d lost her husband. Hux released one of Angelica's hands to take Maratelle's, kissing it reassuringly. “Kylo saved my life,” he said quietly. “Phasma caught the assassin- it was Gilbore.” “Mildred Gilbore’s son?” Angelica asked incredulously, eyes going wide again. Hux nodded. “Kylo pulled memories from his head, as well- that he’d talked to Theodosia. Mother… did you tell her to give me a flower?” Angelica shook her head, shooting a look at her wife. “Son, why would I have asked that of her? We all know that her- her funeral aside, flowers have no place in this estate.” Hux sighed. “Did she go anywhere before the gala? Off-world?” Angelica slid her hands out of her son’s and stood. She folded her hands behind her and began to pace, cracking her knuckles as she did so. Hux bit back a small smile- his urge to pace was something he inherited from her, something she couldn’t suppress by curling her nails into her palms like her son did. She couldn’t think while sitting still- ‘Have to get the gears moving to get the mind going,’ she often joked. “A year ago… she went away for two weeks. Then six months ago, she was gone for another fortnight....and she went away for a week before the gala.” She turned to face Hux, her long black robe swirling about her ankles- she would be wearing her mourning garb for at least a month, Hux knew. Her face was twisted in pain as she approached her son and took his hands again. “Son… Brendol, do you think she was betraying the Order?” “No,” Hux said as firmly as he could, but he didn’t know what to believe- only that he didn’t know what was going on. He trusted his mother, not the memory his aunt had had. He knew his aunt had been ambitious, but never enough to have her nephew killed in the name of her ambition. “Someone planted that memory, Mother.” Angelica frowned. “Who could have done such a thing? Chemical rewiring, like Castellan Conditioning, hasn’t been used since the days of the Old Republic and the old Galactic Empire,” she said. Hux shook his head. “I don’t know, Mother. I just know that something isn’t right.” He didn’t feel right, telling her he suspected that it was planted there by the Force- the idea was still a little too much, even to him, despite the fact that it wouldn’t stop gnawing at his head. The last thing he needed was his mother having even an inkling of fear or apprehension towards Ren. If things went sour, and he needed Ren to protect her, he couldn’t afford to have her shying away from him. “You’ll figure it out, Brendol. You’re a brilliant young man,” Maratelle said gently. Hux smiled. “Thank you, Mother.” Ren came into the dining room, wearing the casual wear that Hux had given him- a high collared black tunic that fell to his knees, with slim fitting sleeves, cinched with a leather belt, and tight black breeches with knee high boots. His mask was off, and his hair was combed, falling around his face in glossy waves. Angelica paused, staring at Ren, and Maratelle blinked owlishly. They'd only seen him in his armour, with his mask. They were was clearly as taken aback as theirson had been when he’d first seen the man without the helmet. Ren gave a slight bow, inclining his head as he folded an arm behind him- a graceful gesture reminiscent of time spent in politics. “Since he finally has his mask off,” Hux said with a soft smile, “Mother, this is Kylo Ren.” “Lady Angelica, Lady Maratelle,” Ren said, his voice low as he straightened. Angelica nodded her head, but Maratelle fixed him with a stare. “You treat my son right, or I’ll convince Bothawui’s government that you owe them money,” she said simply. Ren stared, taken by surprise, then chuckled softly as he caught Hux’s horrified expression. “Mother, please...” “It’s okay, Brendol,” Ren said, lips curling in a smirk. “I deserve it for shattering the windows.” Hux groaned and covered his face with his hands. After a few days, Hux bid his mothers goodbye, and he and Ren returned to the Finaliser in the dead of night. Both were a bit better for wear, having had time off, spent together, Hux having time to grieve with his mother, and nights spent curled up in Ren’s arms. Tension was rising between them, however, as they discussed the events of the gala, the memories, the death of Theodosia. Hux argued that the memories were a plant, that Theodosia had been seeing someone who had fabricated the memories for some nefarious purpose, and she was killed because she was no longer necessary. Kylo paced as Hux made the argument that it may have been Force influenced, anger roiling from him. “Do you know what you’re saying?” “I do. Chemical conditioning, reprogramming has been a lost science for a while- the Old Republic and Galactic Empire dealt away with it when their SIS and Imperial Intelligence agents became unstable due to the conditioning,” Hux replied. “Who else would have, could have done that, Hux?” Ren said, coming to a halt and looking straight at Hux. “The implications of what you’re suspecting aren’t comforting.” “You aren’t the only Force users in the galaxy, Ren,” Hux pointed out. “There are still Jedi left.” “They’re in hiding- I’ve been hunting them down,” Ren snarled. “And that’s not in their code, even for self defence.” He paced again a few times before stopping in front of Hux. “Are you thinking one of my Knights did this?” “No.” Ren was silent, his eyes searching Hux’s, his expression pleading. “Are you thinking I did it? Or that I’m lying to you?” Hux reached out and touched Ren’s face. “No. I trust you.” “Then why do you think it’s the influence of the Force? Of a Force user?” “How else could it be done in such detail? Even if there was chemical overrides, the details wouldn’t be as precise, there would be personality changes, memory gaps, instability. This isn’t a chemical influence.” “You don’t trust me.” “I just said I trust you, Kylo!” Hux retorted. “You don’t trust the Force- which is a part of me, part of who and what I am. I can’t change that, Hux. It can’t turn it off, or make it go away,” he seethed. “I trust you, I let you in my bed, my head, I have trusted you with my life, Kylo,” Hux said softly. “Yet you still think-” he paused, his eyes widening. You think Snoke did it. Hux recoiled. “No. I don’t fully trust the Force, but I would never think that,” he insisted. Ren stiffened. “I put my life in your hands, gave you my dignity, let you dominate me, yet you don’t trust the very thing that makes me who I am,” he said quietly. “Despite everything that I’ve shown you, that I’m more than a blindly swinging weapon.” “I’m a mortal man, Kylo!” Hux snapped, getting to his feet. “I don’t have this insight, this sixth sense, no preternatural abilities, I’m a pawn for the Supreme Leader, and I’m losing loved ones because of it, because something is manipulating everything around me. No, I can’t trust it. I trust you, but as a whole, no, I can’t trust the Force.” Ren was quiet, various unreadable emotions warring across his face. “Then you don’t accept me, you don’t trust me. You can’t take a Knight of Ren, a Sith, a Jedi, and say you trust them, but not the Force. I’m not me without the Force. I can’t help an incident of birth.” He put his mask back on and headed for the door. “All of me, or none of me, General. Figure it out.” He left the room, leaving Hux to his thoughts, deafening silence, and the suddenly painful sensation of being alone in his head. Hux stripped, and went to his bed, face-planting into his pillows. Overcome by the events of the past week- nearly dying, reliving the death of his father, losing his aunt- and reliving his father’s death a second time- and now, unsure of what was going on that had his family dragged into a mess he didn’t understand, and fighting with Kylo because of it…. Hux choked out a sob as his overwhelmed emotions finally surfaced, and he silently cried himself into an exhaustion driven sleep. Chapter 11 : Taming the Vornskr Summary: Ren and Hux have a reckoning, and the vornskr is one step closer to being domesticated. Blood/Knifeplay in this chapter, as well as mild petplay. The training room was almost empty this time of day, most of the crew on liberty or starting the later shifts. The sole occupants were Hux, Phasma, and a diminutive TIE fighter pilot. The latter two were squaring off, engaging in some sparring as Hux watched from where he was doing stretches. Metra had certainly left an impression on Hux the night she'd controlled the crowd to keep Gilbore from escaping. It seemed she'd made a better impression on Phasma, as the two were now inseparable, constantly seen together when not on shift. Maetra's size was deceptive—despite her short stature and lithe build, under her uniform her muscles were toned to perfection, and her reflexes were superb. She held her own against her much larger girlfriend, and Hux had the suspicion that Maetra's capabilities were part of the appeal that had Phasma so smitten. “You know,” Phasma said, ducking to avoid a very high kick from Maetra, and countering with her own low sweep at her lover’s feet- a manoeuvre that Maetra avoided with quick footwork. “You should find someone to spar with, instead of simply sitting there doing stretches.” “I’m not in the mood to spar, Phasma,” he replied. He moved to rest his weight on his arms, swinging his hips and legs up, pointing one leg straight out, the other crooking over his hips as he balanced on his forearms. Maetra and Phasma snorted. “More yoga. You must be stressed. Again. A good sparring would get that out of your system, Hux,” Phasma said as she blocked a flurry of attacks from Maetra’s wrapped fists. “I’m fine,” Hux said, his eyes on the datapad just on the edge of his mat, within reach of his fingertips and in his line of sight. If he was going to hold this position for a while, he might as well be productive. Phasma sighed, seeing Hux still working, and Maetra lunged at her, taking advantage of her lover’s distraction, sending them both crashing to the mat with a triumphant cackle. Phasma laughed, a low, throaty and delighted sound, and she wrapped her arms around Maetra, rolling them over. Hux ignored them- and the pang of jealousy- as Phasma planted a rather obnoxious kiss on Maetra’s neck as the smaller woman laughed. Normally, Phasma would never have indulged in such a public display, but she was obviously comfortable doing so when it was just Hux in the room. “Come drink with us, Hux,” Phasma said as she and Maetra got up. “We’re going to the officer’s lounge tonight. Maybe some socialising would cheer you up, sir,” Maetra added. “...Dash was interested in seeing you again.” Hux looked up with a small smile, despite his attempt to stop it. Dashelle- Maetra’s gunner. A tall, gorgeous man with the build of a swimmer, long braided hair, gorgeous dark skin, and eyes like sable. Maetra had introduced them after they had a drill where Hux had watched them- and had been impressed with how pilot and gunner had worked in perfect synchrony. Hux had then had dinner with him, Phasma and Maetra. Dinner, and a few drinks later, and the General had dragged the gunner to his room. The tryst had been amazing, and Dash had hit quite a few buttons- body worship being one of them. No, Hux wouldn’t mind seeing him again. “So is that a yes?” Phasma asked, eyes sparkling with humour. Hux nodded, but didn’t move from his position- his back and abs were stretched deliciously and he wasn’t going to move just yet. “What time, then?” “Seventeen-hundred hours,” Phasma replied. Hux nodded again. “See you there, then.” Phasma waved at him, and she and Maetra left the training room. Maetra leaned against Phasma’s side. “He’s still shaken from the gala, isn’t he?” she asked softly. Phasma shrugged a shoulder, her other arm around the smaller woman’s shoulders. “I think he and Ren had another falling out. They were actually getting along for a bit there, then they just… stopped talking. The bridge has so much tension when they’re on it together, you can cut it with a butterknife,” Phasma said quietly. “I’m glad you introduced him to Dash, though. It’s helped his mood.” “It’s helped Dash, too, even if he’s become insufferable in the cockpit, Mr ‘I slept with the General, I’m hot shit!’” Maetra laughed. The two women halted as Ren crossed their path, his mask turned in their direction. Phasma nodded at him, and Maetra regarded him with an odd look. Ren had his mask turned in both their direction, but Phasma had the feeling he was focused on Maetra. “Lord Ren,” Maetra said, her voice oddly flat. Ren didn’t reply. “The officers are drinking in the lounge tonight at seventeen-hundred hours if you’d like to join us, Ren,” Phasma said, though her tone suggested she didn’t expect him to come- the invitation was made to be polite. Ren held his stare a moment, then swept off towards the training room. Phasma sighed, and Maetra snorted. “Why’d you invite him?” “I don’t think he’ll show,” Phasma replied as she steered them both towards her quarters. “Did it to be polite.” Maetra shot a look over her shoulder at Ren’s retreating figure. “Should we go back? He didn’t look happy, and the General is still in there...” “Hux is a big boy,” Phasma snickered. “He doesn’t need us to protect him, and I’m not here to help him deal with whatever drama is going on between him and Lord Tantrum. Besides, I have a girlfriend to clean the sweat off of.” Maetra grinned. “Yes, ma’am.” Ren stopped at the door to the training room and swallowed, seeing Hux with his body contorted, legs in the air, resting on his arms, idly reading a datapad- working, even when exercising. He cleared his throat, and Hux twitched only slightly, but didn’t drop position. “Yes?” He asked. His voice was even, no animosity, but no recognition, either. All business. “I will be gone on a mission,” Ren announced. “I leave tomorrow, and will not be back for at least three months.” “Very well,” Hux replied, not looking at the Knight. “The Base should be completed by the time you return. We can discuss with the Supreme Leader on when to use the weapon when you get back.” That was it. Nothing else. No further exchange, no questions, nothing. Ren blinked, unsure what he’d been expecting, what he’d wanted, but he did know he wanted more than a casual acknowledgement and a cold dismissal. Hux looked up at him again. “Will that be all?” Ren tensed. Nothing to say? Are we just forgetting it, then? He demanded. Hux blinked at him almost slowly, like a cat who’d be interrupted in the middle of a nap. You were the one who decided I didn’t trust you , Hux replied. You were the one who left. Not me. You don’t trust me, though , Ren retorted. Hux blinked slowly again, his mouth twitching. I told you. I trust you. I don’t trust what’s going on around me, and there’s something involving the Force that makes me distrustful of it. And I told you, that the Force is part of me, it is me, and you can’t trust me without having some faith in it, or you don’t have faith in me. It’s like you’re saying you can’t trust me to remain myself , Ren spat back. The truth was, he missed Hux. Sorely. More than he wanted to admit. Or maybe it was the sex, the intimacy, the ability to be vulnerable without fear of having it taken advantage of. If he could, he’d admit he actually liked waking in the middle of the night, feeling Hux’s presence beside him, hearing the soft, slow rhythm of his breathing, the weight of his body on the bed next to him, his warmth. The presence of a man who treated him as an equal, a fellow human being, and not a weapon. The only problem was, Kylo Ren was a weapon, like it or not, and Hux was shying away from the edge of the blade, while claiming to love the sword itself. Hux simply looked back at him, emotions warring in his mind, reflected in his eyes. Ren caught the whispers of regret, of longing- Hux missed him, too, but there was no way past this impasse that either could see. With a final sound of frustration, Ren turned and left the room. He had been reflecting on it for a while- he realised he’d been hard on Hux. The man had been attacked twice, lost a family member in the same manner as his father, and had been reminded painfully of his past by a tormentor long thought gone, and he’d committed acts of explosive violence. Hux had been raw, vulnerable, and exposed- and Ren had ignored that in favour of his wounded pride. Still, he thought bitterly to himself. I can’t help who I am, what I am. He felt stirrings in the back of his mind, and he reconsidered Phasma’s invitation. Perhaps catching Hux in a social situation, loosened with some drinks, would be a better time to approach him before he left for his mission. Ren steeled himself. Yes, cleaning himself up, getting into the nicer armour, and approaching Hux when he was feeling and being sociable might be a better time to try to bridge the gap between them. He headed to his room, determined. He wasn’t good at this sort of thing… but Hux was… unlike anyone he’d ever met. He at least wanted to be able to talk to the General without feeling knives in his chest. Maetra laughed as Mitaka stumbled over his words, nearly spilling his drink as he talked, hands motioning wildly. The Lieutenant had locked eyes with Dashelle, and when the gunner gave him a brilliant smile, the shorter man had ceased to function properly. “I thought we were going to try to get Dash into Hux’s bed, not Mitaka’s,” she murmured to Phasma, who lifted her brows. “Why not both? There’s plenty of Dash for both of them,” she said softly with a grin. Hux, overhearing, shot them a Look, but said nothing, going back to sipping his brandy, a cigarra dangling from the fingers of his free hand. Phasma was dressed in casual bridge uniform- black tunic and jodhpurs with knee high boots- as was Maetra, who had replaced the jodhpurs with a knee length skirt, her legs looking supple in the heels that were almost out of regulations. Her hair was done up in curls around her face, lips painted with a dark blood red lipstick, eyes smoky and dramatic. Hux was dressed similarly to Phasma, his greatcoat folded over the back of his chair. His eyes were watching Dash as he flirted openly with Mitaka, and he seemed pleased- and resignedly relieved- as he made no motion to stop the courtship going on between the two men. “You’re in a better mood,” Phasma commented as she sipped at her Raava Martini, Maetra tilting her Twistler back elegantly. Hux shrugged. “Just enjoying the environment,” he replied. “I like seeing my officers getting along.” The companionable chatter died down, however, as Ren stepped into the lounge. Hux blinked. Ren was wearing the red trimmed cloak, instead of the tattered one he always wore, as well as the newer boots and belt. Had he actually dressed nicely to take up Phasma’s invitation? Dash glanced at Ren as he leaned over to murmur in Hux’s ear. “Mitaka and I were planning on taking this to his quarters, Sir,” he said softly, barely audible, even to Hux. “Was wondering if you would be keen on joining us?” Ren went rigid. No one else seemed to notice, but Hux, who had his eyes focused on Ren. Grey-green eyes flicked back to Dash, and Ren’s posture stiffened even more as one of Dash’s braids slipped from its band and brushed across Hux’s cheek. A glass on the bar counter shook slightly, and Hux paled slightly before turning his face to Dash’s, their lips almost brushing due to the gunner’s close proximity. “I’ll have to pass, Commander,” he said quietly. “It looks as though Lord Ren has need of my attention.” Dark amber eyes locked with grey-green, and Hux’s mouth twitched slightly in a warning look- Take the warning and go, Hux tried to broadcast through his expression. Fortunately, Dash seemed to understand and straightened. “Thank you for your permission, General. I’ll have the Lieutenant back on shift in time,” he said teasingly, a brilliant white smile flashing in his dark face. Hux snorted and waved him off with a smile. Dash slipped an arm through Mitaka’s “So. How about I show you that model I told you I was building? Maybe your attention to detail can find anything I missed,” he said with that winning smile of his as he led the flustered Lieutenant out of the lounge. Hux breathed a sigh of relief that his officers were out of the line of fire, but didn’t relax, as Ren was approaching him- quickly. The distance between them was closed in a matter of a few long strides. Ren towered over Hux, his mask aimed at him. Hux looked up at him with mild disinterest, knowing the other man was going to start a fight. He wasn’t in the mood for it- Ren had made him worried for the immediate safety of his men, and he wouldn’t have it, wouldn’t stand for it. “Did you want something?” he asked lightly. “I need to speak with you,” Ren said in a soft voice, but the rage simmering off him spoke otherwise. So this is why you haven’t deigned to speak with me? Whoring yourself out to every officer on the bridge? Ren spat. Hux took a drag from his cigarra. “Speak, then,” he replied. You and I are not monogamous. We never agreed to be exclusive. You never said anything about wanting to be my only lover, and if given the opportunity, I will seek company where I will, Hux retorted. What I do- and who I sleep with- is my own business, and you could do the same if you wished. “Not here,” Ren growled softly. “But give me one good reason not to choke the life out of that insubordinate officer who had no sense of personal professional space.” Maetra stiffened, and the look on her face was pure venom, enough to make Phasma blink in surprise, as her lover shot the look at Ren. The Knight turned his head to the small woman, and for a long moment, the two silently stared at one another. Hux frowned, watching. There was definitely something being exchanged between the two, but Hux had no idea how well Ren was acquainted with the TIE fighter pilot- if at all. He also was surprised by the Captain’s sudden nerve in the face of Snoke’s apprentice. “He is exaggerating, of course,” Hux said dismissively, trying to defuse the situation, but his voice held notes of warning. “He has no authority to harm any of my officers.” The two stared at each other a few moments more, neither backing down, before Maetra finally tossed her head and went back to her drink, turning her back on Ren. Ren stared at her another moment, bristling, then turned back to Hux. “Privately,” he said, his tone leaving no room for argument. Hux sighed and finished his drink as he put out his cigarra. He stood and scooped up his greatcoat from the chair beside him, then nodded to Phasma and Maetra. “Have a good evening,” he said as he turned and followed after Ren, who was already sweeping from the lounge. Phasma sighed and downed her martini. “So much for that,” she grunted. Maetra was still glowering in the direction in which Ren had disappeared. Phasma tilted her head. “Mae? Are you all right?” she asked. Something had happened between her girlfriend and the Knight, that much she knew, and she didn’t like it. Maetra closed her eyes for a second, heaving a sigh through her nose. “Nothing. I … may have accidentally had a mental brush with him.” Phasma narrowed her eyes. She knew Ren was capable of prying into the minds of others, and the thought of him crawling through Maetra’s mind had her hackles rising. “Did he go through your mind?” she asked, her voice low. Maetra shook her head. “I may have all but mentally shouted ‘Over my pfassking dead body,’ when he mentioned killing Dash,” she admitted. “He threatened to call my bluff on it…. I called him a jealous child.” Phasma’s eyes widened. “Maetra!” She hissed, finally aware of how close to death her girlfriend had come- but at the same time, she was impressed, as she always was, with the spine of beskar Maetra had. Maetra simply shrugged. “He laughed at me and said if I was insubordinate again, he’d take me out, but he had more important things to do.” “Like Hux,” Phasma snorted. It was no secret to Phasma- or to Maetra, and the suspicions of most of the officers, for that matter- that the Knight and the General had a precarious and oddly developing relationship of some sort. Most bets were being placed on casual sex, with Ren being the easily attached and possessive type. “It’s none of our business,” Maetra shrugged. “It is when Ren threatens good men because he’s a child and underdeveloped in social graces and is completely unintelligent emotionally,” Phasma pointed out. “Which is why being with Hux would be good for him, and why I’m staying out of it,” Maetra countered. “I know you’ve noticed how emotionally and socially intelligent the General is. He doesn’t need the Force to read people like a book.” “Oh, I noticed,” Phasma said dryly. “Why do you think I wear my helmet most of the time?” “To stun me every time you take it off, and I’m reminded of how beautiful you are?” Maetra said coyly, trailing slender fingers up the taller woman’s arm. Phasma snatched up her hand and entwined their fingers. “That might be part of it,” she said softly. “Though you outshine me like a star does a candle.” Phasma wanted to kiss every fingertip, every knuckle, the soft skin on the back of her lover’s hand, the inside of her wrist, to inhale the wonderful floral and amber scent of her perfume. She refrained, however. Phasma was not the type to do over the top public displays of affection- it made the private displays all the more intense and special in her mind. Maetra purred and set her empty glass down, kissing the back of Phasma’s hand, leaving dark lipstick on pale skin. “You are hardly a mere candle, Phasma,” she replied throatily. “You are a wildfire in chrome armour.” Despite herself, Phasma blushed. Maetra always knew what to say to get under her skin, and they both knew it- and Phasma loved it. Maetra smiled, her full painted lips curving, a flash of brilliant white teeth shining in her dark, tanned face. “Can we go back to our room? I find I am wanting to make you blush far more than that,” she murmured, her smile turning wicked. Phasma’s breath hitched in her throat, and she offered her arm for Maetra with a grin. “Yes ma’am.” “You have a lot of nerve, insinuating that you can simply threaten to kill my officers at your leisure,” Hux hissed as they reached the door to his quarters. With most of the officers back at the lounge, the corridor was empty, and Hux didn’t feel too keen on allowing Ren into his room. “You want to know why I can’t trust you to control yourself, the Force? Because you threaten people needlessly, and they are utterly terrified of you because of your abilities. You wield that fear like a weapon over people that are not yours to command,” he continued, his fingers clenching inside his gloves. Ren pushed Hux against the door, slamming his hands to either side of his head, pinning him in. He said nothing, that nightmarish visage of his mask staring into Hux’s face. Hux lifted his chin defiantly, and refused to say another word, his silent way of saying that he would not speak to the mask. After a long, heavy pause, Ren reached up and undid the clasps and seals of his mask, removing it, and setting it down on the floor between their feet. Hux swallowed, fighting back the small twinge of ache and longing as those expressive brown eyes looked at him from under hooded, furrowed brows. Ren licked his lips in agitation, then put his hands back on the door. “Will you talk to me now?” He demanded. Hux said nothing, something snapping. He ducked, and kneed Ren in the stomach as he slammed the entry panel of his door, which came open at his touch. Ren fell through the open door, and Hux followed after him, kicking Ren’s helmet inside. Ren rolled over, scrambling to try to get back to his feet, only to have Hux push him down with a boot to his chest as the door shut behind them. “Be a good boy and stay down,” he snarled. “You want me? You want me to want only you? Then do exactly as I say, pet, behave, and perhaps I’ll forgive you.” Ren’s heart raced at Hux’s tones, his words, and he had no words to reply to the General with as he stared up at the glowering man. Hux held him down, his boot pressing against Ren’s chest, and while Kylo had the strength and ability to throw Hux off, to fling him across the room and against the wall, he found he was paralysed. And completely, and utterly aroused. “Do you understand me?” Hux demanded. Ren could only nod, unable to speak as Hux lifted his foot from his chest. He found himself gasping as the boot moved to grind painfully into his crotch, the heel pressing into his balls and his throbbing cock. The sound seemed too loud in the quiet of Hux’s room. “I said: Do you understand me?” Hux repeated. “Yes, sir,” Ren choked out, writhing under Hux’s boot. “Good boy. Strip. Now,” Hux commanded, heading into the bedroom, leaving Ren on the floor. Ren complied, hands tearing at the layers of his armour, his underclothes, and in record time, he was naked, on his knees- he had the feeling getting to his feet would not please Hux in the slightest. Hux came back into the room, his coat removed, but still otherwise fully clothed, even with gloves and boots. In one hand, he clutched a bundle of black leather, and in the other, he held a riding crop. “Good boy,” he said softly, lifting Ren’s chin with the riding crop. His face didn’t show any pleasure, however, his expression cold and detached. He leaned over to drop the leather on the table, and it was with a thrill of fear, desire and nerves, that Ren realised what Hux was holding, was a leash, and a collar. “Be still,” Hux demanded, setting the riding crop aside and picking up the collar. Ren was utterly still, unable to move as Hux fastened the black leather band around his neck, the polished black metal clicking as the buckle locked shut. It rang in Ren’s ears, and the collar felt heavy, unnerving, around his neck. “Good boy,” Hux repeated, his voice slightly more gentle, as he picked up the leash and hooked it to the collar. He straightened, then tugged on the leash. “Heel,” he said smartly. Ren immediately scrambled to Hux’s side, his shoulder pressing against the General’s knee. Hux made a soft noise of approval, and led Ren back into the bedroom, where he pointed to the bed. “Up. Lay. Face-down,” he ordered, letting go of the leash. Ren did as he was told, hopping onto the bed and lying down face first. He trembled, unsure what Hux had planned, but he trusted him, and that was enough. The bed shifted under him as Hux got on it behind him. Gloved hands grabbed his hips and pulled his ass up and into the air, forcing Ren to bend his knees for support. The leash was pulled behind him, as were his hands, and the end of the leash was tied around his wrists, binding his hands together. There was the sound of a zipper being undone, and Ren could feel Hux’s weight against him, the crisp, stark texture of his uniform against bare skin. He was mildly nervous, unsure what Hux was planning, even more so by the fact that he was bound, but oddly enough, since it was Hux holding him, tying him, he felt safe, and that anything that would happen to him would be controlled in Hux’s capable hands. Leather-clad fingers touched his ass, parting his cheeks and flicking a fingertip over his anus. Ren moaned, and Hux gave his ass an open palmed slap. “Silence,” he murmured. “You will make noise when I say you can. You will show me how well you can control yourself, pet.” Ren fell silent, clamping his teeth around the sheets on Hux’s bed, fingers curling into his palms. Hux bent down and kissed his lower back, nipping, biting at the sensitive skin above his tailbone. “Good pet. My good vornskr,” Hux purred. There was a sound of a lid being popped, and a few moments later, slick leather-clad fingers brushed over his anus, then probed gently into it. Ren willed himself to relax, but arched his back against the touch. Was Hux going to rim him again? Fuck him with his fingers? His answer came with the sensation of something warm, firm but soft, lubed and slick against his anus. Ren blinked, eyes going wide. It felt remarkably like- “It’s a strap on,” Hux said softly. “Synthflesh.” Ren relaxed against him, arching his back, an unspoken gesture of consent. Hux grabbed his hips and worked the tip of his cock into him. Slowly, carefully, he pushed into him, taking his time. Ren bit back his groans, toes and fingers curling at the sensation- the delicious burn, the stretching, the feeling of being filled, and he wanted more. He moved to press back against Hux, but those firm hands gripped him tightly. “No,” he growled. “I will give you pain, pet, but not like that. Patience.” Another few agonisingly tantalising moments, where the only sounds were the rustle of Hux’s uniform, the creak of his leather gloves against Ren’s hips, and the soft wet sound of Hux’s cock sliding in and out of Ren’s ass, and finally, Hux began pounding into him in earnest. Ren bit back a cry, pressing his face into the mattress. Hux let go of one his hips and pulled at Ren’s hair, lifting his face. Tears were pouring down Ren’s face. “Good boy, good pet, my sweet Kylo, my vornskr,” Hux praised, soothed, his tone slightly choppy as he pounded into his lover. As he was told, Ren made no verbal reply, only closing his eyes and arching more into Hux’s motions. He clamped his mouth shut as Hux’s other hand released his hip, and pulled at the leash that bound his hands together, connected to the collar that practically burned Ren’s neck with the implications, the symbolism behind it. There was another rustle as Hux let go of Ren’s hair, allowing him to drop his head again, and there was the distinct sound of a blade on cloth- the sound of one of Hux’s slender knives being slipped from the lining of his sleeve. “Do you want me to draw blood, pet?” Ren nodded vigourously. He wanted the pain, wanted the burn of a blade in his skin, for Hux’s deft hands to work over him. He wanted to make up for what he’d done. He wanted to atone for the problems he’d caused. There was the burn, the sweet warmth, the singing pain of the razor sharp blade in his skin, drawing sweeps along both shoulder blades. There was the heat of blood welling up from the cuts, and then the soft wet touch of Hux’s tongue as the General lapped gently at his wounds. As he did so, he pressed carefully, deeply, into Ren, and the head of his cock pressed against Ren’s prostate. Another long, careful, deliberate drag of the blade along the length of Ren’s spine, and Ren’s body shuddered violently. There was a squeal of enamel on enamel as Ren clenched his teeth together, his orgasm impending. Hux purred against Ren’s back as he licked the blood from the new cut. “Come for me, pet,” he growled. “Be a good boy and come. You may make sounds now, Kylo.” With a final push against Ren’s prostate, Hux buried himself within Ren, who screamed his release, the bed shaking, the contents of Hux’s shelves rattling and falling to the floor as he came, shooting semen over the black duvet covering Hux’s bed. Hux smiled indulgently, pulling out of Ren and undoing his bonds. “Good boy, Kylo. Good boy,” he said softly, pulling the prosthetic off and setting it aside. He unhooked the leash and set it aside, leaving the collar around Ren’s neck. At the other side of the bed, was a damp towel, which Hux picked up and used to wipe Ren down, gently and tenderly. “Did…. Did I do well?” Ren asked in a soft voice. “You did so well, Kylo. You were such a good boy,” came the soothing reply. Hux was removing his gloves, and pulling out bacta cream. He rubbed Ren down, applying the cream to his cuts, murmuring praise all the while. He checked his wrists for bruising, kissing them as he did so. Ren closed his eyes, drinking in the praise, purring as Hux continued rubbing him down. “Now. What about this?” Hux asked, touching the collar around Ren’s neck. “Will you leave it on? Or are you not ready for that?” Ren hesitated as he sat up, looking at Hux with a mix of emotions. Hux sat on the bed and pulled Ren into his arms. “Talk to me, Kylo.” I thought I was enough. ...What? The question took Hux entirely by surprise. Enough? As in… enough for Hux’s tastes? Enough to satisfy his need for companionship? Had Ren assumed their relationship was to be monogamous, and that Hux wouldn’t seek company elsewhere when Ren had pissed him off? That Hux would simply wait for him to come back, or go crawling back to him with an apology so they could resume where they left off? I thought I satisfied you, that I was enough. That… I was doing something right, Ren said finally, his mental touch gentle, almost skittish. His face was mere centimetres away, his breath tickling Hux’s skin, and Hux could have easily closed the distance and pressed his mouth to Ren’s. You don’t get to have exclusive claims to me when you don’t take what I went through that night seriously, Ren, Hux retorted sourly. Did you even stop to think that I’d been attacked twice, lost a family member, all in the same way my father had been killed? That I had an old foe insulting me, bringing up the incident of my birth as a weapon? Did you consider how exhausted, how raw I was from all that? Ren winced, and had the decency to look abashed as he looked away from Hux’s steely gaze. I did… but not until much later, he admitted. That aside, you threatened good people in my employ, over jealousy. That’s unacceptable, Ren. Ren grappled with himself, searching for the words that wouldn’t make him sound weak, that wouldn’t make him soft. He couldn’t find them. He wasn’t a politician, not a silver tongued word-smith like Hux. Perhaps in another life, he could have- it was certainly in his blood, but that wasn’t what the universe had chosen for him. You… you’re the only one who’s seen me vulnerable, he managed at last. You don’t take advantage of me when I’m exposed. You’re the one thing that I have that keeps me centred. I… Hux realised in an instant. You thought if I was sleeping with someone else, that you wouldn’t be able to find peace, because you don’t want to share, and that I wouldn’t want to come back to you. Ren nodded silently, and Hux scowled. It’s a lovely and appreciated confession, and valid motivation, Ren, but threatening my officers who did nothing wrong is still inexcusable. I don’t know what drives you to such extremes, but this is why I am apprehensive of your abilities, Ren. Ren leaned back and held out his hands. What can we… what can I do to make you trust me again? Hux was quiet for a moment, thinking. Control your anger, Kylo, Hux finally said. If you can control yourself, go without threatening my officers, keep yourself in control for the next few months, I will let you back into my confidence. Ren chewed at the inside of his cheek. It was hard, would be hard, if not close to impossible. His mind had storms of emotions that, if bottled up, would destroy him from the inside out. Even meditation, training, even killing, didn’t stop the tempests of self deprecation and intrusive thoughts that slowly devoured his mind. As if sensing his turmoil, Hux reached up, hesitated, then carefully touched his fingers to Ren’s jaw and lifted with a feather-light pressure to have Ren look at him. I am not saying you have to do that alone, he said softly. If you feel you’re about to lose control, come to me. Talk to me, instead of festering alone. Trusting you means you have to trust me, too, Kylo. Ren wanted to argue that he did, that he had, when blind to the Force thanks to the ysalamiri, but the protests died in his throat. The current armistice, the ultimatum between them was too fragile, and he knew it. Ren closed his eyes and pressed his face against Hux’s hand, nuzzling his cheek into his palm. A shuddering breath escaped him, and he nodded. Part of this, this craving of approval, of belonging, made him feel like it was teetering too close to the Light, but… ‘ If I can’t control myself, how am I of any use to the Order? To my Master? … To Hux?’ he thought quietly to himself. The thought reassured him that yes, this was okay. He had to have a centre. Stability. Something he admittedly could not achieve on his own. He opened his eyes in surprise as Hux’s lips pressed to his- softly, gently, carefully. Grey-green eyes stared into his. “How long will you be gone?” Hux asked quietly. Ren wanted to pull Hux under the blankets, to fall asleep in his arms, to forget everything, to fully submit, roll over and show his belly to Hux. He wanted to take solace in Hux’s company, to drown in his presence. He settled for pressing his forehead to Hux’s, closing his eyes as he reined in his emotions. What was it about Hux that controlled him so thoroughly? “At least three months. Perhaps longer,” he replied softly. “There is a map in the Imperial Archives I have to retrieve, as well as a few Jedi my Knights and I missed. I have to take care of them.” Hux nodded slightly, and Ren couldn’t help but smirk. Is murder only forgiveable if it doesn’t involve the Order? I said needless murder, Hux replied, but a smirk of his own was curling his mouth. We don’t need Jedi. We don’t need the Republic or the Resistance. We do, however, need the talented officers of the Order. Ren gave in to his desire, and kissed Hux. It was tender, delicate, full of the vulnerability he was feeling. He slid fingers into Hux’s hair, tracing fingertips over his scalp and murmuring nonsensically between kisses. After what seemed like hours, Hux pulled back, his pupils dilated and his nostrils flared. His lips were red and swollen, his cheeks flushed. “That doesn’t answer my question, Kylo,” Hux said, almost teasingly, touching the collar again. Ren shuddered and removed the collar. He held it out to Hux, hating the disappointment in those green eyes. Can we… talk on this further when I return, after I have had time to think on this, on us? He asked hastily, not wanting Hux to think he was flat out refusing. Hux reached up and stroked Ren’s hair gently, trailing them over his scalp and down the back of his neck. Yes. Come to me when you return, Kylo. They both stood, and Hux began helping him get dressed again in silence. I will. Try not to enjoy my absence too much while I am gone, Brendol. Hux smiled with kiss-swollen lips as he straightened Ren’s cloak and put his mask on. No promises- save for the one that I will abstain from another’s company until you get back. Under his mask, Ren smiled in relieved possessiveness, projecting it mentally to Hux before turning and heading off to prepare for his mission. Hux watched him go, feeling a weight lifted from his chest. Getting down to planetside hadn’t been an issue- some of the old diplomatic codes he remembered her using still worked, and he’d been able to land without problem. Getting to the Imperial Palace, however, had been another challenge entirely- one he’d spent his entire trip brooding over. He could easily don local civilian gear and slip into the crowd; he knew he had an unremarkable face that could easily blend into the masses. However, having an unremarkable face didn’t mean unrecognisable- especially to those who knew his family- and he couldn’t risk being seen by someone who might raise a cry, be it alarm or joy. He settled on waiting until nightfall, and slunk through back alleys and leapt over rooftops to reach the old Palace, fogging and befuddling minds of those who got too close. I could have easily killed them , he reflected, as he slid into the ruins of the Imperial Palace. He didn’t want to admit that he had refrained, because even though his agreement with Hux had applied only to those in the Order, he felt a certain obligation to practise restraint. If he could stay his hand with bystanders, it would be easier to leave allies be. Or so he told himself. The palace was a ruin, and while getting through the remains hadn’t been an issue, the archives deep in the bowels of the wreckage was an entirely different matter. Hidden panels and passages, installed by the Emperor himself, and marked on Ren’s schematics, were pushed open, and he let himself into the hidden vaults. Waiting in standby mode, a troop of guardian droids whirred to life, buzzing angrily, and foolishly attacked. Mainly designed to combat non-Force user intruders, it was no contest, and the mechanicals fell quickly to the crackling lightsaber. However, there were plenty of them as the Knight headed deeper into the vaults for the data archives, and eventually, he began to get annoyed. Figuring he was deep enough underground to where no one would hear, Ren let himself go wild with his attacks, and for a time, let himself be controlled by the Force, letting it flow through him, let it ride his anger, and he became a whirlwind of destruction. After a while, he huffed, the last droid falling at his feet. This had taken far longer than he’d anticipated, and with far more fighting than planned- not that he minded. Any excuse to channel his rage and frustration. ‘Now for the tricky part,’ he thought, pulling a various array of datacards, a datapad, and various encrypt codes and slicing modules out of a hidden pouch under a layer of his armour. Ignoring the dust and debris, he plopped down on the floor in front of a console and got to work. Under his mask, Ren worked his lips furiously as he sucked at his upper teeth, his brow furrowed in concentration as he worked. There was one thing he had never lost- Master of the Knights of Ren or not- and that was the upbringing from the various people in his childhood who taught him to work magic with tech and ships, and slicing was no exception. Lines of code scrolled down his datapad’s display, and one by one, Ren entered various decrypt and access codes. Every now and then, a telltale blinked, a faint tinny beep sounded, and Ren paused to insert a new datacard into the datapad, or hooked a module to the access port. Another long pause as his display flashed, and pulling out a long thin tool, Ren pried the panel open, and began unhooking various components, and connecting his own to the wires and plugs. He pulled his gloves off and fingers went flying over the haptic interface of the datapad, then the console’s keys. A smile spread over Ren’s mouth under the nightmarish mask as a bright, cheerful beep sounded, and the display went green, and he was given full access. He keyed for a data dump of the entire archive, and slipped his gloves back on before getting to his feet. He stretched as the data was downloaded, brushing dust from his armour. He’d been at it for hours, and his arse was mildly numb from sitting on the cold duracrete floor. He paced almost excitedly as he worked feeling back into his lower limbs, wondering what else he might find, aside from the charts he’d been sent to retrieve. Many of the Emperor’s secrets had been hidden here- not the largely important ones, which were rumoured to have been hidden in a storehouse on an uncharted planet along with esoteric tech and trophies- but the intel in this archive would surely have something of use. A final beep, and the dump was complete. Ren unhooked everything, tucked it all neatly back into his pouch, and made his way back out. The trip back to his shuttle was uneventful, but he had to hurry his pace to beat the sunrise- his black armour and garish mask would be sure to catch negative attention. Ren settled into the shuttle and keyed in the coordinates for the rendezvous point with his Knights, then began to flick idly through the contents of the datapad. He was distracted, however, his thoughts drifting to Hux- which led to another related thought and memory. ...my mother's youngest sister was taken away during the height of the Empire. I wasn't even born then, and my mother was ten. She says her sister was taken to Coruscant, but never heard from her again. Ren considered, tilting his head as he removed his helmet and sat it down on the empty seat beside him. He didn’t know the name of said sister, but he knew the last name. Perhaps…. Fingers flew over the haptic interface, typing in various parameters: Chandrila. Varrin. Coruscant. He let the search run, his eyes flicking to the canopy, watching the mottled lines of hyperspace overhead. A beep brought his attention back to the datapad. A few entries on the Varrin family were found- Ren recognised them immediately by Angelica Varrin’s name. He browsed them, seeing something that surprised him- Angelica, born the daughter of a welder and a seamstress on Chandrila, later leaving to work at the Academy on Arkanis- and having the illegitimate child of Commadant Brendol Hux II. It went into detail of how Maratelle Hux helped her escape the siege on Arkanis, and the two were later married after the death of the Commandant, and how both women became legal guardians of their child, Elizabeth Hux. Elizabeth, later re-entered into the system as... Armitage.... then again as Brendol Hux II. Curious at this number of name changes, Ren bookmarked those for later reading, as two entries had caught his attention: Theodosia Varrin, and Elizabeth Varrin. Theodosia’s was left alone- Ren had no desire to look up information on her. This Elizabeth…. “ Good to see you finally grew some balls, Elizabeth,” Gilbore’s words echoed in Ren’s head. He paused. Had Hux’s mother given him that name when he was born after the sister she’d lost? The fact that she now called him Brendol, without any issue, without any resentment that he’d been able to detect, spoke measures of her love for her son. Envy gripped Ren’s heart as tightly as his fist gripped the armrest of his chair, but he forced himself to relax. This wasn’t about him. He opened the entry on Elizabeth Varrin, and read- but it didn’t take long, as the entry was short. Youngest daughter of Errest and Madelaine Varrin. Aged seven when taken from family for duty to Emperor Palpatine. Taken to Coruscant for training. Whereabouts unknown after arrival to Imperial Palace. Ren sighed. A dead end, at least in this search.. He considered, then entered new search parameters: Emperor Palpatine. Personal assistants. Emperor Palpatine’s court. Court training. This one took a bit longer, working through encrypt codes and access hurdles, but Ren was an accomplished slicer, and his own skills got him through, bringing the files up. Emperor Palpatine’s court- articles on his favourite courtiers, dancers. Ren wrinkled his nose and flicked to the next one- Inner Court, trustees, Emperor’s Hand. Ren paused. Emperor’s Hand? That had his senses tingling. He opened it and skimmed over it. Emperor’s Hand- Force sensitive operatives, assassins, enforcers, personal agents of Emperor Palpatine and harbingers of judgement. Notable agents, last active Hands- Lumiya, Mara Jade. Ren lifted a brow. Mara Jade. The name stuck out for reasons he couldn’t explain, and he keyed up her file. To his disappointment, it was short, like Elizabeth Varrin’s had been. Mara Jade, Emperor’s Hand. Trained from young age after Force Sensitivity discovered. Among Emperor Palpatine’s favoured agents, present at secret promotion for Grand Admiral Thrawn. The article ended, and Ren let out a growl of frustration. That told him nothing. Lumiya’s article was similarly short and succinct. Out of one last annoyed but defiant attempt to get something, anything, Ren pulled up the holo of Mara Jade- -and froze in his seat. The woman was lithe, toned, and clearly in her prime, with long wavy hair, and intense eyes- red hair and green eyes, and skin dusted in freckles. Ren stared at the holo, not daring to believe it. Was this her? Could it be Hux’s missing aunt? He made a small dump of every bit of data- not that there was much- on Mara Jade onto another data card and stowed it away. He was well out of range of any probes that would tap into his feeds, so he tapped into the holonet and ran searches for Mara Jade. While it ran, he asked himself why he cared. Hux was a distraction- a pleasant one, but a distraction nonetheless. He was an ally, but one he admittedly trusted, and whose company he enjoyed. Still. Hux hadn’t gone out of his way for him, so why was he going out of his way for Hux? Why was he so determined to find something on this missing family member? Because you don’t have a family, a voice whispered in the back of his head. You’re envious of his family, and you know it’s partially your fault Theodosia died. You saw how loving his mother was, how accepting she is, how she was even kind to you , of all people. Are you a fool enough to think you could be part of that if you help mend it, help recover what’s been lost? “Shut up,” Ren snapped aloud to his intrusive thoughts. “He’s been good to me,” Ren said softly. “He’s had me vulnerable, exposed, and he was gentle in the same way he was dominant. He controlled, but didn’t exploit. I trust him…. I… I want to tell him yes when I return.” He’d said the words aloud. There was no going back now. There was only going forward. He was halfway to the rendezvous when the search found something- a vague mention of Mara Jade’s name, in connection with a smuggling organisation ran by a man named Talon Karrde- an organisation that now doubled as an independent intel gathering ring. It was rumoured their base had been moved from its last location due to their unwilling involvement with the Republic incurring the wrath of Grand Admiral Thrawn. Ren knew of Karrde- his parents had been on good terms with the smuggler chief. However, that didn't mean they'd still be at the last base he remembered- that was over a decade ago, after all. Ren keyed up the last known location for the headquarters and frowned. Myrkr. Where was that? Some more prodding, and he felt his blood run cold. Myrkr- where the local plant life was metallic and skewed electronic readings, and one of the local species was the ysalamir. He swallowed. Just one of those things had rendered him helpless, relying on Hux to see for him. What would an entire planet of the creatures do to him? He wasn’t sure he wanted to know. There had to be another way- “Pfassk,” he swore. Grand Admiral Thrawn had driven them off Myrkr, and now the groups current location was unknown, if the newest report was anything to go by. Ren flumped back in his seat, an irritated sigh issuing from between his lips. What now? He scoured the names and locations again, and a name stood out- Ghent. Ren blinked. He remembered Ghent- he was a slicer who worked for an unknown group in collaboration with the New Republic, then become an officer with New Republic intelligence before he’d gone back to his original employer- and his family aside, Ghent was one of the slicers who’d taught Ren some tricks when he was younger. He’d worked for Karrde? How had he not known? Had Ackbar finally booted the smuggler’s group out after the Mon Cal’s distaste for fringe finally won over diplomacy? Feeling the stirrings of excitement, Ren ran searches for Ghent, going off old comm channels and codes he remembered from his days with the Republic- and got a hit. Aves, the last known contact working with the slicer. It was a start. Ren sent out a message to the man, asking to speak to Ghent, or Mara Jade, heavily encrypted, using one of Ghent’s old comm codes, then got ready for his rendezvous with his Knights. The vornskr had prey to catch before he could trot home to his master.