The Hunt Black. The dark walls were a monochromatic sheen of black, black, and more black. It was a simplistic sort of hideaway, like one you might find in a cheap apartment. That was because it was a cheap apartment. The walls were plastered with black wallpaper and black curtains lined the window so when they were pulled shut, the place took on a dark shadowy quality. The place was also almost covered in posters of famous and indie gothic groups. All of the posters were painted over with the words liar and fake and other such terms. The message was clear. The people who lived here were the real deal. They were vampires. Four of them happened to live in this apartment. The called their little clan The Knights of Ren. It was mostly self-sustaining. They would go out and drink random people and then return to drink each other. This practice kept their bond strong. To prove their solidarity, they all took on the sir name of Ren. Kylo Ren was the leader of this group. He was by far the tallest; with strands of long dark hair falling into his dark eyes. He looked the part of a vampire. He acted the part too. He was for the most part quite aloof with occasional bouts of violent rage. These bouts of rage got particularly bad when he was under fed. Minos and Krios were alike in almost every facet. They were identical twins and as such were inseparable. They had this air of undeniable humor and even if a joke didn’t land then you’d still laugh at them for trying. They were the types to go after young women for their prey. Drano was the last to join and as such was timid. He didn’t seem to have much of a preference for what they did as long as he was fed. But despite his apathy, he was incredibly vicious when he ate. The four boys were seated around a dark leather sofa. “Hey Kylo, why so glum buddy?” It was Krios who asked. “I’m depressed therefore I am hungry and I’m hungry therefore I am depressed.” “It’s a vicious cycle with you isn’t it.” Krios put a hand on Kylo’s shoulder. “Heh,” Minos laughed quietly. “Kylo’s cycling!” “Oh for fuck’s sake grow up Minos!” Krios shouted. Minos only just laughed harder. He’d always been a bit of a child. “Look, Kylo I’ve been thinking.” Minos began. “Oh dear god, why does that frighten me.” Minos only glared at Kylo. “Anyway, Minos and I have been thinking…” “…that we should ambush some loser for food.” “And then drink from each other afterwards.” They finished in unison. Kylo thought about it. They lived in a pretty seedy neighborhood so nobody really notice when the homeless or the hookers disappeared. They were all a bit starved today and Kylo could use a good thrill. There was something to taking their prey together for a change. It might even strengthen their bond. “Alright I’m in; what about you Drano?” Kylo looked to where Drano was sitting. Drano didn’t speak. He only nodded. He did however get that hungry look in his eyes that could only meant he was down for anything that got him fed. “Alright then, it’s settled.” Kylo and his gang had stationed themselves outside a pub. It was near enough to their home so that if they needed to make an emergency exit then they could but not so close as to arouse suspicion. They had nestled themselves inside an alleyway, waiting for an unsuspecting human to walk on past. They would most likely have to wait there for several hours. Already, Minos seemed to be getting impatient. “Come on Kylo, I’m starved. Can’t we just ambush somebody instead of just sitting here like bumps on logs?” Kylo snarled. “We are ambushing people Minos, and if you’d rather hunt homeless men in the park then that’s your business but I’d like a little thrill tonight.” “Oh yes, truly I’m being thrilled to the core right now.” Minos muttered. Kylo barred his fangs and Minos stopped talking. A hooded figure was walking in their direction. He was tall with his face being obscured by a large hood. He seemed to be walking with a slight limp. He looked just perfect. Kylo turned to his comrades and saw that they too were staring at the hooded figure. Drano was even licking his lips. Suddenly Minos ran forward and leaped at the man. Kylo could see Minos’ fangs from here. The man reached out and caught Minos by the jaw and ripped it clean off. Minos’ mouth began to pour out blood as he gaged on his own tongue. Krios roars and charges forward. He too has his fangs poised for fighting. He ducks the man’s first arm only to be caught by his foot slamming into his ribs. Kylo heard a loud crack as several of Krios’ ribs snap inwards and puncture his lungs. Drano lasts a bit longer this time around. He doesn’t charge forward but slinks along the side and jumps on the man’s back. Unfreezing, Kylo rushes forward but at the last second slides down like a baseball player and lands a hard kick into the hooded figures knee. The man stumbles only to flip Drano off of his back and onto Kylo. Kylo groans in pain as Drano lies unconscious on top of him. The hooded figure stands to his full height and walks around to each of them. He takes a large booted foot and stamps on Minos’ head, crushing it like a grape fruit. He then does the same to Krios’ head. He then comes to Drano and Kylo. He raises his boot and smashes it on Drano’s head. Blood and bone fragments splatter everywhere and some of the shards of skull imbed themselves into Kylo’s legs. Kylo winces as the figure looms over him. His boot is poised and he leans back slightly and plants a hard kick into Kylo’s head, knocking him unconscious. Chapter 2 : Snoke Notes: There is a slight trigger warning for a scene in which Snoke does some pretty messed up things to Kylo. If forced sexualized blood drinking bothers you then viewer discretion is advised. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Kylo woke to darkness. Normally this would have been a comfort to him but now it brought only terror. The curtains were closed so what little light that made it through the black filter came in grey and hazy. He could feel an intense pressure on his chest. The hooded figure had his foot poised on his chest. At any moment he could press down Kylo breathed in heavily “Ah shit, what’s that smell?” Kylo turned his head to see a pile of burnt ashes. They were laid upon still smoldering paper and seemed to have been doused with water. Kylo let out a guttural cry and tried to lash out, to kick or punch or anything that could cause the figure harm. A chain however held him bolted to the floor. Kylo flailed uselessly about like a fish. “Quit your struggling or you’ll wake the whole building.” The figure spoke in a low and dulcet tone. He pressed his foot hard on Kylo’s chest and Kylo stopped struggling. “Well then let me up and I won’t have to.” “Nice try.” Even though the figure was still wearing the hood, Kylo could tell he was still smiling. “Who are you anyway and what the hell do you want with me?” Still with his foot on Kylo’s chest, the figure began to lower the hood. He was pale, deathly so. He had long scars running crossways along his face. Someone had obviously tried to slice him up real bad. And they had succeeded. Two sets of fangs were bared in a harsh sneer. So he was a vampire. “You’re one of us?” Upon reflection, Kylo should have guessed that. It’s more like you are one of us, little one.” The figure smiled. “You may call me Mr. Snoke.” “What-“ “As for what I want, well that’s more complicated. You see, I’ve killed your entire clan, vampire law dictates that you are mine and that I may do with you what I wish.” “There are vampire laws? Since when-“ “Yes, you insolent fool! They’ve been in place for centuries!” Snoke’s wyes flared the way Drano’s used to do. Kylo tried not to think about it. “So what am I your slave now?” “No, you will not be my pet per say, you will be given as a gift for someone else’s loyal service. I’m thinking Hux will do you just fine.” Kylo did not like the idea of being traded off like property. He did not like it one bit. “No, not a chance” Snoke’s face twisted into an even more intense sneer. He pressed hard into Kylo’s ribs and he could feel them begin to bow under the massive weight of his foot. He leaned in close so that Kylo could get a good look at his marred visage. He bared his teeth. “You don’t have a choice.” Snoke lashed out at Kylo. Kylo felt two pairs of needle like fangs pierce the skin of his neck and slice downwards; opening up a large portion of flesh and exposing the muscle. Blood oozed from the wound in a great and violent splatters and Snoke drank it greedily. He used his tongue and teeth to aid in the flow of blood. He could feel the blood leave his body. He could feel the pull on his life force as Snoke drank. What had once been a symbol of the bond between brothers was now a perverse gesture of control and dominance and purely for the pleasure of one. It was disgusting and it made Kylo feel very uncomfortable. Snoke pulled Kylo up to a sitting position. He pulled back the sleeve of what Kylo now learned were robes and exposed the pale skin of his wrist. Kylo was thankful for it freed his ribs and allowed him to breathe more easily. Snoke used the other hand to push Kylo’s head down onto his wrist. Kylo didn’t want to. He didn’t want to drink Snoke’s blood. This was a mockery. It was a perverse joke at the expense of his dead brothers. Kylo would not disgrace their memory that way. Never! “What are you waiting for boy? Drink up.” The low dulcet voice whispered. “NO!” "Oh.... would you rather me force it down your throat or are you looking for something thicker...?" Snoke grins as he forces poor Kylo onto his back. Snoke bites into his wrist allowing some blood to trickle out, Snoke then dabs his finger in some of his blood and smears it under Kylo’s nose. Kylo squirms desperately, trying to break free. Snoke pushes on Kylo’s chest forcing Kylo to take a deep breath. Kylo fights it as Snoke pinches Kylo’s lips together to seal Kylo’s mouth, forcing Kylo into having one option. He must smell Snoke’s blood and most likely give in to its smell. Kylo breathes in deeply and the smell of hot, wet blood wafts into his nose. It’s intoxicating, like a thousand bottles of wine being uncorked at once. Kylo can’t help but lean forward and drink. He bites down and slices with his fangs to open up the wound more. There is a smaller spurt of blood than when Snoke burst the vessels in his neck but blood came out. It tasted just as good as it smelled and Kylo felt shame wash over him for thinking that. He sucked hard using his tongue to aid in the flow of blood. Finally, after several long minutes, Kylo pulls away and begins to clean his mouth with his tongue. He can feel the shame creep over him again; he can hear the voices of his friends condemning him for what he’s just done. “Now that’s a good boy,” says the low and sensual voice of Snoke. Snoke unfurls the chain only to then quickly retighten it around his neck like a leash. Kylo can’t help but notice the blood on Snoke’s mouth and wonders if there is blood on his mouth still. He tries to wipe what little that might remain from off his mouth and stares at Snoke. “Come pet; let me take you to your new master.” “Yes.” Kylo sighs, “Mr. Snoke.” Notes: This work is dedicated to my friend Jackel who betas my work for me. Keep being rad. Chapter 3 : Pet Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Kylo was half dragged into a car by Mr. Snoke. It was still a challenge not to think of him as the hooded figure that he and his… friends had attempted to assault. Kylo didn’t want to think about that. He didn’t want to think about all the people he’d had to leave behind. He would bet anything that he would never see this apartment again. He’d miss it. The car itself was a nice sleek black car. It looked old. Maybe it was an old Camaro or something like that. Kylo really didn’t know cars all that well. Mr. Snoke wrapped the long chain around the metal part of the head rest and clicks it into place.so that Kylo cannot escape. He is the forced into the back seat like a child, something that sends a sharp pang of embarrassment through him. Snoke got in the front driver’s seat and pulled out of the ally where they were parked. They drove for long hours and only after they were out of the city did Mr. Snoke speak. “Pet, were you ever given a name; a proper one I mean?” Kylo knew what he meant by it. “No, the man that attacked me didn’t stick around to explain anything. I gave myself the name Kylo Ren and all of my/// brothers took on my sir name.” Kylo still hated to think about his fallen brethren. They’d been killed for seemingly no reason. And Kylo had been spared for no reason either. Maybe Mr. Snoke just wanted him for his blood, it would make sense. Mr. Snoke spoke again. “I suppose then that it’s my job to explain it to you then. Well, there are other vampires, lots of them in fact and they’ve existed for thousands of years.” Mr. Snoke’s voice took on a wistful tone to it. “And there are clans of them. They fight regularly; the two largest ones are The Republic and The First Order, the latter being the one I head.” “You,” Kylo said in utter disbelief. “You, head the largest clan of vampires.” Mr. Snoke smiled. “You act surprised my pet. Surely you didn’t think I was some loner looking for a companion. No that is more accurate of Hux than me.” Snoke took his hand off the wheel and placed it on his chest in feigned hurt “Who’s this Hux guy anyways, you keep mentioning him and I still have no clue who that is.” Kylo half yelled with indignation. Snoke’s face went to stone. “If you keep asking questions, I’ll take more from you, enough to make you pass out.” “May I ask one more question?” Kylo only realized how stupid that was when Mr. Snoke stopped the car. He was royally fucked. Kylo fell silent. He really didn’t want to have anything to do with Mr. Snoke’s fangs. That had been an uncomfortable experience to say the least. It looked like he might not have much choice in the matter though. Mr. Snoke got out of the car in a huff. He quickly opened the passenger side door and unhooked the chain and yanked Kylo through the front. Kylo choked hard and when Snoke slammed him down hard on the rocks, he was gasping for air. Snoke planted a hard kick in his chest that knocked the wind out of him a second time. Kylo started to seize up; his vision kept cutting in and out. Mr. Snoke didn’t care. He kept kicking and punching and hitting as Kylo began to seize up. His breath came in gulps and his hearing had been reduced to a loud ring. This was how he would go. Mr. Snoke would beat him to death right here. All because Kylo just could not shut his mouth. Kylo made a promise to himself that he would remember to keep his mouth shut. Snoke bent and sank his fangs in the still fresh wound. There was another spur of blood that hit Snoke in the face and littered his face with speckles of black blood. He wasn’t even trying to be gentle this time, he just drank greedily. Kylo choked as Snoke put pressure on his throat to get more blood out of the wound. Kylo didn’t know which sent him into unconsciousness first. Kylo awoke in a dark room. It was constructed out of black stone and sparkly decorated with empty picture frames. Kylo had already discovered that vampires didn’t show up in mirrors and perhaps pictures as well. The room was dimly lit with no windows. Kylo was dressed in nothing but a black loin cloth. The chain was still attached although somebody had the decency to at least bandage his neck so at least the collar didn’t chafe. The chain was wrapped around a post. Kylo tried to stand to his full height but found that he could only kneel. How appropriate. What had he done to deserve this? His friends had attacked somebody powerful and now he was being treated like a blood bank; a cute accessory, a toy to be played with. To Mr. Snoke, Kylo was nothing more than a stray dog he’d prettied up and was being presented to its new owner. Kylo could hear two voices coming through the walls. One was clearly Mr. Snoke’s and the other was foreign to him. Kylo was not particularly thrilled to hear either voice. He wanted to sit and wallow in self-pity like he used to do with his… clan. Now he had nobody but an abusive captor and a stranger. A hidden sliding panel opened to reveal Mr. Snoke and the strange man. Mr. Snoke had cleaned himself up. Kylo wondered if he still had blood or other foul substances on his face. He decided that he did not really want to know. The other man was tall, not as much as Kylo but still tall. He was pale like Kylo but had a dash of freckles on his face. His reddish-orange hair was slicked back and Kylo couldn’t help but think that he looked handsome for a no doubt absolute psychopath. “Hux, this is Kylo Ren, he’s a bit battered but otherwise I think he’ll make a fine pet for you. I recommend that you instill a sense of obedience in him tough, he has a tendency to be rather rude.” Mr. Snoke said while giving Kylo a knowing look. Kylo held his tongue. He’d promised himself he would not speak out of turn. He didn’t want to ever be hit again. Notes: This is sort of a filler chapter but at the same time it isn't. The point of it is to show how Kylo has slowly become more damaged just within the few hours he's been in custody of Snoke. It does get hard to read at some points. Also I will confirm that Kylo was in the process of having a seizure befor he got bit.