It is hard to walk in the snow, it’s fall under the weight of a man. And the earth is moving, in agony of the last moments of the Planet. There is no time. Not for him, or this place. And, to his son. He’s dying somewhere near. Han Solo feels it now. At this very moment, life is leaving body of his child. My son, my boy, my child. When I lost the right to be your father? When didn’t listen to you, when I don’t even try to protect you or when I couldn’t help you? You were asked about help. For help, for protection. Asked just listen your fears, nightmares. But, I didn’t. Forgive an old man, my son. Now I will help you. *** Han doesn’t know how the Force feels. How it use. But now, he’s feel it there. Behind the trees, he saw someone breath, and escaping life. “Sparks” goes from the body, up high, to the sky. There it is, last steps. And his finding… Ben lying on his side, bleeding. I just want to be close to you at night, when you are sleeping. I just want to be close to you, I'm awake, when you're sleeping. Han’s boots touching dark clothes. The snow under his feet red with blood. Too much blood, that he wouldn’t worry. Too many around red “paint”. Ben lies there, his eyes open. Looking at sky. Is he late? It’s so empty, where once was so much life. Is he late? With a trembling hand, father touch his child head. Falls to his legs, when he feeling the warmth. Raises again, holding his son on his arms. Ben's eyes empty, like a dead man, lips white. His face cut across. And touching him, Han wipes the blood, like tears, from her face. Am I too late? Breathing... Ben breathing, slowly, almost reluctantly. He’s alive. Wait a little, son, while I will help you. Nothing need’s as much protection as you, in the darkness of the world. Even mercenaries I call, After all, a dark realm has surrounded us Han does not feel the weight of Ben’s body, but feel warm blood drops, life falling on white snow blanket. Too early for preparing the funeral shroud for his son. His life in the hands of his father. *** After almost lose a hope for a miracle, Ben still alive. He hadn’t time, he’s flying through the stars. Not letting anyone to touch, to help, to talk. Ben lay silent for many days. They say that he lost vision in his right eye, say that it was almost late with his hand. Talk, talk, talk... only on father’s heart is not easier. His son is not sleep, between sleeping and waking, waking and slipping again, in the endless nightmare where he has no salvation. You must be brave, my son, listen to me. The old man returned from the Light, from the Force, though from the Darkness, I don’t know it all. I'm thinking about you, my son. Forgive the old fool whom was blind, was deaf and callous. Only forgive. And nothing needs as much time as protections, Because you can hardly find it. That’s why you’re dreaming, That one protect you, But it remains just a dream. *** Ben returned to life, with a wild long looking to the world. Will you forgive, my son, what a fool your father was? Who didn’t look, who was afraid, to find and not to know how return. In a distances space, far-far away, all I hoping that my son was alive. You'll forgive the old man whom was bad, because was afraid just to look in your eyes. You was angry, and you're right, your father is useless, I was a coward. I din't have enough courage to simply ask: "How you doing, my son?". No one brings light into the day, that is so dark And yet you have dared to live because it’s right! Yet nothing needs as much protection as you, please believe me! Ben, it's I’m who have to shed tears, I had missed a years. I didn't know how you were, how you grew up. I didn't listen, when you yelling, I was blind. I didn't know how afraid you was, my son... now, let me close your eyes with my hands. Just let me protect you. I just want to be close to you at night, when you are sleeping. I just want to be close to you, I'm awake, when you're sleeping. *** Ben sleeping peace for the first time in many days. Not tormented more for anything. Strong sleep, and healthy. Father next to his child, and grasps his hand. I just want to be close to you at night, When you sleep, when you go I just want to be close to you, Be close to you Notes: It's a gift to my father's birthday. Love you, dad!