Embarkation Case Notes: Solo Wednesday, the 19th of March, 1924 I have a new client, and with that a new commission, which of course means gainful employment for the next few months. Already I have packed my few belongings in my old trunk, and this is the last entry I expect to pen before I shut up my office temporarily and leave to take ship tomorrow morning. My landlady, the long-suffering Mrs. Murlees, has been notified of my impending journey, and following my payment of the rest of the year’s rent in advance from my client’s generous fee, she agreed to help board and care for dear Millicent, who sits purring before my fireplace grate completely unsuspicious of my recent bustle and activity. I should be quite thoroughly out of work were we humans all as trusting and as loyal as this little orange cat. My bell rang shortly after luncheon a week ago - it was a raw, rainy day outside, and I had therefore appeased my hunger with a cold, frugal lunch scavenged from a nearly-empty icebox and promised internally to make up for deficiencies later should my unexpected visitor be a client, rather than an acquaintance or, God forbid, a creditor. My visitor was a small woman, dressed in the dull black of deepest mourning. A veil hung low over her face, concealing her features almost entirely, and her dress was sewn of black bombazine, a strangely old-fashioned fabric despite the modern length of her skirt. No doubt it had been cut down from an older garment in a display of sense and frugality, and the faintest, most grandmotherly fragrance of lavender water emanated from her person as I stood, shook her hand and invited her to sit down in the old but capacious chair before my desk. Her companion (a young woman scarcely free of her girlhood), dressed also in somber black, did not enter the room, but stood instead outside as guardian of our privacy. There are some who glibly describe the kind of women who would cross a private investigator’s threshold as the kind who bring trouble, but according to my experience they are generally all troubled, and many of them should never have thought of bringing their troubles to my attention were their situations not so dire. This lady struck me at once as collected despite her great grief, of a heart bleeding even as its owner clung to dignity and etiquette as a prop and comfort in this dark time. “My condolences, Mrs -” I had asked her, and she had reached up with a black-gloved hand and lifted the veil slowly away from her face, revealing a visage well-preserved still, the lines of age around her eyes and mouth lending her an aura of warmth and authority. My first instinct had been right - she was a troubled woman indeed, and once very fair in her vernal youth, I reckoned, despite my personal unfamiliarity with feminine ideals. “I am Mrs. Leia Organa Solo,” she said, clasping her hands in her lap, and I nodded to myself, having read the obituary in the newspaper several days prior to her call at my office. Her voice was crisp, her accent pure but sharper than my own, having come from across the Atlantic. Mrs. Solo was a wealthy heiress and philanthropist, daughter of one of the oldest families in Boston. She had married Dr. Han Solo, an archaeologist and Egyptologist, whose recent finds in Fayum had stirred a new wave of Egyptomania across most of the Western world. The match was, by all accounts, a well-made one, and they had lived for the last thirty years in connubial bliss quite unheard-of amongst the names of the great and wealthy, where marriages are sometimes made for connexion and mutual advantage rather than the flush of romance and love. The official accounts had described Dr. Solo’s sudden death as an accident, but there had been other unsettling rumours circulating around, of a son gone mad from drink or debauchery, of disinheritance, and of a last, fatal duel. Most sensible individuals would give such racy and sensationalist talk no heed - and indeed I advise most people to ignore such rumors, but my profession as investigator often involves gleaning truth from exaggeration, and thus I had taken note of the rumors as they surfaced, albeit with the appropriate amount of scepticism applied. “Your late husband was a great and learned man, Mrs. Solo, and we have lost much with his passing,” I said, regretting the meager fire I had lit in my grate for want of fuel. “Thank you, Mr. Hux,” she said in a tone of voice that indicated quite plainly that the time for conventional pleasantries was over. “I have come to you because of your reputation and also your discretion, both attested to by my old family friend, Miss Mon Mothma.” I had heard little more from Miss Mothma after the end of my commission (which I shall not detail herein for the usual reasons of client privacy), but it gratified me greatly to hear from Mrs. Solo that she had testified to my professionalism when queried. “Of course,” I nodded, trying to conceal what would be an unbecoming satisfaction behind an appropriate degree of solemnity, remembering that I was speaking to a woman newly bereft of husband and protector in an unforgiving world. Mrs. Solo reached for the purse she had carried in her lap, and pulled out a small leather wallet which she opened and laid on my desk. “I want you to find my son,” she said as I picked up the wallet and looked at its contents. In the wallet was a photograph of a young man, his eyes extraordinary, dark and flashing even through the sepia of the print. In his face I saw a certain resemblance to Mrs. Solo’s, in the orbits of his eyes, in his high, sharp cheekbones and his dark, wavy hair. Surely her gray hair was once as dark as his, in her lost youth. “This is he?” I asked her, just to confirm, and she nodded once, the edges of her veil trembling with the movement of her head. “My only son, Ben. He -” she hesitated then, lowered her eyes, and then soldiered on, her gloved hands clenching into fists around the handle of her purse, “He is a sensitive soul, and has never recovered entirely from the trenches. He returned to us with shell-shock.” I nodded then, being myself a veteran of the Great War - have I not detailed in my personal diaries the nightmares from which I have woken, of the sounds of bullets whizzing past my head, and the bubbling gasps of dying men? “I understand, Mrs. Solo,” I said, trying to sound as reassuring as I could. Some hardened hearts do not understand what trench warfare wrings out of a man’s soul, calling survivors cowards and madmen, but what is madness if not a wound in the mind that may never heal? She dabbed then at her eyes with a clean linen handkerchief, and I sat in silence, not wanting to press her. My clients all tell their stories at their own pace. “We had Ben at a sanatorium in upstate New York at first, but the cold baths and strict measures they had recommended did little to restore him to himself. He only grew wilder and tried to hurt himself, scratching at his own skin, until the doctors were forced to put him in the most abominable restraints. My heart bled when I saw him raving to himself, begging to die, and I thought that if my son were to die, then he would die in the bosom of his family, with loved ones all around. So I persuaded Han to have Ben taken from the sanatorium after that first year and brought to our country estate near Arkham, in Massachusetts.” I had heard of Arkham, seat of its eponymous county, and of the great and august Miskatonic University, an institution of learning almost as grand in scale, if not in age, as the University of Oxford, my alma mater. I had never been so fortunate as to visit Arkham, but I had heard many things of its healthy forests, free of insalubrious fog and miasma, and the beauty of the rural landscape. No doubt the Solos’ country estate would have been a better place for Ben Solo than the sanatorium he had resided in. Mrs. Solo hesitated then, and dabbed again at her eyes with her handkerchief, and my heart went out to her, my dormant chivalry wakening again in the face of her fear and sorrow. I know myself to be a strange and sometimes heartless man, but the grief of a mother fearing for her son is one of the purest emotions left to mankind, and it began to thaw the germs of pity that I had thought frozen away in my bitter heart. “Please, take your time,” I told her then, but she shook her head sternly, and mustered the strength to continue her sad tale. “Ben remained insensate for days, but slowly he began to awaken, and to recognize me and his father, and I took that as the signs of recovery. By the end of the second year he was almost himself again, if languid and depressed, and Han thought that it would be better if Ben had something to occupy himself with beside his thoughts and night terrors. His education at Harvard had been interrupted by the war, and we thought it would be good for him to return to his former life, with few reminders of the horrors he had seen. My brother Luke is a professor at Miskatonic University, where he studies ancient mythology, and we made enquiries for Ben to enroll as a student under his charge.” “That was when everything seemed to heal. Ben was wild, sometimes. He would claim to hear things that I did not, but that is something that happens with shell-shock. I imagined that he would sometimes be caught in a waking dream, enemies all around him, because he would sometimes fight opponents who only he could see. But those spells were rare and brief, and he seemed to improve with the regular discipline of classes and readings. Until last month.” Mrs. Solo hesitated then, paused, and looked down at her black-gloved hands still wrapped tight around the handle of her purse. “What happened last month?” I asked her as gently as I could, sensing that we had come to the point of her tale where she needed prompting rather than silence. “Ben had been amusing himself compiling the family genealogy as far back as he could take it, something he had decided to pursue in the days after Christmas last year. He began first with the Solo and Organa families, but then asked me for more information about my birth parents. It is common knowledge that my brother and I were adopted as infants and I had never hidden the truth from him. I had very little information to give Ben, but he was determined to search. He spoke with the family solicitors in New York, and then checked the records of the Episcopal Church in Boston, where I was baptised and christened. He managed to find out the name of his maternal grandfather after that - Anakin Skywalker, The Lord Vader, the last of his line. From there Ben managed to acquire several old books from a dealer in London, who acquired them in an estate sale after his death in 1872.” “Thereafter Ben began a lengthy correspondence with various individuals, experts, he told me, at history and students of the practices of natural philosophy - a field that Han told me was long discredited with the modern advent of science. He would sleep only infrequently, and eat only when he was reminded to, but his spirits were high and he was still my own dear boy. ‘Mama,’ he told me once, when I summoned him down to dinner, ‘you might be the daughter of a queen! Imagine that!’ Surely not any of the crowned heads of Europe, I told him, I am certainly not a lost princess of any nation. He only smiled, and told me that he was fairly sure that I was the princess of an ancient and mysterious Oriental people whose royal house was once richer and more august than that of any European monarch ruling today.” “And then -” Mrs Solo stopped, and shuddered, and I paused in the middle of my notes, leaning against my desk, my fundament perched at the very edge of my own wobbly chair. “He went mad.” Her voice was flat with the utter emptiness of someone who has cried so long and so hard that there is nothing left within except an abiding hollowness. I knew well how that felt, and I put my pen down and looked away from my notes. It seemed obscene then to be brisk and professional in the face of her great loss. Mrs. Solo looked into my eyes, and her dark gaze was charged with unspeakable emotion, its intensity frightening in the calm set of her features. “Ben went mad. He shot his own father. And he has run away to the Continent, I am sure of it. And I am here to ask you to help me find him, detective, and bring him home again.” I hesitated briefly, wondering then why she had chosen to come to me, a modest detective of small reputation, instead of turning to the Pinkertons or a similar agency such as the Thiel Detective Service Company. While such agencies had indeed suffered a loss of prestige with the 1908 establishment of the American Federal Bureau of Investigation, both agencies still retained a competent staff and would no doubt be highly interested in Mrs. Solo’s search for her missing son. She looked at me then, as though reading my thoughts, and I sensed beneath the mantle of her grief a powerful force of personality, a kind of animal magnetism which compensated for her slight build and widow’s weeds to give her the command of an elder statesman. This was a woman whose gaze could put steel into the spines of fighting men, and whose words could stir an army, and I realized that I had already begun to admire her and would have gladly served under her generalship. “Mrs. Solo,” I said, recalling myself to my small office, to the hard rain driving against the window behind me, “Do you know of your son’s whereabouts, or have you mostly conjecture at this point?” “He has sent me a telegram.” She reached into her purse, again, and passed me a slip of paper, with the common Western Union masthead, across my scratched desk. I picked it up and glanced at it, noting that it had been sent from Paris two weeks before our meeting, on the 27th of February. MAMA I SEARCH FOR GRANDFATHERS LEGACY WILL WRITE SOON BEN --- From a letter dated March 13th, 1924. Dearest Mama. I promised I would write, and so I have. I wish you and Uncle Luke had told me about Grandfather years before - I arrived in London to find most of his writings either destroyed or in the hands of private collectors. You would not believe the prices these puffed-up old bookmongers wish me to pay for my inheritance and legacy. But what I have come here to find is beyond any material price. You, Mama, are a lost princess - I know you do not believe me, and I know you think me mad, but the kingdom exists. Grandfather did not falsify his findings. And if you are a lost princess, Mama, that makes me a foundling prince. Did Father think me a cuckoo’s get, planted in his home to batten? Did he think me his? Does he not know the miracles of spontaneous generation, of the marvels and aberrations of life and its genesis? Did he know, Mama? Did he try to hide my birthright from me? Do not mourn him. You cling only to a narrow slice of the real world when you do so. There is a man who worked acquisitions for a private athenaeum, who may know where some of Grandfather’s writings are now kept, and I go in haste to see him now. I shall find Leng, Mama. I shall find Grandfather’s map, and I shall retrace his steps, and one day I shall return for you, and bring you to our true home. Your loving son, Ben Investigator’s note: The above letter arrived at Mrs. Solo’s London lodgings, its contents sealed with crimson wax. The envelope bore no stamp or postmark, and there were no witnesses to its delivery. The seal on the envelope was compared to seals preserved from examples dating back to the life of Anakin Skywalker, The Lord Vader, and judged to be either an authentic imprint from his signet ring, lost after his death in 1872, or an imprint from an identical copy. --- Entry from the personal diary of James Allan Hux, portions translated from Greek by Professor Poe Dameron, Philologist, Miskatonic University Wednesday, March 19th, 1924 O heart, how fares it with thee now, That thou should'st fail from thy desire, Who scarcely darest to inquire, 'What is it makes me beat so low?' Dear Thomas, I spent most of the last week cudgeling my brains out over the S case - I still do not understand why Mrs. S has engaged me. I watched her leave my office and noticed that her chauffeur was more than just a chauffeur. He was a strong young man with the bearing and posture of a soldier, perhaps a veteran from one of the American colored regiments that served on the Western Front. Call it instinct, or maybe an overly suspicious mind, but the man carried himself like a professional bodyguard. I made several inquiries, all of them private, and received an answer from a contact two days later. Not only is her ostensible chauffeur F a veteran of the 369th Infantry Regiment, the famed “Harlem Hellfighters”, but Mrs. S has also retained the Pinkerton Detective Agency for her personal protection. Perhaps she fears her son. I cannot blame her if that is the case, but then I wonder why she then went to the additional trouble and expense of retaining me as her private investigator. I do not mistrust her, but I suspect that in engaging me she seeks a more delicate, discreet handling of the matter. Nevertheless I am aware of the potential for danger in this commission, and I have taken the appropriate steps - retrieved my old pistol from the locked case under my bed and checked the renewal date on my license. All seems to be in order. Earlier this afternoon I went to see Dr. K for a physical examination as I try to each time I take a new commission. I wonder why I bother sometimes - he asks the same questions always: whether I have been taking care of myself, if I have taken care to wrap up warmly. He chooses his words carefully, as always, so as not to alarm me, but I need no cosseting from the truth. Today he asked none of the usual questions. He only looked at me with those sad, solemn eyes and asked me only if my chest had hurt more than it had before, which it had not. He assures me my lungs are clear and that it is not tuberculosis yet, only the ghost of the mustard-gas, but the cough bothers me more each winter, and I am sure that it is only a matter of time before I find blood spotting my handkerchief. I could have returned to my office and lodgings afterwards for a quiet dinner alone, and heated myself a hot bath with the coal my advance had bought me, but I dreaded the prospect of climbing the stairs with the drizzle outside. The cold and exertion would only provoke my cough into more acts of mischief. Instead I walked down to the Turkish baths, where, as you know, I prefer to retreat every time the weather is raw and my chest poorly. There were several others in attendance, as was usual, but I fended most of the enquiries off politely, and ensconced myself in the steam-room, breathing the hot air gratefully for some time. I felt the pain in my ribs lessen and start to fade, and I shut my eyes and let myself lose track of the passage of time, marking only the breaths I took and striving to keep them slow and even when someone sat down beside me on the wicker couch. It was M, who appeared distinctly glad to see me at this hour. “I didn’t think you would be out on a day like this,” he said by way of greeting, and I could not help but smile at his earnestness. He has always been rather intimidated by the larger men here, although I do not know why. I do not question his tastes, and he seems glad to spend his time with me. “The warm air helps my cough,” I told him. We repeat our conversations constantly, leaning on familiar mummeries for want of a more authentic connection. “Besides, I’ll be out of the country for the near future,” I shrugged, and he tipped his head to the side, curious. M looks utterly fresh and boyish most of the time, for all his Broad Street solicitor’s airs, but in that moment he looked very adult, and very grave, and I realized that I had grown very tired of the solemnity and pity that others present in my direction once they discern my failing health. “Another commission?” he asked, breaking the moment, “or are you actually giving yourself a well-deserved holiday?” “Work,” I said, and he nodded once, let his long eyelashes veil his eyes in an expression that I have always found quite irresistible, and at length I let him comfort me with his touch and his kisses, shared with him what relief my poor body could give. I miss you, Thomas, but you are not here, and you can never be here, and I can only keep chasing the faintest shadow of what it is to love and be loved by you. --- Entry from the journal of Kylo Ren, undated. I dreamed myself awake today, and I saw him. I saw more clearly when the dream recurred this time, when Grandfather held the mirror before me yet again. Always I look into the mirror to see a strange scarred mask of silver and ebony, find myself transfixed painlessly with a burning sword, and I think of the stanzas of Dante’s La divina commedia. ne le braccia avea madonna involta in un drappo dormendo. Poi la svegliava, e d'esto core ardendo lei paventosa umilmente pascea: appresso gir lo ne vedea piangendo. My heart burns within me, it is true, but who shall I feed it to? But I saw my quarry behind me, in the reflection of the mirror. His shadowed blue eyes, and hair like red gold, and a death’s head in his face, hiding death full blown in his heart. He coughed and rose petals drifted out of his mouth like Heliogabalus’ folly and drifted away on a dry desert wind. He hunts me on wings of hunger with a weapon in his hand, but I do not fear him. He is coming for me. Chapter 2 : Faces Summary: Content warning: Explicit gore and the aftermath of significant violence Content warning: 1920s racism and race terminology Content warning: the eldritch abomination Kylo Ren is implied to have eaten someone Content warning: implied 1920s homophobia, mostly the consequences of said --- The chase is afoot, my dear readers! Detective Hux searches for Ben Solo in Paris, and finds more than he expects to find. Meanwhile, Ren anticipates the arrival of his quarry and eases his way considerably with an unasked-for gift and an unexpected clue. Notes: While I maintain a literary style suited to the Edwardian era and the interwar period, I have taken some liberties with accuracy with regards to the auction listing from Christie's, and the ship that will bear Hux away from Paris, as there was no SS Polaris in 1924. I have based the ship on the Bergen Line's SS Stella Polaris, she being an ocean liner that plied the Pacific Route beginning 1927. The italicized M stands for Monsieur . For those who wonder, the investigator A.C is Airen Cracken, from the original trilogy. O.L of course refers to Owen Lars. The poem Hux quotes this chapter is The Second Coming , by Yeats. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Auction listing from the house of Christie, Manson and Woods, King Street, London, found among the possessions of Benjamin Solo in his chambers at the Solo estate in Arkham, Massachusetts following the death of Dr. Han Solo. Lot Description (JEAN-MARIE MANSART, FRENCH, 1842-1902) The Lady Vader (c. unknown - c. 1872), in Tyrian purple robes, wearing an Oriental head-dress, reclining upon a gold striped cream-colored chaise; column background signed and dated in full on the backing card 'The Right Honorable Padmé Amidala Skywalker/ Lady Vader/ Princess of House Naberrie/ JMM Pinxt. 1871' oil paint on ivory oval, 3½ in. (87 mm.) high, gold frame set with seed pearls and garnets, with enameled back Provenance M . J.M Mansart collection, 1871 -1902 M . L.S. Tekka collection, 1902 - present. Lot Notes The Right Honorable Anakin Skywalker, Lord Vader, was in his life a staunch explorer and prolific writer, whose legacy has been sadly overlooked in the aftermath of his sudden and untimely death. His former estate remains still in ruins, and his few surviving possessions have passed into private collections. Lord Vader met his bride while upon an exploration of the ancient Silk Road and while academic records prove the existence of his copious monographs on the hermit kingdom of Naboo upon the plateau of Leng, most of the originals have been lost, and modern expeditions launched to rediscover the kingdom and establish diplomatic contact have all failed thus far. He wed her in foreign fashion and then brought her back to Europe, where she continued to live and dress according to the habit of her people, remaining veiled except in private, among relatives and chosen retainers. Vicious rumors circulated in society insinuating that the Lady Vader was not truly a princess of a lost royal house, but rather the Lord’s Negro mistress in disguise, but this rare unveiled portrait shows a woman of pure race and high breeding, whose beauty easily surpasses that of her contemporaries. M . Mansart was commissioned to paint this portrait of the Lady Vader in 1871 for the then-princely sum of five thousand guineas, but delivery of this commission was never completed due to the tragic fire that razed the Lord Vader’s estate to the ground. Both the Lord and Lady Vader perished in the fire and M . Mansart, who confessed in his private journals to “a strange tortured affection for the Lady, her foreign airs, and her delicate beauty”, kept the miniature in his possession until his death in 1902 where it passed to his nephew and sole heir, M . L.S. Tekka. Listing ends here, having been torn from its page in a catalog. --- Entry from the journal of Kylo Ren, undated. I hold Grandmother’s face in my hands and yet I know it for a lie. It is as much a lie as my mother’s name - Leia Organa, as much a lie as the whiteness of my shirt-front and the skin of my hands. I know what lies, truly, on the reverse of the ivory slab, the true portrait that M . Mansart painted, having been lulled by Grandmother’s glamour. Banish the jetty locks and oriental eye, that coiffure of braids and that carefully penciled brow, and lift the mask of powder to see what lies beneath. Had I the tools I would have removed the miniature from its frame and turned it over to behold my inheritance. No fallen angel, no risen ape; something greater and stranger hailing from beyond the stars. “Yet who would have thought the old man to have had so much blood in him.” That was Lady Macbeth, not I, but the human body does hold a surprising amount of blood within its veins, and I am only grateful that it does not show against the black of evening dress. He is in Paris, my morsel, my saint of hunters, but I go not to him despite my longing and my hunger. He searches for me, soft words tumbling out of his mouth. He hunts with words and with francs, and sometimes with the faintest of threats, but he never strays far from my tracks. I leave him tiny clues so he can spoor me. I remain longer than I should where I am, because I am curious to see how far he can come, limited by his mortal senses and the slow decay of his lungs. Grandfather refuses to show me the mirror again, lest I wrest it still in my dreams and use it to scry the Englishman again, my amuse-gueule . I know Grandfather is impatient for me to do his bidding, but all work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. There is a young woman named Adéle who waits for me downstairs. Her thoughts are shallow, constrained, circling repeatedly in an exigency of fear. Oh, they will evict her, and her mother, if she does not find the money to pay the rent. Maman will not stop drinking, and every day she asks for more money, blames her for their wretched state. The taste of her anxiety is exhilarating, bittersweet, sends my changing heart pounding in a heretofore unfamiliar passion. “Oh, if I had never had you, if I had afforded that abortion,” her mother rages. “Oh, if bearing you and caring for you had not ruined my looks and figure, then I would have been the Comte’s favorite!” And so in her selfish hypocrisy she pushes her daughter into her profession, and places her at the mercy of man-shaped creatures who come to her in the night and steal her warmth and youth in exchange for grubby bank-notes. They devour her slowly, nibble by nibble, until one day she will be used up, like her mother is, and cast away like an empty bottle. She thinks me a young American wastrel dazzled by strong drink and beautiful women, who will perhaps favor her kindly and pay her well, perhaps even retain her as a mistress. Poor girl. I am so hungry. --- Case Notes: Solo, Monday, the 31st of March, 1924 Mrs. Solo has made it very clear that she wants no official sûreté or gendarmerie involvement in this search for her son, which places me in my natural element, and for which I am grateful. I much prefer to work through address, not violence, in my investigations, and I go armed only as a last resort, for neither etiquette, gallantry nor prayer can stop a bullet or a blade. I have been in Paris several days, and the information that Mrs. Solo has had couriered to me has proven invaluable in my search for her son. She has kindly let me keep the photograph in its wallet, although I suspect most would find it hard to forget a visage so striking and singular as her son’s. I received in the sealed package also several transcriptions of correspondences found in Ben Solo’s possessions after his flight from Arkham, among them a listing from an auction detailing a miniature portrait that had been commissioned by the Lord Vader himself, shortly before his death. My initial inquiries on the present ownership of the item, at the house of Christie, Manson and Woods went initially unanswered based on the pertinent and valid reason of customer privacy. Undeterred, I took another approach and instead spoke to an appraiser several days before I took ship from London to Calais. My second informant was somewhat more loquacious in the face of my questioning. The dinner I had plied him with had helped, no doubt, as had the brandy he had been imbibing over our meal. Some might describe my above actions as ungentlemanly , and I do confess to a broad streak of cunning which I do utilize as the situation calls for it. In any event, I soon had a name to enquire after. The portrait miniature had been acquired by a man named Kylo Ren, who had paid for his acquisition in cash . No small deed, when Ren had outbid others interested in that portrait to the sum of twelve thousand pounds . Such a quantity of money had to have come from somewhere. While my garrulous acquaintance from the auction house could give me no more information, one of my contacts in finance could and did bring me several tidbits, which proved interesting, if not entirely useful. Firstly: that a particular bank in London had recently received, as a deposit, a certain amount of large, oddly-shaped gold coins for the very sum of twenty-five thousand pounds. Those coins bore fantastic creatures upon their obverse faces and were oddly dulled in color, bearing a blackish patina, despite independent assays guaranteeing their purity. Secondly: That the individual who had brought the gold in for deposit had been tall and dark, possessed of an American accent, and that he had claimed to have inherited the coins from his grandfather’s estate. When shown the photograph, my contact confirmed that the man had borne an uncanny resemblance to Ben Solo. “Only the eyes are different,” she had said, as I folded the wallet back up and put it in a pocket. “His eyes were darker, as though there was no light to them, no reflection.” My contact also mentioned that he wore a ring with a carved red stone in it and a blue flower in the buttonhole of his coat, but she could not identify the blossom. Thirdly and lastly: The account at said bank had belonged to one Kylo Ren, and the account had been cashed out and closed quite swiftly on the 13th of February. My investigation of the alias Kylo Ren was fruitless, however, the Kensington High Street address provided to the auction house being a falsified one. That still provided me with valuable information, however. The auction for the miniature portrait had taken place on Valentine’s Day, the 14th of February. Dr. Solo’s obituary had listed his date of death as the 20th of February according to New York time, which meant that Ben Solo had lapsed into his fit of madness and killed his father within hours of his return home to Arkham. I wondered what had occurred during those four or five days while Ben Solo had crossed the Atlantic Ocean aboard a liner. On my arrival in Calais I took a train to Paris, resolving to acquire an introduction to M . Tekka if at all possible, so as to interview him about the portrait and ask about other items from the Lord Vader’s estate that might be of interest to Ben Solo. To that end I had sent a brief telegram to Inspecteur Étienne Thanisson, a professional acquaintance of mine, just in case Mrs. Solo’s social circles would not avail me of such a thing. Some might wonder about my roundabout way of doing things - why introductions, when I can quite likely step off the street and set up an interview without any preamble? My reasons for this are twofold. Firstly, there must be as little fuss made as possible in searching for someone who wishes to remain unfound. Should I attempt to accost M . Tekka unintroduced and ask him some questions, I could attract the notice of official authorities, which would simultaneously alarm and displease Mrs. Solo, possibly also cause enough of a ripple that Ben Solo might be alerted to my presence in Paris. Secondly, I do not place the suffix “Esq.” by my name for vanity or frivolity’s sake. Despite my straitened circumstances I do in fact reside in that liminal zone separating titled peers from mere gentlemen. My father was the younger son of an earl, my paternal grandmother a Jonkvrouw , or the daughter of a Knight of Belgium, and my mother was a daughter of the previous Knight of Glin. This grants me no noble rights or title, only the ability to address and infiltrate Society on my own terms. My clients often retain my services for that capability - certain individuals are more willing to speak to me than one of a lower social station, trusting to my discretion to keep their good names unbesmirched. I can choose to descend the social ladder, of course, “slumming” in order to blend in, conducting myself as a rake and a debauchee to gain access to other sources of information. Investigator’s notes: Considering the contents of Mr. Hux’s personal diary, one suspects that he does in fact have considerable experience in the pursuits of raking hell and debauchery. - A.C Only because the exigency of secrecy forced him to do so - were his personal proclivities legal he would likely have lived a rather conventional life. - P.D We retain your services presently for translation, Professor, and not for your liberal opinions. - A.C Homo sum, humani nihil a me alienum puto. - P.D --- From a newspaper clipping dated Monday, the 17th of February, 1924 Tomb of the Lord Vader Broken Into, Ransacked The family crypt belonging to the late Right Honorable Anakin Skywalker, the last Lord Vader, has been desecrated in what the police are describing as a present-day grave-robbing. The wrought-iron gate to the crypt itself had been prised open, and the stone niches shattered with what appears to have been a crowbar, and the Lord and Lady’s remains stolen for reasons unknown. The exact date and time of the robbery cannot be affirmed due to a lack of witnesses, but the tomb’s desecration was noticed on the afternoon of Saturday, the 15th of February, by a visitor who had wished to take rubbings of the intricate stonework on the crypt’s exterior, and the police alerted subsequently. “The most peculiar thing is that only Lord and Lady Vader’s graves were ransacked,” said Detective Peter Rodinon, “for it was common knowledge that the Dowager Lady Shmi Skywalker was interred in all her finery, and if the motives for this terrible crime had been pecuniary surely her remains would have been desecrated as well.” The crypt and the niches within had lain untended since the death of Lord and Lady Vader in 1872, as the Lord died without issue, and this ghastly crime only underscores the lack of respect for his memory that has prevailed in these intervening years. --- Entry from the personal diary of James Allan Hux, portions translated from Greek by Professor Poe Dameron, Philologist, Miskatonic University Wednesday, the 2nd of April, 1924 My God, Thomas, M. Tekka is dead. Mrs. S was unable to secure me a letter of introduction in timely manner, and so I fell back on our old acquaintance, E.T. He has risen in the ranks of the Sûreté in recent years, and now answers to the rank of Inspecteur principal, and I had anticipated that his guidance would be invaluable while I undertake my commission in Paris. He was unable to meet me for breakfast, however, leaving only a brief message at my lodgings that expressed apology for cancelling on such short notice, and that he would try to contact me as soon as he was free to meet. I decamped from my hired lodgings then, and walked to an address in the Marais, to a private athenaeum reputed to possess a few surviving copies of the lost works of the Lord V, B’s grandfather. I had secured admittance to the premises on the recommendation of Professor L.S. from the Mythology Department of Miskatonic University in Arkham. Professor S is B’s uncle, Mrs. S’s twin brother. Had his circumstances been different he would have been reared in England and inherited the title, being the next Lord V. As it was, he was adopted by the late Lord V’s stepbrother, O.L., and brought up in relative anonymity, apart from his sister. Professor S spared no expense or labor in easing my investigations - the letter of recommendation to the keeper of the athenaeum had been couriered to my London chambers by air. He had also wired ahead to the athenaeum to have relevant volumes reserved for my use. As expected, I attracted little to no attention on the way there. My shabby overcoat and red worsted muffler rendered me invisible once I had mingled with the crowds on the streets. My old leather satchel was sufficiently scholar-like, my gaze fixed and preoccupied, and I spoke to and was spoken to by no-one. In the athenaeum I was received with little ceremony, Professor S’s letter indicating only that I was an attested scholar who could be trusted to examine and make copies from the valuable tomes in the athenaeum’s private collection. I left my satchel in a cubby at the reception desk, took the numbered tag the attendant handed me in return, and then doffed my hat and coat and left those on the hooks mounted on the wall for members’ convenience in inclement weather. I was then escorted to a private reading-room with a heavy, rather ponderous-looking antique desk and a well-worn, if comfortable chair. I put on the white cotton gloves the librarian had requested I wear, opened the cover of the first, heavy tome, and started to read. Lord V was a veritable polymath, a Renaissance man, and even this athenaeum’s relatively scanty pickings offered me a dizzying array of monographs, many in subjects that I am simply not conversant in. To that end, I conserved my time and energies in searching primarily for clues as to where a grandson obsessed with the Lord V’s past expeditions might go next, and what B might have meant in that telegram to his mother, when he had referred to his grandfather’s legacy. My notes were littered eventually with exotic and unusual locations that corresponded with no modern map - places with names like Ulthar and Celephaïs, the Isle of Oriab and the Plateau of Leng. I remained in the athenaeum for several hours, so focused on my work that I did not mark the passage of time until had I looked up briefly from my notebook, my neck stiff and sore, and realized that someone had turned the electric lights on, and that the light outside was fading. I stood up then, feeling my knees protest, and then my belly expressed its displeasure with a sudden, nauseating qualm of hunger. I picked up my notebook and pencil, retrieved my overcoat and hat and returned the numbered tag in exchange for my satchel. The notebook went into the satchel, and I checked to make sure the flap was buckled securely shut, and then I left the athenaeum and walked slowly back to my lodgings in the rapidly cooling air. A stiff breeze was blowing over the Seine, and I thought of you, Thomas, and the last time we walked in Paris together, wanting to hold hands but being too abashed and afraid to. The memory twisted at my heart, almost unmanned me as I walked alone, but I could blame my tears on the wind, and the redness of my nose on the chill, and still retain most of my dignity. T was waiting for me when I returned to my lodgings, his expression vaguely impatient, and I realized then that I had told no one where I had gone, and had left no instructions with the front desk in case someone had wanted to speak with me. I expressed my abject apologies for that inexcusable thoughtlessness, but T brushed my attempts away, his eyes vaguely distracted behind the businesslike mask he wears whenever on official business, and I started to feel a sense of apprehension lurking cold and heavy at the very bottom of my gullet. I offered to receive him in my chambers, as an attempt to gauge the seriousness of my situation, but he shrugged, smiled, and then doffed his work face like one removes a mask. Peacetime has not changed him much, Thomas. T is still slender and delicate, his flaxen hair still worn in a neat and severe part to the right. He still looks rather like his Norwegian grandfather, despite his utter Frenchness, and at length he proposed that we take dinner together. I agreed to dinner, being rather famished from having forgotten breakfast and luncheon, and I was relieved to find, as we exited the hotel, that there were no constables waiting to arrest me outside. I felt constantly aware of the weight of the revolver hidden under my coat, and as we walked the short distance to his favorite restaurant I kept my eyes and ears open, alert to potential surveillance in the evening crowds around us. At the restaurant T requested a private dining room barely large enough to contain four chairs and a slightly-undersized table, and I realized as we sat down that the expression he had been trying to hide beneath his professionalism was one of great and weary unhappiness. His smile did not extend much past his cheeks, and his eyes looked like blown-out light bulbs in the thin light from an electric lamp overhead. “I was going to congratulate you on your promotion,” I told him, once the host had left us, “but I sense that it would be a foolish thing to do.” “What? No, I like the job,” said T, with a false cheer that reminded me of nurses in a TB ward, and I knew then what was troubling him so much. “It’s the Demon Wife, isn’t it?” I probed gently, and at that T took up his water glass and drained it desperately, as though its contents were gin or vodka, sighed as he put the empty glass back down. “I can’t hate her,” he murmured softly, after a few moments of hesitation, “it’s not her fault. But I do resent her, and I’m ashamed of it.” I pushed my untouched glass of water across the table to him. I was thirsty, but he looked as though he needed it more. He fidgeted uncomfortably, his fingers picking at the nap of the tablecloth, at the edge of his napkin. “You hadn’t told her, the last time we met -” He cut me off. “She still doesn’t know,” he said, “I don’t have the heart to tell her the truth. Which is probably worse.” We both remained silent after that, I out of discretion and T out of misery, and I waited as he toyed briefly with his cutlery, glanced back up at me. He had put his professional face on again, that calm unmoving expression that made him so resemble a waxwork, and I knew then that my initial suspicion had in fact not been an overreaction. Under his personal misery and exhaustion lay something else - a steely sort of hardness that I imagine is what he employs during the less-polite kind of interrogation session. “James,” T asked using my Christian name, which he almost never does, “I need to know why you wanted me to introduce you to M . T.” I knew that the answer I gave would be important, and that I could very easily err and draw the attention of the Sûreté upon my commission, and upon B, and that as an Inspecteur principal , T was someone I had to be very careful in lying to. “I was commissioned to find a stolen family heirloom,” I said, obfuscating my inventions with some truth. “It is an object of great craft, and I suspect that it may have been sold in the Continent under a false provenance. L.S.T. is an expert appraiser and a dealer in artworks, and I thought his advice would be helpful in this case. Why do you ask?” T let out a long, shuddery breath. “Because M . T. was murdered last night. I was just summoned to the scene this morning, which is why I could not meet you at an earlier hour.” I had feared your involvement in that business, he did not say. It was warm, almost too warm in this private dining room, but I felt a sudden chill pass through me, and I was suddenly coughing and gasping, each breath rattling sickly in the back of my throat. T slid my water glass back across the table to me, and frowned, worried, until I had managed to take a shallow breath, and then another. I lifted the handkerchief away from my lips and found it unstained, and was surprised by the wave of disappointment I felt then. “What happened?” I asked T, suddenly aware that Mrs. S’s lost son might have been involved in this, and that I might be indirectly aiding a suspected murderer by diverting the attention of the Sûreté away from him. “I shouldn’t tell you,” T said, “The investigation is ongoing. But, James, it was a horror.” The waiter entered then, bringing our entrees and a bottle of wine, and we decided to drop the subject. Our further conversation was not the sort that needs recording, and at length I managed to persuade T to allow me to view the crime scene tomorrow morning. We returned to my lodgings together, and he came to me like one starving, his touch tentative and afraid like that of an orphan child punished cruelly and unfairly for seeking affection from its carers. Any cynicism I felt at myself for using him so was attenuated, diluted powerfully by a rush of pain and pity for his sorrow and loneliness. I think myself lonely sometimes, Thomas, but at least I am solitary and alone. Someone who must be lonely while surrounded by others is consigned to a Hell so cruel it defeats any kind of faith in a just or loving God. He wept against my chest afterwards, and I could only murmur reassuring nonsense at him until he calmed down. “You can stay, if you like,” I told T, “I won’t mind.” But he had already begun to push himself off the mattress. “No,” he sighed, as he picked his clothing up from the floor, “C will be waiting up for me. I’ve already done enough to her - she’s always afraid something might happen to me at work.” I leaned back in bed and watched him dress slowly, methodically, careful to make sure nothing was out of place so as not to arouse his wife’s suspicions, and I felt a great sadness welling up within me. “I will see you tomorrow, then,” I said, and he nodded brittly, turned away from me, and stepped out the door. --- Case Notes: Solo, Thursday, the 3rd of April, 1924 I do not consider myself a brave man, but I have seen great pities and horrors in the Great War. I am no stranger to violence, having killed in the name of King and country, and I am no stranger to death, having held the dying in my arms just before the orderlies came too late to bear them away to the medical tents. I have watched the night, my hair and clothes stiff with the lifeblood of Englishmen and Germans alike, unable to tell the difference between one stain and another. And yet, what I have found here in the gallery of M . Tekka beggars description. They have taken his body away for postmortem examination, but what they have carted away under a sheet is merely a dry husk of what once was a man. The room is a study in rust, the walls, floor and ceiling covered with a flaking layer of dried gore applied so neatly that one cannot find streaks or blots in it. Unsullied patches stand out here and there, each in the shape of a glyph, each glyph next to another to form words, which jostle alongside each other to form sentences. I know not the system of writing employed here, but each glyph, each word is as neatly outlined as though the murderer, or whoever painted the walls with blood, had employed a stencil. I have managed to access the reports, a favor from Inspecteur principal Thanisson, and have copied them down for future reference but I can sum their findings up as such: M. Tekka was disemboweled, and then hanged, still alive, from a light fixture with his bowels. There was no incision into his abdomen - whoever had done it had somehow managed to slide an implement down his gullet to perforate his stomach and diaphragm and pull up loops of his large and small intestine. And that implement somehow inflicted no trauma upon M . Tekka’s mouth or throat. Not a tooth was out of place. Moreover, the human bowel is simply not strong enough to take the weight of a human body hanging from it - not even that of a slight, elderly man like M . Tekka. Investigators had simulated the scene of death with hog intestines, which are highly similar to the human counterpart, and a sandbag, and the setup had resulted in a disgusting failure each time. The killer had then somehow drained the body of blood without leaving any exterior injuries, and then painted the walls of the gallery with it in the fashion I had described earlier. They subsequently left the grisly scene without leaving a single footprint or smear behind. All of this was supposed to have happened between the hours of midnight and seven in the morning, when M . Tekka’s body had been discovered by a servant engaged to wax the hardwood floors before the gallery was due to open at 10 a.m. This is impossible. Even someone insane enough to murder his own father would simply not have had the ability to do this alone, not in the span of seven hours. If one supposes the participation of accomplices, then one has to consider that multiple perpetrators would each have the potential to blunder, thus making the utter lack of evidence in this situation very improbable. The smell of rotting blood was suddenly thick and warm in my mouth, and I could no longer bear it; I staggered out of the gallery, ducked under the cordon, and knelt at the gutter, where I was very ill for some time. A weak desultory rain had started to fall, faint misty drops sizzling on sun-warmed stone with the sick, heavy scent of petrichor. I remained on my hands and knees for a minute or two, until I felt small, strong hands reach for my shoulders, and then Inspecteur principal Thanisson was helping me up off the ground. I fumbled for my handkerchief, wiped feebly at my mouth and then refolded it with the soiled surface inwards. “You are right,” I told him, “It is a horror. I don’t envy you your position, not one whit.” For some reason the glyphs on the walls, ceiling and floor of the gallery swam blackly and translucently in my eyes as though some kind of after-vision, like the sun-dazzled spots that linger in the gaze after one looks up at the noon sky, and I shook my head hard, as a wet dog does, to try and banish the shapes. “There is something else you should know, detective,” Thanisson told me, after he had let me go, and I waited patiently for his answer. “We have done a preliminary inventory of M . Tekka’s collection, and only one thing was taken.” “What was it?” I asked. My head had started to ache with a fierce throbbing that syncopated with my heartbeat, and I wanted very badly to return to my lodgings and lie down in the watery dark with the curtains drawn. “A work of Jean-Marie Mansart’s,” Thanisson said, “A fantastical map, a commission from an English baron, I remember not the name.” “Vader,” I said numbly, as my hands started to shake, “It was the Lord Vader.” --- Entry from the personal diary of James Allan Hux, portions translated from Greek by Professor Poe Dameron, Philologist, Miskatonic University Friday, the 4th of April, 1924 The blood-dimmed tide is loosed, and everywhere The ceremony of innocence is drowned; The best lack all conviction, while the worst Are full of passionate intensity. Dear Thomas, E.T. insisted on escorting me back to my lodgings after my disgraceful display of weakness at the scene of M . T’s murder. He helped me undress and insisted I get into bed, and asked me if I wanted him to summon a doctor, but I refused. He hesitated, his expression doubtful, but did not try to gainsay me. Instead he told me that he had to return to work, and that he would visit me in the evening, to make sure all was well. I assured him that all would be well and sent him on his way, and then I shut my eyes against the throbbing in my skull and waited for the pain to abate. It faded, after a fashion, but each time I opened my eyes I saw those glyphs floating in my vision again, and even the faint light seemed to nauseate me further. I could feel the hours of the day sliding away, wasted even as Mrs. S waits patiently for me to find her son and return him to his home. Frustrated, I reached down beside my bed and lifted my satchel to my side, unbuckled the flap, and pulled the notebook out. Propping myself upright on some pillows, I squinted at it and then tried to organize my recent findings in my case notes. Previous experience following the incident with the mustard-gas taught me that I can write well enough with only a narrow sliver of sight, and I proceeded thus, feeling the movements of my pencil in my fingertips, writing hard enough to feel the imprint of the pencil in each previous line. The nausea faded as I worked, and then I opened my eyes experimentally to find that I had somehow drawn each sentence as I had remembered it, from the blood-painted walls of M . T’s gallery. Writing them down had made the shapes more substantial, somehow, and they swam no longer in my inner vision when I opened and closed my eyes. And then I looked down to see a small parcel on the bed, just right of where I lay, in the very middle on top of the sheets and blankets. Somehow neither T nor I had noticed its presence earlier, and I had only my poorliness to blame for my inattention. It was wrapped in brown paper of the most common kind, and tied up with string. I picked it up and unwrapped it to find a small white cardboard box, no larger than the palm of my hand. Written on its lid, in ornately ornamented capitals, was a single sentence. To James Allan Hux, Esq , it read. I lifted the little cardboard lid, and found within the box a sheet of very thin paper, the kind one uses for letters sent by air, folded and folded again until it fit within the box. And on top of it, a curious object that I took at first to be a piece of coral or ivory. I picked it up and looked at it to see that it had been inlaid with fine silver wire and marked with fine black lines, and as I hefted its strange denseness in the palm of my hand I realized very suddenly what it was. It was a bone, a long and graceful one that I identified as one of the phalanges in a human hand, large enough to have come from a man of my height and of a somewhat heavier build. Some of the glyphs inlaid and scrimshanded upon its polished surface matched the ones I had just written in my notebook. I put the finger bone down very carefully on top of the blanket, and then unfolded the sheet of paper that had remained in the box. Detective Hux, it read, in a hand identical to that which had labelled the box, I do so look forward to making your acquaintance in the near future. Below that line of writing was a swooping, extravagant signature. Kylo Ren. A stiff, folded piece of paper lay beneath the letter, and I knew what it was before I had even unfolded it. It was a ticket for a first-class berth aboard the SS Polaris , departing Marseille for Shanghai on Monday, the 7th of April. I sat up, upsetting the box, the letter and my notebook, and then reached belatedly for the human finger bone and placed it carefully upon my bedside table before I started to hunt for my clothing and begin the process of getting dressed. I had not the time to spare. Notes: And yes, of course Hux had to roll for SAN loss back there, near the end of the chapter. It wouldn't be a Lovecraftian pastiche without it. Let's hope his reserves of sanity hold out to the end of the story. Chapter 3 : Transit Summary: Content Warning: Mild Body Horror --- Detective Hux finally catches up to Mrs. Solo's missing son, but he no longer owns the name, and refers to himself as Kylo Ren instead. And what does Kylo Ren want with Hux? Why the steamship ticket? Notes: Author’s note: Text for the passenger liner brochure was culled from several 1920s brochures issued by various steamship companies, and altered further to suit the story. I have taken liberties with the date and format of Hux’s citation in the London Gazette, and beg your indulgence for my lack of historical accuracy. Also, Wedge Antilles fans, rejoice, for he has joined the investigator peanut gallery in the marginalia. From a telegram sent from Paris to London on Friday, 4rd April 1924, addressed to Mrs. Leia Organa Solo: BEN TAKING SHIP FROM MARSEILLE SHOULD I FOLLOW HUX --- From a brochure found among the possessions of James Allan Hux, Esq, after his disappearance: In the round-the-world service of the Nilsen Steamship Company Stellar Line a distinctively higher standard of luxury, comfort and convenience, a standard designed to meet the requirements of ocean voyagers who insist upon refinements on a par with those of metropolitan hotels or clubs—is offered. Every assurance that such a standard has been achieved is embodied in the arrangement of all cabins amidships, the pleasant and commodious state rooms having real twin beds (rather than berths), the abundance of accommodation with private tub and shower baths, and spacious public halls. The wireless telegraph service to all parts of the world makes possible a regularly published newspaper of the world's news, to supplement the ships' libraries. Each passenger liner carries a physician and trained nurse; and the photographers' dark room, barber shops, and swimming-baths, are but a few of the conveniences provided. The choicest delicacies and staple foods, from the markets of Europe and America, prepared by skilled chefs, afford a cuisine unexcelled by even the finest hotels. This result of forty years' experience in culinary service is the pride of the Nilsen Steamship Company. NILSEN STEAMSHIP COMPANY Kristiana, Norway SIRIUS ANTARES POLARIS CANOPUS REGULUS --- From a telegram sent from London to Paris on Saturday, April 5th 1924, addressed to James Allan Hux, Esq. GO --- Case Notes: Solo, Monday, the 7th of April, 1924 I lie unable to sleep somewhere between Lyon and Marseille, aboard le train bleu on the Calais-Méditerrannée Express. It is somewhere between the dark of night and the very early morning, and I snatched only four or five hours’ sleep before I woke again. Try as I may, I cannot rest despite the opulence and comfort of my surroundings. My mind is as restless as my body and I am sick of tossing and turning. The only thing that calms me is the rhythmic rattle of the train on its tracks, a promise that I am making progress, going somewhere, moving forward in the unreadable dark. I assure myself that there shall be ample time to rest once I am aboard the SS Polaris. I do not understand how Kylo Ren, known alias of Ben Solo, managed to leave that parcel in my Paris lodgings without being noticed. I asked the desk clerk, the manager and the chambermaid if they had seen anyone besides myself, or if anyone had asked them to pass the package to me, but the answers had been invariably negative. I at least have a relatively good notion as to why he is taking ship to Shanghai. Fixated upon his grandfather’s legacy as he is, Ben Solo would likely wish to follow the Lord Vader’s footsteps upon the old Silk Road, into Mongolia, even. Perhaps there is even something to the map Mansart drew, the one stolen from the late M. Tekka’s gallery, a ciphered key to lost treasure. That, at least establishes a logical motive for Ben Solo’s actions. Some might question my search for a valid motive. “But Benjamin Solo is mad,” they will cry, “Even his own mother believes so!” Even so. Few understand the nature of madness. They assume madmen mercurial beings whose thoughts swivel wildly like a child’s top, random and unstable near the end of its spin. But they forget, then, that madmen are often formerly-sane men. Even with their thoughts disordered, the underlying habit leans then towards logic, albeit a logic colored by insanity as opposed to something more reasonable. A man might be convinced that he is being spied upon by others, who know about his gold, and who wish to steal it from him. That delusion is born out of madness, but the resulting actions shall always be guided by logic. What does one do when one fears thieves? One shall secure one’s home with locks, and ensure that one’s wealth remains a secret. They shall draw the curtains and live by gaslight or electric light for fear that others may peek into their casements and thus discern the gold hidden within the house. A man so deluded should drive all away - servants, no matter how loyal, family members, because he fears their covetuousness. For this wealth is precious to him - and if it is so precious to him, then why, anyone else hearing of it would consider it precious, too. And if he takes such efforts to protect it, then why, their efforts in theft would logically be of equal extent. The madness in this case is the fixation upon his fortune and the suspicion that all others think like him. But the actions are logical ones given one agrees with the premise of his madness. And that is what is baffling me about the Solo case. There are many ways to fixate upon one’s father and grandfather. It is in fact a perfectly acceptable habit for most of mankind. Recall the child dandled on his father’s lap, saying, “Oh, Papa, you are brave and strong, and I wish to grow up like you!” One imprints, like ducklings shall, on one’s parental figures. And while the average person is generally more sagacious than the average duckling, that imprinting leaves a profound influence upon the character of a person. Even the most rebellious son acts in response to his parents - reactionaries desire a return to the status quo ante, after all. In this case would it not have been simpler and easier for Ben Solo to have followed in Dr. Solo’s footsteps and become an archaeologist in his own right? With his father’s influence and fame, and his mother’s wealth he could have easily launched an expedition into Mongolia to find the lost Plateau of Leng. Why then this death and mayhem? There are many things that can drive a man to murder. Rage, betrayal, greed, ideology. Even compromise, in the form of blackmail. One can easily attribute Ben Solo’s patricide to rage or betrayal and sum it up a crime of passion. But the murder of M. Tekka? Even if M. Tekka had refused to part with the map, the slow methodical nature of the killing suggests a motive other than passion, and I cannot pin it down adequately or to my satisfaction. --- Citation from the London Gazette, 10th December, 1917 His Majesty the KING has been graciously pleased to confer the Military Cross on the undermentioned officers and warrant officers in recognition of their gallantry and devotion to duty in the Field:- Temp. Lt. James Allan Hux, R. Fus. For conspicuous gallantry in action. He took command of the company during a raid when another officer was killed, and led the survivors from “No Man’s Land” to safety under heavy gas shelling and fire, leaving none behind despite having been wounded twice by rifle fire. He personally carried the company serjeant-major, who was severely wounded, back to safety. Investigator’s note: This puts the lie to Mr. Hux’s claim that he is not a brave man, despite his peccadilloes. - A.C In my experience the truly courageous rarely think themselves brave, for courage is acting despite fear. A man who does not fear is not brave, merely foolhardy. - W.A --- Entry from the journal of Kylo Ren, undated. Oh he is a fine one, my sainted hunter. His sweet skin is translucent like Chinese porcelain, his veins blue against the white, crawling up the backs of his hands to vanish beneath his shirt-cuffs. That shadowed gaze, those clear eyes, and the surprising warmth and heat of his hair, the sharp flush of his cheeks. His blood must glitter like rubies against all that whiteness, should I spill it. He knows by now what I am truly capable of, even if he cannot fathom the wellspring of my power, and yet he comes on board the SS Polaris, cool and collected, and meets me on my own terms, on my own ground and attempts to beard the lion in its den. He looks like a living dream plucked from the mind of a Pre-Raphaelite painter, one of Millais’ red-headed phantoms, perhaps, and while I might entertain myself in finding the limitations of his failing flesh it is what lies beneath that fascinates me most of all. He is sleeping now, still exhausted from his long pursuit from London to Paris to Marseille, and I think also confident that I cannot escape him, not while the Polaris crosses the ocean on its way to Algiers. Of course he fears that I may slip away from him during one of the many stops the SS Polaris will make, from Algiers to Port Said, to Port Aden to cross the Arabian Sea to Ceylon to Singapore to Yokohama to Shanghai. But he knows enough to save his vigilance for a time when we are closer to land, and to rest while he can. He sleeps armed, a soldier’s habit, and I recognize his sidearm as the reliable Webley Mk V, with the four-inch barrel. The large .455 cartridge might actually be capable of harming me. It would certainly sting, and do permanent damage to my wardrobe. I see the suspicion in his gaze, and I know that he does not trust me. And I see beyond that distrust into that secret part of him, where his soul is weary and aching and it wants to trust me. I sniff the air as I write and I scent the dreams batting wild and frantic against the ivory dome of his skull, that familiar sulphurous reek of mustard gas, of mud and blood and filth churned into mire, and a place name. Ypres. Beneath his courage and formidable intelligence, beneath love and persistence and loyalty, lies a hard absence of hope. He wants to die, and yet he does not despair. Never have I encountered such sweetness and contradiction within a soul, and it is so hard to not drink him all up. Hardest of all, I think, is the fact that he wants to be devoured, to be consumed utterly so that his long and weary wait can end. I anticipate such diversion on my long journey to Leng. --- Case Notes: Solo, Tuesday, the 8th of April, 1924 I have met Ben Solo, and I must confess that I am quite perturbed. I was escorted personally to my berth by a steward once I boarded the SS Polaris, and found him waiting to receive me at my suite, as though I were a welcome guest and not the private investigator hired by his mother to find and arrest him and to bring him home. “Welcome aboard, Detective Hux,” he told me, as he rose from his seat, “Please indulge my insistence on drawn curtains. My eyes have become quite sensitive to the light.” The sitting room was unlit, cool and dark, and it took my eyes a few moments to adjust to the relative gloom after having just paced the upper deck with the morning sun blazing off the cold Atlantic Sea. He is tall - surprisingly so, for all that I know he stands at six feet three, and he is broad-shouldered, narrow-flanked and athletic in proportion. The shadows clung to him, and for a moment I thought that he had been wearing a piece of crape wrapped about his head and shoulders like an improvised mourning veil. And then he took a step forward, and the shadows seemed to part, and I had not the wit to speak. The thin light filtered through the curtains over the porthole limned his face delicately, highlighting his lopsided smile, that narrow, lupine face, and his hair shone faintly as the strands drifted about his head like a heavy cloud. He was holding something round within his large hands, cradling it like a fortune-teller’s crystal ball. I was conscious then of the step and a half of space I had for retreat, before I would find myself pinned against the door, his forearm across my throat. There was a darkness in his gaze that had not been captured in the photograph Mrs. Solo had given me to carry, and somewhere in his flight he had acquired a great healed scar crossing his face diagonally from the left temple and terminating to the right of his broad, sensual mouth. “Benjamin Solo, I presume,” I managed to say after I had found my tongue again, and my voice came out faintly hoarse, my throat oddly dry in the moment. “Ben Solo is dead,” he shrugged. “He was weak, and foolish, and so I replaced him.” His teeth were very white in the gloom, glinting faintly as he spoke, and a trick of the light made them appear sharply pointed, like the fangs of a beast, as he smiled beatifically at me. “But you are still here, whether you own the name or not,” I replied, perhaps foolishly, and I watched and waited as he turned around to place the object he had been holding on the writing table. It sounded hollowly against the wood as he laid it down, and I realized as my eyes adjusted fully to the darkness that it was a human skull. The bone gleamed as though polished, and I realized that the tiny writhing lines I saw upon it were no optical illusion, but rather writing in scrimshaw and silver inlay. “Let us say that I have a glass full of water,” said he, his voice rich and deep, “I pour its contents out, and refill it with wine. Would it still be the same? I may inhabit Benjamin Solo’s body, but at this point I am Kylo Ren, and I would prefer it if you addressed me so.” I shook my head once and thought of the fingerbone I now carried in a trouser pocket. “I am familiar enough with Theseus’ paradox, Kylo Ren.” Had it come from the same body as the skull had? And were the rest of the bones carved in such a fashion, if it had? “You do know your Plutarch, Detective,” Kylo Ren said as he turned back to me, and for a moment I could have sworn that the scar on his face flickered faintly, like the brief opening of a closed eye. I shrugged then, as much to banish the cold frisson I felt lingering on my spine as to reply. “I am not here to discuss metaphysics and epistemology. Your mother has sent me to bring you home, and I would prefer it if you came willingly with me.” I watched him then, studied the expressions fading over his face as he took a half step towards me, and felt the tension in my shoulders, in my right hand, the weight of my sidearm resting against my flank, under my coat. A rivulet of sweat ran down the back of my neck to vanish beneath my collar and soak cold into the fabric of my shirt. “That is currently out of the question,” he said, less offended-sounding and rather more businesslike than I had expected. “I have already informed her that I am presently engaged.” I waited in silence for Ren to continue, watched his hands carefully, conscious that he, too, could be armed and fully willing to employ those armaments on me. He shrugged easily instead, his open hands held palm-first in a brief, noncommittal gesture, as though he read the anxiety circling wildly in the back of my mind. “Mama knows that I will return for her after I am done with this present business.” I employed a different approach then. “Your mother is grieving deeply,” I told him, hoping to play on the germs of affection and love that might linger still in his changing heart. “She is frightened for you. Shall you deny her your presence and support now that your father is dead?” Ren smiled then, ruefully, a low chuckle deep in his chest. “She has told you that I am mad and names me parricide. I deny neither of these accusations.” “I have also seen your handiwork in the gallery of M. Lor San Tekka,” I said as I took a half-step closer to him in an effort to gauge his temper. I was too close now for a pistol-shot to be a viable means of self-defense, but I still had my small push dagger, sheathed and tucked into a pocket sewn into the waist of my trousers where I could draw it easily, left-handed. Kylo Ren did not move, did not flinch. He only watched me with those great dark eyes. “You impress me, Detective Hux. Very well, you may add his murder to my list of sins.” That was said with little emotion or bombast, only a sort of dry practicality that I found highly unsettling in the circumstances. I wanted very badly to step back, to brush my hand down the front of my waistcoat and surreptitiously draw my dagger, but I stilled myself and did nothing of the sort. “You have just confessed to premeditated murder in my presence, Kylo Ren. You shall hang were I to testify, and I have no desire to perjure myself.” “An assurance, Detective,” said Ren as he took a last half-step forwards. We were standing very close together now, almost chest-to-chest, and still he did not raise his hands to strike me. “My confession grants you power over me.” There was a certain kind of logic in his statement, for any kind of official involvement would inconvenience him greatly in his attempt to retrace the Lord Vader’s journeys. He could escape me still, I knew, and fade into anonymity in a far-away land, but I sensed then that that was presently the last thing on his mind. I took the fingerbone out of my pocket then, held it in the palm of my left hand as I resolved then to gauge the degree of his confession, “Who did you kill for this, then?” I asked. It surprised me then as it always had, how dense it felt against my touch, as though weighted with lead. “No-one.” Ren smiled faintly again, and I could have sworn then that his eyes were clouded over with filmy shadow for a brief instant. “It was carved already when I had found it,” he said anticipating my next question, “and its previous owner has been dead for quite some time.” I flinched briefly as his large hand closed gently over mine, folding my fingers over the bone on my palm as he pushed my fist gently over my heart. “Why send it to me, then?” His touch was cool, the palm of his hand dry, and I felt my skin tingle with some kind of electric charge or tension. “Keep it as a token of esteem, Detective,” said Ren, as his faint smile broadened, gleaming white against the darkness of the room, “I offer you this compromise: Tarry with me as we sail, and I shall explain my situation to you. I promise not to attempt escape, and you may relay as much information as you wish, to fulfil your commission to my mother. Should my explanation not satisfy you, you may then disembark at at any point in our journey and take me into your custody, and do with me as you wish.” I hesitated then - quite aware that the man before me had confessed to murder and patricide and owned his madness, unsure whether he was accountable to his word, and he laughed briefly at the look upon my face. “It’s not as though I’m going to eat you, Detective Hux,” purred Ren as he let go of my hand, and I simply had no answer to that. --- From a telegraph sent from the SS Polaris to London on Friday, 3rd April 1924, addressed to Mrs. Leia Organa Solo: BEN IS WELL REFUSES RETURN AWAITING FURTHER INSTRUCTIONS --- From a letter dated April 9th, 1924. Dearest Mama, Detective Hux is a wonderful specimen, is he not? He is so brave, and so disciplined, and so broken underneath. I see why you chose him for this pursuit. You have doomed him, the poor man. You withheld information from him, and sent him into my grasp, and he knows nothing about the Program, or our unhallowed genesis, or what the Crown had been attempting to create in the form of Anakin Skywalker. His death shall be upon your head, Mama, but do not grieve overmuch, for James Allan Hux is a dying man and shall die in fairly short time even without my intervention. A few years stand between him and a ghastly, painful death as his scarred lungs begin to fester within. What I shall grant him is a gentle mercy compared to that. I will savor him slowly, Mama, and I thank you for this princely gift. Your loving son, Ben Investigator’s note: This letter arrived at Mrs. Solo’s London lodgings much like its predecessor had, sans stamp and postmark and sealed again with crimson wax imprinted with the mark of the Lord Vader’s signet ring. There were no witnesses as to its delivery again, which is curious, as Benjamin Solo was known to be aboard ship at the date of its arrival. --- Entry from the personal diary of James Allan Hux, portions translated from Greek by Professor Poe Dameron, Philologist, Miskatonic University Thursday, the 10th of April 1924 Dear Thomas, I am as well as can be expected, and perhaps slightly surprised at waking up each morning with my throat unslit. If you were still here you would only regard me with that long, patient glance I remember so well, and shake your head in a knowing fashion. How time has changed us and reversed our places. I was once foolhardy and convinced thoroughly that courage and pluck was all a man needed to see him to the future. You were rather more circumspect, and convinced that I would charge bravely into an early grave. And now here I remain, having learned caution from the hard lessons of the trenches, while you slumber eternally in a grave on the Asiago Plateau, having gone to a hero’s just rewards. What have you found beyond the veil? Is it worth the price you paid? I would consider it hardly so, but I cannot speak for you, and you can no longer speak for yourself. Investigator’s note: According to my research, James Allan Hux spent his childhood in the cities of Paris, Prague, Antwerp and Vienna, and while he was put down for Eton he never did enter its illustrious halls. His education was made up of a patchwork of Jesuit day-schools and academies as his parents moved around Europe due to his father’s work in finance. The Huxes returned to England in 1907 when he was aged 15, and he was enrolled as a day student at Queen’s College, in Taunton. He appears to have been deprived of the usual set of old school friends due to his parents’ travels. Thomas Charles Thayer’s name first appears in association with Hux’s in a Trinity College newsletter dated 1910 and an Oxford contemporary of theirs asserts that they were “inseparable”. All of Hux’s tutors aver that their relationship was strictly friendly and perhaps fraternal. Thayer had spent most of his childhood being educated by a governess and a tutor due to ill-health, and was therefore also isolated from the school networks to some extent. They must have been most discreet, for the only evidence of an intimate relationship between them exists solely within the pages of Hux’s diary. Captain Thomas Charles Thayer MC was killed in the battle of the Piave River, June 1918, aged 25. - W.A Note also that Mr. Hux chose to write his diary entries mostly in academic Greek in order to maintain its secrecy. Only an educated gentleman would be able to decipher it, and an educated gentleman would not read another gentleman’s private diary, not without sufficient cause. - P.D --- Entry from the journal of Kylo Ren, undated. I woke up today to realize that I could no longer feel the pulse within my veins. Oh, my heart beats still, for I can feel it drumming slow and reptilian against my palm if I place my hand to my chest, but the thrum at my wrist seems to have stilled, perhaps forever. I closed my right hand into a fist, and with my fingernails drew arcs of my own blood. It welled slowly from each crescent-shaped cut, thick, viscid and black, and then dried quickly to a dull, matte scab which soon vanished into my skin, leaving no trace behind. I tried again, this time employing a small knife for the purpose, and the result was much the same. The cuts hurt both times in a dull, attenuated way that registered more as a slight annoyance than any kind of pain, and I smiled to myself as I opened and closed my hand, flexed my fingers against the joy at the strangeness within me. Grandfather assures me that these changes are to be expected, that I will learn to master the stuff in my veins as I come into my inheritance, but he speaks so curtly to me. I know the source of his displeasure. He wants so badly to be corporeal again, to have flesh and to be able to enjoy the strength and vigor of blood and sinew, to taste the fatty richness of roasted marrow on toast, the savory sharpness of caviar bursting on the tongue. And perhaps he misses other, more virile pleasures long denied his skeletal form. He is impatient for all those things, even though he knows full well that it takes time to hollow out a human soul and make it fit for another’s habitation. I cannot merely tear and devour, my belly warming and filling as I do so, for that leaves the body a dead husk that cannot be animated again. No, I have to be slow and careful, a sip here, a nibble there, pausing after each mouthful to gauge my work. Grandfather knows this, and yet he rails against my caution with regards to Detective Hux. He wants fleshly sensation, and he wants it now. Perhaps I am fortunate. The taint in my blood makes me resistant to his attempts to displace my soul, for he has tried with Mama, and perhaps with Uncle Luke, and failed. I confess to myself that I do wish to keep Hux around, and regret the inevitable end. He is singular, fascinating, the taste of his dreams so dizzyingly sweet. I can sense the relief that he anticipates in dying, and his acceptance of his fate, and he does not fight me as I take the smallest sips from the well of his consciousness. Every one of my other meals has fought me to the very end, and while there is a certain brute satisfaction in the act of seizing and overpowering, this acquiescence leads me to wonder what other things might be possible with a willing repast. Besides, he is presently still strong enough for other sport, and so beautiful, all pale and glorious red-gold like a lit taper flickering in a fierce wind. I watch him sleep in the bedchamber we share, and I wonder how his hair might feel under my hand, and at the softness of his mouth, the clean curve of his jawline. I know his desires - how can I not, when he dreams them so vividly - and I know that he desires me too, and that it is not so much fear as much as professionalism that keeps him from approaching me. I am no stranger to the pleasures of the flesh, but I have never desired a man before. Ben Solo never did learn to savor his brief experiences of intimacy, but I am rather more patient in that respect. Ben Solo might also have been ashamed and frightened at the emergence of such curiosities but I care not for the petty proscriptions of religion or custom. I long to claim Hux’s body and soul, and it is not shame that restrains me presently. For one, I wish not to frighten him away - not when my work has only begun. And secondly, I confess to a small, rather embarrassing anxiety that I might be clumsy, and make a fool of myself, that I simply know not what to expect should I take to his bed. I do not think that Hux will ridicule me for my ignorance - he simply is not given over to small, petty sneering, but I do want so badly to please him with my touch and kiss, bring him some small relief against his inevitable fate, and I fear his disappointment most of all. I shall be patient, for we have ample time, and perhaps I might steal a kiss or two even as I relieve him of the very essence of his soul. Grandfather has waited half a century, give or take, and he can stand to wait a little more. Chapter 4 : Dreams Summary: Kylo Ren unburdens himself to Detective Hux and reveals the truth behind his grandfather's genesis. Some truths are too much for mere men to bear. But Hux proves equal to the burden, and does not falter, even as his thoughts and dreams are being delicately siphoned away. --- Content warning: Dubiously consensual erotic soul eating. Notes: The poetry Hux quotes in his personal diary comes from the William Cowper verse translation of the Odyssey. I prefer the Fagles translation myself, but with a publication date of 1995 that’s right out for the 1924 setting. (: The Duke of Chandos is a real historical figure, and he really did buy his second wife for half-a-crown from an ostler in Newbury. Lady Flora Hastings’ unfortunate death is also a real historical event. Hux’s notes are pinned together in the corners because Hux didn’t have a stapler with him. Entry from the journal of Kylo Ren, undated. I have known that Detective Hux is a clever man, but I might have underestimated his reserves of suspicion and persistence. I would be infuriated with his behavior were I not so amused by it. We made Algiers yesterday, and I woke up late this morning to find myself manacled to the bed-frame. “What,” I asked him as I sat up, for he was awake and writing in his journal then, “is the meaning of this?” I pulled at the handcuff, frustrated. The sun was high in the sky and very bright, despite the drawn curtains over the porthole, and I could feel it leeching away at my puissance. “Just an elementary precaution,” he said, not bothering to turn his head from his writing, “The SS Polaris is currently docked at harbor, and I would be quite put out if you did in fact choose to slip off-board and vanish.” “I gave you my word,” I rattled the handcuff for emphasis and wondered if I could pick the lock while he was looking away from me. I know not the secrets of locksmithing, but the shadows hasten easily to my aid, and the interior of the keyhole was dark and recessed. It took a little concentration to summon a small tendril of darkness, and a little more effort to ease it into the keyhole, but the daylight had weakened my sense of touch, and I could barely feel the tumblers within the lock. “Indeed you did,” said Hux, most coolly, “and it is most ungentlemanly of me to doubt it. I will accept all reprimand concerning that matter once we are safely away from land.” He put his pen down then and turned to face me, and I relaxed my will, let the tiny shadow evaporate before he noticed it. My eyes hurt somewhat from the morning light shining through the curtains, but I could still see well enough. Hux had put on his waistcoat but not his coat, and there was a faint ink-smudge on the tip of his third finger. A strip of sticking-plaster stood out, chalky white against his pallor, and I could smell the drying blood on his skin. He had no doubt cut himself shaving while I had slept, and the scent of salt and iron woke my appetite, made me shiver faintly at its imagined taste. How I longed to sink my teeth into that sweet pale skin, that soft spot just below his jaw where his pulse beat in his neck. But he was sitting at the small writing-table dressed and armed, his leather-bound journal held open in his left hand, and I was dressed only in pyjamas and weaponless, deprived of my gifts by the merciless sun. I was now in a position of some disadvantage, and I do believe that he would have not hesitated to put a bullet in me if I had somehow pulled free of the handcuff and tried to overpower him. The sun ran kindly fingers through his red hair, which glowed bright like a bonfire, and lent a warmth to his pallor that made him look healthier, more vital. His blood shone ruddy through the translucency of his flesh, especially at his earlobe, and I realized then that I did not want to give him over to Grandfather. I wanted him for myself. I wanted to ravish him, to test the limits of his nerves, and eventually to eat him whole once I had drunk his soul dry. I wanted him more than I had wanted anything else before, every drive of mine - hunger, ambition, venery - directed at this person who sat before me with a wry smile on his face, while I remained shackled to the frame of my bed, unable to cross the distance to him. “You look as though you’re in pain,” he remarked, the archness leaving his manner somewhat, and I closed my eyes against the hateful light and sighed heavily. “The light is hurting my eyes, and I cannot reach my sunglasses.” That was true enough - I had removed them yesterday as the sun had vanished beneath the horizon, and placed them in my coat pocket, and they had remained there as I had undressed for bed. Hux stood easily, and crossed the room to the closet, and I watched him through a watery squint. “Do you mind?” he asked as he opened the door and reached for my coat, which hung on a hanger within. “I mind this more,” I said, rattling the cuff again. He reached into my coat pocket and retrieved my sunglasses, unfolded the earpieces carefully as he shut the closet up again. “Don’t move,” he told me, and I sat still and let him put the sunglasses on my face. He took care to push my hair away from my ears as he settled the earpieces in place, and then smoothed a stray lock out from underneath one of the lenses. His fingers were sound and warm, his touch firm but gentle, but he did not linger. He stepped away and sat back down on his chair, and I opened my eyes to find that they were no longer watering from irritation. “Thank you,” I said, and then hesitated as something else came to mind. “I’m almost afraid to ask, but whatever will you do if I have to use the bathroom?” That was more a question of curiosity than need, as I am beyond the undignified processes of mortality, but I still do enjoy the pleasures of a warm bath, the savor of a good meal, and I see no reason to live as an ascetic. Hux smiled briefly, his teeth so white against the ripeness of his lips, and I could not help but think of yet other pleasures that I could still partake of. “Unlock you, of course,” he said with an easy shrug. “I’m not yet fond enough of you to be emptying your chamber-pot.” “Wonderful,” I breathed, as I lifted my feet back up from the floor and settled back into bed, the steel of the handcuff still cold against my wrist. I stared at the ceiling through the smoked glass of my sunglasses, and listened to the scrape of Hux’s chair as he turned back to his writing. He is clever, he is original, is he not? I fall in love with everyone I have ever eaten - sometimes deeply, sometimes just a little bit. But I do not think I have savored anyone as much as I do him. I shall miss him when this is all over. --- Entry from the personal diary of James Allan Hux, portions translated from Greek by Professor Poe Dameron, Philologist, Miskatonic University Saturday, the 12th of April 1924 She, as four harness’d stallions o’er the plain Shooting together at the scourge’s stroke, Toss high their manes, and rapid scour along, So mounted she the waves, while dark the flood Roll’d after her of the resounding Deep. Dear Thomas, The SS Polaris is not the Cunard Line’s Mauretania, but she travels well enough, and the weather is good. We are docked at Algiers while the Polaris takes on more mail, supplies and passengers. KR is currently reading while in repose - much as he would upon one of the deck chairs outside, save for the fact that I have handcuffed him quite securely to his bed. The frame itself is bolted to the floor, which means the most expedient way to free himself without my cooperation would involve significant personal injury. He has taken it fairly well, I suppose. I freed him earlier today so he could use the bathroom and wash, and dress in fresh clothing. That done, he returned to his bed and merely offered me his left wrist so I could secure him again to the frame. I had obtained several books from the ship’s library and placed them within his reach, and we can of course have our meals served to us in our suite’s drawing room. The strong sunlight has bothered KR somewhat on account of his sensitive eyes, and he has taken to wearing his smoked glasses indoors as long as the sun remains above the horizon. He has so far preferred to keep late hours, and were he free to do so he would likely be sitting in the smoking-room or conversing with fellow-travellers. It is plainly obvious to several of his American compatriots that he comes from one of Boston’s oldest families. He shows it in his dress and comportment, in the purity of his accent, and from that evidence one easily infers that his present name is an alias so that he can travel incognito. I could not help but worry somewhat, knowing what he has done and is capable of, while I watched him mingle in the dining saloon on the first evening of our voyage. Moreover, he has carelessly (or perhaps maliciously) introduced me with my proper name, which has led to a certain amount of awkwardness. I have already encountered, thanks to his introductions, several people who I can only characterize as climbers of the social sort. Worse still, KR seems to have a particular talent for introducing me to the kind of vulgarian who will in fact search Burke’s Peerage for my name and then insist on uncomfortable amounts of familiarity while they attempt to get cosy with the nephew of the Earl of Arkanis. The worst part of this, of course, is the fact that I have somehow been swarmed with spoiled American girls in the brief span of the last two days. These young ladies (I use the word in the loosest sense) are overdressed and encrusted with gaudy chains and bangles, and they view me as nothing but the best kind of marriage bait. It would be advantageous in my present situation to find the least offensive of these heiresses and wed her - her family would thus gain legitimacy in Society, while I would be able to salvage my financial standing, but that is not something that I shall ever do. For one, there is the matter of my preferences, and that I do not believe in stranding a poor girl, no matter how ill-mannered, in a loveless marriage. Secondly, I am comfortable where I am. My needs are generally few, my luxuries infrequent, and I should surely perish of utter boredom were I to retire to a life of moneyed leisure. Besides, I no longer have to worry so much about my finances now that E is married. I don’t really like her husband, but he is a reliable sort, and her letters indicate that she is quite happy in Singapore. I must wire her and ask if she would like to meet me when the SS Polaris docks there - it has been far too long since we last met in person. I dreamed of you last night, Thomas. I was standing in a field of wheat, and you stood before me with that sad smile upon your face. I realized then that I had been staked out ahead of the lines for cowardice, and you turned around and started to walk away from me while the stalks parted before you. I do not know why, but I can no longer name the color of your eyes. I watched you vanish in the distance as an exchange of shelling began, and then I was awake, staring up at the ceiling of my cabin with the sea whispering constantly in my ears. It will have been six years this June, and I still miss you. --- From a letter dated April 9th 1924, couriered from London to Algiers by air, and received by the SS Polaris’ mail-room on April 12th, 1924. Dear Ben, I beg you, please, to abandon your search for Leng and come home. I worry about you constantly. It is a relief that Detective Hux has found you, but your assurances only frighten me more. I care not what you have done, Ben. You are still my own dear son, and I shall love and forgive you eternally, for that is what a mother’s heart does. I know that I must have wronged you by my silence. I had never intended to hide the truth from you, and if you must blame me, blame my scepticism rather than any kind of conspiracy. I did not believe the tales told about your grandfather, and thought it the product of malicious gossip and rumor. I kept those tales from you because I feared that it would damage you. Does Scripture not say that careless words will be judged? I feared also knowledge of my birth family, for I had worried that I had been given up for adoption due to illegitimacy or something similarly scandalous, and dreaded the damage to my reputation. I renounce my pride now, and confess that I should have trusted you enough to tell you what I know. Please, Ben. Come home to me. I shall accept all blame in this matter if only you will return with Detective Hux. Do not hurt him, for he is a brave, loyal man - I engaged him only because I doubt my own ability to travel alone in search for you and remain unharmed, for it is a dangerous world, and doubly so for a widow whose son and protector is far away. With all my heart, Leia Organa Solo --- Case Notes: Solo, Sunday, the 13th of April 1924 I am starting to doubt my initial assessment of Kylo Ren. I had thought him afflicted by a psychotic break initially, for the pattern of his disappearance resembled the condition quite closely. It should make all the sense in the world, for there are some who, when overly burdened with troubles, start to see pattern and conspiracy in every random aspect, constructing for themselves a complex explanation for their woes in the form of a rambling theory. Such individuals tend towards paranoia and fear - if you do not agree with their delusions, then you are surely part of the conspiracy, which is almost always far-reaching, almost supernatural in power. Anti-Semites, for example, often believe the Jewish race to be conspiring to control the crowned heads of Europe. When confronted with the reality that such a conspiracy is unlikely, given the strength and fashionable nature of anti-Semitism, such individuals then claim that one must be compromised by said conspiracy, and any evidence of attacks or discrimination regarding the Jewish race is merely a false event intended to fool the great ignorant mass of people. Consider the wild and baseless accusations of M. Émile Zola in the Dreyfus Affair, or what we are currently witnessing six years after the signing of the Treaty of Versailles. Consider also the militarists Hindenburg and Ludendorff, who have done very well indeed peddling the fiction that the staunch men of Germany had been stabbed in the back by Jews and socialist “subversives”. This popularist slander is dangerous - and while the vast majority of us shudder from the loss and carnage, the senseless waste of the Great War, there are enough sore losers who take that fallacious view and agitate for a resumption of hostilities. Did that Hitler fellow not attempt to overthrow the government in the Putsch of Munich? I suspect the cry of “Never again” to be a naive one, and the rejection of Wilson’s Fourteen Points a foolish exercise in pride that may have alienated so much of the German population that it would not shock me if war broke out again in the next decade. If Kylo Ren were in fact subject to this kind of thinking he should be spending much of his time trying to explain matters to me, convinced of his own righteousness. He should be convinced also that I would be converted to his cause once I saw the truth that only he could perceive. He should have reacted to my restraining him with suspicion. He would certainly have chosen not to share a suite with me - not when such a state of affairs would leave him vulnerable while he slept. Instead, he is poised, collected. He answers questions calmly and reasonably when asked, and elaborates more to satisfy my curiosity than to try and convince me of the rightness of his beliefs. I have begun interviewing him in the late afternoons, before the sun has set sufficiently for him to venture out on deck, and from his answers I am starting to believe that he is not mad. Rather, I believe him to be working according to a set of conditions that I am not aware of, and cannot perceive or understand. I am no physicist, nor am I a mathematician, but the orbits of planetary bodies are affected by the invisible forces of gravity exerted upon them by yet other planets and stars. And while I cannot yet fathom what exerts this influence upon Kylo Ren, I see its effects in his behavior and know it to be present. --- From a sheet of notebook-paper found in the effects of James Allan Hux, interleaved with the Solo case notes. Beneath a smeared line of foreign glyphs identical to the ones found at the gallery of M. Lor San Tekka: To Nyarlathotep, Mighty Messenger, must all things be told. And He shall put on the semblance of men, the waxen mask and the robe that hides, and come down from the world of Seven Suns - Fragment ends here. Investigator’s note: I have taken the liberty of copying the untranslated inscriptions and comparing them to photographs and records of ancient systems of writing, and it matches none presently known to the fields of archaeology and philology. With that in mind I cannot testify to the accuracy of the English translation beneath. - P.D Handwriting analysis proves this to be written in Detective Hux’s hand. - W.A --- Entry from the journal of Kylo Ren, undated. I dreamed of a woman with flowers in her hair. She was gowned in red and gold, and she discarded a veil that hung over her to reveal a pale, oval-shaped face that glowed with beauty. I knew not who she was, as she beckoned to me, but I saw the twin thumbs on either side of her hands, and the dainty hooves peeking out of her skirts, and I knew her to be a pureblood of Leng. I thought her at first an aspect of one of the old gods who had deigned to favor me with a visitation, and wished to kneel and make worship, but she smiled at me, and then the dream ripped in half, its shreds deliquescing as she was displaced by Grandfather and his mirror again. I gazed into his masked visage, but he told me little, and I wonder why he fears her so much. He taught me a new charm then, one that will permit me to conjure a flaming sword. I need only to mix an ink from the ingredients he showed me, and paint a sigil on the skin over my heart, and I shall never be unarmed as long as the sigil remains intact. I would have tried it once I had woken from my sleep, but powdered rubies are not exactly a common commodity aboard an ocean liner, and it would take far too long for me to acquire some gemstones and grind them down myself. --- Case Notes: Solo, Monday, the 14th of April 1924 I suspect that I am coming down with a cold - perhaps the sea air is rather too bracing for me, for I have woken up with something of a sore throat, and my cough has worsened somewhat this morning. Kylo Ren persuaded me to stand with him on the promenade deck last evening, and we talked late into the night with the water rushing past us, the sound of the ship’s screws ensuring that we were not overheard. I had neglected to wear my muffler, and therefore the blame for my present illness resides mainly with me. I refer to my shorthand notes in transcribing our conversation, for he chose to discuss his motivations and the reason for his elopement then. He had imbibed some absinthe after dinner, the liquor served in Parisian fashion with the sugar-lump and the slotted spoon, and I thought then to the Prohibition in America and whether he was actually accustomed to the amount of alcohol he had consumed. He did not seem intoxicated, however. His speech was still crisp and clear, his voice marvellous and low, his hands absolutely steady and very pale against the blackness of his clothing and the darkness of the marine night. “You have to understand first of all that my grandfather - my true grandfather, Anakin Skywalker - was a singular man. There were none like him before he was born, and I myself may be the only other creature capable of understanding him on this earth,” said Ren. He had taken off his sunglasses to stare into the darkness beyond the ship’s railing, and I wondered then what he saw in the restless waves beyond. “I had heard the most interesting tales about the Dowager Lady Shmi Skywalker,” I said blandly, attempting to gauge his mood and reaction. “You mean the stories that my great-grandfather bought her from an ostler in Newbury, for half a crown.” Ren smiled thinly, and then his grin widened sharply: “That was actually the Duke of Chandos, in 1740. No, my great-grandfather bought my great-grandmother from a stoker in Liverpool for five pounds. The fellow’s name was Watto or something like it, and he was a thoroughly disagreeable man by all standards.” “That said, they did not dwell long in matrimonial bliss, for my great-grandfather was struck down by a sudden fever. The widowed Shmi Skywalker gave birth to a son six months later. My great-grandfather’s personal physician, a man I’ll call Plagueis, testified that her offspring was the true son of the late Lord Vader, having been summoned to confirm her pregnancy before the late Lord’s unfortunate death. He was baptized and christened Anakin Skywalker, and in time inherited both the title and the family fortune. After he claimed his birthright his mother, still quite beautiful and well-preserved, was freed to marry the widower Cliegg Lars.” That much I knew, much of it having been either rumor, common knowledge or published in Burke’s Peerage. Shmi Skywalker had later died in a tragic accident that had also cost Mr. Lars his right leg, and her body had been buried in the Skywalker family crypt at her son’s request. “Growing up fatherless, my grandfather was taught and advised by his godfather, who I shall call Sidious. He was a powerful man himself, a Tory who quite resented Queen Victoria’s reliance on Lord Melbourne, a Whig. You know your history, Detective Hux. You ought to know how Lord Melbourne’s 1839 resignation turned out for the Tories. The Queen refused to replace her attendants with the wives of Tories, and Melbourne returned to office. Of interest also was the false pregnancy of Lady Flora Hastings, also in 1839, which turned out according to royal physicians to be a liver tumor.” Ren paused then, and looked up from the ocean, and at me. He had pulled the bulk of his hair back severely with a narrow black ribbon, but locks of it still blew strongly in the wind to mar the paleness of his brow. In this aspect he resembled a Romantic composer or poet. Something flickered in his expression then, and he grew solemn. “What shall you say, Detective, if I told you that what killed Lady Hastings wasn’t a tumor?” I raised an eyebrow curiously at that, wondering if Ren had in fact constructed some kind of theory, and that he was simply so insane that I had not the experience to quantify him. “Flora Hastings’ death had been quite the scandal for Queen Victoria, considering the ribald accusations that had circulated around court - it had been viciously rumored that she had become pregnant by Sir John Conroy, the Duchess of Kent’s comptroller. What reason would anyone have to hide such a fact, if she had not truly died of a tumor?” “There is an arcane order,” said Ren, as though it made sense in the context of what he had previously said, “called the Order of the Cuckoo, devoted to a mother-goddess identified with aspects of Astarte, Cybele and Echidna. She births prodigies and monsters, saints and killers. Those offspring of hers who pass as human are given as changelings to human families who rear them unknowingly. She demands many sacrifices in exchange for her gifts and her wisdom, among them babes stolen from their cradles, and women of childbearing age, their throats slit and their organs extracted for later use. She gifts offspring sometimes, to the individuals she favors according to her whims. Few are strong enough to bear those to term.” “Those sacrifices. You speak of the Whitechapel murders,” I said, suddenly chilled despite my wool overcoat. There was no fervor to Kylo Ren’s speech, no pleading. He did not care if I was convinced or not, which was not really how I expected him to act, now that he was speaking of death and conspiracy among the royal houses of Europe. “What does this have to do with your grandfather?” “Among the Order’s members were individuals named only as Plagueis, Sidious, Maul, Tyrannus and Ventress. My grandfather was privy to their real identities, and had sought to reveal their deeds to the general public, but he perished in a fire in 1871 before the list was published. How convenient for them.” I shook my head, unconvinced. “And what proof have you that all these events happened, and that you are not merely attempting to sell me a highly fictive piece of fantasy?” “This, Detective.” Kylo Ren drew a small folding knife from a pocket, its handle well-worn. The blade gleamed brightly in the electric lights over us, and then he pushed it easily through the palm of his left hand. He made a moue as he did so, as though the pain annoyed him only faintly. Something tarry and viscid coated the blade as it protruded through the back of his hand, and there was a faint sucking sound as he pulled the knife all the way through the wound. I took his left hand in mine, examining it closely as the inky liquid dried, its glossy smear drying to a matte stain, before it started to fade into the whiteness of his skin entirely. “I am the last remnant of the Order’s program to create a demigod,” said Ren. He did not pull his hand from mine as he spoke. “Impossible,” I breathed, and then his left hand closed firmly over mine - his grip not yet crushing, but fully capable of inflicting pain if he wanted to. “Look,” he murmured, as he seized my face with his right hand, blinked once as he tipped my chin up so I could look into his eyes. Shadows seemed to drift across the whites of his sclerae as though they were windows to a strange, distant sky. “Anakin Skywalker was a true-breeding hybrid, somewhere between the Magna Mater’s teratogenic miracles and the mundanity of human birth,” he crooned, so very softly, his voice almost inaudible beneath the hiss of the waves, “And I am his sole heir. Iä, Shub-Niggurath.” That last phrase came out hushed, almost prayerful, but I recognized not the tongue he spoke. I confess that I still remain sceptical about the conspiracy he has mentioned. I had never encountered anything like it, not even in the Lord Vader’s surviving writings. And the darkness in his eyes could have been a trick of the light. But I have held his hand as it bled, as his strange blood turned tacky and scabbed in the space of seconds. I am sure that this was not the product of trickery and legerdemain, and I cannot explain it further. I shall stop writing for now, for I am sick and also simply too weary to recoil at the strangeness which I have seen. Investigator’s note: Detective Hux’s raw transcription of this interview, and others, was found neatly pinned together and slotted in the back cover of the notebook that held his case notes. I have had my secretary, Miss Maria Unamo, verify Hux’s longhand transcription, and she assures me that there had been no errors in either copy. - A.C --- Entry from the journal of Kylo Ren, undated. Hux sleeps fitfully, and he dreams. No doubt he is still shaken by what I showed him last night. I can almost taste the saignant richness of his current nightmare as I sit by his bedside and write this entry. It is trivial, barely an effort to extend a tendril of shadow and caress his head as he flinches in his sleep, and in this indirect way I soothe and gentle him without his knowledge. His hair is so soft under my phantom fingers, his skin just a little clammy to the touch under his striped pyjamas. I close my eyes for a few brief moments and let the shadows grow to engulf him harmlessly, appreciate every hard line of his lean body, the good sharp points of his iliac crests, the bumps of his vertebrae under the sweet white skin of his neck, the tension in muscle and sinew. His tension infects me too, and I find my pen trembling in my hand, my writing growing looser and less tidy as hunger overtakes me. It is from there an easy thing to let the shadows seep through his flesh to grip his soul - oh, Hux dreams of death tonight, of a fresh young country boy coughing and rattling his last with a bullet in his lung. The private’s name is Barlow, and Hux is holding him close, telling him to stay awake, that the orderlies are almost there. Barlow’s eyes are so green, like unripe wheat, and they taste like crème de menthe on my tongue as I start drinking Hux’s fear and anxiety away slowly, so slowly, sipping it in constant little mouthfuls. Hux whimpers softly as I drink his soul, and I start to shiver from the sweet heat filling my gullet, distending my belly. He tastes like blood and iron, the bitter tang of churned mud and spent gunpowder heavy in my nose. The sudden freshness of cut grass. The soft ticklish flutter of a man’s last, gurgling breath against my cheek. Such a feast. I go as gently as I can even as I take what I want, but I always want more, far more than he can safely give me, and far more than I should wisely take. I keep a shadowy tendril on the pulse below his jaw, marking its minute temblors as I feed - mindful not to kill him before he is ready for Grandfather’s soul. I am aching with lust and desire as I stop drinking, reluctantly, just as his pulse begins to falter. I let the shadows go, and they return to their accustomed places in this cabin. I want very much to undress and crawl into bed with Hux, to wake him gently and seek my relief in him. I do not think he will stop me - I do not think he will refuse, but I have drunk deeply of his soul and he will likely not waken even if I try. It will take the rest of the night for his animal spirits to recover, I think, and besides, I may be a monster, but I very much prefer my bed partners conscious, willing and welcoming. I shall put my pen down now, and take to my own bed. Perhaps I will dream of Hux, my thoughts fuelled with the very essence of his being. How ironic, that I partake of his dreams, only to want to dream of him myself. --- Entry from the personal diary of James Allan Hux, portions translated from Greek by Professor Poe Dameron, Philologist, Miskatonic University Undated I should fear him, Thomas, and yet I do not, and I know not why. Chapter 5 : Fever Summary: Kylo Ren's depredations have a strong effect on Hux. As he lies in his sickbed, suspended between life and death, Ren attempts to preserve him for further sorcerous use. However, certain events lead Ren to a change of heart, as the truth about his grandfather is revealed. --- Content warning: consensual interspecies tentacle sex Notes: Certain readers may wonder if the Physician in Ordinary I refer to as Plagueis is also the Physician in Ordinary to Queen Victoria named William Gull. He is. It’s an awful slander upon the man, I’m sure, but if the connection is good enough for Alan Moore to write From Hell around, it’s good enough for me. The quotation Hux uses in his diary entry is from Dulce Et Decorum Est, by the WWI poet Wilfred Owen. Owen did not survive the war - his parents got the notice of his death just as the armistice bells were ringing. Had he lived, he would have been about the same age as Hux in 1924. Also: while the word “arse” is generally British usage, it was also used in specific New England dialects and is considered presently dated in contemporary context. Fortunately, this fic is set in 1924. The word “fuck” is not anachronistic, fortunately, as its attested use dates back to 1310. The vulgar use of the word “spunk” to denote seminal fluid is attested to 1888, so I’m all good here. From a telegram sent from the SS. Polaris on Monday, 14th of April 1924, to the household of Mrs. Jonathan Madox, Singapore. LIZBET WILL BE ARRIVING AT SINGAPORE MAY 8TH EN ROUTE TO SHANGHAI PROFESSIONAL REASONS TWO DAYS FREE MEET FOR DINNER ALLAN --- Case Notes: Solo, undated. I am poorly - this much I know, as I lie in my bed and pen this entry. I cannot calculate the date to my satisfaction - I have spent so much time passing in and out of fevered sleep that I am not quite sure of the day, only that it is still daylight and that the Polaris has left Port Aden and is en route to Ceylon. Perhaps I will return to this entry later and append the date if I recover enough to do so. I am taking the time and effort to pen this because I am afraid - not so much of death, which we mortals must all face sooner or later. No, I am afraid of failing my commission to Mrs. Solo, and I hope that this entry might assure her, in the case of my death or disappearance, that I had not abandoned her trust in me. My throat is afire, raw and miserable with pain, and even this pencil feels unnaturally dense and heavy in my hand. My fever has waxed and waned but never ebbed completely, and I have coughed so hard and so long that I taste blood in my mouth after each fit. Kylo Ren is sleeping, presently, still dressed atop the linens in his bed across the room from mine. He assured me that he would wake if I wanted him, and I had only to call, but I cannot begrudge him this rest. He has remained at my side constantly since I have taken ill, and tended me as though I were his charge, rather than vice versa. I do not know why he has not fled my custody. I do not know why he cares so much about me. I hope this brief testament will at least assure Mrs. Solo that her son remains capable of great kindness, and that the young man that she feared gone resides still within his breast, despite the strangeness which now engulfs him. Investigator’s note: I have compared this entry to the itinerary of the SS. Polaris. It takes 2 days for her to reach Algiers from Marseille, 5 days to reach Port Said from Algiers, and 4 more from Port Said to Aden. Allow 2 days’ time at each port-of-call to embark and disembark passengers and receive supplies, and this would have been penned in the time between the 24th and 30th of April 1924 - W.A --- Entry from the journal of Kylo Ren, undated. How bittersweetly ironic that I find myself concerned with matters of human frailty even as I abandon mortality myself. Detective Hux has taken sick, and it is no trivial illness, this. My poor hunter burns in his fitful sleep from a fire kindled within his veins, and his breathing is labored and shallow. I have summoned the ship’s doctor to tend him, but his illness is not something that medicine can treat, not adequately, for it originates from within his soul. Or rather, his lack of it. Hux’s current condition is my fault - entirely mine - and now I sit up beside him and watch him, make sure that he is comfortable enough. I try to remember how Leia Organa Solo cared for her son when he was once sick with diphtheria. She kept him warm, but not too warm, and made sure his linens were clean and dry. She fed him beef-tea from a spoon when his throat hurt too much for him to swallow solid food. She sponged him with a damp cloth to cool his fevered flesh, plied him with barley-water to quench his thirst, and read softly to him while he was confined to his sickbed. All this I attempt to do for Hux. I am a predator, my hands clumsy when they are not seizing and killing, and I can no longer judge adequately the degree of his fever, having forgotten what the mortal warmth of my flesh once felt like. He radiates heat, his blood running molten like iron from a crucible, and he turns his head weakly to welcome the cool kiss of the washcloth as I try to quench his scalding brow. I could end his misery quite easily, I am sure, but that will leave him useless for the ritual of transference, and Grandfather is very displeased with my carelessness. Ben Solo was never a creature of moderation. His sanguine, mercurial nature dragged him constantly towards various extremes, and I, influenced by his flesh and humors, conducted myself similarly. I fed too frequently and too much from Hux’s soul over the previous weeks, intoxicated by the sweetness of his acquiescence and his lack of resistance. Now I find that I have drained him to a point where he can no longer maintain his own strength, or fight the death that has battened slowly within him ever since the Battle of Passchendaele. Bleed a man lightly, and he should recover with time and care, and attention to his nourishment. Bleed a man too heavily, however, and he becomes too weak to facilitate his own recovery. Vigor leaves him, and the exsanguination saps his vitality so that his pulse barely trembles and he becomes too weak to fill his own lungs adequately with air. It is a similar matter here, except that souls, unlike blood, are not generally transfusable. It is theoretically possible to transfer a powerful soul to a body prepared for the purpose, it is true enough, but if there is a way of partitioning one’s own soul and giving it to another of one’s own free will, I have not yet discovered it. Currently such an attempt would only result in my own will snuffing out what remains of Detective Hux’s dwindling reserves, and it would also result in me abandoning my own body, of which I am rather fond. Hux has coughed blood once or twice, but it is not the mortal kind of bleeding that signals hemorrhaging from the lungs, which gives me hope that he may yet recover with the best of care. Rather, his throat is so raw from repeated coughing that it has begun to bleed. The effect is breathtaking, nevertheless. The droplets of blood glitter on his lips like rubies and garnets, like Persephone’s pomegranate seeds, and his face is so white beneath the ripe raspberry flush of his cheeks, like marble, or ivory. And yet my desire for him is now stifled by something which I once might have called pity, and it is a strange, aching sensation within my chest, possibly the closest I can feel to any kind of mortal exigency in my current state. I have not been idle while he sleeps and murmurs deliriously, calling weakly the half-forgotten names of people who live no more. I have been transcribing spells from the grimoire carved into Grandfather’s bones while I sit by him. I know not what spell he cast for the initial working that left his skeleton marked so while he lived, but I may discover it later as I have only just finished transcribing the scapulae and the thoracic vertebrae. It is slow and tiring work, for the runes are miniscule, and I can read them clearly only with a loupe held to my eye. Grandfather was a student of Plagueis, and Plagueis’ grimoire has been rumored to contain magicks capable of controlling the processes of Life. He was, after all, Physician in Ordinary to Queen Victoria in the latter half of his career, and he used his position to make many sacrifices, small and great alike, in worship to the Magna Mater. Perhaps I may yet find some sorcery that may keep Hux alive until he is ready to receive Grandfather’s soul. --- From a slip of note-paper found tucked in Kylo Ren’s journal, undated. Preservation in the form of essential salts? - cross-reference Cotton Mather on Borellus? Check Nadek’s Almanac and the collected letters of Baron Ferenczy. --- Entry from the personal diary of James Allan Hux, Friday, 2nd May 1924 I know the date only because KR has told me, and he has told me only because I have asked. I have not the wit to summon my Greek, or even the more-familiar Latin from my school days. For you who peruse this, please think kindly of a dead or dying man, and grant me the privacy I ask of you as a final request. Please destroy this book, and speak of its secrets to no-one. Bent double, like old beggars under sacks, Knock-kneed, coughing like hags, we cursed through sludge, Till on the haunting flares we turned our backs And towards our distant rest began to trudge. Dear Thomas, My fever must have left my memories confused, for I had to refer to earlier entries to remember your name, and even your face is a blur in my memory. I know intellectually that I mourn you still. I know too that I used to wake up from nightmares of the trenches. But I can summon neither fear nor sorrow to my heart. I am warm, and very drowsy, and at peace, and I am not suffering very much in the periods of time between my fits of coughing. KR tried to discourage me from sitting up in bed to pen this entry, citing my need for rest, but I have slept for days, and it has done me no good, and I feel as though I must leave some kind of message behind to testify to my existence. He assented in the end, and I let him prop me up with a second pillow behind my head. I drank the cup of beef-tea he pressed gently on me before he would bring me a pencil and my diary, though I had little hunger and no real wish for it. It is as though most of my will has passed out of me, and along with it, whatever passion I used to feel, and yet I do not mind. My chief privation is the breathlessness I feel, but it is not very oppressive any more, now that I have grown accustomed to it. My throat no longer hurts, at least when I am not coughing, and if I am to die of this illness I have to admit that it is at least a kind and gentle way for me to go. Wait for me, Thomas, for I will be with you soon. --- Entry from the journal of Kylo Ren, undated. Hux’s fever will not break, despite aspirin and beef-tea and the gentlest of care, and he is delirious again, murmuring weakly in a fractured and broken sleep. And yet he does not fully wake, and I am at my wit’s end. I left his side this afternoon, engaging a nurse from the ship’s surgery to watch him while I was away, and ventured into Ceylon to acquire some miscellanea which will be useful in my present predicament. To that end there is now a pair of resentful chickens huddled in a small, shrouded bamboo cage in the bathroom, a cockerel and a pullet. I had hoped to acquire black-feathered fowl, but they were unavailable on the very short notice that I gave, and these boring brown chickens will do well enough. I acquired also several dried scorpions from a Chinese apothecary, and a long list of herbs - among them the ginseng, which resembles a gnarled homunculus. Its magickal properties are inferior to those of mandrakes, but ginseng-roots are far less risky to pluck from the earth. They are used also in Oriental medicines to strengthen the body, and are used often to supplement broths prepared for the sick. Cordyceps, which is a caterpillar parasitized by a fungus, and thus neither and both animal and vegetable, an excellent aid in rituals that call for the transgression of boundaries. I have acquired besides that a dozen white beeswax candles, several white jade pebbles, ruby and diamond dust, and powdered cinnabar and sulphur. Ultramarine pigment was the hardest item to find - for it is made from lapis lazuli mined in Afghanistan, and ground to a fine powder in an artist’s mortar and pestle. Fortunately I found a professional portraitist, late of London, who was all too willing to share a drink with me at a local club. He possessed several of the precious stones still unground in his paint-box. It was a trivial matter to charm him, even easier to satisfy my ravening hunger upon his shallow memories. I left nothing but dust behind me, dust and old clothes and perhaps fine strands of hair forgotten and blown about by the wind. The pigment that I have obtained shall be unadulterated, for I have ground the stones down to dust myself. All this to perform some magick which I had only recently discovered in Grandfather’s skeletal grimoire, a spell to quench flame and cool heat. It is not strictly something that is specifically used on living beings, its main use being in the forging of magical implements - but it is Hux’s flesh that burns with fever, and perhaps casting it to that end will quell the fever long enough for his animal spirits to rally. It is hard to say whether he does possess the capability, with so much of his soul compromised, but what remains of him is still strong and stubborn, and I need only give it the opportunity to master his flesh again. To that end I shall have to draw the runes in ultramarine pigment mixed with oil upon the subject of my magick - that is, Hux, who lies still in bed. I shall place the jade pebbles on his chest in a prescribed arrangement and order, for the Mongolians used those to summon rain in times of drought, a trivial cantrip learned from the humble peasant-magicks of Leng. I shall then do what is needful with the cockerel and pullet, dedicating their deaths to the sea, and burn their hearts in a brazier filled with herbs and gem dusts. I will tie red ribbons around the ginseng-root, drive an iron nail through it and tie it to Hux’s left wrist to serve as a trap and decoy for the fire which I will drive rushing out of his flesh. And then I shall invoke Mother Hydra, Lady of the Sea, consort of Father Dagon, and beg her to lend me the breezes and their quenching coolness. If the working succeeds, she will listen, and grant me intercession, and I will be able to cool Hux’s fever, perhaps permanently. I do not know if this will be enough to save him, but Grandfather exhorts me to try, and I must, for his punishments are not lightly borne. Investigator’s note: It appears that Kylo Ren was no mere dabbler in the occult. -P.D No, he appears to be a very talented mountebank and charlatan instead, for it would take great gullibility to believe in magic in these present times. - A.C --- From a telegram sent from Singapore on Friday, 18th of April 1924, addressed to James Allan Hux, Esq . ALLAN YOU ARE ALWAYS WELCOME AT OUR HOME I HAVE MISSED YOU LIZBET Investigator’s note: This telegram remained uncollected in the mail-room of the SS Polaris. James Allan Hux did never show up to his appointment with his sister. Poor woman. - A.C --- Entry from the journal of Kylo Ren, undated. It has been a lie. All of this, a lie, and I a blind whelp following to my certain doom. And I know not how Hux can forgive me for what I have done to him, and yet he has. He possesses a great spirit despite his diminishment, and I regret not endeavoring to know him better while he was yet strong and whole. But enough. I must start at the beginning. I had thought at first that the rite had failed, for Hux’s fever burned hot at its conclusion, and he stirred not even when I wiped the runes off his skin with a damp washcloth. I felt myself shiver as though chilled, a novel experience now that I am no longer an endothermic creature, but I chose to ignore it as I sponged him down in an attempt to cool his flesh. And then I realized, as I emptied the basin out in the bathroom, that I had begun to fume faintly like one’s breath does in winter, and that my skin was chill and damp, not so much from sweat as much as from the sea air condensing against my skin. Water dripped off my hair in tiny droplets, and it soaked into my clothing, and I understood then that the spell had worked, only not as I had intended. Mother Hydra (hail to her name) had granted me the boon I had asked for - but it was up to me to ensure that it was wisely used. I did not hesitate to undress, missing buttons as I fumbled in unseemly haste, but I did not know how long I would remain thus blessed, and then I climbed into Hux’s bed, naked as the day I had been born. The bed was narrowly built, and not made for two, but he is gaunt from his illness, and does not take up much space. I curled myself around him spoon-wise, stirring Ben Solo’s faint memories from the trenches, and tucked my right arm around his waist. I supported his head with my left arm, and I felt him shift a little in his sleep, and then lean into me with all his remaining weight. The scalding heat of his skin was shocking against mine even through the soft fabric of his nightclothes, the nape of his neck flushed and irritated from the heat trapped between his skin and his pillow. I wanted to kiss him then, taste the salt of his sweat on his skin, but he was not awake to assent, and so I only pressed my brow against the back of his head, trying to cool him with every inch of skin that I possessed. Our legs tangled loosely together beneath the covers, and eventually we both stopped shivering - him from fever and I from pure chill, and I fell asleep with his heart beating stubbornly, desperately against the palm of my hand. I dreamed as I slept, and I dreamed of her again, the woman with flowers in her hair. She was clad this time in a gown of white silk so finely woven and spun that her skin showed beneath the many layers of its filmy translucence. Ornaments of silver and mother-of-pearl gleamed upon her wrists and breast, a girdle of bells and tiny chains about her waist, and its delicate tinkling accompanied each of her movements. Her hooves were leafed with silver today, lacquered and polished until they shone, and she dropped the veil she wore on the floor behind her as she took a step towards me. “Flesh of my flesh,” she whispered to me in a language that I knew not yet understood, and I fell to my knees in homage before her. “Grandmother Padmé,” I breathed in reply, and she smiled warmly and took my chin gently in her small, strong hand. She was lovelier than M. Mansart’s portrait had led me to believe. Jasmine-flowers bloomed in her dark tresses, their petals white like the raiment she wore, and the scent of the flowers hung heavily in the space we were in. She studied me for a few grave moments, love and pride and sorrow warring in her gaze as her eyes met mine. “Blood of my blood,” she said, as she let go of me, “I am so glad to be able to meet you at last.” I sensed Grandfather’s presence then, stiffened, knowing that he would likely banish this dream again, but Grandmother only drew a burning sword from her breast. It shone pale, the color of moonlight, and with it she scribed a silver circle around us. “Think you that I have come unprepared this time?” she asked Grandfather, as lines of force started to rise, shimmering, from the circle she had drawn in the ground. And then I looked down and realized that I knelt in the middle of a great summoning circle inlaid in the floor with gold and jewels. Sparkling on her breast, beneath the necklace, was a complex sigil that I had recognized, the one that would allow a sorceror to draw a heatless blade of fire from one’s strength of soul. Grandfather’s only response was to roar. He shrieked and shrieked, beneath his ebony mask, until his mirror shattered. And then the shards of glass hung in the air, gathering like a vast shoal of fish silver-sided in the sea, and drove themselves against the circle that Grandmother had drawn. “Listen to me, Kylo, for we do not have much time,” said Grandmother, as she let her sword dissipate in a faint hiss of sparks. “Your grandfather is dead. He has been dead for more than half a century, as you reckon it, and his spirit is gone.” Her words wracked me with grief and fear, and yet I could not bring myself to doubt her. Instead, I took her hands into mine - how small they were - and she closed her fingers around them. “If Grandfather is gone, then who is that?” I asked as I rose to my feet, nodding towards the pealing mirror-shards, the symmetrical lines of Grandmother’s barrier splintering under their assault. “An excellent question, Grandson,” she said, slightly acidly. “But I am not here with recriminations, I haven’t the time. I am here to warn you, my flesh, that you risk losing your heart, and you will not survive its loss.” “My heart?” I asked, letting go of Grandmother’s hands to place my right palm over my chest, to feel at the beating of my heart. “The man whose bed you sleep in, whose kisses you crave, whose soul you drink.” Grandmother’s whiteless eyes were sad and grave, and she reached up to run a gentle hand through my hair. I closed my eyes, ignoring the chaos without, and inhaled deeply the scent of jasmine blossoms. “He is dying, Grandson, and you will never forgive yourself if you do not halt it.” I felt a strange prickling in my eyes then, a sensation that I did not recognize in my nose, and I was surprised to find my face wet when next I opened my eyes. I had thought tears something that I had given up with my humanity. “I have eaten his soul, Grandmother, and I have digested it, and I see no way to give it back.” “Not true, Kylo,” Grandmother Padmé said. She stood on the tips of her hooves, and I bent down to receive her embrace. “Remember the principles of contagion. What is together remains together, and what is apart remains apart. This only means that a part of your soul yearns to unite with his.” She kissed me on the cheek, and then glanced up at the barrier as it cracked and collapsed. “This dream is collapsing. We are out of time.” She pushed something small and dense into my hand and closed my fingers around it, and let me go. “Grandmother,” I said uselessly, but she pushed me away from her, and around us the dream shattered into hundreds of useless shards. They rained heavily down around me, onto me, and I felt them cut my being to ribbons as I fought my way back to wakefulness and daylight. My head ached abominably when I woke - a common side effect of interrupted dream-sendings, and my left arm had fallen asleep from the weight of Hux’s head, but his heart beat still under the palm of my hand, and his breathing was slow and even, his sleep deep and calm. I shifted experimentally against him, pushing my brow against the back of his neck, and found his skin cool but not clammy. His fever had broken at long last, and I felt myself begin to weep in relief and in horror, the feelings mingled with a guilt and disgust that came from deep within me. Hux stirred then, fitfully at first, and then he yawned and rolled over to face me. There were dark circles still around his eyes, but his gaze was clear, and he beheld me with a blend of confusion and vague surprise. He was still pale and peaked, but that unnatural flush was gone, and he blinked drowsily at me, as though expecting an explanation as to why I was in his bed, naked, with my arms around him. “I was afraid you were going to die -” I began to say, and then propped myself up on an elbow as I realized I held something still in my left hand, registered it as an old-fashioned, ornately wrought silver key. I withdrew my left arm and passed the key to my right, dropped it on the small bedside table. “No,” Hux said, his voice soft. He reached out for me as I sat up, and closed his fingers lightly around my left wrist. “Don’t go. I would much rather die in someone’s arms, than alone.” I looked at him then, at how small and vulnerable he looked huddled in his sickbed, his hair tousled and disordered from his pillow, and I realized that he had been facing a lonely, painful death for all of these years, ever since his lungs had been scarred by the mustard-gas in the Great War. What grace and fortitude he had displayed, that he asked to be comforted only this close to dying. “I - Hux,” I said, as the words deserted me. I groped blindly at my thoughts again, forced myself forwards: “I have deceived you. I have been deceiving you. I have been eating slowly away at your soul, at your memories, at your vitality. I am a murderer and a necromancer. I am not human, nor will I ever be. You deserve to be comforted by someone far better than I.” Hux did not look shocked at my confession or my apology, only tugged again at my wrist, and I lay back down in bed and let him rest his head against my shoulder. The scent and texture of him filled my sensorium - a bitter, medicinal hint of camphorated ointment, the tangy salt of fever-sweat, and that faint, dirty body-scent of his bedsheets. I would once have called the last smell unpleasant, but now it spoke differently to my altered sensibilities, and I found within that subtle pungency only the promise of life and its pleasures. Inhaling the nearness of him I had to remind myself that I had fed recently, that this intimacy was for comfort, and not for sustenance. “Even so,” he whispered wearily, weakly, his warm breath tickling against my cold skin, “I forgive you.” He closed his eyes and pressed his face against my neck, and I kissed him then on the crown of his head, at the part of his hairline, on his cool, pale brow, and I felt him return my kisses against the side of my neck, up against my jaw, in the soft spot just beneath my earlobe. Each touch of his mouth burned sweetly as though I had been branded with a red-hot iron, my flesh suddenly very sensitive to every one of his minute movements as he leaned into me. “Why?” I asked him, when we pulled apart for air. We were close enough then that I had to look at him cross-eyed, and I read in him the bittersweet freedom that comes when one gives up entirely on hope and tomorrow, and resolves only to appreciate the now. I felt him rousing to my experimental touch as I ran my free hand down the bumps of his spine, felt my own ache at the nearness of him. “I’ll forgive you anything,” Hux whispered shakily against my clavicles, his teeth flashing in a brief wicked smile, “if you just keep on doing what you’re doing right now.” “I have no idea what else to do,” I told him as he began to kiss me again, his mouth lingering hotly again on my neck, and I felt him laugh softly, briefly, his breath warm on my skin. “That’s all right. I’ll show you,” said Hux, and I let him grip me by the hair and guide my kisses downward as I unbuttoned his pyjamas. I let my lips linger along the freshly-exposed plane of his sternum and the softness of his hollow, sunken belly. I tried to be gentle with him, but he only growled and pulled harder at me. “I’m not made of sugar, you know,” he murmured, as I paused to look back up at him. “You have no idea how fragile you are presently,” I replied between kisses, working my way back up to press my mouth against the stubborn throb of his heart. “Oh, I do,” he gasped softly as I nibbled experimentally on one of his nipples, ripe raspberry pink against the pale cream of his skin, “but as I said, I have no wish to die alone.” “I’m not going to let you die,” I told him, and he tugged at my hair again, pulled my face closer to his. “Not even a little?” Hux let go of my hair then to stroke at my head. I wanted to laugh at his wordplay, but I felt instead a sharp poignancy in my breast, watched as a tear fell from my eye to land wetly on his cheek. He looked gravely into my face then, his eyes shadowed by his long eyelashes, and he let his hand slip from my temple to rest gently against my cheek. I did not trust my own voice, so I kissed him instead, trying to convey with that one mortal gesture the fear and the regret I felt. I heard him whispering soothingly to me as we gasped for air between touches, each word borne on a sudden intake of breath, and wondered then how many others he had comforted in this manner. I dropped all pretense of restraint then, and the shadows came alive, each coalescing into a translucent arm, fingers spread wide to clutch and caress at Hux so that I could know and memorize every inch of him, from the crown of his head to the soles of his feet. Hux stiffened and closed his eyes as the first shadows brushed lightly against his skin, and I saw him murmuring soundlessly, his lips moving. I smelled the fear in his sweat, and his anticipation, and his arousal and lust, and I whispered to him, “Do not fear. I shall not hurt you.” I let my flesh-and-bone hands rest close to his shoulders as I took my own weight on my knees, and he opened his eyes slowly to gaze at the shadows drifting slowly around us. I shuddered in silent delight as one of my phantom hands found the shallow curve of his buttocks, another one exploring the smoothness of his inner thighs, and he yielded himself to me then, relaxing into my unnatural ministrations. I straddled his narrow waist as I kissed him again, and he grasped at the bony points of my hips, let his fingers linger gently beneath my waist. “Tell me what to do,” I asked him, strongly aware of my growing frustration and ache, “I want to fuck you. Or for you to fuck me. Whatever you want to do.” Hux’s face was so flushed as he gazed at me with those pale eyes, the warmth in his skin covering, almost, the ravages of his recent fever and the death that lingered still within him. “We’re going to need some oil,” he told me, “something slick, slippery.” I grinned as I sent a stray shadow towards my dressing case, to retrieve the small bottle of grapeseed oil I used when I shaved. It enveloped the glass translucently, and then crawled its way back to me, and I dropped the bottle into Hux’s hand. “Will this do?” I asked, perhaps taking a little too much pleasure in this trivial little exercise. “Oh, very good,” Hux breathed, and then I hissed and bit back a moan as he ran a slick, dripping hand up against the crease of my arse. His clever fingers probed gently at me, slid into me with a sensation less painful than unfamiliar and strange, and I tried to relax myself as he began to oil me up. “I want to see you spend around me,” he whispered as he worked his fingers back and forth, “I want to spill myself into you. I want to show you how good this feels.” I could only nod in assent and groan as he found a secret spot deep within me that ached sweetly at his touch, and before long I was rocking down onto his long, bony fingers in a slow, easy rhythm, savoring the pleasure each movement brought me. It almost disappointed me when he pulled his hand away, but his eyes and mouth glistened wetly as he poured more oil onto the palm of his hand and ran it slickly and slowly up the shaft of his cock. That done, he grasped again at my hips and guided my movements carefully as I settled myself and lowered myself onto him. There was a brief moment of nervous anticipation as I felt him ease himself into me, and then he thrust his hips upwards, and I shut my eyes and gave myself over to the sweet stretch and the ache as he ravished me mercilessly. The shadows around us melted back into the walls as I lost the ability to concentrate on anything more than moving with and against him. I spent, when I did, with a vague surprise at the shocking bliss and spilled my seed into Hux’s clever hand as my world dwindled away to nothing. I could register dimly the ringing in my ears, each spurt of my cock as white lightning zinged electric up my spine, and I was aware somewhere at the edges of my consciousness that I was weeping from helplessness and sheer relief. Beneath me Hux thrust up and up again into the sensitive tenderness of my arse, and then he keened softly as he arched his back, and I could feel him spilling himself wetly into me. We remained frozen for an eternity of seconds, before he let out a long, slow sigh, and sank limply into the bed. I opened my eyes to find him unresponsive, his eyelashes fluttering weakly as his ripe lips parted slightly. He did not respond as I called his name and shook him, and I feared for several minutes that I had pushed his body beyond the fragile limits of his endurance. I held Hux and stared into his face, willing him to wake, but he did not, and I wept again against his shoulder, listening to the slowing throb of his heart. Several minutes passed, and then I felt him move slightly against me, and he reached out to stroke my head gently, smearing my spunk into my hair. I could not bring myself to care. “I didn’t think I had disappointed you this much,” Hux whispered, his smile soft, tired, faintly wicked, and I knew then that he was all right. Investigator's note: We will be censoring a good amount of this filth if this journal is ever to be submitted formally as evidence. - A.C Oh, come now, surely you've read your Catullus, or does your education not extend to Latin? I forget. - P.D What baffles me is how Ben Solo can be the protegé of Professor Skywalker and have never read his Catullus - why else would he confess to absolute ignorance in these pursuits? Surely his education has been neglected shamefully. - W.A Gentlemen, this is neither the time, nor is it the place to debate proper curriculum for a philology student - we are investigating murder, abduction and a disappearance. - A.C Chapter 6 : Loyalty Summary: Detective Hux accepts his impending death, while Kylo Ren works to prevent it. Ren discovers in his research that there is a way to save Hux - but will the cost be too great? --- Content Warning: The eldritch abomination Kylo Ren seriously considers abducting someone's pet dog as his sacrificial victim. Content Warning: Implied consensual interspecies human/eldritch abomination tentacle sex. Notes: The poem Hux quotes in his next-to-last diary entry is John Donne's Sonnet X. Entry from the journal of Kylo Ren, undated Hux is no longer as ill as he was earlier, the ritual having cooled his fever. This is, however, no guarantee of health, for he continues to hemorrhage his life-force through the wounds in his soul. I would have welcomed this state of events earlier, as this would signal an opportunity for the ritual of transference, but now I dread the bob of my pendulum above his brow as he sleeps. He is mortally wounded in the soul, and I have inflicted these injuries in selfish hunger and deluded foolishness. I can try to keep him healthy for a time, but he shall inevitably die as his strength bleeds into the aether about us, and I can do little to stop it. I do not tell him how close to death he is at present, for he needs no additional reason to give up yet more on life. Weakened like this it is an easy thing for one such as I (or someone else) to wrest control of his body and possess it, casting the ragged remnants of his soul aside, and therefore I ward him carefully with charms and talismans, and search my books for a solution to our current predicament. The tomes I own are scanty - a pathetic excuse for a sorceror’s working library, but so many of the best works have been lost to us, or destroyed purposefully by those who fear their contents. At least Grandfather took steps to ensure that his corpus was left behind - and I have to thank his foresight even as I rue my own idiocy. --- From a scrap of note-paper found in Kylo Ren’s journal. To Ward One’s Dreams Mingle in a goblet tears of poppy with good wine, and then prick your finger and bleed into it, no more than three drops. To that add the ash of frankincense, stirring until the mixture thickens into a paste. With that draw thus the sigil of abjuration with one’s finger upon the brow. Doggerel written in dog Latin, hardly worth the effort of translation. The “sigil of abjuration” indeed. Which one? Would the Elder Sign not be more efficacious? I cannot believe I paid twenty pounds for this book in London. Investigator’s note: And thus do we counsel others, “caveat emptor”. - P.D --- Entry from the personal diary of James Allan Hux, portions translated from Greek by Professor Poe Dameron, Philologist, Miskatonic University Thursday, 8th May 1924 I do not feel entirely myself, and I find myself vaguely surprised at how little I care. Something nags at the edge of my mind, something that I once thought important, and I can no longer bring it to thought. The fever has weakened me, I know, and that is probably why I no longer remember what it was. I suppose I could re-read my diary to find out what it is that I have forgotten, but it seems too much of a bother presently. It is difficult enough to summon what remains of my Greek to pen this entry. It is rather pleasant on deck this evening - the tropical heat is much quenched by the strong sea breeze, and the salt in the air seems to soothe my aching ribs. I must have coughed heavily in the past week. I have finally regained something of an appetite, and I am quite pleased that KR does not at least hew to the school of nursing that insists a recent invalid be fed nothing but beef-tea and milk-toast, for I am much wasted from my ordeal and my clothing does not fit very well at present. I find myself sleeping a great deal still, and my dreams have only become less coherent and more vivid. I keep seeing within my mind a woman with flowers in her hair. The blossoms change from dream to dream, to match her clothing, and she is fey and strange and lovely. She invites me to sit on a couch with her, and I find her stroking my forehead tenderly the way Mother used to, when I was a child. Her hair is dark, richly so, and her eyes bear no hint of the light, only a thick shadowy darkness that reminds me strongly of KR. I remember reading about his grandmother, the Lady V., although I cannot correctly remember why, but I imagine she must look very much like this mysterious lady. I see the borage flowers like tiny blue stars in her hair, and think of the borage flowers growing in the kitchen-garden of the house in Paris, where I spent my earliest years. She is so kind to me, and I should like to dream of her again. Investigator’s note: That important thing he cannot remember is of course his promise to meet his sister in Singapore. - W.A The hand is definitely still his, the Greek consistent with his previous entries, but Detective Hux no longer pens each entry to his lost Thomas. It must have been a terrible illness, to wipe away such memories of love from his mind, but I have seen brain-fevers do similar things. And of course this is no ordinary fever if we were to believe Kylo Ren. - P.D He is a brave and intelligent man despite his deviant preferences - and I confess that it is rather depressing to trace his decline with each entry in his diary. - A.C --- From a letter dated Friday, May 9th, 1924, found unsent in the papers of Kylo Ren. Dearest Mama. You were right. You were right, and I was wrong, and a fool to have hurt you so. Detective Hux is safe with me, and you need not worry about his wellbeing, but I shall not be returning home with him. I do not ask your forgiveness, for there should be none for one such as I. Your loving son, Ben --- Entry from the journal of Kylo Ren, undated I sleep still next to Hux in his bed, for I fear his dying in the night. He seems to rally when I am close to him - as though my presence wards off his impending death. I have several theories for these brief periods of recovery and each seems logical given the unusual circumstances. Firstly, the absence of hope can drain the vitality from the strongest patients, and the will responds magnificently to hope restored. Perhaps it is that my affection for him allows him to imagine a future and thus live on in hope of that happy vision. Secondly, Hux has not been quite in the habit of caring well for himself, as evinced by his thinness on our first meeting. Perhaps I am caring for him more assiduously than he would have himself, the theft of half of his soul notwithstanding. My third theory is based on something Grandmother told me in the brief time of our meeting. “Remember the principles of contagion. What is together remains together, and what is apart remains apart. This only means that a part of your soul yearns to unite with his.” If this is the case, then my consumption of his soul means that part of myself is now inextricably intertwined with his being - a thought that leaves me feeling faintly breathless and giddy as I write it. The ties of contagion lead both back and forth, and through contagion I can live and breathe for Hux while our souls remain mingled thus. This is a delicate state of affairs, however, and he continues to weaken even as I search for a solution to this predicament. Were souls portionable harmlessly, I would simply cleave off a portion of mine and feed it back to him. But that might only supplant the remnants of his personality, thus defeating the entire purpose of the exercise. There must be a way to fortify what is left of him, to make it whole again from the substance I have stolen from him and assimilated into my being. I lie in the darkness with my palm over his chest, feeling the stubborn, thready beat of his pulse, and take comfort that he chooses to keep breathing, sick and tired though he is, just to continue to be with me. --- Entry from the personal diary of James Allan Hux, portions translated from Greek by Professor Poe Dameron, Philologist, Miskatonic University Saturday, 10th May 1924 I believe that my illness has reached a stage of decline, and that my time is short despite the seeming recovery I have made over the past few days. Oh, KR will not tell me so, only encouraging me to eat and rest as I require it, but his cheer has a forced quality to it, a certain affected courage that would be absent were my complaint as mild as he makes it out to be. KR tends me most carefully despite his reticence concerning my illness. He helps me dress and undress, and has at times bathed and wiped me when my cough confines me again to my sickbed. He has fed me when the tremors in my hands prohibit eating in any tidy or comfortable fashion, and he holds my cup to my lips as carefully as my mother once had when E and I caught measles when I was 9. All this he does because he loves me, and I am no longer proud enough to refuse his affection and pity. It is enough, I think, to take what comfort I can in his presence and his touch and close my eyes to the future. I used to scoff at any mention of the supernatural, the faith having been burned out of me by the crucible of war. Miracles are not for one such as I. But who would have thought that the shadows can be charmed off a wall and made to dance like a cobra, and how could I have known the pleasures that their touch can bring? The angels once fell for the daughters and sons of Man in antediluvian times, but who is to say that mortals did not love them back for their greatness and grandeur and puissance? I love him, my fallen angel. I love him in the way one loves something awesome and terrible, in the way one can grow to love and desire one’s death after a long, tiring illness. Perhaps he shall be the one to escort me beyond the veil of mortality - and I shall go gladly should he ask for one last dance with me. --- Entry from the journal of Kylo Ren, undated I believe that I have found a way, but I must kill him first to save him, and I am afraid. I communed again with Grandmother Padmé’s spirit with the aid of the silver key she had left me a week ago, when the entity impersonating Grandfather had disrupted her dream-summoning and cast me back into wakefulness. I have read of the Silver Key in obscure pages of dream-lore, of how it grants a mortal dreamer free passage through the Dreamlands, but I had not expected it to be a physical item. The texts I had read were alternately crabbed and cryptic or purposefully obtuse and allusive, and I had been left with the impression that the Silver Key had been a spell or ritual, or even a series of mandalas to memorize and assemble into a mental ward to use while attempting astral projection. I lulled Hux to sleep in usual fashion last night, kissing him on the back of his head as his breathing began to slow. I checked that the ward-stone against possession was still secure under his pillow, and then I got up and lay atop the covers on my own bed. I clutched the key close to my heart, and then closed my eyes and began the slow breathing exercises that loosed my spirit from my flesh and allowed me to step wholly into the shadowy penumbra of dreams. From there the key would guide me to the Dreamlands, and hopefully, to Grandmother’s side. I felt a tug at my being the moment I stepped out of my corpus, and I sensed in it great anger and peril. Of course my false Grandfather had been waiting still for me. He said nothing but merely summoned the shards of his mirror when he saw me set foot into the realm of sleep, but I had not come unprepared. I reached beneath my shirt and grasped at the phantom hilt of a sword, and then drew it forth in a shocking blaze of heat and fire. It sputtered and hissed fiercely, and even its crossguard was alight with phantom fire. Had he not taught me this charm that I had also seen Grandmother use? I had painted the sigil upon my breast before I had retired today, and I stood my ground with the sword in my right hand and the key in my left. Weapons of steel stood little to no chance against the psychic assault of my false Grandfather’s mirror. They would simply pass through blades and shields, through flesh and bone, only to sear and shred mind and soul alike. But this sword drawn from the core of my soul was capable of barring dream weapons, or destroying them, even. With it I shattered each mirror-shard until it was but dust, without a coherent will left to hold it in a dangerous form. When I had thus disarmed him, my false Grandfather only snapped his fingers once, and a torrent of fire opened up in the aether and swallowed him whole. I let the sword dissipate in a small shower of embers, and then closed my eyes and followed the pull of the key as it took me to my Grandmother. “That was reckless, my flesh,” Grandmother Padmé said as I slowly opened my eyes to the light and warmth of her working-room. She wore a prince’s ransom of gems dripping down the front of her indigo-dyed skirts, and extended a small hand towards me as I knelt in the middle of her summoning circle. I took her hand in both of mine and kissed it, and then stood up to embrace her. Pale honeysuckle blossoms winked against the darkness of her hair, and their fragrance surrounded me as she held me by the shoulders and looked into my face. “I want to save Hux,” I told her, without further elaboration, “and I know not how.” “Come and sit by me, Grandson,” she said, motioning to her couch, “while we talk.” I am self-taught and untrained, and Grandmother’s tutelage was humbling. Magick and sorcery had been her birthright, after all, and she had been schooled in the the subject since she could walk. She revealed to me wonders that I had not dreamed of in our brief discussion - abilities that I possessed but had not learned to use. “You are correct, Grandson,” Grandmother said, near the end of our discussion, “that transferring Hux a portion of your soul will only snuff out what remains of his will and personality. However, there is another way. Feed on him. Drain him dry and hold the remnants of his being safely within your soul, and the principles of contagion will assert themselves. The motes of your being that were formerly his will seek their old home, and in this fashion effect a repair. Then you need only feed it back to him.” I blinked, surprised and shocked at the simplicity of her solution. “But will he not die, lacking a soul?” That was the inevitable outcome of most of my previous feedings. Grandmother shook her head, and her gemmed earrings swayed lightly with the movement. “You know already that the principle of contagion has thus far allowed you to breathe and live for him, to a certain extent. You can maintain his body at the very point of death with your closeness, and then restore him with the infusion of his whole soul.” I nodded slowly, understanding what she meant. “That must require… very intimate contact,” I said slowly, attempting to be delicate in her presence. I should have blushed were I still capable of it. Grandmother Padmé scoffed at my unease. “I am your grandmother, Kylo Ren. Certain acts were required for your mother to have come into being. I am no shrinking maiden.” “Even so,” I said. It was a peculiar discomfort to be faced with the fact that one’s parents (and grandparents) had to have had congress for one to exist. One knows that intellectually, of course, but in the personal it is rather a rather mortifying thought. Perhaps I retain enough humanity to still be affected by the incest taboo. “You can follow the general form of the ritual of transference, naturally,” Grandmother Padmé said, returning to practical matters as though we had not just discussed my sexual activities with uncomfortable frankness. “You will want to add a warding circle, something to prevent intrusion and interruption from without.” “Of course,” I sighed, considering the rite and its requirements. I had most of its components and ingredients ready, which meant that I could perform it fairly soon - once I had consulted my almanac to ensure a beneficial alignment of the stars and planets. “There is one more thing, Grandson,” Grandmother Padmé placed her small hand on my sleeve, stroked my arm soothingly. “You have no doubt already noticed Hux’s diminishment. He is not wholly himself. Replacing the missing parts of his soul may not restore his personality and memories entirely, for those have already been digested and assimilated into your being.” I felt a wretched pang of fear twist within me, cold, spiky, sour. “He should still love me, should he not?” “He does presently, but.” Grandmother said, hesitating briefly. “One can feed the caterpillar, and attempt to discern what emerges from the chrysalis, but even so one cannot change the color of a butterfly’s wings.” “I shall perform the ritual nevertheless,” I told her. “I owe him that much.” Her whiteless gaze was sad and sympathetic. “Even if he awakens and does not love you?” she asked me. I took a deep breath and tested my resolve, found it firm despite the bittersweet ache welling in my chest. “If so,” I said, “it is nothing more than what I deserve for what I have done to him.” Grandmother Padmé nodded, her exquisite features settling into an expression of pride. “The blessings of the Magna Mater go with you, my blood.” She kissed me upon the forehead, and then I was waking up in my own bed, with the key still resting heavily over my heart. --- Entry from the personal diary of James Allan Hux Sunday 11th May, 1924. Death be not proud, though some have called thee Mighty and dreadful, for, thou art not so, For, those, whom thou think'st, thou dost overthrow, Die not, poore death, nor yet canst thou kill me. From rest and sleepe, which but thy pictures bee, Much pleasure, then from thee, much more must flow, And soonest our best men with thee doe goe, Rest of their bones, and souls deliverie. Thou art slave to Fate, Chance, kings, and desperate men, And dost with poyson, warre, and sicknesse dwell, And poppie, or charmes can make us sleepe as well, And better than thy stroake; why swell'st thou then; One short sleepe past, wee wake eternally, And death shall be no more, Death, thou shalt die. Investigator’s note: This is the next-to-last entry in Hux’s diary and the last entry in his handwriting. - P.D --- Entry from the journal of Kylo Ren, undated Ingredients for one ritual of transference: Powdered cinnabar and ruby-dust for the outer circle of warding. Salt, iron filings and bone-ash for the inner circle of transference. White chalk and black ink for diagramming the interior angles of the ritual circle. Myrrh, sandalwood and cedar for the thurible. Nine white beeswax candles. The bones of an ancestor - Grandmother’s will do. I doubt that she will grudge me their use, in any case, as they are meant to be employed as foci and not as sacrifices. One willing subject. One ritualist. One blood sacrifice. It is fortunate that the ritual does not call for a human sacrifice. We are currently at sea between the ports of Singapore and Yokohama and utilizing one of the passengers or crew would summon far more attention than I should like. That still leaves me with a slight predicament. All of the meat aboard this ship resides in the cold locker - we have left the days of livestock in pens on the deck far behind us. The sea surrounds us, and I could easily cast a minor rite of summoning, but what am I to summon? Whales would be far too large and unwieldy, and seals are far too pungent. Fish would be entirely insufficient for a rite of this size, and the omnipresent seagulls just seem a poor idea in the first place. It shall have to be a dog, which suits rather well. A dog for loyalty, to reinforce the principle of contagion and bind Hux’s soul back to his body. And I know just the dog to use. One of the society dowagers aboard first class on the SS Polaris has pettishly insisted her pet dog accompany her everywhere - to the restaurant and the ladies’ parlor, the library, the reading-rooms, on deck. It is a small, inbred ball of brown fur and ill-feeling, and it has attempted to snap at my ankles more than once. Most dogs sense what I am fairly quickly, and cower away from me. It takes exceptional stupidity and stubbornness for one to stand its ground around me, and yet more viciousness to attack me. These are all qualities that would make a terrible pet, which is why Bootsy is at once feared and hated by the stewards and stewardesses serving the First Class passengers. What I seek, however, is a sacrifice. Bootsy’s ill temperament and vicious nature makes it the perfect victim. Not only am I ridding myself of an annoyance, I am perhaps doing the crew of the Polaris a great favor by ensuring that this cur is no longer menacing stewardesses who want only to get through the morning with the sheets changed and the cabins cleaned in due order. Investigator’s note: Poor Bootsy. - P.D Even accounting for Kylo Ren’s usual sense of melodrama that dog seems like a perfectly horrid specimen of its kind, and I do not mourn overmuch for its passing. - W.A What is it about women and inbred lap dogs? My wife is currently nursing one “Pipkin”, a hideous, hairless thing of supposed Chinese origins with fur only on its tail-tip and the top of its head. It looks like an accident of nature. - A.C Pedigree is one thing, but there can be such as thing as too much pedigree, as the Hapsburgs learned to their great dismay. - P.D Chapter 7 : The Rite (an interlude) Summary: Content warning: ritual animal sacrifice. Content warning: consensual human/eldritch abomination tentacle sex, general debauchery. Content warning: consensual erotic soul eating. Content warning: dubiously consensual necrophilia. Content warning: major character death. (He gets better afterwards.) --- It's the chapter you've all been waiting for - the tactical black magic gay necrophilia tentacle sex ritual. Notes: This chapter departs from the usual epistolary format and introduces in-character POV as neither Hux nor Ren are really up to describing the tactical black magic gay necrophilia tentacle sex ritual, being rather too busy during the actual rite, and far too busy with other concerns right after. Also I decided to spare Airen Cracken’s mind, lest he actually need to lie down and summon a physician after reading all that filth. Ren's reference to Aleister Crowley is of course a nod at his bisexuality and the fact that he had devised several gay sex magic rituals, which Ren of course pooh-poohed because he isn't very convinced that mortals make good sorcerors at all. (He'd be wrong, of course.) Late afternoon light crept beneath closed curtains, the fabric pinned shut where it parted, and Kylo Ren sat at a small writing-desk in his suite aboard the SS Polaris as he considered his almanac and star-charts. The attenuated light outlined him thinly, bouncing off the unrelieved black of his garments and on the knuckles and veins of his large, sinewy hands, but stopped just below his shoulders, he having absently contrived a veil of shadows to shield his dark, sensitive eyes while he worked. Ren no longer tolerated daylight very well - one of the small costs he paid constantly for shucking his humanity like one would a soiled set of clothes. Sorcerers are so much like navigators, he thought, frowning in brief concentration as he tapped his pencil-end briefly against his full, sensual mouth; we must watch the sky and the movements of the stars. Ben Solo used to chew upon the ends of his pencils once upon a time, but Kylo Ren lacked his self-consciousness and shyness and thus did not, choosing to employ his teeth on other things instead. The components of the ritual were spread out in a tidy row across the desk above his almanac, dusts and chalk and ink in a variety of jars and bottles. A bundle of white candles tied together with string. A small bronze incense burner shaped like a rabbit, its ears functioning as the handle with which one lifted the lid. The censer had been Ben Solo’s, acquired at an antique shop in Boston, having originally come from Japan. Kylo Ren had taken a liking to it while going through Ben’s possessions, and put it to ritual use. He was a rather utilitarian ritualist and selected his implements based on function rather than form, while also acknowledging that form and function often came together in the best of craft. The stars would be right enough that night, the flows and eddies of the aether currently calm and stable, and a small prognostication cast with his grandfather’s engraved carpal bones had forecast no problems. The rite of transference could proceed at moonrise, which meant that he would have to start preparations very soon. Ren stood up quickly, pushing his chair back with a slight scrape, and turned to the bed on the right side of the cabin to watch his lover breathe. Allan Hux lay asleep, curled up on his left side, his pillow-mussed hair glowing in the fading light like a dying ember, and his long eyelashes fluttered briefly as he shifted against the bed and then fell back asleep. Each breath was hoarse, slightly labored, and Ren bent at the waist to place his fingertips at the soft vulnerable spot below Hux’s jaw. Hux’s presently delicate condition was entirely Ren’s fault, and he accepted both the blame and the responsibility for restoring Hux back to some semblance of health. Ren had become drunk with his power and sipped too much and too frequently from Hux’s vivid soul, leaving him gravely wounded on a spiritual level. Hux’s skin was cool to the touch, slightly damp under Ren’s fingertips. His heart beat threadily, but his pulse was regular. He would live yet, at least long enough for the rite of transference to hopefully restore his health and vigor. Satisfied, Ren straightened up and stepped out of the bedroom into the suite’s drawing room. It was a trivial matter for him to push the furniture into the corners and roll the room’s small carpet into a compact tube, which he secured with a piece of string and propped against the wall, between two chairs. Beneath the carpet the wood floor gleamed, well-waxed and polished. That done, he stepped back into his bedroom and took the blanket up from his made bed, draping it over his arm. He took the wool blanket out of the drawing-room and folded it carefully in the middle of the empty floor. When it was folded to his satisfaction Ren went back to the bedroom and woke Hux. “Allan?” Ren murmured, shaking Hux’s bony shoulder carefully, “wake up.” Hux’s thinness felt fragile, oddly avian under Ren’s hand - something that Ren found at once depressing and incredibly alluring. There was still a part of him, the predator within, that wanted nothing more than to finish devouring Hux’s soul, but Ren put those thoughts away with relative ease. He was quite the eldritch horror, yes, elevated beyond the petty concerns of human morality and sanity, but that did not mean that he was required to live as a mindless beast concerned only with rutting and feeding. “Mh,” Hux grunted softly as he shifted in bed, his eyes flickering open to take in the cabin, Ren’s presence, the late afternoon light. His blue eyes looked watery in his pallid face, dilute like cheap aquamarines as a thin ray of light slipped between the curtains to slant across his face. “It’s not time for the ritual yet,” he murmured, his pronunciation at once precise and dulcet, a marker of his class and origins as the nephew of an earl, and the quality of his education at Oxford. “No,” Ren agreed, reaching out to smooth Hux’s hair away from his brow, “but I’d much rather draw the circles around you then carry you into the center afterwards and find out the circle is two inches too small.” “A good point.” Hux sat up slowly in bed and pulled the sheets aside, and then swung his legs over the side of the bed. “I can walk,” he told Ren as he stood, but his words proved a lie as he took a first wobbly step, and fell nearly to his knees. Ren caught him gently and then half-knelt as he swept Hux into his arms and lifted him up in a bridal carry. “I have you,” Ren told him as he straightened up, trying to sound soothing. He edged through the doorway sideways as he carried Hux into the drawing-room, and then put him down carefully on the folded blanket in the middle of the floor where he stood, wobbly but stable, under his own failing strength. “I suppose I should undress,” Hux said as Ren took his shoulder to steady him, “It would be more convenient to do it now.” Ren nodded. “I agree.” He stood by Hux as he unbuttoned his flannel pyjama shirt, ready to steady him in case his knees gave out, and then took his arms to support him as he stepped out of his pyjama pants. Hux’s nakedness made very clear the recent decline in his health - his flanks were striped with light and shadow where his ribs protruded, and his belly was sunken and hollow, giving his formerly lean build an aspect of emaciation. Ren laid him down atop the blanket, collected his clothes, and then went back into the bedroom to collect the other blanket. He left the pyjamas on top of Hux’s unmade bed, and then entered the drawing room and draped the blanket over him. “Thank you,” Hux said simply as Ren adjusted the uppermost blanket, tucking it carefully over his feet. He wanted nothing more than to join Hux on the floor, on top of those blankets, and seize him gently in his hands, kiss the pain and exhaustion away from his face. Ren’s consumption of Hux’s soul had joined them both more closely than any vow or exchange of rings could. Their souls were now intertwined, and Ren had rather opportunistically used their lovemaking in order to channel his own unholy strength into Hux’s failing body over the past few days. Ren had work to do now, however, and he let Hux settle down and watch him quietly while he began pulling implements out of his coat pockets. Ren used his pendulum and the almanac to orient his mental map of the stars, which he marked out as focal points on the wooden floor with a grease pencil. He tied a long piece of string to his grease pencil to mark out the boundaries of the inner and outer circles, and Hux obligingly held the other end fast to make an improvised compass as Ren duck-walked around him to complete the rough diagram that would allow him to begin scribing the ritual circles in earnest. Ren grinned briefly as he took the grease pencil off the floor, his circle template completed. “You’re a good assistant,” he told Hux as he wrapped the string around the pencil and pocketed it, before pulling a piece of chalk from another one of his capacious pockets. That was not flattery - Hux possessed an excellent education, a broad intellect and a mind like a steel trap, and Ren paused to consider just how those attributes that had made him such a persistent and capable investigator, could be turned also to the theory and practice of magick. Hux did not answer, but he watched quietly as Ren connected the star-markings with lines of chalk. He then used those as reference lines for runes and sigils scribed in a thick, viscous ink, scribing an elaborate diagram around his supine body tucked between folded blankets. “What are these for?” Hux asked after twenty minutes of silence. Ren looked up at Hux as a lock of dark, wavy hair fell across his narrow face, and he brushed it impatiently aside as he spoke. “These are diagrams for the flow of magickal energy. I use them as a railroad engineer might use a map as reference as his crew lays tracks.” Hux glanced down one of the lines extending from a point near his upper right arm to the very edge of the grease pencil circle. His eyes narrowed thoughtfully as he studied the runes, as though he could read them. Not many mortals could, Ren knew - not at least without going slowly and irrevocably insane - but Hux simply looked at them as one beheld a grocery list. Ren wondered then how much he had left behind in Hux’s soul during his many feedings. The principle of contagion worked both ways. Hux cleared his throat softly and looked up from the runes to gaze intently at Ren. “And your spell is like a cargo that needs to get from one point to another?” Ren licked the point of his brush to sharpen it, dipped it back into the bottle he held in his free hand and started drawing again. “With you as the destination, yes. Some people perform sorcery without understanding the base principles of workings - they copy a ritual again and again from an old book or a cultic practice without understanding how it works. I am supposed to know better than that,” Ren admitted. “Supposed to,” Hux mused, and then he frowned as he thought of something else. “Ren? Should you be… licking that brush?” Hux asked him. Ren laughed briefly at that. He had to lift his hand and brush-tip from the floor so as not to mar his chart with his movement. “It’s squid-ink thickened with arrowroot. It’s entirely edible, even for humans, and I am somewhat beyond that.” “Yes,” Hux sighed, faintly exasperated, “but it’s been touching the floor, which is probably filthy.” Ren shrugged once in mock innocence. “It’s still not the most filthy thing I’ve done with my mouth,” he said before returning to his incomplete diagram. “Point,” Hux said weakly, a smile spreading slowly over his weary face, “Carry on.” --- It took Ren more than an hour to complete the rest of the diagram by hand, and he could feel himself tiring from having concentrated so hard and so long on the task. He had tested his penmanship with the shadows earlier and found it unsatisfactory for detail required, and thus had scribed the entire thing manually. That was the hardest thing done, however, and Hux had fallen quietly asleep by then. Ren placed the nine beeswax candles at focal points within the circle, melting their bases with his cigarette lighter so as to secure them to the floor. He then retrieved his grandmother Padmé’s skeleton reverently from the valise he had kept it in. His grandparent’s skeletons had fitted fairly well in a roomy suitcase, each set of remains separated from each other by thin silken shrouds and cushioned with wads of lambs’ wool. He had retrieved his grandfather’s remains several times, mostly to transcribe the grimoire carved into Anakin’s bones, but Padmé’s skeleton had rested undisturbed in his valise until now. Ren brushed a reverent finger over Padmé’s cheekbone as he unwrapped the shroud, the loose bones clacking softly against each other as the bundle shifted in his hands. Slowly and carefully, he placed the bones in a prescribed order around the greasepaint circle. Her skull he left at the zenith of the circle, facing westward, while the rest of her bones completed the circle in vague anatomical order from the cervical vertebrae downwards. Her ribs curved gently, nested parentheses, as Ren laid them out in a row following the curve of the circle, its arc ending with her dainty hooves placed just to the left of her skull. He then arranged the long and small bones of her arms and hands, the knobbly vertebrae on the right half of the circle so that she made a gleaming ivory ouroboros around Hux’s prone form. That done, he adjusted the upper blanket around Hux, tucking it higher over the slow rise and fall of his chest. An idle shadow darted over the diagram and retreated into the bedroom, returning loaded with dusts, salt and iron filings. Ren closed his eyes and focused his considerable will, and the rest of the shadows in the drawing room writhed into life, and then drifted around the circle slowly as though caught in an intangible whirlpool. He frowned slightly as he summoned his powers of concentration, thinking hard of the ritual circles and their layout both within and without - the outer circle of warding, to protect Hux from possession while he would lie all but dead during the ritual, and the inner circle of transference, which would prevent Hux’s liberated soul from escaping into the aether during the rite itself. The greasepaint circle might as well have been an inch high to the shadows’ very sensitive touch, and Ren traced it clockwise from zenith to nadir to zenith again, depositing the dust in the prescribed patterns. Last of all he took his small pocketknife out, and unfolded it carefully. He pushed the point of the blade through the palm of his left hand and muttered a brief invocation. The furniture in the suite rattled briefly. A single drop of black ichor fell onto the wood floor as Ren withdrew the knife from his wound. Something crackled briefly and then went out, a dry, electric feeling, and it was done. The ritual circles were set. Nothing short of complete destruction of the wooden floor would disrupt the circles or the intricate diagram inked within them, not until the rite of transference was over. Ren closed the pocketknife then, folding the blade into the handle, and paused to admire his work for a brief moment. The black runes in the circle’s central diagram were small and spidery, glistening blackly from the rich waxy sheen of the wood floor. Each glyph writhed in the vision as though seen through desert air, a curious, slithery illusion of the eye that lent each line a serpentine sort of movement. The gray speckled inner circle was precisely drawn, a circle a little more than six feet in diameter, its arc interrupted by slashes and circles dashed across its circumference. Around it was a red circle entirely unbroken, just a solid line of cinnabar and ruby dust as thick as one of Ren’s fingers. His grandmother’s bones fanned out from the ritual space, providing a helpful bulwark to reinforce the outer circle of warding. There was only one thing left to do. Ren knelt down beside Hux and stroked his head gently, ran his fingers through the softness of his hair, and Hux blinked slowly awake at the touch. They kissed briefly once, again, and then Ren rocked back on his knees, his long-fingered hands lingering still on Hux’s jawline and the crown of his head. “It’s nearly time,” Ren murmured softly to him, “I’m going to procure our victim.” “Not a person,” Hux frowned, his eyes clouded with fear and uncertainty. It is not as though I deserve his trust, Ren thought, reading the vulnerability in Hux’s face, that desperate need to have somebody to believe in. It’s entirely my fault that he is in this situation in the first place. Ren felt a distant pang of guilt, the feeling very remote and akin to what he had once felt when resting his weight on a foot that had fallen asleep. Ren took Hux’s hand in his and squeezed it gently, reassuringly. “Not a person,” he repeated. “An owl for night and a rooster for day. A crow or a raven for prognostications, rabbits for fertility, a magpie for theft. Dogs for loyalty,” he recited slowly. "As a dog is loyal to its master, so is your body to your soul. Contagion. What is together remains together, and what is apart stays apart. I want to reinforce that bond." Hux smiled and chuckled softly, weakly. “I suppose this is a terrible time for me to tell you that I’m rather fond of dogs.” Ren’s grin answered Hux’s smile, white, wicked and slightly crooked, “Oh, you aren’t fond of that one.” It makes sense, Ren thought. Hux had dreamed of dogs once or twice, one a long, happy childhood dream of running after a great brown Newfoundland across a field, his bootlaces muddy and undone. He had held a clutch of wild strawberries in one grimy fist, and Ren had luxuriated in the sweet richness of their flavor, distilled and amplified by a sense of carefree joy, as he had sipped from Hux’s mind. “You have a specific dog in mind - wait. Don’t tell me. That vicious-tempered, smelly little Pomeranian,” Hux sighed, closing his eyes, as he tried to remember, “Bugsy or whatever its name was.” “Bootsy,” Ren corrected him, continuing to stroke his head slowly, gently. Hux’s hair was so soft under his touch, and even now he still expected it to scorch his hand with its brightness, but it only whispered softly against Ren’s skin as Hux shut his eyes in silent appreciation at the caress. “I won’t be long,” Ren continued, “Just rest and wait for me, and I’ll be back to start the ritual.” --- It wasn’t exactly a difficult matter for Kylo Ren to find Bootsy and its owner, the widowed Mrs. Richardson, who was only aboard the SS Polaris to drive her newly wedded son into a heretofore unknown state of frustration as he travelled with his lovely young wife to a job posting in Shanghai. The couple had very little privacy afforded them, Ren knew, as Mrs. Richardson had insisted on sharing a cabin with them. A sweeter-tempered mother-in-law should have been a wonderful companion for a young bride on such a long journey to a foreign land, but Mrs. Richardson had spent most of the voyage in a stony state of resentment, opening her mouth only to disparage her daughter-in-law to fellow-travellers, most of whom had learned to carefully avoid her on deck or in the ladies’ drawing room. Ren had caught a faint hint of her daughter-in-law’s thoughts as the unhappy little group had passed his deck-chair one evening, and they had run mostly to strychnine and arsenic. He could not blame the young woman for her murderous thoughts - she had demonstrated a saint’s patience for the most part, but the thoughts in her head were one of the few things she could not be judged for over the course of this voyage. Ren had considered briefly aiding her in disposing of Mrs. Richardson, but his tastes did not run to middle-aged women who looked constantly as though they had simultaneously bitten into a lime and also smelt something nasty in that moment, and his appetites had sickened when confronted with the vista of her thoughts, those mostly being made up of equal amounts of piss, vinegar, spite and envy. Besides, her death or disappearance would excite more attention than he wished to deal with, and the young Mr. and Mrs. Richardson both hated Bootsy enough that it seemed likely that they would pitch the dog overboard the moment they didn’t have the dowager Mrs. Richardson to deal with. Mrs. Richardson had brought a pet on board, a small, inbred Pomeranian dog named Bootsy, which accompanied her everywhere. The creature was at least as ill-tempered as its owner and far less restrained about it - it had snapped at crew and fellow-passengers alike, and even attempted a few bites in Ren’s direction once it had sensed his eldritch nature. That had impressed him somewhat, considering that the dog was roughly the size of a well-fattened chicken and probably about as lethal as one. The sheer intensity of its nihilistic hatred for anything and everything that was not its owner spoke of great strength of spirit - and besides, his disposal of the vicious, dull-minded creature was probably a just and meritorious act. Ren spotted Mrs. Richardson on her usual deck chair, Bootsy ensconced on her bony lap with its leash trailing off the side of the chair’s armrest. She read a book rather sourly while glancing over its top at her fellow-passengers, many of whom she despised for no reason at all save her prejudice and envy. The smelly, vicious little dog was at relative peace for once as it panted softly in the warm air. Young Richardson and his bride were nowhere to be found, and Ren guessed from the dowager’s expression and the taste of resentment in the air that the young man had finally found the backbone to tell his mother where her criticism and advice would be most welcomely posted in the future (that is, up rather personal and intimate parts of her anatomy) and finally taken his long-suffering wife to one of the lounges for a drink. Bootsy growled at him as he neared Mrs. Richardson’s deck chair. He only raised an eyebrow and removed his hat to greet her, his manners infuriatingly perfect. She only “hmpfed” briefly at him over her book, and then Bootsy was standing up on her lap, its fur fluffing out as it barked loudly and insistently in its objection to Ren’s presence. Wonderful, Ren thought without any sarcasm at all, perfect. He took his cigarette case and lighter out of his pockets with ostentatious slowness, and then lit up without even asking Mrs. Richardson for permission to do so, which was not the thing to do, in strictest politeness. Her “hmph” grew into a “tsk”, and the “tsk” into a “tut” as he exhaled into the oncoming sea breeze, sending a cloud of tobacco smoke wafting in the woman’s direction. Several things happened at once then. Mrs. Richardson shut up her book and began fanning the air around her while glaring hard enough at Kylo Ren to have drawn blood with her gaze. Ren lost his grip on his lighted, smouldering cigarette, and it flew along the deck, borne by the rising wind. The barking, furious Bootsy suddenly sprang off Mrs. Richardson’s lap to chase something that infuriated it - something that looked very much like a small, rat-shaped shadow, just as Ren ran past Mrs. Richardson in the opposite direction in pursuit of his lost cigarette. The leash played out as Bootsy ran away from Mrs. Richardson, and its end slipped off the deck chair before she had thought to grab at it with her hand. Her fingers closed on empty air, and then she abandoned her deck chair and her book to half-run after her misbehaving pet as it sprinted, barking madly across the deck of the Polaris. She was, however, nowhere near as fast as Bootsy, for Nature had furnished it with four legs in comparison to her two, and she had been wearing a rather narrow, confining skirt in any event, which only served to handicap her more in the chase. Kylo Ren, on the other hand, had always been tall and leggy, and his stride took him very easily to Bootsy’s location. It managed a brief yelp as he caught up to it and enveloped it with soft, muffling shadow, and then tucked the squirming cocoon under his arm where it blended in with the black fabric of his coat as he walked slowly and innocently to his suite. Bootsy’s leash trailed silently at his heels, but it was a small thing that nobody noticed through the minor glamour he had woven to ensure his privacy during the actual abduction of the dog. Bootsy struggled valiantly under his arm, but the shadow absorbed most of the impact of its movements, yielding softly as it barked and thrashed only to spring elastic back to its previous dimensions afterward, and it soon got tired and just lay sullen in its umbral swaddling, awaiting its fate with the considerable hate and resentment that its tiny heart could generate. Ren patted its head almost fondly through the layer of shadow before he searched his pocket for the key to his suite, and smiled grimly to himself as he felt it growl against his touch. I’ll make it quick, he thought as he turned the key in the lock, such persistence deserves a reward. --- Ren noticed that Hux had shifted atop the blankets as he shut the suite door behind him. Hux had rolled onto his left side and drawn his knees up so that he lay in a loose fetal curl, and the blanket over him had slipped away to fall in a small, rumpled ridge to his right. The bumps of his spine stood out through his skin, catching the light like a strand of pearls laid over a smoothly-sanded piece of ivory, and Ren felt himself shiver with a gut-twisting blend of longing and nerves. Ren had never performed a ritual of this magnitude before, and his experiences with soul manipulation extended mostly to eating them. Besides, he was also fully aware that the repair of Hux’s soul would be a patchwork affair, and that there was no guarantee he would still be entirely the same person on the other side of the working. “You’re awake, I hope,” Ren said, and the sound of his voice stirred Bootsy to a fresh bout of struggling against the tough, shadowy cocoon he had enveloped it in. “Yes,” Hux said as he rolled back onto his back, his chest rising and falling in the slow, calm rhythm of near-somnolence. “I assume that is Bootsy.” “None other.” Ren lit the rabbit-shaped censer with his cigarette lighter, watched as the prepared cedarwood twigs ignited, and then drew his folding pocketknife out into the open. He held Bootsy securely under his arm as he opened the knife, the blade still marred slightly by his own black blood. The sharp bitter scent of myrrh and the sweet warmth of sandalwood rose into the air, mingling with the sharpness of cedar smoke as the incense and fuel began to burn in earnest. “You may wish to avert your eyes,” Ren warned Hux, who did turn his face away from what was about to happen next. Ren shut his eyes for a brief moment, and focused on the aether, on the currents of magick he had learned to sense in previous months. He spoke a word of Enochian that tolled like a bell in the drawing-room, and then another that rang like a finger drawn around the lip of a wineglass. The shadows in the room were drawn suddenly to him, a hundred thousand hands grasping and drifting like seagrass on an incoming tide. He let the umbral layers slide off of Bootsy, and then opened its throat before it could begin to bark. Its faint yelp was drowned out by the bubbling of its last exhalation, and the censer steamed and smoked as Ren let some of the blood spill onto the open flame. He drained some more blood into a glass tumbler, and then dug his intangible shadows into the carcass and pulled. Bones and cartilage gave with an alarming set of cracks and pops as Ren prised the little dog’s ribcage open with a thought, and with the bloodied fingers of his right hand he plucked the heart out as one picked a fruit from a conservatory tree. He laid his grisly offering atop the censer, and the room began to fill with the savory, bitter stink of charring flesh as the flames consumed the gristly knot of muscle. There was a fierce crackling from the fire, and a soft pop as the moisture boiled out of the tissue, and the nine candles in the ritual circle lit suddenly of their own accord, the candle flames flaring brightly before they settled to their usual dimensions. The sweet odour of burning beeswax joined the mixed incenses and began to banish the worst of the bitterness from the air. Kylo Ren dropped the furry corpse at his side, outside the ritual circle, and closed his eyes. He chanted softly and continuously in Enochian as the shadows around him stirred into action. A pair of tenebrous hands relieved him of his jacket, valet-like. Another pair unbuttoned his waistcoat. He permitted those ministrations to happen, and shucked each article of clothing like an old snakeskin even as the dog’s blood began to dry, itchy and sticky on the skin of his forearms and hands. Soon he stood naked and spattered in gore as though newborn, his lips moving almost soundlessly in the hazy air as he finished the incantation. Ren accepted the blood-filled tumbler from a helpful tendril of shadow, and stepped into the ritual circle. The candle flames flickered as though in an unfelt breeze, and Ren felt himself pierce the veil of warding. His skin tingled from the charge of puissance as he knelt down beside Hux, and he could feel the hairs on his arms and the nape of his neck bristling from the power thrumming through him. It was as though he had become an immense galvanic battery, the mysterious alchemy of his changed body sizzling and seething with arcane energies. “Are you ready?” he whispered to Hux, whose eyes were open again. The golden candlelight bounced off his supine form, gilded him and warmed his complexion, lent his gaze an avid, glittering heat. The shadows started to caress him, barely-substantial hands whispering softly over his flanks, grasping his hips, tangling in his bright hair. The shadows clotted, seemed to gain more solidity as they stroked Hux’s sunken belly, raked just a little roughly through the wiry tangle of his pubic hair, cupped and squeezed his cock and balls gently. “Always,” Hux replied in a long, shuddering sigh as the shadows explored every inch of his body. He arched his back as a broad, firm tendril brushed against the fine hairs on the insides of his thighs and probed gently at the soft, wrinkled skin of his scrotum, against his perineum before it wriggled up his arse and began to fill him up, stretch him gently with soft undulations. Ren grinned briefly at Hux’s sudden gasp of pleasure and surprise, barked a sharp laugh as Hux’s cock rose in response as though tugged on a string. Hux reached up as Ren knelt beside him, ran slender fingers over the point of his hip as Ren dipped a finger in the blood and began methodically to anoint Hux with it. He left a bloody smear over each eyelid, across each cheekbone, daubed Hux’s lower lip with a smudge of red that left him looking rouged, almost, in the candlelight. Hux’s breath rushed hotly against his fingers as he let out a moan against Ren’s fingertips, shuddered again in response to one of the shadows brushing lightly across his chest to catch against a nipple. Hux looked debauched, his eyes almost shut, his lips parted slightly, and Ren was suddenly, incongruously reminded of Ben Solo’s first fox hunt in Essex, his father drawing a bloodied handkerchief across his face. Ben had felt sorry for the fox as the hounds followed its scent-trail, baying all the while, and he had let his gray mare slow to a walk and trail behind the other hunters in fierce pursuit. Ben Solo’s presence, or lack of it, had made no difference for the fox, which had eventually fallen, overtaken by the beagle-dogs, and was torn to pieces. Kylo Ren could only hope that he could make a difference for his fox-haired lover, who lay now completely at his mercy. Ren dipped his fingers into the tumbler again and drew a curved, curled symbol over Hux’s heart, matched it with one smudged onto his own sternum. That done, Ren put the glass tumbler down in the ritual circle, far enough away that they would not knock it over in their exertions, and then lay down to join Hux on top of the folded blanket. “I love you,” Ren whispered as he rested his weight on his elbows, reached out with a shadow to pull Hux’s blood-smeared face closer to him. They kissed, slowly, taking their time, and Ren sucked hard at Hux’s coppery lips, welcomed his velvety tongue, explored the slick warmth of his mouth. All the while he focused his concentration on a set of senses Hux did not possess - a sort of internal, instinctual knowing that registered the tattered boundaries of Hux’s diminished soul, and of the magick zinging like lightning along the carefully drawn diagram in the center of the circle. “Is something wrong?” Hux asked him after they had parted briefly to catch their breath, the both of them now lying on their sides. “No,” Ren murmured against the side of Hux’s neck, caught his hair lightly with his flesh-and-bone fingers to pull him into another kiss, and another, each touch burning sweetly somewhere beneath his heart, in the very core of his being. “You’re not -” Hux did not manage to finish the sentence, only gasped again as Ren worked the shadowy tendril further into him, letting it disperse insubstantial deep within his belly to sink into his soul, where it tugged gently at the pleasure that shot bright and hot through the fibers of his nerves. “I have a lot on my mind,” Ren laughed briefly, slightly embarrassed and frustrated at his own slowness to rouse. It wasn’t as though he did not desire his lover, but he did have a lot to concentrate on at the present time. “Let me help,” Hux whispered, the command and authority in his voice sending a thrum of excitement singing down Ren’s spine. His recalcitrant cock twitched as Hux pushed him onto his back, and he shut his eyes and let the shadows work for him as he took a tiny, careful taste of his lover’s soul. Bony fingers grasped his hips and the shaft of his cock, and then Hux’s mouth was hot and slick with spit, encompassing him. Ren gasped, groaned, and it took most of his considerable strength of will to keep guiding the flow of magick, to keep the essence of Hux’s being tethered to him. Hux licked a broad stripe up the underside of his stiffening cock, warm velvet against sensitive flesh, and Ren closed his own hands on the blanket folded in the middle of the circle, gripped the fabric tightly as Hux’s head began to bob in slow, maddening movements. A hint of instinctive fear bloomed low in his belly as Hux scratched gently at the shaft of his cock with his teeth, and then his own arousal was electric, almost painful as he began to thrust up mindlessly, falling into the rhythm that Hux set with each aching mouthful. Ren’s spine seemed to light up, and it was as though he had hooked himself up to some kind of battery. He felt his mind expanding to encompass not just the ritual circle, but the drawing room itself, and the spaces around and beyond it. Ren felt something batting uselessly against the boundaries of the warding circle as a kind of sexual energy rose up his spine. The energy spread, cool silver against his heated brain to surge pure and lambent out the crown of his head where his fontanelle used to be, through the very seat of his consciousness. Oh, he thought, as the sensation transfigured him, perhaps that charlatan Crowley does know what he’s talking about. Ren felt very strong and light, powerful, invincible, and he let go of the blanket in that moment to catch Hux by the hair and tug him upwards. Hux shuddered and squirmed against him breathlessly as they lay briefly face-to-face, the errant shadows still teasing and caressing every square inch of his skin, sinking beneath nerve endings and blood vessels to find something more and less tangible below. “Ren,” he moaned softly between gasps, his pale face flushed under the rusty smears of blood. “I want to be in you,” Ren purred into Hux’s ear, nibbled briefly at his earlobe as he sent another tendril of shadow sliding sweetly, easily up his arse, the both of them wriggling against each other as they stretched him just a little bit wider. Hux gasped again, a sudden sharp intake of breath, and whimpered against Ren’s chest. His pale fingers dug into Ren’s shoulders, tangled into his hair and pulled gently. “I think I can almost taste you, you’re so deep,” sighed Hux in between soft moans of pleasure. “Am I hurting you?” Ren asked him. He rolled Hux carefully onto his back, cradled his head with a nest of shadows before lowering it back onto the blanket. “No. You feel so -” Hux whimpered again as Ren let the shadows squirm further in, deep in the blood heat of his belly. “- good.” “Do you think you can take me, this time?” Ren knelt between Hux’s knees and rose up, reached down to take Hux’s cock in his right hand. He began to stroke slowly, firmly as Hux bit down on his own lip and arched his back into the movement. “I -” Hux tried to say, bit down on a cry of frustration as Ren let go of him to pin his wrists to the floor, “I want to. I want to try.” Ren let one of his shadows go, commanded it to search the pockets of his coat lying on the floor for the article it required, and it returned swiftly with a small bottle of oil, the glass cool against Ren’s heated fingers. He removed the stopper and anointed his cock with the oil, closed his eyes briefly at the sensation as he ran his slick hand slowly down its length. Hux sucked in a long breath as Ren let the shadows slide out of him, shivered briefly as Ren ran his greased fingers up the cleft of his arse, probing gently at the hot coral gape of his arsehole. He bit back a moan when Ren pushed two of his fingers upwards in a movement that was rougher than strictly necessary, and then keened softly in assent as Ren found the sensitive bump of his prostate and began to massage it gently. Ren could feel every one of his appetites aching within him, lust and hunger intermingled until he wasn’t sure whether he wanted to fuck Hux, or eat him, or both. Careful, he thought as he pulled his hand back, slid a third finger into Hux’s willing arse, you don’t want to eat him whole. Hux squirmed around him in delight as he worked the oil deeper, and then he was drawing his knees up towards his chest to give Ren better access as Ren shuffled closer to him. “Tell me if I’m hurting you,” Ren whispered as he took hold of Hux’s ankles, propped his legs up against his chest before he reached down to grasp at Hux’s bony hips and tilt them up to expose him yet further. Hux closed his fingers on the blanket beneath him as Ren thrust shallowly into him, a brief, experimental movement, and then he let out a hoarse, incoherent sound as Ren rocked his hips forward. Ren could feel his own puissance leaking into Hux through the intimate contact, through the slick velvety friction of his own cock sliding further up Hux’s arse. Ren felt the thrum of Hux’s own pleasure through the soul link, that deep sweet ache reverberating through the both of them as they fell into rhythm with each other. It was as though they were two strings on a violin played with the same bow, resonating, and Ren had to remind himself to keep channeling the magick, to let it flow into Hux though his soul. “Kylo,” Hux whispered then, his voice charged with want and need and an awful awareness. Ren had been honest with him about the workings of the ritual - that he would have to die, to relinquish his soul so that the mending would begin, but it seemed that he had only begun to grasp his mortality in this moment. “I won’t hurt you,” Ren told him, between thrusts, “It won’t be long.” “I know,” Hux gasped, shuddered as Ren began to drink his soul. Ren paced himself carefully, feeling his belly warm and fill slowly as he fucked Hux with a hard, punishing pace, his hips slapping against the shallow curve of Hux’s arse. It felt as though he could go on forever, so charged with magick and desire was he. The shadows had now pushed through Hux’s sweet skin to find the nerves beneath, to seize his heart and sense its wild tremors against his chest, and their filmy gray translucence was now shot through with a deep crimson as Hux’s vitality bled out of him into their essence. Slowly, bit by bit, Hux’s soul slipped out of him to mingle with Ren’s. Hux reached out weakly to take Ren’s left hand, squeezed it briefly as the strength started to leave him. Ren could feel it within him - arousal and frustration and dazzling, overwhelming pleasure, the body’s last desperate surge towards life as death encroached upon him to lurk, waiting its turn. Hux came with a long whimper in a sudden gout of white heat, his soul surging into Ren’s with an outward burst of mindless pleasure. Ren groaned as Hux tensed up against him, shuddered himself as he felt his own soul fill and distend. He enveloped Hux’s being in his own, held it close within the coils of his mind. It hurt. His soul ached as bits of him stretched, drifted on a magnetic pull and then tore away to seek their points of origin in Hux’s consciousness. It would be so easy for Ren to just let Hux go - let the entirety of him melt away into his soul like snow in the sun, but Ren gritted his teeth against the instinct. He felt the energy surging through him fade through his diminishing self and pour into the void where Hux’s soul had been, to suffuse the shell of his body and keep him alive in the absence of his soul. Ren bit down on his own lip hard enough to draw blood as he rode the wave of his own pleasure and pain, pacing himself carefully as he thrust up and up into the smooth silken heat of Hux’s arse. Hux lay limp, unseeing, but his heart beat under Ren’s umbral touch, his nerves fired, and his chest heaved still in rhythm with Ren’s. They were synchronized as one being, Hux’s breathing quickening with Ren’s as their souls mingled but remained separate as a layer of oil on water. Just a little longer, Ren told himself as the ache in his chest turned into a sharp twinge of pain. Tears ran down his face to drip down his chin as he felt himself lessen and Hux become whole. Hux’s soul was now hard and bright and shining like a sun-warmed stone, and it suddenly felt very dense and heavy in the pit of Ren’s belly. Come on, he told himself, trying to muster the strength to feed Hux’s soul back to him - I haven’t come this far to fail. But he was weary and in pain, his reserves of energy almost gone, and he shut his eyes against the ritual circle and the weight of Hux’s soul. “Please,” Ren begged aloud, not knowing who it was he spoke to. “Please.” Ren’s voice broke hoarsely as he shuddered and then went very still, his nerves alight with sweet pain and exquisite pleasure as he spilled himself into Hux. It was as though he were bleeding internally, Ren thought briefly as something deep within him pulsed hotly, answering the spasms of bliss as he came. Ren’s soul unclenched, shivering, and he felt Hux’s newly dense soul flow out of him to seek its rightful home, pushed outwards on waves of orgasmic heat. And then it was over. Ren almost fell on top of Hux - as it was he managed only to catch himself on his hands, and then his elbows buckled and he let himself fall to the side, his chest rising and falling with each desperate gulp of air. He let his grip on Hux’s soul slacken as it bound itself back to its housing of flesh and bone and silvery nerves. “Iä, Shub-Niggurath,” Ren gasped weakly as breath returned slowly to him. The candles had gone out at the conclusion of the ritual, but his inner eye was dazzled still, dots swarming red and black behind his eyelids. His teeth felt loose in his head, and he did not know why. Ren reached out and placed his right hand on Hux’s chest, felt its slow rise and fall. Hux’s pulse was now slow, even, strong. Ren feared still, however, remembered his grandmother’s warning. One can feed the caterpillar, and attempt to discern what emerges from the chrysalis, but even so one cannot change the color of a butterfly’s wings. He did not yet know if this Hux, this healed, renewed Hux would remember him, or love him even if he did. He shut his eyes wretchedly and fought a weak sob, and then another as he lay on his side. There was a rustle beside him as Hux stirred, shifted slightly, and then there was a whisper of cloth on his skin. Ren opened his eyes to find that Hux had drawn one of the blankets over him, and he looked hopefully in his lover’s face for a sign of recognition. “Allan?” Ren asked, slowly, the word coming out raspy and paper-thin. “Hello, my love,” Hux murmured. Shadows drifted across his eyes, eclipsing the blue of his irises, and then he smiled, indulgent, beatific, inhuman. “Love,” Ren whispered wearily, exhausted and relieved. He closed his eyes again and felt Hux’s mouth brush lightly against his temple. “Yes,” said Hux. “Love.” Chapter 8 : Epilogue Summary: This is the end, and a new beginning. How does Hux greet his changed destiny? Entry from the personal diary of James Allan Hux, portions translated from Italian by Professor Poe Dameron, Philologist, Miskatonic University Veggio nel tuo bel viso, signor mio, quel che narrar mal puossi in questa vita: l’anima, della carne ancor vestita, con esso è già più volte ascesa a Dio. E se ’l vulgo malvagio, isciocco e rio, di quel che sente, altrui segna e addita, non è l’intensa voglia men gradita, l’amor, la fede e l’onesto desio. A quel pietoso fonte, onde siàn tutti, s’assembra ogni beltà che qua si vede più c’altra cosa alle persone accorte; né altro saggio abbiàn né altri frutti del cielo in terra; e chi v’ama con fede trascende a Dio e fa dolce la morte. Search not for James Allan Hux, for he is no more. Mourn him not, for death is but a sweet release from mortal toil. Investigator’s Note: This is the last entry in Hux’s private diary, and also the only entry not in his hand. Comparisons with samples of Kylo Ren’s handwriting show no resemblance whatsoever. The poem in this entry was originally written by Michelangelo, and I furnish a humble translation below. From thy fair face I learn, O my loved lord, That which no mortal tongue can rightly say; The soul imprisoned in her house of clay, Holpen by thee to God hath often soared: And tho’ the vulgar, vain, malignant horde Attribute what their grosser wills obey, Yet shall this fervent homage that I pay, This love, this faith, pure joys for us afford. Lo, all the lovely things we find on earth, Resemble for the soul that rightly sees, That source of bliss divine which gave us birth: Nor have we first fruits or remembrances Of heaven elsewhere. Thus, loving loyally, I rise to God and make death sweet by thee -P.D Vulnerant omnes, ultima necat - W.A Indeed. - P.D --- Ren watched as Hux leafed idly through the pages of his own diary, his expression somewhere between a sad knowing and slight amusement. Hux squinted at the pages and blinked the occasional tear away - a tear of relative irritation instead of sorrow. The weak insipid light leaking through the curtains had begun to irritate his newly sensitive eyes. His gaze was still compelling and pale, but a faint black line now ringed his irises, a harbinger of more changes yet to come. “Was I really so pretentious a man?” he asked idly, marking a page with his left index finger as he looked up from the page to glance at Ren, who lay comfortably half-awake in his bed. He had slept the night away, and most of the morning as well, but then the ritual he had performed last evening had left him feeling drained and peaked. He had, after all, relinquished half his soul, which resided now in Hux. “I liked the poetry,” Ren said with a soft chuckle as he rolled over on his side to face Hux in his chair at the small writing-desk. He was so pale now, his pallor now less corpselike than otherworldly, but a faint warmth lingered still in his coloration, in the soft pink of his lips. His blood had not yet turned black, after all. “Besides, I considered it a sign of erudition, not mere pretension. You did know your Plutarch, after all.” “The Ship of Theseus. Rather a topical riddle to consider. Am I still James Allan Hux?” he asked, thoughtfully. He ran a careful finger over his lips as he considered the paradox, and the faintest shadows began to drift across his eyes, cloudlike and ominous as though presaging rain. Ren paused for a moment. “You are whoever you want to be, I think. I wanted to become someone other than Benjamin Bail Solo, so I became Kylo Ren. I don’t think you have to choose right now, if that’s what you mean by asking.” “It is just that -” Hux stopped and put his diary down on the desk, rose from his chair to take the few steps required to join Ren in his bed. “Much of a man is made up of his experiences and memories. They shape his thoughts and reactions, his character. I remember so little now. My name, I suppose. Most of my schooling, the tongues I speak. I remember meeting you, here. I remember chasing you across France. I remember Ben Solo’s mother, in my office on that March afternoon.” Hux sat heavily on the edge of the bed, sighed softly as he sagged just a little. Ren could not see his face, but he did not need to. He could read Hux’s confusion and anxiety in the bow of his shoulders, the tension in his arms, which suggested that his hands were clasped in his lap, fingers intertwined nervously. Ren reached up to stroke Hux’s back gently through his shirt and waistcoat, let his fingers run lightly and soothingly over the knot of tension in the middle of his spine. They remained thus in a tense silence, until Hux straightened up from his slouch and turned to glance, conflicted, at Ren. “I can’t remember who Lizbet is, or why she’s supposed to be important to me. I don’t know the color of Thomas’ eyes. I don’t remember how his voice sounded in my ears, or the words he spoke to me when we made love. I don’t even know why I loved him, or vice versa. In the absence of memory what is left of one’s character?” Hux had not feared his death, had welcomed Ren’s depredations without a hint of doubt or hesitation, and the rising anguish now in his voice tore at Ren’s heart. Ren remembered the pain in his chest from the ritual, wondered if this was a recurrence and if he was now marked in some spiritual way. Ren sensed deep within, a feeling more of instinct than of knowing, that Hux was wounded identically, and that the soul-mending was not seamless, not enough to make him entirely whole. This hurt was another part of the promise, then, another thing that bound them eternally together. How to assuage this pain, then? Ren thought of the dreams he had swallowed hotly down his throat, summoned them vividly to mind. “I know some of your memories, you know,” Ren said as he rolled over to give Hux room, “I devoured them, and they have become part of my soul, which I then fed back to you. You are not quite tabula rasa.” Hux smiled, but the expression was genuinely sad now, without the anger or amusement Ren had read before. “You know me better than I know myself.” “All the better to love you.” Ren seized a handful of Hux’s soft red-gold hair and pulled him in for a long, slow kiss, one that Hux reciprocated with a tender nibble of his own. They settled down together, the buttons of Hux’s waistcoat cold against Ren’s bare back, and he felt a cold whisper of breath tickling the back of his head. “Could you please tell me what I was like?” Hux murmured, softly. He pressed his cool brow against the back of Ren’s head, to bury his face in Ren’s dark curls. “Always.” Ren closed his eyes and summoned Hux’s dreams and memories, arranged them in some semblance of order as he began to talk. “You are brave and loyal and intelligent, astute. You troubled no one with your sorrows, but instead helped them bear their burdens. You loved a man named Thomas. He was your best friend.” Ren felt Hux stiffen slightly against him. “Yes,” he whispered against the nape of Ren’s neck, “I think I remember some of it.” “You went to Oxford together. I remember a dream you had about him: his eyes were the green of a warm ocean, his hair a sandy blond that would never lie neatly despite his best efforts. You were walking together after a rain, with the clay sucking at your boots.” “Yes,” Hux whispered again, more fervently. “Tell me more.” “That was the first time you kissed, your back against an oak tree with water dripping still through its boughs. That’s all you knew - the drip and coolness of rainwater and the heat and hunger of his mouth. You had your eyes closed…” --- Excerpt from the published findings of the judicial inquiry concerning the disappearance and possible death of James Allan Hux, Esq. … it is fairly obvious from recovered evidence that Benjamin Solo held some very strong delusions that he was able to perform magic in the form of spells and rituals. Moreover, he had indeed murdered his father in front of witnesses, and has also been linked to the murder of M. Lor San Tekka in Paris, France. James Allan Hux was a brave man, confronting Ben Solo in all his madness, and also a loyal man, as he did not waver in the execution of his duty to Mrs. H. Solo. However, this bravery and loyalty exposed him to grave peril at the hands of his quarry. If we are to take our findings from Hux’s own case notes and personal diary, and compare them to the ravings jotted down in Ben Solo’s journal, it is a reasonably straightforward task to apply the requisite amount of scepticism and infer Hux’s ultimate fate. He was no doubt rendered ill by accidental or intentional poisoning in the form of Ben Solo’s experiments in alchemy, and then no doubt helped along to his death by his companion’s supposed “sorcery”. That they both vanished from the S.S Polaris while she was en route from Yokohama to Shanghai without leaving remains behind can mean only one thing - that he was lost overboard either ante or post mortem, with the latter case being rather more likely. That, however, lacks supporting evidence for a verdict of murder or manslaughter, and therefore we, the investigators, recommend an open verdict in the case of the disappearance of James Allan Hux, Esq. --- Hux put his pen down and waited for the ink to dry on the last entry in the diary. His diary. Penning that last entry had felt vaguely intrusive, as though he had been vandalizing a dead man’s belongings. He reached into his coat pocket and pulled out a small leather-bound volume, a hand-bound collection of Tennyson, and laid it down on the desk next to the diary. Its first page had been inscribed From Thomas to Allan, and a round, scorched hole had punched through the volume, leaving only the back cover and the last few pages intact. In Memoriam had been the only poem in that volume to survive the vicissitudes of the Great War, of service in the trenches of Ypres. Hux was suddenly very glad that he did not retain those memories firsthand. It was easier to see them filtered through Ren’s perceptions, far less painful to watch the person he had once been from an outside perspective as he fought and killed and suffered in the churned up soup of mud and chum that had once been farms and forests. It was also rather peculiar how little it hurt to part with that book. It had been the last thing Thomas had given him before his death in Italy, and would have been very precious to him a lifetime ago. But now it only felt like a cheap souvenir from an unmemorable holiday, like a stick of Brighton rock or somesuch left to melt in the bottom of a pocket. Behind him, Kylo Ren finished locking up his travel trunk. “Are you ready?” His rich voice stirred a brief flutter in Hux’s belly. It reminded him of pleasure and pain, longing and sweet release. And also of the hunger that gnawed constantly within, a hunger that Kylo would teach him to master. “Always.” Hux turned away from his diary, from that little volume of Tennyson and picked up his own satchel. He watched as Ren reached within a coat pocket and retrieved his journal, laid it down beside Hux’s diary on the table top. “You’re not taking that with you?” Hux asked him, surprised. “I believe I owe this world an explanation,” Ren said, his expression suddenly lost and sad, and Hux reached out for his hand and leaned into him, feeling suddenly wretched and empty. “You loved Allan,” he whispered into Ren’s ear, “but I don’t think I am Allan any more. What am I?” Ren’s arms closed around him tightly, and Hux let his head rest against the breadth of Ren’s shoulder. “You are mine,” Ren murmured soothingly, “Heart of my heart, the other half of my soul. Remember the principle of contagion.” “What is together remains together,” Hux quoted, “What is apart remains apart.” “Exactly. Now come,” Ren let go of him to pick up his travel trunk again. “Grandmother is waiting for us.” “I hope she will like me,” Hux said, suddenly nervous. It was perfectly natural, was it not? How did one address the spirit of an ageless sorceress, anyway? There were no rules of etiquette for such an encounter. “I’m sure she does,” Ren grinned at him briefly. The scar on his face rippled with the movement of his muscles, and then parted in a long, slow blink. Yellow-pupiled eyes gazed briefly through the long, open slit, and then it writhed shut again. “She told me that I had to save you, after all.” Hux blinked coolly, feeling absently within him for fear or disgust at Ren’s unnatural nature, found none. This was his own destiny now, and there was no backing into the future. They went into the drawing-room, where Ren had scribed a fresh new circle into the polished wood of the floor. This circle was drawn in a mixture of wood-ash and oil and surrounded by the points of a compass rose. Ren’s small silver key sat in its very center, gleaming dully in the dark. Hux stepped into the circle and put his belongings down at his feet, waited for Ren to do so. And then they were standing face to face, Ren’s broad hands gripping his shoulders firmly as he held on to Ren’s lean waist. Ren started to chant in a low, sonorous language that Hux somehow understood. To Yog-Sohoth, the Opener of the Gate… --- From a telegram written by Mrs. Elizabeth Madox, sent from London, England, to her husband in Singapore. Wednesday, October 15th, 1924. DEAR JONATHAN IT’S A BOY HIS NAME IS ALLAN --- Ren felt the aether shift and ripple around him, and he tightened his grip on Hux’s shoulders as light left them. They stood in non-space for a brief, dizzying moment in the absence of light and air and sound, with touch as his only functioning sense. For a giddy moment he hoped desperately that he had drawn the runes correctly. A miscalculation on his part could maroon them anywhere in the cosmos, even with Grandmother Padmé’s silver key for guidance. Hux squeezed his waist gently, and they leaned into each other as reality tore and reformed itself around them. And then there it was, the gentle tinkling of water and the fragrance of violets, light and flirty in the air, the soft scrape of hooves on the floor. Ren opened his eyes slowly to the marble floor of his grandmother’s working-room, to the priceless circle of gold and gems inlaid into it, and a fickle breeze drifted into the room through the open casements. “You can open your eyes now,” Ren murmured to Hux as he let go of his shoulders, “we’re here.” Hux lifted his head and studied the room around him, his gaze settling on the slender dark-haired woman clad in amethyst silk, her head crowned with violets. Padmé stood just outside the summoning circle, and she opened her arms to Hux in a warm, motherly gesture. Hux paused, uncertain, before his hands left Ren’s waist and reached out to hers as he accepted her embrace. “Welcome to Leng,” Padmé said, her voice sweet and soft, “welcome to your true home.” Series this work belongs to: Part 1 of the By A Death Star Dreaming series Next Work →