one It’s night, but the stars here are different. Leia waits until she’s alone to grieve—she waits, until her walls have broken down, salt-water against a bulwark so strong, it feels like it’s been there forever. Stone and steel, a scaffolding in her spine that keeps her from wilting, from breaking. How many days have passed since it happened? How many days? Quietly, she curses, that she cannot count them. There should be a mark on her skin, she thinks. A stain, a scar, something tangible to mark the cataclysm. Instead, Leia draws the inside of her sleeve up, and stares down at her bare, pale skin. The blood of queens is blue-green, red pulsing beneath. The last of a line that was never truly her own. It was written on her, not within her. Does it matter, now? Given what she’s lost, does it matter at all? She waits, until she’s comforted the bright-eyed, backwater boy, even until she’s put the other one (the tall, annoying, intensely aggravating one) out of her mind. As far enough, anyway, as one can be while still forced to share quarters. It takes more effort than she expects, and she wonders, at first, why she can’t grieve for what she’s lost. Why she can’t see beyond that hollow, dark star in her chest. It’s drawing all her tears, all her feelings in, and in, and in. And there’s no escape. When it happens—when the tears come—they shock her with their spilling warmth. The ship is cold; space itself is cold, and heartless, and unfeeling. Not cruel, merely ambivalent. The stars cannot see her crying; if they could, the stars wouldn’t care, anyway. She’d expected her tears to be cold, too. But they are hot, and they are bitter. Salt from a vaporized sea. Her hand is pressed against the small, dusty window of the most precarious bucket of bolts that’s ever made lightspeed, and somehow, with no-one here to joke about it, the words won’t come. She seems to be giving more heat than she receives, but it’s been that way for longer than she can remember. She’s the strong one. She’ll survive. Even when no-one else will, even when her world rests in ruins. She’ll be the one to claw her way out of the wreck, to live and to breathe, and to defy, and to continue onwards, propelled by some strange momentum that she’s never truly understood. As always, that whispered strangeness lies just beyond the reach of her fingertips. It’s somewhere else, she thinks; somewhere out beyond the stars. It retreats just as she advances. And so she relents, and lets out all that she’s been trying to contain. In an instant, Leia feels not nineteen but ninety. Burdened, weary. Weighed down with the guilt of a thousand innocent lives. Will anyone remember how to make those little honey-cakes? Those small round dumplings, a divot pressed in the middle of the dough right before they were fried up, golden-crisp. Why is it that these little memories stick in her mind? Leia wipes away the wetness on her face, tasting salt where her mind aches for sweetness. Will anyone remember? Will distant voices sing the lullabies, tell the stories that once comforted children in their beds? Was it night time, for her parents, when it happened? And does it matter if they were asleep, or if they were walking in the street, or if they were embracing, or making love, or if they were arguing, or waiting for a transport, or doing some mundane thing? Does it matter? Leia knows, in her heart, that it does. All of them—their lives, their sorrows, their deaths, it all holdsmeaning. Her people will not be forgotten. She pulls her hand back from the window, and stares out at the stars. The tears, eventually, dry. And then she turns, and she gets to work. two He finds her, somehow, out in the cover of the trees. She’s wandered away from the celebrations, far enough that the revels are distant and muffled. The shattered sunburst shines overhead, a light brighter than the moon. Leia thinks of the folktale, an echo of a memory from long ago. He was a trickster who feigned death, who went inside of himself, died, and was reborn every thousand years. She watches as the glowing shards spread out from horizon to horizon, and wonders, will it even take a thousand years for this to return? The Death Star had been destroyed once before, and it returned. How long of a peace—if any—will this destruction bring them? Already the twisted metal has turned within, the hatred sustained, renewed, rebirthed into terrible purpose. Will this victory be true, or will it, too, be hollow? She doesn’t know. “I can hear you thinking from over here.” Han says, hands easy on his waist, posture relaxed, casual. Even though she can tell, from his voice, that he’s feeling anything but. He steps closer to her, twigs cracking underfoot, and Leia turns to face him, gives him a sad half-smile. “Sorry to bother you, then.” But there’s no venom in her words. He stays, and watches her, a considering, strangely enigmatic look on his face. Leia’s not even sure what it is she feels now. It’s disconcerting to be standing so still, with nothing to do, nothing to plan, nothing to manage. Even more so to be where she is, alone in a forest with this man. Her hair, down and loose, feels hot and sticky on her neck. Han smiles, and steps closer. She can feel him, sense him with that strange other-sense. The Force. It has been with her, beside her, within her, all this time, and now, knowing what she knows of its provenance, Leia wants nothing at all to do with it. This, she knows, is no gift. “You’re not bothering me,” he says. “Am I… do you want me to go? I can—” “I don’t want you to go.” She takes a step closer to him. Then another. And she hates him, really—as much as anyone so in love can hate the person who has their heart. Someone unused to such captivities will always rail against them, even as they warm to a lover’s touch. Lovers—is that what they are? I like nice men— He makes her so… angry. Everything about him is without restraint, without thought of consequence. He lies and cheats and charms and he touches her like he doesn’t know, doesn’t care, about the white-hot trail of desire he leaves in his wake. She hates him. She hates the way he smiles when she bares her feral heart to him. She wishes he would just leave, and make things simpler. Less messy. Less complicated. “So what happens next?” Han takes a step closer, his warmth palpable even though he’s still not touching her. Leia really ought to send him away, but she doesn’t. Because she knows Han isn’t talking about the war. Because she’s still reeling from Luke’s revelation. The truth of their shared bloodline, the inheritance she never asked to own. An empire has fallen tonight, but so, too, has the last, hollow shell of her identity. She really should send him away, and pretend that kiss didn’t happen. But there’s a light in his eyes, a light that’s been there since she placed her hand against his cheek, turned him to face her and claimed the kiss that had been waiting there all along. It’s a light that neither of them can ignore. “This is a bad idea,” Leia says, but Han just smiles. “Probably, yeah.” And then, it’s like the boundary between them snaps. Whatever it is that’s holding them back dissolves into the humid air. He draws her in, his gravitational pull inevitable. Hands tugging at clothes, layers suddenly maddening, fingers clumsy with need. It’s all haste, and no finesse; she growls as he pauses to tease her mouth with his tongue, damn near bites him before she realizes she can tug his shirt up and get her hands underneath. The ground is rough beneath her knees, and he’s on his back, guiding her, letting her ride him, fuck him, take whatever she wants. For the first time in their relationship (or whatever it is, this thing they have) she’s found a way to shut him up. It’s rough, and it’s desperate, and when they aren’t kissing she’s telling him what to do, and he loves it. He doesn’t ever ask her, or presume that he’s her first; even if he were, Leia would never tell him. His hands are rough and greedy, her body poised on the brink of something wonderful, something heady and terrifying, like the punch in the gut just before a hyperdrive kicks in. She starts to fall, and he’s there to catch her. Above them, the spray of molten metal flickers as it cools. Darkness envelops them, there on the forest floor. All is quiet. three In hindsight, it shouldn’t have come as a surprise. Leia knows precisely how this happened— where this happened, not to mention with whom, because there really isn’t any other option. She debates telling him. She debates telling anybody, except Luke, of course, from whom she cannot hide even so small a thing. “There’s no shame,” Luke tells her gently. “No shame, if you—” “I… if you had suggested it a year ago, I would’ve agreed with you.” They’re walking together, brother and sister, in one of the greenhouses on Yavin IV. Leia reaches out, brushes the edge of some fruit-tree’s red-gold petal. Luke looks over at her, his eyes unfathomable, sea-blue, searching. “I didn’t suggest a thing.” Leia smiles at him. “Didn’t you?” He tucks his hands in the sleeves of his robes, sighing, clearly unable to rise to her bait. Leia knows this discussion is, or rather, should be, awkward, had they been raised together, not just siblings by blood and birth. But it’s not. And likewise the notion of swiping clean the slate, returning things back the way they were, between her and Han, she can look past her initial burst of conflicting emotions and see the wisdom in it. On Alderaan, the choice would’ve been hers, and hers alone. That was the way, at least, things had always been. But she’s not on Alderaan. She’s in a greenhouse, humid and sweet with flowers, with fresh earth; Leia can feel sweat trickle down her back as she walks, her stomach already turning over as the smell turns sickly-sweet. Leia sighs, and Luke looks up at her, expectant, like he knows what she’s going to say before she even says it. Like he typically does. “I’ve been dreaming of him.” They both know she doesn’t mean Han. “He’s… I can never see the child’s face, but I know him. He’s… familiar to me, but he frightens me.” “How?” “He’s surrounded by fire.” Leia slips into the vision, giving herself over, just for the instant, to what she’s seen. “It frightens me, and I don’t know what it means. Does it mean he’s in danger?” Luke smiles at her, sadly. “Who among us isn’t, anymore?” four The pains start at mid-afternoon, and Leia feels ready—as ready as a new mother-to-be can feel, without her own to guide her. She has only the small handful of Alderaanian survivors with her, sheltered on a quiet corner of a planet which is both strange and familiar, memory born of bone-deep knowingness. Naboo. Home, but not-home. The women bring in saltwater from the sea and brown ochre to rub on the bottom of her feet, meant to ease the pain. They circle her and rub her back with oil, pressing down with the heels of their hands just on either side of her spine, down low, where the pains seem to be tearing her apart. Patience, they tell her. Patience. These things take time. You must breathe, you must not worry, you will see your child soon. Leia wants them to stop. She wants them to stop talking, stop comforting her. Stop telling her to breathe, when everything feels like fire. Leia wants to get up from the bed, march herself to a speeder, fly to Luke, come back with his saber and cut their hands off. Excessive, possibly, but considering that less than two hours into it she’s delirious from pain. Everything hurts. No—that’s not the right word for it. It’s like part of her just surrenders to the pain. Just gives up. They have access to some of the most advanced medical technology the new republic has to offer, and here she is, hands and knees, groaning, all but pleading with the Force, if it cares at all, to let this all be over. To deliver her son to her. But when he does come, it’s fast. One minute they’re telling her patience, patience, and the next, her arms are full of slippery, squalling newborn. Dark hair, scrunched-up face, howling in indignance. She doesn’t love him at first sight, because love is such a small word, such a minuscule emotion to be feeling at a time like this. She is astonished by him. His limbs are pink, and perfect. His skin, pink like the blossoms of the tree, that day so long ago, is covered with white that she rubs in as she pats with shaking hands against his fragile little back. She can feel the movement of his ribs, his spine, his muscles, all perfection, rendered in delicate miniature. Leia clutches him to her chest as the women surround her. The air is sweet with the sound of his cries. Strong, almost indignant. He does not settle against her, but watches, when they help her up, clean her, bring them over to the bed to rest together. His feet are flat, toes curled, legs drawn up to mirror the pose he’s held inside of her for all these months. His eyes, when they open, are dark, dark like ink. five Her son is gone. Leia feels the rippling shockwave of death through the Force. She’s sitting in council, a meeting followed by another meeting, followed by another, and suddenly her heart feels like it’s being crushed, and the visions overwhelm her no matter how she tries to stop them. “Ben…” She calls out to him, but whether her mouth makes the sound, or whether she merely thinks his name, she is too far gone to notice or care. The Force takes hold over her in that instant, enfolds her in the slipstream consciousness and the vision unfolds like a careless roll of paper, careening down a hill. Leia cannot stop it. She feels it. She feels everything, from the way his hands twist in their leather grip, to the last terrified breaths of the ones he cuts down. Leia bends double, pains clutching at her body like the pains she felt so long ago, when he first entered the world. Birth and death. Surrender, and pain, and inevitability. She reaches for him, and he shuts her out. But not before she feels it, the truth of him, lying deep in the soil of his mind, so deep that even he has forgotten it. “Ben!” Leia calls to him again, but the connection has been severed. And she is left with her heart alone, a raw and bloody thing, the sustaining organ now no longer of use to her son. Her son. Leia sees the red, scalding fire that surrounds him, and she finally understands. zero The moment it happens, it’s like the world stops. It’s like the moment before a breath, but the breath never comes. Anticipation, then realization, then understanding. She sits down, catches her breath, even as the rest of the resistance base is humming with frantic energy. Her son’s rage, blinding-white and as uncontrollable as a dying star. Her husband’s last gasp, the shock, the grief, the regret. She feels it all. And the stars, if they could see her, do not notice, and do not care. Notes: Title of the work is taken from Peter Gabriel's 'Here Comes the Flood.' It's a song that's always resonated with me, and it helped me connect all of these little vignettes.