Prologue It had all started with a letter on her desk. Having her own office, it was quite common for letters and papers to suddenly appear on the wood surface. Though, they were often dropped off by various low ranking officers or droids. This one was different however. It looked as if the papers on her desk had been cleared away, so that the letter was in the exact middle of them. She sighed as she picked the piece of paper up to see if there was any information on the envelope. There wasn't. She sat down and slowly opened it and pulled the piece from its cover. She immediately looked to the bottom for any signature. Of course there was one, and of course it was from one of the two people she loathed to hear from. At the bottom of the paper, in big, beautiful calligraphy, was the signature of General Brendol Hux. "Son of a Bitch, what does he want now." She mumbled to herself as she began to read the letter. It was not what she thought it was, was it. Was it seriously an apology from those two assholes? Do they really think that apologizing, after a year of depression and heartaches, and after she had finally found someone else, that they could do something like this? The letter had basically held an apology and a place for the three of them to meet. (Y/N) scoffed and threw the letter into the trash bin by her desk, and proceeded with her work. About an hour later, Dopheld, her new lover, had come in to her office to visit. "Hey Dop." She got up form her seat and rushed over to wrap her arms around his neck. He easily caught her and spun her around, giving her a chaste kiss when he set her back down. "Hey (Y/N)." He said with a goofy smile. "What brings you here lieutenant." She threw out playfully. "What, I can't see my favorite head doctor?" She giggled and kissed him again. "Well, I'm free for another hour, anything you want to do, Dop?" She said suggestively. "Well..." He tapped his finger on his chin. ------ At the end of the day, she was so relieved to finally go back to her quarters. She was thinking about how she was basically pass out once she entered as she put in the code. The door opened to two men, staring straight at her. She screamed. "What the hell are you two doing in here?! get out!" She commanded "You didn't come." Ren replied sadly. "No shit it didn't come, you really think a letter is going to fix it all?" Hux opened his mouth, as if to say something, but then closed it. "You two broke my fucking heart, and now that I've finally, finally moved on, you want me back? It doesn't work like that. Now, if you'll excuse me gentlemen, I'm going to go find the only person who actually cares about me on this goddamn ship ." "He's already been taken cared of." Ren spit out. "You didn't." "He took what's ours!" "You- you killed him. You monsters!" She screamed. She ran out of the room ,tears now falling down her face, as Hux and Kylo ran after her. Corridor after corridor she turned, trying to lose them. Why the fuck would they do that? Killing a man, just because he has the girl you now want back? They were getting smaller and smaller as she gained more lead way in between them and herself. When she had lost them, she quickly found a supply closet. She quickly closed herself in, and since she couldn't find some sort of lock, barracked the door with some boxes. She sat down in the far corner of the small room, and began to sob. What the fuck had she done to deserve this? She was finally happy, with a stable relationship with someone whom she knew actually loved her, and then those two came back into the picture. Last time she checked, she was only an "object of their lust", in the words of Hux. She hit the wall, letting out some of her anger that went along with her grief. There was a knock on the door. "(Y/N)?" Came an accented voice. She knew it was the general had found her. She stopped making any sound, hoping that he would just go away. The door knob jiggled and opened, knocking into the barrack she had set up. "(Y/N)?" A weird sounding scoff, "Take these things down, let me in." She remained silent. He then kicked the door, opening the door enough for him to enter. "(Y/N)." He sighed as he slowly approached her. "Get (hiccup) the (hiccup) fuck away from me!" She curled in on herself more. He crouched down by her, and she scooted farther against the wall. He reached out to touch her, but she slapped his hand away, and quickly moved to get up. He, however, was more quick to catch her arm to stop her from moving. "Let go of me!" "No." She jerked her hand, trying to lose his grip, but he still held on firmly. "You. Are. Ours." He punctuated. "I'm not anyone's. I've moved on, you need to too." "No." She let out an irritated growl and jerked her hand harder, still, his grip would not relent. "You're coming with me." "No I'm not!" Her protests were ignored as he dragged her out of the closest and in the direction of his quarters. She squirmed and tried to free herself the whole journey there. Hux seemed to ignore these and calmly proceed however. When they did get to his quarters, he quickly typed in a code and the doors opened, revealing a scene (Y/N) hadn't seen in over a year. A large and sparsely furnished living room with a miserable looking Kylo Ren on one of the couches. His face immediately lit up when he saw the women enter the room. "(Y/N)?" He said coming towards her with a rare smile. She tugged her arm more, trying again to get away from the duo. Hux only pulled her farther into the room, and the door closed behind them. Kylo came closer and stood next to Hux. Fear was running through her veins, if they had killed Mitika, then would they kill her too? "We have no desire to harm you." She heard Kylo say softly. "You killed him! Why wouldn't you just kill me next!" She sobbed as she collapsed onto the ground in a heap. She faced the door, away from them, just waiting for something to happen; hopefully what she had suggested. The two sighed and opened the door, seeing that they would make no progress with her like this. She quickly got up and ran out the entranceway and down the corridor. They both looked at her as she ran. They didn't know how, but they knew that they soon would get their precious (Y/N) back. Chapter 2 : Operation: Flowers Summary: And... My guiena pig's pregnant When she did get back to her room, she all but collapsed onto her bed. She hadn't bothered to adjust herself, she just grabbed on to her pillow like a lifeline and cried for what seemed like days. She heard her alarm go off, signaling that she had only stayed up a night crying, instead of the large span of days it felt like. She was almost about to call in sick, thinking there was no way that she could function like this, but she realized that people still needed her help, and so she would be strong and face the day, hiding her internal grief. She groggily got ready for the day, barely staying awake. Luckily the medical center had a caff machine, so she could just run on caffeine until the end of the day. She took a deep breath an walked out the doors, keeping a vigilant eye for her two ex lovers. She entered her office, after waiting for the good fifteen minutes it took for the caff to brew and to wait for her other tired co workers to get their cup. She almost dropped her mug, however, when she saw the ginormous bouquet of flowers that now sat atop of her desk. "Huh?" She asked aloud to herself. She slowly, cautiously, made her way to where the vase sat, as if the blooms may have some sort of explosive buried somewhere within them. There was a note strung around the bunch of stems, one that looked quite intricate and, well, expensive looking. Guessing who it was from, and still hoping somehow Mitaka was still alive and somehow sending her flowers now, she opened the card: Our dearest (Y/N), We both sincerely apologize for the actions that took place last evening. If you wish to know, Lieutenant Dopheld Mitaka has been transferred to Inquisitor on short notice, unlike what Ren had misled you to believe yesterday. We have no intentions of hurting you, and we both wish for you to come back to us, so we may be what we once were. We understand that you may not wish to speak to us right now, and we accept the fact we did, in fact, may have said a few choice words in the past that you may have taken offense to. We both have realized our mistake by letting you go, and we assure you that we will do all that is within our power to win you back. With Dutiful Love and Sincerity, Commander Kylo Ren General Brendol Hux Well, at least Dopheld was alive, but the fact that they had blamed her for their breakup enraged her. She had half a mind to just chuck the flowers into the trash compactor,or , she realized, she could just chuck the note into the trash, but give the flowers to her a friend of her's that she had accidentally ignored for the past week or so. She was actually the one who really helped her through her break up and was always kind of there for her. She may have considered her a best friend, but something keep her from saying the words aloud. She had been busy lately, and she hadn't really had time to converse or do any thing with her. Maybe the flowers will show that she was aware of the situation, and maybe she'll get a break sometime in the near future to finally go see her friend again. She went over to her communications device and put in a request for someone to deliver something. She quickly sprawled out a note on another piece of paper and within a few minutes, a nervous looking man in First Order regalia was at her door. She quickly handed him the vase and told him the name and place of her friend and sent him on his way. With that taken care of, she plopped down on her desk chair and did some paperwork. She couldn't help the occasional glance to the letter in the bin. She was relieved that Dopheld was still alive, but the fact that they seemed to blame her for the breakup still bothered her. She sighed and shook her head, they're just a couple of assholes, she thought to herself, and she laughed. ------ It had been a long ass day, apparently Kylo had another tantrum, and at less fifteen 'troopers where sent to the med bay. Most of them had some sort of respiratory problem, and the rest had a broken limb or two. This, doubled with the fact that she hadn't slept the night prior, led to an extremely fatigued (Y/N). She almost fell asleep three times during her rounds, and actually did fall asleep for a good fifteen minutes in her office, before being awaken by one of her underlings, alerting her about the injured 'troopers. Her head hung low, almost falling asleep right there, as she trudged into her quarters. She turned on her lights to see better, only to be met with a room full of flora. She rubbed her face and groaned, she was too tired of this shit. She ignored the unwanted decorations in her rooms and quickly got ready for bed. She turned on her shower, and was about to undress when she heard her door open. She quickly darted out of her small 'fresher. There stood a lower ranking officer bringing in more vases of flowers. "Seriously?!" She yelled, startling the poor man, almost causing him to drop the glasses. "I'm-I'm sorry madam, I-I was told to deliver these to your quarters." "By who?" "The- the commander, and Ge-general Hux, y-you are Dr.(L/N), correct?" She sighed and rubbed her temples. "Yes, that's me, is that all?" The poor guy let out a nervous breathy laugh "n-no, there's about five more." (Y/N) groaned. "Well, I'm going to shower, go ahead and finish up with," she motioned towards the door, "that." She didn't want him getting killed because he didn't finish the job. "Y-yes madam." "(Y/N)" "W-what." "Just called me (Y/N)." And with that she headed back towards her 'fresher. When she did finally crawl under the pile of blankets she normally slept in, due to the freezing cold temperatures that, for some reason, the ship was kept at, something kept clawing at her in the back of her mind. Something about the grandiose amount of blooms that now sat in her living room caused her to begrudgingly get up out of bed and make her way the her main room. She knew she missed a detail, because what she didn't notice was the exact same type of paper tied around each of the bundles of flowers. "You have got to be kidding me." Chapter 3 : In Which Kylo Actually Wants Medical Attention Summary: So I finally have consistent internet access so woohoo! The next morning, (Y/N) completely ignored the vases, and continued to get ready for the day. Then, like every other day, she made her way to the med bay of the ship, and settled herself in her office, and began to fill out paper work. She was in the middle of filling some prescription pain killers for a certain officer, when one of the doctors that worked under her burst through the door, panic obvious on his face as he announced. "L-Lord Ren has been i-injured, and re-requests your m-medical at-attention immediately." She just sighed and slowly rose from her chair. She followed the flustered doctor out of the room and down a series of hallways that lead to a door that held a medical suite inside. She quickly dismissed him and opened the door, apparently waking up her ex in the progress. He let out an emphasized groan as he turned to face her, though, she knew he was faking. She had seen him with worse injuries and still run several miles, while killing several people in the process. "What do you want Kylo?" She groaned. He moaned and reached out to her. "It hurts (Y/N)" "Get out." "Pllllllease" he moaned "Out. Now." She pointed to the door. "No, please! Just please see if I have injured myself please!" He was practically on his knees begging at this point. Not wanting to be held responsible for possibly further injuring the commander, she sighed. "Get on the bed, and SHUT UP!" She pinched her nose between her fingers in annoyance. She went over to cabinets in the corner, where the scanner was. She quickly grabbed it from one of the lower drawers and made her way back to the supposedly injured knight. She scanned him quicker than she did with her usual patients, and looked at the results not even twenty seconds later. "A mild concussion and minor bruises. Get out." She said bluntly. The knight didn't move as he still laid on the medical bed, still staring at the doctor. "Ren, Get. Out." She pointed to the door. Seeing that he had no intention of moving, she sighed and began to make her way out of the room. That was, until she walked into a wall of black uniform. She was about to recoil and quickly dodge her way the hell out of there, when two hands grabbed her wrists in a firm grip and walked her back a step into the room as the door swished back into place. She struggled to get out of the general's grip, but he would not yield. "Let go of me! Bastard!" She kicked her legs, finding purchase in his abdomen, causing the the red head to let go of her hands as he grabbed that area. She stepped a few paces back, before she couldn't move. She saw Kylo get off the bed and come behind her. With a gloved thumb, he stroked her cheek and looked with a sad look, down at her. "O, how I have missed this." He whispered into her hair as he laid a chaste kiss there. "Let go of me, please." She now felt fear running through her. Kylo seemed to sense this, and tighten his grip on her, as now Hux began running his fingers through her hair as well. "No need to be afraid of us love." Kylo cooed. "She's afraid?" Hux raised a brow. He responded by rubbing his cheek onto the top of her head "It seems so." He sighed. "She's shaking Ren." He ran his hand down her arm and intertwined his with hers and raised it towards the knight to see. "So it seems." The general brought her hand to his lips and place a gentle kiss on its back, then turned it so he could kiss her palm. "S-stop." She begged Her pleas were ignored as the two men continued to leave soft caresses and kisses. "Stop. Stop!" Her eyes began to well up as she struggled to get out of their hold. The men noticed this and did, in fact, stop and both looked at her with confused looks. "What's wrong darling?" Hux asked "Really?!" She pushed out of their hold and backed up towards the door. "What the hell have I told you two assholes several times?" Tears streamed down her face"I hate you!" With that she opened the door and booked it out of the room, sobbing as she ran, leaving two bewildered men behind her. She ran all the way back to her room (not including elevators), and slammed the door shut as she got to her quarters. She made sure to lock and set a passcode for her door, and with tears still streaming down, she ran to her bedroom, hopped onto her bed, grab a pillow, and began to sob into it. She hadn't realized she had fallen asleep, until she woke up to find that several hours had passed, and it was now the night cycle. "Shit." She said to herself. She got out of bed, and went to her bathroom to clean herself up. After she had washed up, she went out to her kitchen arena to make some tea, and sat on her couch, silently wondering what she was going to do. After downing her cup of tea, and after thinking through her options, she sighed as she got up. She redressed herself and made her way down a few halls, until she made it to an office. (Y/N) stepped through the threshold and went up to a desk where a woman in uniform was typing at a screen behind a desk. She walked up to the woman and with a quiet voice asked. "Is it possible to apply for a transfer?"