The Estate He coughed as dust spores littered the room, dancing in the stuffy air lightened by the sunlight filtering in through the windows. Hux finished shaking out the old bed sheet that had covered the old, moth eaten couch in front of him. He sighed, running a hand through his hair as he looked around the old living room. With his father's recent passing, he had inherited this estate. This enormous, prestigious estate. One of four that Brendol Hux Sr. had acquired in his life. It had been vacant for years, and it showed in the dust covered floors, furniture, and surfaces, the tattered paintings and portraits that scattered the walls, and the stagnant, musty smell. Hux had spent the past week going through old pictures and papers, contemplating possible renovations, and trying to come to a consensus over what to actually do with the property. It had been paid off long ago, he even remembered it being on the market at one point, but it never sold. The area was rich in urban legends and folklore, but surely people didn't buy into that sort of thing? Especially when an opportunity to own a place such as this arose. The ginger stretched, the dust in the air making his head feel heavy. He cleared his throat, feeling around in his pocket for his cigarettes, stepping out of the overly ornate back doors and onto the back porch. The cicadas screeched in the distant trees, the air was humid and muggy, even at dusk. He lit a cigarette and took a long drag from it, leaning over the bannister and eyeing the patch of land between him and the thickly grown woods. It was slightly overgrown after he had sent the gardeners and landscapers away with him taking over charge of the estate, but now he realized just how big the plot of land really was. He took out a small notebook and pencil from his pocket and flipped through his ever expanding to-do list. "Re-hire lawn service?", he added. Hux's eyes grazed over the other items on the list, nearly groaning at how much there still was to do. He took another drag. Losing a family member was hard enough as it was, despite the fact that he and his father had been distant later in life, but cleaning up afterwards and dealing with legalities was an entirely different monster itself. Something shifted in the trees and Hux held still for a moment before closing the notebook and pocketing it again. He watched the sun set as he finished his cigarette, not looking forward to returing to the dusty living room. Perhaps he would call it an early night. There was a guestroom adjacent to the private master wing he had been sleeping in. It was the only place to lay his head where he had cleared out any cobwebs and scrubbed out any mold patches. He made sure the doors in the front and back were locked, though he didn't expect any visitors with how remote this estate was, and ascended the squeaking, wooden steps to the upstairs. Hux switched on an old, antique lamp in his room and went to his suitcase he had situated on the side of the bed. It was all he had brought with him from his London flat. With any luck, he thought as he pulled off his shirt, he could sell this house or find renters and return to England soon. He dressed down to his boxer briefs, turned off the lamp, and pulled the old comforter back, inspecting for spiders, something he had learned to do after an unfortunate disturbance his second night here. When he was sure it was clear, he stretched, trying to get comfortable, keeping only the bedsheet on him. He found sleep quickly as soon as his head hit the pillow, the stress over what still had to be done wearing him out. Hux had easily adapted to the noises in the house. It creaked and groaned, settled and squeaked, but the noise that tore him from his sleep didn't come from the house... A strange, howling snarl came from outside. He shot up in bed, realizing it wasn't from a dream when it happened again. The noise sounded pained, like a hurt animal. Hux swallowed heavily, contemplating what to do. He carefully stood up, pulling on a pair of sweats he retrieved from his bag, keeping the lights off so he could spy out of the dirty window without being discovered. It was easy to see, despite the condition of the window. Out in the overgrowing grass, there was a... creature. That was the only word Hux could think of to describe it. Some manner of half man, half beast. Hux rubbed his eyes as he saw it lumber around, surely he was hallucinating or... or still dreaming. Brushing his hair out of his eyes, he went to the closet, where he had stashed one of his late father's old hunting rifles in the midst of his cleaning. Hux made sure it was loaded and went back to the window. The thing was laying on the grass, unmoving. He wiped his sweaty forehead with the back of his hand and watched it for a few moments longer, making sure it remained lifeless. Carefully, he turned and made his way downstairs, stopping at the the back door. He held the rifle close, a trembling finger close to the trigger as he slowly unlocked the door and cracked it open, peeking out. "...you there! ...whatever you are... I'll have you know I'm armed!" Hux cursed himself silently over how feeble his voice sounded. "This is a private estate! You're not welcome here! So leave this inst-" he jumped, closing the door as the large figure stirred. The creature raised itself up on hands and knees, its breathing labored. Hux watched from one of the tall windows next to the door, gripping his rifle tightly. He felt his heart race as the beast crawled onto the back porch and he got a better view of it. Its glowing, amber eyes were almost hidden behind a mane of long, shaggy black hair. His skin was a mottled grey, limbs long, and hands and feet clawed and dangerous like an animal. Tufts of thick, black fur sprouted from his elbows, and down his spine, which extended into what look like a thick tail. When the beast spoke, his voice was weak. "...I'm-... injured... I mean you no harm.." Hux noticed a horrible looking gash on the beast's side, which was oozing blood, collecting in a small pool on the porch. After a moment of consideration, he slowly opened the door a bit again, keeping his voice even. "I'll-... I'll throw you some medical supplies... That's all I can do..." He closed the door again and hurried to the kitchen, rummaging through cupboards one handed with the gun still in the other. All he managed to find was an old, most likely outdated, first aid kit. It was good enough. Hux turned the corner back into the living room and nearly lost his footing in shock. In his hurry to send the monster off, he had forgotten to lock the back door. The beast sat on the sofa he had unearthed earlier, looking at him with those hungry eyes. Hux held his breath, finger finding the trigger again, but the creature simply held out a clawed hand from his hunched position. It took the ginger a moment to realize what he was asking for, his brain still foggy with the concept of this horrible thing sitting on the furniture in this living room he had played in as a boy, as if this was perfectly normal. The cushions he used to hide his toy soldier figures under so many years ago were now being gently shredded by the monster's resting claws. Hux felt a strange sense of sentiment and he hurried foward, pressing the first aid kit into the outstretched hand, feeling a bit braver with his irritation. "Here. Now leave, that's all I have." he looked up at the beast, defiance in his eyes. The creature almost huffed before jumping down from the couch and leaving through the open door. Hux followed and closed the door, making sure to lock it this time. He turned, resting his back against it and slowly sliding down to the floor, rifle still clasped tightly in his hands as he let out a breath he didn't even realize he had been holding. What had just happened? Surely, he argued with himself, it could have gone much worse than it did. Much worse than having a lumbering half man sitting in his house like some expected guest. He might as well have served it tea... Hux yawned, watching the dusty living room lighten with the approaching dawn. He stood, placing the rifle carefully by the front door, should he need it again before walking back up the rickety steps and to his bedroom. With any luck, he might sleep for a couple more hours after the strange events of the early morning... He pulled off his sweat pants, his body already aching and tired, but he stopped by the bedroom window , checking the property. The beast was gone and Hux breathed a sigh of relief before getting into bed. Though he fell asleep quickly, he tossed and turned, the pained howling still in his head. It was the sun shining brightly through the window that made Hux stir, but the sound of someone clearing their throat right next to his bed that truly woke him up. He sat up, terrified. Standing at the foot of his bed was a man, tall and built, completely naked and holding a familiar looking first aid kit. Hux recognized the man's voice as soon as he heard it. "This belongs to you..." Chapter 2 : Priorities Summary: Hux doesn't even know where to begin Ren just wants shelter and rabbits INTRODUCING the mysterious safe Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) "Ch-CHRIST!!!" Hux nearly fell from the bed. He bundled the sheets up around him, his mind darting to the weapon he had left downstairs, useless to him now with this wild looking man looming over him. "How long have- WERE YOU WATCHING ME SLEEP?!?!" The man held out the first aid kit again, as if this were some gesture of good faith. The gash in his side from the night before was crudely stitched closed, bits of lacerated tissue still hanging out. He was covered in dirt and grime. "This is yours. I brought it back for you." Hux took a deep breath, trying to collect himself. This could be very dangerous. There was no landline currently connected in this house, and his mobile phone was useless way out here in such a remote area. His gun was downstairs... Unless he could attack the strange man with the lamp? The man stepped closer. "This doesn't belong to me. So take it." his tone was simple, as if discussing the weather. Hux finally snatched it from him, his voice frank. "Such good manners you have... I suppose stealing a first aid kit is below your moral code, but breaking into my home isn't?" He tossed the kit into his suitcase, noticing the man's eyes dart to it as he did. "...You don't live here," he said, "You're only visiting." Hux glared up at him, defensive. "I inherited this estate from my father. I'm his son, Brendol Hux. I lived here once, now I'm trying to figure out-" he shook his head, "oh, what am I even- I don't have to explain myself! If anyone should be explaining anything, it should be you! Who-... WHAT are you, and how did you get into my house?!" "Ren," the man said, "...I'm called Ren. And I came in through the cellar." "Cellar? What cellar? There is no cellar." Hux eyed him warily. Ren gave another shrug, a small, repeated gesture that began to get on Hux's nerves. "I sleep there a lot... You lived in this house and never knew about it?" he sounded amused, but almost suspicious. Hux finally got out of bed, quickly putting on a pair of jeans from his bag, obviously much more modest than the man called "Ren". He looked him up and down in disgust. "You're filthy... You need to go. I won't have a homeless man sleeping under my house. And-... and whatever happened this morning-" "Did it scare you?" Ren's question was abrupt and took Hux by surprise. "You didn't react as badly as most people do." "...I had a gun. You saw it." "But you didn't use it..." Ren's eyebrow twitched. "You could have easily pulled the trigger. But instead, you helped me." Hux was quiet for a moment, but shook his head again. "You need to leave. Now." He pointed to the open bedroom door. Ren, surprisingly, turned and began to leave. "Wait." Hux tossed the sweatpants to the taller man. "These should fit... You shouldn't run around naked, I don't care how remote this estate is, it's indecent." Ren caught them, eyeing the shorter man carefully as he pulled them on. "...they smell like you." Hux felt his face warm, unsure of what to make of such a comment. He gestured out the door again. "Go. I'll escort you out." He was curious about this supposed cellar. Ren was compliant, allowing the other man to accompany him down the stairs. He led him to the living room, lumbering towards an ornate rug that was pushed up to reveal a open cellar door. Hux hesitated as he approached. Thinking back now, he couldn't remember a time when the layout of this room had changed. It had been his father's study, meaning Hux and his mother had limited access, especially in his youth, save for the few times he snuck in to play on the sofa and look through his father's books in his absence. A narrow set of stairs led to pitch black and Hux shifted uneasily. Ren casually started down them, only stopping to look back at Hux. "...would you like to see?" "I'm-... I'll probably just end up patching this door up... Before selling the-" he stopped as Ren took his hand, the gentleness of this touch surprising him. "You shouldn't be afraid of the dark..." "I'm NOT afraid of the dark. I just don't see the importance of an old cellar. This house can easily be a home without it." Hux didn't notice the bitterness in his tone. "Then come." Ren pulled him persistently. The ginger huffed and followed, realizing more and more that this intruder he had been so afraid of was basically a six-foot five year old. This five year old clearly spent a decent amount of time here, his actions practically routine. First, he rummaged in the darkness, leaving Hux standing alone and praying to whoever was listening that he wouldn't be devoured by the beast, before he pulled off a large wooden panel to the outside, light filtering in and revealing the contents of the cellar; an old workbench, a tall, dust covered gunsafe in the corner, and a pile of various rubbish, dried underbrush, tiny bones and feathers, all covered in an old blanket. Then, the man called Ren crawled out through the opening as Hux watched. His eyes widened in horror as Ren carried in three rabbit carcasses, placing two on the workbench and settling onto the crude pallet with one, where he began pulling off its pelt. Hux's stomach churned and he shook his head in disbelief. "I-... You've-... You're insane!" he paced, running a hand through his hair. "You've been living under this estate-... this BEAUTIFUL estate that I grew up in..! Living in a cellar I JUST found out about... Just-... Just skinning and eating animals like some sort of-... some sort of bloody psychopath!" Ren, who had pulled off one of the rabbit's legs and was chewing on it, stopped and shrugged simply. "...I don't have a pack... I don't have a family, so I do things my own way..." "FUCK your "pack"!! You need to go! You need to go and never come back... Clearly you're not well! But-... but I have enough to worry about without you doing your-" he gestured to the two dead rabbits on the workbench. "your- serial killer nonsense in the cellar of my house!" Ren stood, and Hux suddenly realized how much bigger his build was... How easily the half man could probably snap his neck and toss him on the workbench as well. But he swallowed, looking up at him defiantly and standing his ground. "...Can I stay until I find a better place to live?" Ren's tone was surprisingly calm. "There have been a lot of hunters in this area," he glanced down at his crudely stitched gash. "This has become a place of safety for me..." Hux chewed the side of his mouth. There was a certain vulnerability in the man's dark eyes, a sense of desperation that Hux almost recognized. He took a deep breath. "...You have a week. No more carcasses in the cellar. Eat outside. And you'll stay down here... And no more running around naked." A flash of relief crossed Ren's features and he nodded carefully. "I understand... Thank you..." Hux turned to go back upstairs, but stopped. "...The way you were last night... Whatever that was..." he turned to Ren, "...how often does that happen?" "Everynight. Just as soon as the sun goes down." There were plenty of questions Hux wanted to ask, but he didn't know where to start. Instead, he nodded simply and turned to leave again. Ren went to the workbench and retrieved his two rabbit carcasses, taking them, and the half eaten one, outside to finish. Hux heard him leave, half wondering what the hell he had just permitted. He hesitated at the bottom of the cellar stairs as he got a better look at the gunsafe in the corner. It was shut and locked. Hux trudged up the stairs. Of all the questions buzzing through his mind at this point, whatever was locked away in the safe was pretty low on his list of priorities, definitely somewhere below "Why the hell are you letting a beast man with psychopathic tendencies live in your father's secret fucking cellar, Brendol Hux Jr.?!?!" Notes: So here we are. A crazed wolf man living in a cellar that he's made home... I'll be able to update more often too with my granted free time! Feel free to follow me on tumblr! It's only recently opened up, so it's still under construction... werewolf-kylo-ren.tumblr.com Chapter 3 : Amber Summary: We're here, ladies and gents... Our first chapter with smut... It only gets more explicit from here haha I meant to update earlier, but time got ahead of me ugh Hux does boring sorting, Ren goes through his first transformation in front of Hux, aaaand Hux needs some alone time. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Hux worked tirelessly into the day, taking many more smoke breaks than normal. At one point, he had pulled out his notebook, contemplating what to add to his To-do list, but gave up after minutes of staring down at it, his pencil merely hovering over paper. "What's that?" Ren's voice made him jump. Hux awkwardly stuffed the notebook back into his pocket, taking another drag of his cigarette and staring down at the man standing in the overgrown yard. "A notebook... It helps keep me organized..." he wrinkled his nose at Ren, who was covered in stale stains of blood, holding three, mangled rabbit pelts in his hands. "What have you been doing?" Ren shrugged. "I finished eating..." he handed the pelts out, a bloody peace offering. "You can have these." Hux put out the cigarette, eyeing him cautiously. "...keep them... add them to your-.. your bed." He turned to go back inside, suddenly feeling like he was shutting a great, big dog out as he closed the back door. Rubbing his neck, he approached a file drawer he had pulled from an old cabinet and had been sifting through. He brought it to the sofa and sat down, fingers running over the torn, ornate upholstery fabric. Perhaps he could sew it up? He suddenly remembered sitting and watching his mother sew in the private wing upstairs as a boy. She would hum to him as she made blankets, many of which were still here, settled and collecting dust and mold around the house. It was always the smaller things he had missed the most after she had left his father all those years ago... Her arms holding him tightly, wiping away his tears when he was hurt or sad, her gentle voice comforting him... Hux was pulled from his thoughts when the still exposed cellar door was pushed opened and Ren emerged. "...I may need the first aid kit again." He gestured to his side wound, which was open and oozing profusely. "Jesus... Come here..." Hux stood, exasperated, and went to the kitchen, opening up a roll of paper towels he had bought on a grocery run and pulling off a generous amount. He carefully put pressure on Ren's side, the blood seeping through the towels. Hux took one of Ren's giant hands and moved it to the bundle. "Hold that there and go sit near the sofa. Do NOT get blood anywhere..." Ren held it tightly to his side and obeyed, settling down on his knees next to the sofa, which he glanced over, eyes settling on the tears. He spoke, his voice solemn. "...I didn't realize how badly I tore the fabric... I'm sorry..." Hux came over, stitching supplies in his hand, and knelt next to the large man. "You're awfully polite for a... whatever you are..." "A werewolf." Ren pulled the towel away, the bleeding had slowed. Hux took a small pair of scissors and cut the crude stitching. "A fair warning, I haven't done this before... but I understand the basics of hand sewing... It's basically the same thing..." He blotted the wound with a wet rag when he finished taking out the old stitches and Ren hissed in pain. Hux cleared his throat awkwardly as he cleaned the cut. "...What happened? I don't believe you told me." "A bullet grazed me... I was only trying to hunt... I didn't realize that I was being hunted." he pushed some of his messy, grimy hair back. "It's been happening more and more... It always does this time of year-" he grunted in pain as Hux began restitching the deep wound. Hux narrowed his eyes in concentration as he worked. "Well, hopefully you can find a better shelter soon... The cellar of this house is no place for-..." he trailed off. "For what?" Ren eyed him carefully. "Well, for a bloody animal!" Hux wasn't going to censor himself. "And I'll have you know, I hadn't seen you in that horrible form, I would have hardly believed-" ""Horrible form"!? It was still me! I only look different on the outside!" The emotion behind Ren's voice suggested that he had argued this very point before. He huffed in annoyance and looked away, side muscle twitching under the ginger's touch. Hux's tone softened a bit. "Sorry... I've never... Well, I've heard of werewolves, but only in fictional works. Red Riding Hood and whatnot..." He began to tie off the stitches. "That's the big, bad wolf." Ren corrected. He looked down at the cut, which was sewed up nicely. "Whatever... Did your mother read you fairytales when you were a cub or something?" he sat back, looking at his work approvingly. Ren only snorted in response and stood again, walking towards the cellar door with a solemn "Thanks." Hux watched him go, realizing how quiet and boring, almost lonely, the house had been before he discovered Ren. "...you can stay up here, you know..." The taller man simply eyed him for a moment before lumbering back down the stairs, closing the door without another word as Hux looked on disdainfully. "...Or you can go roll around in your ruddy leaf bed." He went back to sorting. _-_-_-_-_-_-_-_ Hux had successfully sorted through all of the filing cabinet drawers and had filled almost three bags full of trash to take off. He set the last of them by the front door, stretching. His stomach rumbled and he realized he hadn't eaten all day, a mixture of stress and the mental image of Ren tearing the skin off a dead rabbit earlier had spoiled any appetite he may have had. He went to the kitchen, sorting through the small batch of groceries he had bought. Realizing he didn't feel much like cooking, he settled on cereal for the evening. Suddenly, there was a commotion out in the yard, making Hux jump and spill some of his Cheerios, hunters and werewolves still in the back of his mind. He rushed to the window and saw Ren crawling out into the yard, visibly trembling and writhing in the grass. Hux's first instinct was to help, but he was smart about it. He opened the back door, suddenly seeing how low the sun was in the sky, barely peeking through the trees. What was happening suddenly made sense... Ren was changing. The man groaned, gripping fistfuls of grass, a creeping grey color webbing across his skin, his limbs lengthening, bones in his legs cracking and contorting into legs like a beast. His fingers and toes twisting into claws, thick, black fur sprouting down his back, a bulge formed in the back of his sweat pants, a thick, shaggy tail. His ears pointed and grew through his hair, teeth lengthening and pointing into sharp fangs. He stared wearily at Hux when his gruesome transformation had finished. Hux swallowed, suddenly intent on not making a big deal out of it. He could almost feel Ren's self consciousness. "...That looked painful.." He kept his voice even, an effort that proved difficult with what had just taken place in front of him. Hux opened the back door wider and gestured to him. "...come on. You're welcome inside. No hunters can get you there." The beast's ears barely perked and he lumbered forward. The ginger suddenly had a horrible mental image of the massive creature changing his mind mid-stride, suddenly finding him appetizing and devouring him before finishing his way inside. But Ren simply crawled past him, even appearing to tread carefully with his claws so as to not scratch the wood floors. Hux closed the door behind them and faced the beast. "So this lasts until morning, then?" he found his tension easing a bit, making it easier to speak calmly. Ren nodded. "Yes... once the sun starts coming back up, I'll change back." "That's... That's good..." This was awkward. Hux clenched and unclenched his fists at his sides. "Are you hungry?" "You're not afraid of me?" Ren asked abruptly and a bit loudly. A moment of silence passed before Hux shrugged. "Not really..." It was a half lie, but whatever fear he had felt before was slowly ebbing away the more time he spent in the presence of the beast. Ren suddenly lumbered forward, peering so intently at the ginger with those bright, amber eyes, their faces were almost touching. Hux's eyes widened a bit as he looked up at Ren's and he swallowed. "...Are you alright?" His heart suddenly started racing as the beast closed his eyes, pressing his forehead against Hux's. He felt goosebumps on his skin. "I-... What-... What are you doing?" "Thank you..." Ren almost exhaled as he said it, as if he had been holding his breath in anticipation over Hux's reaction to all of this. "You've let me into this house... Offered me temporary shelter and the food off of your table... No one has treated me this kindly since-..." he trailed off. Hux was completely taken aback. He awkwardly reached up, patting Ren's head. "It's... it's not too much trouble... Don't mention it..." They stayed like this for awhile, Hux didn't know how long... Minutes ticked away with nothing but silence between them, yet it was somehow almost comforting above awkward or unnerving. Hux carefully stepped away. "I'm going to work on organizing this living room some more..." Ren nodded. "I can help..." Hux let out a nervous laugh. "Er-... How about you just relax and-... and watch?" The beast nodded again after a moment of hesitation. He lumbered over and sat obediently next to the desk, watching Hux intently. Hux went to the kitchen and retrieved his (now slightly soggy) cereal, taking a bite of it as he surveyed the desk. He set it down and opened the drawers of the old antique one by one, surveying their contents, finding it a bit strange with Ren's amber eyes watching him so intently. He pulled out some papers, envelopes, and a folder. The papers were only old health records, he set them aside to file, along with the envelopes, turning his attention to the folder. He opened it, flipping through its contents, but finding it hard to concentrate under the watch of the beast. His face reddened a bit as he broke the maddening silence. "...So where are you from, Ren?" Ren, who was still absently staring at Hux, jumped a bit at being addressed. "From... From around..." Hux glanced up at him. "That's vague... You've said that you don't have any family or a- ..uhm-... "pack". Where are they?" "My parents died when I was young... I've tried to join packs before, but-..." his gaze found the floor. "It never worked out... So I always came back here." Hux raised his brows. "How long have you been here?" "Years." Another vague answer. Ren looked uncomfortable, like a child sent to the principal's office, awkwardly shifting in his sweatpants. "It must be lonely... You've never thought about leaving?" Hux tore his gaze away from the folder and looked down at him. The beast thought for a moment, his ears lowering as he bit his lip. "...I..." The ginger could see the discomfort in his eyes and cleared his throat after another long stretch of silence passed between them. He pushed the folder aside for now, moving onto another drawer, finding it harder and harder to concentrate as he grew more and more fatigued. He rubbed his eyes, almost nodding off a couple of times as the night progressed. Ren noticed and stood. "You should go to bed. It's late." "M'fine.." Hux ran a hand through his hair as he tossed some old magazines into a trash bag. In a quick movement, and a startled yelp from Hux, Ren hoisted him out of the desk chair and held him in his arms. "What the FUCK do you think you're doing?!" "Carrying you to bed. You won't go on your own." Ren lumbered up the stairs and to the bedroom, Hux still too stunned to protest. "I-... I haven't even locked up the house!" Hux sputtered, face reddening. Ren dropped him onto the bed, rougher than he intended to. "You don't need to lock anything... I'm here." The ginger sat up, a bit dazed. "I haven't-... I need to get ready for bed! Jesus, you giant, ruddy dog..." He stood, going to the bathroom to wash up. The beast continued watching him, much to his dismay. Hux could see his towering figure behind him in the bathroom mirror. He turned, irritated. "Do you mind? Go guard the house or something..." Ren nodded and moved out of sight. Hux took a deep breath, collecting himself a moment before dressing down to his boxer briefs, turning out the lamp, and climbing into bed. All of the things in the world to think of, the worries, the stressors, the concept of a wolfman lumbering around downstairs as he rested up here, and his mind kept wandering to those eyes. Perhaps it was just him getting used to them watching him at this point, but instead of his initial fear over such a thing, he felt a sense of... was it excitement? No... No, surely not. Hux bit his lip as he felt a stir of arousal under the old comforter, his mind wandering to the creature downstairs. Before he knew it, his hand was running down his bare stomach, and he lightly brushed over the slowly swelling bulge in his underwear. He gently palmed himself, thinking about Ren's body this morning... Covered in dried blood and dirt... His hair hanging in his face... He swallowed, stopping and sitting up. How fucked up was he? Hux stared at the empty door frame for a moment, listening for Ren and trying to pinpoint where he was in the house. It was silent. "...Ren-??" He waited a moment, listening. It was silent. The beast must be down in the cellar...He stood, hurrying to the bathroom and quietly closing the door behind him. He pulled his drawers down to his ankles, freeing his cock from its confines with a small gasp. A small dot of precome already stained the front of them. Hux hesitantly and gently thumbed the slit, stifling another gasp. It had been too damn long since he had done this. With the stress of the past few weeks, it had been the last thing on his mind. He carefully spit into his hand, just enough to ease the friction as he stroked up and down, setting a steady rhythm. His mind automatically fantasized about Ren standing behind him. He could feel the beast's warm breath on the nape of his neck, feel his large hands brushing down his chest. Hux reached up with his free hand, circling and pinching the tender, pink flesh of his nipple. He bit back a moan, picturing it as the creature's hand. clawed and monstrous. The fantasy continued, Ren's hands continuing down and brushing through the light, ginger curls below Hux's navel, giant, clawed hand gripping Hux's swollen cock- " Oooohh -.." Hux swallowed heavily, willing himself to stay quiet. He stopped to listen for a moment, unsure of how good beast Ren's hearing was, before biting down hard on his knuckle and closing his eyes again, resuming his stroking. Precome drooled from his cock, making his pace that much quicker. He could feel his release, so close... so damn close... His hips bucked into his touch as he imagined Ren taking him from behind. Maybe here, maybe against this sink as he gripped it tightly, Ren's growling voice commanding him to stare at himself in the mirror as he fucked into him mercilessly- "JESUS- FUCK -!!!" Hux jumped, cursing loudly and releasing his cock at the sharp knock on the door. Fucking hells, he was so damn close to coming... He yanked his underwear back up, trying to will his throbbing erection away. "Hux...? Are you alright?" Ren's voice came from the other side of the door, and Hux had never been madder at anyone in his life. "I'm FINE." He made sure his cock was tucked away and he washed his hands of the precome before opening the door to the beast, hoping his face wasn't too red. "...What do you want?" Ren narrowed his eyes at the other man, his ears perking. "...you smell strange..." Hux pushed past him, grateful it was relatively dark in his room, but Ren grabbed his arm as he went, and when Hux turned and stared back into those piercing, amber eyes that bore into his soul, he knew he was truly fucked... Notes: DENIED, HUX. But where will it possibly go from here?? Follow me on tumblr! Talk to me about some kylux and star wars feelings! werewolf-kylo-ren.tumblr.com Chapter 4 : January Summary: Hux finds out a bit more about these strange circumstances. (Also, he didn't know THAT turned him on) Ren punishes him in childish ways, and can't make cereal correctly. There are more secrets behind this house and the beast named Ren than Hux previously thought. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) "...You're... aroused..." Ren's wolfish nose barely twitched as he looked him up and down. Hux, a brilliant shade of scarlet, stood dumbfounded, still entranced by the beast's eyes. His fantasy played in his head again, him gripping the bathroom sink, tossing his head back as the creature, presently gripping his arm, rutted into him, growling into his ear. When he finally spoke, his tone was defensive. "...I was just taking care of myself... It happens... And it's been awhile with-" he gestured towards the downstairs with his free hand, "-with everything going on and all of the stress- hah- !!!" Hux's hips twitched as Ren suddenly cupped the bulge in his underwear with a massive hand. "I can help you." The beast sounded as if he were offering to help with the dishes. Hux swallowed heavily, trying to break contact with Ren's gaze. His voice was far more feeble than he intended. "I... I don't need- N- nnnh ..." Ren stroked Hux's length through the fabric and pulled him closer, almost purring in his ear. "...Let me help you... You've done so much for me..." "I-... fuck , Ren... I really haven't..." He placed a hand over Ren's on his length, breathless. "I just-..." Hux bit his lip as he looked back into those amber eyes, his dam of composure quickly breaking. Suddenly, he reached forward, gripping fistfuls of the beast's hair and pulling him closer. "F-fuck it... It's been too long... I want to come, and I want to come hard ... Can you do that, you ridiculous dog?" Ren growled deep in his chest and grabbed Hux by the waist, pressing him back onto the bed and pinning him down, grinding his hips into Hux's as he ravaged the smaller man's neck with licks and sucks. Hux gasped in surprise as he was hit with another pang of arousal, his arms wrapped around the beast's back, tugging on the thick, black fur. He let out a shuddered breath as Ren's fangs grazed his skin, tiny pinpricks that barely drew blood. His face contorted in twisted pleasure as the beast's lips brushed down to his chest and he felt that warm, long tongue sweep over one of his nipples, the contrast between the warmth of Ren's mouth and the cool air once the tender, pink flesh was wet with saliva causing an aching swell in his boxer briefs. "Re-...Een..!! Have you- ahh -!! ..have you ever done this before..??" he tried to keep his hips from instinctively bucking up into Ren in anticipation. The beast continued down the ginger's torso, kissing and sucking down to the elastic of his underwear. "Well... not to anyone else before... But- but I have to myself-" Hux raised his head to look at him. "You've-... wait, you've sucked your own dick?!" Ren nodded, his ears lowering. "But I can only do it in this form..." "How do you even...?" Hux found his eyes wandering to the sweatpants. Human Ren was big, sure... But Hux was suddenly wondering how the beast's anatomy worked. "Is it... is it bigger when you change then?" "It's..." Ren paused, but shook his head. "Don't worry yourself." He pulled down the smaller man's waistband, freeing his engorged member, and pulled him to the edge of the bed. The beast made quick work of completely discarding the boxer briefs and he spread Hux's legs. Hux let Ren work, anxious to relieve his ache of arousal, ready to feel that ridiculous tongue on his cock. His breath hitched in his throat as Ren licked a warm stripe from the base to the tip, his tongue circling over the head before taking it into the warmth of his mouth. " oooh ... R-Ren..." he tried to thrust into the beast's mouth, but Ren held his narrow hips down with his clawed hands. He purred in his chest as he slid one of his hands down to massage Hux's balls as he sucked and worked on the shaft, his own arousal stirring from this. Hux was a mess of pants and groans as Ren worked, only quieting when the beast reached up to the ginger's mouth and forced two of his clawed fingers inside, taking them into his mouth without protest. He sucked and worked at the fingers, tasting the slightest, metallic hint of blood on them, moaning around them as Ren's head began to bob on his length. The beast withdrew his fingers, Hux giving a whine of protest, before bringing them to his tight entrance. He circled around the puckering ring, eliciting a gasp from the smaller man. "R-Ren-... what are- ooohhh! ooh~ fuck ..!!!" he squirmed as Ren breached him with one of those long, thick digits, the claw gently grazing his insides as he clenched around him. The beast moaned softly around his length, eagerly swallowing down the precome that drooled from the tip. Once he deemed Hux stretched enough, he added a second finger and Hux practically screamed as his body struggled to adjust. He spread his legs as far as they would go, curling his toes as Ren found his prostate, and struck it over and over with those clawed fingers, all while taking his entire, throbbing length into the velvety heat of his mouth. "A- Aaauughh !! Ren!! Oh- Ohhh I'm gonna come -!!" Hux arched his back as Ren pressed hard against that glorious bundle of nerves, letting out a strangled cry as he came hard, shooting spurt after spurt of his release into the beast's mouth. Ren greedily milked him of his come, sloppily licking the excess that dripped from his mouth and down Hux's balls. Hux tried to regain his composure as Ren removed his fingers from the tight heat and rubbed the his inner thighs, the beast growling softly in his chest. "...I can't believe... that just happened..." Hux could think with more clarity now that his mind wasn't filled with lust. He groaned as he gingerly pressed his legs together and sat up, still spent. "I won't lie, though... It was-... it was good. Amazing..." "I did a good job then?" Ren rested his head on Hux's lap and looked up at him, a light smile playing at his come stained lips. Hux stared down into those amber eyes and brushed a hand through the thick, dark hair. He couldn't help but smile himself, but it faded quickly with realization. "...I just-... I just had my cock sucked by a ruddy beast..." Ren's ears lowered and he glared at Hux. "...you make it sound like a bad thing-" "No, no no-!" Hux pushed him away and slid off the bed, rushing towards the bathroom. "No, this is completely fucked up... I shouldn't have- This was a mistake..." He ran the water in the sink, looking for a washrag. Ren stood, awkwardly shifting in his sweatpants. "...You asked me if I could do it... Did I do something bad?" Hux found a rag and wet it, frantically cleaning the mixture of saliva and come from his cock and thighs. Ren hadn't done anything bad... It was good, it was too good, and Hux didn't want to admit it. How sick... Sick and twisted. He glared up at the beast. "Go-... Go watch the house again! Out!" He snapped and pointed towards the bedroom door. Ren looked dumbfounded. "But-But I only wanted to-" "I said OUT!!! Go on! Leave!!!" Hux raised his voice and saw the beast clench his fists. With a snarl, Ren lunged out of the room on all fours, leaving Hux in the bathroom. Hux sighed, rinsing the rag and tossing it into a pile of dirty clothes in the corner of the bathroom, along with his stained boxer briefs from earlier. He heard Ren throwing a tantrum downstairs, objects being knocked off shelves, papers shredding, the beast yelling. He went to the bedroom door, closing and locking it, despite the fact that Ren could probably reduce it to splinters if he so desired. Hux went to his suitcase, finding a fresh pair of underwear and pulling them on. He climbed into the disheveled bed, willing himself to forget about what had just transpired, to forget about the desire for it to happen again welling up in the pit of his stomach. Hux couldn't seem to fall asleep, and it wasn't over fear of the monster downstairs, most likely tearing up the efforts of the past few days, but of the monster in his head, convincing him that he wanted to experience more and more of Ren. All of Ren... -_-_-_-_-_-_-_- Hux heard the cicadas shrieking. He was hot and his skin burned, a tickle in his back. He stirred, rolling over on his side. His nose tickled and he groaned in irritation, opening his eyes. It was green. Everything was green. Hux sat up, startled and disoriented. The sun was bright, the air hot and sticky. He had been laying in the backyard, which was becoming more and more overgrown. He stood, his pale skin was already reddening and he was still in his underwear. Hux stared around, confused and paranoid, his first thought something along the lines of "Where the hell is that fucking wolf?!?" "REN!!!" Hux called, storming towards the house. "REN?!?!" He approached the back door, but it was locked. "...what-... on Earth...?" Ren barely cracked it open. He was back in his human form, his dark eyes narrowed at Hux through the crack in the door. "...This house isn't yours. It's mine. So I put you where you belong." Hux was trying to process this, his fatigue and the heat outside making it difficult. "..you-... You mean to tell me... you took advantage of me sleeping..." he spoke slowly, "..you carried me outside... and you locked me out of my own bloody house? Is this what happened? Am I understanding this correctly?" Ren shrugged. "The only mistake you made is assuming this is your house. It's mine." He closed the door and Hux heard the shifting lock. "You-.. you ruddy FUCK!" Hux pounded on the door. "Are you upset because I kicked you out of my room?!?" "It's my house...' Ren's voice came from the other side of the door. "So the room is mine too." Hux made a noise of frustration and kicked the door one more time before he trudged down the back porch stairs. He circled the house, checking windows one by one to see if any had been left unlocked, cursing himself for his paranoia and diligence in keeping the house locked up. It had been about an hour since Hux had woken up. He had circled and checked the house three times by now, the thought of Ren relaxing inside infuriating him further. The sun was relentless on his skin, already turning it a light shade of rose. He cursed the stupid half man as he wiped a sheen of sweat from his brow. Suddenly, Hux remembered the opening to the cellar. He hurried towards the back of the house, his heart leaping when he saw that the makeshift door Ren had made was open. Hux glanced around before approaching, paranoid that the taller man was watching him from the windows, using his advantage to stay a step ahead of him. He crawled through the opening, shuddering as a cobweb brushed against his bare back. Once inside, he waited to give his eyes a moment to adjust to the darkness. It was already much cooler in here in comparison to the sweltering conditions outside. He quietly approached the stairs to the cellar door, taking them one at a time and listening intently for the lumbering man upstairs. It was quiet... Far too quiet... Hux took a deep breath, preparing himself. He braced his tired body, then tried to shove the door open. It didn't budge. He tried again. Hux swore loudly as he realized that Ren must have pushed his father's heavy desk over the door so it couldn't be opened. "You-... YOU STUPID, FUCKING DOG !!! How DARE you tamper with the furniture!?!?!" Hux's voice was sore, but he was enraged enough to carry it out. "This is MY fucking house!! Not yours!! You'll let me back in NOW, or you'll be thrown into the fucking woods! And I hope they skin your FILTHY beast form and use it as a rug!!!" He was met with silence and he screamed in frustration, stomping back down the stairs and sitting on the bottom one. He took another deep breath, trying to collect himself as he wiped a bead of sweat from the tip of his nose. Hux didn't know how long he sat there. Despite the room being cooler than outside, there was no breeze, and the stagnant air around him grew warmer and more stifling as the day progressed. He stood, miserably, his back stiff, and his eyes settled on the gunsafe in the corner. Hux glanced to the door to the house, then the one to outside before carefully approaching. He ran a hand over the top of it, brushing off a generous amount of dust. It was tall, almost as tall as him, aged and a gunmetal grey. It had an old number pad on it, the digital display looked like a calculator screen from when he was still a boy in school. Hux tested the buttons to see if they still worked. The numbers were faded on the display, but he could still make them out. Hux bit his lip, trying to think of a possible combination, dates of significance. He tried birthdays, anniversaries, digits of social security numbers. Finally, it was down to studying each button, trying to decipher which ones were more worn than the others. "One... two... three... nine..." Hux read the numbers aloud, but didn't even know where to begin with working with them... He sighed, leaving the safe to sit on the old, worn pallet on the floor, where he contemplated what to do next. One, two, three, nine... One, two, three, nine... Hux suddenly stood. If Ren was going to trash HIS home like a five year old, perhaps he would respond in kind. But the more he stared around the room, the more he realized that there wasn't much to destroy in the gloomy cellar. Annoyed, he tore the old blanket from the pallet and proceeded to kick the old leaves, bones, and feathers around, scattering them about the ground and making a mess of the beast's bed. It was petty, Ren probably wouldn't care, but it made Hux feel better at least. Hux saw something in the mess that caught his eye and he cleared away some brush, revealing an aged piece of paper. He carefully picked it up. The text was worn, the paper yellowed with time, but it was, unmistakably, an old newspaper article. Hux narrowed his eyes to read it, the ink smudged by what looked like water spots in some places. " January 3rd, 1992 LOCAL DEVISTATION: WOMAN MURDERED, HUSBAND AND SON STILL MISSING Police are still baffled at the gruesome discovery they found on Wednesday morning. Leia Organa-Solo, a prominent member of our community, beloved by so many, was found murdered at her home, a single gunshot wound to the chest. Her husband, Han Solo, 34, and son, Ben Solo, 2, are still missing. Search and rescue teams are still trying to locate their whereabouts. The community held a candlelight vigil for the both deceased and missing on Thursday evening. Funeral services for Mrs. Solo will be held-" The rest of the article was torn away. Hux turned it around, but the only thing on the back of the article was an obnoxiously printed add for detergent. "Have you learned your lesson yet?" Hux jumped as Ren crawled through the outside entrance. "SHit-! I'm-" he fumbled with the paper and feebly kicked some of the mess back into a pile. "You don't deserve it, but I brought you-" Ren approached with an awkwardly poured bowl of cereal, but nearly dropped it when he saw Hux holding the article. "Th-That's MINE! What are you-" His eyes darted around at the mess on the floor. "Did you destroy my bed?!?!" "Yes! I was a bit annoyed at being locked out of my own house!!" Hux said defensively. Ren put the bowl down on the workbench and snatched the paper from Hux, carefully brushing it off and holding it as if it were a precious heirloom. He glared at the other man. "I only locked you out because you kicked me out last night after I was good!" "What are you, a damn puppy?! " Hux brushed some more of the rubbish together, unearthing the dirty blanket and shaking it out. He tossed it over the new pile, but the pallet looked even sadder than before. "No-.. I just thought..." Ren bit his lip and quickly hid the article under the blanket. "...you can come back inside now... I'm sorry I locked you out... I was just mad. Also," he gestured to the bowl, "I made you food." Hux looked at the overflowing bowl of cereal. Somehow, it was hard to stay mad at the massive five year old, despite the fact that Hux spent a good portion of the afternoon outside, burning, sweating, and yelling in his underwear. Still, the article made him wary of the other man. Ren watched as Hux picked up the bowl and drank deeply. "...you're red." Hux finished the milk in no time, still thirsty as he put the bowl down and wiped his mouth with the back of his hand. "Yes, that happens when I'm locked outside for however many hours..." "Five, I think..." Ren shrugged and Hux wanted to punch him. "...What's that all about?" Hux nodded in the direction of the pallet. "...That woman was murdered... Did you have anything to do with that?" Ren practically bristled. "...No. I'm good." With that, he turned and lumbered out of the cellar. Hux swore he saw Ren's eyes moisten... Notes: Getting more into a plot here!!! Thank you all for sticking around! I hope the smut wasn't bad, there will be a lot more about it, also I love your feedback and comments so far! Thank you! Feel free to follow my tumblr for more kylux goodness! Werewolf-kylo-ren.tumblr.com Chapter 5 : Whiskey Summary: Hux and Ren both find out a bit more about each other, Hux is tipsy Ren is just sad... Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) " Augh! Damn it all, Ren!!" Hux winced as Ren gently rubbed some lotion on his red shoulders. It wasn't aloe, but it was all he managed to find in the medicine cupboard upstairs. He took a deep breath, trying to lower his aggression a bit. It was easier once his sunburn started to cool with the ointment. "Please be careful... It's very sore..." Ren's hands were calloused, rough feeling, but careful as he moved to Hux's back. "You weren't outside for that long... How did you manage to burn so badly?" "My family is from England, I've lived there for a good portion of my life... I burn easily..." he said, groaning a bit. Ren's touch felt nicer than he'd admit, and he nearly protested when the ointment had been rubbed in and the larger man ceased his massaging. Hux, who had been leaning forward on the old couch, carefully moved back to rest, his body still sore from being outside in the heat and his mind tired from his disturbed sleep. Ren began to move around to sit next to him, but Hux held out a hand. "No. You're filthy, and you've already trashed my house. No sitting on the furniture until you've washed and changed out of those bloody sweatpants." Hux looked around wearily at the messy downstairs. Granted, it wasn't exactly a photograph out of Better Homes and Gardens before Ren's childish tantrum, but now the floor was littered with torn papers, scattered knick knacks, and tattered books. Ren shifted uncomfortably. "I have a hard time with my anger... I'm sorry..." Something in the sincerity, the innocence behind the apology made it hard for Hux to be angry. He stood, pointing upstairs. "The shower. You can use it... There is a towel hanging up as well and fresh clothes in the suitcase. You have the build of a ruddy refrigerator, so you might want to find some more sweatpants, I believe I have another pair in there. What are- REN! Do you mind?!" Ren had started taking off the dirty pants, having no concept of modesty. He looked at Hux, slowly handing them over. "...I'll return to wash these." he said, nodding. Hux's face reddened beyond the slight sunburn on his cheek bones, and he forced himself to look away. "Just-... Just go bathe..." When the other man started up the stairs, he called out after him. "And undress in the bathroom in privacy next time, will you?" Ren let out a grunt, which Hux presumed had meant "Okay." He sighed and walked to the desk, shoving it off of the cellar door and back to its original place. When he moved it, he heard an odd shifting. Hux stopped, pushing the desk again, unsure if he imagined it. He heard it again. Hux kneeled down and began gingerly knocking on the side of the desk. It sounded solid enough, save for one spot at the bottom. He lowered himself to his stomach, grimacing at the dust that was collected on the floor, before turning over on his back to inspect the bottom of the desk. Looking up, he could see what appeared to be a hidden compartment, that was rough enough for Hux to assume it was added by his own father... or whoever the desk belonged to before him. He pulled it out like a makeshift drawer, his eyes widened with anticipation. Out fluttered a note that landed next to him. Hux felt around for anything else, but the drawer was empty. He carefully slid it back in place and grabbed the note, scooting out from under the desk and sitting up so he could get a better look at it, his heart suddenly beating faster. The handwriting was gentle, yet urgent. "I'm afraid this is the last letter I'll be writing to you. Maybe things would have happened differently in another life, but I am content with mine, as you should be with yours. We're no longer staying here, as I've found work elsewhere and it's become too dangerous, but despite our differences, I'll always care for you and your family. I'll always cherish our time as friends, especially at the academy. Take care of yourself." Hux looked for a name, but didn't find one. On the back of the note, there was something else scrawled in angry, desperate writing. Dec. 31, 1992 FORGIVE ME He hesitated, wondering if he should put the note back. Did Ren even know how to write? Perhaps he was corresponding with someone. He panicked as he heard Ren's heavy footfalls down the stairs and quickly pocketed it. "The water was colder than the lake..." He came into the living room, dried poorly, but at least he was clothed, wearing Hux's other pair of sweatpants. "You know, you can adjust it... Make it warmer..." Hux said as he stood and finished moving the desk to its original spot. "Come here, let me look at those stitches..." Ren stepped closer, lifting his arm and letting Hux examine the wound. Hux gently brushed a hand over it, causing Ren to swallow heavily at the contact. "It's healing very nicely..." Hux's voice turned frank. "I'm surprised with how filthy you are... As long as you're staying here, you'll be bathing regularly. No lake water or... or rolling around in the grass, whatever your kind does..." Ren suddenly looked nervous. "...I need to start looking for another place to stay for shelter..." An uncomfortable silenced passed between them before Hux took his hand away from him and went to one of the kitchen cabinets. "...I'm going to have a drink... Today was exhausting..." He opened it, sifting through the dusty glass bottles. Brendol Hux Sr. was an avid drinker, and Hux easily recalled the nights his father stumbled into the house, his eyes bloodshot, speech slurred and angry, clothes smelling of old scotch, just to lumber towards this cabinet to pour himself another drink. He found a bottle of whiskey and opened it, smelling it and grimacing, but proceeding to grab a shot glass as well. Hux eyed Ren. "Do you drink?" Ren looked at the bottle apprehensively. "Water... Whatever is in that bottle smells strange..." Hux took a shot, the liquid burning his tongue and his throat. He squeezed his eyes shut, shaking his head. "This isn't water... I doubt you'll like how it tastes, but you don't really drink for the taste... I don't at least..." "...Then why drink it?" Ren almost cocked his head. Hux almost laughed as he refilled the glass, taking it with him to the desk, where he sat heavily and sighed. A five year old. A great, lumbering man child, standing here in his living room, in this big ridiculous house, in those unfortunately fitting sweatpants... He emptied the glass, grimacing again, despite this one being smoother, and motioned for Ren to sit on the old sofa. "I shouldn't... I'll be shifting soon, and I scratch and writhe around a lot..." he stayed standing. "What, are you nervous you'll make a mess?" Hux's tone was sarcastic and he made a point to look around the room, the fact that Ren had thrown a tantrum was still evident in the rubbish all over the floor. Ren looked around as well, before slowly starting to pick scattered papers up off the ground. "Don't worry about it..." Hux ran a hand through his hair. "It doesn't matter..." "I made a mess of the house... I should clean it up..." "Honestly, I'm probably just going to have an estate sale and get rid of the damn thing..." Hux absently traced over a line in the wood of the desk. "It's not like it's full of happy memories or anything... Quite the opposite, actually..." He tapped the empty shot glad with his finger. "Can you bring that bottle over here?" Ren put the papers down and went to the counter, retrieving the whiskey bottle and bringing it to Hux, who muttered a "Thanks." He shifted uncomfortably as Hux downed another shot. "...Why isn't it happy for you?" Hux continued tracing over the lines, shrugging. "Maybe it was, once... But then my father started up with bad habits... Mum left eventually... Then we moved away..." Ren sat on the floor in the middle of the room, staring intently at Hux, who couldn't help but feel like this was some sort of strange story time from grade school. "...what're you looking at?" "I was listening. It sounds interesting..." Ren's brown eyes were curious. "S'not like it's some interesting story... I was an only child, my father was in the military once... He was honorably discharged when he was hurt in battle... He got a civilian job through a private contract and worked his way up, made a lot of money... Always wanted to invest in properties, like some sort of ruddy Monopoly game..." He sloshed the whiskey around in the bottle, his sunburned face looked redder. "We moved around a lot after this house... He would drink a lot. Mom left. He drank more..." Hux shrugged. "Probably why he died..." "How did he die?" Ren kept his voice soft. Hux took a deep breath, pouring himself another shot and downing it, spluttering a bit and looking outside at the setting sun. "...Killed 'imself..." He wiped his mouth with the back of his hand. "They found him... found 'im in 'is living room.. said he was in his recliner-stupid thing... he always sat in that stupid recliner..." A long silence passed between them, interrupted by Ren groaning as he felt his transformation start, the final rays of the sun disappearing. It passed quickly, his skin greying, limbs lengthening, and fur sprouting. He shuddered, grasping in pain as Hux looked on, mildly concerned. By the time Ren was done, the area he had been sitting had several deep claw marks from him lashing out through his painful shifting. He looked up at Hux wearily with those bright amber eyes. "S-... Sorry..." He tried to regain his composure, his body shaking with labored breaths. Hux was apathetic. "Fuck it... I already said I wanna get rid of the damn thing..." He mumbled as he rubbed his eye. "That must be awful... Going through that every night..." It took a moment for Ren to realize his was addressing him. He shrugged lightly. "...I'm used to it... It's been like this for as long as I remember..." "So you didn't... You weren't bit or something? S'that how it happens? I dunno, I only know about fairy tale version and stuff..." Ren shifted uncomfortably. "I don't remember being bitten... I don't remember ever not being this..." Hux looked him up and down, studying him. "...I always imagined werewolves being more-... I dunno... Like a wolf... I mean, you're plenty like a wolf, but you don't have as much fur... You're not like a-... Like an actual wolf..." He shrugged lazily. "I dunno... You know what I mean..." "Well, I've actually met other werewolves... There aren't a lot of us... But-... But the ones I've met do look like wolves... They're much different than me... Which is why..." he trailed off, swallowing and looking down. Hux followed his gaze to the stitched wound on his side. Despite the fact that he was slightly drunk, he could still put it together. "...It wasn't a hunter that attacked you, was it?" Hux spoke slowly. "...It was another werewolf..." Ren's eyes slowly found Hux's. They were clouded with a horrible loneliness, almost a sense of despair. "Yes, it was another werewolf... There haven't been hunters here in a long time..." He brushed hand over the claw marks on the wood floor. "It happens a lot. Just-... just disputes over territory, and... and things like that..." His tone suddenly grew desperate. "But please don't kick me out just yet! I'm sorry I lied-" "They pick on you because you're a half baked werewolf?!" Hux didn't hear the last part. He was feeling a sense of anger over the mental image of someone as (for the most part) gentle and polite as Ren being picked on and attacked for not being impressive in wolf form, his inebriation only fueling his anger. "Fuck them! I don't care if you're not a full blown werewolf! Hell, if you were, you'd have probably killed me when we met!" Hux stood and went to Ren, crouching down next to him and holding his face, causing Ren to wince a bit with surprise. "You have your humanity, Ren... Something they obviously don't have if they spend their time attacking someone as docile and polite as you!" The beast was taken aback, by both the sudden declaration and the stirring it caused deep in his chest. He brought his hands up and placed them over Hux's. "I've-... I've been so lonely, Hux..." his eyes suddenly grew wet. "I've always been alone... I've learned to do things on my own, but I can't tell you how many times I long for a family... for a pack... for anyone..." he blinked, causing tears to fall from his weary, amber eyes. "Sometimes, I can hear them howl when the moon is full, and I'll quietly join in, just because I want to know what it's like... When I hunt, I imagine them running beside me, working together..." There was a flash of hopefulness on his features. "Then I could eat bigger things like deer, instead of just rabbits and birds..." Hux watched, an ache in his chest. How long had Ren been on his own? How long had he survived off of sad, small meals of rabbit and birds? How many nights had he lumbered back into the tiny, isolated cellar and rested on his pathetic bed of bones and leaves,listening to the howls outside and longing to join them? The fact that he followed such a depressing routine suddenly made Hux feel an immense sadness. When Ren sighed deeply and lowered his gazed, he carefully wrapped his arms around the beast, who felt less like a monster and more like a wounded child. The tears fell harder, but no longer because of the loneliness. They fell for the feeling of being embraced, the long forgotten familiarity of it, the scent of whiskey, and Hux's slurred voice in his ear. "It's going to be okay... I've got you..." Notes: Sorry for the delay in this chapter! I had a wedding to attend, but I'm home and back at it! Also, I'm working on some illustrations and concept art that I'll be uploading to my tumblr! werewolf-kylo-ren.tumblr.com As always, thanks for reading and your feedback is always appreciated!!! Chapter 6 : Entwined Summary: Okay, here comes some EXPLICIT content. There is pretty descriptive sex, including knotting in this chapter, so if that's not your thing, turn back now. As far as summaries go, Hux is hungover, Ren has a meltdown, and Hux finds out he's kinkier than he once thought. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Hux groaned and turned over, his eyes heavy and head pounding. It was hot. Too damn hot. He barely opened heavily lidded eyes, trying to blink them open. The room spun into focus, and he realized he was in his bed, still fully clothed, covered in nearly ten of his mother's sewn blankets from around the house. Hux rubbed his eyes groggily, feeling like he might have to be sick. He kicked the blankets off and slid out of bed, but tripped over something on the floor, stumbling to the ground with a loud swear. Ren woke with a start at Hux tripping over him and sat up, his hair messy, but much cleaner in appearance than he usually was after a transformation. He turned to the other man, who was still struggling to get back up. "Christ, Ren! Why are you asleep right next to the bed?!" "I didn't want-... Well, the last time we were on the bed-..." he trailed off, his face reddening a bit. "...I was only guarding you, I didn't want you to think I was being bad again..." Hux finally stood, his footing a bit uneven as he lumbered towards the bathroom, feeling vomit crawl up his throat. He made it to the toilet, retcheding as Ren looked on, concerned. "N-never again-..." He lifted his head weakly from the toilet, a cold sweat on his forehead. "I always forget why I don't drink... Until the morning af- hu URk " Hux was sick again. Ren carefully crawled towards the bathroom, bringing his hand up and gently rubbing the other man's back as he was sick. "...I told you it smelled strange... Maybe it was poisoned..." Hux flushed, wiping his mouth on this sleeve, too weak to educate Ren on what a hangover was. "...need a shower...need to rinse my mouth out...need water..." He gingerly stood, peeling his shirt from his sweating body. Ren has easily learned that Hux was uncomfortable when it came to being naked, so he turned and left the bathroom, giving him his privacy. "Do you need help?" He called when the water sputtered on. "No... 'm fine... If I'm not out in ten minutes, just assume I died..." Hux wearily said, kicking the dirty laundry out of the bathroom and closing the door. Ren imagined Hux tripping over the clothes pile upon exiting the bathroom in his weakened state, so he began to shove it aside. He stopped when he picked up the stale scent of the drink from last night, and found the pants that Hux had been wearing, bringing them to his face. The scent was familiar, filling him with a strange feeling of longing and sadness. A sense of security, something lost long ago... Ren felt something rustle in the pocket and glanced at the door for a moment before rummaging through it and pulling out a folded note. He slowly read the neat handwriting, struggling a bit with stringing some of the words together, but struggling more with trying to figure out what the note was pertaining to exactly. He turned and saw what was on the other side, the date and the frantic writing. FORGIVE ME. FORGIVE ME. FORGIVE ME. Suddenly, there was a ringing in Ren's ears and he felt a wave of nausea. The ringing in his head was overtaken by the sound of desperate cries, he could see hands reaching out blindly, small and grey, lost in the dark, contained. Desperate pleas, a struggle, then silence.... Horrible, lonely, silence. Then he heard it, loudly and clearly. "BEN!!!" He tossed the note down like a poisonous insect, overwhelmed, hypersensitive. A cold sweat washed over him and his instinct told him to run. To run as fast as he could. Tears pricked at the corners of his eyes and he stumbled back. He didn't hear the water turn off, didn't hear the door open or Hux questioning him, the only thing that stopped the cries in his head was the feeling of Hux cupping his face. Ren looked at him, trying to focus on the other man's eyes that stared into his. He couldn't breathe, couldn't think. Hux's voice slowly grew louder than the ringing that continued in his ears. "...-en... Ren..." Hux tightened his grip. " Ren!! " Ren panicked and yelled, lashing out and raking a clawed hand over Hux's bare chest as he tried to back away. Hux winced, grunting in pain, but fumbled to keep his hold on the other man. "Ren!! Come back to me! It's okay, you're okay!" He softened his grip, gently wiping away a tear from Ren's cheek with his thumb. " sshhh ... I've got you... I've got you..." Hux had heard the commotion in the shower and only managed to wrap himself with a towel before coming out to see Ren having some sort of fit on the floor in his beastly form. Now he was trying to keep calm himself, despite the fact that beads of blood were oozing down his chest and the taller man was still working himself down from his episode. Ren felt his tension ease the more Hux gently hushed him. He swallowed heavily, heart still beating fast, as he pressed into Hux's touch, trying to take collected breaths. Ren tried to focus on Hux's eyes, watching his pupils shrink and grow with each frantic blink, a small detail to watch, slowing his mind down. "...I'm-... I'm okay... I'm okay, I'm okay..." Ren could hear the ringing start to subside, the pain in his chest, however, was more persistent. "You transformed... We're in my bedroom... I'm here with you." Hux ran a hand through the beast's hair. "Are you alright? Here, come sit on the bed..." Ren obeyed, shakily standing and crawling onto the bed, where Hux joined him, his eyebrows knitted with worry. "What happened?" he asked carefully. Ren shook his head, glancing at the note on the floor warily. "I don't know... I was- I found the note in your pants and read it. I think-... I don't know, I heard screaming and crying and-..." he shuddered violently, shaking his head. " Shhh ... You're alright... Lay back..." Hux gently helped the beast settle down against the pillows, pushing off the excess blankets to keep Ren from getting too hot. "H-Hux-...you're bleeding!" Ren swallowed heavily, feeling a pang of guilt. Hux looked down at his chest, but tried to shrug it off, not wanting to upset Ren further. "It's fine... I've had worse. Now take a deep breath." Ren did, focusing on Hux's eyes again. He could feel himself finding his composure and he carefully closed his eyes. His fur receded, body slowly shifting back into its human state. When he opened his eyes again, they were their usual dark brown once more. "...Thank you... I don't know what came over me. And- and I didn't mean to go nosing through your things... I only-" "It's fine. It's not even my writing. I found it hidden away in the desk. It was strange..." He raised an eyebrow at Ren. "Would you happen to know anything about it?" Ren shook his head slowly his eyes falling on the wound on the other man's chest. "I don't know who wrote it or who it was supposed to belong to..." his voice sounded absent. Hux thought for a moment. So Ren obviously didn't write it, but why did he react so strongly to it? And the two handwritings were vastly different, one calm and persistent, the other heavy handed and urgent. He glanced down at Ren, who was still staring at his bleeding chest. "Hey. Ren ." Hux snapped. "Are you going to be alright?" "You're bleeding... I can smell it..." He leaned closer, his mind slowly forgetting the episode. "....It smells so good..." Hux narrowed his eyes. "When did you last eat? If you need to, you can- Ren! " He jumped a bit as the other man leaned in with hazy eyes and licked a stripe up the seeping wound. The skin on his neck prickled. "R-Ren... That's not sanitary at all! That's-... fuck- " Hux swallowed heavily as Ren began lapping at his chest, feeling a throb under his towel at the sense of danger. "Mmmn... Hux... you taste so good..." he inhaled the scent, the blood mingling with Hux's skin, light and clean from his shower, warm under his tongue as a blush spread down Hux's front, only adding to the faint redness from his fading sunburn. "Ren-.. I- ohh... Maybe we shouldn't... I mean- you're human now, but-" He could hear himself ranting, verbalizing his argument to himself as the other man ravished his chest with licks and sucks. "W-wait-..." Hux grabbed a fistful of Ren's hair and gently pulled him up to look at him. "Listen... We can do this, but we're going to do it in a way where I can pace us... Last time, I finished in about two minutes, and I can already tell it will happen again with how desperate you are right now." His grip eased and he caressed Ren's cheek. "I want you to feel good too... Do you trust me?" Ren licked his bloodied lips, nodding. "Yes... Teach me... I want to feel good..." "Good boy... On your back, then." He dragged his thumb down Ren's bottom lip, smiling. "And no turning into an animal while you're inside me..." "In-...Inside?" Ren had shifted to laying on his back, his arms nervously resting by his sides. Hux saw his nervous demeanor, and couldn't help but feel a bit uneasy himself. He had only ever done this a handful of times when he was away at school, back before he found a career and became too busy for such a thing. If only his father could see him now, he thought. He had never told Brendol Hux Sr. of his preference towards men, knowing the older man's views on such things were strongly negative. And now here he was, about to have sex with one-not even a normal man- right here in his late father's estate. He almost smirked at the idea as he pulled down Ren's sweatpants, but suddenly lost all train of thought as the other man's cock bobbed helplessly, already quite hard, from the confides of the fabric. He was big enough flaccid, but even more so now, and Hux felt his face grow warm. Precome glistened at the slit, and Ren swallowed nervously. "Is everything alright, Hux? I- o-oh ... Oh... Hux ..." he clenched the bed sheets as Hux tongued the slit, biting his lip to hold back a moan. Hux teased and worked at the shaft, taking more and more of the swollen length into his mouth with each bob of his head, stroking the shaft in the wake of his licks and sucks. Ren fell into a mess of pants and whines, resisting the urge to rut into Hux's mouth, trying to remember to let him set the pace. Hux grew harder and harder under the towel, which he eventually stripped himself of, gently tugging at his own length as he continued sucking Ren's. The larger man's moans, the lewd sounds of slickened spit and precome, and the prospect of his fantasy of fucking Ren coming true all causing his throbbing length to twitch in his grasp. Ren's broken voice pulled him from his thoughts. "I'm-... I think-... something's happening-!!!" Ren groaned and bucked his hips Hux pulled his mouth off of Ren, his lips shiny with precome and saliva. He tugged hard on the swollen cock, abandoning his own long enough to massage Ren's balls. "That's it... Good boy, come for me..." "I- I'm--aaa- aaaahh!! " Ren's muscles seized as he finished hard, the come practically gushing from him. Hux cupped his hand over the thick head of Ren's dick, catching the heavy spurts until they subsided. " Jesus ... when is the last time you had an orgasm?" Ren spoke through labored breathing. "I... I don't know... It's been awhile..." "Well, I'm going to make you do it again..." Hux's voice was slurred with arousal as he crawled onto the bed bending over and laying his head on the pillow next to Ren, his ass in the air as he carefully brought the hand holding the come to the crease of it. He moaned low in his throat as he dripped it over the crevice of it, feeling the come slide down over his hole, down his perineum and off of his balls. It was dripping on the bed, but he was too aroused to care, too intent on having Ren to himself, the laundry needed doing anyways... He slid his fingers over his entrance, gently massaging the tight ring of muscle, using Ren's come to aid him. His eyes here glazed with lust, Ren shifted, turning to face him, staring at him in awe. With a heavy swallow, he pushed in one come coated finger, biting his lip and whining. "Gods, Hux..." Ren's voice was breathless as he watched the erotic display next to him, his dick already swelling with arousal again. "Mmn... I need to get myself ready for that massive cock..." A smile played at the corners of his mouth as he pushed deeper into himself, curling his finger before pulling it back out, pushing back in, his pace agonizingly slow. Hux braced himself and added another finger. His breath hitched in his chest as he scissored his fingers, stretching his tight entrance. He cried out with a muffled "Ahh~!" as he pressed against his prostate, his cock jumping and drooling precome as Ren watched, hungrily. "Sp-Spread your legs, Ren..." He pulled his fingers out and sat up. Ren was compliant, turning onto his back again and stretching his legs out. Hux shifted over and straddled him, tugging on his cock again and making sure it was hard enough for him. He felt around, lining it up with his come coated entrance, gazing down at Ren as he lowered himself down. "O-.. oh ..." He felt the head start to push into him and he tossed his head back. His hand was shaking with pleasure and anticipation as he held onto Ren's cock, lowering himself more and more, moaning in ecstasy at being so filled. His dick jerked helplessly as he bottomed out. Ren had never felt this sensation in his life. Hux was so warm, so slick for him. He clenched around Ren when he was fully seated and Ren brought his hands forward to grip Hux's thighs. "Nhh-... oh Hux... You're so tight..." Ren breathed. "I'm going to start moving now, Ren... Be a good boy and move with me..." Hux positioned his knees to help him move up and down. He started slow, breathing steadily as he rutted against Ren, who was groaning beneath him, pressing up into him, the velvety heat intoxicating. He drew almost completely out before Hux dropped back down on him. Hux rode him hard, marveling at the sounds of Ren panting and moaning, his balls slapping hard on his ass, the way their bodies melded together with each glorious thrust. The pace grew faster, and Hux finally cried out as Ren hit his prostate, his precome smearing and paiting Ren's stomach with each thrust. Ren could feel something primal growing in him. Hux began to grind against him, reaching down and stroking his own heavy member, massaging his swollen balls as he rode him with reckless abandon, unable to think of any other sexual encounter in his life that felt as good as this. He didn't see that Ren was transforming below him, Ren hardly noticing himself, too lost in his pleasure to feel the fur sprouting from his greying skin, his claws lengthening. " Aaaah -!!! Oh fuck, Ren!! Yes!!! " Hux felt his release coming close as Ren's claws dug into his thighs. Ren suddenly snarled and forced himself up, shoving Hux down and pinning him to the bed, pulling out almost completely. Hux opened his eyes, dazed, but turned on from Ren being so rough. When he saw the beast instead of human Ren, his eyes widened, but feeling so helpless and at mercy of the animal brought him even closer to the brink of coming, those glowing, amber eyes gazing so deeply into his. Ren thrusted back into Hux's tight heat and the smaller man let out a cry of pain. Ren's member was much longer now, and his body clenched around him, trying to adjust to the girth. As he thrusted into Hux, Hux could feel something at the base of the beast's member. "R-Ren, Are you- What is-..." he couldn't see the knot that had formed at the base of the beast's cock, pushing against his hole with every jut of Ren's hips. Ren devolved into feral groans and grunts as he rammed into Hux. He drew back completely, and pushed in hard, his knot tearing through the ring of muscle as he came hard with a howl. "Ren, s-slow down-!! I- Ahh- AAAAUUUGGGHHH!!!!!!" Hux nearly screamed himself hoarse as he felt the knot push into him, felt the cum pulse from Ren, practically coating his insides. He could feel his body desperately throbbing around the knot. His arousal spiked hard and he came as well with a guttural wail, untouched, his releasing warm on his stomach. He clawed at Ren's back, the pain tearing through him, his insides on fire from the knot and the beast's come, the agony was horrible, but the pleasure he derived from it was unlike anything he'd ever experienced before. Once the beast felt the last waves of his release, he tried to pull out, but both he and Hux cried out. "ah-F- FUCK!! What did you- What's in me, Ren?!?!" Hux breathed. "It's-.. It's something that happens- when I'm like this... I get this thing at the base of my-... Nnh-!!" Ren tried to pull out again, but couldn't. He gently lowered himself onto Hux, holding him close, his breathing heavy. Hux wrapped his legs around him. "Bloody fuck- ... It needs to come out-.. I can't have your cock up my ass forever..." "It'll go away eventually... It always gets big when I-... you know... but then it shrinks after I come..." The beast inhaled and exhaled deeply, trying to regain his composure. He licked up Hux's neck, nipping at his jawbone. "That was-... That was amazing, Hux..." Hux swallowed heavily, his ass still stinging, but the prospect of it all, admittedly, turning him on more than he'd ever tell anyone. "I thought I told you not to transform... Christ , you're massive..." He shifted a bit under Ren's weight, his voice still slurred with arousal, yet affectionate. "I can feel your come inside of me... You filthy thing..." Ren could feel the knot deflating and he found Hux's soft lips, meeting them with his and kissing him gently as he pulled his dick free. "mmm-a AAH!!" Hux moaned into the kiss, breaking away as he felt Ren's come spill from his ass. "Jesus... There's so much of it...This bedding is being washed right away..." The beast gently pushed himself next to him on the bed and carefully rested his clawed hands on Hux. "So...That was mating?" he asked lazily. "Sex. Humans call it sex..." "But I'm not human, am I?" Ren smiled warmly as he caressed Hux's stomach, tracing a claw through the release splattered there. "Not like any human I've met before... Mmnnn.. But you're amazing, Ren." he turned gently brushing Ren's hair behind his pointed ear. He ignored the looming feeling in the pit of his stomach, almost dread, unsure of where it was coming from... Ren shuddered as suddenly he returned to normal, his fur shrank away once more, claws and fangs shrinking, and eyes darkening. He wasn't as nervous holding Hux like this, so he pulled him closer, burying his face in his hair and breathing in his scent, no longer thinking of the note, the home he would soon lose, or the real monsters lurking in the trees outside. In this moment, entwined with Hux, the creature felt peace, and he clung to it as tightly as he could... Notes: Whew. That was fun, right? I'll be uploading an accompanying sketch to this chapter on my tumblr! Check it out (Also I've uploaded a lovely little sketch of werewolf!Ren concept art for this fic) so go check it out! Werewolf-kylo-ren.tumblr.com Thanks for reading and I always appreciate your feedback! Chapter 7 : Letters Summary: Hux is drunk (again), Ren wants to enjoy some sort of afterglow And we finally start to put things together... Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Ren hadn't realized he'd fallen asleep next to Hux, only remembering the feeling of the other man's hands brushing through his thick hair before he dozed off. He sat up and looked around, disoriented for a moment. Ren was still naked and in bed, but had a clean blanket put over him. Hux was nowhere to be found, but Ren could hear the sound of rummaging downstairs. He stood and stretched, not realizing how nice sleeping in an actual bed could make him feel. Ren stepped into the bathroom, the scent of Hux's soap was fresh. He must have already showered again after what had transpired. His face warmed as he remembered, hoping deep down that Hux wasn't mad at him over it this time. He gingerly turned the water on, eyeing the different knobs, one marked with blue, one with red. Ren carefully turned them both, awed at how it made the water temperature change. He adjusted it carefully until it was warm and stepped in. It was a simple thing, yet Ren had never experienced the luxury of the muscle and tension easing quality of a warm shower. He was far more used to swimming in the nearby lake and grooming himself as needed. As he stepped out, he grabbed a towel that smelled like Hux, recognizing it as the one he was wrapped up in earlier, and shook himself off before awkwardly brushing it over his skin, trying to soak up as much water as he could, carefully blotting the soft fabric around his stitched wound, before wrapping himself up in it. When he stepped out of the bathroom, he nearly ran into Hux, who was dressed in pants, a sweater and undershirt, his hair a bit disheveled. "Ren, there you are..." "I was only bathing- you said I should-should do it more regularly... and after- after what happened..." He shifted uncomfortably, smelling the familiar scent of Whiskey on Hux. Hux began stripping the bed, his face reddened beyond his sunburn again, speech slightly slurred. "Well, I'm not mad at you or anything..." Ren felt a balloon of worry deflate in his stomach. "Oh..." There was an awkward silence between them as Hux gathered the rest of the dirty laundry, including Ren's sweatpants, and balled it up in the soiled bedsheets. He left the room and Ren followed him down the stairs to an old washing machine, watching him intently as he sorted the clothes into color coded piles and started a load. As the water began pouring over the dirty clothes in the wash, Hux went to the kitchen, grabbing a familiar glass bottle from the counter as he went. It was almost empty. Hux called to him from the kitchen, his tone casual. "...Why don't you go and hunt or something? It's a bit awkward having you follow me around like a sad dog... I've just been sorting through things like usual." "Are we okay?" Ren blurted out more abruptly than he meant to. After a moment of silence, and a heavy gulp, Hux returned, wiping his mouth. He glanced at Ren, thinking carefully before he spoke. "It's not "we", Ren... It's not like we're-... You're speaking as if we're in a relationship or something... We just sort of found ourselves in a situation where-..." He thought for another moment. "We both just got lost in the moment and-" "Mated." Ren nodded. "...We mated... That means we're mates." "No." Hux kept his voice firm as he closed the lid to the washer. "We had sex. We're not-... I'm not an animal. I don't know how it works with," He gestured to Ren, "but to humans, sex can just be a casual affair..." "But I'm not a human... And what we did-... "Sex"... It's not just casual for werewolves... Especially since we tied..." "We what?" Hux pulled off his sweater, fanned himself with his undershirt, and started towards the old desk, where a stack of papers was waiting, half sorted. "When we-... When I-..." Ren halfheartedly shrugged. "...When I marked you... You know-... The part at the end..." His knowledge of how pack tradition worked was limited, but he was aware of how his kind chose their mates, how important tieing was. Hux sat and grimaced up at the taller man. "I didn't ask for your bloody dog knot in my ass... and I'll have you know it's still sore from that, you miserable beast... But just because your anatomy changed a bit during sex doesn't mean we're mates." He sniffed and continued sorting. "Now no more. We fucked, it felt good, that's all." Ren stood for a moment, watching him. The familiar scent was overwhelming him, acrid in his nostrils. When he spoke again, his voice was solemn. "...humans are strange. You're sad creatures..." Hux didn't look up at him, his tone was short. "Not as sad as someone who lives in an old cellar by himself, you know..." "But you are sad... I can sense it in you. I've been able to since I first met you, and it only keeps getting worse..." Ren watched him carefully. Hux's hands stopped. "Is it because your father died? Is it because he killed himself?" He stepped closer. "You blame yourself for it..." "Shut up." Hux still refused to look up, a sick feeling in his stomach. "You blame yourself for it because you feel like you could have stopped it if you were closer..." Ren didn't speak with animosity, only sympathy. "If you had done one little thing different, you could have stopped him from killing himself... That's why you busy yourself in here. That's why you drank that strange drink and you mated with me, you want to distract yourself because deep down, you blame yourself. I think that's why you're so sad..." "I said shut UP!" Hux slammed his fist on the desk, causing a stack of papers to fall to the floor, scattering. He stood, storming towards Ren, who looked taken aback. "....I didn't mean-" Hux held up a finger. "First of all, you don't fucking know me! You don't know my family! Hell, you don't even have a family, so how the hell would you know anything about a family?! You-... you just show up like a pathetic animal! No- You don't even show up! Your sorry ass has been sleeping under the floor boards this whole time!" His words were venom, seeping into Ren and making him sick. "You're nothing! You're nothing but a decent fuck, a nave little shit!" Ren stepped back, swallowing heavily, the beginnings of tears in his eyes. "You sleep on a pile of fucking leaves with your strange, ruddy, serial killer workshop down there! Your mess! Bones in your fucking bed and a sadistic newspaper clipping under your bed! You're pathetic!" "H-Hux..." His voice cracked. "I-... That newspaper is-" "Get out, Ren." His voice was cold, eyes bloodshot. "You need to leave. Now." Ren's eyes widened. "...Wait... Wait, I'm sorry... I only said it because-" "I said now, Ren!" Hux pointed to the back door. "Please, Hux! You're-.. This house is all I have! Please! I don't belong out there! They'll-... They'll kill me! The cellar is the only place I can hide!" He nervously clenched his fists. "I didn't mean to upset you! I swear, I didn't-" "NOW, you fucking dog! Get out!" Hux marched forward and shoved past Ren hard. He tore the towel off of him as he passed and went to one of the sorted piles of laundry, throwing him the pair of bloodied sweatpants. "Go!" Ren bit his lip and put them on in a hurry before rushing out of the back, jumping down off of the back porch, and hurrying to the cellar. He tore the makeshift door off and went to his bed, frantically digging through the leaves and bones and grabbing the newspaper. He held it close to him, before carefully folding it and shoving it into his pocket. He left without replacing the door and went to the edge of the trees, giving one last look to the estate before running into the woods, the thick trees quickly causing the estate to disappear from view. _-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_ Hux watched Ren rush into the woods and cursed under his breath, locking the door and storming back to the kitchen, picking up the now empty bottle of whiskey. He didn't realize just how much of it he'd drank. Stupid, fucking Ren... He wouldn't know anything about what Hux was going through. He had never known his parents, he was just... there. Just a useless, fucking wolfman. Hux trudged back to the desk and sat heavily, feeling quite drunk. He continued sifting through papers, intent on forgetting about everything that had just happened, the sick feeling gnawing away at his gut, only enhanced by how quiet the house felt again. Thunder rumbled in the distance, a summer storm brewing. He stood, rubbing a hand through his messy hair as he went to the back window. Dark clouds were looming in the sky, rolling in over the treetops, threatening in the distance. Hux sighed as he watched them. He had blamed himself.... He had blamed himself for so much. The estate was stifling him with more than just the stagnant air and dust... Seeing the old reminders of what life was like before... His mother's hand sewn blankets, the liquor cabinet, the living room he'd spent so much time in these past few days... Hux obviously knew he could never go back to how it was before. He had stubbornly reminded himself over and over through the years that he shouldn't dwell in the past and wonder how things could have been, especially based on a decision he could have made differently. He strived to live in the present, promising himself he wouldn't make similar mistakes. The same mistakes that had made his family fall apart... Hux groaned and sat on the old sofa, dust dispersing as he did. He shouldn't have run Ren off. Here he was, mirroring his father, drinking to feel better and pushing people away with his anger. Another rumble of thunder caught his attention. He turned and watched a steady shower begin to fall outside, the fat rain drops heavy on the roof of the old house. Hux felt an overwhelming sense of guilt, imagining Ren out in the rain, like some displaced, sad hound. He shook his head. "He's not my fucking pet. Not my responsibility." He muttered to himself. He stood and went to the desk, knowing that he could easily busy his mind again with the mess. Hux leaned down, picking up the stack of papers that had fallen in his outburst earlier, but he suddenly stopped. The folder he'd unearthed from the desk a few days prior was under the papers, its contents scattered. He had only flipped through it briefly, too distracted with talking to Ren at the time to really notice what it contained. There were several letters. Correspondences between what appeared to be his father and a handful of other people. He read a couple of them. "June 4, 89 Brendol, All in all, I'd say it was very successful. It was a shame you couldn't join us, but of course we completely understand with the Mrs. expecting and all (congrats!) We're looking forward to when you can join us again!" Hux narrowed his eyes at the date. His mother was pregnant with him then... He found another, obviously from another person. "Sept. 18, 90 Mr. Brendol, He's amazing! We loved the pictures you sent us. Soon enough, he'll be able to start coming with us! Speaking of, we took down four two days ago. One of them was massive. Obviously an alpha. He put up quite a fight, but you can't go up against silver, don't care how big you are!" Hux felt an odd stirring in his chest. He slowly began to realize what this was, despite his inebriation still making his head fuzzy. He read more, their content all similar, vague, but Hux started coming to a horrible conclusion; his father was a part of some sort of group that killed werewolves. And judging from these letters, they killed a lot of them. A clap of thunder made him jump and something fell from the folder. He picked it up with shaking hands. It was old, its edges tattered, but there was no mistaking it... It was a photograph of a small toddler in dirtied play clothes. His hair was a mess of dark, disheveled curls that fell over his doleful, brown eyes. Hux turned it around. On the back, written in familiar, neat handwriting; "Ben, 1992" Notes: Ahhhh! I hope you're all enjoying the story! It's starting to come together! All feedback is immensely appreciated! Like always, feel free to follow me on tumblr! It's shameless kylux content, but I upload art there as well! (Including concept art for this story!) Werewolf-kylo-ren.tumblr.com Chapter 8 : Afraid Summary: Aaauuuggghhh I'm sorry I haven't updated in awhile! Life has been stressful as hell, but hopefully I'll be regular again!!! Hux feels remorse, there's more than Ren hiding in the woods, and Ren's day just keeps getting worse... Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Hux's mind was reeling. He couldn't focus, cursing himself for indulging in his father's whiskey. The rain fell harder, the living room growing darker as night began to fall behind the thick, churning overcast outside. Hux went to the window, biting his lip, knowing that Ren was still somewhere out there... and that he was undoubtedly the little boy in the photograph. The little boy in the newspaper clipping. Ben. His name was Ben... Hux turned, hurrying up the stairs to his room, where he found his pair of boots and pulled them on, lacing them up with shaking fingers. He ignored the wind and rain lashing at the windows as he clambered back down the steps to retrieve his sweater and grab a flashlight from the kitchen drawer, testing it to make sure it worked. It was old and dim, but it would do. He started opening the door, but the wind shoved it open, nearly knocking him over. Hux stepped out and struggled to close it behind him, before starting towards the line of trees, the light from the flashlight illuminating the fat drops of rain in front of him. " REN!!! REN, WHERE ARE YOU?!?!" He felt his voice carried away with the wind as he pushed through the brush. The rain soaked him, chilling him to the bone as he searched in the darkness for those bright eyes. Surely Ren was in his beast form at this point... Hux jumped as a flash of lightning illuminated the trees around him, casting ominous shadows on each other, the clap of thunder following was deafening. "REEENNNNNN!!!" The rain fell in heavy drops, collected on the leaves of the towering trees as he pressed on further into the woods. Hux heard movement, shining his flashlight in the direction of it, his heart racing. "...Ren? ...Ren, is that you?" The movement ceased and there was nothing. Hux shivered and continued marching on, trying to be aware of his surroundings, the storm raging on around him. His stomach lurched as he saw orbs reflected in the shine of his flashlight, followed by more rustling. Hux knew better than to pursue whatever it was, even if it was Ren. Returning to look in the morning when it was light out and, most likely, not raining started sounding more and more tempting... Hux began to turn away, when there was a bright flash of lightning. The world around him seemed to spin, his stomach lurching as, in the brief illumination, he saw it. A massive beast, almost three times the size of Ren, completely covered in dark, matted, wet fur, a twisted, bipedal wolf, it's fangs shining with saliva, eyes on fire as it bristled, snarling, and lunged at him. Hux shouted and scrambled to find his footing, his heart pounding in his ears, feet nearly tripping in the muddy underbrush. The wolf slashed at him, narrowly missing his legs and Hux's adrenaline kicked in, his mind screaming at him to run. Run as fast as he could. Get back to the house. Now. He darted through the trees, hearing the heavy thud of massive paws behind him, comparable to a horse galloping. Hux could feel hot breath on his neck and he swung back blindly, bringing the heavy flashlight back, hearing a sickening crunch and a yelp. He had managed to strike the beast somewhere and prayed it was enough to disable it, at least temporarily. He tried to navigate through the sheets of rain, through the dark trees, his lungs feeling like they would burst from the cold air of the storm. Hux could feel himself slip further and further into the disadvantage of the situation, the feeling of helplessness horribly familiar... As he ducked under low hanging branches and foliage, he was hit with a familiar pang of guilt... The feeling of not being in control, of not being able to fix what he always blamed himself for breaking. It was the same feeling he got when his mother left. The same feeling he got when he received the call about his father. And it was the same feeling he got which led him out here. Pushing Ren away. Kicking him out of the only home he'd ever known because of something trivial. Something stupid, and only because he was drunk. Hux was pulled from his thoughts as he heard the snarling behind him again. So loud, he could hear it over the thunder. Over the wind and rain. " FUCK-!!!" Massive, clawed hands collided with his back, and the wind was knocked out of him as he was tackled to the muddy ground, his flashlight flying out of his reach and illuminating the creature above him just enough so he could see it's horrible face in detail. Scars dug deep into its muzzle, lips raised and quivering as it dug Hux's wrists into the ground, pinning him down without any hope of release. It growled deep in its chest as it's massive, shaggy head lowered, its glistening fangs inching closer to his jugular. Hux squeezed his eyes shut, time seemed frozen around him. This was it... This was how he died. He numbly thought of who would discover him... Maybe the massive creature would just devour him... Leave nothing behind... At least no one would have to receive a call... No one would feel remorse or guilt over his death... Except... The beast reared its head back, baring its teeth and preparing to finish it. Hux took a deep breath and closed his eyes. " I'm sorry, Ren..." he breathed. It was dark, and he could still hear the storm around him. The rain fell in heavy drops on his face. Hux blinked his eyes open when he felt something cold on his chest, heard loud, persistent sniffs. The massive wolf still had him pinned, but was seemingly distracted, it's wet nose pressed against his chest, smelling feverishly. It was the raked skin Ren had clawed him earlier... The wolf was breathing in the scent of the blood, mingling with the rain soaked sweater. Hux swallowed heavily, knowing that there was no use in playing dead, no way to overpower this beast. The wolf growled deep again, lifting his head and bearing his teeth, glowering down at Hux, almost studying him... In a swift movement, he brought his head down, digging his fangs into Hux's shoulder. Hux screamed and writhed below the wolf, kicking and trying to get away. A warmth surged below the gaping maw of the wolf's mouth, hot, sticky blood oozing between his teeth and staining the shredded fabric of Hux's sweater. Hux wailed as he struggled underneath him, the warmth spreading in his chest, he turned and saw the corners of the wolf's mouth curling into what looked horribly like a grin. Satisfaction. His chest heaved as he looked up, simply waiting for death, the rain spattering on his face. He felt his body growing cold now. This must be it... Suddenly, he heard another snarl and felt weightless, his arms freed. The corners of his vision blurred as he blankly stared up, a commotion next to him... but it sounded so far away. Using all the strength he could muster, he lolled his head to the side. Hux's heart nearly skipped a beat when he realized what had happened. The wolf had been tackled from him and was locked in a ferocious confrontation with- "R-...Ren..." Hux whispered. The lanky, grey form was unmistakable. Despite Ren's size and built, he was still tiny compared to the horrible beast, and was easily being overtaken by him. Hux's eyes widened and his stomach seized as he saw the massive wolf rear up and smash into Ren, the smaller beast yelped and stumbled back. Hux sat up, wincing in pain, his vision doubling. "R-Ren!!! REN!!" Hux struggled to his hands and knees. He had to help. There was no way Ren could fight off the wolf alone. He tried to steady his breathing, tried to ignore the pain radiating from his wound. He cursed as his vision began to fade again. Warm... Everything was warm again, burning... He felt his elbows give out and he fell forward into the mud, losing consciousness. _-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_ Ren heard Hux's voice and turned to him, his heart pounding. He was alive... He had to be alive... For now at least, he was alive. In his moment of distraction, the alpha wolf lunged at him again, tackling him to his stomach and bringing his jaws dangerously close to his neck. "Filthy, fucking halfbreed !!!" it snarled. Ren struggled underneath the alpha's weight, growling and kicking at him. He whimpered as the massive wolf brought his giant, clawed hand down onto the side of Ren's face, pushing his head into the mud. "Look at you... Desperate as ever... You can't run with the wolves, so you find yourself a little human..." He snorted mockingly. "You've even got human pants on... How cute..." Ren closed an eye against the mud and grit his teeth, the wolf pressing his head down further. "You're not one of us. You'll never be one of us, "Ren"." The wolf snarled and glared at Hux's lifeless form. "I smelled you on him, you filthy mutt..." he brought his head closer to Ren's ear again. "You mated with him. TIED with him. With a human . And now you're trying to defend him?" "H-..H-he's-.." Ren coughed and sputtered. "He's mine now, half breed. I marked him... Soon, he'll be one of us. A real werewolf." The wolf growled, amused. "And then I'll take him for myself. Hell, I may pass him around, let the pack have their way with him. And once again... you will be alone. As a monster like you should be." His words felt like a venom in Ren's body, causing his blood to turn cold, his stomach to feel sick... Ren struggled against him, weakly. "P-..please-.. d-...please don't..." The wolf raised his proud head. "In the meantime, I suppose I'll have to give you another reminder not to meddle." He snarled and raked his claws down the exposed side of Ren's face, tearing through his grey, muddied features. Ren howled in pain, squirming below him. The wolf released his grip on Ren and snorted at Hux's figure, before charging off into the trees again, his thunderous footfalls fading. Ren was still for awhile, blankly staring ahead, only half aware of the rain slowing around him, the wind finally calming. The sky was lightening around them with the pale blue of the approaching dawn. He could feel the blood oozing down his torn face, mingling with the mud, blinding his one, exposed eye. He could feel it stinging and he tried to blink it out, and as the rain slowly ceased, he curled up and cried softly, his body sore and his face hot, swollen, and bloody. He shuddered as dawn finally came and he began to change back, his fur fading away, claws and fangs shrinking, leaving him feeling, somehow, more vulnerable than before. Halfbreed... Halfbreed.... Ren heard it over and over in his head, like a twisted mantra... His glazed stare found Hux. Suddenly, he didn't feel as numb. Instead, he felt a sudden meaning. Ren shakily pushed himself up from the bloodied mud and crawled towards Hux's unconscious body, his stomach churning as he saw the deep punctures in the other man's shoulder. Hux's breathing was shallow and shaky, and he groaned as Ren carefully lifted him up, holding him in his trembling arms. Ren winced as he steadied himself, blood still dripping down his face as he began to trudge back towards the house, easily finding the worn path unseen by Hux in his searching; the same path little Ben had walked all these years to find solace in the cellar of the old estate. In this moment, Ren felt just as small and afraid... Notes: Thanks for keeping up! I hope you're all enjoying! Find me on tumblr! Werewolf-kylo-ren.tumblr.com (Contains nsfw works!) I'm working on more art to accompany this piece! Notes: Follow me on tumblr! I'm still updating it, but rest assured, it's 100% Kylux trash, with a mix of wuffs. werewolf-kylo-ren.tumblr.com Thanks for reading! (I DO NOT OWN STAR WARS! I AM ONLY A SINNER)