Devastation Chaos. Chaos was all that existed at that moment. Time seemed to have stopped just at the time when Kylo Ren fell defeated in the snow. Blood, wounds, burning flesh. A lightsaber crossed the pale skin of his face. Blue and red. Light and darkness . Pain. Penetrating pain, incurable. Anger increased with each twinge of incessant torture. White flakes falling from the branches of the trees as the sky darkened more and more. Lost in his unconsciousness, Kylo heard a few steps in the distance that were pounding the white mantle on which the Knight lay. A man, a conversation: « Tell the Supreme Leader I located him » « Urgent help » « Serious injuries » That was all he could distinguish between the General's words. His orange hair seemed to light, tinkling with each heavy blink. The cold intensified in the motionless body covered with ragged dark clothes, as he was dragged by his unfortunate companion who carried him with some disdain and disgust. With his aching body, the Knight fell into the arms of tenebrosity getting rest for the first time in a long time. The new base had been improvised quickly just after the fall of Starkiller. People ran in panic from one side to another trying to find traces of life from peers or friends, the floor was covered with bodies of badly injured people and others who wept inconsolably. Among them, there was distinguished a young girl with long brown hair, whose eyes were even darker than her locks. This was highlighted by her pristine attire, an almost fluorescent white. Despite having her hands cuffed and the apparent tension of the situation in which she found herself, her posture exuded an overwhelming peacefulness; sitting in the middle of the hallway, staring at the ceiling above her. A trooper interrupted her serenity lifting her sharply from the ground, clutching the thick chain hanging between the handcuffs surrounding her wrists. The girl did not even bother to ask the person who carried her where they were going, but she was surprised when her feet and her eyes met a boy who was casually wearing a dress similar to hers. Besides clothing, they seemed to share the same calmness. She was struck by the kindness in his eyes, bright green as emerald; also the color of his hair, as grey as ashes, caught her curiosity. The boy gave her a sweet smile but before she could think about the handsome young man or even return the gesture, her armed companion forced her to cross the metal door which had quickly opened before them. A man wearing a black coat and flaming hair received both of them on the other side of the entrance with a strange facial expression. The trooper stood before said man and left immediately without adding a word. The redhead's eyes were bloodshot, and the edge of his eyelids had a purple tint; his pink lips cut from the frostiness. The only visible skin was his face because even his hands were covered with stiff leather gloves. « Hope Shah, delighted to see you again. » « Sir » - Said the girl tilting her head slightly in sign of respect. The first and last time General Hux and her saw one another was no more than two months ago and in a much more tense circumstance than the current one; even if it was unimaginable. « Your services are finally being required. In fact, I daresay that urgently. » - Counted the General as he triggered the handcuffs. - « Our Commander was seriously wounded and our medical staff are exceedingly low because of the large losses we have suffered due to the fall of the base. I could rummage through your academic and employment record and I know with certainty that, despite your youth, you're an experienced doctor. From this moment, you will be responsible for the recovery and well-being of our Commander until his health requires. All our hopes are on you. » Hope froze in place, but found the necessary courage to respond. « General, it's necessary to say that I'm not just a nurse. My qualifications are much higher than the position in which I'm requested, since I work as a surgeon at any level. If you do not mind, I'd rather take care of the surgery to proceed to make the necessary medical operations as it is my field and I feel more comfortable. I'm sure you can find someone else to take my place with the Commander. » General's jaw tightened so much that for a moment she thought it would disengage. Gritting his teeth, the man gave a sort of snort through his nostrils: « Your services have been required by the Supreme Leader himself and his orders are irrefutable. Unless you want to challenge him. » The last sentence was said with a palpable tone of threat, so Hope decided to nod accepting the position that she had been entrusted. Arguing with the First Order was useless, they would always find a way to be right, and if you dared to go against them, they wouldn't have any problem with eliminating you. Hux took a few steps forward toward the door, while indicating for Hope to follow. They went on their way to where the wounded man who was allegedly so important was supposed to be. « All your items are already in the base. As you arrived, we got in touch with your family to inform them of your status. I personally undertook to announce your new position and amicably they agreed to send us all your belongings; both medical supplies as books and notes. You'll have a regular salary and you're entitled to have a numbered outlets throughout the course of your work. We have enabled you a large and comfortable room that you can use at your will. The opening of the canteen will be given once you're fully seated. » Hope listened carefully to what he said, trying to absorb all the possible information. Words came out of the General as fast as steps and just when he finished his plea, both were outside the door of the infirmary. « Finally I have to inform you that any form of disrespect or attack against the First Order shall be damned . I advise you to stay away from any kind of conflict or fight, because your mere presence and behavior will be questioned. Remember that your position in the First Order is expendable. » « Expendable » The word bounced between the walls of the young surgeon’s skull; she was aware that the Order didn't mince words but not so directly. Once the door of the infirmary was opened, Hope had to break through the different beds on the sides of the corridor through which she had to cross to get to the room where the Commander was. The General indicated the way to the cabin, a fairly narrow illuminated corridor. Before she could articulate, the General turned abruptly. « The code is 71378. The access is restricted; no medical personnel are entitled to enter, only and exclusively you. We'll try to make delivery of a droid to help you as soon as possible. If you need assistance or emergency, call me » - said the redhead, handing her a pager. « Everything that happens in here is secret, the First Order fully trust you. » Hope turned to touch the metal edges of the screen in which the code was supposed to be entered. Hundreds of doubts started to grow in her mind but when she turned to the General to ask them, he was gone. She tipped the code with trembling fingers on the illuminated screen, and with a soft sound that seemed like a whisper, the door opened. Chapter 2 : Bloodstains Hope crossed the metal frame with wobbly legs. The room was smaller than previously thought; It consisted of a bed in the middle of the room, two large holographic screens on either side and various furniture scattered in the corners, plus a small sink on top of one of the desks. What separated the hospital gurney with the monitors was a thin translucent curtain that foreshadowed the badly wounded silhouette. The temperature inside the room was stable, but the sound of the ventilator raised the hair on the back of the doctor’s neck. Hope approached to the pallet taking small steps while stretching her arm to fend blinds, discovering what lurked behind them. With a shrunken breath, the girl watched her dying patient who was covered to the neck by a cotton sheet, which was dotted with large bloodstains. Uncovering him carefully, Hope was able to discover the dreadful state in which his body was in. Some of his wounds were still fresh and fully exposed; bright blood still coming out of them. While others had small incipient crust filled with infection, obvious due to the foul smell that came off them. The rest of the bed cover had absorbed the plasma, forming large patches of brown. The staff responsible for transporting him had not even bothered to wipe the dried blood around the wounds, they had simply taken the trouble to clothe him in some underwear. The half-naked Knight wore his hair in a clumsy attempt of a braid, to prevent the strands from brushing against the huge gap in his face, but there was still blood in the front hairs which was stuck in knots. Luckily, he had put the dropper and an oximeter with a thimble on the index finger of his left hand, responsible for recording the amount of oxygen in the blood and pulse observed on the meters. His blood pressure was quite low, so he would need a transfusion. His skin seemed rather cadaverous, adding to the dark tone that had taken his full lips. She turned to a strange electronic sound she heard behind her to discover a small illuminated holopad. Holding it in her hands she came over and gently pulsed an arrow that pointed continue. On the screen appeared a medical record that indicated it belonged to the patient. « KYLO REN » appeared in large letters at the top of the screen. So little she had heard about this strange being. So little that she didn't even know he was human. And yet, what people were talking about was not good. She had some record of his shallow mercy and cruelty, but Hope always thought that their paths would never cross, due to the different destinations in life they both had. But there she was; in front of the man who, despite his grave complexion, was not much older than her. A man child she’d dare say, even if those words were reproduced only in her mind. Her thoughts turned to her parents: What would have been their reaction if they had learned that their only daughter was now working with the heir of their greatest enemy? Would they feel disappointed? Would they fear that the First Order discovered that, in their youth, they had been part of the Rebel Alliance ? Instantly making that thought, Hope opened her eyes in an exaggerated manner. Her father knew that the force users were able to read minds without hardly make much effort, you could even possibly not notice if they were digging inside your head. This meant that the Dark Knight might have heard that word and now she was in a dangerous situation. Still back to him, she turned her head slowly over her left shoulder to discover the Commander still unconscious. Hope closed her eyes and expelled a sigh of relief. She watched the vital status of the patient before grabbing her medical utensils and beginning the healing process of the burns. Hope took a small bowl and filled it with warm water to clean the torso and the face of the gentleman which were stained with dried blood. Once cleaned, she placed on each of the different types of unguents in the wounds to help disinfection and promote proper healing thereof. While doing the cures, she took time to observe the damage that Kylo Ren had suffered. Blaster and lightsaber; the wounds of this type were unmistakable in her eyes since she had treated them hundreds of times on different patients. The peculiarity of these ones were that they were deeper than usual. He also had other small cuts on his hands and neck. The doctor took a large roll of bandages and covered all wounds properly, making sure the bandages shouldn't come loose easily. This process was a little more complicated because of the weight of the Commander, which doubled Hope's. Still, he didn't awake from his anesthesia. Finished, the doctor took back the datapad to see what his blood type was. « A positive, we seem to share something. » She said with a small smile Hope looked around the room and found a small refrigerator under one of the tops. She opened it and took a bag from inside, the blood matching the Knight's. Heading back to the side of his bed, Hope replaced the anesthesia pot already spent by the bag. Watching the blood ran through the transparent cord, the doctor was satisfied with her work. It had been three hours since she first came in, but she had the strange feeling to just had finished entering. Hope leaned against one of the counters at the right side of the bed, stretching her arm to take the beeper Hux had given her. She wanted to inform him that the worst part of the job was already done, also that it was necessary that the qualified staff change the sheets, because they were in a disgusting state. But before she could write the first word, she heard a pained noise coming from behind her. Hope kept the object in the pocket of her dress, as she turned to meet the half conscious Knight. He recomposed himself in his seat while studying the face of the woman before him. Hope raised her hands in a symbol of peace before speaking. « Hello Commander. My name is Hope Shah, the doctor responsible to assist you in your recovery process. Now you may feel quite dizzy from the anesthesia, but the effects will pass in a few minutes and everything will return to its normal fix. Anything you need will be provided. I am at your complete disposal. » The man didn't answer, he didn't even ask where they were. But his eyes widened in a worrying way and his chest began to rise and fall sharply due to his heavy breathing. « Too much information » Hope thought. Before she could react, the man raised his arm, punching her in the nose. Hope suddenly fell to the ground, hitting her back on the knobs of the drawers of the cabinet behind her. When she looked up, she saw how the Commander tore down the needles of the droppers from his arms as he got off the stretcher with astonishing skill and lightness considering the state in which he was in. Stretching his arm, the door opened and he started running away, raising panic in the nurses and patients who were on the other side of the medbay. Hope rose from the ground as she could, with one hand holding her bloodied and sore face. She ran after him, followed by the terrified eyes of those present. When she walked out the front door of the infirmary, she saw how six men tried to bring down the man who was screaming with great despair. Unknown arms went around her back; embracing her tightly to keep her from falling as they turned her quickly, but she managed to see how General Hux came through one of the wings of the hall and, taking a syringe from his pocket, he proceeded to plunge it in the neck of the agonizing man without any consideration. With her face twisted, Hope listened as the man screams vanished slowly as the stranger's voice whispered: « Everything is going to be alright » Notes: Comments, kudos and bookmarks are appreciated !