“I do not think it is a good idea,” the master of the Knight of Ren explained. The unmasked man was sitting on the edge of their bed, his back to his partner. Jonnah Ća Ȏng was a slight force sensitive that he had met during a mission for Supreme Leader Snoke a handful of years ago. Sometime after he had learned the truth, after Vader showed him the true path. “It’s fine,” Jonnah replied, dragging out the last word. He was currently messaging a friend of his whom he was planning to go out with that today. “If the Resistance learns of your existence- “ “Kylo,” Jonnah replied interrupting, looking up at the dark mass of curls before rolling his brown eyes and getting up. Crawling over to turn his lover over, Jonnah showed him a reassuring smile. The sight, his lovers sprinkling of freckles always adorable to Ren. “Kriztoph isn’t interested in the war or anything, he won’t say anything.” Forgetting himself for once, Jonnah added silently ‘He’s only interested in getting into Luke Skywalker’s bed.’ Kylo practically gave the other young man whiplash with how fast he moved. “He knows Skywalker’s location?” The question was phrased more as a screaming order, something that Jonnah did not take well to. Immediately sensing the heightened stress within his lover, Kylo’s shoulders dropped. Breathing back his anger, for now, he pressed a kiss to the shorter man’s forehead. Later, after Jonnah had left he could release it via torturing the troops. “I’m sorry, love. The thought of those Resistance bastards getting their hands on you, or worse my uncle using you for his own gain- “ “Kylo, I promise we’re gonna be fine.” Returning his knight’s action, Jonnah quickly kissed Kylo’s lips. The ever constant spark from their touch echoing through them. The younger man, by several years, stood to get ready until Kylo pulled him back down onto the bed. Specifically, onto his lap, the younger man fitting quite perfectly between the strong thighs of his companion. “The fuck! I have to get ready!” Ignoring Jonnah cries, Kylo brushed back Jonnah’s short black hair to place kisses on the pale skin. Since coming upon the young man, Kylo had kept him mostly hidden within the Finalizer. Only during short furloughs was Jonnah taken off the damned ship, not that he minded much as long as he was able to keep in contact with his family. More importantly, if he was able to keep in contact with his youngest sibling who Jonnah absolutely adored above all others. Kylo allowed it- as he would allow practically anything for his love. Within reason, of course. The Sith apprentice gradually allowed Jonnah off ship with Kriztoph, after thoroughly interrogating the blonde. According to Kriztoph, a more powerful Force Sensitive than Jonnah who found Ren’s style of interrogation altogether distasteful and painful, claimed it had tingled. Jonnah was fairly certain Kriztoph was insane. “When is he scheduled to arrive?” Someone, though the blonde always refused to say who, had gifted the grey Jedi with a quite advanced starship. When he tried to find out who- the ship was incredibly advanced so its maker had to be of some importance- the grey Jedi just grinned. The question was always followed by a Force message of disturbingly heavy breathing. Unfortunately, because Ren had never met his grandfather, he never caught on. Jonnah never had the heart to tell his beloved. He also wasn’t entirely sure if the ship had actually been a gift from Lord Vader or if Luke’s lover had stolen it. Frankly he did not want to know. “In about 2 hours.” Was all Jonnah could get out, the things Ren did with his tongue altogether incredibly sinful. And distracting. “He’ll just have to wait. I’m sure he can entertain himself by annoying General Hux.” Neither of them spoke again, save for a handful of moans from Ren and shouts by Jonnah. The straight haired male had been fairly quiet at first, likely embarrassed. Ren changed that as quickly as he could. Reminding him that, as master of the knights of Ren, he could have anyone. But the only one he wanted in his arms and in his bed was Jonnah Ća Ȏng. Notes: Nope this isn't the Star Wars drabbles or TWD update. I just needed to do something fun and silly like this, okay?