The engines of the command shuttle roar vigorously as they enter the planet’s atmosphere. Heavy raindrops connect with the durasteel walls of the ship and it starts swaying as several wind gusts bring it threateningly close to being pushed off course – an alarm goes off, ‘Severe Weather Warning’ keeps popping up on five screens, accompanied by furious flashes of red. Power cuts and sparks in some places on the control panel. “Ren”, General Hux utters impatiently, and the noise is silenced by the press of a button and the pull of two levers. His eyes flick to the radar, which is lighting up too irregularly to be working correctly. The ground beneath his feet is vibrating when Hux reaches out and tries to reset it for the third time. The air in the cockpit is still thick with the silence that had spread between the two of them after leaving the Finalizer for this dubious assignment four hours ago. It’s for the best, Hux had decided after the first hour had passed excruciatingly slow, to not talk about any of it. No discussing details, no making plans, no sharing of expertise, no asking questions and definitely no expecting pragmatic answers. No sort of activity that included him making an attempt at or an indication towards having a decent and productive verbal exchange with Kylo Ren. Even though the subconscious urge to make sense of his situation had persisted throughout the whole flight, he had refused to actually try and initiate a conversation until now, knowing it would include using Ren’s knowledge about Snoke to fill at least some of the gaps. After all, he is only interested in receiving answers and has no intentions of sharing anything the Supreme Leader had said to him in private with anyone, especially not with Ren. Not that Hux could expect something like constructive input from someone who considers hand-waving, mind tricks and throwing tantrums expertise . He can still feel the incredulous look Ren had given him, or at least what it must have looked like under his mask, when the massive holo of Snoke had dismissed him while ordering Hux to stay. Only once before had he caught a glimpse of Ren’s face, during one of their audiences in their old holo-chamber on Starkiller Base, and that hadn’t been anywhere near enough to memorize it clearly. Dark hair, an alarming lack of scars and deformations that Hux hadn’t expected. Young. That had been about it. He had imagined Ren pouting under that helmet, he remembers. It would have matched his ridiculously youthful appearance. Pouting, sulking, probably wondering what it could possibly be that his Master would keep from him, his most loyal apprentice , but share with the General. It had filled Hux with a sense of petty self-satisfaction, to see Ren leave in confusion, yet it had also made him anxious. Something like that had never occurred before. Kylo Ren has failed , Snoke had said, and so have you . Hux’s only reply had been a miserable silence, one that he can’t help but cringe at in retrospect. He should have said something. Yes, he had failed, but he had also lost everything. His life’s work had been destroyed, reduced to ash in the span of less than a day and it had left an emptiness within him he was not sure could be filled again. Snoke had stated it so casually, like he was reminding Hux of something he’d forgotten. Like he was reminding him of a report he hadn’t finished in time, like a tired teacher would reprimand an inattentive student – doing his job because it needed to be done, not because the student’s progress or future mean anything to him. While Kylo Ren is my apprentice and his fate lies with me, the path you will take is uncertain at the present. Your role in this remains to be seen, General. I will give you this last chance to prove to me your worth, to show me you still possess the potential I once sensed in you. This will be the first step, a necessary one to take to reestablish the First Order and crush the Resistance, to bring an end to the abhorrently chaotic ways of the Republic. Luke Skywalker has been found, but it is not too late. It had ignited a disgusting little spark of hope in Hux, the thought that he might not have failed the Supreme Leader completely. He wanted to firmly believe that there was still a chance to set things right, then, so that was the second he’d started clinging to that belief. And with more confidence he had told Snoke that he would accomplish any mission he would set for him and that he would not fail him again. Good , the holo had commended, with a kindness so false it had chilled Hux’s blood. You will accompany Kylo Ren to a place that has long been forgotten, but is crucial for us to seek out. I made sure he has a task at hand. He will know what to do, and there will be no need for you to interfere with his duties. As my apprentice, he has disappointed me greatly, and I am soon to decide whether he is still worth my attention. And then: When the time has come, I will leave providing a judgement on this to you. Hux considers this moment one of the many points of no return he had faced in his lifetime. There had been plenty; Like when he had, at the age of eight, finished that little gadget he’d invented, only ever using it to pulverize Yellow-barred Heliconians and fireflies. Or like the moment he got his acceptance letter from his father’s academy. Or the moment he gave the order to extinguish millions of lives with the press of a button. Supreme Leader, I’m not sure I understand. My task- Your task is simple. It might be seen as challenging, in a way, this is true. But likewise it is a generous chance I am bestowing upon you. Surely, you have identified it as such. I still have faith in you and your exceptional sense of perception, General Hux. You will examine Kylo Ren’s condition and his behavior. I wonder whether you, too, will see the disturbance in him that I have seen. You will know when his final task has come, and you will be able to tell the difference between failure and success. Is he to emerge triumphantly, he will be redeemed with my mercy and will return to my side. Is he to miscarry the deed, I trust you will see to him personally. You are a clever man, General. You know that I will not allow another inconvenience. If Kylo Ren provides me with another failure, you will make sure it is his last. Pride. Pride had been the first thing he’d felt at knowing the Supreme Leader trusted him with this, still confided in him after the collapse of Starkiller. Relief had surged through him at not being executed or exiled right away, but above all he’d felt a massive satisfaction at being granted that kind of power over Kylo Ren, of all people. The idea of mighty beings at his mercy, of controlling seemingly uncontrollable forces, had always appealed to Hux in a way he could not quite explain if he had to, and now he was in charge of someone who was more mysterious, more reckless, more unpredictable than anything or anyone he had ever had the chance to encounter. Snoke’s apprentice, on Hux’s leash. He’d relished that image momentarily. And then, realization had hit. Supreme Leader, what if the – the job. If it cannot be performed. You yourself made sure Kylo Ren has enjoyed formidable training. He is, due to your help, an excellent warrior, almost impossible to overcome- If you still value your life, General, you will find a way. The holo had vanished after that and had taken with it the indifferent face of Snoke, a dull wall and darkness replacing it. Hux is torn from his thoughts when the shuttle lands unsteadily and with a jolt. Next to him, Ren’s breaths come in short intervals, sharpened by his mask’s voice modulator and quickened with the effort of landing the shuttle without crashing it. Admittedly, anyone might have had trouble landing a ship under these conditions, but Ren is not anyone and Hux is feeling himself becoming unreasonably annoyed with him already. A little rain shouldn’t have made him lose composure so easily. The result of being too sure of oneself , Hux thinks to himself when the engines slowly die out and his pulse starts normalizing. Huffing indignantly at the thought of Ren probably being proud of something so trivial, he unfastens the seatbelt he had unconsciously tightened at some point and gets out of his seat to fetch his bag. It had not been easy to decide what to take with him on a mission he basically knew nothing about. Snoke had reassured him they would not need to worry about nourishment, and that had been all. He wasn’t given any information on the planet’s weather conditions, or the planet’s surface, or the planet’s size, or its inhabitants. Hux had guessed that it would not be a task completed within a day, as they were instructed to take along a tent, so he’d packed essentials, for one. There’s not much he’s allowed to possess as a member of the First Order, anyway. The period of time they’d spend there would be ‘determined by the amount of effort they are willing to expend and the dedication they are ready to muster’, as Snoke had put it, at which Hux had needed to restrain himself from asking for a more precise answer – not planning ahead has never been part of his vocabulary and it makes him twitchy thinking about it, always has, since childhood. The sound of the relentless rain still fills the shuttle when he searches his large backpack for a raincoat. There had been just enough time for him to change into a pair of more sturdy shoes back on the Finalizer, which is why he is, much to his discontent, otherwise still in his uniform. The impulse to check whether he remembered to bring his blaster grips him, and suddenly it feels like one of the many field trips they would do at the Academy: Hux repacking his bag for the fourth time, going through his mental list, his stomach clenching when something was missing, the cold sweat while being berated yet again for not bringing his cadet’s armband, or his cap, or his weapon. Scott Lown with his followers in tow tossing him his items after the practice, advising him with the most derisive grin to take better care of his stuff. Hux growing paranoid, on constant watch for his belongings, his vigilance only resulting in the other boys taking his things by force. But this is no Academy field trip, Hux is no longer a cadet, Scott Lown is dead and each of his items is in place. Mern, Isk, Grek, Herf, Trill. He takes a deep breath and repeats the words for a second and a third time, his heart rate slowing as it usually does after this little ritual of his. He puts on the grey raincoat, snaps the clasps of his bag shut and makes for the control panel to lower the disembarkation ramp, but stops abruptly when he notices Ren still sitting in his commander’s seat, not having moved an inch. Mask directed at Hux and breathing now even, he makes no sign of getting up, just lounges there in silence. Hux is seething before he can help it. “I was under the assumption that it was in your interest to get this over with as quickly as possible. You will have to leave your seat in order to accomplish that.” Ren cocks his head, then, and Hux isn’t sure why he is so offended by the gesture. “I need to determine the way we will take, unless you already did that, which I doubt. I have to sharpen my senses, my understanding of this planet, in order to accomplish that ”, comes Ren’s distorted reply. Hux is certain that this is the true task that was intended for him – an ordeal. A torturing test of patience. Spend a few days with my apprentice, and if you don’t lose your mind and strangle him before he completes the mission, you win. Good luck. He can feel his nails digging into his palms even through his leather gloves and heat rising to his face. It’s so easy for Ren to get to Hux like that, too easy. He’s thinking about aborting this mission and they haven’t even left the ship. “How long will this -- sharpening of the senses take?”, he inquires as calmly as he can manage, composing himself before he can lash out. “I’m finished”, Ren replies lightly and gets to his feet in one swift motion, passing a fuming Hux in order to get the remaining bag. Counting to three internally, Hux nearly slams the button to activate the ramp. The gate opens with a hiss, allowing the noise of the rain to become even more tremendous. Ren is still watching him when they start moving, now with his hood up and lightsaber attached to his belt. Hux itches to make a snide remark, but Ren is quicker. “You have been dying to ask questions since takeoff. I sensed an uneasiness about you, General. But you didn’t give in, with your pride in the way, I assume. I’m impressed by your obstinacy, nonetheless.” Hux raises his brows. “Don’t pretend this is nothing out of the ordinary, Ren. This is not just another assignment, even you must have realized that. Of course I have questions, there’s barely any information to start with. And if having a conversation with you weren’t such a tedious task in itself, I would have even asked them. I have learned not to expect too much of you, however. Apart from that, there is really nothing I can do except going with -- whatever this is.” The mask shields any visible reaction from Hux’s view, but the short silence that follows is answer enough for him. This is how it’s going to be for as long as they stay on this planet, and Hux is preparing himself. He will not make this easy for Ren - who growls at him, apparently lacking any more witty retorts. “Just follow and keep quiet.” Hux knows better than to start another argument now. They leave the shuttle in silence, fat raindrops immediately drenching them. The air is clean and crisp, the ground soft and muddy. It smells of moist wood and faintly of moss. Hux looks around; they’ve landed at the edge of a forest which Ren is now starting to approach. It looks nothing like the forests Hux remembers from his childhood on Arkanis, nor really like any other forest he’s ever seen – the trees are immense , so high that their tops are swallowed by fog and so thick that it would take at least fifteen people to embrace their trunks. His gaze roams and eventually lands on the broad, cloaked back in front of him. He already hates this, all of it. Having to rely on – no – being dependent on someone like Kylo Ren in a situation like this is something Hux considers an all-time low. They walk for a short while, neither of them speaking another word. The rain gets less intense the farther they advance into the thicket, until it’s mostly dry and the numerous layers of leaves are only occasionally penetrated by little droplets. The storm still rattles the branches, but at least the thunder has stopped when they reach a flat, mossy patch. It’s nightfall already, earlier than either of them had expected, and Ren suggests they set up their camp here for the night. “I detect no living creatures in this area. This place is safe. I feel it.” Hux gives him a wary look. “Proceeding at night might harbor dangers I can’t foresee. Trust my judgement on this”, Ren snarls when Hux is about to protest. “But we have barely walked for ten minutes--“ He is hushed by the sound of the tent unfolding and pitching up all by itself after being tossed unceremoniously onto the forest ground. It has a basic look about it; one might think it’s made of simple Polyskin, but Hux knows better. Thanks to excellent economical connections, The First Order provides the most resilient equipment, the tents being no exception – Hux even recalls giving the order to have them tested and optimized after their delivery. Flexisteel elements had been added, a layer of durafiber and a thermoweave skin, keeping out most of the cold. He’d been pleased with the changes. However, the last thing he is willing to do now is to get into this tent and wait. “Ren, sleeping is a waste of time when we’re clearly bursting with energy. We have only just started. I want to get this done – “ “Well, Hux ”, Ren spits, his anger so tangible it sends shivers down Hux’s spine, “you’re certainly not the only one who wants to get this done. You may go look for some firewood, if you need to put all that energy to good use.” “Don’t be absurd. Your way of doing things has never gotten us anywhere in the past, and it won’t get us anywhere now. You clearly haven’t thought of a plan, don’t think I haven’t seen through this.” Ren’s fists start shaking and Hux gets more uncomfortable with every second that passes. He swears he can hear him grit his teeth. “You obviously haven’t seen through anything . The only option for me is success. I need to make this work, finish this task, which requires staying alive. Staying alive equals not going through this forest at night. Is that plain enough for you to understand?” “You did get the idea that this is no ordinary mission, then. Why so tense, Ren? What’s the subject of this ominous task you’re so anxious to finish?” Hux approaches him, unimpressed. Ren straightens his back, visibly tries to will the anger away but fails. “You will see”, he hisses, stepping into Hux’s personal space, “You will see that I will complete my training and return to the Supreme Leader victoriously. But you? I still don’t see of what use a General is, in this. I admit that I have no idea why Snoke burdened me with your presence. As a punishment, perhaps? But I will not let any of this get in my way. You are no more than a slight inconvenience on my way to redemption.” Hux stands, rooted to the spot, eyes narrowed. He’s glad that he doesn’t have to look at Ren’s face, most likely contorted in fury. Or a pout. He doesn’t know which he’d find more embarrassing. “You think this wounds me”, Hux states evenly, unable to keep the corners of his mouth from lifting, “You think – You think your opinion of me means something to me. Keep living in that little world of yours, Ren, but don’t expect it to make things easier for you, or for us both. Keep telling yourself that you have no other choice – I can already see you changing your mind in one of your fits of temper, taking the nearest escape to get back into Snoke’s lap-- “ An ear-shattering sound then rips through the quiet of the forest and shakes the ground. Even through the trees, they can see sparks lighting up the sky in a relatively short distance. Hux jumps away from Ren in shock, a wave of dry heat colliding with his face. Ren appears alarmed as well. They glance at each other, and when realization hits them at the same time they start running into the direction they came from. Ren briskly ignites his lightsaber, bathing their surroundings in its menacing, trademark red. The air has gotten considerably colder and burns in Hux’s lungs while his feet seem to carry him on their own accord. A wall of flames greets them as they arrive at what’s left of the command shuttle, fire spitting and crackling as though it isn’t still raining excessively. Hux watches, out of breath and half-blinded by the water pooling at his eyelashes, as the last remnants of their transport collapse with an awful scrunching noise. Pieces of debris are scattered all over the grass. He peeks over at Ren, who stands frozen to the spot, lightsaber humming. There’s nobody there – they’re on their own. The soft glow of the fire dances across Ren’s mask as Hux mentally notes yet another point of no return. Chapter 2 Chapter by MissUnderstood When Hux wakes the next morning, patches of sunlight are flitting across the tent's surface. He can’t remember the last time he woke up to the faint rustling of leaves and the smell of grass, having spent years aboard various kinds of ships, rarely ever disembarking. He's not entirely opposed to it - spending the night outside - though if he has a choice, he very much prefers his private quarters on the Finalizer. Where no masked menace can kill me in my sleep , he adds as an afterthought, and almost smiles at the exaggeration of this notion. He should leave the melodrama to Kylo Ren. He thinks of their walk back to the tent after they watched their only chance of leaving this planet burn to ash. An unspoken sense of finality and the gravity of their situation had silently hung between them, and Hux could only guess that Ren had not expected this, either. Snoke did it , Ren had declared, He wants me to know that there is no point in running from this. He’d sounded bitter, Hux had thought, slightly disappointed, even. The indication that Snoke hadn’t put it past Ren to flee and betray him must have stung. Not that Hux had minded. The temperature had fallen below freezing point by the time they had reached their camp, and they had slipped into the tent immediately. Big enough for three people to fit, still too cramped for Hux's liking. Especially when he had to share it with someone like Ren. They had built up their bags like a wall between them, so when they both lay down, neither could see the other. For a short, ridiculous second, Hux had assumed Ren was going to leave his mask on while resting, but after a few moments he had heard a clicking sound, a soft hiss. There had been moments, after that one audience, when Hux had questioned his own memory, unsure whether it had really been a human face he had seen - the briefness of their encounter had left enough room for misinterpretation. But after Ren had taken the helmet off last night, after the electric lanterns had been turned off and the rustling, modulated breaths of the mask had been replaced by a gentle, most definitely human intake of air, Hux couldn't help but feel slightly relieved. It doesn't change the fact that Kylo Ren is unpredictable and dangerous, of course. However, it's proof that he's also vulnerable, mortal. A weapon, but in the end no more than a man - an immature one, at that - if one were to strip him of his powers. Hux wonders what kind of person he’d be if the only thing he'd have left was his rage. Only then does he notice that the tent is utterly quiet, and that Ren is not next to him. He has the brief impulse to call out for him, slinking panic rising in his chest until he realizes that both their bags are still pressed to his left side and that Ren is probably just out for a walk - or whatever it is he normally does after getting up. It’s not like Hux knows anything about his post-awakening habits, or about Ren in general. He might not be sleeping at all. Hux would not be surprised, though the thought bothers him. Missing out on something Ren does or doesn't do and failing in his duty to constantly observe him is not an option, the Supreme Leader is counting on him. So he gets up, positive that at least this day can't possibly turn out more nerve-wracking than the last one, and changes into a sage green uniform he hasn't worn in a very long time. He'd first worn it as an officer when he'd been in training and had become so accustomed to it that he had refused to give it away after he had climbed up in rank. Strictly speaking, getting new uniforms while keeping the old ones was against the rules, but he's the son of Brendol Hux and sometimes that had been excuse enough. This uniform has always been his favourite, being very comfortable and improving his agility. Also, it had been the first uniform he'd worn after he'd burned his cadet's robes. And the diary , a voice in his head offers, and Hux's chest tightens abruptly. He deserved it , another adds. Not now . Mern, Isk, Grek, Herf, Trill. Hux is sweating by the time he's fully dressed - for one because the tent is slowly heating up from the seemingly very intense sunlight, but also because these exhausting thoughts keep resurfacing for reasons he hasn't quite figured out. In fact, he'd gotten rid of those memories a long time ago, or so he thought. He didn't expect they would – could – still irritate him to the point of feeling physically sick. On the other hand, it must be on his mind all the time, if only subconsciously. His little calming technique makes sure of that, a constant reminder of what happened. However, he’s always managed to keep the sentiments at bay and the toxic memories repressed, somehow. Now, he sees them as clearly as though all of it took place an hour ago, and desperately tries to shove them back where they came from. He blames it on his agitated mind, stressed out by this whole situation, most likely overloaded. Hux’s former life, the Finalizer, Snoke, the Resistance, all of it seems too far away all of a sudden, insignificant. He can’t trust anyone now but himself and the Supreme Leader, but since he has no idea how to contact him, he is basically on his own and has to keep his thoughts under control. This task requires mental stability , Hux keeps reminding himself, because your key to survival is essentially a mind-reader . Staying sane will take a lot of effort, as Hux is sure that Ren’s presence will be more counterproductive than anything when it comes to maintaining mental health. He huffs angrily at the thought and leaves the tent. First, he gives in to the feeling of being engulfed by humid, yet soothing warmth, then he takes a look around. The surroundings seem a lot friendlier and less intimidating in this light and with the fog gone, Hux can make out the tree’s tops. Filing them away as the tallest ones he’s ever seen, he listens intently for any sound that could suggest this place is inhabited. When he hears nothing except for the distant chirping of birds, he lets his eyes roam in search for Ren. He finds him not too far behind the tent, sitting on the ground with his legs crossed. His black robes in a pile next to him, he sits there with his back straight, unmoving, and while he’s still wearing his absurd helmet, a black undershirt and a simple pair of black pants and boots is all that is left of his pseudo-imposing outfit. Hux takes a few steps in his direction, dead leaves and little sticks crunching beneath his feet, making a clandestine approach impossible. Ren is probably sensing his presence anyway, so Hux doesn’t bother tiptoeing. The closer he gets, the less he can fight acknowledging that the man’s physique is considerably— well, impressive isn’t the right word for it, but Hux can’t seem to come up with a better one. It was to be expected, judging from the time he apparently spent training and his dynamic combat style, but still it fueled Hux’s annoyance with him – the possibility that maybe at least Ren is grossly disfigured underneath his costume seems more far-fetched with every step he takes. Just wishful thinking, after all. Hux deliberately clears his throat when Ren shows no sign of acknowledging him, even as he comes to a stop right behind him. He waits a few seconds, staring holes into Ren’s infuriatingly muscular back. Already growing impatient, he clears his throat a second time. “Ren.” Nothing. They have no time to lose, and Hux won’t be ignored like that, so he makes the inconsiderate decision to lean forward and harshly tap the shoulder in front of him. With a sharp intake of air, Ren startles and turns around so abruptly that Hux takes a quick step back, worrying for some reason that Ren might not recognize him in time and jump at his throat. Instead, they stare at each other for a few moments, Ren still panting in shock, and Hux is appalled by himself. Wonders what has gotten into him - to just go ahead and touch Kylo Ren. It seems like the most lunatic idea he’s ever come up with now that he did it, and regret is already settling in. “Get a grip, Ren, it’s just me—“ “Who do you think you are to interrupt my meditation? Are you out of your mind?” “How am I supposed to know that sitting on the ground while barely breathing is a ritual of yours? We need to decamp, we’re wasting time.” “You don’t understand any of this”, Ren breathes, swiftly getting to his feet, “do you?” The sight of him leaves Hux baffled, for a second. Some black curls are carelessly peeking out of his helmet, and even without his robes he takes in more room than should be allowed. Like Hux, he seems to have disposed of his gloves - his bare hands are curled into fists, infecting the rest of his body with their tenseness. His stance resembles the one of a beast preparing for the kill. Moles are scattered across his arms and back, the movement of his chest heaving now visible with the many layers of clothing gone. To put it another way: Ren embodies the most unnerving mixture of attributes Hux has ever witnessed. He tries to think of a retort, but Ren interprets his short silence as an invitation to continue. “Without the meditation, I won’t find the way. In this state, I’m being shown my path, and it is close to delirious to just rip me out of it. So, for your sake, stay away if you see me meditating and continue being a bother elsewhere.” Gradually it dawns on Hux that Ren must have held back during their time spent on the Finalizer. There had been snarky comments here and there, or subtle orders directed at Hux where there shouldn’t have been any, occasionally Ren might have even cut Hux short and created embarrassing situations. But never like this. He’s leisurely throwing insults around like he’s talking to a subordinate, like he has forgotten exactly whom he is facing so disrespectfully. He might have just stopped caring since they’re technically off duty, and their involuntary working alliance had presumably been the only factor that had kept him from attacking Hux head-on. The anger management issues are nothing new either, but still something about Ren is changed. There’s something about him that Hux hasn’t experienced when interacting with him before, something he suddenly recognizes despite the mask still covering Ren’s expression. “Ren, are you nervous ?” Quite frankly, Hux didn’t mean to state it so bluntly. Had he thought it through before voicing it, he might have even decided not to combine his presumption with a derisive sneer. As it is, his nose is almost touching the cold metal of the mask when Ren lunges out and violently grabs Hux’s collar. “If you can’t wrap your mind around my methods”, Ren hisses, the voice modulator sizzling, “then feel free to spend your days in the tent, making your fancy battle plans and moving around some toy soldiers on a game board. Not interfering with the real work is the least you can do, so stay. Away .” Every part of Hux orders him to stand his ground and keep an indifferent attitude, however as it becomes harder and harder to breathe and mortification slowly causes his face to heat up, it’s his turn to get angry. “Unhand me. At once .” His hand reaches for his pocket knife, embarrassingly unsteady, but it freezes mid-air. Ren huffs a mirthless laugh. “You wouldn’t dare.” The knife flies easily out of its pocket and into Ren’s free hand. Hux is fighting everything at once now - the urge to gasp for air, his eyes starting to mirror the panic he can’t help but feel, the acute humiliation, letting the implication of what Ren is saying get to him, thoughts about Snoke’s orders. His pulse is thrumming in his ears, his hand is prickling from the effort of trying to wrangle it free from Ren’s force-grip. Still, he manages to spit a reply. “If you want me to leave - let go - immediately.” And Ren does. Hux stumbles backwards, takes a deep breath and adjusts his collar. Shoots Ren a hate-filled look. “This is not going to work”, he says breathlessly, struggling to regain composure and constraining himself to appear unaffected, however difficult. He means it - all of this has been doomed to fail from the start, but what are his options? Where can he go? Nowhere. His place is with Ren. Even unspoken and merely put together in his head, these words make Hux sick to his stomach. Frustration takes over, seeps through him like poison, and before he can think of a more sophisticated way to express his indignation he turns around and stomps off. Pathetic , he curses in his head, This was absolutely pathetic . He tries not to think of what his father would say when he enters the tent, angrily takes a few gulps from his water bottle and prepares some instant-bread, unable to recall when he’d last eaten. Anxiously remembering that he doesn’t know what time it is, he tries to activate the data-pad he brought and finds that it’s not responding. Forcing himself to calm down, he consumes the stale-tasting bread in three bites and hurries outside again to brush his teeth as soon as he’s finished. The water feels pleasantly cool when Hux splashes some of it on his face, soothing his burning eyes. He already misses his refresher, his bed, his routine . This whole ‘living in the moment’, as in, operating without either proper sense of time or orientation, is already beginning to give him a very hard time. And on top of everything: his assignment. The assignment he had successfully shoved to the back of his mind until a few moments ago, when Ren reminded him with an invisible grip that translating it into action would be, in fact, a suicide commando. On the one hand, Hux will have to use every second he has to concoct a plan, a tactic, to get it done should the need arise and Ren fail his final task. On the other hand, he can’t mull over it too often, because Ren might read his mind or sense his sinister intentions. He might have done so already. Hux cracks his knuckles to stop his hands from shaking and tries to focus. He tells himself he can do it, reminds himself that their mission has only just begun, that he has mastered more difficult, more complex, more mentally demanding tasks. Knight of Ren or not; it won’t matter. The people Hux had to put down before were more often than not considered stronger and more influential than him, right until he proved them wrong and took their position. It’s a necessity - stopping at nothing. Without it, you’re unlikely to achieve your goals, or be a general at 34. More serenely now, he starts gathering their belongings - which turns out to be dealt with quickly since Ren doesn’t seem to have unpacked anything from his bag - and empties the tent. When he’s done, he gives the striking-loop a curt tug, and the tent slumps down before rolling itself up to its original form. It has gotten rather hot in the forest, the absence of wind only contributing to Hux’s discomfort. Just as Hux is about to check for imperfections in his packing, he becomes aware of Ren approaching him. Brilliant , is his first thought, Don’t relent is his second. However, there’s nothing menacing about the way Ren is moving, nor about his posture. He’s almost strolling, and his mechanical voice is even when he starts speaking. “There is a river, not far from here. Many of its kind seem to run through this place, but we will seek out the one from my vision and follow it. What comes after is still concealed, it hasn’t been shown to me since I was interrupted, but-” “I realize it was an unwise move, alright? Nevertheless, you should have informed me. Let us just leave.” To his surprise, Ren says nothing in return and instead makes to grab his bag. The journey after that is uneventful, to say the least. The landscape never changes, there’s not even a hint of a conversation and the heat is getting more stifling with each minute that passes. Their march takes significantly longer than the last time, as far as Hux can guess they walk for at least three hours without stopping to take a break. Enough time to ponder over what may lie ahead. What could Ren’s final task be? Surely, it can’t be a fight, because a failure would mean Ren’s death - accordingly, there wouldn’t be any need for Hux to get rid of him. There is something he needs to find, and there will be some sort of test, that much is already clear. A test of alliance, of affiliation, to Snoke. Maybe it will weaken Ren to the point where finishing him off won’t be much of a challenge, or maybe Hux is yet to discover Ren’s crucial blind spot that will help him do it in no time. Something about it still doesn’t add up to Hux, however. Why does he have to come along as the examinator? Doesn’t Snoke share some kind of transcendental force-connection with Ren? Won’t he feel Ren failing or succeeding first-hand? And, most importantly, why did he send Hux, as someone not only unacquainted with but also more than sceptical towards everything force-related, when it would take Ren less than a hand movement to find out about their conspiracy against him? Hux had seen and heard Ren do it dozens of times, prisoner after prisoner, and each time he would get the results they needed. Sometimes it would take minutes, sometimes hours, but each time Ren would leave the interrogation room and would smugly deliver valuable information. Except for that one time, with that girl, Hux remembers too well. Pictures of the day he found Ren in the snow come to his mind, bleeding, unconscious, right arm at a bizarre angle, a deep scar blemishing his face. An image that had given Hux second-hand embarrassment. Later he had learned that the girl had done it, that it had been her who had wrecked Supreme Leader Snoke’s apprentice and had apparently gotten away without so much as a scratch. Hux had been genuinely impressed; Ren’s recovery had taken almost two weeks. And now Hux is feverishly wondering how she did it. Perhaps she really is an exceptional fighter, but that can’t have been her sole key to victory. Right before he had seen Ren’s face for the first time, he had heard him talk to Snoke about her, undeniably intrigued with her powers, but Hux doubts she used her charms to induce his downfall. Ren might have been injured before their confrontation, or he might not have been concentrating, let himself be tricked into surrender- The desire to just ask Ren about it is growing immeasurably, but dies quickly when Hux weighs the possible outcomes. Ren will either tell him the story or choke him like he did this morning, and Hux doesn’t have to think twice about which of these options is likelier to happen. Regardless of what exactly took place that day, Ren had been put in his place by someone he had obviously underestimated and it had pleased Hux immensely. It means it has happened once, so it can happen again. As long as he keeps cool and collected, Hux persuades himself, he can find a way out of this, a way back to his old life. With or without Ren. By the time the river comes into sight, they’re both out of breath and drenched in sweat. Hux’s uniform clings tightly to his skin, his feet feel like they’re no longer part of his body and the ground swims before his eyes, but he’s far from admitting any vulnerabilities. Ren has not once taken his mask off during their walk, hasn’t drunk a single drop of water, so Hux can get over a little dizziness. Even here, isolated and down for the count, he cannot help but make something as essential as hydration a competition, Ren’s mere presence provoking him to do so. They stop then, and Hux’s stomach drops. At first glance, the river is dry. For a moment, Hux is paralyzed with dread. He didn’t anticipate this. He will, sooner or later, need to refill his water bottle, and he will also need to wash, he won’t endure this without it, no, he won’t survive this without at least some water. Snoke said they wouldn’t need to worry - Alarmed, Hux carelessly drops his bag and hurries over to the riverbank after it falls to the ground with a thud. He bends over and glances down, expecting friable soil - and instead finds his own reflection staring back at him. Not believing his eyes, he blinks a few times and peers more closely. A shoal of fish floats past beneath him - no, swims, Hux corrects, still perplexed. He turns around and checks for Ren’s reaction, only to find him sitting on a rock nearby, obviously unimpressed. Hux feels childish for even considering to ask, but his curiosity and his fascination are getting the better of him. “What’s wrong with the water?” Ren regards him silently, then picks up a thick branch next to his feet. “There’s nothing wrong with it”, he says, pulling out Hux’s pocket knife, positioning it at the broader end of the piece of wood. “It’s almost completely translucent.” “It’s pura-water”, Ren explains somewhat impatiently, as though Hux has been pestering him with questions for hours. He seems to realize that, and continues, to Hux’s astonishment. “It is said to vitalize when consumed and heal when applied to wounds. A belief once spread amongst Jedi, so I guess it only worked for them. They thought it sacred. The water was already a myth when I learned about it, rumoured to have vanished, dried out for good. Many have searched for it, to no avail, of course - now there’s only one Jedi left, and I imagine he would be beside himself with joy if he knew about this river.” Hux ponders that for a moment. Ren doesn’t hide his disgust when he speaks, and Hux actually believes him. One of the very few things he knows about Ren is that he has “both light and dark in him”, as he had overheard Snoke put it once when he was very likely not supposed to. Even though Hux can’t make much of that information, it does tempt him to postulate theories about Ren’s origins. Light side of the force, dark side of the force, he’s familiar with these terms, as nonsensical it may seem to him. Ren was introduced to the First Order as the Jedi Killer . Now, Ren is supplying Hux with Jedi knowledge. There is every indication that he might have been a Jedi, who somehow turned into - whatever Kylo Ren is, now. Betrayed his old Master, and pledged himself to Snoke. However, the last Jedi to train a generation of Padawan was Luke Skywalker, so - Ren was probably - Though it startlingly makes much sense, Hux decides not to waste more thoughts on it. He couldn’t care less about where Ren came from, or why he became what he is, which is why he forces himself to stop questioning it. So rather than demanding to receive intelligence about how Ren knows anything about that water, he reverts to his original inquiry. “Is it safe for me to go in there?” Ren looks up from his stick, stilling his cutting movements. It’s an oddly disturbing sight, watching Ren do something as mundane as carving. He should be - well, Hux doesn’t know what he should be doing instead, but definitely not acting so comfortable when Hux clearly isn’t. They critically examine each other for a moment, then Ren simply turns around on his rock, facing away from the river, and resumes his work. “Do whatever you have to.” And with that, Hux sheds his uniform without second thought. He has already come to terms with the fact that this awful situation will call for drastic measures on more than one occasion, so he might as well start getting used to it now. Commanding Ren to leave will earn him nothing but mockery, walking until he’s out of Ren’s field of view will most likely result in him collapsing from dehydration or him suffering a heat stroke. His only option is to make the best of it, do what benefits his condition, therefore increasing his productivity. He can’t concentrate on his task as long as he’s sweat-soaked and on the brink of dying of thirst. And, after all, what’s so wrong with providing Kylo Ren a chance to possibly see him in only his underpants? Absolutely everything, a voice in his head concludes bitterly, and Hux struggles to ignore the fact that he’s about to lose his dignity and make himself vulnerable in one of the worst possible ways. After he’s folded his clothes and stacked them to a neat pile, he cautiously lowers himself into the stream, sneering when his feet touch the muddy ground. The water reaches up to his waist and is satisfyingly cool, filling him with new energy immediately - not the force-energy, he presumes, but still he feels vitalized in a very pleasant way. He splashes some onto his face and drinks greedily, the sensation of renewed vim only intensifying. The liquid feels or tastes no different from ordinary water; Hux wouldn’t mind if it did. Standing in the midst of a river he can barely see is unlike anything Hux has ever done, and he can’t say that he dislikes it. The fish brushing his legs every now and then are disturbing, but apart from that Hux is sure he could spend the rest of the day just standing there, thinking about where the river would lead them. If it weren’t for that masked manchild causing him an inexplicable internal pressure to be quick and discreet with everything he does, Hux would doubtlessly do so, but as it is, he steps out of the water after only ten minutes of refreshment. Ren still has his back turned on Hux when he makes for his bag to change into dry clothes. Halfway there, he notices the absence of one of his boots - he must have left them at the riverbank, in his haste - and walks back, the awareness of his state of undress quickening his pace. He reaches down and startles slightly as he hears a sudden and sharp intake of breath from behind him. Too fixed on his task to get back to his rucksack, he doesn’t pay it further attention at first, relieved when he finally puts on a pair of fresh trousers. It’s then that he dares taking a look at Ren again, who’s now crouching and looking down at his hands, one of them still clutching the stick, and the other - Hux’s mood improves significantly when he realizes that Ren has cut himself. It seems so unlike him, and clumsiness isn’t a feature Hux would have ever associated with Kylo Ren, yet the thick, deep red droplets falling down his left hand prove that apparently, he was wrong. Hux itches to exploit this. He suddenly doesn’t care that he’s still topless, too caught up in this sense of gratification that reminds him of the times he was allowed to witness Ren being reprimanded by Snoke. “What are your senses telling you, Ren? Are we staying here for the night?”, Hux calls out louder and snarkier than actually necessary, forcing a reaction from Ren. And he gets more than he hoped for. Ren straightens his back, looks over at Hux most likely by reflex, and regards him fleetingly. At seeing him, he averts his head so quickly Hux thinks his neck might snap from the movement. “ No ”, Ren replies heatedly, “we are not. The days here are short, and the temperatures change rapidly. Nightfall is in approximately two hours. We will follow the river downstream as long as the weather will let us. So. Get your bag.” Hux raises his eyebrows, but does as he’s told. He can’t suppress the smirk that spreads across his face. “You should apply a bandage to that”, he says casually as he pulls an undershirt over his head and tries his best to brush back his damp hair, “I won’t have you bleeding all over my equipment.” Ren bumps angrily into Hux’s shoulder when he storms past him to lead the way, and Hux can’t imagine a more satisfying way this could have gone. Chapter 3 Chapter by MissUnderstood Whatever Hux expected Ren to do with his little self-made spear - it wasn’t that. Shiveringly, he watches from a short distance as Ren wades through the water, every once in a while impaling a fish with rapid precision. It does make Hux feel useless, to some extent. All he can contribute to their supper are various kinds of instant-meals, none of which are substantial or overly enjoyable. At least he succeeded in finding efficient firewood and even managed to ignite enough sparks to light it. Ren had watched him intently, probably wondering where Hux had learned to do that, but just like Hux at seeing Ren carve, he had known better than to ask. Talking about their lives before Snoke or the First Order is dangerous territory, and Hux is glad that they both seem to be equally aware of this. An unspoken rule, so to say. Like Ren had predicted, it had gotten dark around them after they had put up the tent, and the bitter cold had promptly started seeping through Hux’s boots. Wrapped in two jackets, he now sits on a stump near the fire and watches sparks fly as he pokes around in it with a branch he found nearby. Even though he despises fish, he’s looking forward to having his stomach filled, annoyed by the hunger-induced cramps he’s had for the past hour. The air around him fogs when he exhales slowly, and he wonders how Ren can function without any additional clothing. Hux stares at the back of his black helmet, internally ridiculing him for still wearing it. He cannot possibly see this through to the finish, he has to take it off at some point, and if he doesn’t, Hux figures he will make him. It has absolutely nothing to do with Hux’s insufferable curiosity, it’s common sense . He’s human, he’ll need to eat. Hux has not once seen him do so. He startles slightly when Ren slumps down to the ground across from him, trousers still dripping wet, gloved hands already busy with placing the spear with the skewered fish on top of the stones Hux put on each side of the hearth. His brow creases when he takes a closer look at the fish, unable to identify their species. “You already gutted them”, Hux notes unbelievingly, suddenly very anxious that Ren might ask for something in return or not share them with him at all. “Something told me you wouldn’t do that”, Ren says plainly, turning the spit. For the first time, Hux doesn’t have a witty retort. If he boasts about how of course he would do it or if he taunts Ren for considering this a difficult task, he’ll end up having to do it next time, and he’s far from putting his hands anywhere near the insides of a fish. If he insults Ren, he might not get his share of food and will have to revert to his own supplies. Consequently, his solution is to glumly watch Ren roast the fish with a most likely bright red face. Hux has almost completely blocked out the cold by the time their meal is done, and he only half-notices Ren getting to his feet. “Leave half of them. I’m eating mine later.” With that, he stalks off, but Hux is beyond questioning it. His mind is focusing almost exclusively on relieving him of those hunger pains, and it doesn’t take him very long to finish up his part. As soon as he feels satiated, exhaustion sets in. Hux’s eyelids feel too heavy to keep them open for a second longer and his mind struggles against the - presumably very reasonable - idea of waiting for Ren’s return. What do you care about his quirks , Hux thinks as his tired feet drag his more or less cooperative body to the tent, There will be another day to solve the great mystery that is Kylo Ren. He drifts off into an uneasy sleep as soon as he’s wrapped tightly in his sleeping bag. When he wakes again, he doesn’t know for how long he’s slept. It doesn’t feel like he slept at all really. Hux feels anything but well rested. It’s still dark, and his eyes have difficulties adjusting at first. He’s shrouded in an eerie quiet, still on his own in the tent, and can’t yet figure out what caused him to wake up. Unsteadily, he gets up on his knees and tugs open the zipper at the tent’s entrance to glimpse outside. Harsh, chilly night air immediately hits his face and his eyes start watering - the forest is bathed in a cold, blue light, illuminated by what might be a moon, or more than one. The fire is burnt down, steam rising languidly from its remnants. The leftover fish are gone. Hux squints, looks over to the river, and then he sees him. Dark, wet hair is covering his face as he seems to be staring down at his hands, his bare upper body reflecting the bluish light, making it almost appear like he’s the one radiating it. His breaths come in rigid, erratic huffs, and he’s shaking in a just barely visible way. And when Hux reckons things can’t possibly get worse from there, Ren lifts his head and meets his gaze. He’s not shaking from the cold, Hux realizes at observing his face. He’s upset. Not exactly bawling his eyes out, but looking panicked and confused in a way that makes Hux wish he had not gotten up at all. Black curls frame wild, brown eyes, some of them astray and sticking damply to his forehead, long nose, lips that doom him to look like he’s constantly pouting. This Ren looks even younger than the one Hux remembers seeing at the audience, younger than the one he saw with his split face turned away from him in the snow. Hux would have never guessed that he would live to see all of Ren’s face, and now he has more time than he’d like to regard it because Ren is showing no sign of averting his eyes any time soon. It’s now irreversibly etched into Hux’s memory, this image of Ren’s odd face in the blue gleam, and he knows he won’t be able to forget it now even if he tried. As dark as the forest may seem, Hux sees Ren as if it’s in the light of day. He doesn’t know how long the eye contact lasts, just that it lasts too long to not be unsettling. Unsettling is really the only word that comes to Hux’s mind, to sum up this whole encounter. He wants to say something, do something, but finds that he can’t help but keep examining the mess that is Ren’s face. It’s the type of unconventional that makes Hux nervous, as anything out of the ordinary does, but at the same time he can’t look away. The pouty mouth is no surprise at all, is fitting, really, the moles are, too. His skin is almost as pale as Hux’s, looks soft, unblemished - Unblemished. Hux’s heart skips a beat. Ren’s face is supposed to be disfigured. Torn in two. There should be a deep scar ripping it in half, yet there is none. This means something, Hux knows, but his mind is unable to make sense of anything with Ren still staring wistfully at him, trembling hands held out in front of him. The silence gets more overwhelming with each second that passes, and Hux feels his face heating up despite the bitter cold. The tension eventually becomes unbearable, and Hux hastily retreats into the tent. He should not have watched this. Ren will make him pay, Hux is sure, Ren will not let him get away with having seen him so vulnerable. Hux’s mind is reeling, coming up with nearly every possible way Ren could make him suffer, until he falls asleep about an hour later. He would think it through again in the morning, and he would analyze the situation thoroughly and interpret it correctly. He dreams of Ren’s face, blue and close to his own, sorrowful eyes directed at him as he feels an invisible grip tighten around his throat. *** Hux wakes to dry heat and a headache. There aren’t as many trees near the river so the sun must have been heating up the tent since dawn. It’s straining to move, get up, get ready for another trip, but Hux does it anyway in no time. Ren is nowhere to be found yet again, though Hux doesn’t bother looking for him this time. Their encounter from last night seems far away, surreal already when he slips into his boots and starts his newly adopted morning routine. He could brush it off as something that happened and won’t happen again, as just another weird thing Ren did to annoy him and test his patience. He could forget about it and move on, leave Ren to his unfathomable internal struggles and keep in mind to report to Leader Snoke as soon as he has the chance. However, as they resume their journey some time later, Hux realizes after the tenth stolen glance at the side of Ren’s helmet and the ensuing checks on his gloved hands that he won’t be able to let it go so easily. They refuse to talk to each other, and the tension from the night before has not lessened in the slightest. Hux has his theory. But first, he’ll have to see Ren’s bare hands, and have another look at Ren’s face, too, just to be sure he hasn’t imagined things. If Hux finds no scars, he’ll consider his theory confirmed. It’s the only truly logical explanation he can come up with - Ren’s wounds were healed by the pura-water, because he used to be a Jedi. Or still is, partially, Hux wouldn’t know. Maybe he went into the river to go for a swim, not expecting the water to have any effect on him, and then he watched his scars disappear, and was shocked. Upset. Embarrassed? Though, as far as Hux knows, Ren uniting both light and dark in him is the trait Snoke values most, so why would he be irritated by seeing actual proof for his greatness? Hux grits his teeth. Poor, powerful Ren, so conflicted all the time. At least Hux doesn’t let it get to him. Or, doesn’t show that it gets to him anyway. Ren told him nothing about their destination this time. They’re still following the river downstream, but there is nothing but dead leaves and more trees in sight. Hux genuinely wonders how long it will take them to get where they’re meant to go. Days? Weeks? He knows he could not stand continuing this for longer than a few weeks. He is doing his job, though - last night’s events are very worth mentioning to Snoke, in terms of Ren’s loyalty. His past should mean nothing to him. He should be proud of what he represents as Snoke’s apprentice, not tremblingly staring at his hands on the verge of tears with those odd, wide eyes. It’s only reasonable to wear the mask, from Ren’s perspective - without it, he can be read so easily, every emotion displayed plainly on his features. A cold facade that gives nothing away is something that Hux acquired very early on and is, secretly, something he is very proud of. It has always proved to be of huge advantage, has only ever made him less assailable in arguments or fights. It’s also very useful in combat. Only very rarely does he let it slip. In private, if at all. The air is stickier than it was the days before, and they actually take a break from walking after a reasonable amount of time has passed. Hux decides to also take a break from piecing together the most absurd speculations about Ren - it doesn’t contribute to an improvement of his mental condition in any way and is essentially an enormous waste of energy. He knows he needs to calm his mind and his senses, it’s the only way to make it out of this disaster as a sane person. Still, Hux is nervous. He itches to see Ren’s face, against his better judgement. It’s irrelevant, it wouldn’t have any real impact on Hux, it wouldn’t even have any real impact on their mission. And yet. “Why exactly do you feel the need to hide behind a mask?”, Hux blurts out before he can help it, taken aback by his own sudden aggressiveness. Ren, who sits cross-legged on the soft ground, raises his head at the question. The effect is immediate - his back straightens, sensing a conflict. Hux is self-composed. Whatever Ren is planning on doing, Hux has already evaluated the possible outcomes. “You claim to be powerful”, Hux starts evenly, “yet you use this helmet as a hiding place. This is not real strength, Ren.” That’s when Ren stands up. “I’m dying to hear how you would know anything about real strength, Hux.” “Well”, Hux says, showing no reaction other than raising his brows, “you are obviously unable to control your emotions. Whatever you’re thinking or feeling, it shows on your face, unguardedly. Real strength means learning how to prevent that from happening, not having someone build a mask to cover it up. It’s no more intimidating than it is evidence for your general incapability.” It’s obvious that Ren is debating with himself whether to attack Hux or do nothing. The first option would, more or less, prove Hux right, the second would let Ren appear weak. Hux knows he should not find this so amusing. “So you’re suggesting to become an indifferent, empty shell such as yourself? I’m not interested in that. Power originates in emotion. In hatred, above all. I’m lucky to be forced to drag you along, in that sense.” “I’m disappointed, Ren. You’re very predictable.” Hux grabs his bag and searches for his empty water bottle. “I know you like to do things the easy way. I should have known that there’s no point in challenging you.” He gets up, walks over to the river, fetches fresh water. Behind him, he hears a click, a soft hiss. When Hux turns around, he is greeted by the wild, dark eyes and the black hair he remembers, only that now both are free of unnecessary moisture. Ren’s unmodulated voice is deep when he speaks, and colder than Hux expected. “I have a challenge for you, too. Try to reduce the stares you give me every two minutes to a total of three per day. You’re not being as subtle as you think you are.” “Don’t flatter yourself”, Hux shoots, heart pounding, “having seen you now in this light is enough mediocrity to remember for a lifetime.” With that, he grabs his bag energetically and stalks away from a vicious looking Ren. Who does he think he is? That just beat everything. Every two minutes? Ridiculous. Apparently, Kylo Ren is not only dim-witted, but delusional . At least, Hux is one step closer to receiving the answers to his questions - there was no scar on Ren’s face, meaning that he had observed correctly. Too affronted to even look back to see if Ren is following, Hux keeps walking for a while, mind mostly blanked out by the embarrassment he felt at being called out. He made him take the bucket off, at least. The farther he’s walking, the more he comes to terms with the fact that he’ll not be able to risk another look at Ren’s hands today. It’s starting to get cold again, much earlier than yesterday, and Hux swears internally because that means they’ll have to settle down sooner. He’s already growing impatient, feels like they’re not making any progress at all, is waiting for the moment Ren admits to having no idea where they are nor where they’re going. The big reveal might be yet to come: It was all just a huge joke, at Hux’s expense. The joke’s on you. Hux halts abruptly. He’s not sure whether his brain just made that connection automatically or whether somebody actually whispered it to him - he feels distinctly sick, suddenly, and tries with all the concentration he can muster to listen closely for another sound. Yet there is nothing but his own hushed breaths, which are meanwhile forming to little clouds with each exhale. Hux remembers saying that particular sentence, and he wishes he wouldn’t. He can’t think of this now, he knows he has to find some sort of distraction, quickly. He’s gone, he’s dead, there’s no real evidence he was ever alive. Mern, Isk, Grek, Herf, Trill - Before he can repeat it, his eyes are drawn to something moving in the distance. Hux squints, trying to figure out if he’s hallucinating or not - there are little spots of light lazily glowing like stars, slowly floating around seemingly mid-air. Dawn might be playing a trick on his eyes, but he welcomes the change of view too much to dismiss it as a delusion. He doesn’t need to order his body to move, his feet already start carrying him towards the lights by their own accord. There’s a voice calling him, but it’s far away and Hux doesn’t understand what it’s saying anyway. His pace quickens, and his heart leaps when the lights are slowly recognizable as head-sized, hovering spheres. There are about a hundred of them, and they’re scattered on a tree-less, roundish field. A thin layer of snow is covering the ground, reflecting the warm gleam the lights radiate. It’s quiet at first, but the closer Hux gets, the more vivid they become - whispers. Coming to a halt, snow crunching beneath his feet, he finds himself in the middle of the field, unsure how he got there, though he doesn’t really mind. He’s there, that’s all that counts. Fresh snowflakes land on his face, his neck, his still bare arms, yet he feels warmer and safer than ever. Cheery laughter melodically fills the air, a child’s voice Hux recognizes as his own. A woman starts singing; Hux knows it’s the voice of his mother, the real one, not the pathetic excuse of a woman his father decided to spend the rest of his miserable life with. He’s only met her once, at the age of four, after having annoyed his father into allowing a meeting. It was the most joyful day of his life, he remembers. She told him stories, took him on a stroll, and gave him a feeling of belonging he hadn’t experienced up to that point, has never again experienced after that meeting. And now she’s singing, begging him to stay a little while longer. His father’s idea of praise, Hux recalls, were firm pats on the shoulder and a matter-of-factly spoken I knew you’d be good for something one day . Hux would soak the phrase up each time, draw on it for days. It now comfortingly rings in Hux’s ears and he feels a hand patting his shoulder, over and over and over until it feels like a steady, encouraging grip. He stares deeply into one of the spheres, doesn’t know what he’s searching for, but trusts his knowledge that it’s there, somewhere, all he has to do is reach out and touch - The air is knocked out of his lungs when the grip on his shoulder violently pulls him backwards. He’s grabbed by his upper arms and is spun around by someone he vaguely realizes must be Ren. He yells something, but his voice is muffled by the sudden, blind rage that rises in Hux’s body and makes his blood boil. “Get your hands off me! Immediately !” “No, Hux! What do you think you were doing ?” Hux feels the intense urge to wrangle free, get back to the light the only command he can understand and is willing to follow. “ Let me go ”, Hux hisses, baring his teeth. He starts trembling, or Ren might be shaking him, he can’t tell. “Hux!” Everything is a blur, and the rage is growing with every second. Hux feels tears prickling in his eyes, but is too caught up in his anger to hold them back. He kicks Ren’s knee, even draws a small wail from him, yet to no avail in terms of freeing himself. Hux leans in, his face inches from Ren’s. Takes in the widening eyes, the shock in them obvious. “You can’t take this from me”, Hux spits, “the first thing resembling happiness in years. Leave me here, I could not care less what becomes of you and your mission. I did not know it was possible to hate someone the way I hate you-” The grip loosens, and Ren takes a step back. Before Hux can turn around to get back to the light, he feels the back of a hand strike his cheek full force and his head connecting with the biting cold of the snow-covered ground. In a haze, he can hear the whispers slowly dying, for a few seconds, everything is black. His face is wet and he tastes blood. The beginnings of a headache make it even harder to have a clear thought, so Hux doesn’t move, tries to yell but only manages to groan. When his body is harshly picked up from the ground and carried away, he’s just barely aware of it. He feels very cold, suddenly, empty. Like someone ripped the last remnants of joy left in him right out of his chest and replaced them with nothing. He closes his eyes, and only opens them again when he’s being put down to the ground. It’s free of snow, not exactly warm but still comfortable, in a way. His hand grabs for something to hold and he feels dirt and leaves between his fingers, sensation slowly returning to his arms and then the rest of his body. He hears footsteps close to his ear, the tent rustling as it unfolds. He manages to lift his head a bit and watches Ren kneeling down next to him. “Don’t move.” Hux complies. “What happened?”, he asks, somehow he doesn’t really remember. Ren doesn’t answer, just gives Hux a look he can’t interpret. Then, Ren reaches out and grabs Hux’s chin without warning. Hux swats at his hand, or at least he tries to do so, but the abrupt movement makes his head spin, so he let’s his hand slump down again and lies still. Waits. Gradually, he’s coming back to his senses, and his brain resumes its work - this is not good. This is horrible. He’s lying on the ground, a coppery taste in his mouth, his memories of recent events are gone, Ren is touching his face . Panic-stricken, Hux feels that his eyes are burning - the way they usually do after crying. No. No, no, no . His hasty attempt at sitting up is thwarted by Ren pushing him back down. “I said don’t move.” “Tell me what happened. Right now.” “You let yourself be lured by Fairlights. You almost got yourself killed , is what happened!” Ren is furious again. Hux remembers the lights, remembers staring at them. “Fair- What? I don’t see how that could have happened -” “No, that’s right. You don’t.” Ren tilts Hux’s head to the left, then to the right. Scans his eyes until Hux is uncomfortable. “I was just examining them -” “You were about to touch one when I found you. That would have bound you to it, and you wouldn’t have been able to let go after that. The rest of them would have swallowed you whole. Fairlights are devious creatures. They lure their prey by showing them things. Visions, or sounds, or memories. Of whatever they long for, but can’t have.” Hux doesn’t know what to think. Ren’s voice is softer, less accusing when he’s explaining things. And his face looks different. The expression he’s wearing as he checks Hux’s eyes a second time is almost - Hux might still be groggy from the light incident, but Ren’s expression is almost compassionate . Like he cares about what happened. For some reason, Hux is more than relieved that Ren isn’t wearing his mask. Which makes him wonder- “How come you weren’t lured, Ren?” “They fear force-users. I could have drained them of all energy with a wave of my hand. But I don’t need their filthy matter inside of me or anywhere else, people have gone insane trying to absorb it.” Hux bites the inside of his cheek - and remembers something else. “Why am I bleeding?” Ren lets go of his face and scrambles for something in Hux’s bag, which he doesn’t recall taking with him, or leaving somewhere. “Let’s say I readjusted your mind using - the necessary means.” For a moment, Hux just gapes at him. “I cannot believe this. You assaulted me.” “It was inevitable. You weren’t responding to the other techniques.” “Ah, yes. And which other techniques did you try, exactly? You could have made me lose consciousness with that force-trick of yours, I’ve seen you do it with prisoners.” And then, Ren actually has the audacity to lift his eyebrows in fake astonishment. “Yes. Now that you say it, I could have.” With that, he throws Hux his water bottle and gets to his feet. Hux blinks a few times, dares propping himself up on one elbow. It works, surprisingly, and he’s only slightly sour about Ren’s reply. Hux wonders where this would have gone if Ren hadn’t followed him, if he had chosen to ignore Hux and go on with one less burden in tow. “Why did you do it? You might have profited of my death.” Ren gives him an odd stare. “You can’t die yet.” He frowns, hesitates before he continues. “Snoke’s orders.” Hux watches him vanish into the tent, then. He is not prepared for the wave of fatigue that hits him afterwards - he craves sleep like never before, suddenly, and accepts that he’s too tired to process any of this. Had he known that Scott Lown would invade his dreams tonight, he would have reconsidered and not gone to sleep at all. Chapter 4 Chapter by MissUnderstood “Now, would’ya look at that”, comes the drawl from behind him, and Hux tenses. He shouldn’t be in this corridor, at this time of day. Hux has checked his timetable, thrice, and he should not be here. But he is, and Hux wants the ground to swallow him whole. If he keeps walking, maybe Lown will change his mind and harass one of his other targets. “You can’t talk your way out of this one, Hux. Stop running.” Hux turns around. He’s not surrounded by his usual crowd at least. “You try too hard, Lown”, Hux says, suppressing his anxiety the best he can, “You can try to beat me up again. You can have me beaten up by someone more intimidating than you. It won’t change the fact that you’re being thrown out of this school at the end of the year.” “Ah, yes. Little Armitage made sure of that. Your dad really was displeased at hearing the news - his perfect son, mistreated by the mean Scott. He made it very clear that my career, that my hopes of a glorious future, have been permanently destroyed. I was top of our year, Hux. Was that what made you do it? Or did you just enjoy having daddy pat your head and tell you you’re a good boy after your report?” Hux sees Lown very clearly, his brown eyes, his sharp features, his blond hair. The hideous freckles that don’t match with the rest of his face. He looks even worse than his ugly sister. “This is not anywhere near what you deserve.” Hux approaches him. It doesn’t feel right - doesn’t feel like something he planned to do. “What you did to me. I will make you pay. You humiliated me, from the second we first entered this school, you made everyone else humiliate me, and I see now that I can’t let you get away with this.” “Oh. Now I’m curious.” Hux doesn’t know when or why they got this close. He has to bring an end to it. “I know things about you, Lown”, he starts, watching the face in front of him drain of all colour, “things that will make you regret ever laying your filthy hands on me. I found something, something that taught me that there are bigger things, too powerful to be comprehended by someone like you. You will see - and that’s a promise - that I’ll be on top, in the end, and won’t even remember your name. The joke’s on you.” That’s when Lown starts laughing, and the sound chills Hux’s blood. Something changes - his voice doesn’t feel familiar like it did in the beginning of the conversation. “We both know that’s a lie, Hux. What you did still haunts you. I’m still there, in your head, after all these years. And you didn’t even let me tell you. I was ready to admit it, that day, I wanted to confess, because it destroyed me-” “Shut your mouth! It wouldn’t have changed a thing! I don’t regret doing it, Lown, I’d do it again just to relive the pathetic look you gave me right then!” “You would have spared me. I know you would have. But you didn’t give me the chance to explain.” Hux feels too many sensations tear at his insides - dread, repulsion, panic, hatred, guilt - and it makes his head spin. “Hux”, Lown whimpers, teary eyed, like he’s in pain. “Hux-” “No!” “ Hux ! Wake up !” He tears his eyes open and finds himself lying in the tent, drenched in cold sweat, sleeping bag nowhere to be found. A disturbed looking Ren is staring down at him, his hand quickly retreating from Hux’s shoulder. Hux sits up - too quickly, apparently. He’s close to being sick, sees stars for a second, but manages to gather himself. He’s panting heavily, needs more, fresher air but doesn’t dare move, afraid he might throw up if he does. It takes him a few moments to realize that it was a nightmare, though it was by no means an ordinary one. No nightmare has ever provoked such a physical reaction, let alone this immense fear he can’t get rid of. His left cheek burns - he doesn’t need to ask why. His throat feels too tight to let in as much air as he actually needs. “What was it?”, Ren silently inquires from behind. It sounds childish, in Hux’s ears, foolish. Honest. “A nightmare, obviously”, he utters, “nothing worth spending a second thought on.” “You were screaming.” So much for the cool-and-detached attitude Hux was trying to keep. There has to be a way out of this, a way to make it look like this is all part of the plan. But Hux has difficulties coming up with one, especially since he’ll have to figure out how to stop shaking and calm his respiration first. Lown’s imaginary presence still looms over him, and he can’t shake the feeling off that he’s there with them, in the tent, breathing down his neck. He isn’t worth all this nonsense, he doesn’t deserve being remembered, being thought of, or being feared even beyond death. Hux hates himself for it, for being so weak. His father had been right - Hux can talk, can deliver a fine speech here and there, but he’ll never be a man of action. Can never be dreaded, when he himself is still so full of dread. Hux buries his face in his hands to hide that his eyes are welling up. He can absolutely not be seen crying by Ren, not again. It’s humiliating enough as it is, and he’s glad he still hasn’t fully digested the gravity of recent events. Not being able to remember anything is a curse and a prodigy at the same time - it deeply disturbs him how he apparently lost control over his mind and body, yet judging from what Ren told him, he’s relieved to have lost all memory of it. Yet again, Hux wants nothing more than to vanish, right now, right here. He knows he won’t, and he knows he can’t, that much he promised himself long ago. He will not take the easy way out, ever. Considering that Ren is with him, he’s not sure there even is an easy way to do anything. Hux wipes at his eyes with one of his sleeves, combs back his damp hair and rests his head on his knees. Very slowly, he’s composing himself. “I could make you faint.” Unsure whether he misheard, Hux looks up - waits for Ren to elaborate. Or ridicule him. “With my force-trick . As you called it. You’d wake up after a few hours, you wouldn’t dream.” It can’t have been easy for Ren to suggest that. Admittedly, Hux is mildly shocked. Of all the things Ren could have said, it’s this, this offer. Hux knows he must have woken him, and he must be in need of a few hours sleep as well, and might just not want his peace interrupted by ear-shattering screams. It makes the situation all the more embarrassing. “No. I’m fine, it’s nothing.” He lies down swiftly, all the while trying to hide his face from Ren, fails. The subsequent rustling of Ren’s sleeping bag tells Hux he’s gone back to sleep as well. The lack of hostility or offended huffs leaves Hux wondering what exactly just happened. Ren just provided something that was not spoken venomously, snidely or cynically. There is a chance of him being too tired to really care about what he’s saying, yet there is also a chance of him plotting something. Hux craves an explanation, but decides that it can wait until after he’s had some decent amount of rest. Something still doesn’t feel right, though. “I apologize for waking you”, he mumbles, the words tumbling out of his mouth before he can help it. He still feels out of place, but better, in a way. It’s oddly quiet. Ren is holding his breath. ~*~ Hux has gotten used to waking up on his own. It bears no discomfort anymore - it’s reassuring, if anything. He knows that Ren is somewhere outside, sitting around and being shown his path or whatever he may call it. If he’s being honest with himself, Hux has no idea how to act in front of Ren now that he has seen him at his worst low in years. He hasn’t wept like an infant in front of anyone since he was a teenager, and he knows very well why. It was the biggest faux pas he’s allowed himself so far - he can not, under any circumstances, let it happen again. There is much Hux can read into Ren’s abnormal behaviour. Again, most of his theories are of a conspiratorial sort. Though, as hard as he tries, he can’t diminish the small, misguided part of him that interprets Ren’s gesture as an offer of help that had nothing to do with his own shady interests. A repulsive notion, weak, Hux reminds himself. Ren’s intentions are of no importance to Hux until he has actual, concrete proof that he intends to harm him in any way. Hux would not be overly surprised if he did, the feeling of dislike is most obviously mutual. His jaw still hurts and his face prickles in several places. He touches it lightly and decides to shave today. The sound of stray raindrops falling on the tent momentarily diverts Hux’s thoughts from Ren and self-pity. He’s disinclined to put on a raincoat due to the persistent warmth - it will make movement even more tedious and he doesn’t feel too energetic today. His stomach, meanwhile, reminds him that he didn’t care to eat anything yesterday. He decides to prepare some kind of mash that is supposed to taste like porridge, yet the taste of it is so vague that they could have just as well put any other label on it. After he’s done forcing it down, he starts his routine, gathers his things, empties the tent. Moist and warm air is waiting for him outside, just as anticipated, and he has the strange urge to wash his old clothes, even though he still has enough fresh things with him. It’s a ridiculous matter to worry about right now, rather insignificant in the context of the misery that is his current life. Unsurprisingly, the part of the forest he finds himself in is alien to Hux, none of the landmarks he had memorized detectable. He sighs as he realizes that he has lost track completely now. Better get ready, take down the tent and go looking for Ren. Better ask him which way to go, show him how dependant you are , Hux adds sardonically as an afterthought. Reluctantly, he starts picking up pace and tries to will away the quickly building anxiety at having to face Ren again. However, as there is no avoiding this, Hux keeps going until he sees Ren from a distance, sitting in his usual position close to the river. This time, he seems to hear Hux approaching, and gets up as soon as Hux is close enough to see the dark circles under his eyes. He’s never looked particularly healthy, Hux figures, but last night most definitely left its marks on him. Hux’s stomach twists involuntarily. “Ren. How far are we gone from where you- From the Fairlights?” Hux is glad he could stop himself from saying from where you picked me up , shame still hot in his belly. “About an hour.” “An hour ?” “Yes.” Ren is eyeing Hux openly. Hux preferred it when he was still wearing his robes - having to interact while Ren is wearing only this black shirt is unsettling, inconvenient. But what Ren just said is plainly appalling. “You expect me to believe that you carried both bags, the tent and my lifeless body for an hour ? At temperatures below freezing point?” “I have my methods.” Hux stares at Ren incredulously. To Hux’s bewilderment, he closes his eyes and shifts into a more stable stance. At first, nothing happens, just the two of them silently standing there, and Hux takes it as some sort of blunt dismissal. Just when it’s about to get awkward, he becomes aware of movement behind Ren. A boulder, Hux estimates about a ton heavy, quivers as though the planet is about to be shaken by an earthquake. And then, Hux watches in astonishment as it starts lifting off the ground. After it reaches head height, another, similar rock follows. All around him, Hux realizes when he turns on the spot, stones start floating in a soft and steady motion, swaying slightly and with ease. It’s an impressive sight, Hux grudgingly admits to himself. He directs his gaze back at Ren, who still stands rooted to the spot with his eyes closed. The muscles in his arms and shoulders flex, and Hux’s eyes follow their outlines down to Ren’s hands - they’re bare, but curled into fists. Hux shivers despite the high temperatures. He’s at a loss. The main reason for thinking less of Ren used to be the assumption that all that talk about the force and all this spiritual business was fictional nonsense. It was always, and still is, a topic Hux has a hard time grasping - just words, tricks, illusions. Practices like meditation only making it more preposterous. It’s only logical Hux would call someone like Ren a freak. But this - this is real. Hux’s heart is pounding. “Did the Supreme Leader teach you this?” Ren opens his eyes. “No. He helped me hone it.” “Who did, then?” “That’s none of your business.” The look on Ren’s face darkens, but now that Hux has asked, he can’t drop the matter again. Their eyes meet. “Show me your hands.” “What?” “Your hands. I want to see them.” First, Ren seems puzzled, irritated at the request. Then realization seems to hit him, and irritation turns into hostility. “What do you hope to find, Hux? A remedy for your control mania?” “I assume I’ll find an unscarred palm that is just as perfectly intact as your face, which is supposed to be ripped in two. I know what’s going on here, Ren. Why can’t people know you were a Jedi once? Snoke certainly praises you for it.” Ren shakes his head, stares. “I never was a Jedi.” “Yes, you were. Don’t deny it.” “You’re wrong.” “The water healed you. You were one of them-” “I never was a Jedi ! Ben Solo was!” Hux jumps as every rock falls back to the ground simultaneously, the noise and the vibration startling the birds sitting in the nearby trees. Reflexively, he had closed his eyes in the process, and opens them again to see Ren still standing there, face contorted in fury, chest heaving. “But I killed him, so I could become everything he wasn’t. You like to imagine you know everything, Hux , when in reality you are an ignorant fool. Does your own dull life make you want to pry around in mine? None of this concerns you, so stick to whatever Snoke told you and stop making up absurd fantasies.” Whatever Snoke told you. It didn’t sound like a well rehearsed lie - does that mean Ren has not yet figured out what Hux’s mission is? The relief only lasts so long. He got into a fight with Ren, even though he hadn’t intended to. He guesses it’s the nature of their shallow, competitive relationship - the fights come easily, they don’t exactly need to search for them. On the one hand, Hux doesn’t care. Ren is an infuriatingly simple person, it doesn’t take much to wind him up, he thinks too highly of himself. On the other hand, he saved Hux’s life. “Look, Ren”, he begins, not sure where he wants this conversation to go, “I have little interest in who you are, or were, or where you came from, I am here because I was ordered to accompany you. As long as there is nothing more intriguing to think about, and I assume this is not going to happen any time soon since all we get to see here are trees and rocks, I will make up as many absurd fantasies as I please. This one has proven to be correct, judging by your reaction. It’s your own fault, really. You keep your silence about what we’re actually here for, I continue making assumptions about it. I’m not buying that you are absolutely clueless about our destination. Feel free to do things your way, I have known you for years and gotten used to your infantile quirks, but don’t you dare forbid me what to think.” Not exactly what Hux intended to tell Ren, the initially planned phrase not as easily spoken as presumed. He might get back to that another time. For a second, Hux imagines Ren is about to show discernment. He looks like he’s contemplating Hux’s words, like he’s seriously considering whether to accept them. Hux had assumed that his rebuke would at least double Ren’s rage, but instead he is only met with preoccupied eyes and more silence. Ben Solo, he said. Became everything he never was. There must be more to Ren’s unstable mental condition and his regular overly emotional fits than just a lack of maturity. Hux finds it hard to imagine becoming someone else. How much do you have to hate yourself to not only leave your former self behind, but eliminate it? Is that even possible? Certainly, there are days Hux wishes to be someone else, with less responsibility and more power, but giving in to this unreasonable idea of metaphorical suicide has never been a serious option. “Snoke told me this planet conceals one of the oldest Jedi temples in existence.” Hux looks up at Ren’s statement, torn from his thoughts. “I am to find it and retrieve something for him. Those are my instructions. He reassured me that I would know what to bring him at seeing it.” It does sound like something the Supreme Leader would say. He had been rather vague with Hux’s instructions as well, though Hux had believed Ren to have gotten more detailed insight. If he’s not telling only parts of the truth, that is. It’s a start nonetheless. Now Hux has a mental picture of what awaits him, in the end - either Ren manages to retrieve the mysterious object, or he doesn’t. Hux decides not to think of the remaining procedures until an actual need arises. “Can I enter a facility of that like? As a person who - you know. Is unfamiliar with your kind of business.” “Yes. Weak-minded people can enter Jedi temples.” It takes a lot of willpower to not make any spiteful remarks about Ren’s state of mind. But Hux knows when it’s best to just drop a matter and give it a rest. Not every fight that occurs can be won - Hux learned that the hard way after his father spent years telling him otherwise. “Good. Let’s get going, then.” Hux makes to return to their bags, satisfied with how taken aback Ren looked at him not fighting back. Soon, quick footsteps tell him Ren is catching up with him. “Are you ill?”, he asks from behind, just the slightest bit out of breath, “The blow must have been more effective than I thought.” “I’m just tired, Ren. Of this. Of you. It’s leading nowhere.” Ren seems displeased, but doesn’t say anything. Once again, it’s time for a long, depressingly silent walk. Mostly, Hux enjoys not having to listen to Ren’s voice, however today he isn’t too fond of the idea of being left to his thoughts. He doesn’t trust them anymore, they don’t feel entirely like his own, lately. The rain has stopped, and Hux appreciates the minor change in temperature. Even though he’s walking some steps ahead of Ren, he feels him radiate discontent. He secretly likes the thought of Ren seethingly staring holes into his back, likes the pressure that comes with it. Likes the knowledge that he’s the source for Ren’s annoyance. That he can make Ren momentarily forget about everything else, and focus solely on Hux. He wonders where that last thought came from and banishes it quickly. It’s obvious why it’s so easy for Hux to get Ren’s undivided attention - there’s not much he could be paying attention to instead. Hux has said so himself. Apart from that, there should be no reason for Hux to enjoy Ren acknowledging him. It’s a piteous, feeble-minded thing to want, a need reserved for people who have nothing more significant to crave. He involuntarily thinks back to his last speech on Starkiller Base, to the enormous pride he’d felt. His mind had been reeling, filled with scenarios in which he would inform his father about his success, in which his father would feel just as proud. Eventually, there is nothing to tell, and nothing to be proud of. Strictly speaking, Hux isn’t even a General anymore, if only for an indefinite period. He’s cried and made a fool out of himself in front of the person he disdains most. Or, should disdain most. Hux is not so sure if he’s actually capable of hating Ren the way he wished he would after what happened, now that thinking about Ren has become a borderline obsessive habit of his. Ben Solo. There it is again, the desire to get to the bottom of things. The name Solo sounds familiar to Hux. He doesn’t know many people or creatures going by that name, though there are a few. Economical connections, however strenuous to maintain, are most essential if one strives for success . A phrase they reused at the Academy various times, and one Hux took very seriously. He knows his enemies just as well as he knows his allies, takes his time to study them thoroughly, has even established a separate department at the First Order that exclusively concentrates on investigating in their enemies’ personal lives by whatever means necessary. Hux remembers having been hugely irritated when Snoke had forbidden him to execute those investigations for Ren. He’s done his work for Leia Organa. That was when the name Solo had occurred - but while Organa was examined and filed as a potential threat, Han Solo was considered a marginal inconvenience, at the most. His liaison with Organa makes him an enemy, but he seems to be hardly involved in her political and military activities. A rogue, from what Hux had gathered, doing crooked jobs to get by. Most of the people they questioned about him claimed to have been tricked by him, or that they’re still waiting for his payment, or that they’ve had something stolen by him before. Again, Hux can only guess. There was this rumor, while Ren was rehabilitating after Starkiller collapsed, that he killed his father that day. Hux generally doesn’t pay much attention to rumors, finding gossip only tolerable if it’s used as a strategical, communicational device. However, as it concerned Ren, he had listened in on a conversation between two Stormtroopers, one of which had apparently been present when it happened. He wanted him to come home , the one had said, didn’t hear all of it, but he didn’t wear the mask. Pierced him with his lightsaber, threw him off the bridge. Hux remembers how Phasma caught them chatting and instructed them to report to her division, then, and for the first time he had been angry at her for fulfilling her duty. He might have learned more about the dubious patricide. As it is, Hux can’t know for sure, but is determined to find out what it’s all about. It’s enough to keep his thoughts occupied for a while, and distract him from the fact that his feet feel too tired to be taking him very far today. It’s approximately an hour later that the river makes a sharp turn and the trees become sparser. “We won’t follow this river any longer”, Ren says as he comes to a halt next to Hux, “but there will come another. We will leave the forest, for now.” From where he stands, he can make out a field bordering on the forest’s edge. Leaving the forest might be a good thing to do, a relief, Hux thinks. The feeling of being caged, encircled, has become more smothering with each day, and he realizes that he hasn’t had a clear view of the sky since the day they arrived. Thus, that is the first thing he does after passing the last few trees - he looks up. A grey wall of clouds is what he finds, and a few birds flying past, screeching. Hux stands still, for a moment, takes a deep breath. It feels fresher in his lungs than the forest air did, most likely due to the better circulation. The sweetish smell of it is familiar, Hux notices. He then examines the field in front of him more closely. Cropgold, he instantaneously identifies. It’s odd, at first, being reminded of his mother in this particular way, on this particular planet. The day he met her, she took him to a field overgrown with cropgold because it was a plant typical for the system she lived in, the system Hux forgot the name of. He recalls being fascinated by every word she told him about it - how it’s very rare, how its seeds look like they’re made of gold, glistening when the sun hits them, but losing their shine after they’re carried away by the wind. Hux finds it irritating, in retrospect, that she chose to tell him about their brilliance, about how the flowering periods last only three days and happen only once per year, and about how beautiful and unique they are to watch, when she could have told him about how incredibly much they’re worth and about how some would kill to get their hands on a bagful. The irony almost hurts - Hux now has this entire field right in front of him, apparently in flower if the faint twinkles everywhere across the area are any indication, aggregate value easily sufficient to finance the build of another Starkiller, yet he can't make any use of it. Has nothing to transport it with, has no one to contact to come and get it, has nowhere to put it. He has tried locating his mother’s system before, he has ordered subordinates to do so, yet to no avail. Meanwhile, Ren has silently creeped up behind Hux and joins him in watching the field. “What are you waiting for, Hux? For the temple to magically shoot up from the earth?” “Don’t you know what this is? I don’t fancy going through this.” “It’s a field. Crop.” “It’s cropgold , and it’s blooming, so unless you want gold particles all over your equipment we’ll need to find a way to bypass it.” “We cannot take a route around it. That would take half a day.” Hux ponders that. It’s only a mild incommodity, actually, but still something about entering this field makes him hesitant. There was another thing, another characteristic the plants had, yet Hux can’t seem to remember it - they either wait until he does, or avoid it altogether, and neither of these options is realistic at the moment. So Hux decides it’s not worth losing time for. “Fine. Let’s hurry”, he mutters, shrugs to right his bag and starts leading the way. For the first few meters, he tries his best not to stomp down any of the the waist-high crop, but he soon comes to the conclusion that it’s futile. The density of growth is too high to evade every single plant, so after a while, he stops trying and concentrates on keeping his pace. He will pick three or four plants as soon as they leave the field, just for the sake of it - the seeds might survive this journey and come in handy one day. It doesn’t take long for his trousers to be covered with the glittering substance, and he has his hands tightly curled around the straps of his bag in an attempt to not get any of it onto them. He’s still frantically trying to remember what it was that made the cropgold so hard to get, why there is a whole system overgrown with it and nobody cares to take over and steal it, and what it was that his mother told him about not going near it during flowering season. Ren is not making any noise, as usual, the only sound indicating his presence that of his frequent, heavy steps. It had something to do with inhaling too much of it - something to do with the weather - They’ve covered slightly more than half of the distance when Hux feels a light breeze ruffle his hair. Rustling from all around him fills his ears, and when his memory comes back to him it’s already too late. The clouds break up, and warm sunshine hits his face, floods the field and bathes everything in light. The display is almost too bright to see clearly. The crops start swaying in the steadily intensifying wind and reflect the sunlight like an ocean, flashes of gold everywhere blinding Hux momentarily. Breathing in the seeds will make your head go fuzzy , so don’t you go near a field on a windy day. She had said it with a smile, and still Hux had felt that she was being very serious about it. Hux is close to jogging, his mind trying to translate that into an explanation she would have given an adult. “Ren, let’s get out of here, quickly. Keep your breathing to a minimum.” “What?” “Don’t breathe in too deeply -” He is then interrupted by a wind gust sweeping through the field, glittery dust swirling through the air and up into the sky. Hux feels some of it gently landing on his face, discovers that it’s no use trying to brush it off his jacket, and before he knows it he’s already coughing. He keeps going and hopes that it won’t affect him, or that maybe the effects set in slowly and only after they’ve left the field, but he starts giving up on this hope at realizing that his head is already beginning to feel lighter and his steps are slightly off balance. His concentration diminishing, he wonders what Ren is up to, and slows down until he stops. The illusion of inebriation it is, then. Shockingly enough, Hux is already beyond caring to fight it, gripped by a sudden sense of safety and optimism. He finds it hard to make his eyes focus on anything in particular, with the gold and the plants and the sunlight everywhere, so he just looks around for a while, mind more or less blank. Ren, right. Is Ren still there? Hux turns around unsteadily, thinking of the last time he got properly drunk. He’d been on his own, in his quarters, and he’d been done, with everything and everyone. He’d felt so awful the morning after that he swore to try a different coping mechanism next time. The thoughts he’d had were disturbing, never to be thought again. He’d almost left his room to go search for Ren and yell at him that night, without any apparent reason. Why is it that he remembers this? Ren. Hux steadies himself, forces his eyes open. When he manages to bring Ren’s face into focus, the look on it is one Hux is sure he will not be able to get out of his head for a long time. He looks positively awestruck - wide-eyed, searching Hux’s face, a hint of irritation tugging at his brows, making them crease. Ren’s stance doesn’t appear to be too robust either, or it could be Hux’s limited perceptual capacity that makes Ren seem to be swaying slightly. Ren doesn’t blink, simply stares, and with growing horror Hux realizes that this is exactly the kind of attention he wants, despite knowing better. That it causes his stomach to twist. That he savors it. He wants to avert his eyes in disgust, come up with an effective insult and leave, but something is keeping his eyes fixed on Ren, his ridiculous gold-covered face, his ridiculous creased brow, his ridiculous black undershirt, his ridiculous everything. Hux feels like he might just never move another inch. All these sentiments are strange and unbidden, they’re the epitome of absurdity, but Hux can’t bring himself to mind as long as he can keep standing here, shivering under Ren’s gaze. While Ren’s looks of hatred and enmity make him grow, this look makes him feel like he’s shrinking, unworthy. The worst part is that he welcomes it, and there’s no one to blame but himself. He feels like the world is slowing down, for a moment, like it wants only the best for Hux, make him feel safe, but he doesn’t deserve it, so he has to make it stop. Hux can deny ever having thought of Ren as anything other than a disruptive factor, a nuisance , yet he knows for sure that no matter what he comes up with now, whatever he’ll say to Ren, whatever he’ll tell himself - nothing will erase the thoughts he just had. His hand twitches. The urge to touch Ren’s face is so sudden that it makes him catch his breath. He starts panicking. Ren might have heard . Hux starts turning away, but is stopped when Ren speaks. “Freckles”, he whispers out of nowhere, and Hux is unsure whether he misheard. “Excuse me?” Ren’s face changes from dreamy to aghast so quickly that Hux is torn out of his trance, too. “I- the particles, on your face. They look like- Freckles, you know what, how about you walk on, Hux? You’re blocking the way. Maybe I should lead the way again since you are too fond of lingering around. There is actual work to do.” “Stop staring then, and go”, Hux replies, agreeing that whatever just took place should not be discussed further. Automatically, he starts rubbing at his face with his sleeve. A soft blur keeps creeping over his eyes, and he almost tumbles to the ground when Ren passes him hastily and bumps into him in the process, like he did the other day - though Hux presumes it’s not because he meant to, but rather because he’s just as incapable of keeping his balance as Hux is. He follows Ren out of the field, still dazed and unable to think clearly when they reach its border. Taking one last, admiring look at it, he wonders why he has this underlying urge to pick some of the plants and take them with him. Hux squints, tries to concentrate - it’s on the tip of his tongue, but however hard he tries to remember, he seems to have no access to it. He decides that it’s irrelevant - he can’t see why he would even consider dragging more ballast with him. After all, he has no real use for it. It’s just crop. Chapter 5 Chapter by MissUnderstood While it was agonizing to wake up with a headache that felt like it might make his head burst at any moment, it was most definitely fun to watch Ren sobering up. It’s windy, close to stormy, as Hux sits on the ground ripping up random blades of grass. The last rays of the rising sun were swallowed up by dark clouds just moments ago. He’s spent all morning drinking water, thinking about nothing and everything at the same time, trying to reflect on what happened but finding himself not really in an optimal condition to do that. If Hux had had a say, they would have continued their journey for another two hours yesterday, however as Ren had decided to sit down and silently gape at nothing after ten minutes of walking and could not be convinced to keep moving, Hux had fretfully cast the tent and gone to sleep early. Accordingly, he woke up before sunrise - and at finding that Ren was gone, he simply put on his two big coats and sat down outside to watch the last tiny stars disappear. He discovered that there were indeed two blue moons illuminating the sky, one a lot larger than the other. Soon after dawn made them fade, he plundered his provisions, having gotten incredibly hungry all of a sudden. Now there’s only half of what he originally packed left and he can only hope they’ll find the temple before Ren turns it into a joke to make him hunt his own food. He won’t try eating berries or plants on this planet, trusting they will either kill him or make him go insane in whatever way. Getting rid of the stinging pain flooding his head wasn’t easy - in fact, it’s still aching in some parts - yet Hux is sure that seeing Ren go to sleep an hour ago very much contributed to his recovery. Ren was a mess. Hux watched him appear behind a few trees, shoot an equally loathing and exhausted look in Hux’s direction and disappear into the tent. He has not made a single sound since then, much to Hux’s satisfaction. Hux scratches at his face and sneers when there is still golden glitter under his fingernails. The seeds should have stopped sparkling by now, if he remembers correctly. However, it’s inconsequential. Falling into a state of complete despair is becoming gradually harder to resist, and Hux is at a point where he considers giving in to the temptation. He’s seldomly ever felt quite so distraught, and he’s unacquainted with the feeling of not knowing what to do. There’s a discrepancy, somewhere inside him, and he feels he lacks the knowledge on how to fix it. He hasn’t felt that way in years, can’t explain why he does now, and it only seems to get worse with each day. Hux is desperate for the other river Ren promised and already fantasizes about jumping into it. This time, he won’t pay any attention to Ren and he’ll stay in the water for as long as he sees fit. Maybe he’ll just stay there, wait until he’s carried away and finds himself in a different place, away from Ren and his face. Now, being able to think more rationally, he knows that whatever he imagined yesterday can never be brought to mind again. A wind gust plays with his hair and he puts up one of his hoods. This area of the planet is even duller than the forest was, a wide range of nothingness with patches of grass and stray bushes. A tree here and there. Even though there’s nothing to block Hux’s view, he can’t make out anything in the distance. There’s a faint saltiness to the next breeze that cools Hux’s face. Closing his eyes, he imagines an ocean, an enormous wave building at the horizon. On this imaginary beach, there is no one but him – he doesn’t appreciate it the way he thought he would. He’s sitting there, sand rough against his palms, excitedly revelling in the tension that comes with waiting for the masses of water to engulf him. The need to run scrapes at the far back of his consciousness, but he decides to ignore it because he’s comfortable: He never exactly loved the beach, however this beach is magnificent in a way other beaches aren’t. Plus, if he leaves, he’ll never know what’s waiting for him behind the massive wall of water, and something tells him he’ll never get another chance to see it. He’s nervous, but at peace. That is, until he sees it. It’s lying close to the shore, in between rocks and seaweed, and it looks exactly the way Hux remembers it. He’s unsure if trusting his eyes is the right thing to do, now that he has other plans, now that he’s already engaged in waiting for the wave. Although his body is trying to keep him cemented to the warm sand, his mind is dragging him towards the tiny object, needing Hux to pick it up and never lose it again. He’s more than tempted, to close his hand around it once more after all these years, and see what happens. So he crawls over, the curiosity unbearable by the time he reaches it – it’s there, right there for him to take, and he regrets every minute he spent without it. Its oval, longish shape and its sickly green glow are still enticing, its liquid, golden core swirling underneath is still the most beautiful phenomenon that ever graced Hux’s eyes. The inscription, the symbols on it are still missing. Hux had secretly hoped they might have reappeared. He stretches out his hand, easily, light-hearted and giddy, and grabs it, feels it resting coolly and smoothly in his fist for a moment. Hux realizes his mistake only when the sky darkens and the temperature drops drastically. A violent shiver almost makes him drop the object. The voice behind him is familiar, but the panicked tone to it is strange. “Please. Take me with you, there’s still room on your ship – I need to leave –” He wants to express his confusion, but his mother’s voice is muffling every other sound. He sees her standing at the beach, talking to a bearded, grim looking Balosar with two grey antennapalps. “I beg you, please! I will pay, I will do anything, just help me survive!” The wave is close, Hux knows that, but he can’t empathize with her apparent state of upset. The water won’t hurt, it will enlighten. “I have a son, I can’t die until I’ve seen him one last time –“ She doesn’t finish her sentence. Her voice is replaced by the rumbling weight of the wave vibrating in Hux’s ears, already breaking and foaming aggressively. The atmosphere changes, and with all sense of security dissolving, Hux sees that the water bears no enlightenment for his mother, never has. “I’m here”, he says, feebly, taken aback by his own stupidity. “I’m here! Mother, over here –“ The Balosar is gone, and Hux watches as the wave crashes down relentlessly with an ear-shattering noise. “No!” The sound is lost to the ocean, the weight of it pressing down on Hux’s lungs and robbing him of his last breath. He keeps his eyes shut, blindly waving about in search of something, anything to hold on to. He doesn’t dare breathe, and when he’s certain he’s about to lose consciousness, he feels himself falling, his stomach doing somersaults. It’s painless when he lands abruptly on solid ground. Disorientated and panic-stricken, he scrambles to get up, looks around wildly. He needs a moment to adjust to the lack of buzzing in his ears and to determine his current location, but when he recognizes where he is, he calms slightly. He’s in the library, at the Academy. It’s one of the places he spent most of his time in – seeking shelter, sometimes, but more often than not to enjoy the tranquillity and the sterile, precise arrangement of the books. He liked to be one step ahead of everyone else, too, occasionally reading advanced books too complex for him to see through at that time, the only thing they really offered him being a chance to brag. To feel like he was good enough in a way he knew he wasn’t. Hux unfolds his hand to examine the object, but it’s not there. Instead, he notices a shimmer from the corner of his eye, and finds it in the place he found it when he was still a cadet. He approaches the chromium-plated table, the one hidden from the rest of the library, and gets to his knees. It’s weirdly chilly, and darker than Hux recalls, yet it makes the object shine all the brighter. More carefully this time, he reaches out, hoping to find the inscription has appeared again. It hasn’t, however Hux manages to take it, and this time, nothing happens. It’s heavy and cold in his closed fist, as cold as ice, actually. What will he do now? He’ll wait until the signs show up, until he can read them again and repeat them in his head as often as his sanity permits. But he’ll have to take it away, first, to a safer place. Hux turns around, and is immediately stopped by something blocking his way. His insides turn when he realizes what it is. He takes a few hasty steps back, knocks over a chair. Lown looks repulsive. His face is sunken in, his skin ashen, a light blue tinging his cheeks. The tiny purple veins underneath his eyes remind Hux of a broken porcelain vase. His pupils are dilated, his cheekbones look threateningly close to piercing through the almost transparent skin covering them. Not a single breath is emanating from him, his chest is still, like a statue he just stands and punishes Hux with an unforgiving stare, freezing him in place. The top five buttons of his ragged shirt look torn open, some of them missing, and with terror Hux finds the area of white chest peeking out covered with red scratch marks. If Lown weren’t slowly, shakily raising a thin hand to stretch it out towards Hux, he might have tried to run, despite the subconscious awareness that there is no way around this. Death is ogling Hux through Lown’s eyes. Hux can feel it thickening the air and reaching out for him, tightening his throat while making it feel treacherously reassuring. The object in his right hand becomes so cold that it hurts, and in fear of it leaving a wound on his palm, he drops it. Hux starts uselessly grabbing at invisible hands, trying with all his remaining energy to free himself of their grip. “This is what it felt like, Hux” , Lown rasps, “And you didn’t even let me tell you.” But Hux can’t reply. “You watched, and you stayed longer than you had to. You stayed dangerously long. They almost caught you.” Lown’s cold eyes shift to the floor, where the object is lying. His face pinches up, as though the movement of his eyes caused him pain. “You have no use for this. You are too weak to handle it.” His voice is different, stronger, deeper. “Remember what you are here for, General Hux.” And then, Lown starts moving towards him and there is nothing Hux can do but writhe and gasp for air. He shuts his burning eyes and waits. When nothing happens, he blinks them open again - the press around his neck dissolves, and he sucks in as much air as he can. It doesn’t feel reviving. The sense of being hunted remains, and Hux looks around. He’s neither in the library nor is he about to get strangled by Scott Lown, he’s alone, in a dark place. A black void is surrounding him, he can’t make out the ground he’s standing on. Hux frisks his face. It’s wet, but he can’t determine the cause of it. The disfigured face of Snoke appears unexpectedly. It’s illuminated, even though there is nothing but darkness surrounding the two of them. Hux is relieved - until he tries approaching the face and finds himself unable to. He wants to address it, but the words die on his tongue. “General. Report.” The voice is clear and cold, it’s all around Hux, inside of him, omnipresent, and he feels frail and abject under the impassive glare the Supreme Leader is giving him - which is a sensation he’s never had before while facing the Supreme Leader. He’s ashamed - of what, he’s not sure. Hux is irresolute all of a sudden. He can’t access enough words to form a coherent sentence and is too shaken and worn out to remember what it was that he should be reporting. “Supreme Leader, I’m -” “Kylo Ren is whom I’m enquiring about.” “Yes, my. My apologies. Kylo Ren -” Kylo Ren. What is there to say about him? The gleamy blue face comes to his mind, along with nervously trembling hands and sad eyes. But is that really something worth reporting? After all, the real mission is yet to come, and Hux can’t really wrap his mind around everything that’s happened yet. And yes, it’s interesting information, but is it interesting enough to waste the Supreme Leader’s time? It’s not unlikely he already saw it somehow, anyway. And they’re not even very far into the mission yet, accordingly, there is not much to tell, is there? “No signs of non-conformity concerning Ren, Supreme Leader.” “Good. Very good. Be most attentive. My trust can only be betrayed once, General, and your failure with Starkiller Base was not easy to forgive. Remember what you are here for.” The face vanishes into thin air and it gets dark again. The invisible ground starts turning like Hux is standing on a potter’s wheel, his feet solidly sticking to it, keeping him from moving, and as he is about to scream for help, he wakes up. All he can see when he opens his eyes is a light grey, bright and painful - it takes him a while to realize that he has not in fact gone blind, but is lying on his back and staring up at the sky. He’s panting heavily and shivering uncontrollably, his lungs stinging with each inhale and his throat dry as though he hasn’t drunk anything in days. When Hux rolls to his side and hurriedly gets to his feet, the ground seems to be slipping away beneath him and he almost falls - he manages to drag himself to the next shrub before he is violently sick. His mind is aflame, unable to categorize the many different thoughts simultaneously trying to get his attention. Beads of sweat drip languidly to the ground while he’s bending over. A distant, intermittent beeping fills his ears. After a few minutes, his stomach stops clenching and feels mostly empty. It’s not like Hux has eaten much, anyway. He wants to sit down, but fears that he might not be strong enough to get up on his own again. The last thing he wants is for Ren to find him and help him up, or even worse, make Hux explain what’s wrong. Because, frankly, Hux has no idea what exactly just happened. That was no dream. It felt too real - it was too detailed, too intense both mentally and physically to be a regular nightmare. And he can’t remember feeling particularly tired either. It’s still stormy, and Ren is still nowhere to be seen. Hux decides to get something to drink to flush down the feeling of tiny knives slicing at the insides of his throat with each swallow. Knees wobbly and vision blurry, he makes his way over to the tent, the utter exhaustion residing in each of his bones making him stagger in the merciless wind. It has been so long since he last longed for the Ubiquitum in his hands, and Hux is clueless as to why he would long for it now. He’s never really forgotten about it, that is true. However, he would not have guessed that he would one day think about it again like he used to when he was still naive and weak-willed. The memory of the day he found it is one of the clearest he has, just like the one with his mother showing him the cropgold - there are certain memories he could never rid himself of completely, however hard he tried. It had been just another day, just another escape from Lown to the depths of the library on an unexciting, rainy afternoon. Hux had made sure to hide from everyone’s view, as usual, had picked a random book and started flipping through the pages, as usual. He’d sat down, at his favourite, chromium-plated table, and had gotten lost in the book that had turned out to be about chemical engineering processes. A Thermal Oscillator for Optimization of Control was the name of the chapter he’d read, and the pages had looked like no one had ever cared to touch them before Hux had. After a while, he had noticed a shimmer at the corner of his vision, and had followed it to find that intriguing little object. And that had been when it had happened: A bright flash of green light, slowly receding to a faint glow, and there they were - the signs. Letters, to be precise - Hux remembers having to turn the object a few times to be able to read them correctly - and they looked so alien, new, even though it was nothing more than simple Aurebesh. Mern, Isk, Grek, Herf, Trill, it read. Might, in Basic. Hux had found it a bit exorbitant, at first. Someone had obviously thought it amusing to project their absurd power fantasies onto this thing and give it an importance it’s actually unworthy of. He’d believed it to be a joke. And then, the letters had started to fade, and the objects’ glow had died, and Hux had been hooked. He’d taken it with him that day, determined to find out more about it and hoping it might be of use to him in some way. In the following months, Hux’s consumption of books had become excessive. He’d read many essays on and theories about power relations in the galaxy, of order and disorder, harmony and disharmony. Speculations, mostly, but some of them frighteningly convincing. He’d watched holo-records, had paid special attention whenever artifacts were discussed in class, nothing ever providing him any tangible information - when one day, he’d found the book he’d been looking for. He had never intended to go to this part of the library, because no one at the Academy who wanted to be taken seriously would have ever let themselves be seen there, yet after months of reading it had been the last section that was left for Hux to search. It had been kept tidy, but only for the sake of order and standardization. Even though the book had been placed in the center of the lowest shelf, it had caught Hux’s attention immediately, a thin golden line tracing its back. Studying it had been tiring, its contents much too vague and unfounded for his liking. The amount of nonsense had increased with each chapter, but in the end, he had discovered what he’d been looking for. He’d found out that the object was not, in fact, a joke made by infantiles, but a unique artifact called Ubiquitum , one of which neither age nor origin could be determined exactly. Everything the book told Hux about it was nowhere near scientific, just collections of tales, myths and rumours, and yet Hux had read every last detail, driven by the idea of finding out how to use it. Phrases like ‘unlimited power’ and ‘might beyond imagination’ had sprung up here and there, making him high on power he didn’t even possess, and it didn’t take long until he was positively obsessed with it. That had changed abruptly the day the Ubiquitum vanished. If Hux hadn’t seen it dissolve with his own eyes, he would’ve been convinced someone had taken it from him, but it had lain right next to him on his desk in his room when its outlines had slowly faded until it was gone. At first, he had panicked. He knew he hadn’t actively used it and didn’t actually gain anything from merely carrying it around in his pocket, but still he’d felt lost without it. It hadn’t kept his thoughts occupied for long after that, however. Hux’s mind had quickly become busy with things like exams, combat training or keeping his belongings safe. The only thing that remained of the mysterious object was the thought that there must be more ways to bring order to this galaxy than the Academy taught him, and that whatever might become of him - he’d remember that his discovery, however unhelpful then, would one day mean something. That it would help him acquire the influence and power he deserves. There had been times in the following years where Hux would have likely gone insane had he not clung to this belief. And yet, to this day, up until this horrifying experience he just had, he had successfully shoved that object and the desire to possess it to the back of his mind. It’s this place. This planet. Hux doesn’t have any other explanation. He tries to pull open the zipper of the tent, but his hand is shaking too hard to grab the tiny thing, and bending over feels like someone turned off gravity. Hux sits down, more slumping than actually making a controlled movement, and waits. He lied to the Supreme Leader. He didn’t report like he intended to, without any valid excuse. Snoke can’t have possibly believed him, he must have seen through it the moment Hux opened his mouth. His mother. Hux knows nothing about her whereabouts, has no clue whether she is still alive or not, but he feels like he was just shown the answer. He slings his arms around his knees, not knowing what to do, to think or to feel, so he decides to remain in this state of being only bodily present until he feels strong enough to get up. The sound of the tent’s walls fluttering in the wind is all Hux hears for various minutes, the grey horizon all he sees. “Hux?” It’s Ren. Remember what you are here for. Hux turns his head to see Ren peeking out of the tent, hair a mess and eyes barely open. It’s bizarrely reassuring and ridiculous at the same time, to see that Ren is capable of looking like that. Hux tries to think of something to say, but since Ren hasn’t really asked a specific question, he deems it wiser to save his energy and not reply at all. “We need to leave. We’ve wasted too much time already. I’ve seen water, lots of it. There might be a lake, or even an ocean ahead. So. You might want to get ready.” Hux’s muscles tense all at once. His first impulse is to say No and We can’t go there . He’s lucky Ren is not even waiting for him to answer, already retreating into the tent. The fear of going there is most unreasonable. Hux should not be putting so much faith in a turbid vision his mind most likely made up out of confusion and general exhaustion - but still his stomach clenches at the thought of arriving and seeing the wave coming for them at the horizon. He shakes his head, which instantly results in renewed nausea, and this time, it’s persistent. Even after an hour of walking, Hux doesn’t feel the slightest improvement. He tries to focus on other things, like the soft grass slowly ebbing away and transitioning into a rocky, uneven terrain, or the air getting saltier and the wind harsher, but it’s no use. He feels thinned out, like a lesser, damaged version of himself. Not beyond repair, but enough to be feeling useless. Hux suddenly wishes Ren would talk, maybe share more of what he saw while meditating, but all he does is hush and make Hux feel even more useless. Ren doesn’t trust him, Hux reckons, doesn’t trust him with more detailed knowledge. Hux never thought of it as an insult before, yet he’s offended by it now - even though he knows he doesn’t show that kind of trust towards Ren either. His chest aches, and no matter how deeply he inhales the crisp air, he can’t free himself of it. Gravel crunches beneath their feet, and soon they have to jump from rock to rock in order to get across the gorge-like cracks that rip open the ground. It’s a few minutes later that a break comes into sight, and they’re standing on a cliff’s edge. The sound of the sea makes Hux uneasy. He shuffles closer to the brink and peeks down - the shore is approximately twenty feet beneath them, the water languidly gliding back and forth on the sandy ground. No wave at the horizon, no mother begging for her life, just the inexplicable tension keeping Hux on edge even after discovering that there is no reason for him to feel that way. His bag is too heavy, suddenly, pressing down on him as though it knows he can’t put up resistance. Staring down into the abyss makes him dizzy. The rocks and the sand and the water start merging into one indistinguishable mass, and before he can take a step back, Hux is stumbling forwards - He is suddenly aware of a dull, painful tug where the straps of his bag cut into his shoulders as he’s pulled back. His tailbone hurts when he bumps to the ground. “What is wrong with you?”, he hears Ren yell. Hux is dragged away from the edge. “What is it , Hux?” He tries his best to fight passing out. “I don’t know, I don’t. I’m tired.” “Look at me.” Ren is kneeling down in front of him, is grabbing his jaw again, forcing Hux’s eyes to meet his. Hux lets him. He remembers this look, full of accusation and skepticism, and this other thing. This thing that might be concern, or a misinterpretation on Hux’s part. His spinning head weighs tons, so he stops straining his neck and lets Ren hold his face up for him. “It’s nothing, stop - Stop pestering me. I’ll get up, I’m fine.” “Alright. Get up then.” Ren lets go of him, and Hux slumps to the side like a marionette cut off from it’s too tight strings. “That’s it. We’re taking a break. Can you hear me? Hux?” “Yes. I haven’t eaten, is all.” Not a lie, technically. Most likely part of the problem. Still, Ren doesn’t seem to believe him. “Tell me what it is, right now. You look sick.” “I told you.” “Is it because of the plants? The crop? I -” “No.” “Did you have another nightmare?” Hux rolls to his side, shrugs out of his rucksack, props up on his elbows, pushes himself up to sit on his heels. He must look like a cretin, like a toddler mastering his first steps. Yet he’s not even capable of feeling ashamed, currently. “Yes. I dreamt.” It’s easier than having to explain the whole experience. Ren looks nowhere near convinced, but lets it go anyway. “Fine. Lie to me, if you like. But never give me another speech about keeping too many secrets.” Hux knows he’s right - yet it’s a completely different thing. Ren can read Hux’s mind whenever he pleases, probably has access to most of Hux’s thoughts. It’s disgusting, really. Hux can’t bear the attention he is receiving from Ren right now. “Stop it, Ren.” “Stop what?” “Looking like that. It’s revolting.” “We should find a way down to the water. Do you think you can manage?” “What makes you think I can’t?” Ren only raises his brows. Hux swears the corners of Ren’s mouth are lifting slightly. Imbecile . " Quit it . ” “Alright. Good luck getting up.” Ren is on his feet in less than a second. And, naturally, he waits for Hux to prove that his talk about being fine wasn’t just empty words. Which, of course, it was. “You can go ahead, I’ll catch up in just a-” Hux is interrupted by a strange sensation searing through him. He’s lifted up, but no one is touching him - it’s like invisible hands are grabbing his waist and lending his body the energy it doesn’t have to get him in an upright, standing position. He gasps out of surprise, trying to wrap his mind around what just happened to him. At realizing what it might have been, he shoots Ren a venomous glare, but the idiot is just casually gathering his things while giving Hux a smug look. Heat is rising to his cheeks - however, Hux is actually quite relieved to be feeling something again, even if it’s humiliation. “Was that you?”, Hux snarls indignantly. “I’m just speeding things up a bit”, Ren says, hefting his bag. “You will never do this again.” “I don’t think you’re in any position to give me orders.” “Well you’re in no position to maltreat me.” "Maltreat you ? Is that your way of saying -” “Yes. Thank you.” Ren freezes for a moment, mouth already hanging open to release whatever heated reply he had planned. Hux hopes he won’t have to elaborate. “What for?” Hux should have known. He takes a deep breath, trying to prevent his anger from dominating over his shame. “For not abandoning me to my fate. Twice.” Ren just stares, swallows. He looks like he didn’t actually expect Hux to put this into words, least of all immediately and upon request. It takes a while for Ren to snap out of his reverie. “Alright, just. Try to do something about that death wish you seem to be having lately”, Ren says after visibly forcing himself to look less bewildered. Hux only sneers when Ren heads off without giving him the chance to comment. His bag feels unnaturally light when he puts it back on and fits the shoulder straps, and after he starts following Ren, he checks two more times whether it’s still there or whether there’s a hole in its bottom. He realizes soon enough that it is, of course, Ren’s doing, but Hux doesn’t let his pride talk him into complaining this time. Chapter 6 Walking along the edge of a cliff with a stormy sea to look at is an activity that might be considered relaxing by some people. Hux wonders if they’re even bothered by things like the tedious howl of the wind, or the stinging, salty taste on their lips - he certainly is. He wouldn’t describe his negative attitude towards the ocean as fear, per se, just a slight reluctance, if anything. After all, he can’t know whether it’s really just regular water waiting for them or whether they’re currently walking right into a trap. A trap, however, would require someone to set it. And this planet is most definitely as deserted as it can get. Hux crossly side-eyes the sea to his right, as though that would make it shrink with respect the way it would intimidate new crew members on the bridge aboard the Finalizer. After a while of laborious trudging, Hux finally feels his stride becoming quicker and more effortless as the cliff seems to be flattening and leading them downhill. It brightens Hux’s mood immensely - the water is coming within reach, and with it the promising prospect of taking a much needed bath. This is what he should be concentrating on, not this ridiculous anguish that this nonsensical dream is causing him. Ren is walking ahead of Hux and doesn’t turn around to check on him. Which is fortunate, because the last thing Hux wants now is for Ren to gawk at him in his already miserable state. The sun is still absent, hidden away by a grey curtain. Hux is still wearing his two heavy jackets, hasn’t even had time to think about taking them off up until now. The air is mild. He shudders when he feels the first stray raindrops hit his face. Hux looks up from the ground in front of him and squints as his vision is blurred by the rain. Ren has stopped in his tracks. Following his gaze, Hux soon makes out the reason: They’re approaching a passage made of massive stones higher than either of them. The way splits there - they could either go right, through the passage and further along the shore, or they could go left, towards the mainland. It wouldn’t take much longer for them to be level with the sea if they decided to take the passage, so Hux’s decision is already made. “What’s the matter, Ren? Let’s go.” “I’m not sure which option to take. I should meditate over it.” “Absolutely not”, Hux says irritably. Ren turns his head to look at Hux, who is coming to a stop next to him. “I can’t guarantee anything, then”, Ren replies, looking more unsure than annoyed, “I haven’t seen what comes next, yet.” “I need water, right now. We’re taking the passage.” Although Ren’s hesitation unsettles Hux, he has to insist. His rehabilitation after the cropgold incident has left him with barely a gulp of water in his bottle and his throat is still parched. In fact, it’s in every respect against Hux’s calculating nature to make rushed decisions, especially in an environment like this, yet the thought of taking the left path causes several defensive walls in his brain to shoot up. One of them is most definitely the will to survive. Hux turns his head to find Ren giving him a once-over. He figures he must look piteous, if Ren’s look of mild irritation is anything to go by. “Right. The passage it is”, Ren says, louder than usual, trying to drown out the howling wind. The near calm they encounter at entering the passage gives Hux the kind of small relief he didn’t know he needed. It’s narrower than he would have estimated from the outside and he’s somewhat glad that he can still see the sky above them - it feels warmer between the wet rocks, too, but that might just be the absence of the storm. It smells distinctly of seaweed. Hux’s jackets feel too stifling and he looks forward to taking them off. In front of him, Ren has covered his shoulders with a piece of black cloth, probably a former part of his costume. One end of it looks singed. Hux involuntarily thinks about what it would be like to set Kylo Ren on fire. Whether it would be as satisfying in practice as it is in theory. Maybe Ren wouldn’t mind, maybe he’d be too caught up in acting out his immediate revenge to do anything about it. The image is interesting, in an absolutely disturbing way. It must be a useful thing, having Ren as your protector. Your personal shield. Put aside the fact that having to rely on someone keeping you safe is utterly disgraceful, it sure would be a pleasant thing, having someone like that under your command. Hux then wonders whether Ren has anything or anybody to protect but himself, and almost laughs at the obviousness of the answer to that question. Except for Snoke, Ren has nobody. Hux can tell, because he knows what having nobody looks like. It’s not always easy to determine, but with Ren, it is. It’s loud and clear when he talks, apparent in each of his movements. Maybe he knew what it’s like once. Or he never did, like Hux. The passageway winds itself in front of them, until there is finally the junction to the right they’ve been waiting for. Hux’s steps get swifter, his spirits lighter. There’s bright daylight at the end when he follows Ren around the corner, the ground gradually changing from solid rock to velvety sand. Hux sighs when they emerge from between the stony walls, the wind resumes whistling in his ears and carries away his tiny sound of content. A beach extends before him, and it’s not the one from his dream. In fact, it’s a bay - they’re encircled by the high walls of the cliff, the water foaming and roughly breaking at the shore. After they’ve settled down beneath the biggest ledge they can find to shelter themselves and their belongings from the rain, Hux hastily drops his bag, his jacket, the rest of his clothes. He stops at the fly of his trousers to check on Ren, but Ren is occupied with rummaging around in his bag, so he goes on. It’s short lived, but good. The seeds come off easily, the water freeing him of this unnecessary weight, which is relieving even though he is aware that the burden he carried was more of metaphorical sort. His headache ceases - he had apparently gotten so used to it that its absence comes as a positive surprise. Ruffling his hair underwater feels like the greatest sensation he’s ever experienced. Hux still is nauseous after leaving the water - he figures he might need to get over himself and try to eat something. The wind is freezingly cold and Hux shivers like a leaf while returning to his clothes. He wraps his arms around himself and dares shooting a glance in Ren’s direction. He’s crouching in the shadow of the ledge, busying himself with inspecting his lightsaber, looking very stern and concentrated while doing so, and Hux is thankful to be able to put on his clothes in peace and sit down between his bag and Ren afterwards. To his bewilderment, he only hears the rustling of fabric and watches a black undershirt as well as black trousers fall to the ground next to him. Hux quickly starts looking for the food he promised himself to try, perplexed by the sudden nervousness that’s tugging at his gut. Ren is going for a swim, so what. Hux could not care less. The water is safe, Hux just went in there, too. If there was a wave, he’d be able to see it from where he sits. His eyes follow Ren as he makes his way to the waterside and avoid him when he returns. Huddled up and hair dripping wet, they sit in silence, hit by spray rain whenever a wind gust carries it down below the sides where the ledge doesn’t cover them. At least, the cold is yet to come and Hux’s clothes feel clean and warm. Nibbling on a piece of bread turns out to be soothing his irritated stomach. He feels strangely at ease - even Ren’s presence is reassuring instead of unsettling, for a change. “Hux”, Ren suddenly starts, like he sensed himself popping up in Hux’s mind, “I need to know what you dreamed about.” And Hux thought he might be able to get some rest and recover. No, there’s no such thing as rest with Ren. “And what could you possibly gain from knowing that?” “I’ve been dreaming, too.” At that, Hux really, properly looks at Ren for the first time today. His eyes are sunken in and his skin is drained of the bit of healthy colour that had been left to begin with. It’s even more apparent now, with his hair out of the way, that Ren radiates an exhaustion so intense that Hux is rather shocked to not have noticed it before. “But, they weren’t common dreams. I - kept getting interrupted by them, in the middle of meditation. And at night, a few times. I want to make sense of it.” Hux tries to figure out whether Ren is playing a trick on him. There might be another motivation to this question, a different answer he hopes to find than the one he claims to need, and this is just a tactic to get Hux to divulge. Maybe he’s spied on Hux’s thoughts and saw what he dreamt about and is now trying to win his trust by pretending they have something in common. “Do you have a theory, Ren? About what is going on?” “Yes. This is why you have to tell me. I want it confirmed. Or be proven wrong.” Hux considers how much he can actually reveal without making it seem like Ren asking troubles him much. “It felt the same, for me. Not like any other dream or nightmare I’ve had. I saw things from my past, but also things it’s technically impossible for me to have any insight on, all of them equally horrifying. I was reminded of things I believed to have forgotten about.” It’s obvious that it’s what Ren wanted to hear, his eyes growing bigger with each of Hux’s words. “Yes”, he simply says, and his wet, black hair falls into his face when he turns it to look at the ocean. “Is that the answer you were expecting?” A bird cries somewhere above them. “I didn’t expect an answer.” Hux isn’t sure whether to trust the honesty he believes to be hearing in Ren’s statement. The thought isn’t far-fetched, Hux actually considered denying him an answer, but still - stated so plainly, it quickens Hux’s pulse. Ren’s tone indicates that he would not have ripped an answer out of Hux by force had he decided not to talk. Hux thinks of all the subordinates Ren frightened into answering, and of all the prisoners Ren tortured into answering. He thinks of all the times Ren just took the answer he needed right out of his opponent's head. Hux would not have anticipated Ren to be showing this kind of subtle respect towards him, given the hatred he feels for him. “How does the Supreme Leader explain it?”, Hux asks, genuinely interested. Ren keeps staring at the water, takes a break before he speaks. “I haven’t felt Snoke’s presence since our last joint audience”, he mutters. “You can’t expect me to believe this. You’re his apprentice, it’s in his interest for you to -” “ I know that it sounds absurd, Hux. But I tried. I tried, and he didn’t respond. He is actively denying me his guidance.” “Well, he might need a break from keeping watch over you.” “Shut up.” “I mean it - he might be making plans for the re-establishment of the First Order, in our absence. He might be busy with making up for our failure, taking care of the destruction and piecing together the remnants.” Ren seems to think about that, then shakes his head. He looks angry, confused. “This is unlike him.” He pulls the jacket next to him into his lap and opens his bag to fetch a pack of insta-mash and his water bottle. So Ren is subsisting on conventional food, in a conventional way. “It’s possible he wants you to prove that you can do without him.” Hux doesn’t know why he is offering this - advice, or his opinion, in general. Ren doesn’t seem to know either, which Hux gathers from the bewildered stare directed at him. “I have thought of that”, Ren says, stirring his mash, “and it’s not unlikely. Still, he has never withdrawn completely before, the way he is doing right now.” Ren must know that he’s making himself vulnerable to Hux’s scorn. He must be aware that to Hux, this could be a massive invitation to ridicule him. So, why is he doing this? Hux figures Ren must have been carrying this around with him for days, with no one to ask for advice. Surely, he’s not used to that, having to look after himself without this constant voice of guidance in his head. And, in addition, he’s having these abominable dreams. He might feel lost without Snoke telling him how well he’s doing. Like a child being used to the burning light on the bedside table, but now their parents decided it’s time to turn it off. Hux sneers. “I wasn’t aware you were having trouble sleeping as well.” Swallowing the last bit of his mash, Ren shrugs and grabs his bottle. “You weren’t exactly in an ideal condition to analyze my sleeping patterns.” “But you analyzed mine.” Hux feels Ren’s eyes on him while he busies himself staring at the flat line of the grey horizon. “I didn’t need to analyze anything. Coincidentally, you screamed loud enough to leave no room for misinterpretation.” It’s hard trying not to check what kind of expression Ren is wearing - just by his tone of voice, he sounds amused. Hux has neither time nor energy for constant embarrassment. “You said you have a theory. I told you what I was dreaming about. I’m all ears.” Ren is silent for a few seconds and Hux knows that whatever follows now will be either a lie or an abridged version of the truth. “It might be the planet. As in - maybe a substance in the air, or the ground, like a defense mechanism. I’m not yet sure what it is that I’ll be retrieving for Snoke from the temple, but it might be guarded. By this planet.” “So you’re saying - what? That this planet is a living thing, with a consciousness? I’ve never heard of such a thing.” “It’s a suggestion.” “It’s likelier we are suffering from some sort of aftereffect. This job is both physically and mentally demanding, be it hallucinogenic plants or carnivorous balls of light or having to -” Hux wishes Ren would stop staring and has to hold back an exasperated groan. “- cooperate.” “We’ve had to cooperate for years now. It’s never felt like being diseased.” “It hasn’t, for you? How fortunate.” “You know what I mean.” “No, actually, I don’t. Was the forced work relationship we’ve had for the past years really your idea of cooperation? You should have told me.” “That wouldn’t have changed a thing about your narrow-minded and following-the-book way of doing things.” “You might have been better off addressing topics like that objectively and like the capable leader Snoke seems to think you to be instead of destroying a console each time people preferred the narrow-minded way over yours.” “You deserved it.” “What?” “You deserved me destroying your ship.” “So you did it to infuriate me? To get my attention ?” “That’s not what I said.” “Yes, it is. And it’s not surprising. It supports my assumption that Snoke lied about your age and you’re merely a child in a grown man’s body.” Ren averts his face, but Hux already saw it turning a deep crimson. “What, Ren? Are you about to have your next fit?” “We should set out. Not waste time with this”, Ren says through gritted teeth. “I see you’re adapting to my mindset. Very impressive.” Hux gets to his feet, pulse thrumming with the unbidden rush of adrenaline that usually comes with arguing with Ren. This was by no means a necessary confrontation, this was solely for Hux’s twisted idea of keeping up some kind of routine, and he knows it. But the strength he gathered from bathing and eating seems to be spurring him on, making him think that investing it in making Ren’s life harder is a good idea. The rain has receded to a very faint drizzle as they pack their things and return to the gap in the stone wall, entering the passage. Their way is soon taking them uphill again and after climbing a few rocks, Hux feels unsteadiness return to his legs. Each time he sets his foot down onto the next stone, he has trouble keeping it from slipping on the wet surface. After a while, his hands are sore from gripping whatever rock he can find for a hold, some of them sharp enough to hurt. His gloves are somewhere buried deep inside of his bag, but the fact alone that Ren can manage without gloves convinces Hux that he can do without them as well. His blaster dangles at the right side of his bag, occasionally colliding with his hip, probably leaving a bruise or two. Even though Ren is still force-reducing the weight of Hux’s bag - which Hux had not expected considering they were close to jumping at each other’s throats just minutes ago - it feels like too much to carry in combination with the effort of climbing and trying not to slip and fall. Ren too seems to have difficulties concentrating, grabbing a loose stone once and missing a step twice, each time coming very close to tumbling backwards which would have sent them both back into the depths of the passageway. Yet Hux can’t really bring himself to comment on it, knowing that Ren is not deliberately trying to get on his nerves. As soon as they’ve scrambled up the last bit, they find dry ground, spiky, barren grass and groups of huge boulders that outdo either of them in size and make it impossible to see what lies behind. Panting heavily, Hux puts down his rucksack and silently decides for the both of them to take another short break, just to catch his breath and regain control over his legs. Ren doesn’t look too pleased, but goes with it and waits. Hux uselessly tries to keep his hair out of his face, wind gusts continuously swiping it back, and looks to his right, at the ocean. There’s still no wave, which leaves him wondering why this small part of him can’t stop feeling on edge. That is why he knows something is wrong before he even sees the panthac. He’s checking on Ren to see what he’s doing when he notices it - the small anomaly in the group of stones behind Ren, the little part that doesn’t fit into the silhouette. The tiny bit of swaying fur in a scenario where nothing should be moving. Hux has never seen a Mantessan panthac in the wild, and anyone who values their life would be glad to say the same. Averagely two metres long, wolf-like creatures with no natural predators, extremely aggressive and almost impossible to catch, even with the right equipment. He’d learned about them in history lessons at the Academy, when the Empire was discussed. They had used the panthac as the base template for creating a genetically modified version, which was used for guarding bases and secret establishments. And now, Hux can see one right behind Ren and has next to nothing to defend himself. “Ren”, he says as calmly as he can manage, his heart rate threatening to make his chest burst, “Get your lights-” With a fierce roar, the beast jumps forth from behind the rock and dashes towards them with momentous speed. Its two huge fangs are bared, the long snout revealing a dagger-like tongue. Ren manages to grab his lightsaber, but is not quick enough to activate it. A flash of red, furious eyes is all Hux catches before he watches Ren being violently thrown to the ground from behind, the panthac burying him beneath its massive weight and sending his lightsaber flying through the air. Hux has never been quicker to grab his blaster. His hand is shaking violently when he unlocks the weapon and aims for his first shot. He misses by inches, goes for the second one, and his third shot hits the beast’s left claw. It roars in agony and searches for the source of its pain - at seeing that it’s Hux, it quickly loses interest in Ren and growlingly approaches him. Ren lies still, face to the ground, and Hux realizes soon enough that he didn’t pretend to be dead so the panthac would let go of him. He seems to have hit his head and lost consciousness. Hux is sure that this is the end of this mission, at least for him. He does consider himself a decent fighter, and usually an excellent shooter as well, but he stands no chance against this animal, especially not on his own. Another two shots fired directly at the furry thorax, with no effect except increased fury and aggressiveness. Hux scrambles backwards, disappearing behind a nearby boulder. It will only gain him a few seconds, but he needs a plan. A tactic, anything. He cannot give up without a fight. He can’t rely on getting Ren to wake up in time. He can’t use his blaster, it’s ineffective. He certainly can’t wrestle the beast. Or, he might be able to kill it with his blaster, if he hits the right spot. Which he doesn’t know. He can’t rely on luck, either, there’s no time. He can’t- His gaze shifts to his left, to the ground. The black, scratched handle of Ren’s lightsaber lies in between two rocks. Hux knows that it’s a mad, suicidal idea, but waiting for the panthac to devour him is even madder and definitely more suicidal. So he takes one last look at his blaster and throws it to his right, as far as he can. Immediately, he hears another low-pitched roar and the clicking of too long claws on the stony ground, instinctively running to attack the blaster. This is the head start Hux needed to come forth, run as fast as he can to get the lightsaber and ignite it. Calm down, he instructs himself in his head, this is like sparring. You did this a lot, back in combat training. This is just another staff. He hopes that it won’t need any kind of verification process to make it work, thinking of how Ren wouldn’t be able to use Hux’s blaster due to it being coded to his fingerprint - but at the firm press of his hand, the furiously red ends of the saber flicker to life, the red glow intimidating even though Hux is the one controlling it. He musters the two shorter plasma blades and tries to swing it a few times, the low hum the movement causes vibrating in his ears. This is nothing like a staff. This won’t work. There’s not much time for Hux to test the weapon. The panthac didn’t take long to realize its mistake and has already left the blaster, resuming to target Hux. It’s not being cautious, this time. Speeding in Hux’s direction in quick jumps, it has its mouth wide open, saliva splattering out of it. Right before it’s about to tackle Hux, he swiftly turns, dodging it and thus getting a chance to take a swing at it from the side. He manages to cut off some of its mane and leave a burning wound right above its ribcage. It gives a yelp, hisses, struggles to come to a halt after its sprint. Hux holds the lightsaber out in front of him with both his hands at waist height, like he’s seen Ren do before. No weapon he has ever wielded feels even remotely close to this, he can’t think of anything to compare it to - he is sure that he won’t be able to properly defend himself with it for more than two further attacks. The panthac looks up at Hux, the lust to kill sparking up in its eyes, and without another sound it jumps at him. Hux reflexively uses the opportunity of the short moment of upright posture to slash at the exposure of belly, but the movement is too quick and unstable to hit its target. The panthac lashes out and tears open Hux’s left upper leg, but retreats at coming too close to the saber. The injury and the strike cause Hux to lose concentration and one of the short ends of the saber burns into the skin on his wrist. He yells at the sudden shock of pain and his tight grip on the lightsaber loosens, resulting in the red flames dying out at once. Panting with dread, Hux tries to turn it on again, but it doesn’t work, as hard as he tries. The panthac is pushing him down before he can attempt to run. His head hits the ground, pressed tightly between warm, rotten smelling fur and cold, wet stone. His wrist and leg feel like they’re on fire. He can’t see anything, can only feel the body on top of him shiver with a feral growl before enormous, piercing claws sink into his chest. Hux screams in anguish, trying with all his might to push the beast off of him, unsuccessfully. Hux doesn’t know whether his hand clutches at the lightsaber intentionally, from the pressure of the heavy body on top of him or from the unbearable pain, and it’s irrelevant. All that matters is that suddenly, Hux hears a frizzling sound, a bloodcurdling, animalic cry, and then, silence. The panthac goes limb, all of its weight knocking the last bit of air out of Hux’s lungs. A crack, more pain - an ache that consumes all of Hux’s body. Unable to inhale, he can’t make a sound, can’t see. He has to move it off of him. That’s what he has to do even if it’s the last thing he does. So Hux tries pushing at it, tries again when he fails, and again, again, until he feels it sluggishly roll to the side and make way for air to flood his lungs after a frantic intake of breath. The sky above him is too bright, and the clouds are swimming. Hux groans, sitting up. It smells of burnt fur. He doesn’t notice the blood at first. Only when it’s seeping through his shirt and running all the way down his front does he start to get dizzy. The view of his tattered leg makes him lie back down, not sure he can keep himself from vomiting. Faintly, from what must be miles away, he can hear Ren scream something that sounds distinctly like his name. No, correction: Ren cannot possibly be miles away, his face is in sight, very close to Hux’s own, all of a sudden. One, big blur, and close. Hux can’t believe that he’s fine with it. That he’s fine with Ren’s face being the last thing he sees. He wonders if the throbbing pain in his chest is really caused by the massive wound the claws left there or whether it’s actually Ren’s hand clutching the collar of his shirt. That is the moment he lets go of the lightsaber and blacks out. Chapter 7 Waking up has rarely ever been more painful. It’s not only Hux’s eyes that hurt as he opens them. It’s also the rest of his head, and basically every single bone from his neck downwards. A faint whimper escapes him when he tries to move his hand, attempting to bring it to his chest. He manages to curl his fingers. Disorientedly, he tries to analyze his factual situation. He is lying on his back. Above him, there’s the smooth inside of the tent’s roof, which is trembling slightly. The trembling is caused by wind. It’s raining heavily too, indicated by the loud pattering resounding from the walls. It must be dark outside, a lamp is lit. Hux feels dry and warm, apart from the fact that he’s aching all over. He’s aching because a panthac attacked him. Them. Ren. Turning his head is sending waves of pain through his neck and he groans. Ren is inside of the tent as well, sitting right next to Hux, watching him. His face is neutral, vacant. Hux gives moving his hand another try - this time, it finds its way to his chest, but when he brushes against unfamiliar material, he looks down. His torso is wrapped in regeneration bandages, as are his wrist and his leg. “Where is it?”, Hux asks, voice raspy and embarrassingly weak, “The panthac?” “Right outside”, Ren replies, “It’s dead.” “Good.” Hux closes his eyes again, finding that keeping them open is extremely straining. He might just sleep a little longer, or get back to whatever state of unconscious he was in before. “You killed it”, Ren says, spoiling Hux’s plan of getting back to sleep. “Yes. Apparently.” “You used my lightsaber.” “What are you driving at, Ren? You can keep pestering me with obvious statements, or you could just make your point right away.” Just as Hux expected, Ren does not make his point right away but instead keeps his eyes fixed on Hux’s bandaged chest in silence. Hux would roll his eyes if moving them were less painful. “Are you implying I shouldn’t have used it?” Not knowing what to do with the look Ren is giving him, Hux is about to get defensive - then, without hesitation, Ren reaches out and presses the back of his hand against Hux’s forehead. “What do you think you’re doing?” “The fever is almost gone”, is all Ren has to say before putting his hand back into his lap. “You’re not my mother. I can handle this myself”, Hux snaps at him, regretting it immediately. Obviously, Ren has taken care of Hux’s injuries, has seen to each of his wounds and made sure he made it through massive blood-loss and a fever while Hux was far from being able to handle it himself. “How long have I been out?” “Four hours, might have been five.” “How bad is my condition?” “Well, your - leg will cause the most trouble, from what I can tell the wound is so deep it’ll take weeks to heal properly. Your kneecap was dislocated, but. I fixed it. It might hurt, still. Your chest looks - it doesn’t look like you’ll get out of this scarfree. The wrist. A lightsaber burn, will leave a scar but it did not cut very deep. It’s painful nonetheless, considering your wrist is under constant strain.” “How long will it take until I can get up?” “We still have bacta reserves, so if the bandages are periodically changed and you-” “ How long, Ren?” The air in the tent is thick, and for a moment, the only audible sound is the relentless rain hitting tightly stretched durafiber. “We’ll have to wait until tomorrow, first. Unless I can find another solution in the meantime, there’s not much you can do but - wait.” Wait. Perfect. Ren is deliberately not giving Hux an exact time, which can only mean it will take long. And Ren doesn’t even seem too fazed about it. Hux tries to lift his head and is punished immediately by a burning ache that runs from his neck all the way down his spine. He sighs when he lets it drop back onto his soft pillow. Except it can’t be a pillow, since he didn’t bring one. It must be a jacket or something similar Ren used in order to create a support for Hux’s damaged neck. “We can’t wait until tomorrow, Ren. We can’t afford that kind of delay.” “But we’ll have to. Be reasonable.” “You don’t understand. This is- I- Just, why are you looking at me like that? Would you mind staring at something else?” Hux is reminded of Ren’s expression in the cropgold field and suppresses a shudder. Ren actually does start focussing on his own hands, then, shaking his head just slightly as he speaks. “You slaughtered a Mantessan panthac. On your own, with a weapon no one else has used before, but me.” “And?”, Hux responds, unsure about what else he could say to that and what Ren is trying to get at. “I didn’t take you for the fighting type is all.” Huffing offendedly, Hux turns his head away from Ren, knowing that he’s better off looking at the dull wall than Ren’s infuriating face. He wonders if Ren has any idea about what it means to successfully complete your training at Brendol Hux’s Academy. There is no such thing as not being the fighting type, you either fight or you’re out. It’s true that Hux prefers to let others do the dirty work for him, but it’s taken him much time, patience, and ruthlessness to get to the point of having people obey to his command. Before he gave orders to blackmail, torture and kill, he himself blackmailed, tortured and killed when it was required of him. “Well. You got yourself knocked out, somebody had to do it”, Hux says, trying to make the statement sound nonchalant instead of irritated. It’s strangely quiet suddenly. “I didn’t see it coming”, Ren mutters, so faintly that if Hux hadn’t been waiting for an answer, he might have overheard it. It takes Hux a moment to realize what that means. “Are you saying”, he begins flatly, really trying his best not to get angry, “that you weren’t able to sense it? Are you saying that when you told me you didn’t sense any life on this planet, there’s a chance that that assumption was inaccurate?” “I can’t be sure. It has not happened since my earliest training sessions-” “So your great magic is what? Corrupted? Are your visions and meditation just as useless, then?” “We wouldn’t even have come this far, Hux, had I not used my corrupted magic to drag you along.” “Well now, as it is, there’s no need to drag me anywhere because a panthac literally tore me to pieces and left me incapable of even properly lifting my hand, while you were of no help at all!” Hux finds that yelling helps ease that sudden, irrational anger at Ren - he knows that this fault in Ren’s abilities is a problem that needs to be discussed in earnest, one that won’t be solved by shifting the blame onto each other. He is mostly furious about the general situation. He feels like a burden now more than ever, feels like they might be stuck on this horrible planet forever and on top of it all, every part of his body he can still feel is aching. Hux snaps out of his self-pity session when he hears Ren swallow, his breaths coming noticeably quicker and more irregular. “I-”, Ren starts, the crack in his voice giving away that he’s upset, “I know that it shouldn’t have happened, and I can’t explain how it could.” And after Hux says nothing, Ren adds a rushed “I’m sorry.” This should be satisfying. Hux should feel proud about making Ren admit his mistake and about making him back down, especially since Ren has always had massive problems with taking responsibility for his errors. “Actually”, Hux says, realizing that he doesn’t feel proud in the slightest, “I am aware that I could be lying in the snow right now, surrounded by huge lightbulbs sucking the life out of me. However, since you decided to intervene, I am here, and alive. So, yes, it should not have happened, but I trust that you are not to blame. I believe it would have been in your interest to recognize the beast in time.” “It was my fault”, Ren replies immediately. His muffled voice suggests that he has faced away from Hux. It seems to be really getting to him, this faux pas. Hux would not know what advice to give to someone like Ren, concerning a topic he is openly clueless about. “You’re exhausted. If you’re even nearly as exhausted as I am, it’s more than plausible that mistakes are being made, from my perspective”, Hux offers despite his lack of understanding. “Except that my mistake almost got you killed, too.” “About that”, Hux says, the words coming out unsteadily under the effort of turning to look at Ren again, “I was under the assumption that if I were to drop dead on the spot, there wouldn’t be a single person in this universe who would care less than you would. Back on the Finalizer, I felt that there were times when you were close to finishing me off yourself.” Ren huffs a dry laugh. “I am being serious, Ren.” Hux still isn’t so much as glanced at. “I told you, it’s orders. The Supreme Leader explicitly instructed me to, uh, ‘do what it takes to make sure the General’s life is at no point at stake’. I have failed him, in that sense, thrice already.” This bidding of Snoke, if it really was pronounced in this form, sounds drastic to Hux. Urgent. He’s ashamed that Snoke had to insist on Ren making sure foolish, clumsy General Hux doesn’t get into trouble. That, at least, is one way to put it. Maybe Hux actually is an important part of this mission - maybe more important than he assumed. Maybe there are details Snoke kept secret for the sake of neither of them starting to panic. Then again, is there a reason for Hux to panic? More than he is panicking already? “Apart from that”, Ren continues, “While you were just guessing I wanted to end you, I was actually hearing most of your mental death threats.” “So you were spying on those. I always hoped you’d hear them.” “I did. They betrayed you. Otherwise I might not have detected that deep loathing you feel towards me.” Hux hopes Ren doesn’t turn around to see that his remark made Hux involuntarily burst out into an amused smile. The wind outside is becoming so strong that Hux is not sure how the tent is still fixed to the ground. He tentatively moves both his ankles, just to find them both intact. The left one causes a sickening pain to sear through his upper leg. Breathing is hard and painful, like someone placed a burning hot stone upon his chest. The resulting lack of oxygen makes Hux tired. “You should rest”, Ren says. “Are you hungry?” “No. I could use some water, though.” In the next minutes, maybe even hours, Hux drifts off to a doze, just to be woken by stinging or biting or burning pain whenever he manages to fall asleep for a few seconds. It doesn’t give him the rest he needs, however it does grant him a few moments free of pain. By the time he is fully awake again, he’s sweating and feeling much too hot. There are no blankets or heavy clothes he could remove, so he just shifts as far as his injuries permit and takes a few deep breaths and gulps from his bottle. He can’t tell how long his trance-like state between sleep and consciousness persisted, and whether it’s still dark outside or it’s just a particularly cloudy morning. All he knows is that it’s still raining and that Ren is lying next to him, chest rising and falling wildly and head thrown back. Wait - Hux turns fully, ignoring the dizziness it causes him, to find Ren clutching the sheets, tightly, hyperventilating, eyes bloodshot and rolling back into his head. He’s mumbling something, incoherent nonsense, features contorted. “Ren”, Hux tries, but doesn’t get an answer. “Ren!” Hux starts getting nervous when he realizes that words don’t seem to reach Ren, isn’t sure suddenly whether waking Ren is even a good idea. It is close to delirious to just rip me out of it, is what Hux was told last time he interrupted Ren during one of those dubious exercises, and Hux is certainly not someone who has to be told things twice. On the other hand, Ren doesn’t seem like he has control over any of this, and anyway, Hux has seen Ren meditate and it didn’t look anything like a seizure. Hux doesn’t consciously make the decision to reach out and grab Ren by the shoulder, it more or less just happens instinctively. Again, it turns out to be the wrong choice as Hux feels a strange surge the moment his hand connects with Ren’s warm skin. Hux opens his eyes - doesn’t remember closing them, actually - and finds himself standing in an empty kitchen. An average kitchen, of average size, slightly too messy for Hux’s liking. There are dirty dishes on the small table in the corner, the light blue tablecloth is sprinkled with some sort of sauce in some places. Three people recently ate there and didn’t care to clear the table. One of the glasses is still half-filled with blue milk. A potted plant decorates the middle of the table - it looks like it hasn’t been watered in quite a while. The clock on the wall switches to 1800. Hux picks up a small, brown bag on the counter. There’s a weapon inside, and a considerable amount of credits. A data-pad lies just within his reach, but Hux feels like finding out where he is and why he’s here is more relevant, presently. The knitted curtains are drawn, even though it appears to be dark outside. Hux hears voices, then, faint, but definitely real - one of them is female, silky and playful, the other male, deep and rich. They talk animatedly, which makes a third voice come to life. It’s a child, and it’s laughing. He makes his way through the kitchen door and walks along a narrow hallway. There are several frames of different sizes on the wall, all of them empty. Some of the wallpaper is missing. Hux passes a few stray boxes on the floor, some of them opened, some of them still closed and stacked. The house has something unfinished and raw about it, like its owners just moved in. As the voices grow louder, Hux gathers that he’s approaching the living room. He can already see an empty armchair from where he stands, and a cupboard filled with holorecords. “I’m not ticklish. I’m not”, the child practically wheezes, out of breath from laughing. “Alright, kid. Then sure you won’t mind me doing this ”, the man says, and the hysterical laughter resumes. The woman, in turn, sighs. “Haven’t you two had enough? Han, let him watch the movie. You know he has his big day tomorrow, it’s the last one he’ll see in a while.” The laughter ebbs away and is replaced by silence. “Well, Ben”, the man mutters in reply, “looks like your mom is no fun today. Think we can change that?” There’s rustling and steps, and then, a high pitched scream. “ What are you doing- Han- Stop! Don’t you dare-!”, the woman yells before breaking into an uncontrolled fit of laughter. The child resumes giggling, too, and Hux is too curious to keep hiding behind the half closed door. He makes sense of the situation rather quickly, and actually seeing the three people on the huge couch completes the picture. The man, none other than a younger version of Han Solo, is grabbing the woman Hux recognizes as Leia Organa by the waist, making her shriek and kick effortlessly against his chest in an attempt to make him stop tickling her. After Solo gives her a short, playful kiss and lets go of her, she sticks out her tongue and flattens the creases on her dress. It looks too formal to be worn at home while watching holorecords on the couch. It’s then that Solo sits back down on the right side of the couch, and the child is revealed. A boy, dark, brown hair matching dark, brown eyes, is staring at the screen in front of him while his smile fades and his expression becomes solemn. Hux has trouble estimating his age - just going by his height, his thin limbs and his very young face, he could be seven or eight, but his eyes look worn and experienced in a way a child’s eyes usually don’t. He doesn’t seem to sleep much and doesn’t seem to go outside too often, either. The moles on his pale face and the pouty mouth tell Hux that this must be Ben Solo, before he knew that one day he’d be strolling the bridges of Hux’s ship, destroying his equipment and terrorizing his staff. Hux is still waiting in the doorframe, even though he knows that if the family actually knew about his presence, they would have made it known already. Organa has looked in his direction twice now, staring right through Hux each time. “What is it now, kid? Huh? Wait. Don’t tell me. It’s the movie, right? It’s sh-” “Watch your language, Han.” “You know, you could try to brighten up a little. I came here, all the way, just for you”, Solo ignores her, inching closer to the distant looking boy. “It’s the least you could do”, Organa says, obviously trying to not make it sound like an accusation, “after three weeks. You said you’d be back in a few days. And Ben’s training starts tomorrow, you knew that.” “Let’s- alright. Let’s talk about that another time. Want me to show you what I brought you from Corellia? Ben?” “Yeah”, Ben replies absentmindedly, flashing Solo a forced smile. Han Solo gets up, approaches Hux, walks past him without regarding him. “You know what he’s like”, Organa says, stroking Ben’s hair, “but, I have a feeling that you’ll like what he brought, this time. He learns too, you know.” That makes Ben smile a little, but still he doesn’t quit staring at the screen with hollow eyes. “I’m going to miss you so much. But you’re going to do great, I know it. Look at me.” There are tears in his eyes when Ben does force himself to look at her and Hux isn’t sure if he wants to see any of this. However, as he has no idea how to leave, he’ll have to. “Mom, what if. What if I-”, he starts, now looking angry, “There’s something I-” “Alright there, kid, close your eyes!” Han Solo bursts into the room, holding out a sloppily wrapped package and handing it to Ben, apparently ignorant of the change of atmosphere. Ben doesn’t close his eyes and unwraps the package right away. Hux feels like ‘disappointment’ can’t come close to a proper description of what he sees on the boy’s face as he takes out the plain, steel-grey ball from inside the package. “What… is this?”, Ben asks unbelievingly and looks up at Solo. “Give it a tight squeeze.” He does, and immediately the ball unfolds - first, little wings spring out, rudders and speed brakes, then an external tank and rocket boosters pop up seemingly out of nowhere. It rapidly transforms into a miniature rocketship, and a rather accurate and complex one, at that. Ben’s eyes grow wide. He’s obviously in awe. “It has some nice special effects”, Solo explains, grinning like he’s the one receiving a gift, “the engines can light up, as well as the control center, and it can shoot. Tiny plastic arrows.” “How?”, Ben immediately asks. “Oh, you know. There are buttons you could push. But, I thought, as soon as you’ve trained with Luke for a while, you can do all of that with your mind. You can make it light up, shoot, fly at your will. Plus, it looks like a boring ball, right? I know you’re not allowed playthings in training, but a grey, useless ball ain’t exactly a plaything, in my opinion.” He winks at Ben, but Ben is only staring at the ship. A crooked, excited smile spreads on his face and he lifts up the ship to examine it. When he pulls on one of its wings, it retransforms into the ball. “Maybe I can do it already”, Ben says, putting the ball down in front of him on the low table. He gives it a hard stare, dramatically extending one hand. His look soon changes from strained to impatient when nothing happens, and Organa laughs lightly. Hux doesn’t know how he didn’t notice Ren standing in the corner next to him. He was probably too fixed on the scene playing out in front of him to see that he, too, is staring at the family on the couch. Ren is wearing his mask and his robes, hands curled tightly around the hilt of his lightsaber. He’s shaking, his whole body trembling with each frantic intake of air through the confinement of his mask. His stance is offensive. He doesn’t seem to be aware of Hux’s presence, or at least he doesn’t acknowledge him, captivated by what is going on in front of him. Ren then begins to hesitatingly - or simply cautiously - approach the couch and the people seated on it, all the while clutching the black handle of his saber. He comes to a stop right behind the boy, who’s now very determined to try and pull every lever and push every button he can find on the small rocketship. Hux notes that Ren’s hands become less steady with every passing second. Then, Hux remembers something crucial. He isn’t supposed to be here - and neither is Ren. This can’t be the place Ren goes for meditation. This doesn’t look like something Ren could emerge from with the feeling of being stronger. Ren can’t possibly harm or kill Ben Solo here, as these people are most likely a projection, a memory of Ren’s. Hux fully enters the room, but Ren only keeps looking down on the boy’s head, so close that if his hands weren’t trembling so furiously, he could lift them and touch the dark hair in front of him. Something tells Hux that they can’t linger any longer here, in this house. That they’re meant to be somewhere else. It’s a feeling deep in his gut, strong enough to be convincing. “Ren, you need to wake up”, Hux hears himself saying, voicing the thought even though he doesn’t entirely know where it came from. Ren turns his head abruptly, letting his saber drop to the floor with a dull thud. “Hux?”, he asks breathlessly. The lightsaber hilt rolls across the wooden floor towards Hux and he stops it with his outstretched foot. Ren looks like a trapped animal, almost cowering and panting heavily. “Wake up. Now.” “I can’t. I need to- This is-” “You will wake up right now, Ren.” “No. First, I’ll have to-” Hux walks over to Ren in a few, swift strides. He raises his hand, doesn’t care if this is going to hurt - he can’t stand not being obeyed. Just as he’s about to strike Ren square across his masked face, his eyes shoot open and he is no longer attacking Ren in the unfamiliar living room. In fact, he is back inside of the tent lying in a more than uncomfortable position - on his left side, to be precise, facing Ren. However, he soon comes to realize, he’s not only looking at Ren, but rather digging his nails into the softness of his right shoulder. His hand is shaken off immediately as Ren comes back to consciousness, frantically scrambling to get up. “ What were you thinking?”, Ren practically shouts, voice breaking. He’s still panting, the skin under his eyes is still a violent shade of red, yet at least, he seems to be mentally present. “What was that?”, Hux silently inquires, unafraid of Ren’s rage. “You weren’t supposed to see any of this! It’s absolutely none of your business!” “Did you induce that yourself? Or was it a dream?” “You spoiled it, Hux! You completely ruined it! I was about to- I would have done it, again! I was about to kill him, but you just had to interrupt like the moron you are! Is it too much to ask of you? To just keep your intruding nose out of my matters?” Hux wonders when Ren’s features started to blur. The overwhelming heat returns to his head and to the rest of his body. “When will you realize that your nosiness is an embarrassment? A disgrace? You’re too much of a simpleton to be comprehending any of it. Too weak-minded and incompetent and-” A panicked, disturbed look replaces Ren’s enraged one when it wanders down to Hux’s chest. “Oh, sh- Hux”, he says, scrambling closer. Hux glances down and sees fresh blood soaking his bandages, a dark spot growing bigger at comically low speed. “Oh”, Hux manages to say, feeling cold sweat on his face after a shiver ripples through his whole body. “Lie still. I’ll replace them, stay where you are.” Hux rolls his eyes. And where do you think I could go is at the tip of his tongue, but a stinging rush of pain at Ren removing the old bandages turns it into a groan. This is degrading, humiliation at its finest. Hux sees it for what it is - a loss of self-control. And not only is he losing the control he is so proud of, he is handing it over to Kylo Ren. He suppresses a wail when Ren presses fresh bacta pads onto the reopened wound. Being dependant on Ren in regards to finding a way to a temple is one thing, but being forced to trust Ren with his well-being just crosses a line. Hux’s respiration has gone out of control and his heart is slamming by the time Ren is finished tending to the several cuts on his chest. A hand, damp and smelling of copper, is covering Hux’s forehead before he can protest, followed by muffled swearing. Hux hears rustling, the sound of a zipper being pulled, feels fresh air filling the tent and his lungs. Then, he hears Ren rummaging around in one of their bags, hears a water bottle being opened. The coldness of the wet cloth that is being placed on his forehead makes Hux sigh against his will and actually tricks his body and mind into relaxing, if only for a few moments. “You looked like”, Hux starts, taking a short break at finding that talking is not as easy as he presumed, “You looked like you were having a seizure. Like you were choking. I didn’t mean to. Didn’t mean to see any of it.” “Forget it. And don’t even think of asking me a single question about it.” A wind gust causes the tent’s open entrance to flap around wildly. It’s bright outside, bright and grey. “You need to sleep, Hux. Or try not to move, at least. It cannot go on like this. I will find a solution.” Ridiculous. It cannot go on like this. As though Hux has been lying around for days. Hux has no idea what Ren means to do when he leaves the tent without another word and isn’t exactly passionately curious about finding out, let alone willing to make sense of what Ren means by wanting to find a ‘solution’. He won’t bother thinking about it, no. His eyelids feel too heavy, anyway. Sleep doesn’t come instantly, but when it does there is nothing but the relief offered by darkness, tranquility and freedom of pain. Chapter 8 Hux has never felt as if he were on fire without actually burning before. There had been one instance when he was still in training, where he had participated in an advanced simulation that only the best students were allowed to undergo. It had been an honor, a privilege, because contrary to the standard simulations, they featured an actual four-dimensional experience - meaning that, even though obviously no one could be fatally harmed, physical sensations were recreated for the sake of authenticity. Hux had almost screamed when he got an idea of what it felt like to be in the direct line of fire of a flamethrower. However, the all-consuming pain had stopped just before it could force a single sound out of Hux - which he is, quite honestly, still proud of to this day - and the simulation had ended, at least for him. I expect a more precise sense of judgement next time, Cadet Hux. Now, Hux wishes he never woke up as he feels like someone placed him in front of a running aircraft engine. He tries to get up, remembers that he can barely move, and stills. The tent’s entrance is still open, revealing long, wet blades of grass and grey clouds at the horizon. The clouds are moving incredibly fast, dizzyingly so - faster than the wind could possibly move them, some of them swirling through the air in wavy motions, some of them exploding and shattering into thousands of tiny pieces. Hux squints as hard as he can, and after that, the clouds hang thickly in the sky, near motionless. He looks at the rusty colour of the bandages applied to his leg. It makes him feel sick, and the longer he stares at it, the more the shade of brownish-red continues to deepen. When Hux moves his eyes to the right, the grimy spot is visible on the tent’s wall. Shaking his head, he risks a glance over at Ren’s empty sleeping bag, but the bag and everything surrounding it is blurry-lined and swimming before Hux’s eyes as though he was watching through a wall of water. Hux’s mind just barely grasps what is happening to him, overwhelmed by pervasive heat. He must be delirious, but whether it’s because of the blood-loss, the fever or his insufficient diet is up for debate. For a second, the tent looks like it’s crumbling in on itself, the walls falling down and threatening to cover Hux whole, and Hux gasps. The next moment, they’re perfectly flat again. Panic-stricken, Hux presses his eyes shut, his fists clenching the sleeping bag even though the tension makes his whole upper body hurt. The tiny stars behind his eyelids soon become sickeningly agile, swirling around and forming up to an all-devouring vortex. His eyes flutter back open. For the first time in his life, Hux is sincerely happy to see Ren when he comes crawling into the tent, dripping wet from the rain. “Ren, help me- help me get up.” “You look barely alive. You’re not going anywhere.” “I’m-”, Hux begins, but groans instead of finishing his sentence when the white little stars from before prick all over his vision. His pulse quickens when Ren inches closer, pinning Hux under that unidentifiable sort of stare he has given him several times now. The completeness, the genuineness, the intensity of this look has Hux lying still, feebly and foolishly enjoying the undivided attention. Ren’s stare fixes him to the ground, a silent command Hux submits to without difficulty. There are two Rens, suddenly, and both of them are bending over, inclining their heads and stretching out their hands to cup the crease between Hux’s neck and shoulder. There is just one thumb, however, too gently and too slowly tracing the sharp line of Hux’s jaw. The prickling trail it leaves sends shivers down Hux’s spine and his breath catches. The thumb is removed from his jaw and the hand is creeping upwards to cover Hux’s cheek, pressing down lightly. When Hux feels the swift brush of the thumb against the outlines of his mouth, he remembers why exactly he’s allowing this to happen - the sensation is addictive. He leans into the touch, distracted and captivated by it so much that the pain is momentarily forgotten, and as the the urge to watch Ren’s movements arises, Hux opens his eyes and the warmth is gone. Ren is sitting in the far left corner across from Hux, completely motionless and eyeing him skeptically. His hands are in his lap, unmoving and tense, just like the rest of him. Hux promptly realizes that he must have been hallucinating, that Ren’s hand hasn’t been anywhere near his face and that everything he just allowed himself to savour was merely a projection of his own sick mind. He forces his expression to remain neutral, hopes more than ever that it won’t give him away and that Ren won’t pry around in his head. “Hux”, he hears Ren say, the sound dull as though spoken from behind a wall, “Your fever has gotten worse.” Once again, Hux is impressed by Ren’s extraordinary talent for stating the obvious. “I suspected as much”, he croaks in reply, his voice hardly recognizable as his own. If Hux is fantasizing about Ren groping his face, his state really must be severe. “There’s nothing more I can do.” Hux is fully awake all of a sudden, alert. “What are you implying?” “I can do nothing to ease your fever, let alone cure it. It has gotten beyond my control. In addition, your wounds won’t heal. The bacta should have made at least a little difference by now, but it hasn’t. I know we haven’t been staying here for very long yet, however I sensed that due to this lack of process, your healing will take… too long.” “Again”, Hux says, dread rising in his chest, “What are you implying?” “I have been meditating for many hours. We will need to proceed differently.” “Do it, then.” “What?” “Leave.” “What are you talking about?” “If you’re saying that you can’t fuss over me any longer, then don’t. There is no time for that and I understand it.” Ren gives him the most curious look, then. “You think I’ll leave you here and go on on my own? I couldn’t do that even if I wanted to.” “Then please enlighten me what you plan to do instead, Ren”, Hux urges, successfully not showing how relieved he is by Ren’s answer. “As I said, I have been meditating, in search of a way. And I stumbled across something. Something that might help me- bring you back to health. It’s the only option I consider both possible and reasonable.” “What is it.” “It’s-”, Ren tries, but he’s already sounding unsure and defensive of his great plan, “I saw a village. And it’s inhabited.” Hux wills himself to concentrate and make sense of what Ren is telling him. “You’re suggesting to- you want to go there? And do what, search for more medication?” “Not quite. I- the people, who live there. They appear to be-” “It doesn’t matter what they are. We can’t go there and make our presence known.” “They’re trained in the Force.” “They’re-”, Hux starts, but stops when suddenly the second Ren appears again. “They’re what?” “Not only are they Force-sensitive, it seems they are proficient in using the light side”, Ren says, disgust prominent in his voice. “I felt it”, he adds when Hux’s look turns from surprised to suspicious, “the calmness. The desire for balance, peace. However useless and wasteful their methods may be, there is a key-ability they might possess if they truly are as acquainted with the light side as I envisioned them to be.” “I thought those people had vanished. As I understood it, Luke Skywalker was - is - the last Jedi.” “It’s not- they don’t have to be Jedi, not necessarily.” “You can’t expect them to cooperate. Chances are that they won’t want to help me.” “Then I will make them.” Hux can only guess to what extent the danger of being ‘trained in using the light side’ might hold for them and which powers come with that knowledge. If those people are even half as powerful and easily infuriated as Ren, Hux won’t even glance in that village’s direction. “Yes, sure you can be very convincing”, Hux snarls, his annoyance with Ren’s stubbornness getting the better of him, “however, have you thought about what might happen if this magnificent plan backfires and they’re prepared? Armed? Outnumbering us? A crippled, bedridden general with a broken blaster and an impulsive maniac against a village full of Force-trained individuals?” “It’s not in their nature to attack , they defend, if anything. It’s part of their pretentious, self-righteous peace-loving ideal”, Ren explains, ignoring the insult. “Well they’ll have to defend themselves. Against you.” “This is not open for discussion, Hux. My decision is made.” Hearing Ren talk like his father infuriates Hux only further. He might be weakened, but he will not be treated like a child. Before Hux can voice his anger, Ren continues. “If the fever is not seen to as soon as possible, it will be fatal.” Hux takes a moment to let that sink in, and Ren’s determined tone and expression keep Hux from questioning the truth of that statement. “No need to be so dramatic.” “Your hesitation had me assuming you might not be aware of the severity of your condition.” “It does feel like dying, now that you remind me. I am eager to hear, however, how you intend to get me there.” “You will not like it.” “You will have it your way, no matter my opinion. So, why are you telling me about your plan in the first place?” “I thought you might like to know where we’re headed so you won’t have a panic attack when you wake.” “When I w-?” However, before Hux can ask Ren about a more detailed version of his schemes, Ren extends his hand and everything goes black. -*- Hux can’t determine how much time has passed when he comes back to his senses. He’s tired of it - of being unconscious, and waking up to a scene he can’t remember agreeing to be in. Though, he does remember that Ren announced he would drag him somewhere - to this village from his vision - and relaxes just slightly when he sees Ren’s cloaked figure walking ahead of him. His black hair is hidden under his helmet, and Hux realizes that he wasn’t aware Ren was still carrying it around with him. Hux blinks and tries to pinpoint where he is. Lying on his back, looking up at the sky, clouds lazily passing by, body still aching. His hand drops to his side, and Hux startles when it falls into nothing and dangles loosely mid-air, his fingers brushing what feels like grass. He’s most definitely in a horizontal position, which doesn’t add up with the fact that he’s obviously moving. “Ren- what-” Ren’s stride doesn’t falter, his head doesn’t turn around. The surface Hux is lying on feels soft - when he fumbles at his sides, hoping to find something to hold on to, he’s surprised to grasp bars on either side. This combination can only mean that he was placed on some sort of stretcher. Hux only notices how used he has gotten to Ren’s actual voice when he winces at hearing the cracking of the voice modulator. “This is most straining for me, and it drains my energy with every step. You will lie completely still for the rest of the way if you know what’s best for you.” Hux can’t believe that this is happening. The idea of Ren using his fainting-trick on him, building a stretcher, placing Hux on it and dragging him along on it via the Force is almost too much to take, a very absurd combination of actions that doesn’t fit with Hux’s concept of Kylo Ren. He could have made Hux come along in other, more painful ways, but for some reason, he chose not to. “How far is it? Where is my bag?” “We’re about to arrive. It’s at your feet.” A careful glance down his damaged body confirms that indeed, Hux’s bag is with him on the stretcher. Ren’s statements are clipped, his walk is stiff and brisk. It doesn’t take much observatory skill to see that he’s nervous - and it can only mean that something potentially hazardous is awaiting them. Hux knows that this would be a battle he wouldn’t make it through. Despite knowing he’s supposed to lie still, Hux slowly moves his head to check if the landscape has changed, and is somewhat disappointed to find that they’re still walking alongside the cliff, the ocean stretching out before his eyes in the distance. It appears to be a little less rocky though, and the grass looks a lot healthier. The wind is less intense here and even though it’s still cloudy, the rain has stopped. The sea looks calm and even, but holds no appeal for Hux. His mother apparently died at a beach like this, with her last thought being that she’d never see her only child again. Hux wishes that he would not be bothered by it the way he is. After all, he barely knew her. He also wasn’t exactly aware that their bond was so strong that he would be able to see her death in his dreams without actually having been there to witness it. Unless- Unless, the images were put there intentionally. By an external force. Something or someone might have wanted him to know the truth. Hux’s thoughts are interrupted when he feels himself and the stretcher being lowered cautiously until his back is pressed against solid ground. Ren’s breaths are sharpened by the modulator, making his exhausted panting even more apparent when he detaches the lightsaber from his belt. Hux can only peek up at him, unable to see anything that lies behind him. “Try to get up”, Ren suddenly says, and Hux unbelievingly realizes that he’s being serious, “I know you want to.” “Obviously”, Hux says, lifting a hand and demonstratively dropping it again, “it doesn’t matter how strongly I wish to.” Ren is right - being carried around on a stretcher like an invalid is not an entrance Hux deems dignified and representative of his position. However, considering that Ren just recently told him his fever will kill him if not seen to, the thought of simply getting to his feet seems far-fetched, to say the least. “I will help. Try it.” Ren is now facing him. If he’s making fun of Hux, the mask is hiding it. Hux quickly starts feeling pressured by Ren’s tense, expectant silence, so he puts his doubts aside and grabs the bars on his sides as tightly as he can. He presses his eyes shut, expecting to be overwhelmed with agonizing pain at contracting the muscles in his upper body, holds his breath, prepares - Only to find that it’s bearable. Hux is in a sitting position when he opens his eyes again. The movement felt alien, rather unpleasant, yet easier and less painful than expected. “I don’t think I can put pressure on my leg”, Hux says, not looking up at Ren but down at his own feet. They don’t feel like they’re attached to his body. “You won’t have to. Take a deep breath.” Luckily, Hux complies instead of questioning it, because the next moment, he is pulled to his feet abruptly by invisible hands. He screams as pain explodes in his chest and his leg, rippling through the rest of his body and leaving him burning and shaking all over. “ Oh- my- ”, Hux pants, glaring at Ren in fury, “you should have- there should have been a warning, are you completely dense ?” He blacks out for a second, tries to regain his focus. “Pain is worse when you expect it.” “Wonderful. Got any other worldly wisdoms to share?”, Hux bites through gritted teeth, bending over, already wondering for how long he’ll be able to keep standing like this. “Yes. Get a grip and try moving your feet.” He wants to jump at Ren and strangle him on the spot. Hux’s blood is boiling with anger and embarrassment. Ren obviously has no idea what kind of pain he’s in, and that just standing and talking at the same time makes him long for unconsciousness again. And yet he takes another deep breath through his nose, concentrates on the ground before him and places one foot in front of the other. Hux takes another step after realizing that he was successful, and another after that, and a fourth one. When he threatens to stumble, the invisible grip is there to steady him. He comes to a stop in front of Ren, looking at where he believes his eyes to be behind the mask. “If you stopped using the Force on me right now”, Hux asks, trying not to let this sound as pathetic as it actually is, “would I collapse? Immediately?” “Yes.” Glancing down, Hux sneers. Yet another thing for Ren to expect some sort of appreciation for. It’s like Hux is a lifeless, spineless puppet, and Ren is holding his strings. Quite literally. “However”, Ren suddenly adds, “I don’t see why I should do so.” “I’m sure you don’t”, Hux utters in reply, angered by this evident mockery. If Hux were in Ren’s position, had that kind of control over him, he could surely think of ways to demonstrate his superiority. “You think I enjoy this”, Ren says flatly, and Hux stares daggers into Ren’s ridiculous helmet. “Of course you do.” There’s a short while where either of them is silently standing rooted to the spot. Then, Ren lifts his hand. Hux feels it instantly - the slight, but determined tug, strong enough to pull his unresistant body forward. The low hum of it vibrates in his ears, lets him know he’s surrounded by it, reassures him that struggling against it is futile. It’s unlike someone tugging on your shirt, or grabbing your arm and dragging you forward - it’s an omnipresent, evenly distributed pull that might as well be a push, external but flooding Hux at the same time. It makes Hux stumble towards Ren in a few, unsteady strides, and stops him when their bodies are mere inches apart. Hux can hear Ren’s breath, shallow and unnaturally slow, and if his head fell forward it would easily hit the cold metal of Ren’s mask. For a moment, Hux wavers, nervousness and unease draining out the burning ache of his injuries. He looks up - and feels the hum skip and his knees giving in. The suddenness of it makes him gasp, it’s so abrupt that Hux barely realizes what’s happening. When he’s sure he’s falling, arms too weak and slow to react in time, the hum returns, and Hux is held up again. His heart is beating so fast that he fears it might reopen the cuts in his chest. “You’re right”, Ren breaks the silence, looking down on Hux while letting his hand drop back to his side. Then, he turns his cloaked back on Hux and proceeds to walk in the direction of the village Hux only now finds they’re right in front of. It reminds him of entering the forest on their first day, only that the trees here aren’t nearly as huge. Small, wooden huts with leaky-looking, thatched roofs stand on either side of the muddy path that winds itself through the village. Hux wonders if this can even be considered a village. From where he stands, he can already see what he assumes to be the center - a roundish place, empty except for a few tree stumps and a fireplace. Hux wills himself to follow Ren, swearing to make him pay for his pathetic little display of power . He must be very desperate to look for validation in humiliating Hux, who is already weakened to the point of being unable to get up by himself. Hux, who let himself be weakened like this to save Ren’s worthless life. There’s no way Hux will let him get away with this. However, first of all he will need to recover in order to get back at Ren in an equally, if not more humiliating way. Until then, Hux will do well to remember that he’s dependant on Ren’s visions and his... persuasion skills . With Ren continuing to Force-support him, Hux moves - slowly, but it’s a start - towards the two stone pillars that frame the entrance of the little village. They could have been statues once, but atmospheric conditions and vegetation appear to have concealed whatever purpose they might have served in the past. Now they’re nothing more than pieces of rock, and ugly ones at that. Ren pays them no attention, doesn’t seem to pay attention to any of the details Hux has started analyzing, and instead makes his way to the first hut he sees with a determination Hux knows too well. Whomever Ren will find behind that shabby wooden door doesn’t stand a chance. A wind chime jingles excitedly when Ren lifts his hand and blasts the door open without touching it. Hux wants to order him to wait but is not quick enough. The complete silence makes the crash of the splintering wood and the jingling chimes sound even louder. “Out”, Ren barks at someone Hux can’t see yet, and he can’t decide whether it’s anticipation that makes him hold his breath or fear. “Come out. I will not hesitate to make you”, Ren repeats when nothing happens. And then, very sluggishly, Hux watches an old, wrinkly looking creature emerge from the darkness of the hut. Shakily, carefully it sets one foot in front of the other, approaching Ren as if in slow-motion. Only at second glance does Hux realize that the creature is not in fact just some creature - it’s an old, Mirialan woman. Very old, it seems - her head barely reaches up to Ren’s chest, and her long, spidery fingers are tightly clutching a wooden staff, probably making sure she isn’t blown away by the next wind gust. Even though everything about her looks fragile and unsteady, her face is hard and fearless. Her hair is hidden beneath the big hood of her brownish cloak. Her uneven skin is a deep olive green. Many dark, symmetrical lines cover her face. The Mirialan tattoos have always reminded Hux of war paint, more of a statement than a defining feature, even though he knows that it’s part of their culture and nature and has nothing to do with displaying an aggressive attitude. Her dark lips form to a sneer when she lifts her head to meet the gaze she can’t see. “What do you want”, she snarls, her voice much stronger and darker than Hux would have expected. “Are you skilled in healing?”, Ren inquires, unwavering. “Indeed.” Hux can already feel Ren’s impatience with her. “His wounds need immediate healing”, Ren says flatly, gesturing in Hux’s general direction, “You will make sure he recovers.” Just charming . This is not going to work, if the sour look the woman shoots Hux then is anything to go by. “And if I don’t comply you will force me to, I assume?” Ren’s lightsaber flickers to life with a crack. “Indeed.” “I don’t appreciate being spoken to like that. You come to my house, destroy my door, in disguise. Why should I do you this favor? You kill me, he dies. You could torture me, but I’m warning you - torturing me is no fun. I know torture, know all about it.” “That’s what they all say. It’s not always physical torture that is most effective.” “Impressive. However, he doesn’t look like he needs this kind of healing. He looks just fine.” It’s too sudden to take it all in at once - the hum disappears, the grip is gone, Hux’s knees give in and the next moment, he’s lying in the mud and screaming in pain. He can no longer locate the pain, it’s not in his leg, not his chest, not his head, it’s everywhere. The sky and the trees above him are spinning and he can’t remember ever having felt this helpless. “I know your ignorance is only pretense. You are experienced, and acquainted with the ways of the Force. You will help him and I will spare you. And your granddaughter.” Hux can’t see them, only hears the long, tense silence that follows. “You won’t touch her.” “You know my conditions, woman. It’s easy.” When Hux is about to pass out, he feels the grip and the hum returning, keeping him awake and lifting his upper body until he’s in a sitting position. Just the right angle to see Ren extending his hand forcefully and summoning a second figure, shrieking out of surprise. At unnatural speed, she seems to soar through the air, her voice silenced when Ren’s hand connects with her throat - the granddaughter Ren must have spoken of. The old Mirialan lifts her free hand immediately and with unexpectedly youthful ease, but her whole body freezes as soon as her arm is fully outstretched. “Don’t you dare trying basics on me. Force-blasts will get you nowhere”, Ren spits, now holding both women tightly under his control - and, much to his dismay, Hux too. The girl is, unsurprisingly, of Mirialan origin as well, with olive skin and dark lines, though much fewer of them grace her face than her grandmother’s. Hux can’t see many details, however he can determine that she’s slim and almost matches Ren in height. “When I release you”, Ren growls at the paralyzed older woman, “you will announce your decision. Healing him is your first option, suffering your second. Be glad you’re given the choice.” Hux counts the seconds. When he reaches three, the woman’s tenseness eases and the staff drops to the ground with a thud. She pants from the effort of standing upright without it, but doesn’t quit staring at Ren’s mask. “I will heal him”, she croaks as though having been choked, “if you do these two things I ask of you.” “You’re in no position to ask anything of me”, Ren shoots, lifting his saber. “First, you’ll let go of my granddaughter. Second, you will take off that mask. Then I’ll do anything to tend to every single one of your friend’s injuries.” Friend. Hux cringes at the choice of expression, but doesn’t avert his eyes from the scene for a single second. This should be easy - the old woman isn’t asking for much, from Hux’s perspective. Ren can’t kill her, everyone knows this including Ren himself, and torturing her will most likely have negative impact on her healing abilities and her concentration. It would be wise to find a way to avoid having to go to extremes, saving them all much time and effort. This idea, however, would imply that Ren is capable of repressing his easily roused anger and able to make logical and rational decisions in situations of stress that also seem optimal for everyone involved. “Why would you want me to remove the mask?”, Ren says, his irritation obvious despite the aural alterations inflicted by the modulator. “Because I see no reason to wear it. I am not afraid of you, whether you’re hiding your face or not. This problem can be solved peacefully, so this is what I’m offering to make it work. You have already pried around in my mind, and you saw the honesty in my words. Take it off.” Her calm aura is frightening in a way Ren’s lightsaber or his mask or his fury could never be. It’s wisdom and experience she radiates, the kind of attitude Hux is usually good at keeping as well - except when it comes to interacting with Ren. “Listen carefully. Whatever promises you’ll come up with, I will not take off this mask, even if you offered to heal a thousand of my injured allies-” “For goodness’ sake, Ren, just take off the damn thing!”, Hux finds himself shouting before he can help it, the ache in his chest reminding him just how badly he’s in need of what the old Mirialan is not only able, but now willing to give him. Ren is making this whole affair unnecessarily complicated and Hux is tired of it, especially since his life just happens to depend on how quickly his wounds are seen to. His outburst earns him three heads turning around sharply in what he believes to be surprise. Of course, Ren is the first one to talk back at him. “No. You have no say in this, and she can’t ask this of me-” “I am dying, Ren, and yes, she can.” A child. Hux is in the company of an actual child, one that he has to bargain with in order to assert himself. Telling him he has no say in this when it’s Hux who’s at the brink of death isn’t something an adult would say. Hux is about to start yelling at Ren again when he watches the impossible happen. With a harsh intake of air, the girl Ren is holding drops to the ground, every breath following sounding like her throat has been squeezed awfully hard. Her grandmother rushes over instantly, dropping to her knees and cradling her in her arms to make sure she’s alright. All Ren does is face away from Hux, lift both his hands and place them on the clasps of his mask. Hux watches in astonishment as he pulls it off and drops it carelessly, as though he has not just thrown a fit over wanting to keep it on. Both women look at the helmet, startled by the clanking sound its impact made. They proceed to get to their feet, the old one ironically helping the younger one up. Their eyes wander to Ren’s face at the same time. While the wrinkly eyes of the old Mirialan remain cold and unimpressed, the girl’s eyes narrow before growing wide. Had Hux in any way anticipated what would happen next, he would have supported Ren with not giving in to the old woman’s requests. “Ben?” It’s too silent after the girl says what Hux is sure will be her last word. He feels the hum keeping him upright quivering, continuously fading and returning again so quickly and irregularly it makes Hux sway. Unable to see Ren’s expression, Hux hopes frantically that he won’t have to watch Ren’s lightsaber cut the necks of his only chance to survive. “Ben, it’s me. Ahni Khaleesa.” “We’ve never met.” “We have, we- we trained together, as kids, with L-” “I don’t know you. And you don’t know me.” “You must feel that it’s me. I know your presence, you must know mine-” “Shut up!” And she does. Ren looks calm, but his voice is full of confusion and hatred, which Hux finds scarier than his usual tantrums. Just by his voice, Ren could be tearing up and shaking with fury, just by his face, he could be attending a particularly boring meeting. It might be him trying to conceal this emotional outburst without the mask doing it for him - though obviously he’s failing miserably and appears even madder than usual. “The boy you knew is dead. I killed him. And now, you’ll be quiet if your ability to breathe means anything to you. You, get the healing done”, Ren barks at the old woman and seems to give her a Force-push in Hux’s direction as she’s suddenly stumbling towards him. He feels his upper body sinking slowly to the ground, carefully as though supported by hands. Hux knows, however, that there are no hands and that there’s certainly no support. The hard, almost steel-like features of the old Mirialan then block Hux’s view of the grey sky, her eyes less scrutinizing and accusing than he would have anticipated. “Close your eyes and concentrate on the sensation. Not the sensation of my touch, but rather the one that will be flooding you. It will be done a lot quicker if you not only allow it, but desire it to move freely within you.” “You bet I want it to move freely within me”, Hux utters spitefully, the tone of the old woman’s voice making him feel like a child with a papercut. “Now”, she continues, obviously pretending to have ignored Hux’s snide remark, “relax. It’s going to feel cold, unpleasantly so, to a degree.” “I might just endure a little cold if it saves my life.” She presses her lips into a thin line and stretches out a wizened hand, bringing it down to Hux’s damaged upper leg. Without removing the bandages, she applies pressure on the injury, not enough to be painful but enough to make Hux uneasy. She closes her eyes, tips her head back and takes a deep breath. At first, nothing happens, and Hux waits. He forces himself to think of something calming, something that might distract him from the fact that a complete stranger is trying some bizarre hocus-pocus ritual on him in order to keep him from dying a miserable death. Mern, Isk, Grek, Herf, Trill, a voice in his head whispers. It eases the nervousness only partially. Hux wonders if this is going to hurt. Or whether the old woman has tricked both Ren and him and those will be his last breaths. But didn’t she claim to know that Ren believes her? That he sensed the truth in her words and the innocence of her intentions? Then again, how did Ren feel this with his Force-perception corrupted? He couldn’t sense the panthac attacking them, how can sense things now? Did he lie? Did he tell Hux some sob-story about being broken so he wouldn’t mock him for his failure? “You’re not relaxing”, the Mirialan pronounces solemnly, then seems to turn around to look at Ren, “he’s not relaxing.” As if Ren could contribute to changing this. “I’m trying”, Hux rasps, feeling weaker with every second. “You must try harder.” She closes her eyes again. So, this is fine. Relief is close, soon the pain will be gone, all Hux will have to do is allow that dubious sensation to flow into his body and let it do its work. No, desire it to do its work. Hux has to want this. So he wants this more than anything at the moment, wants this with all his might. This is what he’s been waiting for, this will bring him back to health, make him strong again. This needs to happen so he can accomplish this mission. He wants it more than anything or anyone. It feels wrong to think this, for some reason, but it has to be. The sensation Hux has been waiting for starts to sink into his leg. Slowly but steadily it reaches the ripped skin, seeps into his flesh, then into his torn muscles. It’s cold indeed, icy, in fact. A cold that’s neither pleasant nor particularly unpleasant, simply alien. It feels like drinking ice cold water, but since that feeling is now located far from his stomach, it causes an involuntary conflict in Hux’s brain. Technically, this is impossible. This is illogical - every fibre of Hux’s being refuses to believe this to be real. A wound this deep cannot be healed just by someone’s touch. “It will take ages like this”, the old woman says, her voice sounding strained, “do you wish to be healed before nightfall? Do you wish to be healed at all?” “Yes”, Hux sighs, trying to rid himself of every doubtful thought, “yes, but I just can’t seem to- this, this is surreal-” His self-control and discipline have always been the traits Hux admires most about himself, which leaves him clueless as to why he can’t put to use either one of them right now. He shuts his eyes. He can make this work. The press of the wrinkly hand on his thigh gets heavier and makes Hux wince. He feels the cold returning, and he feels a slight difference, too - it’s less foreign now, slightly more pleasant. Still, some of Hux’s defenses won’t go down. He’s not sure whether he can will himself to trust this woman enough to let the sensation flood him completely. Hux doesn’t understand why it’s then that his inner eye produces an image of an unmasked Ren. Ren isn’t involved in this, not directly. But what if he was? At first, Hux is shocked by the thought, by its bluntness and its suddenness. What if Ren were capable of healing wounds? Would it feel like this, or different? Would Ren be just as careful and squeamish or would he just go for it, regardless of Hux’s inner turmoil? What if it was not, in fact, the old woman’s energy he’s feeling, but Ren’s? It isn’t, of course. But the idea is comforting in a way that scares Hux. It’s easy to imagine Ren’s hand pressing down on him instead of the wrinkly one, and it’s easy to imagine Ren telling him to stop whining and get a grip on himself. It’s suddenly easy to relax and free his mind of the last bits of uncertainty. This might be a near death experience, Hux might be delusional and slowly losing control over his own thoughts. However, deep down he knows that he’s about to distance himself from death’s door. Without warning, the cold spreads further and reaches a completely new level of intensity. It gets gradually colder and crawls through his veins, numbing his leg like a narcotic - though it doesn’t exactly feel like an injection. More like a being, a living thing cursing through Hux’s blood and rushing to repair any damage. No, correction - a thousand, maybe thousands of tiny creatures scrabbling within him, patching him up. Hux almost laughs at how insane this sounds, even in his own head. His leg feels neither warm nor cold when the hand is removed, it feels nonexistent. Hux is sure it was taken off, but he doesn’t dare open his eyes. The imaginary Ren proceeds to check Hux’s face for a feedback of some kind, with that pitying look he’s given Hux so often now. He adjusts his legs and slides closer until his knees are level with Hux’s chest. He stretches out both of his hands and lets them rest on Hux’s shoulders, gives them a light squeeze. The touch feels so real that it startles Hux momentarily, and even though he knows that his shoulders are uninjured and no one has any reason to touch them, he’s convinced that the hands are there. He’s also convinced that they belong to Ren. The tingly sensation in Hux’s thigh then informs him that his leg is, contrary to his earlier assessment, still connected to his body. Something brushes Hux’s neck and his stomach turns. The imaginary Ren removes his hands and places them on Hux’s chest, yet the touch remains firm on his shoulders, keeping the anxiety at bay with soft determination. Then, almost explosively, the cold expands in Hux’s ribcage. He inhales sharply, expecting pain, but there’s nothing but gentle waves of ice that lap at his insides. It’s unlike anything he’s ever felt. This second time the cold didn’t feel like an intruder, but rather like an inhabitant brought to life by the warmth of the hands touching Hux. Like before, his chest slowly starts numbing, all feeling leaving it until Hux once again starts wondering whether he’s been drugged. It isn’t entirely implausible - the pain he felt before would have easily concealed the sting of an injection needle. Immediately, the image of Ren returns. For some reason, the sun is shining in this scenario behind Hux’s eyelids, and he feels warm despite the chilliness within him. Ren is observing him openly, not hiding behind his hair or his mask, not facing away, not avoiding Hux’s gaze. Hatred seems to have left him, making way for an expression Hux has never seen him wear before. He’s smiling. The lack of cruelty in Ren’s look is disturbing and Hux is at a loss how to retreat from how positively he receives this - the realization that he’s enjoying this sickens him. Am I dying?, Hux asks in his mind, even though he knows that he’s far from it. No, Ren says, but the voice ringing in Hux’s ears doesn’t belong to him. Open your eyes , Ren adds calmly, again with an old woman’s voice. Ren’s hands, the contours of his face, his smile, everything starts fading slowly, until it’s all displaced by the harsh, clear picture of reality. The first thing Hux sees is the sky, and it’s grey. His uninjured hand moves to his chest instinctively, the crusty bandages rough beneath his fingers. Except for a minor ache in his wrist, Hux feels no pain. For a few seconds, he thinks he might still be dreaming. Hux might have been thrown into yet another hallucination, or trance, caused by the pain. This is too good to be true. However, the truth of his successful healing comes more and more within reach as Hux rolls to his side, pushes himself up and starts getting to his feet - even if his knees still feel wobbly and fragile and his brain still feels like achy mush. Unable to suppress the sudden rush of joy overwhelming him, he huffs a disbelieving laugh and looks up to search for Ren. When he finds him, Ren is just letting his gaze roam from Hux’s leg up to his chest, expression not giving away what he might be thinking. Ren meets Hux’s eyes when he reignites his lightsaber, its crackling and humming ripping through the silence. “Well then”, he says, turning to face the girl, “since you should have died with all your classmates long ago, I think I should start with you.”