I NEED A DOCTOR! Growing up in the wilderness was beautiful… but also not easy. The jungle of Felucia held many dangers , including carnivorous plants and rancor encounters. There weren’t many of those though, the human settlement you were raised in being situated as far away from other species as possible. You passion for herbs began when you were still just a child. One of them bit you and your adoptive mother placed a leaf on the wound. It was all gone, no more pain, no more bleeding. You soon started to spend all of your time researching and experimenting their healing properties. As your infatuation grew stronger and stronger it came as no surprise for anyone when you decided to move on Coruscant to study the art of medicine. Your adoptive parents weren’t very wealthy, basically living off the land, but loving you without any measure they really wanted to help in pursuit of your dreams so, they used all of their savings to pay off a pilot , who often came to your planet in trading matters. But life in Galactic City, was not what you had imagined. You passed the entrance exam at the medical school without any problems and considering your already cultivated talent you managed to surpass everyone, being top in your class. So how did you end up working in this weird coffee shop? Here is the issue: being raised on a jungle planet did in fact make you a little wild. And you talk a lot. A LOT. Well, maybe wild is not exactly the word to describe you but you are a free spirited person so you were never afraid to speak your mind, to stand your ground. Little did you know that society doesn’t work that way. Soon enough you became involved in fist fights with your classmates and arguments with your teachers. By the end of graduation day everybody had internships or jobs, meanwhile you… had a very beautiful miss-conduct file and no friends. You sigh, banging your head on the counter gently. ‘Ergh’ you groan pushing 2 cups of cappuccino to the waitress. Originally posted by yourcoffeeguru ‘Thank you Y/N’ she puts them on a tray smiling. ‘You’re always smiling. Like all the time. Do you even have a reason?’ you ask her frowning. ‘Thank you Y/N’ she repeats as she leaves. ‘I literally hate you’ . You clench your fists in frustration. ‘There’s nothing to be happy about’ you yell after her ‘You work in a secluded bar,serving people who have enough money to waste it on coffees all day, while we barely make rent, It’s actually pretty sad’. You sniff in a breath and exhale, trying to calm yourself down. You see your boss looking at you. He’s a mon calamari whom you call Jack. That’s not his actual name but he always speaks in mon cal which you don’t actually understand, so you just decided to address him like that. ‘I’m right, am I not , Jack? You know…’ you approach him and lean against the bar realizing he was having a conversation with one of his fellows. ‘Oh I’m sorry , am I disturbing something?’ you look at them confused. They speak in mon cal. Originally posted by captainskysolo ‘What does this bitch want?’ his friend asks, sitting on a stool, sipping his drink. ‘Why does she call you Jack?’ ‘I don’t know’ your boss replies ‘I think that’s how my real name resonated to her.But she talks a lot, I just pretend I don’t speak basic so she’d leave me alone’ ‘It doesn’t look like it’s working’ the first one laughs strangely. ‘Yes, but she’s pretty and humans like her. I just keep her because her face brings in costumers’ the boss joins in the laughter. ‘So it’s ok if I step in?’ you ask. He tries to say something. ‘You know , Jack I don’t speak mon cal and I know you can’t understand me but I feel like you actually do, you know? Like our connection is higher than language boundaries. And I just want to tell you I’m sorry I said that about this job, but it is the truth’ You take a napkin and blow your nose. ‘Sorry, allergies’ you fake a smile ‘But you didn’t deserve that, because you’re a great boss. I mean, you know I’m only working here until I find a job in the medical field ‘ You stop and look at the other mon calamari in front of you. ‘I am a doctor’ you tell him with confidence. ‘On paper , at least’ you add , almost whispering. ‘Did Jack ever mention that to you?’ He opens his mouth trying to speak. ‘Anyways’ you stop him with a hand gesture ‘I’m sure he did….. wait’ you turn around and sneeze. ‘Aaaaaa-chu’ ‘Does she ever shut up?’ Jack’s friend asks in mon cal. ‘No, just smile and she’ll go away eventually’ he responds annoyed. ‘What was I saying?’ You place your elbows on the wooden surface. ‘Mhm I don’t know, I don’t really have political views….. but I feel like maybe this war with the First Order is not something that bad’ You look at your boss’s friend again. ‘I’m going to call you Jim, to make this easier.’ ‘ OUR SOCIETY IS SICK JIM’ you smack your hands on the counter , suddenly annoyed. He leans back, startled ‘Is she going to hit me?’ ‘EXACTLY’ you reply, pretending he said something you understood’ That’s exactly my point, we value fake smiles and pretty faces more than… mhm honesty and actual KNOWLEDGE. I mean I graduated first in my class, I’m a great doctor but you know what they told me at interviews? That…’ you start to gesticulate with your hands ‘I’m too, honest, direct……I act on impulse’ You roll your eyes. ‘And then there’s my behavior file , but that is not important..’ ‘Just make her leave Ja’queel, or I will’ “Jim” tells your boss. ‘That’s what I’m saying. Thank you Jim’ you continue your imaginary conversation with them. Meanwhile, in the corner of the bar two strange men are having beers. ‘Did you hear what that bartender said about politics?’ the first one asks. ‘Yeah, I did’ the second one pours some more beer into his glass. ‘Well General Hux said whoever brings a new qualified doctor to the base gets a raise’ His friend laughs ‘Are you insane Tim? Kylo Ren chocked our last 3 leading medics to death. You think no one tried to get that extra money? Or that no one wants that position ? They do, but as soon as they hear where, and who they take orders from… they just run. People are scared, man , rumors spread fast’ he shakes his head. ‘Well , I’m still going to try. There’s just us and 3 nurses in the infirmary. You know the rest bailed after the incidents. We need a physician and soon. Before he kills us too.’ He clears his throat ‘Oh, I really hope we find a doctor for that FREE position, until we have to go back to work, Billy!’ he almost yells the words. ‘Do you think she heard?’ he whispers. ‘Oh I think the whole galaxy heard’ Billy laughs, finishing his drink. ‘Just a second guys’ You stop sharing your opinions to your mon calamari “friends” . You step towards the men’s table, curiously. ‘Oh finally, I was going insane’ your boss tells ‘Jim’. ‘Quick, let’s leave before she comes back’ they sneak through the back door. ‘Excuse me…. I’m sorry’ you take a seat uninvited, facing them ‘ I don’t want to intrude but , are you looking for a doctor?’ you ask. ‘Oh yeah’ Tim smiles ‘We work in a big, big private medical section. I’m the supplier , Tim and this is Bill’ he points to the other man ‘He’s our medical engineer , he makes sure that…’ You interrupt him ‘Stop. I know what a medical engineer does. Ok, I am a doctor, I am interested about this job, give me more details’ you demand. ‘Well it’s actually a leading doctor position. I don’t know if you’re qualified’ Tim replies, looking the other way. ‘Tim, it was Tim right? Not important, The thing is I graduated first in my class. I know I have no experience but just please at least grant me an interview, please , I at least want to try’ you plead in excitement. ‘Oh well ok’ he says calmly. ‘It’s on Starkiller Base’ he adds really fast. ‘The job is yours’ ‘Wait WHAT?’ You raise your brows in surprise. ‘Woooo wooo’ You wave your hands in the air. ‘Tim do you realize where I work? This is a coffee shop. You know what this is? It’s the gossip heaven. I know shit. Kylo Ren killed your last medics because he………I bet even he doesn’t know why, okay? I’m not a fool’ ‘Ok Ok I’m sorry, I did not mean to offend you miss….’ He awaits your answer. ‘Dr. Y/N ,Y/L/N’ you introduce yourself. ‘Miss Y/L/N’ he continues. ‘I just heard what you said about how you don’t have any political views and I find that very interesting. And It’s normal,you are a doctor and I just thought you wanted to save lives, to help people no matter where they stand, you know, politically. And the commander? I just assumed you’re not scared of a little challenge’ he swallows in thin air , looking at Billy with the corner of his eye, hoping this little reverse psychology game worked. You place a hand on your chin, admiring the ceiling. An awkward silence installs in the air. ‘You know WHAT GUYS?’ you smack your hands down the table, scaring them. ‘No, what?’ Billy takes a sip from his glass, trying to shake away the startle. ‘You’re right. You are absolutely right. I am a doctor. I took a vow to help and to cure anyone and… that means anyone. I don’t care about sides as long as I’m saving people. That’s not what a doctor should do. Thank you Tim, for reminding me.’ ‘You’re welcome’ he replies shocked that his strategy played off. Billy coughs. ‘What about the commander?’ ‘Pfft’ you furrow. ‘Bill , I grew up on a planet where PLANTS ATE PEOPLE. I’m not scared of him’ you fake a confident face , taking his bottle and drinking it to the bottom. ‘That’s actually my beer’ He states right before Jim elbows him, whispering: ‘Shut up , man!’ You exhale. ‘I know. I’m sorry , I’ll buy you another one’ ‘It’s ok’ Billy reassures. ‘Ok great , when do we leave?’ you ask in excitement. ‘Tomorrow’ Tim stands up. ‘So let’s take your bags and everything…’ ‘Are you joking me right now?’ you look at him shocked. The three of you go outside. He places a hand on your shoulder. ‘No touching Tim, I mean…’ you push his hand away ‘I think you’re a nice person but I don’t like you romantically so..’ ‘OMG NO’ he takes a step away from you ‘I didn’t want to… imply that’ he stutters. Billy starts laughing, walking behind both of you. ‘Oh FUCK , I totally forgot. Be right back guys , I have to say goodbye to Jack, he’s my best friend’ you turn around suddenly. ‘Your best friend is a mon calamari who doesn’t speak basic?’ Tim asks , mockingly looking at this friend. ‘Yeah’ you state in confidence. ‘He’s gonna be devastated’ you sigh , running back into the coffee shop. They both start laughing confused ‘Man, I think she’s crazy’ Billy states amused. Soon after you said your farewell to “Jack” you went home and packed your belongings. You didn’t have that much in your tiny apartment. Just a few clothes and a couple of reminders of home, including a small carnivorous plant you are raising. ‘We’re moving LuLu’ you address the flower. ‘Do you think that this is a bad decision? I mean, this is a medical position after all. A leading one too. And at the end of the day it doesn’t matter you know? The first order, The Resistance, balalalaa’ You step on your luggage with one leg, trying to close it. ‘That’s just bullshit. Everybody is a human being… STUPID zipper’ you start punching it. ‘oh well I’m not sure if they have aliens in their staff….BUT, what I’m trying to say Lulu is that everyone is a…. living soul ?!‘ you resume your monologue, sitting on the suitcase, pushing it down with your butt ‘ And they deserve saving. But… I did lie about the other thing. I am a little scared about the fact that one of their commanders is a serial killer psychopath’ You stand up and kick you baggage. ‘You know sometimes I wish you were a real person so you could help me around with stuff, like right know, closing this zipper’ You continue the struggle. ‘Ah, done!’. You clap at yourself. The next morning you wake up and travel to the meeting place the guys instructed you. You arrive and spot them standing outside a transport shuttle. ‘Hey guuysss, OMG are we flying with this thing?’ you take a look , stroking the opened door with your fingers. ‘Here Bill, hold Lulu’ you pass him the plant, interrupting whatever he was about to say. You run inside , rolling your trolley behind you ‘Ohh this looks small on the outside but it’s actually pretty big’ You admire it, touching stuff you were probably not supposed to. ‘But do you have a pilot or…’ ‘Well this is Michael. He’s a pilot. We all had a leave so we came here to visit our families’ Billy replies annoyed, giving you your flower back. ‘And next time you give me something to hold Y/N, please mention if it BITES’ he adds scratching his nose. Tim laughs . ‘Well I’m sorry Bill, I thought you were smarter than trying to smell a carnivorous plant’ you raise a brow. ‘Anyways who’s Michael?’ ‘I am, hello!’ he coughs behind you. ‘Oh Hi’ you shake his hand. ‘So listen , I have one question. On a scale from 1 to 10, how would you grade yourself, as a pilot?….. Like I think I am afraid of flying but I’m not actually sure. I only experienced this once before when I arrived here so I have mixed feelings about it , but it would really mean a lot If I’d knew how much confidence you have in your skills’ Michael starts laughing , leaving towards his cabin ‘Is she for real? Oh man, you’re all going to die Hahaha’ ‘Is it just me , or was that a little mean?’ you ask Tim. ‘Do you think he doesn’t like me or…?.. Oh I don’t care, I’m used to it’ you take a seat. Billy sighs. You spent the rest of the journey admiring space or rambling about different opinions you have on medical interventions and society. ‘And that’s what I think about wormholes, don’t you agree Tim?’ you ask, looking at the floor confused. ‘Are we landing?’ ‘ARGH OMG we’re finally here’ Billy stands up and opens the door agitated. You follow him and Tim through out the base. ‘Wow this is really big. Like Really big’ Billy rolls his eyes’ This was your idea ‘ he whispers angry, pointing Tim with his index , before leaving in another direction . ‘Y/N, don’t fall behind , you’ll get lost’ Tim yells. ‘Where is Bill going? Woooooo’ you run, catching up with him .‘Are these stormtroopers?’ You watch amazed as a couple of them pass by you. Originally posted by destroythesith ‘Yeah, Come on , I’ll show you where your room is and the medical facility’ he adds. ‘Do they always walk around like this? In their white costumes?’ you ask, looking at them. ‘Pretty much’ he drags you by the hand ‘Y/N don’t stare!’ ‘I wonder what it would sound like if you knock on it’ you frown. ‘If you what?’ Tim shakes his head and pushes into a room after entering a code. ‘This is your room code - 0000 , you can change it to whatever you want’ ‘Woooo this is all mine?’ you admire your new quarters. ‘Yeah come on’ he grabs your arm once more ’I’ll show you where you’ll work, oh! and Y/N’ he stops you by the shoulders, looking into your eyes seriously. ‘Mhm?’ you smile, the contact making you feel awkward. ‘Promise me, you won’t knock on a stromtrooper’s costume’ he blinks. ‘I promise’ You both continue your way. ‘But I was just curious you know, like does it sound metal or…. Not at all because it’s not empty?’ He exhales, blinking a few times. ‘Ok , we’re here, this is it’ ‘OMG you weren’t kidding, this is big. And it has the latest technology. Is that a….’ you run towards a machinery. ‘Ok this is not even on the market yet, how did you get this? No waaaay’ you start checking things out. ‘Y/N don’t touch that!!’ Billy yells , approaching you angrily. ‘I will explain how everything works but until then please, stop messing with the devices. They are expensive’. ‘Fine, whatever, you don’t have to scream’ you sit down on a hospital bed. ‘So where’s the staff?’ ‘Well there are 3 nurses, but they’re at lunch now’ He pouts. ‘And?…’ you ask. ‘That’s it, oh and us ofcourse, although we’re not doctors or anything’ he smiles and claps one time. ‘Ok, I reported you occupied this position and took your luggage inside your room. I put LuLu on the bedside table. I think we’re done. Welcome to the team.’ he prepares to leave. ‘ARE you fucking kidding me???’ you raise your voice annoyed. You spent the rest of the day meeting the nurses and exploring your room. And by exploring I mean push every button you could find, before sleep took over and you went to bet. You wake up excited, throwing the blankets all over. You jump off the bed. ‘It’s going to be awesome Lulu’ you yell, hitting the shower. You take your flower and hum a song on your way to the medical area. Well it wasn’t as great as you had imagined , the personnel was obviously out-numbered and scared but, you could make this work, couldn’t you? ‘Hey guys’ you salute the nurses putting on a white coat and entering your office. ‘I can’t believe this is all mine’ you throw yourself into a rolling chair, and place Lulu on the desk. You start spinning when out of nowhere you hear a blipping sound. You turn around ‘oh, a droid. Hello there little guy’ you stand up and crouch in front of it ‘What’s your name?’ The droid blips and displays a message. You read it out loud.‘BP4 -4398 . WHAT? That’s so sad.I’m gonna call you…… Freddie. Yes , way better’ A few hours pass and after going through dozens of subjects with Freddie, your boredom finally kicks in. You bang your head on the desk. ‘Arhh… this is so boring, why isn’t anyone sick?’ Suddenly someone starts knocking continuously on your door. You rush to open it. ‘Oh finally, some action’. ‘Doc, quickly, we have a situation’ a nurse says leading the way. You step outside your office and see two stormtroopers holding a massive figure , all dressed and cloaked in black, with a scary mask hiding his face. ‘There was an explosion on the battlefield. I believe he’s unconscious’ one of them says as they place him on a bed. ‘Woo, is this Kylo Ren?’ you ask, stepping closer so you can take a better look. ‘Ok , his arm looks injured, I’ll need to’ you turn around , but there’s nobody left . ‘Where’d you all go?’ you can hear doors shutting and locking. ‘Seriously? You’re just going to leave me here…….alone with him? That’s soooo professional of you guys’ you raise your tone. You exhale ‘Ok Y/N, this is what you’re trained for. Let’s see what we have here’ . It looks like the commander was indeed unconscious , most probably from the blast. What concerned you though is his soaking in blood sleeve. But before attending to that, you needed to know if he has actual physical harm to the head. ‘We need to get this , scary mask off’ You touch it , in search of some opening device. You press two small buttons , yelping at the hissing sound it made. ‘Oh there we go’ you slowly remove it and place it on a table. ‘Urgh nasty bruise’ you spot the place where he got hit. You use a hand scanner to see if there’s any brain damage. As you move it back and forth slowly you can’t stop admiring him, actually feeling attracted to his black, wavy hair, clear face and round, rosy lips. ‘Wow, he’s so young’ you think to yourself. The scanner alarm goes off, startling you back to reality. There’s nothing out of the ordinary so you’ll just need to patch up his arm. You start to hum and clean his wound right after cutting off the sleeve. And then you can’t stop to wonder…. What if he’s hurt in other places too? You need to strip him but he’s so big and everybody else ran off scared. You sigh and start to remove his clothes. You manage to take off his cloak and blouse but have problems with his pants. ‘Your ass is so heavy’ you try to pull them down ’ Ok if I could just roll you a bit’ you use more force and remain shocked at the sight of his now topless body falling on the floor in front of you. ‘Fuck fuck fuck fuck’ you panic. ‘Please don’t wake up, please don’t wake up’ you close your eyes scared. You open one. Nothing happens. ‘Oh thanks Lord’ you exhale in relief and lean in to pull down his pants, throwing them on a random bed. ‘Oh okay’ you raise your brows . ‘Somebody’s , equipped’ you cough , looking around ‘Nobody heard that….I hope!’ You clear your throat, resuming to your patient . ‘Let’s get you back on the bed’ You grab his arms and try to lift him. ‘Argh’ you groan ‘Fuck you’re heavy. Ok’ you release him back on the floor wiping drops of sweat from your forehead. ‘I should work out a little’ you nod to yourself. ‘I need another plan’ You stand up on the bed determined , take his hands and try to pull him up. ‘Arghhh’ you groan, trying your best but with no use. You give up once more. ‘Fuck man, how much do you weigh?’ you sigh. You look at him laying on the floor. ‘How did I get into this mess? ..’ ‘OH I’ve got an idea’ you crouch with your back at him, placing his hands around your neck. ‘Ok’ you whine and lift him with the strength of your back, throwing the both of you on the bed. ‘Oh my god’ you push his hands away and grab his legs , arranging them on the bed. ‘Perfect’ you clap at yourself. ‘Ok ….’ You examine his body. There’s no other injuries, he’s basically just sleeping, really deep. Looks like you’re done , he just needs antibiotic treatment to prevent his wound from infection. ‘La la la ‘ you sing preparing a syringe-like device, placing it on a metal tray. You sit down at the edge of his bed, holding it in your lap. ‘Let’s find a vein’ . You think. But he’s so muscular you won’t have any prblems with that. You stoke his arm, feeling his firmness with the tip of your fingers. ‘So well built’. Suddenly you feel hot. You can’t breathe. Kylo Ren woke up and he’s choking you with his healthy hand. You try to speak but you can’t. In this rhythm you are going to faint, or even worse die. You now realize, in these moments which might be your last, why everybody scattered and why the staff is so thin. With what’s left of your strength you take the tray from your knees and smack him on the head, really hard. You can feel air flooding your lungs again. You exhale, coughing. ‘OMG OMG OMG ‘ You stand up and walk around in circles. ‘I’m so dead!’ Too afraid to remain in the same room with him, you go into your office and lock yourself in. Exhaustion must’ve kicked in because at some point you’ve fallen asleep in your chair. You’re leaning against the backrest, your feet on the desk, quietly snoring with your mouth opened. For some reason, you suddenly feel unrested, like someone is staring at you. And then you remembered what happened, you can’t be sleeping in a time lke this. You open your eyes . The commander is standing on the threshold , with his good hand extended towards you, looking at you so angry that you could actually feel his gaze piercing through your soul. ‘Waaaaaaaaah’ you freak out and fall on your ass. You hear him pacing so you walk on your fours to the other side of the desk and stand up. ‘You are going to make me chase you around this stupid object after you hit me with that stupid metal thing?’ he asks in a low tone. ‘I’m going to try?’ you look around in search for some sort of weapon to fight him but instead you close your eyes, really squeezing them , mumbling to yourself, repeatedly. ‘Please don’t use the force and choke me to death’ ‘Who removed my clothes?’ he asks in husky voice, not looking at you. You stop your rambling and open your eyes. ‘Mhm that was me. I’m sorry if it makes you feel uncomfortable but I had to check ……inspect’ you stutter. ‘Your body for, other sustained injuries, after I….I….was done with the one on your arm’ you fake cough , placing your fist to your mouth. ‘Why does my whole body hurt?’ he demands to know, approaching you. ‘Wooo ok’ you walk back, hitting the wall . ‘It’s probably from the blast, you know….. because’ you stop and look at him closing the distance between the two of you. ‘Because the pain…. Radiates …..and mhm’ you look down as he’s now leaning over you, just a few inches away. ‘You are not force sensitive but for some reason I cannot enter your mind nor use it on you.. and still , having this advantage ,You are a very bad LIAR!’ he punches the wall right next to your head. ‘Ok I lied. I’m sorry. I dropped you on the floor.’ you cover your face with your crossed hands. ‘But that’s because everybody ran , I don’t even know where ,and they left me alone and ….. you’re so heavy’ you squeal. ‘My sight is blurry’ he sighs in anger, stepping away from you. ‘Well you did take a blow to the head so , you need bed rest, antibiotics for your arm and medical supervision’ you start to count on your fingers but stop at the sight of him starring at you like a mad man, there, in only his underwear. ‘Send for someone to bring me new clothes’ he orders , leaving your office. ‘But you can’t , I have to’ you follow him and then you see it. Everything is smashed, destroyed or burnt ‘Fucking hell, what did you do?’ you look around in shock. ‘Did you hear what I said?’ he clenches his fists at you in frustration, moving in your direction once more. ‘Fine I won’t sign your release papers’ you fold your arms, this time standing your ground. Your heart beats with the speed of light. Why did you just say that. Is this your end? ‘Oh’ he raises his brows . ‘I don’t care. NO GO FIND SOMEONE TO BRING ME NEW CLOTHES’ he yells and you start shaking, scared. ‘I…’ he tried to add but his eyes roll back as he collapses on the floor. ‘See ? That’s what I’m talking about’ you rush to catch him, but you are too late. ‘Kylo, Kylo’ you slap his cheeks gently, now kneeling besides him. He catches your hand, stopping you. ‘Some brain damages can occur even after a while from the impact. Ok? That’s why I need to keep an eye on you, and you need to rest’ He squeezes your fingers even harder. You breathe in, trying not to whine. ‘Hurting me will not make this situation any better and I’m the only doctor here’ you get annoyed by his now unbearable grip so you push him and stand up. He follows your action, almost whispering an ‘Ok’ ‘OK?’ you ask surprised. ‘Well you can take the spare bed in my office, since you DESTROYED everything else’ you furrow. He just stands there, looking into your eyes. ‘I’ll go get someone to bring you pajamas’ you fake a smile awkwardly. ‘Nobody’s allowed to see me without my mask or enter into my room. Since you’ve already broken one rule, and I’m not fit to travel , you go get them. The code is BEN’ he tells you heading for the office. ‘Who’s Ben?’ you yell after him but he smacks the door behind him. ‘Ok we’re not sharing’ . You spent the next half of hour looking for his chambers, and another half finding his hidden closet. On your way back, you reported the damages and requested for a maintenance team. ‘Ok I promise he will not come out, just send someone to clean’ you argue with a stromtrooper. ‘Y/N, Oh Gosh’ Tim comes running to you ‘I heard the commander was sent to the infirmary’ he starts touching your face, moving down to your shoulders ‘You’re alive’. You push away his hands ‘No. I’m a ghost, ofcourse I’m alive, why wouldn’t I be? You can tell everyone they’re fired for deserting me, now if you’ll excuse me I have to get these pajamas, well mostly black t-shirts and jersey pants to him’ ‘So he’s staying, there?’ he asks in shock. ‘Yes, Tim he might have a concussion’ you add annoyed. Well Tim was right to react this way. You almost died a few times and your life is still at risk. But you aren’t joking about his physical state. He does need medical supervision and you are a doctor. You can’t just let him walk away for your own sake. That would be selfish and unprofessional. ‘Ok’ you storm into the office startling Kylo who’s resting on the bed, but you don’t notice as your head is practically inside the bag. ‘I got like 3 shirts and pairs of pants. They’re all black ,I couldn’t find any other color’ You raise your head and look at him, placing them on a counter. ‘And I think I left some sort of air conditioner on, I tried to stop it but there’s was this loud blipping sound and I ran’ ‘It’s ok’ he clears his throat, trying to shake off the scare. ‘OMG Noooooooooooo’ you spot your flower and it's pot , covered in dirt ,all smashed on the desk. ‘You killed LuLu’. ‘Well that thing tried to bit me so’ he says getting dressed. ‘Why would you…’ you try to put it back together but with no use. ‘You are a mean mean mean mean person Kylo Ren’ you look at him, folding your arms. ‘After everything that happened until this point, you are going to be mad at me for killing a plant?’ he asks, outlining sarcasm into his words. ‘I can’t even look at you’ . You give him his evening treatment , a protein bar and leave. ‘See you in the morning’ you add smashing the door closed. You open it again ‘Oh and maintenance is coming so don’t come out they’re scared of you’ You repeat the action, smacking the door once more. Kylo Ren’s P.O.V I’m so angry. How could this happen to me? Now I have to stay and rest like a worthless trash. Those resistance scums, blowing things up. And what’s with this crazy girl. Is she working for them? She is not force sensitive and still, I cannot use it on her. Nor read her mind. It’s really frustrating, not knowing what she thinks. Almost scary. I just want to choke her but she is right about one thing. I need a medic and she’s all we’ve got. I will let her live until I am well again. What is this creepy looking flower. I touch it but it tries to bite my finger. I use the force and scatter it into little pieces. ‘STUPID FLOWER’ I punch the desk and lay on the bed trying to calm down. ‘Ok’ she storms into the office startling me. Good thing she didn’t notice as her head is practically inside a bag. ‘I got like 3 shirts and pairs of pants. They’re all black I couldn’t find any other color’. She raises her head and looks at me, placing them on a counter. ‘And I think I left some sort of air conditioner on, I tried to stop it but there’s was this loud blipping sound and I ran’ ‘It’s ok’ I say clearing my throat, trying to shake off the scare. Crazy person, bursting into the room like that. She really has no filter. ‘OMG Noooooooooooo’ She spots the flower and it's pot , covered in dirt ,all smashed on the desk. ‘You killed LuLu’ she whines almost crying. That thing had a name? What in the world….. ‘Well that thing tried to bit me so’ I say deciding to get dressed. ‘Why would you…’ She tries to put it back together but with no use. She’s almost funny. Stupid girl you cannot undo the power of the force. I smirk. ‘You are a mean mean mean mean person Kylo Ren’ she look at me once more, folding her arms. She looks really upset about this matter. ‘After everything that happened until this point, you are going to be mad at me for killing a plant?’ I ask, outlining sarcasm into my words. Maybe she will realize how stupid mourning a flower really is. ‘I can’t even look at you’ . She blinks giving me my evening treatment , a protein bar and leaves. ‘See you in the morning’ she adds smashing the door closed. But she opens it back. Looks like she has more to say. ‘Oh and maintenance is coming so don’t come out they’re scared of you’ She repeats the action, smacking the door once more. ~ I wake up and it looks like morning has broken. At some point during my sleep she must’ve come back because there is food and pills on my bedside table. I take them and try to eat but everything just hurts ,especially my arm. I can hear her shouting outside , ordering around. Sounds like she’s angry. She opens the door cursing and sits down at her desk. ‘What are you doing’ I ask. Clearly she’s insane , disturbing me like this continuously . Obviously she has not seen my full wrath. ‘Well I need to fill in a report and this is still my office so’ she replies writing something down. ‘Only one person showed. Can you believe this? Nobody wants to clean up your mess while you’re still here’ ‘They are wise to do so’ I reply,resuming to my food. ‘They are wise to do’ she repeats mockingly, imitating my tone. I stop with my mouthfull ,raising my brow at her. ‘Who’s going to fix everything, will you?’ she demands to know. I use the force and smack the desk against a wall. This will teach her. ‘Haaah, are you insane’ she yelps before groaning in anger.'Arghhhh' ‘I know’ she suddenly switches to a satisfied mood. ‘I’ll just tell them that you promised a raise to whoever shows up. I’m so smart’ She’s clearly proud of her idea. ‘I did not SAY THAT’ I yell after her as she leaves smiling. A few hours passed and I almost lose conscience again taking a shower. I should really rest as she says so I go back to bed, wiping my hair with a towel. After I’m done with it, I use the force to throw it at the door. Suddenly, there’s a knock. ‘Kylo, are you decent? I heard you taking a shower’ she asks but I do not reply. I’m not in the mood for her. ‘Ok I’m coming in, so cover yourself if’ she enters anyway. There is no winning with this human. It looks like she has snacks in her hand. ‘How did this get here’ she asks picking up the towel and places it into a cabinet. ‘Like 20 people showed, can you believe it? Almost everything is done’ she approaches my bed. ‘Scoot over’ she demands , buttoning a device. ‘Excuse me?’ I ask confused. What does she want? Does she want to sit with me ? She is clearly out of her right minds. ‘Move your heavy ass closer to the wall so I can fit’ she rolls her eyes throwing herself on the bed , lying next to me. I do what she asks. She turns on a hologram and takes a bite from an apple. ‘There’s this movie I want to see and power still only works here’ she says looking at the wall. I stare at her but she’s too caught up in this stupid “movie”. What is she thinking in that little brain of her’s. But she is brave I will give her that. Having the courage to face me like this. But I am sure she is scared. If only I could read her mind , I’m sure I would find fear. ‘Why aren’t you watching the movie?’ she asks , now looking at me, handing me a banana. ‘I do not want a banana and I do not want to watch your stupid show’ I clench my fists in anger. ‘What’s really the issue ?’ she pauses the hologram. ‘I cannot read your mind and it angers me’ I reply. ‘Ok then let’s try’ She switches into a sitting yoga position and closes her eyes. ‘Come on try’. I begin using the force to enter her thoughts but with no use. She starts humming. ‘Hmmm Hmmmm’ ‘You don’t have to hum’ I tell her irritated. ‘I was just trying to clear my mind ok? To help you’ she comes back lying on the pillow next to me, resuming to her hologram projection. She is rather attractive. I find myself admiring her Y/H/C hair, Y/E/C eyes, and her hourglass shaped body. Even in medical clothes she looks very beautiful. STOP IT. This cannot be happening. This is weakness. WEAKNESS. I punch the wall but not to hard. ‘Are you alright?’ she asks choking on her fruits. WRITER’S P.O.V You cough trying to get into your senses. Kylo really scared you, punching that wall out of nowhere. ‘Are you alright?’you manage to ask. He looks at you not saying anything. Before you know it, his lips are crashed against yours. You insert your hands into his loose curls and pull him closer to your body. He straddles you and pushes your legs apart with his knees, demanding access which you happily provide. He bites your lower lip and you stroke his chest, trying to get rid of his shirt. He helps you. He moves down to your neck, sucking and leaving a trail of soft bites as your hand finds her own way to his growing bulge. He stops and groans into your skin in the process. You are both needy and sweaty. A drop of salty sweat falls from his hair on your lips but you do not have time to properly taste it as he attacks your lips once more, his tongue invading your mouth. He then removes your pants and hurries to do same to your shirt. You decide to be a nuisance , so you begin massaging his crotch once more, licking inside of his ear. ‘You’re interfering’ he states annoyed , pushing your hands away. But Gosh that low, mad tone of his drives you insane. It sent shivers all over your body and you can feel your panties soaking wet. After unclasping your bra, he also gets rid of it. For a moment, he stops and stares at your boobs like a hungry predator. Suddenly, you feel scared. What are you even thinking? Sharing a bed with this man . He tried to kill you, three times. What if he hurts you. ‘Relax, I will not try to kill you’ he says, right before biting your nipple. You yelp. He massages them and alternates between that and kissing them roughly. In need for immediate friction you raise your waist and try to feel his covered erection against your core. He understands the motion and pins your hands on top of your head as he starts grinding against you. You moan. You bite your lip at the sight of him raising to his knees, practically ripping off your underwear, gesture followed by you removing his. There you are are , both kneeling on the bed, naked , looking into each other eyes. You both take a moment to admire eachother before exploring your bodies with soft, deep touches. You pull his hair and kiss him roughly. He grabs you by the thighs and places your legs around his waist, causing you to whine and fall on your back. He groans as he penetrates you, letting a few seconds pass before starting to move. You embrace his neck and pull him closer. His head is buried in your shoulder as he thrusts faster and deeper. You squeeze your legs around him even harder. He raises to support himself into his palms against the sides of your head and grinds even more roughly this time. Heat takes over you, you feel like almost fainting. You stroke his cheek gently before you find yourself having an orgasm . Your legs start trembling , you have no power left so you let the fall on the sheets. He pecks your lips hastily before growling at the sensation of cuming inside you. He removes his member and places his head on your chest, playing with his finger around your neck. You kiss his forehead and you both go to sleep, not saying another word. You spent the following days managing the reparations and looking after Kylo. He was starting to feel better now. Nights pass as you watch “stupid” hologram projections, talking , well mostly you and having needy , passionate sex. He did tell you that his real name is Ben at some point, and even if anger took hold of him more than a few times, smashing your stuff against a wall you still continued to feel infatuated by him. You help him calm down by making silly remarks, stupid jokes. He didn’t laugh , not even once. But hugging you close and groaning is good enough for you. He even has this theory about you actually being force-sensitive so he tried to teach you to use it to move stuff around but nothing happened. And that ended with promising some other workers a raise. Maybe your grandfather was right after all. Everyone deserves a chance. And you never have to judge someone before knowing that person yourself. Despite all the terrifying stories you heard- true stories , you bet- here is the angry commander, sharing a bed with you, rolling eyes at your jokes and kissing you goodnight. Tomorrow is his release day. You would keep him , just for the sake of these moments but everyone including general Hux and him are getting impatient. And you understand that. He has matters , important matters to attend to . But maybe he will still make some time to visit you….. somehow. Ofcourse that wasn’t what you want, late night visits and benefit sex but how do you dare and ask of something more from him? He has barely opened up for this. You should be thankful and you are. ‘OK’ you smile as you watch him getting dressed with his uniforme. You’re sitting at your “new” desk , reviewing some plans. ‘I’m really grateful that you sent that immune order to General Hux , Kylo. Now that the medical area is declared a safe zone, I even have people sending in requests for the jobs in need. It’s going to be great, and maybe patients will start to show up too...’ He doesn’t say anything just puts on his cloak. ‘So….mhm’ You try to say something but give up. ‘I’ll see you around?!’ you mentally smack yourself ‘What the hell was that,now he’ll think you don’t actually desire to see him that much’. ‘You know where my quarters are Y/N. You even know my code’ he states seriously , putting on his mask and leaving. Notes: I don’t own the gifs.© goes to their rightful owner. I Do not own Star Wars or any of the characters. I apologize in advance if this offends anyone. Please do not read if you are under aged.