------------------------------------ Kylo regrets this road trip exactly as he backs his car out of the driveway when Hux says, in a nonchalant tone, "I think we forgot something." Kylo slams on the brakes, jolting the two of them along with their trunk load of luggage. He turns to Hux, who is sitting in the passenger seat next to him and looking down at his phone, where he had written a packing list two nights before. "What'd we forget?" "The coolers, I think." Kylo shakes his head. "No, I definitely packed those. They're wedged underneath everything else." Hux hums to himself. "I guess I didn't see them when I was loading our duffels." Hux continues scrolling through his list. It's an extensive one. "Ok, I think that's everything." "Awesome." Kylo immediately begins backing out again, head turned over his shoulder and his hand on the back of Hux's headrest. Not even ten seconds have passed when Hux says, "Wait!" Kylo once again slams on the brakes and turns to scowl at Hux. "What?" Hux types something on his phone with a smirk on his face. He glances at Kylo from the corner of his eye and says, "Just kidding." Kylo sighs loudly and starts backing up again. "Hux, I swear to God, I will leave you here." Hux laughs once. "You would miss me too much." Kylo backs into the road and shifts into drive. "I'll have Finn in the car with me. He can be your replacement." Hux scoffs, "As if. I don't think he'd even ride in the front seat with you." Kylo doesn't even try and deny that. He only continues on the road towards where Finn, Rey and Poe live. If they survive this road trip with all relationships and limbs intact, Kylo will consider it a success. ------------------------------------ "Do I seriously have to ride with them?" Poe is attempting to shove one more bag into Rey's already overstuffed car. He doesn't think that he packed the car very well, considering that he and Rey pretty much just threw everything on top of each with no semblance of order. Poe turns to Finn with an apologetic expression. "Sorry, buddy, but we drew straws and yours was the shortest." He gestures to the overstuffed car. "Besides, I don't think you can even fit." Finn groans once, loudly and dramatically. "We could've gotten one of those things that go on top of the car! You didn't have to send me away!" Rey walks out then, her hair in three buns and the car keys in her hand. "Sorry, Finn, but the straws don't lie. You get to ride with the dream team." She smirks at him. "I'm almost jealous." Finn switches to a new tactic: begging Poe to switch with him, offering increasingly sexual favors as he gets more desperate. But Poe won't switch, citing an incident from a different, shorter road trip. Finn tries the same with Rey, but she is adamant about driving. "I just got this car, and by fuck I am going to drive it first." Finn is doomed. When the "dream team's" car pulls up, hitting the curb as it turns into the driveway, Finn tilts his head up and stares at the sky. He thinks it's an ominously blue color. "Help me," he says to it in an imploring tone. The sky, because it is not sentient, does not respond. Rey walks up next to Finn and kisses him on the cheek. She whispers in his ear, playfully, "Good luck." ------------------- Kylo has been following Rey's rather erratic driving for about an hour now. All the sights are familiar to him, as they have yet to cross the border into the next state. The car has been mostly quiet except for the radio, which is stubbornly tuned to Kylo's favorite station, even though it keeps trying to switch over from classic rock to some weird bluegrass station. Hux is still texting or typing or doing something on his phone. Kylo keeps trying to sneak a glance, but every time he does it, Hux tilts his phone screen away. Then, the only thing Kylo can see is Hux's rather patriotic phone case. Kylo glances above at the rear view mirror. In the back, he can see Finn sitting in the left seat. His legs are stretched across the other seat and, like Hux, he is also buried in his phone. Kylo sighs to himself. "Is no one going to talk to me then?" Hux does not even look up when he says, "Aren't you listening to music?" "Yeah, but I can still talk to either one of you." Kylo merges, following Rey as she weaves around slow car after slow car. He looks at Hux's phone again. "Who are you even texting, Hux?" Hux hides his phone against his leg and quickly looks out the window. "No one." Kylo is just about to open his mouth to ask who "no one" is when, as they pass a collection of trees, Hux asks, in an attempt at a curious tone, "Kylo, what kinds of trees are those?" Finn is actually the one to answer, due to the fact that Kylo is now extremely baffled. "I think those are birch trees." Then his tone gets confused. "Don't you have those in Ireland?" Kylo narrows his eyes. They sure as fuck have those in Ireland. Hux is just being an evasive little shit, even though he's atrocious at lying. "Hux, seriously, who are you texting?" Hux laughs nervously to himself. "Kylo, honestly, it was just Phasma," he says to the window. Now Kylo's getting pissed. "Then why won't you tell me what you were texting about?" "I told you it was nothing." Kylo's voice is exasperated when he says, leaning back into his seat dramatically, "Then why won't you just tell me ?" Hux turns from the window with a tight mouth and a glare. "I don't have to tell you everything about my life, you know," he says in a clipped tone. Kylo takes a hand off the steering wheel to gesture angrily at Hux. "Are you actually being serious right now?" The car swerves a bit into the rumble strip, and Kylo jerks it sharply back into the lane. "Are you really going to start an argument about this?" Hux's voice is slurring together as his accent thickens. "I'm not the one who started the argument. I just said you need to stop prying into my life!" "Asking you a fucking question is not me prying into your life, Hux, holy fucking God!" As the argument escalates in the front seat, Finn huddles in the left corner of the car, hiding his phone from view so neither person up front can see him texting. He hurriedly texts a message to Poe, thanking his past self for turning off the clicking sounds. It's been one hour. They're already yelling at each other The response is almost instantaneous. Finn cringes at the ding from his phone, thinking it would alert the front seat inhabitants to his presence, but they're too embroiled in each other to notice. The response makes Finn's heart fall. Rey says to stay quiet and still; basically act like a rabbit that's just smelled a fox. Also, love, you owe me five bucks ------------------- The argument tapers off sometime later, but Kylo can't really say when. He thinks it happens when Hux starts to get almost incomprehensible or maybe when Kylo realizes he keeps bringing up the same points over and over again. Whatever it is, the car is silent; even the radio is shut off after Kylo tried, in vain, to find a good station. He has an aux chord, but it's in the glove compartment and Hux is the only one who can reach it. Kylo doesn't want to be the one to break the silence between the two of them. He knows he's being immature and stubborn, but so is Hux. Hux is the one to break the silence. "Where the hell are we anyway?" Kylo has no fucking clue, but decides to be a shit anyway. "The United States." "Thanks," Hux says in a deadpan. They continue to drive in silence for awhile until Kylo follows Rey off the highway into an exit. She pulls into a gas station and snags a spot. Kylo gets in the one behind her. Kylo turns to look back at Finn. "You're driving." Finn nods his head, eyes wide. With that done, Kylo gets out of the car and goes into the gas station with Rey, who is gesturing wildly as she talks to him. -------------------- Finn is fine with driving. He really is. He's done these car trips before with Rey and Poe many times, and they would all alternate and be happy. Finn is fine driving with Rey and Poe. He is not fine driving with Kylo and Hux. Therefore, as Kylo's car is getting gas, Finn hurries over to where Poe stands by the gas pump. Poe takes one look at Finn's expression and starts laughing. "Trouble in paradise, love?" Was it ever paradise? Maybe when Finn first sat down in the back seat, but it sure as hell isn't now. "I swear Poe, I will do anything for you or to you if you would just switch with me." Poe puts his hands up and ducks his head. "I would Finn, believe me." Then he drops them and winks. "But I don't want to." Finn gets right up in Poe's face to say, "Poe, I am begging you. I cannot drive knowing that they will most likely fuck in the backseat." Poe furrows his brows. "I thought you said they were fighting?" Finn rather energetically says, "Yes! Exactly! That's why I'm worried!" Poe turns back to the gas pump with a smirk. "Look, Finn, if they try anything just, I don't know, throw something at them." "Like they're cats or something?" Poe nods his head and smiles brightly. "Yeah, exactly!" Finn wants to survive this car trip. He does not want to throw something at Kylo Ren because that would prevent Finn from completing his mission. He may know Hux a bit better, but Finn does not want to get on his bad side. Judging by the insults Hux has spit out, both in English and Gaelic, Finn would not survive that verbal lashing. (Don't ask how Finn knows the difference between a Gaelic insult and compliment. He can just tell). Regardless, Finn is doomed when Kylo and Rey come out of the gas station, both carrying a plastic bag loaded down with candy. Finn turns away from Poe and walks back to Kylo's car with his head down, like a man marching to his execution. He can hear Poe laughing in the background and then a hushed expletive when whatever Rey threw him ends up overshooting the target. Kylo slides the keys over the car's top right when Finn gets to the driver's side door. Finn manages to snatch it before it clatters to the pavement. Then, Kylo slides over a package of Twizzlers. Finn didn't even know that Kylo remembered his favorite candy. But then he remembers that he went in with Rey, and she probably made Kylo buy it for him. That being done, Kylo gets in the backseat, where Hux is already waiting. Finn looks at the keys in one hand and the Twizzlers in the other and shrugs. He's not going to look a gift Kylo in the mouth. ------------------- In the front car of the convoy, Poe is driving while Rey doodles aimlessly on a notepad. Poe has to admit that Rey's new car is pretty nice, if not very spacious. Poe merges lanes, checking in the rear view mirror that Finn is following him. Finn's expression can't exactly be discerned through the tint of the windshield, but Poe thinks it's not a good one. Rey looks behind at Finn. "How do you think he's doing?" Poe thinks she sounds a bit guilty. Poe does not feel guilty at all. He only smirks and says, "All of us, except for Finn, have had to deal with Kylo and Hux." He shrugs his shoulders. "Besides. The straws never lie." "They do when you tell Jessika to give Finn the shortest one." Poe only laughs. Then, after a long period of silence, Rey says, "I do wonder how he's doing though." Poe hums in agreement and signals to merge back into the right lane. ---------------------- Finn wants to be annoyed, but to be honest, he's only baffled. Kylo and Hux started off on opposite sides of the car. Hux had barely even looked at Kylo when he entered the car. But after about ten minutes of awkward, silent driving, Kylo wordlessly slid over a bag of Laffy Taffies. Hux had looked away from the window, and surprisingly, he had smiled softly at Kylo. After that somewhat-apology from Kylo, Hux warmed right back up to him. Now, whenever Finn glances in the rear view mirror, he sees that Hux has migrated to the middle seat. Officially, Hux is in the middle seat. Unofficially, his seatbelt is on his thighs and he reclines on Kylo, candy wrappers littered around the two of them. One of Hux's hands is entwined with Kylo's. Finn catches Hux feeding a Laffy Taffy to Kylo and immediately looks at the road again. Even though the only cars around are their's and Rey's, Finn still needs to be on constant alert and always face forward. Silence envelops the car for a couple more miles. Finn wants to hope that either Hux or Kylo have fallen asleep, but he doesn't want to check and have his heart crushed. Finn is made aware of the answer when he hears Hux whisper something incomprehensible in Kylo's ear. Kylo huffs a laugh. His voice is playful when he says back, in a voice not even close to a whisper, "You'd like that, wouldn't you, baby?" Finn hears Hux quite literally giggle and he's had enough. Enough. It's not like Finn absolutely panics. He knows he could just politely ask them to stop, but he knows that won't work. Instead, Finn slams his palm on the horn, blaring out the loudest sound that has happened on the entire trip. In front of him, Poe swerves the car, and Rey turns around to raise both of her hands in a "what the fuck are you doing?" position. In the newfound silence of the car, Finn could cut the tension with a knife. Finn keeps his eyes facing forward at the road. With all the confidence he can muster, he says, in the plainest tone he can manage, "No." Kylo's glare darkens in the rear view mirror. "What?" It's almost growl-like. Finn is not deterred. "No. I will not listen to that. I will not drive the fuckmobile. Ok? Both of you need to drink some water and stop doing cute shit or kinky shit or whatever the hell you do back there." Finn takes a deep breath, winded by his speech. "I will stop this car if you don't." Kylo is so stunned that it is Hux who reacts. As Hux slides into Gaelic, finding a loophole in Finn's declaration, Finn interrupts him with, "No Gaelic either, Hux! You know I can tell what you're saying!" Hux's mouth slides shut and his eyes narrow. Kylo is still looking at Finn with terribly dark eyes. As the trip progresses, though, Kylo and Hux, excluding lunch of course, stop their canoodling in the back seat. Finn can only be grateful. Even if they spend the time in the car glaring holes through Finn's head. ----------------------- "I get to be in the middle tonight, and neither of you have any excuse not to give it to me." Both Rey and Poe take one look at Finn's irate expression and immediately start cackling. Finn can feel his face flush as he says, "You would feel the same if you had to deal with them!" Rey's cackle downgrades to little huffs of laughter. "It's not that we're making fun of you, darling." She clears her throat against the giggles. "We're really just making fun of Kylo and Hux." They continue the conversation after the three of them wedge themselves into one of the two double beds in the room. Poe is channel surfing for something good to watch when Finn, who is in the middle, says, "Either one of you could have volunteered in my place." He turns to look at Rey, who is curled up against him. "Rey, Kylo's your cousin." Rey nods at that unfortunate fact. Finn is just about to continue his tirade when Poe exclaims, in an entirely too joyful voice, "Fuck yeah they have HGTV!" "I don't like HGTV," Finn says petulantly. Poe turns his head to kiss Finn on the temple. "A relationship's all about compromise, love. You get to be in the middle." Finn's rant continues far into the night until they switch off the lights and snuggle into the bed. Right before he falls asleep, Finn says, in a whisper, "If there is a noise complaint in this Hilton, I will pretend not to know either them or you." Rey whispers back, "Want to bet on that?" --------------------- Kylo is going to fall asleep in this position if Hux does not get up and off the phone. In their hotel room, Kylo is sprawled out on Hux's lap, his arms loosely wrapped around Hux's torso. Hux sits against the headboard, and with one hand pets Kylo's hair over and over again. Hux has been on the phone with his mom for the past twenty minutes now, but Kylo can't complain if it means that he gets to listen to Hux speak Gaelic. Kylo may not know what Hux is talking about, but the lilted voice is soothing, especially after this particular day of driving. Hux slides his hand down to rub Kylo's neck. Kylo can only sink deeper into his lap. To the phone, Hux makes an inquisitive noise and says, " Níl a fhios agam ." His mom apparently talks for a while before Hux says hurriedly, like he's interrupting her, " Tá! Ok, ok, I'll do it it, alright?" Kylo turns his face to look at Hux with one eye. Hux's face is flushing red. His hand on Kylo's neck has turned into more of a vice grip, and Kylo shifts his head to relieve the pressure. "Ok. Ok, yes. Yes, I'll do it! I will!" Then, after a long pause, Hux says, in a softer tone, " Oíche mhaith , Mam." After that, he pulls the phone away from his ear and ends the call. Hux tosses the phone on the bedside table and puts his hand over his eyes. "Hux, you're squeezing my neck." Hux spreads his fingers and peeks down at Kylo. "Oh. Sorry, sweetheart." He then resumes petting Kylo, this time with both hands alternating between rubbing his neck and scratching his scalp. Kylo can only groan at that. He can't say how long the massage lasts, but he finds it strange that every time he looks up, Hux is looking at him with the oddest expression that always slides into a smile when he catches Kylo looking. Kylo falls asleep in the midst of the ministrations. He doesn't know if he imagined it or not, but he swears he felt Hux whisper something to him, something he could barely hear. ---------------------- Finn had been up for three hours when everyone else decided to wake up. He had been rearranging the luggage in Rey's car, which was packed rather terribly, so that he could have a spot in the car. When the rest of the group finally walked out of the hotel, Finn was thus able to slide into the passenger seat of Rey's car. Poe smiled and shook his head as he slid into the backseat. That was this morning, and now, a couple hours later, Rey's car is blasting music from the aux cord. As Finn sings along in the front seat, he wonders what's happening in the car behind them. That thought process is cut off when Poe leans forward to scream along to the chorus. ------------------------ "Hux, I will personally deport you from this country if you do not stop." "I wish you would." "...What the hell is that supposed to mean?" ------------------------ After a hurried lunch, Rey pulls the convoy to a side road that leads to a hill overlooking the interstate. Kylo follows her with only the slightest irritation, annoyed at the fact that they're stopping for no good reason. At the bottom of the hill, there are numerous other cars parked, so Kylo can only assume everyone here just wants to waste their time too. Still, Kylo gets out of his car with Hux and makes his way over to Rey's car. Only to stop as Hux grabs his arm suddenly and says, "No, I want to see over the hill." He pulls Kylo to the left and up the hill. "Let's go this way." Kylo nods his head. That makes sense. Hux has never seen this part of the country. When they reach the top of the hill, the winds pick up and blow randomly with the movement of the traffic below. The flat lands show a bluish mountainous horizon far in the distance. Hux sits down in the prickly grass. Kylo joins him. Together, they stare out at the interstate. Hux is fidgeting almost unnoticeably, his hands tearing at the grass next to them. Then, he takes a deep, shuddering breath and says, "Kylo..." “Yeah?” "I...I want to thank you for..." Hux pauses, probably seeking the right word to say, as he does often. "...this experience. With you." Kylo shrugs his shoulders. "Yeah, I mean, you've never been here, so..." Hux turns to look at him, and Kylo thinks he almost looks scared. "No, no, it's not just that." He turns back to face the interstate. Wind rustles his hair. "I know I can be a shit, and I'm sorry for, well, everything." Kylo's brow furrows. He’s getting a bit worried. "Hux, I've been just as terrible. That's our thing; we're always terrible to each other." Hux nods his head once. "Yeah, but I know I've been...evasive." He looks at Kylo again, and his eyes don't leave Kylo's, as if Hux is forcing them to stay put. "And I'm sorry about that, but it was important." Hux inhales deeply. "It's important because..." Kylo shifts closer to Hux. "What is it?" Hux licks his lips, and Kylo is drawn to the movement. Then Hux blurts out, " Gráím thú , Kylo." Kylo has absolutely no fucking clue what Hux just said. He laughs out, "What?" Hux's eyes darken, and Kylo knows that he just did something really shitty. "Forget it," Hux says as he moves to stand. Kylo follows him up and grabs his arm. "Hux, just tell me what it means!" Hux yanks his arm out of Kylo's grasp. "Why? So you can laugh at me again?" Here Kylo is, in an argument with Hux, next to an interstate in the middle of the United States. "I wasn't laughing at you!" Hux turns with a scoff to walk away, and Kylo has to yell over the wind, "What does it mean, Hux?" Hux is far away when he turns and yells, in a voice entirely too irate for the translation, "It means 'I love you', you absolute fuck !" Oh shit. Kylo can feel his brain short-circuit as he stands there with the wind blowing through his hair. Hux is getting further and further away when Kylo snaps out of it and runs after Hux, saying, "Wait!" as he sprints. Kylo catches up to Hux right before he makes the descent down the hill. He grabs his waist and bodily yanks him back, actually spinning him around with the force of it. Kylo then turns Hux around to stare at him. Hux won't break eye contact. So Kylo says, "Tell me. Again." He needs to hear it again, with Hux looking at him. He needs to know that Hux meant it. That he means it. Hux glances to the side before taking a deep breath. Then, he looks back and calmly says, as if it's a fact, "I love you, Kylo." Kylo can feel his eyes watering as he wraps his arms around Hux and squeezes him. He buries his face in Hux's bright hair and tries to prevent his body from shaking. In a voice choked with emotion, Kylo says, "Thank you." He repeats the phrase, again and again. Hux wraps his arms around Kylo and reaches up to play with Kylo's long, tangled hair. --------------------------- Finn, Poe and Rey are sitting on the hood of Rey's car. It has cooled down enough so that they can recline on it and enjoy the show occurring on top of the hill. Poe is the first to speak. "I think he'll do it now." Rey scrunches her nose. "I don't think so. Hux needs it to be perfect and all." Finn has no idea what they're talking about. "What's this about?" Poe answers back, nonchalantly, "Hux is trying to tell Kylo he loves him." Finn sputters and his eyes snap to the top of the hill, where Kylo and Hux sit. Suddenly, Hux stands up and Kylo grabs his arm. It looks like they're arguing. "Kylo, you idiot ," Rey hisses. Hux turns to walk away from Kylo, but before he can walk ten steps, he turns to shout something incomprehensible at Kylo. Kylo instantly freezes. "Save it, Kylo, make your move," Poe says, like Kylo is a soccer player on the television. "Come on, you dumbass, come on." Finally, Kylo reacts and runs to Hux. After a short exchange between the two of them, Kylo latches himself onto Hux and holds on for dear life. Both Rey and Poe whoop when they see this. Time passes and Kylo and Hux have still not let go of each other. It's almost as though they're statues on this hill, a display meant to be seen by every vehicle that passes below them. Finn is still staring up at them when he says, "Ten bucks that Kylo is crying right now." Rey scoffs once. "I won't take you on that bet."