You sent Rey a small grin as she slid into the seat beside you. You adjusted your posture respectfully as General Leia Organa finished her short but empowering speech. You were currently in the midst of a small resistance base celebration. The pilots responsible for the destruction of Abisha base had all gathered to dine and commend the fight. The normal food rations you had lived on had been prepared into a more upscale feast, every person present excited for a change from the limited amounts they were usually supplied with for missions. You were slightly more dressed up than usual with a lightly colored skirt sitting on your hips instead of the usual military-grade uniform you'd come to know and love. Rey hadn't let you hear the end of it; she'd spent the night whispering to you how beautiful and lovely she thought you looked dressed up like this. Clinking large mugs and cups with a cheer, the long table erupted into conversation and a frenzy of hands piling plates high with food. You wasted no time in loading your plate with the delicacies, opening a handful of red berries onto Rey's plate thoughtfully. You knew she loved anything sweet. You couldn't help but smile when she popped one into her mouth with a content look. She was clearly enjoying the way the juice burst on her tongue. She leaned forward slightly, leaving a ghost of a kiss on your lips. Her own mouth stretched into a cherry-tinted smile at the way you tilted your head up for more. "Wait until later." She murmured into your ear with a quick smile, turning back to her meal quickly before anyone said anything about the pda you two so avidly performed. You savored the lingering berry flavor her affection had left on your lips, and wished for more. You shook it off and told yourself to be patient, and the meal continued cheerily. That is until you felt Rey's hand take yours into her own. She squeezed your fingers and stayed like that for a while before untangling your fingers and instead resting a hand on your knee. You didn't think much of it at first, you two were almost constantly touching in some way. She lazily rubbed circles over the expanse of your thigh with her fingertips. She would occasionally dip inbetween your legs before swiftly darting out again. You hoped you didn't look as pink as you felt. Even such small contact from her could drive you crazy sometimes; especially upon discovering she had a thing for 'messing' with you in public. You tried to ignore it, anchoring a smile on your face and trying to pay attention to the conversation at hand, but it just made her try harder to get you bothered. She traced her fingers higher and higher until she slid it fully underneath the thin fabric of your skirt. The dampness between your thighs gradually grew as Rey's skilled fingers quickly became all you could focus on. You caught Poe sending you a cheeky look and knew he could tell what was going on, the red tint on your cheeks ever-growing. You focused on the slide of the food from your fork into your mouth, doing whatever it took not to let your evil girlfriend embarrass you any further. You began to regret inviting her as your date, knowing that ever since you two had made it official she'd been one for teasing and public affection. Despite this, you also knew she would've showed up to torment you regardless. You noticed that she was taking her time eating this meal instead of shoveling in into her mouth like the rest of your comrades, clearly focused on distracting you instead. She usually ate quickly. She would sample as much of each flavor she could. It was a habit she hadn't been able to break the minute she'd stepped foot off of Jakku, the foreign flavors too exciting for her to not indulge in. You found dining with her very enjoyable, the glint in her eye when she tried new exciting foods making your heart swell. This was not one of those times. It was a far more painstaking experience when she was teasing you like she was. Especially in the presence of what felt like half of the resistance. She removed her hand temporarily as more food was brought out, your fellow pilots going through the feast like wildfire. You sighed to yourself in relief, praying she'd keep her hands to herself until you were somewhere more private. You started a simple conversation with Jessika Pava, your fellow resistance pilot about different flying techniques and started to grow comfortable again, that feeling disappearing like the wind at the feeling of Rey's warm, nimble fingers traveling up your thigh under the table once more. She was only lightly touching you, but contact was still enough to leave goosebumps pimpling your arms. You cursed yourself for being so susceptible to Rey's gentle touch. You forced more food into your mouth, the flavors dull in comparison to the light stroking back and forth inbetween your upper thighs. The jedi had a tiny smile. She was clearly enjoying your discomfort and you wanted to scream as she finally ran her fingers down to your core, reaching further under your semi-formal skirt to caress lightly through your folds. You bit down on your lip to stay calm and gripped your fork tightly. Right as this happened Poe grinned slyly and chose this moment to call most of the conversation's attention to you. "So, (y/n), I know you were an important part of the mission. Mind sharing the technique you used to aid in the destruction of abisha base?" You sent him a look that said, 'you'll be paying for this later' and he barely hid his teasing grin. In any other situation you'd be more than happy to recount the destruction you'd ultimately helped execute, but with Rey's thin fingertips now tormenting the more sensitive parts of you, you couldn't help but wish for different timing. You swallowed thickly as eager eyes turned to you from the fellow important pilots in the resistance. Rey tilted her head at you as if waiting in interest for you to speak. The calm look on her face wasn't at all betraying where her mind really was. "Well, we've been training for this mission for months, and I personally chose to focus on diving between the trees and rocky edges of cliffs in the forests here to imitate the terrain of Cora," you paused before starting again. "That being said, once I was in the field it actually felt much more different to be navigating the-" you cut yourself off as the scavenger slowly slid a finger inside you, twisting it as she did. The blush that you'd been sporting the entire meal grew, spreading across the apples of your cheeks as you struggled to ignore the sensations flooding your abdomen. General Leia lifted her gaze and gave you a slightly confused look, nodding as if urging you to go on. "-mountains full of first order pods and compartments. There were moments I didn't think I could, erm, succeed in aiding the destruction of the base but the rest of the squadron really succeeded in, ah, kicking their asses." You forced an over-stretched smile. You were pretty proud of yourself for getting through talking when all you really wanted to do was either swat Rey's hand away or take her somewhere private and slam her against a wall. The table all whooped and complimented eachother on the aforementioned ass-kicking before returning to other topics at hand. You were grateful for the spotlight to have shifted, at least for now. You couldn't help the small buck of your hips when you felt a second and then third finger join her pointer, and cursed her for having you so easily. After what felt like an eternity of both torture and bliss of her curling and twisting her fingers inside of you, you decided to retaliate. She wasn't the only one who'd get to have fun. Extending your own hand below the table, you wasted no time in tracing Rey's inner thighs and rubbing her through her thin form-fitting pants. Her eyes widened a bit when she realized you were going to play her game and you weren't going to let her win easily. She cocked an eyebrow as if accepting your challenge, and you narrowed your eyes in response. You and Rey's arms were crossed underneath the table. They were hidden from view as you both worked at teasing the other the most and winning this battle of dominance. Before long you had two of your own pilot-adept fingers in the darker haired girl, her lower lip between her teeth. You had to slide your hand underneath the waist of her pants and were very grateful for the table's shelter. You upped the game and swirled a finger on her clit, smiling in triumph at the way her fork halted in midair as she struggled to gain composure. "Do not mock me, you won't win this." Rey muttered to you with her Jakku lilt, a small edge of playfulness in her voice. You just smirked and rubbed harder, watching her calm demeanor come undone. You loved how even through a situation like this you two could keep your banter and sense of competition. The competitive aspect of your relationship came in handy a lot with your many adventurous sexual encounters, and only made you love her more. She pressed down on your clit and swirled her finger as an act of revenge, causing you to not-so-discreetly clench your free fist and stifle a fake cough to hide your real reaction. You could tell she was proud of herself by the small grin she quickly hid. As your fingers worked in eachother your frustration only grew, and you could sense hers too through the ever-growing dampness between her legs. It only made it harder to stay composed at the thought that there were people around who could simply look under the table and see what was happening. After an entire meal of this mutual teasing, some guests began to excuse themselves, heading off for various different activities. It was your turn to smirk at Poe as he and Finn walked quickly to their bunker hand-in-hand, obviously very motivated to be alone. You scissored your fingers inside Rey one last time before pulling out. You felt her clench around you as you did as if urging you to stay. She slowly slid her own thin fingers out of you and you carefully adjusted your skirt and pushed yourself up from the table. You politely informed the general that you two would be heading out for a 'night in' and she gave a kind smile, telling you to get some rest for all of your hard work. You led Rey through the resistance base halls to your recently acquired shared room, your hands tightly intertwined. The minute you entered your shared room, you shoved her against a wall roughly. "We'll see who wins now." You almost growled, wasting no time in covering her neck with kisses. Notes: If enough people want me to do a second chapter of what happens once you get into the bedroom I will, so let me know!