Why is he always so fucking secretive? You thought, placing the roll of gauze inside the drawer and slamming it moodily. You’d managed to work yourself into a rage, having spent most of the day cycling through periods of anger, resentment, and overwhelming anxiety over what he might have gotten himself into. The last few weeks had been… difficult, to put it mildly. He’d been struggling, and you’d tried your best to be there for him however you could. You’d told him time and again that he could come to you whenever he needed, you’d always be there for him and, even though you had no sensitivity to the force as he did, tried to project-- as he’d called it-- your feelings of warmth and sincerity toward him as best you could. It’s part of what made this all so damn frustrating. It was like a never-ending battle with him; as soon as you’d begun to think you’d won him over, finally, finally, gotten him to trust you, he proved you wrong. You always tried not to take it too personally, knowing that his home life contributed a great deal to why he had such a hard time letting you in. You’d realized early on that pressing him did nothing but cause him to retreat even further into himself, and so with this latest incident you’d opted to give him the space he needed to get through it on his own; against your better judgment. You were so wrapped up in your own thoughts that a soft knock at the door frame sent you jumping nearly a foot in the air. Glancing quickly over your shoulder, you feel your eyes well with relieved tears at the sight of him. You let out a breath, trying to steady yourself and calm your racing heart, and turned to face him. Gods, he was always so handsome. His brows were drawn together over his eyes. Those eyes that you had always felt you could stare into a thousand years and never know all the secrets they held within their depths. His plush mouth turned down at the corners into a worried frown. He looked… tired; but that’s not what worried you. For as long as you’d known him, Ben Solo had suffered from awful nightmares and, as a result, never got much sleep but… this was different. He seemed on-edge, and he had the oddest look in his eyes like… like he felt guilty. Your stomach did a sick flip. What could he possibly have done? “Sorry,” he said, frowning a bit. “I didn’t mean to scare you. I…” He held your gaze for a moment, seeming unsure of what to say next, before awkwardly looking away. “I need your help.” With that he lifted his hands, giving you a better view of his busted and bloody knuckles. You did your best to regain your composure, feeling silly that it seemed thinking about Ben had summoned him here, and put on your best professional voice. “No-- no, it’s alright just-- just let me see.” Your breath caught as you moved forward, gently reaching out for him. After a moment's hesitation he stepped up to meet you, finally lifting his eyes and meeting your gaze. You took his hands gently in yours, frowning as you assessed the damage. You couldn’t help the sad smile that crept its way onto your face at the familiarity of this situation. It was so much like the way you two had met that first time so many weeks ago. He’d hurt himself somehow training with his uncle, the Jedi Master Luke, and had come to the medbay to get patched up. You’d been working there for weeks, when you’d first heard the word that there was to be a new Jedi Order you’d wanted to help in anyway you could, and sometimes when you had a free moment even watching their training from afar. Your heart had skipped a beat when he found you there alone. You’d thought back to the tales you’d heard as a child about the Jedi Knights, elated at the idea of actually being able to speak to one. You weren’t quite sure what you’d expected; perhaps a dashing young man with a quick wit and a kind heart to sweep you off your feet? But that was not the man who sat awkwardly silent while you tended his wounds, sneaking glances from under his mop of dark hair when he thought you couldn’t see. He wasn’t like any knight you’d ever imagined but… he was perfect. From that day on you’d made it your mission to learn more about the young Jedi-in-training and it wasn’t long before you’d decided that you loved him. He could be cold and angry and so very, very sad but, through it all, you loved him. And there was no turning back. A strange hollowness settled into your chest, recalling it all now. So much and so little had changed since then, and you wondered how it was even possible to feel so close to someone and yet get the feeling that you didn’t truly know them at all… "Go ahead and uh.. sit here." You muttered lamely as you drew him further into the room, motioning to one of the few examination tables placed around. You stepped away to grab supplies and suddenly cursed yourself as you remembered your reason for being here in the first place, biting back a groan at the sight of all the opened and half unpacked boxes and crates scattered around the room. You had tried to organize; a new shipment of med supplies had been delivered and so to distract yourself from obsessing over Ben you’d thought to come organize the medbay instead. As it turned out, very little of that work had gotten done and you now found yourself furiously searching through boxes to find what you needed. After locating a bottle of alcohol and a tube of bacta, and retrieving the roll of gauze you had put away earlier, you settled down next to him and wordlessly started the task of cleaning the wounds, trying to school your face into a blank expression, and you felt his eyes on you. “I punched a wall,” he stated flatly. You paused in your work and winced, gently brushing the tips of your fingers over the wounds. Ben had always had a bit of a problem with his temper but you’d never known any of his outbursts to be violent and your blood ran cold at the thought of what could have caused it. You briefly glanced up to see that he was still staring at you, though the look in his eyes had changed. He now seemed to be carefully observing your reactions, as was evidenced by the gentle brush you felt against your mind as well. Your first thought was to be annoyed-- after all he was the one who hadn’t spoken to you for four days. You were the one who deserved answers here. He must have taken the hint because you felt the slight pressure in your head dissipate. Ben’s eyes left yours then, drifting down instead to his lap-- a mix embarrassment and shame and an odd unease setting over his features. Your heart thumped painfully in your chest and again you had to swallow back the tears that had welled in your eyes, threatening to fall at any moment and ruin your composure. It felt as though you’d taken ten steps back somehow. As if all the progress you’d managed to make over this year of knowing him and every inch of his trust that you’d fought for had been undone over the course of his sudden absence. Taking a deep breath, you resumed your work on his left hand and then, once that was finished, started in on the right, all the while trying to work up the nerve to speak. Though it seemed that Ben grew tired of waiting and decided to break the silence first. “I’m sorry,” he said, hesitating a bit before placing his free hand on your thigh. His palm was so warm you could feel the heat seeping into your skin through the fabric of your pants. “I didn’t mean to make you worry about me.” “Ben don’t apologize,” you said, meeting his gaze, “I just want to know what’s going on with you. I want to help. ” You watched his Adam's apple bob in his throat as he swallowed; the hand on your leg tightening just a bit. “I-- I didn’t feel…” he trailed off, his brows bunching together as he tried to put his feelings in words. “It wasn’t safe for me to be around you, (Y/N).” “What do you mean?” you asked, hating that your voice wavered slightly. You took his hand in both of yours once you were finished treating the wound and gave it a soft squeeze, hoping that he could feel your love and support flowing through the action. His breath hitched and you could see the tears welling in his eyes. He was hiding something. Holding something back. You knew he wouldn’t elaborate on this any further, not now at least, so you instead scooted closer to him and wrapped your arms around the back of his neck, pulling him into a tight hug. A broken sob escaped him and he buried his face in the side of your neck. The two of you sat like that for a while, and you ran your hands through the hair at the base of his skull while he clung to you. “I… I feel like I’m drowning. Like I’m losing who I am. I don’t know myself anymore, (Y/N).” “Well I do, Ben. I know who you are.” you said, and in that moment you truly believed you did. “And I won’t force you to tell me what happened. I know you will when you’re ready just-- just know that I will help you. Whatever it is, I will help you through it okay? You don’t have to face it alone.” “I’m afraid,” he whispered against your neck, fingers digging into your sides almost painfully. “I am too,” you admitted, pressing your cheek against his hair, breathing in his scent. “But we can fix it, Ben, I promise. Together.” Without warning he pulled back suddenly and pressed his lips against yours. The kiss was urgent and desperate, the wetness on his cheeks causing tears of your own to spill from your eyes. Ben gripped the back of your neck, pressing you into him and deepening the kiss, running his tongue along the seam of your lips. He wanted you to let him in, in more ways than one as you felt the gentle pressure returned to your head. And you did. Your tongues moved together as he reached into your mind. You knew what he wanted to see: he wanted proof of your love. Of your acceptance. He wanted to see that you truly meant what you said. You did your best to project that to him, trying to help him understand that you were with him. No matter what. Always. He broke the kiss suddenly, resting his forehead against you while he desperately tried to regain his composure, gently wiping your tears. “Can we-- can we go somewhere?” he asked once his breathing had settled. He pulled back enough for you to see his tear stained face, his lips red and swollen from your kiss. “Where?” you asked, moving one of the hands from the back of his neck to cup his cheek. “Anywhere,” was his answer. He stared deeply into your eyes, pressing his lips to yours again before he continued. “Anywhere we can be alone. I want-- I need to be alone with you.” “Okay,” you murmured against his lips, “wherever you want. I need you too, Ben. I do.” He took your hand in his again, slowly sliding off the table and making his way toward the door. You weren’t sure where he would lead you but, in this moment, you knew you’d follow him anywhere. Notes: I tried really hard to make this as great as i could lmao i have a lot of passionate feelings for Ben so just tell me what you guys think ok? And for the next part there will be s MUT *maniacal cackling* You can follow me here on tumblr if you want to cry about Ben/Kylo: http://sithlordslut.tumblr.com/