Prolouge (Y/N) remembered their first mission clearly and without a missing beat. The First Order had found a small pro-Resistance village on a small planet, in a unimportant system. The mission was simple and easy, dispatch and find any important Resistance members with any valuable information, capturing and/or killing anyone else. Not only was it their first real mission out in the field, but it was the first time they saw the commander with their own eyes. The trooper shuttle landed a few yards shy of the village entrance, and when (Y/N) stepped out of it, chaos was already surrounding them. Keeping their weapon close to their chest, they briskly stomped through the village, pulling out any hiding villagers and lining them up with the rest of the captured. Simple. Easy. And without anyone to stand up or rebel against the force. The mission was almost over..when the large command shuttle came and landed on a large empty space, between the village and the villagers. As the large doors slowly opened, the nearest surrounding troopers stood in attendance, along with (Y/N), their guns held stiffly, and their backs straight and tall. A few more troopers were the first to appear, marching to the sides of the entrance, Captain Phasma followed close behind. Finally, (Y/N) watched intently as the Commander himself, Kylo Ren, walked slowly out of the shuttle garbed in all black with an intimating mask that distorted his voice, giving it a deeper, metallic tone. He looked around the devastated village swiftly, before turning to face the still surviving villagers. “Did you find the hiding Resistance members?” (Y/N) felt themselves jump in their armor upon hearing the Commander's voice boom through his mask for the first time in their life. “Not yet sir.” A trooper answered. “Just these villagers. They have not given up any information to the current whereabouts of the Resistance members.” Kylo Ren nodded slightly, and he scanned the crowed of frightened survivors. (Y/N) stood behind them along with a few other troopers, and when Kylo's eyes landed on them, they felt their heart stop in fear, before the eyes moved passed them, and landing on their captain. “There are small houses further out in the woods, surrounding this place. Have your men check them for any sign of Resistance.” “Yes, Commander.” Phasma said, then turned to the group of troopers that guarded the villagers. “You lot. Search the buildings surrounding here. These survivors aren't going anywhere.” (Y/N), along with the other troopers nodded, and swiftly split up, making their way deeper into the woods to scan and search the small scattered buildings. As (Y/N) entered the treeline, they could have swore they felt those same, terrifying eyes stare through the back of their head. Whether it was true or just their paranoia, they were glad the feeling disappeared as they did, going deeper into the trees. (Y/N) found a small wood and thatch house a few yards out. As they wandered closer they could tell that it was recently used and abandoned, footsteps were still imprinted into the soft damp ground, leading in and out of the house. Slowly and carefully, they entered the small building, gun off of safety and their finger hovering over the trigger. What a lucky day for them. Inside the building, old and rusted tables and chairs were scattered around, as if the person last in it left as quickly and chaotically as possible. There wasn't much, few pieces of paper that held no real value, and old tattered clothing. But, underneath one flipped over table, was a small, plastic covered chip. A very important, information holding, Resistance branded chip. (Y/N) let out a small gasp/laugh of amazement, having found something of importance on their very first mission. They would have considered themselves lucky-and they did-before realizing that they would have to show Captain Phasma and the Commander this very important chip, themselves, putting both of their very intimidating superior's attention solely on them. Lucky them. (Y/N) made their way back to the village with haste, and cautiously approached their two superiors, and cleared their throat to get the two's attention. “(S/I)” Captain Phasma stated, motioning (Y/N) to approach, as Kylo Ren eyed the trooper silently. “What do you have to report?” (Y/N) took a deep breath to calm their nerves. “Captain. I found this Resistance chip in a house a few yards west of here. I believe it might have some information that could be valuable to you and the commander.” (Y/N) breathed out, waiting nervously for a response as the two in front of them stood in silence for a few minutes. “Excellent work, Trooper,” Kylo Ren said, much to (Y/N)'s surprise. He held his hand out for (Y/N) to place to chip in, which they quickly did, dropping it in his hand from above. He eyed the chip intently, holding it up for closer inspection. “Alert your men to return,” Kylo said, turning back to Phasma. “We have everything we need now.” “And what of the remaining villagers, sir?” “Kill them.” Kylo Ren said this with no hesitation, causing (Y/N) to be taken aback, and also causing them to do something they would soon regret. “But..sir, they pose no threat.” (Y/N) felt their heart drop to their stomach and stop beating, realizing quickly the mistake they made. Kylo Ren froze in place, mid step from walking back into his shuttle. (Y/N) knew Captain Phasma's eyes were boring into their skull, but their attention was focused hard on Kylo as he slowly turned to face them. “What was that, Trooper?” “I-my apologize sir-i didn't mean-i shouldnt have spoken-” (Y/N) could feel themselves sweat beneath their armor, their eyes wide and full of fear. Kylo Ren stood still as well for a moment, seemingly staring right into their soul. It felt like an eternity had went by when he finally spoke up. “Do not make that same mistake twice, (S/I)” And with that, he was back on the ship, closely followed by Phasma who did not give (Y/N) a second glance. Their first mission, and they already accomplished pissing off the two direct superiors who could kill them without a second thought. Lucky them. Chapter 2 : Chapter One: New Job Notes: Ok, i had no clue what i was doing when i wrote this chapter, or where i was going with it, so it might seem a little stiff. But the next one will be better, i have a feeling i know where i want this thing to go. Anyway, enjoy! (Y/N) thought it was a miracle that Kylo Ren didn't destroy them on the spot after that little slip up. They though they were the luckiest storm trooper alive. They were so very wrong. It had been a while since (Y/N)'s first field mission, and it seemed like it was the last as well. After a short mission briefing, and scolding and speeches from Captain Phasma, they were stationed back on the Starkiller main base of operations..for guarding duty. They're new, very important mission, was to walk around the base all hours of the night, knowing fully well that no idiot would ever attack such a heavily armed planet. What a joke. (Y/N) knew it was Captain Phasma's way of punishment for talking out of line on their last mission, and, it didn't help the fact that the 'very top secret, important chip' they found has been almost completely wiped clean from any valuable information the First Order could use against the Resistance. All that work, and almost getting their head sliced clean off by a saber-for nothing. But, it was still a pretty good find, at least, that's what (Y/N) thought, grumpy and sleep-deprived as they walked their guarding shift every night. Still, it wasn't all bad. (Y/N) always dreaded the thought of actually having to kill someone on their missions, at least now they didn't have to worry so much, and the piece and quiet during nightly rounds was not bad either. All of this, was not the problem. Kylo Ren, was the problem. (Y/N)'s constant fear and torment by the dark-dressed commander showed no end. It was very clear that, not only did he blame them for the useless chip, he also suspected that they could very well be a weak link in the First Order's chain of loyalty. Like they would EVER betray the First Order!? They were RAISED by them, the only 'family' they've ever knew?! It wasn't much at first-(Y/N) would do their rounds and end up at the main control room, where General Hux would usually be arguing with Kylo Ren. (Y/N) knew better than to interrupt or enter the room, so they would move on, but not before Kylo Ren's mask turned to their direction, and stare at them, as they nervously try to make themselves unseen. The stare was intimidating and frightening, but it was just that-a stare. Or, it was.. * * * (Y/N) marched on throughout the corridors slowly, keeping their eyes alter as the scanned the halls for any unusual activity. They knew very well nothing would catch their eye as unusual enough to be alert for-but still-they were determined to do their job and do it right. They wouldn't want to end up with cleaning duty. With each step they took, and could feel dread beginning to rise up to their heart. The control room was coming up soon, which meant yet another terrifying stare from The commander himself. (Y/N) shuttered in their armor, but kept marching forward, hoping to get the whole ordeal over with quickly. As they approached the room, they noticed something odd. The sounds of arguing and yelling that usually emitted from the room-and Hux's mouth-were not present. This confused (Y/N) for a moment, before they reached the room, and saw only Hux present. Relief came quickly to them, and they smiled, feeling some sort of accomplishment. They turned around to leave, when the General noticed them standing there. “(S/I).” He called out, and (Y/N) turned back around and entered the room. “General Hux, sir?” They questioned. “Is their a problem?” Hux shook his head. “Not at all, (S/I). Just wondering the state of the base. Have their been any incidents?” “No sir. Everything so far has been quiet and with fault, sir.” “Excellent!” General Hux smiled slightly, pleased to hear the news. (Y/N) always respected the General, the fact that he was friendlier to the storm troopers, and gave them some sort of respect. They were his army, after all. “Actually, I called you in here for something else, besides a status report. Though it might not seem like it, I've noticed your hard work in making sure the base is kept in order. I know it seems like a useless job; to guard this heavily protected base,” that's what you thought! “But,” he continued. “It is still a vital part in the First Order, whether you believe it or not. My point is, I think your hard work should be paid off.” “Meaning, sir?” “Meaning, (S/I), I would like to promote you, as head of security, of the Starkiller base.” (Y/N) stood, dumbfounded by the news that flooded their ears. Head..of security meant they solely would be in charge in maintain safety throughout the entire base, as well as missions that lasted longer than a day off planet. Anything meaning the protection and safety of the First Order's top men and women. It was a great honor..and responsibility. “Well?” General Hux's question woke (Y/N) from their thoughts, and they quickly turned back to him. “That..would be a great honor, sir!” Hux nodded in approval of their answer. “Excellent. Well then, I should let you get back to work. Phasma will brief you on your new duties tomorrow, but for now, continue on with your rounds.” (Y/N) exited the room, unsure how to feel about this new development. Sure, they did feel honored, they also felt like they could actually matter in the system! But still, something felt wrong about it. They were just recently placed into guarding duty, they were good at their job, but not good enough for such a large weight of responsibility to be placed on them so soon. Their mind and eyes seemed to wander as the walk, and they almost didn't noticed the black-clothed figure that stood in front of them, blocking their path. “(S/I).” The distorted robotic-sounding voice snapped (Y/N) from their thoughts and inner questions, and they stood frozen in place, staring in surprise at Kylo Ren. Hearing him speak directly to them again for the second time in their life sent shivers down their spine-and not good ones. “C-commander, sir? Is there something wrong..?” They tried there best to make their voice stable and without any fear, but it was in vain, and their voice cracked under the pressure. Kylo Ren seemed to noticed their fear, his head tilted slightly, still standing quiet. Finally, he slowly began to make his way towards them, and (Y/N) resisted the urge to turn and run-not like they had a choice. In fact-it felt as if some unknown pressure kept them still. “I hear you've been doing and excellent job, guarding the facility.” As he spoke, he walked slow circles around (Y/N), and the could feel his stabbing eyes on them yet again. “Is this true?' “y-Yes sir.” It took (Y/N) all the courage they could muster to answer his question. He seemed to laugh slightly, as if they said something funny. The mask-however, turned his short laugh into an inhuman growl. “This surprises me. After your insubordination event, I was sure you'd slip up again, to reveal some sort of..resistance.” He was standing back in front of them now, only inches away. “I would never betray the First Order..sir.” (Y/N) held their breath, unsure if they should have spoken up or not. “Hmm.” Kylo Ren almost sounded impressed with their answer, and finally, after trying to read (Y/N) eyes, through their helmet, he backed off, and turned to walk away. “Well then, (S/I), enjoy the rest of your night. And enjoy your new job as well. I am certain you are the best for the job. After all, I was the one that suggested you for it.” He was gone, and (Y/N) was left to wonder what the hell just happened. And whether or not you would now have to deal with more than his stares. Series this work belongs to: Part 1 of the Past Memories series