- Hux flinches when he feels a sudden, sharp edge digging into the soft meat of his foot. "Fuck," he hisses, jumping back and clutching his foot with a wince. It's another Lego toy, lying randomly on the corridor. Gritting his teeth, Hux sighs and picks it up begrudgingly, thinking about being more severe on his lecturing of the twins next time. The little rebels have a nasty habit of leaving their toys all around the place, which has been the cause of many of Hux's migraines. If anything, his encounter with the Lego manages to take him out of his sleepiness, because when he turns to cross the kitchen's threshold he has his second surprise as he stumbles upon his stepdaughter, sat at the stool with a serious façade, arms crossed. "You're late," she says, tone clipped. Hux groans, and slaps the toy above the counter. His afternoon nap was a matter of necessity and he wasn't about to let it go even though the children wreaked havoc on the house whenever he wasn't there to shout after them. Not that the shouting worked much. "I've been awake for the last two hours," Ava continues, eyes following his movements around the kitchen. "I could've tried to wake you up but I still remember that time when dad tried to and- will you be making us food?" Hux supresses a yawn, settling the pan with a clank and cracking an egg open. "It looks like it, doesn't it?" Ava sighs too long-sufferingly for a fifteen year old, and props her elbows on the counter. "Anyway, Leo's play is in ten minutes, we're late. The twins are in the bathroom though. I told them to get ready or you'd be angry." "Great," he mumbles, and glances at the clock. Ava is right, they have to hurry. Leo would be pissed if they showed up late for his play, his temper was too much like his father's. Hux feels anxiety building at the pit of his stomach. Ren was supposed to arrive for the play too. His plane (coming from wherever he was) had already landed and Hux would finally see his husband after one whole month being left to take care of the children by himself while Ren was off wherever Snoke had sent him to. He wasn't looking forward to it though an inner part of him screamed in longing. His and Ren's last conversation didn't end very well, what with the twins screeching while Hux tried to make Kylo's face out through the blurry Skype connection and Kylo insisted he couldn't tell him where exactly he was: confidential information, between Snoke and himself alone. Hux had told him to go fuck himself and shut off the computer. The children had gasped and made him apologize for using a bad word. He makes Ava her egg and puts some bread on the toaster for the twins, taking nervous glances at the clock when a sudden yell resounds through the house, coming from the second floor. Ava startles, and meets his eyes with her own meaningful ones. Hux sighs, and dries his hands haphazardly on a kitchen rag. He's halfway up the stairs when the crying starts, and taking in a long breath, he opens the bathroom door. There's water all over the floor, the shower still on uselessly as both twins clutter around the mirror. Kale has his mouth wide open as he sobs, staring at his own reflection while Klara watches in mild disgust and horror, livid. They are both naked, their red hairs in knots, dripping water. "What is the meaning of this scandal?" Hux asks, very calmly. Klara looks up while her brother continues to cry. "Papa, I think his tooth-" she points at her own front teeth, and Kale suddenly turns to give Hux a wide view of his open mouth, missing a tooth as a trickle of blood slips out of his gums. "Oh dear," Hux says, followed by another loud screech from Kale who throws himself on Hux's legs. "Let me see," Hux tries to hook a finger under his chin, but Kale trashes and shakes his head, clinging to Hux's legs like it's his lifeline. "Let me see that, Kale- Klara shut that water off." Hux crouches in front of his son, and when the sound of running water finally stops, Klara comes to inspect her brother's mouth over his shoulder. "I see," Hux lifts his chin, and where Kale's tooth had once been, only a shallow hole remains, red and angry and trickling blood. "Well, I'm sure we can-" Hux is interrupted by the sound of retching followed by a wet splash as Klara decides the sight of her brother's bloody mouth is too strong and vomits all over her father and part of the floor. "Shit, Klara," Hux pulls away by sheer instinct, pulling Kale along as his daughter continues to clutch her belly and cough out the rest, hair falling around her face. Kale's crying restarts, louder this time, enough so that another, high pitched one begins in the next room. Hux thinks he'll go cross eyed. He barely hears Ava coming up the stairs until she's suddenly at the doorstep, taking one look at the scene before cupping both her hands to her mouth. "Don't," Hux shouts, afraid she'll throw up too, the foul smell already beginning to irk him. "Help your sister, come on." With a green face and a disgusted sneer, Ava takes Klara to the sink to help her rinse her mouth. "I think little Igni is awake," she says, and Hux is having some trouble trying to rid himself off the vomit. "So I've heard," the baby's incessant crying continues to plague them. Hux doesn't know how the neighbors still haven't called the police on him. They had probably grown used to it though they still sent him mean looks whenever they crossed paths. It was not as if he could control three or the occasional five children by himself, they could come help if they wanted to. "Papa, it hurts," Kale tells him amidst all his sobbing. Kale had been playing with that tooth all week long when he first felt it had started to grow wobbly, sneaking his finger between his lips to poke at it during meals, during the shower, before bed, all the damn time . Hux was glad the thing had finally fallen off. Levelling his son with a look, Hux turns on the showerhead and cups water in his hand to rinse the blood out of his mouth. Most of it has already petered out, but he has a feeling Kale won't stop crying as long as there's still blood visible. "How do I clean this?" Ava asks, staring down at the puddle of vomit with a sneer. Klara is sitting at the corner of the room, hunchbacked and still looking nauseated. "Get a rag downstairs and- for god's sake," Hux leaves Kale to attend to himself, the sound of Igni's loud crying suddenly eating at his patience. He pads out of the bathroom, leaving a trail of water and diluted vomit on the way to the nursery. Igni has her fists tightly around the crib's bars, her chubby face red, sucking on air that is spilled out by her powerful lungs in loud wails. Hux becomes dizzy just by standing this close to her, watching as she supports herself on her unsteady chubby legs and extends her arms toward him imploringly. Hux picks her up carefully, the toddler now heavy enough that his arms strain to get her up. "What is wrong with you?" Igni becomes silent, her cheeks wet with the trail of her tears as she searches Hux's face after something. "What?" He asks, and watches as she scrunches up her nose again, no doubt also sensitive to the smell of vomit that is now wafting out of him. She shakes her head and sneezes, all the while kicking her legs on Hux's chest. "I know," he settles her on his hip, tiredly going back the way around to poke his head on the bathroom's doorway. The situation is a bit more stabilized. Kale has mostly stopped crying, though when he sees Hux's head there he tries to restart to gain his father's pity. Hux ignores him. Ava is helping Klara wash some of the vomit out of the tip of her red hair while the girl scrubs at her own shoulder repeatedly as though Hux was the one who had thrown up on her. "Ava, I'll change Igni up and go downstairs, help them finish their bath so we can eat." Ava pouts, shoving her dark hair out of the way. "Right." Normally Hux would bother Leo with this sort of looking after his siblings thing, seeing as he was the one who seemed to deal with the you're-not-my-father part the better. Ava had always been Kylo's little girl and he couldn't help but feel she resented him for giving her orders. That she resented him for existing, really. All because of her mother's influence, Hux is sure. He and Kylo's ex hate each other with a passion unlike any other Hux has felt before, but differently from her, he was above holding petty grudges that went far enough as making up his children's mind to sabotage other people's relationships. He wasn't going to pretend Ren's eldest children meant the same to him as the twins and the baby did. When he first met them he knew it would be so, and so did they, who didn't try to feign any affection for him either. But to Hux's horror, Ren has a shared custody. Ava and Leo only ever spend one week with their father though (which to Hux still feels like a long time), going back to their mother afterwards to have their heads infested of shit about Hux. He changes Igni up as fast as he can, and by the time he's finished the toddler seems happy enough, squishing Hux's cheeks together as he takes her down the stairs, slapping her palms on the makeshift table of her sitting chair as soon as he settles her down. The kitchen smells of burnt bread, and sure enough the twins' toasts are black once Hux takes a look. Groaning, he throws them away. He only has enough time to mix them some chocolate milk before Ava is coming down the stairs, the twins dressed and ready after her, clambering down the stairs in giggles before chasing one another around the counter. Hux settles their chocolate in front of them, and they fumble to drink it up, Ava taking her seat back with a sigh. "The bathroom still stinks and we're now later than ever." Hux shrugs. It's not as if it could be helped. "I'm going to take a shower, watch them for me and then we can go." He doesn't wait for an answer, and is surprised when he's starting to climb up the stairs and gets one. "You don't really want to go, do you?" Hux pauses, frowns, and turns to look at her over his shoulder. "Sorry?" Ava holds herself firmly, lips tight. "To Leo's play, you don't want to go." Hux blinks. "And what gave you that impression, I wonder?" "You're stalling." Hux quirks an eyebrow. "My daughter doesn't throw up on my command nor does my son loses his teeth." Ava's lips wrinkle, and not for the first time Hux thinks she resembles the little girl from the Orphan movie: an adult trapped inside a teenager's body. "I wasn't talking about that," she crosses her arms. "You slept for too long and you never miss your hour." Hux simply stares at her. What is she trying to say? That he'd rather stay home than go to that boy's stupid play? That he'd rather deal with his own problems and his own children? She's right. He doesn't want to go. But Hux knows and understands the power of responsibility and he'd promised Kylo and half of Kylo's ridiculously large family that he'd take Ava to her brother's play and that he'd watch it as well because he was a fucking awesome stepfather who loved his stepchildren very, very much. "I was tired," Hux tries to balance his words because though she hits his nerves just right Ava is still a teenager who doesn't know better than being a brat. Still, they come out as a hiss. "Are you by any chance the only adult responsible for five children?" Ava squares her jaw. "Sometimes I think I am." Hux grips the handrail so tightly he thinks it'll splinter. The twins have now finished their milk, and are looking from Ava to Hux almost ashamedly. Hux doubts their four year old brains can understand what is going on whenever Ava decides to confront him, but now they look as though they do. "And I'm not your daughter," Ava continues as though she still hasn't said enough. "So don't account me as 'your child'," she makes quotation gestures for that. Hux just stares, the kitchen clock ticking unnervingly. Igni makes a small sound from her sitting chair but is otherwise silent. Hux doesn't know what to say other than fuck you, and struggles to hold that in before it can get the best of him. He could do it, the twins would never tell Ren, but he's sure Ava would. In fact, this would be the first thing she would tell her father about, and it suddenly dawns on him that this is exactly what she wants: to get a rise out of him, to push him until he says something he wants to so she can have a reason to cry and imminently put her father against him. She wants to fuck his marriage up but Hux is having none of that. He takes in a collected breath, though he can tell his face must be as red as a tomato. "I'm not going to waste my time arguing with you," and turns to go back to his earlier task. - The children are all settled on the backseat when Hux finally pulls off the garage. They are precisely fifteen minutes late, something that Ava has taken a delight on repeating from her place at the passenger seat. The ride to the school is not even that long and Hux doubts the play has started already, or else Leia or any of Ren's family members would be calling him. He drives quietly, and inside the car only the sound of Igni's squishy toy breaks the silence. Ava is looking out the window with her body poised as far away from Hux as possible, her brows heavy. Hux glances at her every once in a while but doesn't say anything. She knows how to sulk. Through the rear-view mirror, he catches Kale slipping a finger into his mouth to poke at the spongy flesh where his teeth had once been. "Kale, stop it," Hux admonishes, and his son quickly pulls his finger away, avoiding Hux's eyes. Ava sighs long-sufferingly again, as if she can't stand the sound of Hux's voice. He raises his eyebrows, his tongue itching to say something that will make her seethe as much as she had made him, but he knows he'd lose his reasoning. If she wants to play this game then she'd better be ready to lose. When Hux tells Kylo exactly how his sweet daughter had challenged him inside his own house while he was away when by law Hux had no obligation of keeping them , she will be the one to lose her father's trust. And it'll cost her dearly, Hux thinks revengefully, swiftly turning the car onto an empty slot and pulling the handbrake. Ava gets out of the car as soon as he does that, going to stand at the edge of the parking lot with an unfriendly face, dark hair whipping around her as the wind picks up. She had the worst genes: her father's for drama and her mother's for bitching. The twins start running around while he gathers Igni into his arms. Judging by the few people still outside, the play has indeed already started. Igni is excited to see a new place, head whipping around as Hux watches Ava walking ahead, pulling the door open and disappearing when it closes behind her. Sighing, Hux adjusts Igni on his arms while Kale and Klara hold the door open for him, letting it clang back in place as soon as they're in. There are parents on the hallway, and they all turn to give him unimpressed looks as the twins run up ahead of him like a flock of birds being released. Hux doesn't try to look apologetic. "Good afternoon, sir," a teenager who seems to be as old as Ava greets him at the auditorium's doorway. She has a face full of make-up, dressed up as an elf as Hux believes this the play's theme or something. She hands them the program, and Hux lets Igni shake it in her fist as he walks inside, twins following at his heels. The place is packed, parents sitting or standing, talking in a quiet hush. The play hasn't even begun yet, long, red curtains obscuring the stage from view. Hux can already spot Ava by the front rows, bending to hug someone that he recognizes as Leia. Leia seems to have kept them their seats and Hux makes his way as swiftly as he can, watching amusedly as the twins push through legs and throw themselves at their grandmother like canon balls. "Oh, I missed you too," Leia pats their cheeks, smile still in place when she nods at Hux and makes way for him. Hux maneuvers Igni around and takes the seat beside Leia. There's another, empty one beside him which he supposes belongs to Ren. "He's not here yet," Leia says, when Hux can't manage being subtle as he stretches his neck to take a look around. "Classic," he murmurs, trying not to let his disappointment show. He hands Igni to her grandmother, who seems to like to coo at babies, then tells the twins to sit and settle down. He catches Ava's eye, the girl sat at the end of the row, between her aunt Rey and that man Poe Dameron whose connection to the family is still shady to Hux. They both wave when they feel Hux's gaze on them though, and Hux returns the gesture with a fake grin. Ava ducks to whisper something in Rey's ear and Hux rolls his eyes, wondering what tale she's made up about her wrathful stepfather again. Rey nods along with a serious face and Hux sometimes forgets that she's still best friends with Kylo's ex. Leia explains that there was some problem with the sound system or something and that they have been waiting for them to fix it so the play can finally begin. Hux is not extremely preoccupied as he's not really excited to be present. His only hope is that this will be a painless waste of time. A sudden thought comes to him: Kylo's ex isn't here. He takes surreptitious looks around but the place is devoid of her irritating face. Leia is busy doting on Igni, who giggles and flaps her arms on her grandmother's lap, but Hux asks her just the same. "Where's Helen?" Hux fondly likes to call her Hell-en, but he was getting so tired of the hard gazes he was met with when addressing her as such that now he didn't bother anymore. "Oh," Leia pauses as one of Igni's straying hands finds her face. "She couldn't come. Sick, I think, or on duty in the hospital. Why? Miss her?" Leia jokes, and Hux doesn't bother holding back his disdainful grimace. "Just thought she wouldn't miss her precious son's play," the thought of it amuses Hux, regardless. Helen strived to be the utmost example of what a perfect mother should be like. Funny that she hadn't come to watch every single breath her children took. "Not very motherly of her part, is it? I mean, I 'm here and he isn't even my son," Hux smirks. Satisfaction does have a way of lighting his mood. Leia rolls her eyes, and once someone announces the play is finally beginning, Igni decides to cry. The curtains draw back while Leia tries to calm her, the first scenario depicting a large field or forest, a small girl in a purple dress coming into view as she dances around, pausing in the silence that follows and opening her mouth to say her first rehearsed lines right when Igni bawls. The audience turns to glare at them, and Leia desperately hands Hux's daughter back to him. "She doesn't calm down," she says, reaching to continue drying Igni's tears with her thumb as on the stage, the small actress is finally able to begin. "She's hungry," Hux states, and whispers for the twins to pass him the baby bag. Having three feisty children has taught Hux to always carry half their stuff with him wherever they went. They had grown out of it already, but Klara and Kale used to pee whenever they wanted, on their clothes, in public. Hux is immune to embarrassment nowadays. He mixes some milk powder and Igni sucks on the baby bottle like there's no tomorrow. This is much easier. Hux loves not having to pull his collar to feed her anymore. It was a pain in the ass. Once, know-it-all Hell-en said he should breastfeed until the children were two years old or else they wouldn't grow to be healthy. Hux had then very calmly asked her if she had managed to feed her children for two years on her breast. She had turned scarlet, and Rey had had to usher her away before they could ruin whatever family gathering they were in. On the stage, the girl has suffused to the background as now more children dressed bizarrely in greens and browns cluster around the spotlight. It is very boring, but some of the audience chuckles at an apparent joke. Hux takes a look down at his watch. Klara and Kale look like Hux's dream kids, sat with their backs straight and focused on the stage, eyes glinting in catharsis. He feels a twinge of pride, watching and trying to make himself believe they're actually this angelic all the time. At the end of the row, a sudden tall form appears and Hux's breath hitches. Only his husband would look that clumsy and gangly while trying to be subtle. Pursing his lips, he cuts his attention back to the stage, adjusting Igni on his lap as she continues to drink from the baby bottle. He keeps a keen ear on what's going on though, and hears Ava's delighted whispers when he catches Kylo bending to hug her out of the corner of his eye. He hears Rey and Poe saying something to Kylo as well, greetings that sound pleasant. Kylo approaches, though, cutting his way towards Hux's end of the row with a hunched back as if a Kylo folded in half was any better for anyone's vision of the stage than a Kylo standing. Once the twins see him, they're out of their seats, disrupting the image Hux had been trying to build and the calm that had befallen. "Daddy!" They shout, and immediately a series of hushing sounds comes from the audience. Hux smirks, but maintains his gaze on the stage though the play is extremely disinteresting. The twins have thrown themselves on Kylo, who is now crouching in front of their seats to give one-armed hugs to each. Igni lets go of the bottle on Hux's lap, attention now piqued, bouncing excitedly when she sees Kylo, who is still trying to disentangle himself from the twins that talk over each other in their haste to say how they missed him and prod him after any gifts from his trip. "Yes, yes, daddy missed you too," Kylo says, the familiar, deep timber of his voice feeling like a long awaited respite to Hux. "Right, now sit, sit, yes, we'll talk later," he makes them settle, ruffling their hairs with one hand each. Hux can feel Kylo's gaze on him as though it is a physical touch, but instead of saying anything, his husband stretches over him to greet his mother. Leia asks how he is doing, pats his back when he bends to kiss her cheek. Hux veers away from them, tries to make it look like he's actually seeing anything what with Kylo's whole body in front of him. Finally, Kylo takes the spare seat beside Hux, letting out an audible sigh before – Hux freezes -, planting a small kiss on his cheek. Hux swallows, let his eyes drop to his own lap when Kylo coos at Igni and clamps his hands under her shoulders to pick her up. She kicks and gurgles, saying something incomprehensible in her garbled language. Kylo kisses her cheeks twice, and Hux only reaches out to swipe her chin clean with the bib. "She's just fed, careful," he warns, but Ren doesn't seem to mind, arranging the toddler in a sitting position over his knee and asking if she had missed him. Hux tries not to smile, but Leia chooses this time to poke his elbow and call their attention to the fact that Leo is apparently on stage. "Where is he?" Hux squints. All he sees is a group of four children and the rest of the scenario. "There, the sun," Leia points, bringing her camera up to record. "Oh," Hux feels suddenly a little bad for the kid. He's wearing a giant, yellow ball figurine, his wrists and knees the only discernible figure other than a sphere. His head pokes out of the center, and it doesn't suit the size of his ears at all. "Good lord," Hux murmurs. The other actors interact with each other, and Leo stands at the background with a sullen face. "He doesn't look very sunny," Hux can't help commenting. Leia makes a half-displeased, half-agreement sound. "He looks just like Ben when a kid," Leia sighs, and indeed the boy is Kylo's spitting image. Their pouts are identical, even, the nose and the stoic face just the same. The only thing that sets them apart is perhaps the lack of dark moles on the boy's face or the round eyes that are unmistakeably Helen's. "Does he have any lines?" Hux asks. Leo looks a bit lost, staring at the floor. "He does," Leia confesses. "I think he forgot them." Several minutes go by, and at the end of the scene Leo comes up with a couple lines. If he had been cast as anything other than the sun his intent might have been convincing. "Hey," Hux almost jumps when Kylo calls, ducking to whisper in his ear. He responds with a non-committal noise in the back of his throat. "How are you doing? Was it too bad?" Hux scoffs, finally turns a sharp eye to him. Kylo seems to be wearing the same suit Hux saw him off with, but the sleeves are terribly creased and the knot of his tie is just a ruin. Hux's fingers itch to pull him forward by it, to tide it up and maybe kiss him. "You can try working with the children shouting on your ears anytime if you'd like to know what it was like." "Ah, it was bad then." "Yes," Hux crosses his arms. It had been awful but to be frank Hux was used to dealing with stressful ordeals. What he couldn't bear was the thought that Kylo could inflict these sudden work trips on Hux whenever he wanted again without feeling an ounce of guilt. "Igni said her first words," he continues. Making sure Kylo knew he'd missed that would be worse than trying to explain why working from home with children was a disaster. Kylo gasps, "Did she? When?" The guy in front of Kylo turns to hush them and they both glare at his neck when he's finished. Hux waits a beat before continuing on a lower voice, "A few days after you were gone. I was working in the office and she wanted to play. She said 'baba'," he frowns, "I don't know what she meant though." An actress in a tree custom begins singing in a high-pitch and their talk is interrupted. Hux's phone buzzes in his pocket and though he knows it must be something work-related he ignores it. "How was it?" He asks, finally, when the girl is finished. Kylo hums in question, trying to calm a restless Igni. "The trip, how was it? You won't tell me where you went to but I think I can at least know if you succeeded." Kylo turns to him, stares for a while. His face is serious, but his eyes are warm. Hux just wants to be closer to him all of a sudden. He doesn't know where it is coming from. He had never been much of a person to miss another, and though he had accepted earlier on that he would never feel for another person what he felt for Kylo it still feels like too much. Like he's holding himself back for the sake of theatrics. He wonders if Kylo senses that. His husband always seemed good in picking on anyone's moods from afar. "It was good," he finally answers, turning to face the stage, avoiding Igni's hands that constantly try to close around his nose. "I did what I had to. Snoke was pleased." "At least one of us is," Hux tries to put on a scowl, but isn't sure of its effects on Kylo. He seems to ignore it. "And the children?" Ren asks, "I mean, Ava and Leo. They didn't put you through much of a handful, did they?" Hux feels like laughing. He snorts instead, because it's funny. "Imagine that: your children being a handful." "What?" Kylo frowns, leans closer. "They did? But Leo is-" he's cut off by the guy who turns around to hush them again. "I wasn't talking about Leo," Hux mumbles, and his eyes stray to the place where he knows Ava is sat at the end of the row. She's eyeing them too, rather manically now, frowning at Hux as though he's attached cuffs to Kylo already and won't let her near him. Kylo follows his gaze. "Ava?" He sighs, "What did she say?" It's no news to either of them that Kylo's eldest is averse to Hux. At the beginning she wouldn't even look at his face, ignoring his existence and pretending she wasn't able to hear him speaking. She had grown to be more cooperative with time, perhaps when noticing that her mom and dad wouldn't get back together. Still, her moods were frequent. "Nothing I hadn't heard before," Hux chooses to answer that with. He could tell Kylo, but it would seem... wrong? Maybe mean. He can keep it for later though. Kylo sighs. On the stage, it seems the play is finally coming to an end. "I knew she would try something. But I had hopes. Did you try-" "Ren, I'm not gonna be her friend," he hisses. It grates on his nerves that instead of realizing that Ava should handle it better, everyone just assumes Hux is the one being difficult. As though teenagers are easy to get on with. Kylo swallows, seems on the verge of saying something repetitive – they always have this talk, don't they? Instead Ren grins, and turns to clap when the curtains are drawn. Hux keeps his arms crossed, watching the easily excited parents whooping and snapping pictures of the kids that come to bow before them. Leia and Kylo stand, wave at Leo, who looks embarrassed but also pleased with himself. Hux feels like he's being watched, and turns to see Ava, watching him from her seat, her hands in her pockets and her eyes cold. - "Can I paint your nails, papa?" Hux doesn't even pause before flicking off the light. "No, go to sleep." "But I waaaant to," Klara insists. Putting the twins to sleep is always a difficult task. Kale had showed off his missing teeth enough that he was now tired, but Klara was still restless. "Please, please, please-" "Maybe tomorrow. Now sleep." "Okay," she turns her head on the pillow. "'Night." "Good night." He closes the door to their room. "I'm going back tomorrow." He startles. It's just Ava, standing at the end of the corridor, dressed in her pajamas and leaning against the doorframe to her room. "I need to see my mother." "Great," Hux states. He gives her his back and starts making his way towards his and Kylo's room. He listens to her sigh and to the door closing. What the hell. Kylo is sat at their bed, immersed in his phone as he thumbs something down. He looks up when Hux enters though. "What is it?" He asks, scratching his arm idly as he goes back to his phone. Hux's displeasure is always visible. "Your daughter," Hux says, and enters the adjoining bathroom. "What did she do?" Kylo asks in his defensive voice. Hux starts on brushing his teeth. He watches his reflection on the mirror: he looks paler than usual and his hair is a little bit out of place, the way Kylo likes. His husband must've noticed it too, or else he wouldn't have nuzzled and kissed the back of his neck all night long while Hux tried to put Igni to sleep. Kylo must be mad with sexual charge now, separation tended to do that. The thought of it makes him smile around the toothbrush. He's missed Kylo too. He rinses his mouth, ponders if he should tell Kylo about Ava. "She's been challenging me," he decides. "Challenging?" He puts his toothbrush neatly back in place. "Challenging." "How?" "You know how," he smears some hand lotion on his palms. "Saying stuff like I'm not her father so she won't answer to me and implying that I hate her and her brother but am trying to hide it as part of my wonderfully crafted plan of brainwashing you." He leans against the doorframe, cocking his hip to the side, knowing full well that Ren will be able to see his hipbone because his shirt is ridding up. He suddenly wants to play this game. Kylo's eyes really do stray to his hips. His husband swallows visibly, putting his phone back on the bedside table. "Oh," it's clear he wasn't paying attention to what Hux was saying. Rolling his eyes, Hux fights back a smirk. "Just talk to her, please." Kylo nods robotically, eyes suddenly raking down Hux's body. "Are the children asleep?" Ava isn't , he immediately thinks, and then: No, Hux, , his own mind responds. Could he really do that? He was that evil? Do you see yourself as that person? , he asks himself, and thinks of thin walls and a bratty teenager. Thinks of Kylo and his warm, broad hands swiping up and down his waist, clenching around his flesh to make his hips move faster, thinks of burning hot pleasure between his legs, of feeling full. He can feel himself clenching around nothing in his sweatpants. Kylo is shirtless. How did he take so long to see that? Kylo swallows, pulls the sheets back in what is clearly an inviting manner. Hux is supposed to be pissed at him. They had fought during their last talk. And yet. Hux moves, goes for his side of the bed slowly, keeping their gaze intact. Kylo looks anxious, straightening his posture and exuding pride like he's inwardly patting himself on the back for succeeding on seducing Hux. He doesn't break eye contact, watching Hux's progress like a predator waiting for that right moment . Hux sits on the edge of the bed, can feel Kylo's heat without even touching his skin. Kylo's pupils look huge. He leaps for a kiss and meets air when Hux lies down and gives him his back. "Hux?" He asks, lostly, after a moment. Hux pats his pillow and hums disinterestedly in response, closing his eyes. "Hux, do you-? Are you going to sleep?" "Oh? Yes," he smiles devilishly. "I'm tired." "But I-" the sheets rustle, Kylo settles behind him, but doesn't reach to touch. "I thought- Well, I missed you," Kylo puts as much meaning behind these words as he can. "Ah, I missed you too, darling." Ren knows something is up now. He's always in trouble when Hux calls him darling. There's a sigh, the one that is almost a groan and which Hux knows means what the hell did I do this time? . "Are you still mad at me?" Ren asks, carefully, his hot breath brushing the nape of Hux's neck. He expects to feel Kylo's teeth there- no , he doesn't, it's just his mind projecting what he wants. Hux doesn't answer, which worsens Kylo's affliction. "You know I would tell you if I could, but I can't. Snoke said-" "Yes, Snoke." Hux tries not to feel irritated, but the topic really is one that he hates. He knows himself well, and knew what he felt: jealousy. Kylo was Snoke's favorite now, when once Hux had been his right arm. Hux had once been privy to things anyone in the agency wouldn't be able to imagine. And now he commanded his men from home with an audio full of shouting children in the background. "Hey," Ren calls in his soft, appeasing voice. "Don't be like that, I know what you're thinking." "Really?" Hux entertains half-heartedly. Kylo is quiet for a moment. "You're as worthy as me," he whispers, and Hux feels himself shivering. There's a charged silence, and Hux wants him so much. Kylo's hand lingers over his arm, like he wants to cup it and turn Hux around to face him. Hux wants to face him too, wants to kiss him properly, something which he hadn't been able to do since Ren had left a month ago. "Hux," Kylo continues, warm breath on his neck now. Hux's lips part, he feels himself twitching, clenching. It takes everything he has not to gasp. Ren is good at this. "I miss you," Kylo finishes, the straight line of his nose nuzzling the sharp bone of Hux's shoulder. Hux turns, slowly. Kylo lingers above him in the dark. When had he turned off the light? "I miss you too," Hux confesses in a murmur, arms already spreading so that when Kylo ducks to kiss him, Hux wraps them around his neck. The kiss is warm, languid, makes Hux dizzy and horny. Kylo moves above him, rearranging himself over Hux's body, his tongue delving into his mouth. Hux lets him have everything, craves him with an intensity that was unknown to him. There's nothing but the wet sounds of their kissing, the faint movements beneath the sheets. Hux can feel Kylo's erection already, against his thigh. He feels the hot pull of desire running down his spine, feeling proud of himself, lusted after in the most passionate way even though the skin of his belly still carries stretch marks and isn't what it used to be before two pregnancies. He wants this, needs this. He missed Ren's taste, his mouth and the impractical way his dark hair fell around them and obscured their faces. He missed the bulge of his muscles, the warmth of his body and the way he tended to whisper the most wicked things in his ear. Hux spreads his legs gradually. Kylo hums in appreciation, and suddenly his mouth is sucking at Hux's neck, his hands on the small of Hux's back, under his shirt, massaging his skin. He's in a hurry, and Hux can share the sentiment. He had thought nothing of it, of being separated, but this is insane. Kylo nips at his earlobe, mouth hovering on that spot behind his ear and above his pulse point, the one that makes Hux's toes curl, that gives him goosebumps. "Kylo," he calls, but it's breathy, and he says it because no other name resumes how good Hux feels. "Yes," he answers, grinding down with a sharp jab of his hips. Hux throws his head back, tightens a fist on Kylo's hair. His husband feels big, his cock hot like a brand, and Kylo is pushing, grinding deliciously down. Hux brings his knees up so Kylo can have better access. "Off, off ," he pleads, without even knowing exactly what he is saying, but he needs to feel Kylo, needs to take their clothes off. He groans impatiently. Ren makes a hitched sound above him, between a groan and a moan, pushing Hux's shirt up with a hand, the other descending and pulling his sweatpants down with difficulty. Hux lifts his hips to help, but all he manages is to press against Kylo's dick better. His cock twitches in response, and Hux feels himself growing wet, desperate and empty, too empty . He's never been this needy. "Kylo, Kylo -" he calls in a breath, and Ren grunts in response, eyes shut, pulling Hux's sweatpants only enough until they're bunched around his thighs. "Oh yes," Ren breathes, palming Hux's buttocks and kneading the flesh. Hux chuckles, bites his bottom lip because Kylo is licking down his chest and it's good . A hot tongue swipes over his nipple, and Hux's legs clamp around Ren's waist. Kylo hums, his hand steering to Hux's chest, twirling a nipple around his finger while licking the other. "You know what I miss?" Kylo mumbles, and Hux shouldn't indulge him, but he does, hums in response. "I miss your milk." Hux feels himself flushing, a sheen of perspiration coating his body. He yelps when Kylo's seeking finger digs around for his entrance, and in his fervour he pushes down, wanting it in. Kylo groans around his nipple, and Hux makes a sharp hiss when he gets what he wants and feels the pressure of Ren's finger breaching him. It's easy, Hux is wet already. "Look at you," Ren breathes, and Hux feels his head lolling on the pillow. "You look so beautiful," Ren continues, and down he goes, until his tongue is plucking Hux's tiny belly button, following the path of his stretch marks. Hux preens under the attention, and works his hand around to take a hold of Kylo's cock, hot and heavy in his hand, the head leaking. "Oh yes," he moans, and Kylo fucks into his hand, using the opportunity to slip another finger inside Hux. "You're so tight," Ren says, something like admiration behind his words. "Am I?" Hux teases, biting his lip and pumping Ren's length. Kylo finds that spot inside him, though, and Hux sees stars, throwing his head back and clenching around the fingers. There's a third one too but he hadn't noticed, all he feels is Kylo's thumb now, though, pressing and twirling the nub of his clitoris. "Oh, come on," Hux pleads. He wants to finish, wants the scorching heat of Ren sliding inside him. Kylo must sense it, as always, or perhaps he's just as desperate, because he plucks his fingers out and when they align and he pushes it's perfect. It's a confusion, colors and sound and the unmistakable clench and pull and thrust. Hux's back arches off the mattress, surrendering to the movement of Kylo's hips that make his body jostle repeatedly. He's not sure who is making which sound. Usually the groans and loud puffs of breath are Kylo's, so that leaves him with the short yelps and hisses. Hux holds onto the pillow under his head, blinks up at Ren who is now gripping the headboard until his muscles are jumping under his skin. The mattress squeaks, and Hux meets him thrust for thrust. This can't last long, they're both on the edge. Hux can't remember the last time they fucked, or even the last time he touched himself in Ren's absence. Everything pales. He just wants this, for the rest of his life: the feel of Ren reaching something deep inside him, hitting that spot over and over again until Hux is sobbing. Is he sobbing now? "Deeper, deeper," he gasps, pulling Ren down by the hair. The sheets cling to their skin, but all Hux cares about is Ren's cock inside him, the fast thrusts and the way he debauches on the filthy sounds. "Come on, fuck me, come oon," he urges, and Kylo reaches for his clit, rubbing and pressing down until it feels like he had found Hux a second heart. That does it. There's a spasm, a wave that seems to paralyse him. His abdomen clenches, and in the spiral of it he can feel every ridge of Ren's cock inside him. Kylo makes a loud sound, but holds Hux to him, and when the wet current of fluid drenches their connection Kylo begins making shallow, deep thrusts into Hux's still reeling body. "God, look at you, this is amazing," Kylo croaks, his voice seeming to become deeper. Hux whimpers, feels the come that is now leaking around Ren, moistening the sheets and his thighs. He feels devastated in the best way possible. Kylo grabs his hips, fucking him on his cock in time with his own upwards thrusts. Hux swears he can feels his eyes rolling on their sockets, his whole body tingling in a shower of sparks. Hux pants, still seeing stars glued to the back of his eyelids. He will come again but is it possible? It is, they have done it before. Kylo has a passion for wringing out everything he can from Hux. "You know what I want to do?" Kylo asks, still going, a hand sliding down Hux's side to stop at Hux's stretched rim around his cock. They're wet down there, Hux's intense orgasm giving him the faintest twinge of embarrassment. "What?" Hux asks half-heartedly. Something pings in the back of his head, like an alarm that he's only able to hear now that he has been properly fucked. He should be worrying about something, but what was it? "I want to come inside you," Kylo continues. Hux groans encouragingly. "And then I want to lick you until you come on my tongue." Hux shivers, makes a strangled sound. Kylo has a wicked smile on, and soon his thrusts gain a faster pace until he's coming, squeezing Hux's body to his and pouring hot and thick inside his belly. They collapse, or else, Kylo collapses on top of him. Hux wants to complain, but he feels too accomplished, his body too heavy. They're silent, trying to catch their breath. And then Ren laughs. "What?" Hux asks half-heartedly. Ren is still inside him, come cooling. "What is so funny?" "I don't know." Hux rolls his eyes, but smiles when Kylo kisses him. And then it hits him. "Fuck!" He bolts out of bed, Kylo slipping free with an obscene sound. "Hux?! What's wrong?" He hears Ren shouting behind him, struggling to run with his trousers still wrapped around his thighs. He manages to get into the bathroom though, and goes straight for the shower, shucking his clothes on the floor. Kylo comes skidding in, eyes large and straying down the length of his body. "What's wrong? Did I hurt you?" "No, you idiot," Hux turns on the water. It's cold, and he flinches away from it. "What are you doing?" Ren asks, still very much naked. "Why did you run?" "It's-" Hux groans, opening himself up with his fingers. Ren's semen comes trickling down his thighs, and he hastens to wash it away. "Oh," Ren mumbles, rolls his eyes at the sight. "You know, you didn't sound so disgusted when it happened, and I can remember at least two occasions when you sw-" "It's not that," Hux shakes his head. He feels pathetic, washing Ren's come out in front of him. He watches as it flows and goes down the drain. He reaches for more, jumps so that it slides out in dollops. Ren snorts with laughter. "This is- what's gotten into you?" Hux sighs, washes all that he can out before letting his shoulders hunch. Ren stops laughing, instead leans against the stall to watch him with a curious gaze. Hux turns to face him, stands under the water and feels it drenching him, fast drops trickling down his hair and face until he's soaked. "We didn't use protection," he states, when Ren's eyes become searching. Kylo's face changes, goes from watchful and amused to somber. "Well, if you think I slept with someone else in that islan-" he cuts himself short, but his fury is still evident in the way he holds himself. "Island?" Hux frowns, shakes his head. "No, I didn't mean-" he blinks. There are speckles of water clinging to his eyelashes. "I, um, I'm ovulating." The only sound is that of the water running. Hux doesn't open his eyes, just tilts his chin up to feel the water hitting his face straight on. Is it possible to drown like this? He grabs the soap, rinses the excess and waits for Ren to say something, which eventually comes in the form of a low "Ah." "Yes, ah," he agrees dejectedly. He turns the water off and finally opens his eyes. Ren looks taken aback, but not despaired. He hands Hux the towel. Hux takes it, dries his legs before stepping out of the stall. Kylo's chest looks inviting, and Hux leans against it. "I'm sorry," Kylo murmurs. Hux hums, lets Kylo take the towel out of his hands. Kylo seats him on the closed toilet lid, and Hux feels like one of his own children, needing the help of an adult for everything. Kylo dries his hair while Hux contemplates the sink, where a constant drop drips every four seconds. "I should've-" Hux begins, but fails to find what he should've done. "I don't know." "It's okay," Ren shrugs. "It's not like-" he pauses, "never mind." "What?" Kylo lets go of the towel, grabs Hux's clothes and hands it to him. He's doing the thing when it seems his hair is voluntarily hiding his face from view. "Kylo, what?" He takes Kylo's hand in his before he can move away, peeks up at him. Kylo plasters on a fake smile. Hux knows, he can see through it. He's not sure if he likes what he sees though. "It's not like it would've made much difference," Ren says, and shrugs, tries to take it lightly. "Let's go to bed and forget this," he's quick to say, planting a small peck on Hux's forehead before moving away and into the bedroom. Hux wants to say something, can feel the words on his throat, begging to be let out. He wants to argue but feels drained. In the end he flicks the light off, and when Ren pulls him closer on the bed, Hux lets him, but turns his face away. -- Notes: thank you! ps: sorry if the children's name are weird, I have no patient to look them up and tend to just go with whatever comes first.