Prologue Kylo wanders hungover into the breakfast nook and is immediately greeted by the sight of that asshole Poe Dameron's picture on the front page of the daily paper, which Hux has thoughtfully left folded beside his recently-filled coffee cup (cream and sugar already added, even though Hux knows he's not a goddamn domestic servant and Kylo doesn't expect this level of fawning from him). LOCAL HERO PONIES UP FOR YOUTH IN NEED the headline reads, and fuck does Kylo want to murder Hux more than usual this morning or at least yell at him a little but Hux has already motored off to run errands for Snoke at this early hour-- not that early, in Hux's opinion, expressed in any number of passive-aggressive notes, Kylo drinks too much and sleeps too late and in Kylo's opinion that's between him and the guy who actually signs his paycheck and Hux is a prick. He's pretty sure, actually, that Hux is a prick entirely independently of any one person's opinion. He reads the article, which luckily has very simplistic words and sentences that he can understand even though his brain feels like molten lead and his eyeballs are throbbing with the weight of a headache that's still just building up to full strength. Something about an equestrian scholarship fund and free lessons for inner-city youth and Poe Dameron is the smarmiest most insincere pandering goody-two-shoes cocksucker that Kylo has ever met or even heard of and there he is in a photo that eats up the entire top half of the front page of this stupid paper. Poe in an indoor riding arena standing next to his horse-- a petite and somewhat round-bellied American Paint mare named Butte's Belle No. 8-- with his arms outstretched towards a group of kids sitting on the ground and looking up at him with distinctly adoring expressions on their tiny guileless faces. Well, it's not like kids know any better. The article is the very definition of a puff piece and a poorly written one at that, utterly devoid of useful information apart from one sentence at the end where the author states that at press time Dameron is on the pampas of Argentina teaching underprivileged farmers how to weave rope halters out of organic hemp. Kylo crumples up the paper-- the whole damn thing-- and throws it at the wall. He stumbles into the bathroom and tries to throw up again but nothing happens so he makes his way outside and trudges wearily down to the barn to turn the mares out and muck their stalls, which is pleasantly meditative but not enough so to get his mind off Dameron. Kylo's starting to think he's going actually crazy, that pretty soon he'll have no recourse but to start abusing Hux's foolishly unguarded prescription medication. Not the Viagra though, he can probably do without that for a few more years at least. He stands in the barn doorway and looks out on the paddock where Alderaan and Amidala are grazing but all he can see is that inbred little pigeon-toed nag of Poe's who Kylo's sure he must have rescued from a tragic cruise ship fire or a French sausage factory or something. Not that she isn't pretty enough, with her patchy orangey chestnut and white coat and her big blue eyes, but she doesn't have the breeding to compete in the circles Poe runs in. She's a one-off, a reject like Dameron himself, and-- Dameron would never let someone put a bridle on him, or a bit in his mouth, or force his hands into restricting rubber mitts molded to look like hooves. This is a bad time for Kylo to start feeling apocalyptically ashamed of his sexual proclivities, but... he's combing through his memory for the few times he's had an actual conversation with Dameron and he's pretty sure that Dameron's under the impression that Kylo is Hux's boytoy and probably also Snoke's. Dameron regards him as a grotesque curiosity, and this would seem to rule out Dameron actually being attracted to him, but men are contrary assholes like that. He'd probably like to take hold of Kylo's reins himself, wouldn't he, and fuck, Kylo's imagining it like he wants it to happen, like it's already on one of his much-replayed jerkoff reels. Poe putting blinders on him and hitching him to the bedpost and giving him the cropping of a lifetime, all the while speaking to him in that warm soothing voice of his, telling him he's a beautiful boy, a real prize, and Kylo would take his beating as long as Poe wanted, would stand quiet with the hard steel bit in his mouth and saliva pooling satisfyingly under his tongue. Then-- still standing there, watching the mares in their field grazing unconcernedly-- Kylo hears Hux's stupid foreign car with the whiny engine tearing up the driveway and cancels the whole fantasy. Just pulls the switch and lets the curtain drop, fuck that, he'd never let Poe Dameron touch him. He dumps the wheelbarrow and puts away the pitchfork and heads back up the hill towards the house because he knows that wherever Hux has been he probably wants a shower and if Hux wants a shower he probably wants Kylo in it. Notes: Recommended Listening: The Byrds' Sweetheart of the Rodeo https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9gA-0LaRFuU&list=PLnI5GJK_8_YzRADoC_67yu52ihw4gcarS