The young woman enters the ancient Sith temple. Only once before had she ever felt so much darkness, so much fear. Only when she entered Kylo Ren's mind the first time. She is used to the darkness that comes through their force bond now. Just as she suspects that he is used to her light. The balance is terrifying; her light and his darkness. It seems to just fit, and that is what scares her the most. She walks up to one of the First Order stormtroopers that guard the entrance to the temple. They have a dark red line hastily painted diagonally across the front of their white armor. Her light tan Jedi robe that she wears over her tunic gracefully glides over the old stones as she approaches. "Tell Kylo Ren that I've come." She says in a demanding way, but doesn't bother with a mind trick. She does however push a few thoughts into the troopers' heads; telling them that she means them no harm. "Alright." The one on the left says. He goes to enter the temple, but turns around, looking at Rey. "...Who should I say has come?" "Just go. Tell him only that a girl has come. Before I change my mind." She says, as she feels her anxiety heighten, and her confidence slightly lower. /// She is led into the temple by two different stormtroopers, also with their armor disturbed by red paint. Not only does she have to face Kylo's darkness, but now she must face the pressure of the darkness within the temple. She is led to a large room, with an eerie feel. The only light comes from a few areas where the ceiling has collapsed, allowing her to see the room. She hears the phantom shouts of dying souls; people-- force users-- that were sacrificed here. It doesn't calm her nerves. She sees a dark figure coming forth, and she already knows who it is. "What are you doing here?" Kylo Ren asks. He steps into the light; a spot where the ceiling had collapsed and crimson red sunlight flows in. She stepped forward as well, only a few feet from him. His mask is long gone, destroyed, along with Han and Starkiller Base, and all that remains is a broken boy trying to make sense of his life; with a scar running the length of his face. Rey's hair is pulled back in its usual style, and Kylo wonders for a moment what is looks like; what it feels like, when it is undone from its hair ties. "I'm here to help." She says quietly. "Help? Help who?" Kylo asks. "You." She steps forward. "I want to help you be whole again. But you don't seem to want to do it on your own, so I will make the choice for you. You either kill me or come home with me." It was a risky move, she knew. She had never met anyone as unstable as him. She believed herself to know people quite well; from her experience with junk dealers on Jakku and her teachings of the Force, she knew how to read people, yet Kylo Ren was the one person that she couldn’t read, couldn’t figure out what his next move would be. "I can't go home with you. It's too late." Ren immediately says, looking away from her. She is silent for a long minute. He would suspect her to be prodding at his mind, but he feels nothing more than the usual weight of their force bond. She steps forward again, unclipping her lightsaber from her belt. The precious blue bladed sword remains sheathed, and Kylo marvels in its peaceful beauty. For once, it’s not direct at him. She is less than a foot away from him, and she offers the saber to him. "Take this and strike me down. Kill the light that is left inside of you and break our bond." She lowers her head, murmuring, "You must choose, you must, I cannot continue to feel the pain that escapes from your mind into mine. Choose." The sorrow that fills her usually sharp, crisp accent causes an ache in his heart. At the very thought of killing this girl before him makes him want to run off into the corners of the Sith temple and cry, much like he did when he was a small boy at Luke's temple. "I cannot do that, Rey." He tells her. She looks back up at him. "Then I will do it for you." She ignited the lightsaber. "I cannot bear to watch you self destruct any more; watching you tear yourself in two." She raises the blade, aiming it for her chest, "I care for you. More than I know I should, and Master told me it would be my undoing and I know that now, too." She looks from the blue blade pointed at herself to his dark, conflicted eyes. "I know there is good in you. And I know that you know that, too. But until you choose to pledge yourself fully to the dark or come back to the light, you will be lost and I can't watch it anymore!" Just as she is about to strike herself down, he leans in, taking her wrist above her head and pressing his lips to hers. His other hand finds her other wrist and he holds her still as he kisses her. She sinks into the kiss, and somewhere, the lightsaber drops to the ground and she can hear the sound of it deactivating, but she barely notices. All she can think of is his lips on hers and how nice it feels; it gives her a sense of belonging, the one she has been hoping for ever since her family left her. He somehow manages to almost effortlessly undo her hair ties, snaking his hands up into her wavy locks, letting out a sigh of contempt. She runs her hands over his back and up into his hair. He breaks the kiss only to speak, in a low whisper, “I cannot kill you.” Rey's eyes are still closed from the kiss, and she opens them slowly, looking up to search his eyes. “Then come home.” She pleads. “Snoke is gone and now, you are free. Yet you still stay here, hidden in your silly Sith temple; all alone.” He gives her a slight smile, but his eyes are still sad, conflicted. “I’m not alone. I have my stormtroopers that left the Order to come with me.” She rolls her eyes, giving him a stern look, before taking a step back, out of his embrace. “You can’t stay here, Ben.” “Ben is gone.” He remarks. “So is Kylo Ren!” She argues. He is silent, unsure of how to respond. “You're only hiding from yourself!” Rey nearly shouts, her anger getting the better of her. She backs further away from him, and picks up her lightsaber, before crossing her arms. “What was the point of killing Snoke if you're only going to hide away? Why did you kill him if all you're going to do is stay here?” “I killed him to be free!” Kylo shouts. “And only after I killed him did I realize that I never will be free, because I'm the one keeping myself prisoner.” Rey shakes her head, reaching out to grab his wrists, “It doesn't have to be like that! I see what's inside you; you are lonely, you always have been. If you would ju--” “What? If I would just go home, everything would be fixed?” Kylo turns from her. “It doesn't work like that! I wouldn't be accepted, I'd be put in a cell; put to death for my crimes.” “The Resistance isn’t like the First Order; you won’t die. I won’t let you. Your mother--” “My mother.” Kylo scoffs. “She is the one I’ve hurt the most, I cannot face her.” Rey grabs hold of his face, as if she wants to shake some sense into him. “She wants you to come home! Who do you think sent me here? Knew that you would be here, of all places? She loves you, no matter what you do, she will always love you.” She takes a deep breath. “Come home. Please.” He holds her wrists now, as her hands caress his face. “I don’t want to face her; see the look in her eyes after all that I’ve done.” He mumbles, pressing their foreheads together, looking into his eyes. “You won’t face her alone. You have me.” Rey assures him, lightly pressing her lips to his. His entire demeanor changes, at her words. Never before has he felt the warmth of embrace like hers; he felt whole when he was in her arms. The loneliness that had surrounded him for so long gave way and he felt himself open his heart for her, open himself up to her in ways he never had before. He breaks away from her for a moment, his breath still on her lips. “I will go anywhere you go.” He declares. “Whether you like it or not.” He adds with a smile playing upon his lips. His smile turns to a frown. “What about my dozen troopers? They came with me after helping me escape, I can’t just leave them here. And they can’t go back to the Order, they are traitors; surely they will be killed there.” “They will be welcomed, just as Finn was; just as you will be too.” Rey tells him. She smiles up at him. “I have go contact Finn, tell him you’re coming with us.” She goes to start to walk towards the exit, before turning back to him, “You are coming, right?” His mouth twitches, and he walks up to her, taking her hand. “Yes, I am.” Chapter 2 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Rey had come in the Millennium Falcon with Chewbacca. Only now did she realize the mistake she had made, as she watched Kylo Ren stare in awe at the ship. She noticed how he hesitated, and stopped in his tracks when he saw the iconic vessel. She reached for his hand, and gave a slight nod of her head, as if giving him permission. He grabbed a hold of her hand as she led him up the ramp and into the ship. He hadn’t been in this ship for many, many years, the last time being on Starkiller Base. He cringed at the thought, of what happened only a short time later that fateful day. “Chewie?” Rey called out as she gestured for Kylo to sit in on of the seats in the common area of the Falcon. Kylo looked up at her in alarm; what would his father’s best friend do when he saw him? The Wookiee came through the corridor leading away from the cockpit. He gave a questioning groan to Rey, but stopped short when he saw his late friend’s son. He gave a loud growl of warning in the direction of Kylo and Rey held a hand up. “Chewie, I know, I know, but this is what the General sent us here for.” She tries to reason with him. “I need you to contact Finn. I need him bring another ship, enough for 12 people to fit in. He needs to come as soon as possible.” Chewie gives a nod of agreement, but before he leaves he points to Kylo’s waist and tells Rey to get his lightsaber. She steps over to Kylo and he personally unclips the weapon, handing it to her. She gives the weapon to Chewie, who sticks it in his bag that he has draped over his shoulder. He nods at the two of them, before going off to contact Finn. Rey looks over at Kylo. “We won’t leave until your troopers are on a ship, coming with us.” He nods and makes sure to send his gratitude through their force bond. He is sure that she understands his feelings, because she gives him a small smile. “I trust that you will stay here? Not cause trouble?” She asks. He nods. “Alright, well I’m going to see if I can speak with Finn; I’m sure he is curious as to what has happened.” She walks off, towards the cockpit and Kylo is left alone in his thoughts. His eyes wander around the ship, taking in the small, hardly noticeable changes made to it. He sees a box of things placed next to the curved bench and Dejarik table. Slowly, he walks over to it. On one of the sides, in Aurebesh, is a name, neatly written. Rey. /// “I’m on my way.” Rey shuts off the holo-projection of Finn and stands up. After explaining what happened, and the need of a transport for 12 rogue stormtroopers, he eagerly accepted the mission, and told Rey he would at the Falcon in less than an hour. He had come with Rey and Chewie as backup in case anything happened, and was currently orbiting Moraband in his Resistance Issued ship. It was just big enough for the dozen extra people, and Rey was grateful that they would be off the Sith planet sooner rather than later. She walked back into the main room, to find Kylo sitting on the curved bench, with her small hand made doll in his hands. She finds herself smiling, seeing such a small delicate doll in the rough hands of a man who has murdered so many. “I thought I told you to stay out of trouble.” She says as she walks up to him. He looks up at her, startled before putting the doll back in the box. “You said not to cause any trouble. I didn’t.” She rolls her eyes, before looking at the box of things, “Those are the few belongings I had on Jakku. After my training, I went with Finn and Poe to get them. Then, when I returned to the base, Leia told me Snoke was dead, and that you had killed him. I never had time to get a room at the base before coming to get you.” He nods, soaking up her words. Then she nods, before standing up. “Finn will be here soon, it would be best if we got the stormtroopers up to date on what’s happening.” They go together back to the Sith Temple, and round up the troopers. For the next forty five minutes, they all get the information on what’s about to happen, and where they are going, as well as make their way towards the Falcon. By the time they get there, Finn and his ship are already there. “Finn!” Rey runs toward her friend and envelopes him in a hug. She lets go, and he looks behind her at the men and their leader, Kylo Ren. Finn walks up to Kylo, and gives him a death glare like no other. They stand there staring at each other for a moment, before Finn cracks a slight smile. “Look who’s the traitor now, hm?” Kylo is still for a moment, before his mouth twitches into a small smile, as well. Finn looks over at the stormtroopers, assessing them. He looks over at Rey, and gives her a nod. “I will have to handcuff them all, just so nothing funny gets pulled while I’m flying the ship back to D’Qar.” He says, “And they all will probably be put in a cell for a few days before being put on trial.” He looks over at Kylo, “He’ll definitely also be locked up for a little bit.” Kylo already knew this to be true, yet it still stings to think of all the cruel things he has done. He pushes the thoughts out of his head and helps load the men into the ship. Once everyone is loaded, Finn gets ready for departure, and Rey and Kylo go back to the Falcon. Rey leaves him in the common area, and heads for the cockpit. Kylo almost goes to sit down on the bench again, but somehow comes up with enough courage to follow Rey, and he sits down behind her in the cockpit. Chewie gives him a groan, that Kylo detects to be a greeting and a warning all in one. Rey grins at Chewie and looks back at him, grabbing his hand and giving it a quick squeeze before returning her attention to taking off. They are in space and setting course for D’Qar in a matter of minutes, and after Rey makes the jump to lightspeed, she gazes back at Kylo. Her strong gaze seems to mend his, and he looks back at her with the same strength. Their bond tingles at the eye contacted. Though lost and unsure of where he will go after this, he knows that Rey will still be there. In the back of his mind; a constant reminder of the light that was inside him all along. Notes: so i'm thinking maybe two more chapters? could be expanded. hope you liked! I'm struggling with how to portray Kylo, because he is lost and broken, but I don't want him to seem all hopeless and horrible. *sigh* Comments are always appreciated! xx Notes: I really love where this story went, and I'm thinking of continuing it :D