Finn grins, hands in Poe’s hair as the man below him plants kisses on his stomach. “Hey…” The pilot stands, looking Finn in the eye. “What’s up?” “I was just thinking… maybe this time we could, uh... y’know?” “Switch?” Finn blinks. “Yeah.” Poe’s absolutely stunned. “You want to bottom?” “Yeah, I mean, you seem to like it.” “It takes a little more effort to get into than you’re used to,” he chuckles, “but I’d be more than happy to show you.” Finn doesn’t respond, opting to kiss Poe as a sign of agreement instead. It takes Poe a good five seconds to run through the steps again; it’s been a long time. He breaks away to pull his shirt off, quickly leaning back in. Finn uses one hand to unbutton his pants, pulling them down and kneeling to do the same to the pilot. He nips at the other man’s erection, still covered in fabric. Poe, suddenly feeling impatient, tracing the edge of his boxers before pulling them down and letting out a hiss as Finn gets right to work. He prefers using his mouth over his hands, knowing exactly where the pilot loves to feel his tongue run over. Besides, it’s more fun anyway. He follows their familiar routine until Poe’s cock is leaking in his mouth, getting a taste before standing back up. “Now what?” Poe runs a hand over his cheek. “We should probably open you up first.” Finn nods, stepping backwards toward the bed. He’s gone this far before; feeling the pilot’s finger inside of him as he works himself is one of his favorite ways to get off. But this time, it’s different. Poe spends a bit more time running his fingers over Finn’s entrance than usual. “The biggest thing is that you need to relax. Otherwise, it’s not gonna feel good at all.” Finn nods. “So it’s less about just opening you up, and more about getting you used to it.” “Right.” Rubbing some slick between his thumb and index finger, Poe nearly falls on his knees to pray as Finn takes it easily. “Seems like you’re nearly there already,” he teases. Finn laughs, already half-hard from the other man’s touch. Poe’s finger glides in and out a few times before he traces another over Finn’s hole. “Ready for another?” “Yeah.” Poe pushes it in, once again surprised at how relaxed Finn is on his own. He must really want this. “Think you’re ok?” Finn thinks. “I’m not the expert here.” Poe chuckles, pulling his fingers apart slightly and seeing how well Finn adapts. “I’d say you’re ready, if you’re feeling up to it.” “Poe, I really do want this.” The pilot pulls both fingers out and climbs onto the bed, kissing Finn as he traces the underside of his cock. “I do too.” Finn smiles. Poe shifts his body lower, working himself back up with one hand and using the other to guide Finn into his mouth. The man above him groans, surprised. Poe pulls off with a long drag up from the base, grinning at Finn. He guides Finn’s legs further apart, hands running down his thighs. Finn breaks the silence. “Ok, just be honest. Does it feel good?” “If the other guy knows what he’s doing,” he grabs the bottle of slick and pours some onto his hand before running it over his cock, “it can feel fucking amazing.” Finn tilts his head back, trying his best to calm down. “You ready?” He nods, eyes closed. “Yeah.” Poe smirks as he uses a hand to guide himself to Finn’s entrance, running his head over it with the slightest of pressure. “How does that feel?” Finn looks down at him. “It feels like I want you to fuck me , Poe.” The pilot nods. “Happy to oblige.” He pushes forward a bit, the very end of his cock disappearing into Finn as both of them let out sighs for very different reasons. Without any signs of objection, Poe lets his long-dormant hunger take over as he pushes further, Finn taking him just fine. He’s halfway in before he looks up again. “Good?” Finn’s teeth are showing. “It’s… new.” Poe gives him a minute, holding as still as he can. “Just try to relax.” “Yeah.” “Tell me when.” He uses the brief pause to run a palm down the underside of Finn’s erection. “Ok.” Poe continues on, knees weak as he gets used to the tight heat he’s gone without for so long. He leans forward, bracing himself with one hand as he gets close to Finn’s ear. “You feel so fucking good, buddy.” Finn grins, eyes still closed. Once Poe’s fully inside the other man, Finn opens his eyes. “Not so bad.” “Told you,” Poe scoffs. He reverses direction slowly, an involuntary sigh escaping his lips. “Still with me?” “I’m good.” Finn’s expression is neutral, but his voice has more behind it. He’s getting into it, Poe realizes. The pilot pushes back in, a little quicker the second time around. Finn moans softly in response, the sound music to Poe’s ears. His hand reaches out as he begins stroking himself. “Don’t tell me you’re enjoying yourself,” the pilot scoffs. “I’m... getting used to it.” Poe’s on his fourth thrust when Finn closes his eyes again. He groans, the discomfort fading as he lets himself focus on this new type of friction instead. “You can go faster; no need to torture yourself” A quick flash of a smile runs across the pilot’s face as he pushes in faster - needier - than before, letting himself get into a comfortable rhythm. Finn bites his lip, the feeling still odd but nonetheless causing a slow drip of precome to hit his stomach. Poe catches sight of it, flicking over his head with a finger and licking it clean. “Still good?” Finn nods, fist forming around his cock as all the attention his prostate is getting wills him closer to the edge. Poe reaches out and starts rubbing Finn’s nipple, knowing how much the other man loves it. “Do you want me to pull out?” Finn thinks for only a second, “How often do I?” The pilot’s smirk is answer enough. Finn puts a hand over Poe’s, holding onto it for nothing else but the closeness of it. “You ok, buddy?” “More than ok, Poe.” He smiles, face beaming with the same pride Finn saw after he pulled away from their first kiss. A few thrusts later, the pilot’s grin fades. “Ok.” Finn nods, stroking himself faster. Poe lets go of his chest to brace himself against the mattress, a long moan the only warning he can muster. The warmth in Finn’s cock intensifies as the realization that Poe’s coming inside of him fires off every nerve in his body. The friction against his prostate turns white-hot, bordering on painful as he comes more than he’s ever known possible. Poe lets out a noise caught between a laugh and gasp as he empties himself deep inside of Finn, a million different emotions inside of him him as wave after wave of heat spreads through him. “Ah, Poe… fuck, Poe.” The pilot responds with a goddamn whimper, something Finn’s never even dreamt of hearing. Lines of hot come sit on his belly, the few remaining shots running down his cock as he pumps himself with just two fingers wrapped around it. The pilot’s erratic motions eventually even out, his breath still heavy but able to speak again. “Finn…” He looks absolutely defeated. “Holy shit .” Poe guides himself out, climbing onto the mattress and falling flat on his face. Finn looks over, side-view of the pilot’s grin more reassuring than any pre-sex lecture. He runs a hand over Poe’s shoulder, skin warmer than usual. “Finn…” He picks his head up, flipping onto his back and taking deep breaths. “That was great.” Poe looks over. “That was fucking incredible, buddy.” He spots the white streaks on Finn’s torso, dragging two fingers across it and licking them clean. “You always do that.” Poe shifts closer, eyeing Finn’s lips. “I love the way you taste.” He leans forward to kiss the man below him. “I’ll admit, I wish we’d done that sooner.” Poe chuckles, his breath hot against Finn’s cheek. “So you liked it, then?” “It feels weird, but I’ve never come so hard in my life.” “So it’s an occasional thing? I can live with that.” “Maybe for your birthday,” Finn teases. The pilot laughs, pecking Finn on the cheek. “I’d be happy to do this once a decade, buddy. I love you so, so much, Finn.” “I love you too.” Poe runs a hand over Finn’s cheek, the feel of his stubble just about the pilot’s favorite thing in the world. “You make me so happy, Finn. I think about getting up and leaving the Resistance every damn time I have to go on a mission without you.” “And I live for that stupid grin on your face every time you get back.” Poe smiles. “Thank you, Finn. I needed this.” “Don’t thank me. This is about us, remember?” “Right.” “But, you’re welcome.” The pilot grins, teeth showing and those familiar crinkles at the edges of his eyes forming. “Should we get washed up?” “Lead the way.” Poe stands, walking towards the bathroom. “Y’know, I’m never gonna get tired of that view.” Poe laughs loudly, sticking his ass playfully back into view of the doorway for a second. “C’mon.” Finn takes a deep breath before getting up, the sore reminder of Poe’s cock inside of him an exciting prospect; something to remember him by when he leaves for Coruscant in a couple days. A sudden realization hits him, wide smile filling his face. His birthday’s only in two weeks . Notes: This was supposed to be another daily one-shot, it's still short but it took a few days to polish. Enjoy! I always love feedback; positive or negative.