Title crawl CALL OF DUTY Black Ops III: ARENDELLE ASSAULT David Mason, the man who killed Raul Menendez, has disappeared. In his absence, the sinister COMMON DEFENCE PACT (CDP) has risen from the ashes of the Soviet Union and will not rest until Mason, the American hero, has been eliminated. Avenger and billionaire Tony Stark had recently found a clue that could help find mason, but was captured, however, before he could turn it in. Stark was taken to the hidden CDP fortress of Arendelle, Norway. A kingdom ruled by the mutant, Queen Elsa of Arendelle. With the support of the WINSLOW ACCORD, Commander John Taylor leads a brave Faction known as the DARK OPS. Who are desperate to find stark and general mason and gain his leadership to the WA for the third cold war against the CDP. Taylor has sent his most trusted soldier and friend, Jacob Hendricks, on a secret mission to Denmark, where an asset has discovered the location of arendelle, and stark... Chapter 2 : 1. Attack on the Danish village and capture of Hendricks North sea, in-between Norway and Denmark, October 31st 2065 A crystal clear view of the moon is visible in the sky, until a large silhouette passes by, followed by 4 VTOLs coming out from the side, which fly towards a small village. Near Hanstholm, Denmark The 4 approaching VTOLs can be seen from 5 miles, a humanoid figure walks up and sees them. The figure is revealed to be a robot. Not a G.I.U. however, it was more human shaped. It turns around and runs to the village. In one of the village's huts, Jacob Hendricks sat across from a man in his 40s with auburn-grey hair and sideburns. The man placed a USB flash drive in Hendricks' palm and closed his prosthetic hand over it. “This will begin to make things right.” Said the man. “ I have travelled too far, seen to much, without David Mason there is no one to lead Winslow accord against the CDP.” “well thanks to you, Mr. Westergard, we now have a chance to fix that.” Hendricks replied. “John's been after this for a while.” “To you he is just your friend John, to me his is a brave leader.” “heh, well he certainly is that too.” Hendricks added. Suddenly the robot from earlier quickly entered the hut. “4 hostile VTOLs approaching the shoreline.” warned the robot. “We got company.” Hendricks, the robot, and the man left the hut and Hendricks pulled out a pair of highly advanced binoculars and saw, indeed, that 4 CDP VTOLs were quickly approaching the village's shoreline. “You have to hide.” Hendricks advised. “You have to leave.” The man replied. Hendricks turned around to face the man. “Go.” He said. Hendricks turned his head to the robot and gave it a “come on” gesture and they ran off while some of the villagers, armed with weapons, took defensive positions. Eventually the VTOLs reached the shoreline, slowly turned and landed with the back doors opening and dozens of CDP soldiers running out, all of them armed with KN-44 Assault rifles. “Come on, Reaper, hurry!” Hendricks yelled as he got in the front seat of his F-85B, which he had landed nearby. “Servo Speed at maximum.” Reaper responded as he got in the co-pilot seat behind Hendricks, who began to start up the jet. “Disable that fighter! Over there! Over there!” A CDP officer shouted at the soldiers behind him. One of them threw an EMP grenade that caused the fighter to power down. “FUCK!!” “Engines inoperable” “weapons?” “missiles offline, 22mm Cannons functional,” “Good enough.” Hendricks activates the cannons and kills the soldiers, then he grabs his Man-o-War assault rifle and gets out of his fighter and Reaper followed. Hendricks heard a scream and looked to the village to see the CDP soldiers killing the villagers with weapons, rounding up the unarmed ones, and burning down the huts with thermite. Hendricks looked back to Reaper, pulled out the flash drive the man gave him, and walked over to Reaper. “You take this! It's safer with you more than with me. Get to the WA base at hanstholm, contact commander Taylor and make sure he gets this drive.” “What about you, sir?” “I'll try to keep their attention on me. If I'm captured, Hey, All the more reason to attack arendelle. Go, NOW!” Reaper ran as fast as he could away while Hendricks took position behind a wall where he had a clear view at the CDP soldiers running through the village. He shot 2 in the head and a third in the neck. One soldier noticed this and knelt down beside him, behind cover. This soldier, however, was not wearing a standard CDP Outfit. Instead he had a large fire control helmet that had orange viewport. He tried to help the soldier but he didn't know what to do. The dying soldier ran down his bloody hand on the other's mask leaving behind a bloody hand print right before he died. The other soldier suddenly stood up in shock, overwhelmed by all the gunfire, explosions and death. Then Hendricks looked up as a single, Ice Blue Su-50 “bandit” slowly landed near the VTOLs. The cockpit opened and a Woman with Platinum-blonde hair and a stunning blue dress came out and walked towards the soldiers, who had forced all the surviving villagers into a group by surrounding them. Two soldiers brought the man that gave Hendricks the drive before the woman, who spoke after a few moments. “Look how old you've become.” “Something far worse has happened to you, Queen Elsa.” “You know what I've come for, Hans.” “I know where you've come from: That dreaded Fortress you still call your kingdom.” “The coordinates of Arrendelle. We know you have them. And now you're going to give them back to the CDP.” “Most of the countries of the Common Defence Pact rose from the soviet union. Yours did not.” “I don’t care about communism, I care about the survival of my kingdom.” “Do you?” The woman became angry. “you know what? Maybe I should just kill you.” The man wasn't afraid at this. “You may try, but you cannot deny the truth that is your actions.” “you're so right.” Then the woman brought her hands up and a sword of pure ice quickly appeared as she struck the man down with it. Hendricks was about to shoot the woman, but her reflexes were too quick and she blasted his Man-o-War out of his hands. “Shit...” Hendricks whispered as he put his hands up and surrendered. “Secure him.” ordered the woman as 2 soldiers grabbed Hendricks and brought him before the woman. There was a long silence. Hendricks broke it. “So who talks first, me or you?” “The old man gave it to you.” “Actually I don't my superiors will approve me talking to the enemy.” “search him. And, who are your superiors?” The woman asked as the soldiers searched Hendricks. “That's classified.” “Nothing, your majesty.” Said one of the soldiers. “Then we bring him back for interrogation.” The soldiers took Hendricks towards one of the VTOLs as a CDP Officer asked the woman: “Your majesty, The villagers?” The Woman was very serious on what she said next. “kill them all.” The soldiers aimed their weapons at the screaming villagers and began shooting them by the woman's order. Hendricks heard everything and closed his eyes in shame. The soldiers kept shooting down the poor villagers. Except one, who was the same one who had the unique Armour and watched a comrade die. The woman was walking back to her fighter, but stopped and looked at the soldier, who looked back. The woman had a feeling about him, but decided to deal with it later. The VTOLs and Ice-blue fighter jet flew back to where the came from: A CDP airship. “Alright, Alright!” Yelled Hendricks as he was taken of the VTOL and away by the soldiers. The soldier from before broke away from his squad and ran into the back of an empty VTOL and removed his helmet, breathing heavy. The soldier's face had multiple small cuts and burns. "Specialist Krystof "Firebreak" Hejek." The soldier turned to see the woman staring at him blankly. "Submit your KN-44 for inspection." The soldier turned away from her, but answered. "Yes, your majesty." "And why did you take your helmet off?" "I'm sorry, your majesty." "Report to your division at once." The woman turned away and walked off, while the soldier waited a few seconds before putting his helmet back on.