Know It or Not (Armitage Hux) You entered your quarters, fists and jaw clenched in anger. How dare he? You thought. You flung your First Order uniform jacket from your shoulders, letting it land on the ground. You didn't care. Off your boots came, flying off in different directions across the living room. The place was too clean anyway, you felt like destroying something. However you opted to sink into the couch with your holopad, trying to distract yourself from the day with reports. About an hour into mindless reading, the doors slid open, revealing your boyfriend entering the room. “Hello, darling,” he greeted. He walked over to you when you didn't respond, concern etched into his features as he crouched down to your level. “What's wrong? Was it work?” You sighed as you drew your attention away from the reports, making direct eye contact with him. “My boss is an asshole,” you said. “Hm, the General?” he asked. “Well, he can be an asshole.” “It's not that he can be, he is!” you shouted, your anger coming back in full force. You were now sitting up on the couch, becoming slightly taller than the man before you. “He screamed in my face, telling me how incompetent I am for an officer, how I seem to keep making mistakes, as if on purpose!” You narrowed your eyes, breathing heavily. “He reprimanded me in front of my subordinates. How do you think that made me feel?!” Tears started to pool in your eyes. Your boyfriend reached out and began to stroke your arm as you continued. “General Hux makes me feel like I'm the lowest life form to ever come into existence, makes me feel that I'm not worthy to serve the First Order. I am damn good at my job, but if he keeps up with this-” A sob cut you off as your body shook. Your boyfriend pulled you towards him and held you tightly to his chest, nuzzling his face in your hair. “Shh, shh,” he soothed. “You are not the lowest life form, you are not incompetent. You are the bravest, kindest, most brilliant woman I have ever known, and if General Hux doesn't recognize you for the goddess you are, then he is the biggest fool in the galaxy. He doesn't deserve to be General if he can't see what's in front of him.” You pulled back a little from him, gazing up into his face and sniffling. He was looking down at you, grazing his thumb over your cheek to wipe away some tears. You love this man. He makes you believe all the things he says about you, makes sure that you believe yourself to be them. The two of you sat like that for a bit longer, you head resting on his shoulder while your breathing returned to normal. He turned to kiss the side of your head, his lips lingering. “You know,” you started, holding him tighter, “he's not as bad as I make him out to be.” “Nonsense, the man's a jackass.” “No, he's not,” you started, leaning back to look at his face. “He's amazing. He's an extraordinary leader, and he's awe inspiring. I really did deserve to be reprimanded like that. I did not catch my subordinate's mistake, the screw up is on me. As an officer, I take responsibility for my team.” “He shouldn't have raised his voice at you like that,” your boyfriend said, disdain in his voice. “The least he could have done was yell at you behind closed doors.” “Maybe,” you agreed. “But he has so much on his mind, he didn't need to deal with a mistake that should not have happened in the first place. If I had been more attentive-” You were silenced with a kiss. It was chaste and sweet, his lips warm under yours. You reached up to cup his face, smiling when you broke apart. He rested his forehead against yours, and you ran your fingers through his red hair. “I shouldn't have shouted at you like that,” he said, guilt heavy in his voice. “You deserve to be respected, and I didn't do that.” “Hey,” you started, getting his blue eyes to flick towards yours. “I know you're under stress, and I shouldn't be so sensitive. You're good to me, Armie. You make me happy.” “I made you cry.” “No,” you corrected. “General Hux made me cry. My Armitage makes me happy.” His expression softened at your words, and you smiled. “You let your anger from everything else out on me because you know I'll still love you at the end of the day. That I know you'll still love me, even through the screaming. His eyes roamed over you as he brushed your hair out of your face, gently tucking it behind your ear. “How do I ever get your forgiveness?” he questioned. He wrapped his arms around you. He pressed his face into your hair. “I love you, you know, but I don't deserve you.” “I get to decide who deserves me,” you asserted, “and that person is you, whether you know it or not.” He chuckled and gripped you tighter. “And I love you too, Armie.” Chapter 2 : Once Upon a Time (Kylo Ren, Hux) Summary: Reader has moved on from Ben Solo but Kylo Ren has trouble accepting that. Notes: Decided to make this a series of one shots. Kylo Ren watched her from across the command center. She was standing so close to Hux, giggling as he rubbed his hand up and down her arm and then rested the other on her swollen abdomen. Ren could feel the small life force moving within her; he had no doubt that Hux's offspring would be strong. She was smiling so brightly, and Ren could see Hux trying to suppress a grin of his own. Kylo would only see Hux smile when she was around. Once he had lurked into the General's mind when the man was smiling faintly to find images of her sprawled out on his bed, hair a mess with her naked chest heaving in the aftermath of ecstasy. Not a fantasy, a memory. Kylo Ren had felt his stomach twist into knots. Once upon a time, she had been the love of Ben Solo's life. She was the Jedi Temple librarian's apprentice, making sure that the Jedi culture would be recorded and protected for future generations. Although she was not force sensitive, Master Luke had allowed her to interact with the padawans at the end of the day. Ben had first seen her when he was sixteen and she was fifteen. He swore he fell in love the first time he saw her smile, and knew for sure he had when he heard her laugh. The girl was always kind to him. She greeted him whenever she ran into him throughout the day, being sure to ask him how his training was progressing. These short interactions in the halls soon became visits to each other's rooms, sneaking off during the night to continue conversations that took hours to complete. He remembered how once when they were sitting on his bed during their nightly visits, he had leaned in towards her to peck a kiss onto her cheek while she told a story. She had stopped speaking to look at him in shock. Ben could feel himself growing warm, a blush working its way from his chest to his face. He had not thought this through. “I'm sorry,” he began to hurriedly apologize. “I don't know what I was thinking, I didn't mean-” He was stopped when she gently put her fingers to his lips. She furrowed her brow at him. “Why are you apologizing?” Her eyes sparkled with confusion, her lips pouting. Ben's eyes were drawn to her pretty mouth. He opened his mouth to speak, but nothing came out. And her fingers were still pressed to his mouth. When she lowered her hand, he was finally able to find his voice. “I don't know,” he answered. She tilted her head as she looked at him, eyes searching his, but for what he did not know. “It just felt like the right thing to do, at the time.” "Don't apologize," she began, moving closer to him. "I-I liked it. A lot. It was nice." She smiled shyly at him and continued. "I've just never k-kissed someone, or been kissed..." She trailed off, looking about from him out of embarrassment. Ben placed a hand on her arm, rubbing his thumb over her bicep. "Neither have I," he admitted quietly. She looked up at him and met his gaze, mouth parting slightly. His brown eyes began to close as he leaned his face towards hers, stopping right before touching her lips with his. He did not want to force her to do anything. She could feel his warm breath coming out in short pants against her, closing her eyes before moving slightly towards him. When he felt her lips on his, his hands went up to thread into her hair, pulling her against him. Her hands went to his chest as she mewled, clutching at his tunic to ground herself. She felt as if her head was floating off, becoming dizzy with desire. They finally parted when they needed to breath, heavy pants filling the otherwise silent room. Ben rested his forehead against hers and began to place kisses all over her face, her jaw her neck. He breathed in her scent and thought that if he were to die at that moment, he would die happy. Her hands ran through his hair as she smiled and giggled, returning his kisses whenever he ventured near her mouth again. That was the last time Ben could remember being happy before the darkness took over him. And now Ben Solo was dead, and Kylo Ren did not love her, could not love her. He did feel a coldness grip his heart, something similar to dread. He could not love, but he could feel her absence wear on him. He was taken completely by surprise when she had been with a group of Resistance members that the First Order had captured, her face devoid of any emotion as she faced him, preparing for her fate. Ren could only stare at her, frozen to the ground, feeling as if he was looking at a ghost. She had looked away when he did not move, disgust written on her face. General Hux had walked in shortly after the prisoners were taken aboard the Finalizer , with Hux interrogating the girl alone. What had transpired in that room Kylo did not know, did not want to know. He only knew of the outcome, which was the General falling in love with her, and she with him, and a wedding soon followed. Now Kylo Ren watched as she and Hux walked by, her husband's hand on her lower back as he guided her through the center. Ren watched the couple until they were out of sight as he had many times before, then began to make his way quickly to his rooms to meditate. He did not need any distractions. Later that night, in the General's apartments, Hux was hunched over his desk studying a holopad. His wife made her way over to him slowly, hand on her stomach as she felt her child move. “Armitage,” she said, trying to gain his attention. “Hm?” he answered, looking up from his reports. My, she is beautiful, he thought. Belly large with my child, I could never tire of the sight. “What is it, my love?” She placed a hand on his desk, continuing to stand. “I was thinking about names for the baby,” she began. “And while you chose the name if we are to have a daughter, I think I finally settled on a name for a son.” Hux nodded for her to continue. She swallowed before softly saying, “Ben.” Hux looked away to contemplate the name for a moment before repeating her. “Ben.” He stood up from his desk and walked to her, taking both of her hands in his. “I think that is a suitable name. It's strong. I like it.” He raised her hands to his lips and kissed them softly, closing his eyes to enjoy the feel of her skin. She smiled warmly at her husband. Chapter 3 : Acts of Kindness (Darth Maul) Summary: Reader meets a young Maul. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) (Y/N) hummed while walking along the forest path, slapping at nearby leaves. The forests on Takodana were quite dense, but villagers had created paths throughout the planet so that navigation and travel were no issue. (Y/N) loved to walk the paths, occasionally getting lost but that was fine; she felt at home in the forest and always found her way back. She had become quite skilled at navigation because of it, and she was only ten. It had rained earlier so everything was still damp, droplets of water falling the trees and onto her head. (Y/N) smoothed her hair back from her face, wiping the water droplets from her eyes. As she rubbed her eyes, she heard a sniffling sound. She stopped rubbing and frowned; that was not a typical forest noise, she decided. She heard it again, coming from her right. She padded quietly to an open area, squatting down as she watched a boy sitting underneath a tree, knees to chest, crying. Suddenly his head snapped up, and (Y/N) stifled a gasp. His skin was red, and his face had black markings all over. His eyes were a bright yellow and seemed to stare right at her. "I know you're there," he called out, voice cracking as he stood up. "Show yourself." (Y/N) hesitated but decided that he was not a threat to her. He was only a few years older than her, after all. She stood and came out from behind the tree. She walked towards him, continuing to do so even as he took a guarded stance. "State your name," he commanded. He was trying to be brave and authoritative, but (Y/N) could still see the tears on his face. "Why are you crying?" she asked. His face cringed. "W-what?" "Why are you crying?" She stood a few feet in front of him. He was a bit taller than her and looked down at her. He wiped his nose with his forearm, sniffling again. "I'm not." "Just tell me," she said. "I saw you. Are you sad? Are you hurt?" The boy was taken aback; no one ever asked how he was feeling. He wasn't sure how to respond. He ran a hand over his smooth head. "It hurts," he mumbled. "A lot." "You're head?" "Maker, yes! My head!" he shouted at her. Birds flew above them, rustling the trees. She flinched but kept her ground. He must have been in a lot of pain to have had such an outburst. "Um, okay," she responded. She moved next to him and sat against the tree. "Here, lay down," she said, patting the ground next to her. The boy glared down at her before taking a seat next to her. (Y/N) rolled her eyes. " Lay down ," she gently repeated. She motioned for him to lay his head in her lap. He did so stiffly, clearly uncomfortable once he was in position. (Y/N) placed her hands on his head and realized that he had slightly raised bumps around his head. This must be what was causing him pain. She laid her hands on his head and began to softly rub. She heard him take a quick breathe. "My mother always rubs my head when it hurts," she began. "Maybe it'll help your head, too." She felt him give a slight nod. "What's your name, anyway?" "Maul," he answered. "Yours?" "(Y/N)." He grunted in acknowledgement. She kept rubbing his head, making sure not to put too much pressure on the bumps. Maul had closed his eyes, reveling in the feeling of her touching his head; the pain had subsided considerably, and he could finally relax. (Y/N) kept massaging his head, even when her hands were beginning to grow sore and she could hear Maul's soft snores. This was the beginning of their friendship. Every few years, Maul would visit Takodana solely to see (Y/N). The visits would be brief, most not lasting more than half a day, but in that time (Y/N) would take Maul into the forest and she would rub his head, each time having to take special care to avoid his sharp horns. He had grown to be twice the size of any man she knew, and ten times as fierce, yet he would always lay his head in her lap and be at peace. She was sixteen when she had last seen him, missing him dearly, but knowing deep down that she would most likely never see him again. -------------- At twenty years old, (Y/N) had turned down a few marriage proposals from some of the local men. She preferred wandering the forest paths, even making a career of sorts out of it. When she was not giving tours of Takodana, (Y/N) would gather plants to make medicines for the villages. She hoped to become an official healer one day, but for now she was self-taught. It was late in the afternoon, and she was busy gathering herbs that would help ease the menstrual cramps of the village women. She hummed softly to herself but stopped when she heard a twig snap. She spun around to look behind her to try and find the source of the noise but found none. Cautiously, she began to pick the herbs again, this time keeping silent and looking around her. She could not shake the feeling that she was being watched; she felt like she was not alone. Pocketing the herbs in her hands, she began to slowly walk back towards her home. Another twig snapped, and she quickened her pace. She definitely heard something behind her, and it was gaining speed. She would have to lose them. (Y/N) took off sprinting through the trees, veering off the paths. She jumped over roots, ducked under branches, made sharp turns, all in the hope that she could lose whoever was chasing her. The only noise in the forest was her heavy breathing; only she could hear the thunderous beating of her heart. The thing that was after her was getting closer, she swore she could feel its breath on her neck. She had a feeling it was toying with her, and she did not have any chance of getting away. (Y/N) jumped over a tree root and onto a pile of leaves, but the leaves were covering mud, and she promptly slipped sideways as she fell onto her left hip. She whimpered in pain and fear, knowing she had lost. She was caught. Looking behind her, (Y/N) could see a dark figure slowly pushing aside tree branches, making its way towards her. She was frozen in fear, slightly hoping that if she didn't move maybe it wouldn't notice her. As it approached, she could make out that the thing was a person of some sort, covered in a black cloak. By the way it walked, she quickly assumed it was a man. The stranger continued to stalk towards her as she laid on the ground, eyes wide and trembling. The man stepped over the branch and stopped right in front of her, looking down. His face was still hidden by his cowl, even as he began to crouch down in front of her. When he was finally eye level with her, (Y/N) finally saw his yellow eyes. She bit her lip as he pushed back his cowl, revealing his horned head and tattooed face, looking at her with a slight smile. He reached out and brushed her face softly with his fingertips, exhaling a sigh of relief when she did not shy away. "Maul," (Y/N) managed to choke out. "(Y/N)," he breathed, his fingers trailing down her neck and resting on her collarbone. "Are you hurt?" His voice was so deep now. "No," she answered, finding herself leaning into his touch. "Are you frightened?" he asked, noticing that she was staring at him. "No," she repeated. "Not anymore." He gave her a small smile. "Why did you chase me?" "You ran," he simply stated, gazing at your throat. "I followed." (Y/N) hummed in response. She looked up at him, wondering what he wanted after being four years away. "And why are you here?" she whispered. Maul stopped touching her and snapped his eyes to meet hers, his smile gone and jaw clenching. His hand went to hold the back of her neck as his face moved closer to hers, holding her in place. "To finally make you mine," he growled. Notes: Maybe a part two?? Chapter 4 : Is Everything Alright? (Ben Solo) Summary: Hot dad Ben Solo, my, my..... You were sitting in the living room of your apartment on your laptop when you heard something bang against the wall, bringing your full attention to your front door. You then heard giggles and another thud before slowly getting up to peer through the door's peephole. A dark haired man was bending down to pick up a box in front of the apartment across from yours as two small blurs rushed by, his head snapping in their direction. You cracked the door open slightly to look out. "Kyle! Reina! You need to stay with daddy!" he shouted, and you could hear his voice laced with frustration. Opening the door all the way, you stepped fully out into the hallway. "Is everything alright out here?" you asked, your voice going slightly higher than normal. The man, still crouched over the box, looked up at you. His hair was dark and grown out, disheveled no doubt from all the lifting, his full lips slightly open so he could pant. His deep brown eyes flickered over you before he straightened up to his full height. Oh, lordy, he's so tall... Your eyes widened as your head now tilted at a forty-five degree angle. Whoa. Running his hand through his hair, he answered, "Yeah... sorry if I- we disturbed you- KYLE! REINA!" He started to take off down the hall. You looked towards where he was heading as two dark haired toddlers began to push on the door that led to the stairwell. He quickly scooped them up and started back towards you, and you could hear him softly scolding them. "Because you could get hurt, that's why, those stairs are too big for either of you. Daddy doesn't want to see either of you get hurt, so you need to stay close to me." The little girl on his right side was pouting, tears running down her cheeks. The little boy's face was nuzzled into the man's neck, clearly not wanting to face being punished. He set them down when he was in front of your door and next to his box, crouching so he was eye level with them. "Daddy loves both of you," he said, kissing each one on the head before continuing, "but you need to be good, okay? Just for a little bit longer." He looked back up at you with an apologetic smile, beginning to stand once again. "I'm so sorry, I'm Ben and these are my twins, Kyle and Reina," he said stretching his hand out to shake yours. "(Y/N)," you responded, firmly taking his large hand, which engulfed yours. "I take it you're moving in?" you ask. "Yeah, right here, actually," Ben said, turning to point at the door behind him. "So we're your new neighbors." "Fantastic!" you said as you looked down at Kyle and Reina. Kyle was standing somewhat behind his sister when you squatted, holding up your hand. "My name is (Y/N), what's yours?" The little girl gave you a high-five before grinning brightly. "Reina!" she said. "Reina?" you repeated. "Such a pretty name! I think it means queen." Reina was all smiles for you. You turned to the little boy who was refusing to look at you. "And are you Kyle?" you asked. The boy nodded, still not looking at you. "Nice to meet you, Kyle. I'm (Y/N). You know, Kyle means strait, which is like a river." He only nodded again, but you weren't offended. He was being shy. You stood up to look at Ben. "You know, I could watch them for you while you move, if you want. I'll leave my door wide open, and we'll stay in the living area so you can see us. Would that be alright?" You've only babysat a few times, but you've managed. Ben was smiling for whatever reason, and he shook his head a bit as if he was refocusing. "Yeah, yeah that would be great, actually, if you wouldn't mind." "Not at all!" you grinned. "Would you like me to watch you?" you asked Kyle and Reina. Reina nodded her head frantically while rushing into your apartment, Kyle following behind her. You moved to open the door fully and made sure it would stay that way. "Just come on in whenever you're finished," you said to Ben. He nodded. "Thank you, so, so much. I really appreciate this." "No problem!" You smiled up at him before turning to go back into your apartment. ---------------------------- As Ben was moving boxes, he could hear his children laughing and talking animatedly with (Y/N). Even Kyle had warmed up to her, telling her all about the animals he saw at the zoo recently. (Y/N) would respond with questions, like, "Which one was your favorite?", "Was it scary?", "And where is that one from?", and "What kind of noises does it make?" He would glance over at them whenever he walked by. He saw how (Y/N) started to braid Kyle's long dark hair, letting Reina brush hers in all sorts of directions. He was mesmerized by you. He barely knew you, yet he trusted you with the loves of his life. You didn't ignore his kids and only speak to him the way the majority of the population did. You treated them like the tiny human beings they are. When he was finished putting the last box in his new apartment, he walked through your doorway to see you sitting on the ground with Kyle in your lap as Reina danced in front of you, your phone playing music. Ben gave a laugh, making all of them look up at him. "What're you guys doing?" he said, beginning to sit on the ground himself. Reina rushed towards him, throwing her arms around his neck. Kyle quickly left your lap to do the same. "Daddy! Daddy!" they both cried out. He wrapped his long arms around the both of them, squeezing them close. "You missed me that much, huh?" he asked. He looked at you to see you smiling. "Tell Miss (Y/N) thank you for watching you," he said, leaning back from the twins. They nodded their heads and went back to you, hugging you while telling you 'thank you'. "Oh, thank you , I had so much fun with you two!" you said as you got to your knees, giving them your biggest hug. "Can we see you tomorrow?" Kyle asked, leaning his head on your shoulder. "Oh, yeah, please ?" asked Reina. "Well, you have to ask your daddy first," you answered. They both turned to him, their dark eyes pleading. Ben chuckled and nodded his head. The twins both gasped and squealed in excitement. "It would have to be after I get out of work, though," you said, directing the statement towards Ben. "Maybe I could make us all dinner? If you'd like?" Ben felt his stomach flutter as you stared at him, waiting for his answer. He swallowed hard before answering. "That would be amazing, thank you," he finally said, rising from the floor. "What should I bring over?" "Just yourselves is fine," you answered. "I'll take care of the rest." As you smiled at him while kneeling on the ground, Ben felt a heat build within his stomach. He liked seeing you in this position, giving him all your attention. Uh oh, he thought, catching himself as he realized where his thoughts were leading. He felt a blush begin to creep up his neck, deciding then that this was his time to leave. He slouched in order to take the twins by their hands and began to lead them out the door. You had stood up to walk them to the doorway. "So I'll see you tomorrow night?" You asked, leaning against the frame. "Definitely," Ben responded, the twins both smiling and waving at you. You smiled back, watching them disappear into their apartment. Chapter 5 : Acts of Kindness Part II: Make You Mine (Darth Maul) Summary: Maul finally claims reader. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) "And why are you here?" she whispered. Maul stopped touching her and snapped his eyes to meet hers, his smile gone and jaw clenching. His hand went to hold the back of her neck as his face moved closer to hers, holding her in place. "To finally make you mine," he growled. (Y/N) stared up into his yellow eyes. She began to breath heavily, unable to speak. Maul continued to stare at her, patiently waiting for an answer. He had waited so long for this moment; he was going to make her his regardless of her answer, but he still desperately wanted her to say yes. It would better that way. She blinked a few times before she came back to reality, not believing what he had just told her. "What do you mean?" she finally asked, her brows drawn together in confusion. "I mean," Maul continued, "that you would only belong to me, just as I would only belong to you. No others." (Y/N) looked down in thought. "Like as husband and wife," she replied. Now it was Maul's turn to be confused. "Hus-band and... wi-ife?" he asked, exaggerating the annunciation of the words. "What is that?" (Y/N) sat up completely, kneeling on the ground as she raised herself to Maul's squatting position. "Like mates," she answered, gaining confidence at his confusion. Maul certainly knew that word. "Yes," he said quickly, "like mates. And hus-band and wi-ife." (Y/N) felt her stomach flutter in excitement, something that had yet to happen when she received other marriage proposals. "I-" she began. How could she say no? She realized she wanted Maul to be her husband, that it had always been him. But she had to say no, she wanted to do other things in her life than just be married. She looked into Maul's fire eyes, but he had already pulled away from her. "You do not want to be mated," he said for her. She looked down in shame. "You think I will prevent you from learning, from becoming a healer." "It has always been a dream of mine," she pleaded as she looked back at him. "I can't give that up now. I have so much to still do-" She was cut off when Maul held up a hand to stop her. "I will not take you away from here, if that is your wish," he said. "You can still become a healer. You will, however, be mine, and only mine, and in turn I will be yours, and only yours. You will still be my mate, but you do not have to come with me." "What will we do, then?" "I will visit when I can," he said. "Which will be more frequent than before, now that I have completed training. The visits will be longer as well. I only ask that when I visit, you give me your full attention, no distractions. You can continue your training to become a healer. Can you agree to these terms?" he asked, waiting your response. (Y/N) breathed in sharply, a wide smile on her face as she launched herself at him to wrap her arms around his neck. "Yes," she whispered, nuzzling her face into his neck as he brought his arms around her. "Yes, yes, yes." She unwrapped herself from him and leaned back to look him in the eyes. "When will the ceremony be?" "Ceremony?" he repeated. "For what?" "To make our union official," she answered. "Like a wedding." Maul looked even more confused than before. "But it is already done," he said. "We promised ourselves to each other." "Is that all?" she asked, surprised that it was such a quick affair and already done. Maul nodded. "All there is left to do is for me to take you to bed," he said, his voice a low rumble. He stood to his full height, extending his hand to her. "Come." She grabbed it as he hoisted her up, Maul throwing her over his shoulder in a display of power. She let out a yelp and clung to his robes as he carried her back to his ship. When Maul had placed (Y/N) back on her feet, she realized she was in a bedroom. The bed looked large, covered in many blankets but only a few pillows. Maul motioned for her to lay down on the bed as he did as well, and (Y/N) placed her head into the crook of his arm as he leaned on his side, looking down at her. "I've wanted you for a long time now," he admitted, his hand slipping under her tunic to caress her side. "And now I finally have you." Maul dreamed about having her underneath his hands, crying out his name in ecstasy. He made it his mission to make his dream come true. While in the past he had whores and concubines, he was only concerned in finding his pleasure, not bothering if the other achieved theirs. It had been purely physical and primal. He did not gain any emotional well-being from the coupling; that could only be done by being with (Y/N). For his emotional needs in the past, when he had felt lonely, he would make quick trips to Takodana to seek (Y/N)'s company. Her touch soothed him in a way that nothing else could, and his longing would be satiated for a time. However, four years away from (Y/N) due to training and missions had taken a toll on Maul, and he decided that if he were to continue down his path, he needed her by his side so things such as loneliness would not distract him. But he had to prepare. He had longed for years to touch and take her, but he knew he would have only been brutal. He did not know any different. She was pure in his eyes, and he did not want to ruin her. He wanted to treat her gently, make sure she was not afraid of him. So he did not stray from their usual activities, just letting her run her hands over his head, closing his eyes and trying not to shudder from the pleasure. He would return to the main ship later that day and grabbing any concubine so he could fuck her mercilessly in his chambers, letting out all his pent up sexual frustration at not being able to have (Y/N). But he could never take (Y/N) in such a manner; he had to learn how to be gentle for her. He commanded one of his human whores into his chambers, telling her to teach him how to pleasure a woman, but not before threatening to kill her if she mentioned any of this to anyone. She had agreed, unafraid of his threats. It did not take Maul long before he had her writhing and moaning on his bed, screaming his name. He was ready to show (Y/N) how much she meant to him. Maul dipped his head so he could press his lips to (Y/N)'s, her hands going to his shoulders. She kept her lips pressed tightly together, not knowing what to do. Maul broke the kiss, his hand going to her cheek as his thumb moved back and forth across the skin there. "Open you mouth," he commanded softly, and she complied. He returned to her lips, slipping his tongue out to meet hers, and she squeaked from the new sensation. She had never kissed anyone before and soon became overwhelmed. She broke the kiss, turning her head away and squeezing her eyes shut as she apologizing profusely. "I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I don't know-" She let out a sob, so embarrassed at her inexperience and her crying. Maul just looked at her and used his thumb to wipe away her tears. He did not look mad, but he still was not saying anything, which scared (Y/N). What if he didn't want me anymore? "I will always want you," he said, and (Y/N) gasped as she realized he read her thoughts. "I always have and always will." He sat up and pulled (Y/N) with him so that she was curled up in his lap, a hand pressed to his chest as he looked down at her. "You took care of me, now let me take care of you," he growled. She looked back up at him and saw no malice in his eyes, so she nodded. She wanted him. He bent down to press warm, chaste kisses upon her lips, and she eagerly reciprocated. He swiped his tongue along her lips to gain entrance into her mouth, but she kept them shut so he backed off, continuing to kiss her as he was. When he felt her clutch his robes tightly, he gently laid her back onto the mattress, moving his hands to her waist. Maul broke the kiss to look at her, his fingers playing with the hem of her tunic. "I want to take your clothes off. Is that alright?" he asked, his breathing becoming heavy in anticipation. (Y/N) nodded, watching as his fingers curled into the fabric and began to lift it up. She raised her arms so that it could be removed quickly. Her torso now bare, Maul went to remove the chest binding that kept her breasts supported while running and hiking. She felt the last piece of clothing leave her and watched as Maul took in her nakedness. He ran a hand over her hip, across her stomach, and placed his palm onto her left breast, squeezing lightly, groaning at how soft she was. (Y/N)'s breath hitched as a shot of pleasure went to her sex at his touch, and she moved her legs from underneath him to either side of his hips. Maul liked that very much. He leaned down to her right breast to take the nipple into his mouth, and she raised her hips into his own, liking the feeling of his tongue on her body very much. Maul growled low and deep, rutting his hard, clothed cocked into her still covered groin. He unlatched his mouth from her nipple and moved back up to kiss her, grabbing her hips and rubbing himself harder against her. She grabbed his shoulders tightly, meeting his thrusts with her own hips. It feels so good, (Y/N) thought, a pressure building up inside her, feeling like a wave getting progressively bigger with each thrust. Maul heard her thoughts, and quickly grabbed her chin so she was looking into his eyes as he continued to grind against her. "(Y/N)," he panted. "You're going to come for me, and I want you to let all those pretty noises come from your mouth, do you understand? I want to hear you come for me..." She nodded her head frantically, already on the precipice of an orgasm. "Good," he said as he began to press himself harder into her. His hand came up to pinch her nipple, and she began to moan and whimper. "Oh, Maker," she wailed, "oh-oh-OH-" Throwing her head back and arching her entire body up into Maul, (Y/N) began to cry out in complete bliss as her climax took over. Maul watched in awe as he witnessed the most beautiful thing he had ever seen, his (Y/N) coming for him. (Y/N) gave little pants and whimpers as her body shuddered and spasmed, and Maul slowed his movements as she came down. She clutched onto him tightly, breathing hard into his neck as he stroked her hair. "(Y/N)," he growled, moving lower on the bed until his face was even with her sex. (Y/N) did not seem to notice him until he pulled her pants down, and she was completely exposed to him. She felt him kiss her thighs as she propped herself up on her elbows to get a better look at him. "Spread your legs wide for me, (Y/N)," he said. She hesitated a moment, feeling shy at exposing herself so completely to him. "Please," he continued. "I don't want you to get hurt." She did not understand what he meant until he motioned to his horns. She swallowed nervously, nodding to say she understood. She let him spread her legs wide, leaving nothing hidden. "So beautiful," she heard Maul murmur to himself. "All mine..." He lightly placed a finger at her entrance, listening intently to her sighs and gasps. He twirled his finger around the very opening to gather her arousal on his finger before bringing it to touch the nub located above her slit. The simple touch had her jerking her hips towards him, a small cry leaving her lips. Maul had a large grin on his face as he continued. He made quick little circles around the bud, making sure his touch was feather light. (Y/N) thrusted her hips into his hand, trying to gain more pressure, but before that pressure could build up again, Maul was pulling back, looking up her body. She looked down to meet his gaze, brows furrowed in confusion as to why he stopped. He stood up and quickly disrobed, leaving only his pants on. She marveled at his body; he was the most beautiful man she had ever seen. He was so large, with black tattoo designs swirling over ever edge of muscle, his body flexing and unflexing as he moved back towards her groin. He looked predatory, but instead of being afraid, (Y/N) was enthralled. She wanted him, badly. When he was back in his original position between her legs, he looked up at her. "I'm going to taste you now," he said and waited again for her response, but all (Y/N) could do was nod enthusiastically. He spread her lower lips with his thumbs, and she gasped when she felt his tongue on her cunt. Her elbows giving out as she collapsed back onto the bed, and while she had thought his clothed rutting was amazing, this was unbelievable . Maul swirled his tongue around her bud swiftly, focusing on the little bundle of nerves. She cried out loudly when she felt a finger enter her, the sensation completely new. She had never even placed her fingers there, only on her bud at night, but never lower. It felt wonderful in conjunction with his tongue. That pleasurable pressure returned to her cunt, her whimpers becoming louder as she wriggled on the bed. Maul gripped both sides of her hips to try to keep her in place, but soon enough she was thrashing in euphoria as she came a second time. He tried to keep up a fast pace throughout her orgasm and only stopped when she whined in pain from being sensitive. He crawled back up her body, placing his hands onto the mattress on either side of her, caging her with his own body as he loomed over her. "Oh, Maul," she sighed, reaching out to try to bring him closer to her for a kiss. He chuckled at her neediness but obliged. After a few kisses, she pulled away, licking her lips. "Is- is that what I taste like?" she asked, scrunching her face up. Maul laughed loudly, deep and low in his chest as he smiled at her. "Yes," he said. "It's delicious, isn't it?" "No, not really, no," (Y/N) replied. "Well, I like it," Maul said, leaning on his left elbow as he looked down at her. "I would feast upon you all night, if you'd let me," he admitted, lust taking over his features. (Y/N) hummed contentedly in response. "Perhaps another night," she whispered, giving him a peck on the lips. Maul groaned in agreement and leaned down to kiss her again. She brought her hands to his face to press him closer to her, and she shyly gave his bottom lip a quick lick. He pulled away from her abruptly, his eyes clouded with lust. She bit her lip, wondering if she had done it wrong. She decided no, she had not, when Maul crashed his mouth into hers as he licked and bit her lips, (Y/N) desperately trying to keep up with him. She could feel his hard cock thrust up into her cunt, his pants still covering him. Deciding she needed air, she broke away from him, but his mouth instead traveled down to her jaw and neck. "Please," he begged, "please let me have you- oh, Maker, I need you, (Y/N), I've needed you for so long..." "Yes, Maul," she whined, panting heavily. He moaned at her agreement, and he hurriedly ridding himself of his pants as he began to line himself up with her sex. He had one hand on his cock to guide himself and one hand near her hair as his elbow supported his body weight. He looked straight into her eyes as he began to press himself into her. (Y/N) inhaled deeply through her mouth as she felt the head of his cock push past her entrance, hands pressed up against his chest. Maul was shaking as he continued to push himself inside of her, never breaking eye contact. She was so warm and wet, she squeezed him so perfectly... He was having a difficult time not thrusting himself harshly into her. He felt and saw her tense up, so with the hand by her hair he stroked it gently, whispering how good she was doing. "You're doing so well," he told her, "taking me like this... May I go deeper?" (Y/N) nodded, swallowing hard. It hurt somewhat, but she felt pressure more than anything. It was such a strange sensation, being stretched. Strange, but welcomed. Maul slowly pushed deeper until he was fully buried in her, sitting still so that she could adjust to him being completely inside her. He kissed her face as his hand cupped her cheek, trying to show her just how much she means to him. "Are you alright?" he asked her. "Yes," she breathed. "It's odd but- good. Really good." Her voice was so low that Maul almost missed what she said. He nodded and slowly dragged his length out of her and once again slowly entered her. He heard her hum, and Maul has now understood her hums to mean she is content. He began to speed up his pace but not by much, just increasing it bit by bit whenever he would complete a thrust. He slowed his pace when she winced in pain, but soon found a good and steady rhythm that she could handle. Maker, she looked so beautiful underneath him, her breasts swaying as he rutted against her, the little noises that left her lips complementing his groans and grunts. The way she held his body so close to hers... It did not take long for Maul feel his climax coming on. "(Y/N)," he growled, "I'm going to come." "Okay," she whispered, bringing his face down to hers so she could kiss him. She kissed him firmly yet moved gently, pouring her affections for him into the kiss. He broke away to growl her name as he came, pumping his seed into her, his hips snapping into hers as he finished. His body jerked and spasmed, grunting as he felt himself coming down from his climax. His body collapsed onto hers, and while he was heavy, she could still breath and support him. She listened to him breathing loudly, murmuring her name over and over as he held her close. She wiggled a bit under him so that she his head was on her chest. She brought her hands to his head and began rubbing, careful to avoid his sharp horns. (Y/N) swore she heard her husband purr, and she smiled to herself. Notes: So this is my first time publishing smut. I highly doubt canon Maul would ever be romantic or fluffy in any way, shape, or form, but I can dream, and this is how I would imagine it if he were. I hope the second part lived up to expectations and you all enjoyed it!! Chapter 6 : Promising (Armitage Hux) Summary: Reader is engaged to Hux. Waiting in the middle of your now shared room, you wondered if you made the right decision. Albeit, it was too late to change anything, but you still wondered. Your new husband, known to others as General Armitage Hux, seemed so... cold. He has yet to say a kind word to you, let alone even smile at you. You clutch the cotton robe around you tighter as you try to prevent yourself from shaking with nerves. You remember your first day on Starkiller Base, two days after your betrothal to the General. Everything was so fast paced and loud; you watched, intimidated, as Hux had barked out orders and glared at everyone around him. He had not introduced you to anyone, so you attempted to introduce yourself to some officers. They had all bowed their heads and averted their eyes, scurrying away from you before you uttered a word. This is not promising, you had thought as you walked around the base behind your fiance. Back in the present, you sat on the silk covered bed awaiting for your husband to enter the room. You hoped he would be kind to you. --------- Hux could not believe he had just married you. He cannot remember a time when he was ever happier, not even when he was promoted to General. He had admired you for years now, infatuated with you since laying eyes on you in person. You were so kind, smart, and all those other adjectives that made you perfect. You were a diplomat's daughter on Arkanis, and he had known of you for quite some time. It was at a gala that he fell in love with you. Your smile was the most beautiful thing he had ever witnessed, and he could have sworn his heart had stopped when you had glanced at him. Never has another person held so much power over him, and Hux did not know what to do with himself. When he heard that you were eligible to marry, he jumped at the chance, contacting your father right away. A meeting was quickly arranged, and as Hux sat there listing off all of his qualifications and reasons why he is the best candidate to marry you, your father remained unconvinced. “But why do you want to marry my daughter, General?” your father asked. “I did not ask why you should marry her.” Your father glared at Hux, annoyed that this was just another man trying to prove himself. Hux swallowed hard. If he was to marry you, he would have to drop the facade of authority he has worked so hard to build up... but you were worth it. “I want to marry your daughter,” Hux began nervously, “because I want to spend the rest of my life ensuring that she is happy. I want to give her the galaxy, sir. She deserves that and more. I want to wake up to her smile everyday. I...” He trailed off, lost in thoughts of you. His eyes fell to the floor as he finished. “She makes me happy and I barely know her. I want to make her just as happy, too.” Your father smiled and agreed to marry you off to the General. Hux had a hard time containing himself around you. He wanted to shower you with affection, pull you into the nearest room and hold you as he kissed your face until you pushed him off. But he could not do that, so he reverted to his usual authoritative self. He was afraid to look at you for fear of you catching him staring and thinking him creepy. He was afraid of speaking to you for fear of stuttering and looking like a fool. He was afraid of touching you for fear of hurting you. And so he continued his duties with you trailing behind him, keeping his distance. It killed him to see you so stoic, but he could not let his guard down. --------- You turned your head towards the door as it opened, revealing General Hux. He no longer wore the wedding suit, instead donning a black shirt and black leisure pants. He stood in the door frame, staring at you. You turned away shyly. You did not look back up even as you heard his footsteps approach the bed. It was not until he stood directly in front of you that you turned and looked up. He loomed over you. “Hi,” you whispered, afraid your voice would crack if it was any higher. “Hello,” he answered, his expression softening. You watched as he knelt down in front of you, your heart beating rapidly. You were taken aback by the striking blue of his eyes when he was eye level with you. The both of you were quiet, gazing at each other. You flinched when his hand grazed your jaw, and he immediately retracted his hand. “I'm not going to hurt you,” he assured you. “I could never hurt you.” You looked into his eyes for the coldness you were used to, but you could only find warmth. And was that admiration? You figured you should say something back to him. He was, after all, your husband. “I know,” you said shakily. You offered him a small smile. “My father told me that you promised to protect me.” “I did,” he agreed, and you let his hand touch your jaw this time. “You are so beautiful...” He seemed to have been talking to himself so you did not interrupt. “May I kiss you?” This was directed at you. You nodded, parting your lips slightly. Both of his hands went up to cradle your face, his lips slowly approaching yours. When you finally felt his lips on yours, you inhaled sharply, your hands flying to the front of his shirt and clutching the material tight. His mouth was pressed lightly to yours, and his lips felt so, so soft. He moved away to look at you again. You glanced at his mouth; you wanted to kiss him again. You leaned in and pecked his lips, humming in contentment. Hux pulled you closer to him, setting you on his lap as he pulled you to the floor. When you both broke away for air, he nuzzled the hair the back of your neck. You could feel him smiling against you, his hands caressing your back. This is much more promising, you thought as you cuddled closer to him. Chapter 7 : Grateful (Armitage Hux) You landed on the bed, completely and utterly exhausted. Your three year old twin daughters, Amelia and Rose, were finally asleep in the room next yours while your newborn son, Ben, slept in the bassinet next to your bed. You loved your children more than anything in the galaxy, but they sure were tiring. Your red-headed daughters kept getting into things, disturbing their baby brother by trying to help mommy, and your son is just a few weeks old, so of course he just cries. But that's just how toddlers and babies act. You heard the front door to your quarters click softly shut, meaning that your husband was home. Quickly yet quietly you rose from the bed, not wanting to disturb Ben, and exited your room. You walked out into the common room to see your husband rubbing his eyes while sitting on the couch. "Armitage," you whispered softly, offering him a tired yet genuine smile. He looked up at you and smiled as well, beckoning you to sit with him. When you were close enough to him, he yanked you down to sit on his lap sideways, your arms encircling his neck as you bent down to peck his lips. "(Y/N)," he said, arms surrounding you and holding you tightly to him. "How are the girls?" "They were fine, missed Daddy, though," you answered. "And Ben? He didn't cry too much today, did he?" You shook your head. "Good, good," he said, sounding tired. "I missed them while I was at work, I had been hoping to see them before they went to bed." Hux adored his children; he was in awe of them. He could not believe he helped to create something so perfect with a woman he loved. His family was his light when he was at his darkest. "I'm sorry," you soothed. "We can all get up early tomorrow, before you go to work, and I'll make breakfast, if you'd like." Hux nodded, telling you he would love that. You both sat on the couch for a while longer in silence, your hand traveling from his hair to his chest. Hux leaned into you to place small, light kisses along your neck and collarbone, your sleeping gown falling past your shoulder. You hummed in contentment, closing your eyes. You and Hux had not had sex since your before your Ben had been born. The doctor did not recommend sex for six weeks after the birth, and you and Hux had agreed to wait. Besides, you were still sore and there was no free time. Still... you both wanted each other desperately. Hux shifted, lifting you up and placing you on the couch while he stood up. "Where are you going?" you asked, disappointed. "Just right here," he said, positioning himself on the floor, kneeling between your legs. You pulled your gown past your thighs to cover as much of yourself as possible. Hux gave you a confused look. "What are you doing?" he asked. "Um..." you began. "I-I'm not sure." Hux smirked, amused, and pulled the hem of your gown up, but you stopped him, yanking it back down and pulling back so you could close your legs as well. Now Hux wasn't so amused. "(Y/N)," he said sternly. "What are you doing?" You gave a long sigh before answering. "I don't want you to see me. I'm covered in stretch marks, my stomach is still so gross, and I'm just such a mess... down there," you finished. You swallowed hard before looking at Hux. "I don't want you to see me like this and decide you don't want me." He looked up at you with such a sad expression before reaching up to cradle your face in his hands. He looked straight into your eyes, and you thought for a moment he was tearing up. "Darling, why would you ever think that?" he asked gently. You shrugged. "I just do. I mean, my body will never be what it used to be." "(Y/N), you are more beautiful now than you have ever been." Now it was your turn to be confused. "How?" Hux chuckled, his fingers grazing your jaw while his other hand splayed across your thigh. "You are a mother," he began. "The stretch marks on your body, they're there because you were carrying and creating a life; your body was adjusting. Your stomach," he moved his hand under your dress to caress your belly, "is so soft, so beautiful, carried my children..." He trailed off, lifting your dress over your head and dropping it to the floor. Your hands went to cover yourself, but Hux stopped you. He moved your hand to his groin while he whispered into your ear, "Stars, (Y/N), do you feel how hard you make me? Maker, you are so much more beautiful now that you've carried my daughters and son, your body transforming to provide them with life... I could never stop desiring you, the mother of my children, the woman I love. Please, let me show you how grateful I am." His words made your heart speed, your body quiver. You watched as he moved down to remove your panties, exposing your sex to him as he spread your legs. You heard him shudder once he saw you, bringing his lips to your sex. "Thank you," he whispered, kissing your lower lips as he would your mouth. His tongue trailed up your slit and to your clitoris, causing you to mewl his name. He gently caressed your cunt with his tongue, taking special care to not cause the area anymore distress. He continued to speak through his ministrations. "Thank you for giving me my daughters and son..." He kissed your clitoris. "I am so honored to be a father..." Hux continued to nibble and suck on the bud, making your writhe on the couch and tighten your thighs around his head. "Armitage," you whimpered, trying to be quiet. Hux swiped his tongue a few more times over the bundle of nerves and held your hips tightly as you convulsed from your climax. Your breathing was rapid and loud as you tried to silence yourself, grinding your sex against your husband's face. He kept swirling his tongue over you as you progressed through your orgasm and continued to do so even as you began to relax. You panted as Hux continued to kiss your vulva, running your fingers through his hair. He kept lapping at you, cleaning you of your arousal, soothing the soreness you felt. He gave your sex a final kiss before standing and picking you up to carry you to their bedroom. He laid you gently on the bed, undressing before joining you. You were both naked, pressed tightly up against one another, murmuring sweet words to each other and offering gentle touches before drifting off to sleep. You knew you would have to wake up to get dressed before the children woke up and saw, but for right now you were more than happy to be nude and surrounded by the man who made you feel loved and beautiful. Chapter 8 : Nightly Talks (Armitage Hux) Hux sat at his desk, elbows on the top with his hands buried in his hair. You sat across from him in a spare chair, your legs crossed, slouched down in the chair. It was the end of another work day, yet here you two were, again, in the office past hours. You were his assistant, a lieutenant who fought tooth and nail to make everything smooth for her boss. You were fiercely loyal to Hux, having a great amount of respect for the man. Over the past few years, you had grown to know Hux more than anyone else ever had. You became his confidante of sorts, having conversations about life outside of the First Order after hours. You knew about his relationship with his father, you knew how he felt about both Kylo Ren and Supreme Leader Snoke, you even knew when he was casually seeing someone (you were in charge of keeping his affairs under wraps). You learned so much about the General, and he learned about you as well. But tonight's conversation was not about anything nearly as serious, and sometimes these were the talks you enjoyed most. "I'm so tired," he mumbled, his forehead almost touching the desk. You shifted in your seat to lean your head on your hand, looking at him from an angle. "You're always tired, sir," you pointed out. "Why should tonight be any different?" You let out a yawn, not bothering to cover your mouth. You knew the General wouldn't mind. "Sometimes I hope to feel something other than exhausted and miserable at the end of day," he commented. He then raised his head to look up at you, his blue eyes meeting your (e/c) ones. "What is it they say? 'Madness is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results?'" You let out a noise that resembled a chuckle. "Yeah, something like that," you respond. "Why? Are you suggesting you're mad, sir? Should we have a vote of no confidence?" Hux narrowed his eyes at you while trying to suppress a grin as you laughed at your own joke. "Oh, General, you know that I will always stick by you. That is, until you fire me." "I would do no such thing." "You tell me I'm awful at my job, all the time." "I don't mean it. You're wonderful at what you do." "Thanks." Your eyes wander to a spot on the wall, your mind zoning out. Stars, you were tired. All you wanted to do was go to bed and sleep for a few days. You usually thought about asking Hux for a few days off, but then you remembered how he would be taking no such time off and decided against it. Why should you rest and relax while he slaved away for the First Order? You never thought it fair so you never brought it up. "Have you ever watched pod racing?" you asked. "Come again?" He scrunched his eyebrows up in confusion. "Pod racing, you know," you continued as you waved your hands about, "the sport where there are pilots who fly these whirring contraptions, and they just go around and around in circles? Pod racing?" "You are terrible at describing things." "You know! The sport, it's super old, and I don't think many planets have them anymore..." Hux had a smirk on his face while shaking his head. "I honestly have no idea what you are talking about." "Never mind, then," you laugh. "I didn't know General Hux was so uppity that he couldn't be bothered with knowledge of such peasant's entertainment." You have a large grin on your face as you tease your superior, a smile breaking out on his face as well. "Well, it is a well kept secret, my 'uppity-ness'," he chuckled. "Surely no one besides you knows." "Oh, not at all, sir," you assure him sarcastically. You stop laughing in order to let out another yawn, this time covering your mouth. Hux frowned at you. "You should go to bed, Lieutenant," he suggested. "I should..." You nod sleepily, pushing yourself up and off the chair before standing straight and staring at the General. "Dismissed, Lieutenant," he commanded. "Oh, General," you began, "I was dismissed hours ago. I was here of my own volition." You winked at him before saluting, nonetheless. He watched you smile softly one last time at him and walk out of his office, the door closing slowly behind you. Hux let out a low, long sigh as he tried to calm the butterflies in his stomach. He did not want you to leave. He never felt more human than when he was with you. He wanted to be able to bring you back to his quarters, to keep talking about nothing, anything. He wanted to sit on his couch with you, your feet propped up on his lap as he lightly massaged the sole of your foot. Hux knew your feet hurt at the end of the day; he didn't miss the way you shifted most of your weight onto the toes of your feet whenever you walked out of his office to go back to your rooms. He would be more than happy to carry you back to your bed. He wanted to treat you like his Empress. It went beyond just wanting to talk and be in your company, though; Hux wanted to be able to tuck himself in beside you every night and wake up to you every morning. He wanted to whisper sweet things into your ear all the time, telling you how smart and beautiful you are. Hux would have dreams about making love to you; those were the nights that he slept best. He would stroke himself in the shower to thoughts of you moaning and writhing underneath him, panting his name into his ear as you clutched onto him. Most of all, though, he wanted to be the one to make you smile, to make you as happy as you made him. But you would never know how truly happy you already made him. Sighing again, General Hux rose from his chair and turned off his desk lamp before turning towards the door to leave, taking comfort in knowing he would get to see you tomorrow. Chapter 9 : Acts of Kindess: Part III (Darth Maul) Notes: I just want to thank you all for the lovely comments, you are much appreciated :) (Y/N) woke up to Maul running his fingers through her hair gently. She found her husband lying on his side looming over her as she laid on her back. His hand did not stop moving even as her eyes fully opened to look at him. “Good evening,” he greeted softly. “Hi,” she whispered, her voice still thick with sleep. “How long have you been awake?” “A few minutes,” he answered. “You look so beautiful, (Y/N).” She gave him a shy smile as her (E/C) eyes looked away from his yellow ones. “I don't remember falling asleep,” she admitted as she rubbed her eyes. “I didn't realize I was so tired.” “Then I must have really worn you out with our activities ,” Maul chuckled. “You did indeed, my husband.” Maul felt himself swell with pride when she called him that and moved her closer so that her body was flush with his. ----------------------- Maul ordered a droid to bring into the room a large tub filled with hot water so that he and his wife could bathe together. (Y/N) clutched the silk robe around herself as she watched the water steaming. Maul came up behind her to press a kiss to her temple, his hands resting on her hips. “Come join me,” he insisted as he began to pull the silk from her hands, sliding the robe from her shoulders so that it dropped to the floor. Although Maul had seen her completely bare before, (Y/N) was not quite used to being naked in front of him. That was something that would take a bit of time. Maul stepped around her and entered the bath, settling himself at one end. He looked up at (Y/N) and offered her a hand so that she could steady herself as she joined him. The water was quite hot but began to soothe the aches in her body immediately. She pressed her back into Maul's chest, squirming a bit to get comfortable. He grasped her arms gently, rubbing small circles on her bicep with his thumb. “How do you feel?” he asked her after a few moments. “Fine,” she replied as she reclined further into the tub. “Just a bit sore, I guess.” Maul hummed in acknowledgment, still tracing his fingers across his skin. He looked at the bruises on her neck which were of his doing. He felt pride once again that she was finally his, but he also did not like seeing marks on her, fearing that she might be in pain. He brought his hand up to her neck. “Does this hurt?” he asked, his lips near her ear. She shook her head. Maul growled low in his chest, and (Y/N) could feel the vibrations against her back. She enjoyed the feel of his hands gliding across her body, moving progressively lower and lower. His right hand laid on her stomach just beneath the surface of the water, his fingers splaying out. (Y/N) turned her head slightly to see that he was lost in thought, staring blankly at his hand. “What are you thinking about?” she asked quietly, pulling Maul from his thoughts. He looked into her eyes with furrowed brows. She waited for his answer. “Children,” he finally answered. He did not elaborate any further. “Do you want them?” (Y/N) asked. She was not quite ready to have children yet, but she had imagined that she would like to have one in the future. Maul sat there quietly. “I would rather not talk about it,” he said, and (Y/N) knew that that conversation was over. Maul noticed the disappointment in her eyes. He did want children with (Y/N); he wanted to watch her belly grow large and round as she carried his children, wanted to hold something that both she and he created. He wanted children but did not know if he would be able to raise them. He did not have a happy childhood and could not imagine being able to provide one for his own children. Besides, any child that he sired would be in constant danger. What if his child was taken away from (Y/N) the way Darth Sidious had taken him away from his mother? It was too painful to think about so Maul decided not to. Maybe one day he would explain his thoughts to (Y/N), but for right now he did not want to worry her. Maul kissed (Y/N)'s cheek tenderly, his lips lingering. (Y/N) closed her eyes at the sensation, savoring the moment as she forgot about her previous disappointment. She felt his hands travel to her thighs, and she felt her heartbeat quicken. She let her legs fall open slightly, and Maul let his hands wander to the insides of her thighs. “Is this okay?” he asked, not wanting to overwhelm her. He felt her nod and heard her hum. Letting out a growl, he moved one arm across her waist, pressing her further into him as his other hand lightly cupped her sex. She let out a small gasp as he lightly rubbed her with his palm. “Tell me if it hurts,” he commanded. He continued to rock his hand into her and slipped a finger past her entrance. (Y/N)'s hips jolted away from his hand. “That hurts a little bit,” she whispered. “I'm still sore.” Maul nodded and kissed her hair, his hand returning to her mound. He was painfully hard but did his best to ignore it; this was still about her. Maul was not very good at expressing his emotions through words, but being powerful in the dark side meant that he could certainly express his emotions through actions. He wanted to make her feel good over and over again, to show her how much he loves her because he doubts he will ever be able demonstrate that to her with words. (Y/N) whimpered as she felt his finger rub circles directly onto the nub above her entrance, her head dropping back onto his shoulder as she began to pant. Maul continued to rub her little pearl, putting different levels of pressure onto the area and watching her reactions. He licked his lips as listened to her gasps and moans, reveling in the way she mewled his name. "Maul," she managed to breathe out as she turned her head to face him. He looked at her hungrily, the expression on her face was full of lust and desperate. "Maul, kiss me, please," she begged, her voice breaking on the last word. Maul readily obliged, his lips colliding with hers. Her mouth was only opened slightly; she was still tentative about kissing, but to Maul it was sweet and soft and everything he could have ever asked for. His fingers sped up on her nub as he kissed her, her moans muffled against his mouth. (Y/N) came in his arms shaking, her lips never leaving his during her orgasm. Maul had held onto her tight throughout her climax, crushing her against his chest. She breathed heavily against his lips, twisting her body from his grip so that she could straddle him. (Y/N) brought her arms around his neck and began to pepper his face with kisses. "You are so good to me," she told him, kissing him in between words. "You take such good care of me, Maul." Maul brought his arms around her waist, securing her to him once again. There was no way he could ever let her go. Chapter 10 : Monster with His Face (Kylo Ren) You hated Kylo Ren. Hated him for everything he took away from you, leaving you behind to deal with the aftermath of his destruction. And yet here you were, huddled in a cell with Resistance members as you continued to stare at Ren's mask, the eye slits pointed right back at you. You held your clenched fists to your side. You could not let him feel your anger, he thrives off of extreme emotion. You could not give in to him, you refused to. As you stared at the Commander, a stormtrooper approached him to say a few words. Kylo Ren slowly turned his head towards his subordinate, and you could hear his monotone voice echo off of the walls. "The girl," he said. "Bring her to me." You looked around you quickly, just now noticing you were the only girl in the cell. You curled in on yourself, preparing for the worst. You watched Kylo Ren walk out of the small prison, flinching when you suddenly felt a hand on your arm. A stormtrooper had already opened the cell door to handcuff your hands behind your back. The soldier grabbed your bicep harshly, tugging you away from the others. The soldier led you away from the prison room and began walking you through all sorts of doors and down hallways. "Where are you taking me?" you asked as you tried to keep the fear from your voice. Not knowing was what made you most afraid. "Be quiet," the stormtrooper responded. You obliged as you both entered an elevator. You did not even know where you were, if you were on another planet or ship. You had not been paying attention to your surroundings, instead trying to blend in with the Resistance members. You were stopped in front of yet another door, yet this one opened without the stormtrooper entering any code. You were shoved unceremoniously inside of the chambers, the door slamming shut behind you. You took a moment to look around you. It looked like someone lived here, like you were standing in their living area. It was very clean and very plain, most of the furniture and fixtures being black. You heard footsteps and saw Kylo Ren enter the room. This must be where he stayed. "Take a seat," he told you, moving towards a chair himself. You remained where you were standing. With a wave of his hand, you felt yourself hauled across the room and thrown onto the couch, wiggling to try to sit back upright. Here you were, with Kylo Ren, alone. He rested his elbows on his knees as he leaned forward in his chair, getting a better look at you. "Why are you here?" he asked, his robotic voice impossibly deep. You glared at him, confused. "I don't understand." "Do not lie to me," he commanded, his synthetic voice threatening. "I'm not. There is no need for me to lie," you answered, your tone flat. Hopefully he would not be able to tell you were being dishonest. Kyo Ren rose from his seat, walking towards you. You tilted your head up to be able to see him as he moved closer to you, stopping a foot away from where you were seated. "Why were you brought in with Resistance members?" He looked down at you, hands clasped behind his back. He loomed over you, his presence threatening. You slightly hoped that he would kill you quickly once this was over. "I was paying the captain for transport. Figured I'd find someplace warm and relax, that is until the idiot got us captured." You gasped as Kylo Ren swooped down to grab your shoulders, his visor level with your face, your breath slightly fogging up the chrome detailing. "My patience has already been tested enough, I warn you, do not lie to me!" he roared, shaking you. "Tell me!" "I'm not ," you mumbled as you clenched your jaw. You were reaching your limit. "Why won't you just kill me already?" you muttered. You weren't playing any games, you just wanted to get away from this beast of a man. You felt his grip tighten on your arms, the pain causing you to let out a small whimper. You had no idea what was going on, why he had such an interest in you. " Tell me! " When you did not answer him, you felt a slight pain in your temples. You squeezed your eyes shut against the pain, knowing that Kylo Ren was infiltrating your brain. It was a losing battle, and you knew he saw everything he needed to once the pain subsided. Tears slipped from your eyes; you were utterly defeated. "You still dream about him," he said quietly. "You try to but cannot forget him." You let out a sob. " T hat boy ..." Your head snapped up, your jaw clenched and your vision blurring from rage. "Don't you DARE speak of him!" you screamed. "You took EVERYTHING from me, you monster! Why?! Why did you have to take everything?!" You let the tears flow freely down your face as you shouted at his expressionless mask. "Why couldn't you have left him alone? Why did you kill him and not me?!"Kylo Ren stood up once again in front of you, anger flowing off of him in waves. You heard glass shattering in the distance. "I wasn't there for him, he died in pain and alone-" "Why do you care so much about that boy?!" he boomed. "Why can't you just let him go?!" "Because I loved Ben!" you howled. Kylo Ren froze. Loved? You had loved him? "I still love him, and I will never stop. Not even after you kill me." You gazed up at him defiantly. You had expected him to at least hit you, but instead he was just standing there. He wasn't even looking at you, just staring at the wall. The sound of your heavy breathing was the only sound in the room until he spoke. "You... love me?" His mechanized voice sounded like it was in disbelief. " What? " you said, horrified. What was he talking about? You heard a click and air decompress. Kylo Ren lifted his hands to his helmet, disengaging it from his head. You saw a mass of black waves tumble from the apparatus, dark eyes looking at the floor as he dropped his helmet carelessly. He slowly looked up so that he was making eye contact with you, his pink lips slightly parted in shock. You felt nauseous. The face staring back at you was older than you remembered, but you recognized Ben immediately. Except that this wasn't Ben, only a monster wearing Ben's face. No. "(Y/N)," he whispered, reaching out to touch you. You squirmed away from him, impeded by your restraints. "Don't touch me," you breathed. Your head was spinning, your vision blurring while you tried to figure this all out. Ben was dead... Kylo Ren killed him... That's what Master Luke had told you. But... you hated Kylo Ren, he killed the only man you will ever love. But if he's actually Ben... Kylo Ren had kneeled in front of you, tears gathering in his eyes. "(Y/N), please look at me." His voice sounded so far away. His real voice. You couldn't bring yourself to look at him. "I hate you," you growled out, your head hanging low. This wasn't Ben. Ben would never restrain or hurt you or leave you alone to wander the galaxy. Kylo Ren had indeed killed Ben. Your feelings would not change. Before you could think anything else, you felt a hand at the back of your neck as your vision went black. Kylo Ren picked up your unconscious body, bringing you over to his bed. He laid you down onto the mattress before sitting on the edge of the bed, face buried in his hands. How could you hate him? He did not hate you. Ben had loved you too, a long time ago. Kylo Ren, on the other hand, did not feel love for anyone. He told himself he did not love you, but he had to admit he certainly didn't hate you, not even after what you had said. He did not know what to do with you. I don't love her, he thought repeatedly to himself. I can't love her. He removed his hands from his face to look at her one more time before adorning his helmet once again and leaving the room. He had a bad feeling this was going to be a losing battle. Chapter 11 : Date Night (Ben Solo) Summary: This took me FOREVER to write, but it's finally here!! You, Ben, and the twins had fallen into a routine in the following months since first meeting. Ben would drop Kyle and Reina off at the day care center and go to work; you would work as well, but you got out of work earlier than Ben so you would swing by the center and pick up the pair of toddlers. You would ask them about their day, what their favorite part was, did they make anything, who did they play with. At first only Reina would talk with you, but soon Kyle became just as animated with you. You would take the both of them up to your apartment and get dinner started. Once Ben was out of work, he would join the three of you at your place and all four of you would eat dinner together. Ben was grateful to have you in his, their , life. Reina and Kyle's mother had up and left as soon as she had them, so it was a relief to have you around. Tonight, though, Ben would not be eating dinner with you and his children. He had a date. And he was nervous. He was currently standing in his bedroom with you while you adjusted his tie, the twins on the bed with a coloring book. "Is this too much?" he asked you, fidgeting with his suit jacket. "Hold still," you snapped, never taking your eyes off of the tie as you worked. "And no, you're taking her to that steakhouse, they have a dress code there." You were not in the mood to discuss his date. You weren't in the mood to be around him at the moment, but he had asked you to help him with his tie. And watch his kids. You were just his babysitter it seemed. When you finished with the tie, you tapped his chest to let him know you were finished. "There, all set." You turned towards the bed to see what the twins were up to, but you stopped when you felt Ben's hand on your shoulder. "Wait, (Y/N)," he said. "Should I wear my hair back?" You didn't even look at him. You shrugged his hand off of you and sat on the bed. "I don't care, Ben, wear it the way you want," you sighed. Why couldn't he just leave already? Ben frowned down at you. You huffed out a sigh. "I'm sorry, I've just had a rough week at work. I shouldn't be taking it out on you." You took an extra moment to look at him. "Back, you should wear it back." "Do you need the night to yourself?" Ben asked as he tied back his hair. "I can ask my mom to watch the twins..." "Nah, that's alright," you assured him. "They make me happy." You offered him a weak smile before turning to the bed and letting yourself fall onto the mattress. Immediately Kyle and Reina were on top of you trying to poke you awake. "Auntie (Y/N)!" Reina whined. "Don't fall asleep!" You lifted your head slightly to look up at her, bringing your hand up to her face to brush her hair behind her ear. "You need a haircut, miss," you said. "Can't see your pretty eyes behind all that hair." "NO!" she shrieked in laughter as you sat up to tickle her. Kyle stood up behind you and encircled his arms around your neck and hugging himself to you as he watched. Ben had a wide smile on his face. He didn't want to go on his date, especially now. He would much rather spend time with his kids and you. He was happiest during moments like these. He hadn't realized he was staring until you turned to him and reminded him of the time, telling him he should leave now if he wanted to beat traffic. "Right, uh, yeah," he stammered while feeling for his wallet in his pocket. "I should go. I'll try to be back early, around ten?" "Stay out as long as you want, have fun!" you grinned. Ben shuffled his feet before nodding and exiting the apartment. Your smile fell immediately. To be honest you were seething with jealousy. Yes, you had a massive crush on Ben, but you didn't want to jeopardize your friendship with him if that meant jeopardizing your relationship with the twins. You already loved them like your own, and you couldn't bear to think of a future without them. So you settled for friendship and keeping all your feelings in a tight, small box deep, deep down inside. ----- Ben was walking back to the apartment from the parking garage lost in thought. The date went alright; the woman he was with wasn't completely boring, but she did make a comment about not hating kids but not exactly liking them. When she asked him out for drinks after dinner, he told her the truth about having to get back home to his children. Her eyes had widened in shock for a moment, but she had regained her composure and ended the night with him with a friendly handshake. They both knew that they would not be seeing each other again. Ben couldn't help but wish he had gone on the date with you instead. Sure, he's gone to dinner with you, but the twins were there as well. It wasn't a date. He wanted to be able to take you out to dinner, the both of you all dressed up, holding hands underneath the table like teenagers afraid to get caught, legs brushing up against each other, stolen glances, sweet words... He wanted all of that with you. It was surprising because Ben had never been interested in properly dating someone. It was just something he never really thought about. No one had ever made him want to do those sorts of things, not even the mother of his children. But you... simply put, you were amazing, and Ben wanted you with him and Kyle and Reina. Yes, it had only been a few months since he first met you, but he head learned to be a quick judge of character in his line of work, and he knew in his heart of hearts that he wanted you and only you. Unlocking the door to his apartment, he walked in to see you sitting on the couch and scrolling through your phone. You looked up at him and smiled. "You're home early," you said. Ben nodded as he walked towards you and sat on the couch a few feet away from you. "Didn't quite work out," he admitted. "There wasn't much of a connection." "Oh," was all you replied. After a few moments of awkward silence, Ben turned his body more towards you. "So I take it that the twins are asleep?" You slipped your phone into your jeans pocket before giving Ben your full attention. "Yup, been asleep for maybe an hour now? They were great tonight. They always are." You gave him a small smile, and Ben felt as if his insides were tingling. He wanted nothing more than reach out and touch you. He watched as you began to rub the back of your neck slowly, your eyes closed and a frown on your face. "So, you had a rough work week?" he asked. You nodded slightly. "You do look tense... M-maybe I could, I don't know, give you a massage? If you'd like, that is, if you don't want to that's okay, too," he reassured. You felt like the room was suddenly spinning. "Yeah, sure. Okay," you answered, turning your back to him on the couch. You heard him let out a sigh, then cracking knuckles before finally feeling his hands lightly touch your shoulders. You tried not to shiver under his touch, especially when he applied pressure. His thumbs kneaded your shoulder blades as his fingers rubbed the top of your shoulders. Your head lolled forward and to the side as you let out a low groan. "Oh, Ben, that feels so good," you whispered, closing your eyes and getting lost in the sensation. Ben bit his lip as he felt the blood rush to his groin, holding back a moan himself. You made him feel like a teenager again. He didn't realize he had moved so close to you until his chest bumped against your back, and his face was right by your hair. Your eyes snapped open at the contact, your hands flying to the sides, your right hand accidentally landing on his thigh and gripping the muscle. You turned your head to the left and glanced at Ben, his face right near yours. Neither one of you moved for what felt like forever. You leaned your head back as he slowly drew nearer. "Ben," you whispered while staring into his dark eyes. "Tell me to stop," he breathed. He waited for you, but you didn't say anything, just looked at his mouth and licked your lips. The hand that was on your right shoulder slid up your neck to cup your jaw, moving you back towards his lips. When your lips met his, time seemed to stop. You could hardly believe this was happening, but here you were. His lips felt so plush against yours, big and pouty and so, so soft. You pressed further into him so that your back was flush against his chest, your backside rubbing against his crotch. Ben devoured your mouth, he had waited so long for this moment. He fantasized about this more times than he cares to admit, but he couldn't have imagined you would feel this perfect. His left arm encircled your waist to crush you to him, his hips rocking gently against you. You moaned into his mouth as you felt his erection press painfully into your ass, and you wiggled against him. The hand on your jaw moved to your throat and gripped lightly as he nipped your lips. You sighed contentedly against him as his left hand traveled under your shirt, tugging your bra down roughly to free your breasts, and then both hands were against your bare breasts. You placed your hands over his, only the thin material of your shirt separating you two, and you whimpered lightly as you felt him begin to knead your chest. Ben reluctantly pulled his lips from yours but did not stop touching you. "(Y/N)," he panted, trying to be as quiet as possible, "can I have you?" You mentally paused; this was going to change everything, and you felt overwhelmed and put on the spot. Ben felt you tense up. "(Y/N), whoa whoa," he let go of your breasts to turn your face towards him, both hands almost engulfing your face as his hands cupped your jaw. You sniffled slightly while trying to hold back tears. "(Y/N), baby, talk to me, please," he pleaded. You let out a shaky breath before you started. "Ben, I don't want to mess up what we already have, you, me, the twins... What if this- this changes all that?" There. You told him your fears. And yet he still looked lovingly at you, smiling a little as he wiped a tear from your eye. "(Y/N), of course everything will change," he said. "I'll get to wake up to you every morning, if you'll let me. I'll be yours for as long as you want me." He gazed at you reverently before speaking again. "As for the twins, well, they think that we're already dating," he chuckled. "They told their day care teacher that they don't have a mom, they have an Auntie (Y/N)." Your hand flew to your mouth in shock, tears of joy now running down your cheeks. "Oh, Ben," you sighed, leaning into him as his arms encircled you. You looked up at him, and he smiled as he lowered his head to kiss you again. He bit at your lips, his hands wandering to you hips. He tugged you onto his lap, grinding himself against you. You moaned against his mouth, a little too loudly though. Ben pulled away abruptly and looked in the direction of the twins' room. You were breathing heavily, realizing your mistake. 'I'm sorry,' you mouthed when he turned back to you, but he just shook his head and smiled before lifting you and himself up and off the couch. You latched onto his neck as he held your thighs around his waist and made his way to the bedroom. Locking the door behind him once the two of you were in the room, he then gently placed you onto his bed and resumed kissing you. You reached up to the back of his head and snapped his hair tie, his dark waves proceeding to fall to his shoulders. You wove your fingers through his hair and gripped tightly so that you could control the angle of his face in order to kiss him how you wanted. Ben groaned, his hands moving from your hips to your waistband. He tugged your jeans and underwear down your your legs, throwing them to the ground as quickly as possible. He soon rid you of your shirt and bra as well, and once you were completely naked he marveled at your body. You squirmed under his gaze. "Ben," you whined, holding your arms out to him. "Come back." "One second, baby..." Ben discarded his tie and tried to unbutton his dress shirt as quickly as possible, glancing at your nude form on his bed. Too distracted, he began fumbling with the buttons, his fingers too large to get them undone. A moment before he was about to rip his shirt open, he felt your small hands gently bat away his larger ones, your fingers deftly undoing each button. You pushed his shirt open and slid it down his shoulders, next trying to slide his undershirt off of him as well. He stepped back from you to pull it off of himself, reaching down to undo his belt after throwing it to the floor. You watched, lips parted. When his pants fell to the floor, you gasped. His cock was big... bigger than anyone else's that you had been with. But Ben was also just big , so it made sense. You were still nervous. Ben noticed you staring at his erection, and he nervously ran a hand through his hair. "We, um, don't have to do anything," he said quickly. "I'd be happy to just hold you, if that's what you want-" You snapped your head up to look at him, shaking your head frantically. "No! No, no, Ben, I want this, I want you ," you assured him. Taking a deep breath you confessed, "I've wanted you for a long time now." Ben shifted on his feet, biting his lip to fight back a huge grin. He nodded, his smile breaking across his face, and he joined you once again on the bed. The way you inhaled as he covered your body with his own, the pleading look in your eyes right before he kissed you, it was all becoming too much for Ben and he needed you, now . He cupped your face and kiss you gently, his tongue giving little swipes to your lips every now and then. You spread your legs so he was settled in between, and you rolled your hips to feel his velvety cock slide between your lower lips. "Oh, God, (Y/N)," he groaned, dropping his head to your shoulder as he shuddered. "You're so wet... Do you feel how hard you make me? How hard you've always made me?" Ben felt you nod your head and tighten your hold on his back, trying to pull him towards you more. "Ben, please," you pleaded, bucking your hips into him. Ben smoothed a hand over your hair before pressing a quick kiss to your lips. He couldn't deny you anything, especially this. He reached down and grabbed his cock to line himself up with your entrance. "Are you ready, baby?" he asked, looking into your (E/C) eyes. "Oh, yes, please, Ben," you rasped, your hand landing on his jaw. "Please." Ben turned his face into your hand and kiss your palm as he pushed himself into you. "F-f- fuck ," Ben grunted out, his head nuzzling your neck as he began to pump in and out of you. His hand launched forward to grip the headboard brutally to try and steady himself. He looked down at your face to see you with your eyes looking back at him, mouth parted in an 'o' as you clutched the sheets by your head. Ben couldn't have wished for a more gorgeous sight. You had begun to try and lift your head up in order to kiss him, but he was too far above you. You didn't want to say anything for fear of screaming out in pleasure and waking up the kids, so you stayed silent and twisted your hands in the sheets. Ben thankfully noticed your predicament. He buried himself completely in you as he paused his hips in order to let go of the headboard, bending and lowering himself to you to kiss you as you needed. His hand moved to join yours, fingers lacing with your own, your hold on the sheet no more. Ben rested his weight on his elbow before continuing. His cock felt so good sliding in and out of you, you were going insane with pleasure. You let little moans and sighs escape you when Ben pulled his lips away, and he was amazed at how he was the one causing you to make those noises. "Ben," you squeaked out, trying to keep quiet, "please, oh please rub my clit." That was the hottest, sexiest thing Ben had ever heard in his entire life, and he was more than happy to oblige. He reached down in between your bodies, and when his fingers brushed against your nub, you thought you were going to explode right then and there. You clenched your jaw tightly, your breathing becoming even more rapid; you were going to come. Ben watched as your chest heaved, heard as you made little whimpers, and rubbed your clit faster and harder. He felt your cunt pulse around his cock, and he knew you were about to shatter. "Ben, Ben, Ben," you chanted his name, "I'm gonna come, I'm gonna come, I'm coming, I'm coming-" Ben cut you off, kissing you as hard as he could as he kept pumping his hips and rubbing you rapidly as your climax coursed through your body. Ben couldn't control himself any longer, not with the way you felt around him, and pull out at the last moment right before he came, his cock twitching and pulsing as he had one of the most intense orgasms he could remember having. His lips were still on you, his body crushing you into his mattress, his breath coming in waves across your face. Your hands were on his face, holding him to you, anchoring you to him. You don't know how much time had passed before the two of you broke apart in order to breath properly. Ben looked down at you, sweat dripping from his brow and the ends of his hair, and you gazed back up at him. The two of you were at a loss for words, instead lost in each other. Ben lowered himself to kiss your forehead before rising from the bed on wobbly legs, walking towards his bathroom. You lay in a sweaty heap on the bed, content with not moving. You heard the faucet being run and then Ben's footsteps as he walked back towards you. He cleaned up his fluid from your thighs, and you muttered a 'thanks'. Ben dropped back onto the bed after a minute, and you let him pull you into his body, your head resting on his chest. You felt Ben kiss the top of your head, and you closed your eyes and sighed in contentment. "Can I call you my girlfriend now?" When Ben finally spoke, his voice was deep and hoarse, barely above a whisper. You turned your head to look up into his dark eyes and nodded. "Yeah. Can I call you my boyfriend?" you asked, smiling. Ben smiled back at you, nodding his head. "Fucking finally," he answered, placing his lips back onto yours as you giggled. Chapter 12 : Wake Up Call (Armitage Hux) Summary: Hux really wants you to like his apartment... Your cellphone vibrating against your nightstand woke you up immediately. You blindly reached for the phone, squinting your eyes while bringing it up to your face. The time showed that it was two in the morning, and the caller ID displayed your boyfriend's name, Armitage Hux. You accepted the call and brought the phone to your ear. "Hello?" you managed to croak out, your voice heavy with sleep. "(Y/N)?" he answered. "Where are you?" "What?" You didn't register what he was asking you right away, but a split second later you realized what he had said. "I'm at your apartment, in your bed," you answered. "No, you're not," he responded sternly. He was right, you were in your own apartment, but he didn't know that, or at least, he shouldn't know that... "Yes I am," you retorted defensively,now sitting up in your bed. "How do you know?" "Because I would be looking at you if you were. I'm staring at an empty bed." Shit. You've been caught. Hux had been away on a business trip the last week and had asked you to stay at his apartment while he was gone. "Why?" you had asked. "You don't need a house sitter, you have a ton of security around your building." "That's not why I'm asking, (Y/N)," he had said. He leaned forward across the cafe table you two were seated at and held your hands in his, his thumb moving across your knuckles. "While I'm away, I would feel better if you stayed at my place. I want to know you are safe while I am gone." You had looked at him closely, his blue eyes pleading with you. You really didn't want to stay at his apartment. It was a penthouse, really, and you had only been there a few times, but when you were there you felt out of place. Everything at his place cost more than your life, or so you thought. You were afraid to move about the area, not wanting to mess anything up or break something. It all made you very uncomfortable, which is why Armitage made it a habit of sleeping over at your place. He slept in your bed with you almost every night since you two first started dating a few months ago; being away from you, even for a night, made him uneasy. But he had to go on this business trip, and he would be gone for a week, the longest amount of time he would be away from you. "Please, (Y/N), it'll make me feel better knowing you are safe at my place." You couldn't say no to him, not like this, not when he was so obviously worried about your well-being. You knew you would be okay on your own for a week, you were on your own for years before you met Armitage. But you agreed for his sake, not your own. "Okay," you said as you smiled softly at him. "I'll stay at your place." Armitage grinned widely before kissing you gently on your lips, his hand cupping your jaw. "Thank you," he had said as he pulled away. But now you were quite sure he was not as happy with you, if the way he was breathing heavily into the phone was any indication. "You had promised me you would stay here ," he growled. "And not only do I come home to you not being here, but you lied to me about it." "A, I can explain," you started, clutching the phone as if it was a lifeline. "I tried, I really, truly did, but I couldn't fall asleep there. I lost two nights of sleep, and my work was suffering, and I was exhausted. I had to be in my own bed." There was only silence on the other end of the phone. You bit the inside of your cheek nervously. "A, please, I'm sorry I lied, I just-" "I'm coming over," he said bluntly before hanging up on you. Your mouth hung open in disbelief. Why is this such a big deal? A half an hour later you heard a knock at your door. You walked briskly across your apartment, wide awake from the argument, and opened the door to a fuming Armitage. He barged into your modest apartment before you could invite him in, flinging his black coat onto your couch. He was still wearing his business suit from his earlier meetings. "Sit," he commanded, and although you would normally put up a fight at him giving you commands like you were a dog, you obeyed in order to placate him for now, joining his coat on the couch. You watched him pace back and forth in front of you a few times before you spoke up. "Why are you back so early?" you asked. "It was 2 AM when you called." "I got a red-eye flight back," he explained, still pacing and not looking at you. "Wanted to sleep next to you." He stopped pacing and finally made eye contact with you, his fists clenched at his sides. "Is my apartment so horrible?" "No," you answered. "It's not the apartment, it's..." You trailed off. Armitage waited patiently for your response. You sighed heavily before continuing. "I don't know." You looked at your lap and bit the inside of your cheek. "I don't know why it matters." Armitage shifted his weight from foot to foot, unable to stand still. This is it , he thought. "(Y/N)," he said, gaining your attention. He ran his hand through his hair, and you loved how it fluffed up. "I wanted you to stay at my place because not only is it in a safer area-" You pouted. "-what I mean is, um... Haven't you heard about the burglaries happening in this neighborhood?" he asked, a little harshly, you thought. He had a look of disbelief on his face. "Seriously. There has been, like, ten in the last month-" "You're over exaggerating," you cut in, beginning to wave your hand as if to brush him off, but you were stopped. Armitage had caught your hand in his as he knelt in front of you, grasping your hand in both of his. He had a look of genuine worry on his face. "I am not," he said. You felt him stroking your hand, and your breath hitched at the gesture. You loved moments like this; with you he was not Chief Executive Office Armitage Hux of the First Order, the ruthless businessman. To you he was A, because he didn't like his first name and you refused to refer to him as Hux. You reached up and placed your other hand on his cheek, and he leaned into your touch, turning his face into your palm and kissing your fingers. "I worry about you all the time," he went on. "I've never worried about someone like I do you. Even when I know you're safe, if you're not with me, I worry." "A," you sighed. "I'm fine, I'm not some fragile little girl. I can take care of myself, you know that." He gave a small chuckle. "I know, I know, and I keep telling myself that. It's actually one of the reasons why I love you," he confessed. His eyes widened slightly; he had not meant to tell you that so soon. Fuck. He didn't move, and you could see the inner turmoil on his face. "Hey, A," you said, trying to snap him out of his trance. "A, baby, look at me, please." You tried to keep your voice steady, but it sounded wobbly. You couldn't help it, you were so happy to hear him say that. Armitage finally looked at you, holding his breath in anticipation of your answer. You leaned forward to kiss him, and after a moment he reciprocated. You broke away, smiling like an idiot at him. "I love you too," you said, happy tears welling up in your eyes. He didn't smile back at you, instead he blinked a few times before pulling you off of the couch and towards him, holding you tightly. He didn't know what to do with himself, so he buried his face in your hair. You wove your hands through his hair, scratching his scalp and kissing his neck and shoulder. He squeezed you tighter before releasing you, still holding you but able to look down and into your eyes. He was grinning with you now, leaning his forehead against yours and smoothing your hair away from your face. "I have to be honest," he said. "I wanted you to stay at my place not only to keep you safe, but... I wanted you to get used to staying there because I want you to move in with me." "What?" you answered as you moved back to look at him properly. "N-not right this second, it doesn't have to be for awhile," he assured you. "Just... sometime. I practically already live here," he paused as he listened to you giggle, "but I want you to move into my apartment with me, eventually. You decide when." "Okay," you answered, nodding your head. "I think I can get used to your place, as long as you're there to help me get acclimated." You gave him a coy smile, and he grabbed your face to kiss you deeply. "Absolutely," he said as he parted from you, rubbing his thumb over your lips. "I'll always be there for you."