The ground broke apart along the horizon, ripping through the densely packed forest with ease. A gloved hand wrapped tightly around the railing of the bridge. Years of work was diminishing in front of his eyes. There was no turning back. General Hux knew where he was needed before the breathless stormtrooper could spit out the words. He turned on his heel and walked briskly to the room where he would stand face to face with Snoke. In his head, he attempted to develop any form of explanation for their pending failure. There was none. Starkiller, his legacy, was crumbling beneath his feet. There was nothing that Hux could do, no way to turn back time, no method of restoring his base to its former glory. Somewhere between his usual place on the bridge and the meeting room with Snoke, Hux accepted the fact that these would be his last few moments. A good General goes down with his ship, he told himself. No matter how badly he wished to evacuate and extract his revenge on whoever was responsible for the destruction of his life’s work, he knew better. Above all, Hux was a man of principle, or so he believed. When he arrived at Snoke’s feet, Hux did his best to keep his composure. The stone cold eyes staring back at him were unforgiving, mixed with a look Hux had become familiar with. This time, the animosity was directed at him. But Hux didn’t realize this. Instead, he saw the gritted teeth and harsh tone as anger towards the Resistance. It was the work of a few that was about to undo the labor of many. The greatest accomplishment in First Order history was to be destroyed. The ground shook harder as he made his way through the tall doors, the pit of doubt dissipating from his stomach as he focused on the command. Retrieve Ren. It was an easy enough task, he assumed. Snoke had given him a location, all that Hux had to do was haul him onto a ship. All around him, people fled for their lives. Never before had he seen such disarray under his command. With a stern voice, Hux scolded those that rushed by him. Even in the time of chaos, they snapped into attention under his order. “Soldier,” Hux’s voice rose, feeling a rush of power as the panicked stormtrooper turned to face him, “With me,” There was no further instruction needed as Hux snapped his fingers, and the soldier fell in line. Hux could practically hear the armor rattling against itself, and made a mental note to expose new recruits to heightened stress so that they may not break so easily under pressure. In the back of his mind, he remembered the rogue stormtrooper that abandoned the First Order after his first battle. No prior offenses. Top in his class. A seemingly perfect soldier. Hux looked around at the widespread panic and knew that it only took one loose bolt to wreck the machine. FN-2187. Hux ran the serial over in his head, determined to remember the man that destroyed his work. If he ever had the chance to meet him face to face, Hux knew that his stoic composure would not hold up easily. The stormtrooper following at his heels wavered, and Hux quickened his pace. The planet was falling apart around them, the army was flooding toward evacuation measures, yet they continued on. Hux stepped into the hangar, and immediately located Ren’s usual ship. Sliding into the pilot seat, Hux began to flip the various switches needed to get the ship up and running. The hangar shook with a ferocity that could have thrown Hux from his seat had he not been buckled in. “Sir,” the stormtrooper’s voice shook, and Hux held up a finger to silence him. “Abandoning this mission directly opposes the orders of both Leader Snoke and your General,” Hux warned him, “So please think about your actions before you move from that seat,” The soldier tightened his grip on the armrests of his seat, and Hux smiled pleasantly to himself. There was nothing more satisfying than the loyalty of those below him. It was what he had worked his entire life to achieve. The ship stuttered at it lifted from the shaking ground, and Hux struggled to steady it. Though he had experience as a pilot, it had been years since he flew a ship. Anyone else may have collapsed under the high stress, but Hux thrived on it. They glided through the air, with Hux managing to dodge the various debris flung in their direction. While countless ships fled the planet, they flew into the worst of it. Hux searched the craters below for any sign of the traitor. FN-2187 was, apparently, long gone. As they neared the coordinates given by Snoke, Hux spotted Ren’s body lying in the snow. It was a black mound, surrounded by tufts of white. Hux found it to be comical just how obviously Ren stood out against his environment. It was fitting. Landings were, debatably, far more difficult than taking off. Hux took a deep breath, and inched the controls to land in an area close to Ren, but not on top of him. The breathing of the trooper beside him was labored in anticipation. The ship landed with a shudder, the entire thing lurching forward as they settled into the snow. Hux snapped his finger, and the trooper dove out of his seat to retrieve Ren. It meant that they could leave, having the man onboard, which could not be achieved soon enough. Hux stared at the deep crater in front of them, watching every rock break apart from the sides to fall into the abyss. It felt like a piece of him was dying in that moment. He lifted a hand to rest against the glass separating him from the planet. With a thud, Kylo Ren was yanked on board the ship. Hux glanced up, only half interested, and closed the hatch behind them. A few hundred yards ahead, he saw as the ground began to crack again. It was spreading towards them quickly, and Hux set the switches into motion once again. From the back, he could hear the rasping breaths of Kylo Ren and the frantic clanking of the stormtrooper. Hux managed to lift the ship into the air just as the ground gave out beneath them. “Save the force tricks for another time, Ren,” Hux shouted, listening to the sound of the stormtrooper gasping for breath behind him. Of course, the Knight would choke the man trying to help him. The ship tilted as it rose, the men in the back crashing hard into a wall. Hux heard the howl of Kylo Ren behind him, and smirked. With another jerk of the steering device, the two slammed into the opposite end of the ship. Hux let himself focus then, reaching across the control panel to flip the switches that a copilot would have gotten. They rose higher into the air, and Hux let out a relieved sigh when he saw the black of space rushing closer towards them. They were going to make it. Despite the odds, they would not go down with Starkiller. It was by some burst of luck that they didn’t die in a fiery rage, though Hux found it fitting for Ren. Perhaps, for himself as well, though he wouldn’t admit it. The stormtrooper managed to secure Kylo onto the medical bed, despite his protests, and moved across the cockpit to grab the chair of the copilot. It was already dangerous to be moving about without being strapped in, and he looked more than eager for that twinge of safety. Hux reached out again, finger lingering over the button for hyperspace as the stormtrooper settled in beside him. Before the seatbelt could click, Hux heard a low boom behind them. In a flash, his palm smacked down on the button to send them into lightspeed. It was too late. Hux couldn’t tell if the force that lurched him forward was the hyperspace or the planet imploding behind them. Either way, the power of it knocked him unconscious. For a moment, he felt nothing. Everything was black. There was no noise. Hux was in a state so far detached from himself that not even sleep could bring him the same feeling. And then, all at once, everything came back. The incessant beeping of the ship roared in his ears, the frayed edges of the seat belt cut into his skin, the smell of smoke clouded the cabin. Hux gasped, surging forward to hold onto the control panel. He looked through the glass, and saw land approaching fast. The steering mechanism was locked, and he yanked on it with everything he had until it finally jerked up. Hux tried desperately to steer, but the ship was moving too quickly. Dunes of sand rushed up, and Hux felt the bottom of the ship skid against land. The power of the crash was too much, there was no way it would end in anything less than an explosion at this rate. Hux smashed every button he could remember that may help to slow them down. In a splash of bright light, the ship stopped moving and Hux jerked against the restraints of his seat belt. Once again, the force of collision knocked him from consciousness and left him limp in the pilot seat. This time, it was not black. This time, Hux felt as alive as ever. He was moving through a crowd, he felt hands on his arms, there were restraints on his wrists. Despite the odd scene, he couldn’t place it as a dream. The event felt too real. Hux was led through jeering people, and he felt his body ache in pain as they kicked at him, clawed at him, did everything they could to hurt him. Something was wrong, his voice was frozen in his throat. People had never treated him this way, they would never. He was General Brendol Hux II, feared by all in both reputation and practice. No one that had been in his presence for more than thirty seconds lasted without breaking to show him a deep respect. Whether it was genuine or out of fear, he did not care. Power was power to Hux. They walked through the stretch of people, and Hux felt his legs threaten to give out. It was as if he was marching an entire parade, with eager faces watching him as he moved. His usual uniform was replaced with the clothes given to prisoners of war, and he realized how small he felt in the foreign clothing. “This is a mistake,” his voice warbled, and he found it was far more painful to speak than it was to stay quiet. With every word his head pounded, like his brain was trying to escape from his skull. Hux remained silent for the rest of the procession. They approached a stage, and Hux vaguely recognized it to be where he had given his speech before the destruction of the Hosnian System. It didn’t register with him that the stage would have been destroyed, that it died along with Starkiller. “For the thousands that died under his supervision,” an automated voice rose above the screaming crowd, and Hux turned to see Kylo Ren awaiting him, “General Brendol Hux II is sentenced to a public execution,” Hux faltered, staring out into the crowd of unmasked troops. They watched him with cold, unforgiving eyes as the guards holding him kicked in his knees. Hux tumbled to the ground, unable to hold himself up with dignity due to his complete shock. “It wasn’t my fault,” he rasped out, but his voice was lost under the roar of the crowd. “You ordered the blast,” Kylo reminded him, leaning down so their faces aligned. “It was to save the First Order,” Hux mouthed, unable to muster as much as a whisper. “Innocent lives were destroyed because of your Starkiller base,” Kylo continued, “You slaughtered an entire system,” Hux began to realize the implications of Ren’s words. It wasn’t just about Starkiller imploding, no, it was about the Hosnian System. The five planets that met a similar fate due to his call. “I did it to save us,” Hux screamed, but no sound came from his mouth, “I did it to bring order to the galaxy,” Kylo Ren loomed above him, hand resting on the lightsaber strapped to his belt. The crowd chanted something that Hux couldn’t quite make out. The guards yanked his arms further behind his back, gripping on his hair so that his neck was bared. “No,” Kylo shook his head, “You did it for the power. You did it for yourself,” Hux tried to argue, but his mouth was unable to move. He sat frozen in place, in a position he would never allow himself to be subjected to, and watched the red glow of Kylo Ren’s lightsaber spark in front of his eyes. The saber was raised behind his back, and Hux felt the heat of it from his spot below. In one swift motion, the crackling red swung down, blinding Hux before it even came close to touching him. Though the spark of the saber was deafening, he could still hear the cheers of the crowd in the background. Hux lurched forward against his restraints, his eyes opening as he struggled to breathe. Everything was hot. There was the smell of smoke. His throat was almost completely dried out. Shattered glass splayed across his lap. He wasn’t on Starkiller. The ship rested between two dunes, and somehow was still partially intact. Hux sucked in a deep breath, holding his hands up to try and feel some tie to reality. They were red from what looked like burns, cut mildly in a few places where glass and debris had skimmed his skin. Hux counted every already bubbling blister twice to try and ease his mind. Slowly, he regained feeling in his body. Hux almost wished he didn’t. Pain shot up from the tips of his toes to his head, his uniform ruined from little cuts and scrapes. Everywhere either ached or burned. Hux found it difficult to breathe. That may have been the smoke, he realized, as he looked around for the first time. Something in the ship was on fire, he registered, and the dark clouds of smoke were steadily billowing into the cockpit. He needed to leave. Hux clenched his fists testingly, focusing on the parts of his hands that felt inflamed when he did so. They weren’t broken, thankfully, but they certainly weren’t in good shape. With numb fingers, he fumbled with the buckle of his straps. It took him at least three tries, but he was finally released. Hux could breathe more comfortably without the cloth digging into his chest, and he let his head fall forward to rest on his knees for a moment. It was time to get moving, he knew that, but he could barely bring himself to keep his eyes open. Hux pushed himself up, noting the way that his legs wobbled under the weight of his body. Only one of them was cut badly enough to be worried at all, but that was one of the lower things on the list of things Hux needed to focus on. Left foot. Right foot. Left foot. Right foot. Pause. Hux hunched over, cradling his abdomen where he had surely been hit with something. It felt similarly to having been kicked, hard, in the side. Hux hadn’t known this feeling for a long time, not since his days at the Academy where they practiced hand to hand combat. Left foot. Right foot. Left foot. Right foot. Pause. The body of the stormtrooper caught his eye, and he remembered all at once his reasoning for being on this ship in the first place. He remembered the other passengers. He remembered Kylo Ren. Left foot. Right foot. Left foot. Right foot. Pause. Hux shuffled over to where his trooper laid, and waved some of the smoke away for a better view. Panic flashed across his eyes as he noticed the sickening position in which the man laid, and he dropped to his knees to get a closer look. “Soldier,” Hux commanded, shaking the man slightly, “Soldier, report,” he repeated, more forcefully. Hux angled his body to get a grip on the trooper’s helmet, and carefully pulled it from his head. The man before him was still, limp, rigid. Hux could only head the incessant thudding of his own heart. “LG-6758,” Hux recited the number, studying the man’s face soberly. Despite commanding an army of tens of thousands, Hux made it his business to know as many of the troopers as possible. This included reading files, memorizing names and faces, and keeping up on the accomplishments and backgrounds of an array of soldiers. LG-6758 was a follower. He never strayed from the plan devised by his troop. Everything that he did was by the book, as close to the rules and regulations as humanly possible. Hux sensed his pliantness back on Starkiller, when he was looking for a recruit to help him. Hux had exploited the non-confrontational manner of the soldier before him. He knew that this one would not fight back, would not dismiss his orders in an attempt to save his own life. LG-6758 was a lamb, not a lion. LG-6758 was dead. Hux realized it immediately after studying his face. His eyes, blue as the water, stared straight ahead to meet Hux’s. They were unblinking. They were cold, they were the same eyes that watched him in his dream. Hux stood up promptly, and took three paces before he vomited. His hands rested on his knees, and he felt his body convulse as he was sick over and over again. Before long, he had nothing more to offer up. He just stood dry heaving a few feet from the body of a man whose death rested on his shoulders. Had Hux waited a second longer, the trooper’s seatbelt could have been buckled. However, they also could have been consumed by the implosion of Starkiller. Hux ran over the logistics in his head, trying to rewrite the situation for a different outcome. When he opened his eyes and saw the body of one of his soldiers in front of him, he realized that there was no changing the past. The sound of a crackling spark behind him made Hux jump, and he knew he would have to keep moving. There was still the possibility of the ship exploding due to a gas leak or other electrical error. There was another person onboard, someone potentially alive. Hux pushed himself up again, shoving his hair back out of his face. It wasn’t regulation to have it so messy. He desperately pushed it out of his eyes until it was held back by the copious amounts of sweat stinging his hairline. Across the cockpit, he saw Kylo Ren. The long, black cape was seared with places that it had been burned. It whipped loudly in the wind, and convulsed like a man trying to free himself of restraints. Fitting, Hux decided, looking at the leather straps that bound Kylo to the table. He was too large for it. His legs bent at the knees, and his head was rammed up against the wall. Mobility certainly must have been impossible, for how difficult it was to shove him within the space. Hux only hoped that it was enough to save him. Hux did not wish that Kylo was alive out of sentiment. It was more so that he could not handle the thought of seeing another dead body, the body of a man he had spoken to on numerous occasions. Though he wouldn’t admit it, even to himself, Hux also hated the idea of being alone. He had no idea where he was, sustained several injuries during the crash, and woke up from the nightmare of a lifetime. Vaguely, it registered that Kylo was the one that so proudly held the job as executioner in his dream. Hux swallowed thickly. That was not reality. This was reality. Hux was the one with authority here. It was a long walk to the stretcher, one filled with spikes of pain shooting up his legs and fierce determination. Through it all, Hux sucked in shaky breaths through his teeth. The ship creaked under his every movement, and more than ever he realized the impertinence of getting off. Kylo Ren was still. There was a wide gash, a lightsaber wound, covering half of his face. The meticulous cloaks were seared and cut and ripped, exposing him in a way that Hux had never seen him before. For once in his life, Ren looked vulnerable. It didn’t sit well with Hux. “It was your fault,” Hux whispered, looking at Kylo lying beneath him. The entire thing, it had been Kylo’s doing. He was the reason they kidnapped the girl, not the droid. He was the reason the Resistance was able to set off bombs, while he was distracted by his daddy issues. He was the reason that the entire base imploded, the reason that thousands of people perished while he was rescued at the expense of another man’s life. “It’s your fault,” Hux seethed, “This is all happening because of your foolishness, because of your mistakes. Not mine,” Kylo’s chest rose and fell, a clear indicator of his lifeforce. The breathing was heavily labored, as if every intake was an immense chore. It was obvious that he would die quickly without medical attention. Hux considered leaving him. “You’re the reason I’m going to be killed,” Hux whispered, remembering how it felt to be on his knees before the members of the First Order, “You’re the reason I’m going to lose everything I have worked my entire life for,” Hux was foolish to believe that his retrieval of Ren would be satisfactory. This base that practically had his name on it was a failure. The First Order did not allow failures, especially ones that resulted in a significant loss of both property and personnel. Generals were dispensable. It was what made the job so worthwhile, the fact that Hux was able to stay in command for so much longer than anyone before him. It proved that he had leadership abilities, that he was vital to the success of the First Order. But this, this immense mistake, not even Hux’s spotless record could save him. Snoke would want a show. He would want to ingrain into every remaining First Order member just what happens to those who cannot fulfill their duties. Even if it wasn’t Hux’s fault, it was his responsibility. He was as good as dead at this point. “I wish you died in the crash,” Hux breathed, his chest fiery with rage, “I wish that girl killed you on Takodana,” Kylo didn’t stir. The way that his chest moved with his breathing suggested at least a few broken ribs. Combined with his other injuries, it would take serious work to heal him. Hux felt no sympathy for the man in front of him. Stepping forward, Hux noticed the saber still attached to Kylo’s waist. It was covered in soot, but a few clean parts shone in the harsh sun. Hux ripped it from Kylo’s possession and held the heavy weapon in his hands. With a press of a button, light shot out. It snapped and crackled, and Hux watched the way it moved in his hands. Never had he felt so much power from a physical weapon. Red shone in his eyes, and his grip tightened on the handle. “I should kill you now,” Hux decided, voice flat. It only made sense, he thought. Kylo Ren was a liability. If Hux had any chance at all of surviving, he needed to go into hiding. It needed to be done quickly, so that he would not be found when the First Order combed the galaxy looking for Kylo. Kylo was loyal to Snoke, he always would be. It was never about bringing order to the galaxy, or building an empire, it was about catering to every whim and wish Snoke had. That was where they differed the most severely. Kylo was also strong with the Force. While Hux hated to admit it, there was some higher power connecting Kylo to every other force sensitive person alive. Including Snoke, who would be able to find him with ease as soon as he was awake, if not already. Killing Kylo would be the most logical step for Hux to take. It was the obvious route. What was the other option? Dragging him off of the ship and tending to his wounds? Helping him regain his strength so that Kylo may drag him back to Snoke? If Hux valued his own life whatsoever, he would have killed Kylo and walked off of the ship. So, it was what he decided to do as he weighed the lightsaber in his hand. Hux took a step closer, angling the saber slightly to line it up with Kylo’s chest. All he had to do was plunge it down. There was no necessity in being force sensitive to stab someone with a lightsaber. Hux felt a surge of power with the weapon in his hands. Slowly, he brought the weapon up over his head. It mimicked, in a way, the method that Kylo used in his dream. Hux would have mirrored the action exactly, had he been trained in the ways of the lightsaber. “You deserve this,” Hux breathed out, working up the courage to send the saber plunging through the other man’s chest. As if on cue, dark eyelashes fluttered open to reveal soft eyes. Hux faltered for a moment, knocked off his feet at just how relaxed and tranquil Kylo looked below him. It was an expression he had never seen on the other’s face, from the few times he had seen his face at all. That peace melted off of Kylo as soon as he noticed the lightsaber. His eyes went wide and his arms jerked up against the restraints. “Please, no, please, don’t hurt me, please,” Kylo begged, voice rough and rasping. The words could barely tumble out fast enough. Hux froze, in complete and utter shock from the unabashed pleading. This was Kylo Ren under him. This was the man that had never begged for anything in his First Order life. This was the man who had given him more anxiety and rage than every other person combined. Hux smiled without realizing it, lapping up the pleads. He let them wash over his skin, like soothing water to his burns. It turned his aching pain into elation, and he dangled the saber just a little closer to head that begging pick up. “Please don’t, please, please,” Kylo Ren implored, head lolling slightly as his eyes fluttered once more. It was clear how difficult it was for him to stay conscious. This only filled Hux with greater glee, realizing that Kylo Ren was fighting every urge in him to appeal to Hux. The man’s voice died out slowly, but his eyes remained wide and petrified. Every so often he would work up the energy to squeak out another plea. Minutes had passed, minutes in which they should have been long gone from the ship, but Hux still dangled the saber over Kylo’s chest. “Say my name,” Hux demanded, “I want to hear you beg me, personally, to spare your life,” “I don’t,” Kylo rasped shaking his head. His wrists bled from his yanking against the restraints, and Hux watched as it darkened his already black robes, “I don’t know, please, please don’t,” Hux narrowed his eyes. Incredulous that Kylo Ren was still playing games, on the verge of death, with his life resting in Hux’s hands. However, the look in his eyes showed true confusion. It made Hux wonder just what was happening. Before he could ask further questions, the ship shook beneath them. Kylo Ren wailed, his eyes closing further despite his efforts to stay awake. Hux switched the lightsaber off, and looked around the cockpit. There wasn’t much time left. Of course, he had wasted his precious time getting Kylo Ren to grovel. They could have been a mile away from the ship, perhaps somewhere safe, but no he- Hux realized that he was thinking in plural. He was planning ways to cross the desert with an injured Kylo Ren. “I should let you die,” Hux spat bitterly. “Please,” Kylo Ren’s voice was barely audible over the creaking of the ship, “Please,” Hux, had he been a different man, would have walked off the ship in that moment. Better yet, he would have plunged the saber through the heart of the man that ruined his entire life with a few poor decisions. But he couldn’t do it. Despite Hux’s reputation, despite the orders he had given, he couldn’t deal with the blood of Kylo Ren on his hands. He had never killed anyone personally. Of course, he had ordered the deaths of hundreds of thousands of people, which should have made him a professional. But the look in Ren’s eyes, the shameless begging for his life, the weight of the weapon in his hands, Hux couldn’t do it. It was almost a joke. This man, who was so feared, who was so ruthless, who was so angry, could not leave a man to die that was on the verge of it anyways, and an almost certain cause of death for Hux in the near future. It was logical. It made sense. It would put Hux in a better position to run away and preserve his own life, if he wasn’t with a man who was loyal to the order he was betraying. And yet, he found himself rapidly undoing the restraints of the stretcher. Chapter 2 Dragging Kylo Ren from the burning ship was, by no means, an easy task. Hux’s blistered fingers could barely unlatch the restraints. Thrice he nearly gave up, resting his head against his forearms as he fiddled with the straps. Finally, he managed to free Kylo. The ship creaked beneath them, and Hux set to the task of somehow getting the two of them off of the ship. Kylo was fragile due to his injuries, and just one wrong move may ruin any chance he had at recovery. Hux dropped him on the ground. He froze for a moment, staring at Kylo’s sprawled out body against the soot of the ship’s floor. Hux rolled his eyes, more than frustrated with the situation. Once again, he considered leaving Ren to burn on the ship. Hux took a step back, but before he could move more than a few inches he resigned and went back to work. This was going to happen. He was going to get the both of them off of the ship if it was the last thing he did. Why, Hux wasn’t entirely sure of. It was partially the rush of adrenaline he felt watching Kylo’s wide eyes beg him for mercy. Very little in his life had compared to the feeling of the once great Kylo Ren groveling beneath him. But another part, something more prominent though Hux did his best to ignore it, was the intense fear of being alone. He had no one. No one under his command, no one running at his heels, no one to do his bidding. From General of the First Order to this, he couldn’t handle it. And while Hux tried to tell himself that it was his need for authority that kept him dragging Kylo’s body against the trembling ship, it was more than that. He was afraid. Never before had he been completely alone, especially in such a hostile situation. There were always constituents around him. There was always someone to brave the storm with him. But now, now there was just a dead stormtrooper propped up in the corner, and a severely battered dark lord. Hux would make do with what he had. It was what brought him so much success in his career. A career, he reminded himself, that was ended by the man hanging limply in his grasp. Hux sucked in a steady breath, noting that his lungs seemed to falter slightly. It was the smoke, he knew it. It was impossible to draw a full breath, and yet he continued to try. It only resulted in him doubled over, coughing profusely as the smoke streamed into his body. “If you thought you had to beg for your life before,” Hux grunted, stooping over to hoist Kylo onto his shoulder, “You have no idea what is in store,” Hux’s legs wavered under the dead weight of a man slightly larger in size. Had he not been injured in the crash, lifting Kylo would have been no big deal. He was slim, but made it a point to be in top physical shape. His addiction to improving his body was the only saving grace of the situation. Hux’s knees knocked against each other, and he whined as he staggered forward. The door of the ship was open, with the walkway jutting out into the sand. As he drew closer, the blinding light of the unforgiving sun burned his eyes. Kylo’s body hit the sand more gently than it had hit the floor, and Hux collapsed beside him. His hair hung in his face, soaked with sweat from the excursion. Behind him, black clouds billowed from the rear of the ship. Hux turned to look at the wreckage, trying to determine just how much time they had before the entire thing would explode. They needed to get away from it to avoid any shrapnel or blast burns. Hux could barely keep his eyes open. As his eyes scanned the ship, they caught a flash of white armor through the door. LG-6758. He was going to be obliterated along with the ship, a final blow to the horrible fate Hux handed him. With newfound energy, Hux hoisted himself to his feet. Left foot. Right foot. Left foot. Right foot. No pause. Hux inched himself back onto the ship, feeling it twist under his weight. He was walking on thin ice, sure to go under if he did not plan every movement perfectly. LG-6758 had not moved, nor had Hux expected him to. Thankfully, he was located far closer to the door than Kylo had been. He was also significantly smaller. Hux felt a twinge of guilt for feeling so relieved. There was no time for feelings, he decided, and set to work on lifting the stormtrooper’s body. This time, Hux was more gentle. While he flung Kylo around like a child with a doll, he did his best to support LG-6758 to keep him from crumpling. A good General put his soldiers before himself. The ship shrieked beneath them. A good General did not leave any man behind. The ground began to shake. A good General did his best for his men. Hux heard the harsh cracking of sparks behind them. With an arm wrapped around the trooper’s waist, Hux managed to pull the two of them out of the wreckage. He stalked past Kylo Ren, noticing a tall rock formation just a few hundred feet away. LG-6758 was placed beneath it delicately, and Hux stared at him for a moment. Even inside the shadowy ship, the cold look in the trooper’s eyes was unmistakable. But beneath the harsh sun, it was unforgiving. Hux stood over his soldier, his soldier he reminded himself, and felt the crushing weight of what he had done. Streaks of crimson stained the once pristine uniform. The blood was stark against the white of the uniform, cracked in places where it had dried already. There were parts chipped off, entire chunks missing, and for the first time Hux saw the skin of the man clearly. The gashes that lined the exposed skin had stopped bleeding, but they still shone a horrific red under the desert sun. Hux counted those that he could see. Eight. The last number in the man’s serial, a cruel joke. The only part of the trooper that remained preserved was his face. The helmet, still clutched tightly in Hux’s right hand, had taken a beating. But his face was intact. It bore a look of complete and utter panic, but it was unscathed otherwise. “I’m sorry,” Hux spoke gruffly, standing at attention before his soldier, his soldier. With a stiff salute, Hux pulled himself back into the reality of the situation. Only a few dozen seconds had passed since he set LG-6758 in the sand, but it seemed like he had been staring at the man for a lifetime. Kylo Ren’s body laid in the sand a few hundred feet away, far too close to the ship. Hux had made the effort of dragging him out of that damned wreck, and he wasn’t about to let him be blown away from an explosion now. Hux had lost one member of the mission that day, and countless others on the base. He was not going to lose another, no matter how much he hated him and blamed him for the entire situation. With newfound energy, Hux crossed the desert back to where Kylo laid. The wind had been blowing, covering Ren in a thin layer of sand. His face was glossed in sweat, his hair sticking to various parts of his face. The gash across his cheek was weeping, and Hux tried not to focus on the sand that had been blown into it, or the strands of hair that stuck to it as well. It would be cleaned soon, he told himself, somehow. Like a sign, Hux’s eyes cast to the walkway of the ship. A military issued pack was stuck on one of the gears. Each ship had one, Hux couldn’t believe how foolish he had been not to search for it immediately. Hux made his way over, reaching up to grab the bag. It didn’t budge, despite his tugging. Hux quickly employed the use of both hands, yanking as hard as he could to detach the supplies from the metal pole. On his fifth attempt, Hux went flying backwards with the pack securely in his arms. The strap had ripped, but the bag stayed intact. As he hit the sand, he heard a moan from the ship. Hux scrambled backwards, throwing the good strap around his shoulder as he crawled towards Kylo. They were too close to the ship. Even the rock formation where LG-6758 laid was too close for comfort, but it was the only option now. The adrenaline coursing through his veins eliminated aspects of the pain. Hux used it to his advantage, knowing full well that he was likely to hurt himself further in the process. That didn’t matter, at the moment. Kylo’s arm was looped around his shoulder, and Hux stood up abruptly. Kylo rose with him, hanging from his side limply. It was a far worse position than having the man over his shoulder, but there was no time to figure out a way to make that happen. Left foot. Right foot. Left foot. Right foot. Keep moving. Hux went as quickly as he could, counting the seconds between each screech of the ship behind them. It hadn’t been more than fifteen minutes since he woke up, yet it seemed like an entire afternoon. This trek particularly. “We can make it, we can make it,” Hux chanted to himself, eyes narrow in determination as he set his sights on the rock. Kylo’s legs dragged along the sand, slowing them down further. Hux let out a huff of exasperation, realizing that the few seconds taken to readjust would be made up for momentarily. Kylo’s legs were lifted into Hux’s arms, his head lolling onto the other’s shoulder. Bridal style, Hux vaguely recalled the name of the position. Kylo Ren should want to marry him after the sacrifices he made to save his life. The tracks marking their progress were obliterated as quickly as they were made, the winds picking up with every step Hux took. It seemed almost as if their fate was to be buried where they stood. Perhaps, Hux considered, it would protect their bodies from the blast. Delirious, dehydrated, and on the verge of heat exhaustion, Hux approached the structure. Kylo Ren was set, as gently as humanly possible for Hux in the moment, beside LG-6758. Hux collapsed beside them, hitting the sand with the dull thud. The collar of his uniform was tugged up to prevent sand from seeping into his mouth. Hux was somewhere between wanting to rip his uniform off of his body and wanting to hide himself within it. The heat contributing to the first option, the pesky sand to the latter. The first sounds of explosion did not shake him. Hux laid in the sand, on the verge of drifting into unconsciousness again, when the ship began to erupt. It was nothing that he hadn’t heard before, nothing he hadn’t seen before even. The ground tremored beneath them, and Hux knew the ship was gearing up for one final meltdown. He lifted his head, noticing that Kylo’s eyes had opened and were now focused on him. For a moment, Hux didn’t recognize him. There was a sense of innocence in his gaze that he had never shown before. There was fear, there was confusion, there was pleading. Kylo’s eyes struggled to stay open as he attempted to turn his head to no avail. With every bang, Kylo jerked, looking more frightened than before. Hux didn’t understand. The majority of the time, Kylo was in charge of bumps and bangs. Yet now, he shied away from them. Something was off in his demeanor. Hux realized, quickly, how serious the final explosion would be. From his spot, exposed beyond the rock, there was a chance he could be hit with shrapnel. After all of his work, he would be damned if he died due to a loose piece of metal. Hux clawed his way across the sand, minimizing the five or so foot distance between him and Kylo Ren. Kylo’s head rolled slightly, his eyes fluttering closed. His body stopped jerking at the bangs, and his shoulders slumped once again as he fell back into his previous state. Hux pulled himself under the overhang of the rock, crowded up next to Kylo. With two fingers, he reached up to check the other man’s pulse. Faint, he noted, but steady. Kylo Ren hadn’t died yet. The pack was pulled into his lap, and Hux used it as a shield of sorts. It was a last ditch effort to protect himself from whatever may come. The desert winds howled, and Hux waited impatiently for the bang that would signify the end to this turmoil. It came suddenly, with a horrific flash of light and a heat wave that rivaled the desert sun. Hux choked back a gasp, clutching tightly to the pack in his hands so he wouldn’t lose it. This was their life source, he reminded himself, don’t let go. The case for letting go was far louder, however, as Hux could feel his already blistered hands burning from the wake of the blast. It would be easy to pull them into his sleeves, to cover himself with his arms as his instincts begged him to do. Hux held even tighter when his body begged for release. The sand whirled around them, and Hux realized suddenly that the man beside him was completely exposed. Quickly, he grabbed hold of Ren’s cape and tugged it up to cover his face. His own skin was exposed, scraped along the gritty sand, but Hux just squeezed his eyes closed and hoped for the best. It took a long time for the sand storm to settle. Hux huddled against Kylo, blocking his exposed skin from getting too dirty. The cape shifted to cover the both of them, resembling a small tent over their heads. It was hot, and humid, and overbearing underneath the thick cloak. With every passing second, it became harder to breathe. Hux squeezed his eyes closed tighter, waiting on the sound of the howling wind to cease. Two fingers remained against Kylo’s neck, feeling for the weak pulse. It stayed steady throughout their entrapment beneath the cape, and Hux focused on the thudding beat to remain calm. Finally, the sand stopped whipping against his leg. Hux took this as a sign that the flurry settled, and cautiously poked his head out. The rush of fresh air was a godsend, and he greedily sucked it in as the cape dropped to his lap. Around him, the dunes looked to have shifted from the blast. Their lower legs were covered in a thick layer of sand. The ship behind them was gone, replaced with jagged hunks of metal strewn across the landscape. Beside them, LG-6758 had not moved an inch. Hux reached out in an attempt to brush some of the sand from his face, fingers curving against the already overheated skin. “We’ve stayed too long as it is,” Hux murmured, voice thick from a lack of water. It was as if he was explaining himself to the soldier, like the man could hear him. Hux didn’t know why he said it, but he couldn’t stop. “They’ll be here soon, to scour for survivors. Especially since Kylo was aboard,” Hux continued, and the unblinking eyes stared past him. Hux forced himself to look away. The sand covered every inch of the man, and made him look far worse than he had before. Hux turned back and stuck out a hand, carefully closing the eyelids of LG-6758. It made the body look more peaceful, Hux thought. It relieved him of some of the nagging guilt he could not shake. “I don’t want to die,” Hux whispered, his ability to speak worsening despite his efforts. Hux took the trooper’s helmet into his hands, amazed at how pristine it looked despite everything that happened. With some polish and a little work, it could be back to regulation standards. On The Finalizer and Starkiller, troopers weren’t allowed to be seen without their helmets, unless they had permission. It was an effort to dehumanize them, to force them into conformity. Hux was a strict enforcer of the rule. LG-6758 lived the majority of his life through the helmet. LG-6758 died in the helmet, unable to see his last few moments clearly through his own eyes. Hux stood up abruptly, the helmet still clenched tightly in his hand. For some reason, he could not drop it. It was heavier than he had realized. He imagined living a life behind the thick glass. With one final salute, General Hux, previously of the First Order, stepped back and tore his eyes away from the soldier for the last time. He made his way back to Kylo Ren, whose head was resting against the sandstone. His mouth hung open slightly, and he was drenched in sweat everywhere visible. It wasn’t the most flattering look, Hux noted. Looking at the sun’s position in the sky, Hux knew that they needed to get moving. Desert planets during the day were difficult to survive in, desert planets are night were nearly impossible. If the harsh cold didn’t get them, the monsters stalking them would. Hux loomed over Kylo, running over various plans in his head. He went through seven before he decided on the one that would hopefully work the best. On his front, the survival pack hung with its single strap. On his back, Kylo Ren rested against him. Hux shifted, adjusting the deadweight on him. Already he felt like he was going to pass out, but he couldn’t let that happen. A reconnaissance team was surely already on their way, and Hux could only hope that the tracker of the ship had been damaged enough in the initial blast to give them enough time. Left foot. Right foot. Left foot. Right foot. Breathe. Hux bit back a whine, focusing purely on his trek across the desert. His collar was up around his mouth, and though breathing was difficult it beat the potential stream of sand rushing into him. There had to be something around. A city. A village. Hell, Hux would settle for a cave at this point. They just needed a place to rest for the night. What he did find, Hux decided, would do splendidly. In the distance, a carrier ship laid tilted on one side. It had crashed a long time ago, that much was clear. Hux only hoped that it was as abandoned as it looked. They moved slower than he wanted, but at least they were making progress. Hux groaned under the weight, the newfound motivation quickly wearing thin as they moved through the dunes. It was almost over, he promised himself, soon they could rest. When Hux’s foot shifted from sand to metal, he let out a thankful huff. The door closest to the entrance they slipped in from was wedged open halfway, and Hux dragged Kylo through it. There was a bench in the corner where he set Kylo down. The man hadn’t stirred since before the explosion, and he was unlikely to wake now. Hux left himself relax for half a moment. And then he set to work. Kylo’s hands were restrained with ties provided in the pack, strapped securely to the bars of the bench. It twisted his right arm in a way that looked less than comfortable, but Hux decided that safety was more important than Kylo’s arm cramping up a little bit. Hux had stripped Kylo of his thick robes, worried about both heat exhaustion as well as the injury underneath. He hadn’t realized before, but there was a deep wound on Kylo’s side that looked like it might have come from a blaster. Cuts lined his body from the lightsaber duel, as well as the crash landing. Dried blood shone through the dim light, and Hux sighed as he took into account the full extent of the outer injuries. This was not going to be easy. The pack was filled with medical supplies, and Hux splayed them out nicely on the ground. While his peers spent the harvest season playing games and lounging about outside, Hux had utilized every single one to its full potential. For three harvest seasons in a row, he dedicated his life to learning the ins and outs of medical care. It might be useful someday, he had thought. Of course Hux was right to be prepared. Without his extensive healing knowledge, there was no way the two of them could make it out of this alive. The amount of water was plentiful, but not infinite. Hux meticulously measured every drop to conserve what he could. Despite desiring to drink an entire jug in one go, he restrained himself to a few sips. Some of the water was used to clean the wounds before they were bandaged. An infection would make matters worse. Hux wanted to do everything in his power to keep things running as smoothly as possible, which was working well enough. Only what was absolutely necessary was used. The rest was packed tightly back in the bag after having been accounted for in a thin black notebook. Hux kept careful inventory of each supply they had. It was impertinent to have a plan. Finally, the two of them were completely bandaged and cleaned to the best of Hux’s ability. Ren laid on the bench in just a pair of leggings, with his broad chest gleaming under the thin veil of sweat. Hux laid beside him on the floor, using the jacket of his uniform as a makeshift pillow. The heavy metal door was pushed closed to cut them off from anything that may be outside. Through the thick glass of a tiny window, Hux watched as the sun began to disappear from the sky. Two moons rose to take its place. “Tatooine,” Hux mumbled to himself, recognizing the sky from a previous mission. The sound of his own voice frightened him. It was rough with dehydration and exhaustion, and Hux worried for a moment that if his eyes closed now they may never open back up. But despite his desperate attempts to stay awake, to watch the door, to make sure he hadn’t sustained a fatal head injury, his body caved. Hux melted into the cool metal of the ground, his overworked muscles relaxing into it. This was okay, he thought, in the morning he would be ready to keep moving. Reaching up to hold onto Kylo’s hand, he checked his pulse one final time as a reminder that his efforts were not for nothing. The steady thump of a heartbeat was the last push he needed to slip into a deep sleep. - The sun bounced off of the gray walls, splashing across Hux’s eyes. He squeezed them closed, curling his body slightly to move away from the light. A heavy black cloak wrapped around his body, and he kicked it off as the room began to heat up once again. Slowly, the previous events came to Hux’s mind. He sat up with a start, looking around the room as observantly as possible. Nothing had changed during his time asleep. The door hadn’t moved an inch, the pack was still resting below the bench, Kylo Ren was still lying above him. However, something was peculiar. Ren’s eyes had opened when he heard the clash of Hux’s jump to his feet. They were bloodshot, half lidded as though it was too much work to open them further. His mouth open and closed slightly as his gaze met Hux’s. Hux nodded curtly, understanding the meaning behind the motion. Stooping over, he snatched the pack from beneath the bench and unhooked the pocket holding the jug of water. Relief washed across Ren’s eyes. Hux filled a small tin cup, with only as much as he deemed completely necessary, and knelt beside the bench. At this angle, he could hold the cup to Ren’s lips. The Knight drank it up greedily, his tongue darting out to lap up every remaining drop. “More,” he rasped. Hux did not answer, only poured a little more into the cup in response. Kylo’s eyes stayed on the water, desperately tugging at his restraints to reach out for it. Hux lifted the cup to his own lips, and drank its contents. The look of complete and utter devastation that plagued Kylo’s face made Hux smirk slightly. The rationing of the water was practical. This was only a perk. The action brought something new to Ren’s face, something more urgent. He tugged against the restraints again, yelping when they cut into his skin. Hux sat cross legged on the floor, scrawling away in his notebook. “Please,” Kylo begged, giving up on his yanking for a moment, “Don’t hurt me, just let me go, please,” Hux did not flinch. He simply reread the list of supplies he had written and went over his rationing process. Last night it had made the most sense, but he was on the verge of exhaustion. He wanted to make sure it was the best plan possible now that he was within his right mind. “Pleading suits you,” Hux noted, “It’s a shame you don’t do so more often,” Kylo let out a whimper, which was enough to draw Hux’s eyes up to him. This, the great Kylo Ren, was what he had been reduced to. A sniveling mess. Hux had rarely ever felt so pleased. “Something is wrong,” Kylo continued, and Hux noticed the edge in his voice, “I can’t- I don’t remember,” Hux narrowed his eyes, studying the wild terror in the other man’s expression. Kylo was a snake, there was no doubt about that, but could he fake such genuity? Hux decided that he couldn’t be too careful and went back to his work. “You don’t remember what?” Hux asked plainly, “How we ended up here?” “No, I,” Kylo’s breathing had become irregular, as labored as it was after the crash, “Anything. I don’t remember anything,” Hux paused, letting a sliver of his intrigue show at the statement. Kylo Ren, one of the most powerful Force users in the galaxy, leader of the Knights of Ren, the Jedi Slayer, could not remember who he was. “Anything at all?” Hux clarified, his suspicion apparent. “Not even my name,” Kylo answered without a beat, gaze pleading. “Well that’s no shame,” Hux mused, “Your name is as ugly as that gash on your face,” Kylo pouted slightly, wiggling his nose to feel the bandage that rubbed against it. Had his wrists been freed, Hux suspected he would self consciously run a hand over the patch job. “Well,” Kylo frowned, “What is it then?” Hux stared at him for a moment. This man before him, sniveling and groveling and pleading, was not the Kylo Ren he had known and worked with. This was someone else entirely. It felt almost wrong to brand him with the name of a mighty Knight, when he couldn’t even pull against his restraints without whining. “Ben,” Hux stared back into his lap, “Ben Naberrie,” The name came quickly to his mind, and Hux felt self pride swell at the idea. There were several aspects to his reasoning that had all come together to find this perfect fit. For one, it wasn’t a lie, really. It might not have been the full truth, but it was accurate in some sense. Kylo Ren was born as into the name Ben. It was after the Jedi Master, Obi Wan Kenobi, from what Hux understood. However, his real last name had been Solo. Or, perhaps, Solo-Organa. It depended on the article. He was the grandson of Lord Vader, the son of General Leia Organa, famous throughout the galaxy before he had even come into the world. That name, Ben Solo, that was too obvious. There was a chance that he could find out the truth about his past by searching the name, and though Hux knew that it was slim he would get access to research he needed to cover every base. Even Organa was too risky. Leia was the General of the Resistance, a woman that spent the majority of her life in the public spotlight. After the destruction of Alderaan, she was one of the few remaining Organas. The name was too high profile. So, he needed another name. Nothing in his studies could be found on Han Solo’s origins, like his mother’s name, so that was out of the running. Obviously, Hux would never refer to the man as a Skywalker. That was just asking for trouble. And so, it came down to Ben’s maternal grandmother’s name. Padme Amidala. Queen of Naboo at the age of fourteen, Senator of Naboo after her term ended. However, the name still stuck out. Queen Amidala was so beloved by her people that they had attempted to alter their Constitution to keep her in office as the monarch. Even decades later, her name still circled around the galaxy. She was the woman that had married Anakin Skywalker, the most infamous name in modern history. She was the woman that had given birth to Luke Skywalker and Leia Organa, the rebels that saved the Republic from the Empire. Had an individual not known her work as a Senator, which Hux believed to be absolutely incredible, they would surely know of her due to her ties to the Skywalkers. Amidala was as dangerous of a name to use as any other. Naberrie. That was the name that Hux chose. It was Padme’s birth name, the surname of her family. When she was elected queen, she took on the name Amidala. But to her family and friends, she was Padme Naberrie. Now, the name was passed along to her grandson. It was inconspicuous, but true in a manner of speaking. Hux knew that his overly extensive research of Kylo Ren and his history was well worth it, and this was only further proof. “I think it’s a nice name,” Ben scoffed, his gaze steady on Hux. “Maybe I’m lying to you,” Hux rummaged through the pack, “Maybe your name is really Bantha Fodder Kriff and I’m just trying to spare your feelings,” “You don’t really seem like the type of person to care about someone else’s feelings,” Ben grumbled. “And how would you know?” Hux asked innocently, “I’m the only person you can remember meeting,” Ben didn’t answer. He just shifted his gaze to stare up at the ceiling. His hands never stopped moving, tugging against the restraints at some points and tapping his fingers together at others. Hux carried on with his inventory. “Why am I tied down?” Ben broke the silence again. “Because I don’t trust you,” Hux answered easily. Ben didn’t like that response. “Why not?” he pressed on, “What did I do?” “You’ve made my life a living hell for years,” Hux spoke with a level tone, “You ruined everything I have spent every ounce of my energy working on because you don’t know how to keep your emotions in check,” Ben was silent as he mulled over the words. A heavy buzz hung in the air, and Hux could feel the influx of questions hanging on the tip of the other man’s tongue. In his head, he went over various stories that he could tell Ben to shut him up. “I’m sorry,” Ben spoke up finally. Hux’s head whipped up, and he stared at Ben incredulously. The words that came out of his mouth were the last that he could have ever expected. “Excuse me?” Hux tested slowly, unsure as to whether or not his mind was playing tricks on him. “I’m sorry that I did that for… for whatever reason,” Ben scrunched his nose up, “Do we not like each other?” Hux set his notepad down slowly, unsure as to how he should handle this situation. Ben looked as innocent and confused as ever, and he wondered if this memory loss would really last. It was in his best interest that it remained permanent, but Hux knew that was wishful thinking. “Despise, is a better word,” Hux confirmed with a nod. Ben narrowed his eyes, searching Hux’s face for a sign of deceit. There was none. Hux meant the words completely and totally. There had never been more than force professionalism between them, and even that was a stretch due to Ren’s inability to control his feelings. “Then why didn’t you let me die?” Ben asked curiously. “I thought you said you remembered nothing,” Hux gritted his teeth, “A lying cheat even without your memory, why am I not surprised,” “I remember being on the ship,” Ben answered quietly, “I remember that red light, and how scared you looked to be holding it over me. I remember you carrying me on your back-” “I,” Hux seethed, “Was not scared. I was furious, because you had just ruined my entire life due to your childish emotions, and your inability to grow up and get over yourself,” Ben flinched back as Hux’s voice rose, unsure of what to do or say to make the situation less hostile. His mouth opened to speak, but no words came out. Hux liked him better that way. Rising to his feet, Hux latched the pack closed and pushed it underneath the bench. He loomed over Ben, eyes unforgiving as they stared harshly down at him. Ben squirmed under the pressure, and Hux forced back a smirk to hold as menacing of a look as possible. It worked. Turning on his heel, Hux crossed the room to stop in front of the door. The room was fine for the night, but if they were to survive he needed to know what they were up against. Exploring the ship and the surrounding desert was the best method in doing that. The heavy door creaked as Hux pushed it, the sand in the tracks making the task more than difficult. However, the strength of his rage fueled Hux, and he had it open within no time. One foot stepped across the threshold before he turned back to look at Ben. “For the record, I should have let you die,” Hux spoke indifferently, “And I still might,” With one swift motion, he moved from the doorway to float down the hall, leaving a trembling Ben behind him. - The first thing that Hux noticed when he returned was the blood. It was dripping along the metal floor, pooling in a small puddle where he had slept the night before. Ben, obviously, had been testing his restraints during his time away. It was to no avail, obviously as they were Grade A First Order supply. Hux, obviously, was furious at the situation. “If your desire is to bleed out,” he snapped, setting the various supplied he had scavenged down next to the pack, “You should have let me know. I wouldn’t have wasted the medical supplies trying to patch you up,” Ben didn’t say anything. He just stared the opposite way at the wall. His eyes were glassed over, as if he had been crying, and he harbored a similar look to that of which LG-6758 had after the ship went down. “I suppose this is the thanks I get,” Hux continued, retrieving the medical kit from the bag, “For dragging your pathetic, limp body halfway across a desert,” Ben’s gaze remained focused on the wall. Hux felt offended by the lack of respect. It seemed that Ben Naberrie was far more similar to Kylo Ren than he had hoped. What a shame. Hux considered letting the wounds fester, fill with sand, infect themselves with whatever was in the air on the ship. That would show Ben, he thought. However, he couldn’t bring himself to do it. It left too much up in the air. Things could turn sour fast, and Hux hadn’t helped this man all this way to let him die of a shallow cut. And so, he set to work again. Without removing the restraints, he delicately cleaned the blood that had crusted over already. Placing pressure on the wound, he held it tightly until the bleeding ceased completely. Then came the gauze. “You’re using up all of the bandages,” Hux grumbled, “Soon I’ll have to rip apart the cloak,” “Is the cloak mine?” Ben asked, still facing the opposite way. “Yes,” Hux answered slowly, unsure as to why it would have mattered. “Can I feel it?” he murmured. “It’s covered in sand, and smells absolutely foul from the-” Hux started. “Please,” Ben whispered, squeezing his eyes closed tightly. Hux could have scolded him for interrupting. He could have stood up and walked out of the door again, just to prove that he was in charge and that Ben had absolutely no business asking for anything. But he didn’t. Instead, Hux turned around from his spot on the ground and retrieved the tattered cape. There were holes and singed areas. It resembled that of a dirty blanket at the moment. Hux gently placed it on Ben’s lap where his hands could reach it. Ben grabbed it immediately, clutching onto the fabric so tightly his knuckles turned white. Straining his neck, he stared at the cape. It was in a horrible state, but he looked at it as if it was the most beautiful thing in the world. “Thank you,” Ben breathed. Hux sat silently, unsure as to how he should read the situation. Ben was already on the cusp of going insane, and it hadn’t even been a full day since he woke up. Hux wondered again if this was more trouble than it was worth. “I keep trying to remember anything,” Ben explained quietly, “All I can remember is pain, and thirst, and fear,” Hux nodded slowly, trying to show his understanding. It hadn’t occurred to him how difficult it would be for Ben to survive solely on bad memories. Even Hux indulged himself in nostalgia now and then, though rarely. “I just want to have something nice,” Ben admitted, “Something other than blood and metal walls,” “Poetic,” Hux hummed, voice edging on irritated. “Your face is the nicest memory that I have,” Ben confessed quietly, and Hux coughed abruptly. It was pathetic, really, to see Ben groveling again. He had long since stopped pulling at his restraints, but Hux couldn’t be sure that he would remain still after the conversation ended. Ben was dying where he laid, not due to sustained injuries but a broken spirit. In any normal case, a broken spirit would be Hux’s number one priority. It was how he kept his subordinates in line. But here, on Tatooine, maybe Ben shouldn’t be considered his subordinate. It certainly wasn’t going to lift the mood of the room. “Survive on that, then,” Hux snapped instead, “You’ll be seeing plenty of it,” Ben’s expression stilled into something distant. For a moment, his eyes held on steadily to Hux’s. Hux became uncomfortable quickly with the utter sadness he was met with. He tore his gaze away, turning his attention back to the supplies he had scrounged up. Ben shifted slightly, in an attempt to find a comfortable position, but quickly gave up in that endeavor. He faced the wall again, eyes centered on one rusty bolt directly in front of him. Hux coughed, blaming the sand for the odd scratchiness of his throat. Pulling out his notebook, he tallied everything that he had collected. He made sure to count everything three times, just to be sure of the numbers. From across the room, he heard gentle snoring. Hux felt relieved that Ben was no longer awake to whine about his lack of pleasant memories. It wasn’t like Hux was complaining about the horrible few days he was having, due to Kylo Ren he reminded himself. If Ben was so bitter, he might as well fight his alter ego instead of guilt tripping Hux. It was likely to do more for him than speaking to Hux would. So what if he didn’t have anything nice to draw back on? It hadn’t even been a day. Hux decided that Ben was overtired and being dramatic. It was an easy conclusion to come to when he himself could not feel the inner turmoil that Ben felt, stuck alone with his thoughts and never ending confusion all day while Hux ran around exploring. “Tell me something nice,” Ben murmured, and Hux buried his face in his hands out of anguish. “Sleep,” Hux commanded. “Why do we despise each other?” Ben continued. “If you don’t rest, you won’t heal,” Hux reminded him. “Was I as mean to you as you are to me?” Ben inquired. Hux scoffed. “Worse,” he answered immediately. “Wow,” Ben whistled, “I sound horrible,” “You are,” Hux agreed. “Were,” Ben corrected softly. Hux turned to look at him, and found that Ben’s eyes were already glued to him. He shifted uncomfortably under the weight of the stare, and went back to packing the bag to fit everything. “What was I like?” Ben implored. “Why does it matter?” Hux argued, “You’re like a hard drive wiped clean. There’s no getting back that horrific personality, no matter how hard you try,” Ben was silent for a moment, and Hux kept his eyes on his hands. He didn’t want to know the look he was receiving from the other man. It wasn’t difficult to guess how heartbroken it might be. “Just one thing,” Ben quavered. Hux refused to feel sympathetic. “You used to wear a mask,” Hux informed him, “It was black and automated your voice,” “What?” Ben replied, “Why did I do that?” “Because you’re the most dramatic person alive,” Hux grumbled under his breath. Ben nodded as he considered the thought. He looked almost as if he didn’t believe Hux, but glancing at the thick cape still sitting in his hands, a mask didn’t seem very far off. They would match well together, after all. “I wore it a lot?” Ben inquired. “Almost always,” Hux affirmed, “I had only seen your face a number of times before the crash,” Ben considered the fact, and Hux held his weak hope that perhaps this would be the end of the questioning. He had given him one thing, that was what Ben asked for. In fact, Hux had even answered a question after that, which was not the original deal. “Am I pretty?” Ben asked, and Hux almost choked on the deep breath he was sucking in. “Excuse me?” Hux seethed, obviously not interested in answering the question. “I just mean,” Ben sighed, “That I don’t know what I look like. And you do. So, am I pretty? Or is it a more masculine form of beauty? I’m not ugly, right?” Hux groaned as he packed the last of the counted supplies away, latching the hook finally. This was not what he wanted to be discussing. In fact, he didn’t want to be speaking at all. Hux just wanted to lay down and try to get a few hours rest before he set out in search of civilization, but Ben was intent on yapping away. “You’re not too gross looking, I guess,” Hux answered, tone bitter. Ben scoffed from his spot across the room, and Hux allowed himself a triumphant smile. Of course, Ben would be the type to throw temper tantrums as well. There was still Kylo in him after all, even if he didn’t realize it. Hux unfolded his uniform jacket from its spot under the bench, rucking it into a makeshift pillow. Sleeping might be slightly more difficult without the cloak he used as a blanket the night before, but Ben did not look eager to give that up. Plus, Hux reminded himself, it smelled disgusting. “Can I ask you a question?” Ben yawned, the bench creaking as he shifted to stretch out his limbs. “No,” Hux remarked, using a warning tone. “What’s your name?” Ben pestered. Hux furrowed his eyebrows, suddenly overcome with the realization that he had never given Ben his name in return. He felt slightly flustered at having forgotten to do so, and cursed the heat for diminishing his usual brain power. It would make sense to create a pseudonym, just as he had done for Ben, but Hux couldn’t bring himself to do it. There was so much mystery around the situation, so much he had already stretched the truth for, that he couldn’t bring himself to create another fake identity. Maybe it was the heat, maybe it was the exhaustion that had his bones aching to their core, maybe it was his secret need for something more intimate in his life, but he gave Ben the answer that put himself in the most jeopardy. “Hux,” he answered finally, and Ben let out a curious noise. “Hux,” Ben tested the waters, and Hux tried not to think about how much better his name sounded coming from Ben’s mouth as opposed to Kylo’s, “Is that your full name? Nickname? First name?” “You just won’t shut up, will you?” Hux complained, rolling onto his back to stare up at the ceiling. The sunset painted the metal walls a softer shade of gray, and his eyes traced along the hues of pinks and reds outside the window. From Ben’s spot on the bench, he couldn’t see out the window. Hux wondered if he might count the sunset as a nice memory. “Full name,” Hux answered finally. It was the only name he had gone by, besides General, in years. Ever since his days at the Academy, ‘Brendol’ just wasn’t fitting. Brendol was his father. Brendol was the man that he had let down in every conceivable way possible. Brendol was that man that he would never, especially now, gain the approval of. Hux wasn’t Brendol. “It’s a nice name,” Ben offered, seemingly aware of the tension. Hux only thanked the maker that Ben didn’t ask any further questions about his name. He was tired, he was too hot, he was thirsty. The only thing that he wanted was silence and a chance to close his eyes. Ben gave him that, finally. They laid in a comfortable silence, the only sound being Ben’s jagged breathing. Due to a few broken ribs, he was unable to even breathe quietly. Hux found, though he hated to admit it, that the sound of Ben’s breathing soothed him. It reminded him that he was not alone. It assured him that his companion was still alive. It lulled some of the anxiety that rode up in his chest. “Hey,” Ben spoke up again. “What,” Hux growled, burying his face in his arms in an attempt to block out Ben’s voice. “I have to pee,” Ben sighed, voice hinting that he was about as pleased with the situation as Hux. Hux felt about ready to scream. - It was nine mornings after they crashed that the reconnaissance ships arrived. Hux was making his morning trek through the desert, exploring a southern path in some hope of finding civilization when he heard the buzz. TIE Fighters whipped across the sky in the distance, and Hux recognized the place they were headed. It was the initial crash site, where the ship had exploded and left nothing more than a few hunks of metal behind. There was no reason to be nervous, Hux promised himself, it looked as if they had died in the crash. But deep down, Hux knew that it wasn’t enough. Snoke was too powerful, he knew too much without needing explanation. In the horizon, Hux noticed a ship similar to the one that they had flown to Tatooine. The Knights of Ren. Of course, he realized, they were searching for Kylo. He was their leader, afterall. It only made sense that they had come in hopes of finding him. Hux felt his legs pick up before he realized he told them to, and before long he was barrelling back to the ship. He had to get to Ben before they did. Hux didn’t know why he was so intent on keeping the man to himself, but he refused to give him up. The previous six days had been filled with awkward, one sided conversations in which Ben begged to know more about his past and Hux responded with mundane and general facts. Getting too into detail was dangerous, anything could trigger memory recollection. And then Hux would be dead. The sand shifted to metal, and Hux breathlessly burst into the room. Ben’s head picked up slightly to offer him a confused look, and Hux struggled to close the door behind him. “Did you find a tow-” Ben started, but Hux cut him off. “Do you feel anything?” he asked abruptly. “I… well, yeah, Hux,” Ben scrunched his nose up, and a look of horror crossed Hux’s face, “I lost my memory, not my emotions. You know, just because I’m not as off the wall as my former self doesn’t mean that I’m feeling-less. In fact, I happen to have…” Ben droned on, but Hux blocked his voice out. “But nothing,” Hux furrowed his eyebrows, trying to determine the proper phrasing for the question, “Nothing abnormal? Like, uh, inexplicable? Mystical?” Ben stopped his speech, and in turn shot Hux a look of utter bewilderment. It was obvious that Ben had no idea what Hux was talking about, and he could have shouted with glee as the heavy waves of relief rushed through his veins. If Ben couldn’t feel the other Knights through his connection with the force, then perhaps they could not feel him either. Maybe, Hux hoped, just maybe his connection had been severed during the crash. Without the mind of Kylo Ren, he could not have the power of Kylo Ren. Hux slumped against the door, his knees bending as he slid down to sit on the ground. Ben watched him from his spot on the bench, trying to decode the situation. “I think the heat is getting to me,” Hux lied easily, keeping his eyes on the window to watch for any approaching ships. If they were found, they were doomed. There was no explaining why Kylo Ren, leader of the Knights of Ren, was broken and battered and strapped to a bench. Especially when they could pick through his thoughts with such ease. “You seem,” Ben tried carefully, racking his brain for the right words, “Anxious,” Hux shot him a warning look, and Ben’s mouth closed just as quickly as it opened. During their time together, he had learned not to press too far. Hux didn’t have an immense amount of patience when it came to prodding questions. “Like I said,” Hux reiterated, “It’s the heat,” Outside the ship, he heard the familiar buzz of the TIE Fighters. Hux clutched his fists tightly, watching Ben so that he would notice any shift in demeanor. There was still time for the Knights of Ren to contact him through the Force, however they managed to do that. Ben only looked worried as he stared back at Hux, the familiar look of utter confusion plaguing his face. Neither budged to speak what was truly on their mind. They only held each other’s gaze and latched onto the thick silence. “Hux,” Ben whispered, and Hux rolled his eyes, “What’s that noise?” Hux knew that Ben wasn’t an idiot. Even without his memory, it wasn’t difficult to pick up on Hux’s shift in mood. This was not how he usually acted. There were not usually noises coming from outside of the ship. Ben could put the pieces together. To this point, the discussion of Ben’s past was general. It was more based on personality and weird mannerisms, of which Hux had a nearly infinite amount. It had seemed to be enough for some time, just for Ben to know who he was before the crash. Now, that wasn’t the case. The lingering curiosity regarding just how they ended up on this planet had been gnawing at Ben for some time, that much was clear. The questioning had only amped up, despite Hux’s curt and usually rude attempts to stop it. And so, he had to make a decision. To tell Ben the truth about how they ended up here, a truth that could end in a variety of horrible ways, or to tell him something of a lie. Hux had never liked liars. He hated that he was considering becoming one. “TIE Fighters,” Hux answered plainly. Ben huffed in indignation. It obviously wasn’t the answer he was looking for, he didn’t know what a TIE Fighter was. How should that help quell his confusion? Hux smirked from his spot in front of the door and took to examining his nails. “Are you going to make me beg you for answers?” Ben whined. “Yes,” Hux answered without hesitation, eyes flicking up to meet Ben’s in a challenge. Ben scrunched up his face, clearly frustrated with the situation. He had no power, nothing to hold over Hux’s head, nothing to bargain with. And Hux had everything. It was unfair, and yet Hux exploited it to his advantage every chance he had. “Please, Hux,” Ben’s voice was gruff, tinged with annoyance. Hux was unphased. His gaze dipped down to his nails once again, and he scratched at a few of the cuticles to keep them in shape. The rest of his appearance was far more disheveled than he preferred, but that didn’t mean his nails had to look the same. “Try to draw from the experience you had begging for your life,” Hux noted, “That was far more satisfying,” Ben scoffed, yanking on his restraints and letting out a little yelp when they rubbed against his still healing wrists. No matter how many times he tried, he still hadn’t given up on the idea of pulling himself free. Hux deemed it idiocy, rather than determination. “Hux,” Ben resigned, finally. Hux melted at the sound of his name coming from those pleading lips. It was what he had wanted for years, and now it was in the palm of his hand. He gave Ben his undivided attention, focusing on the pained expression the man wore. “Please, please, tell me what’s going on,” Ben begged, “Please, I can’t - I just feel so confused all of the time. I can’t take it anymore, I always feel like something bad is about to happen because I have no idea why I’m here, or why someone who so obviously hates me helped me. I don’t know what I did to make you trust me so little that you keep me in restraints, but I’m sorry. I just want to have some idea of what’s happening, I can’t handle feeling like I need to worry for my life every second of my day,” Ben’s voice fell apart as he spoke, his pleading tone quickly turning to something far more desperate. It seemed to Hux, that the little speech was more dire than when he begged for his life. Hux felt no sympathy, he refused. And yet, he had to tug his eyes away from Ben’s face to focus again on his hands. “Just tell me what a TIE Fighter is,” Ben backpedaled, “Please,” “It’s a type of ship,” Hux answered slowly, “They are used by The First Order,” Ben held his tongue for a moment, but his face contorted into something painful. In his quest to find one answer, he now had even more questions. Hux realized then that he could not even imagine losing his own mind, that he would rather die than live in the turmoil that encompassed Ben. “We’re running from The First Order,” Hux spoke up, and surprise flashed across Ben’s face. He hadn’t expected any further detail. “Okay,” he nodded, and Hux watched as he mouthed the words that had come from Hux’s mouth to try them out for himself. It was a habit he had quickly fallen into, making sure to reiterate everything that Hux told him like it would save to his memory that way. “Something… bad happened,” Hux explained quietly, “And they’re hunting us,” Ben’s eyes widened in bewilderment. He clearly hadn’t expected the answers he was receiving. Hux wondered, briefly, what exactly the story that Ben created in his own mind could have been. “The First Order is hunting us?” Ben clarified. “Yes,” Hux affirmed, and Ben looked pleased with himself. “What is The First Order?” Ben inquired. Hux chewed on his lip, trying to find the right words for The First Order. They were an army, he decided, or they had an army. They were a government, in a way, but not entirely. They were a force trying to take over the galaxy? It sounded too harsh. “The Order,” he began finally, “Started as a political organization. They wanted things for the galaxy that rivaled what the majority wanted. And so, they seceded from the main form of government in order to take matters into their own hands,” Ben watched Hux’s face, mouthing the words back to him. Hux found himself entranced by the way his lips moved, and his voice drifted out slightly. It was only when they ceased their movement that he snapped out of his trance, yanking his gaze away. “Does that make sense?” he asked gruffly. “I think so,” Ben nodded quickly, eager to hear more. “The First Order had ideals and methods that matched the Empire, which ruled the galaxy some time before. However, the Empire had been taken out by a band of Rebels,” Hux went on, and noticed the way that Ben struggled to keep up. He slowed his pace of speaking slightly, “Basically, The First Order and the Empire wanted complete and total authority, without representation from the people. The Republic valued the voices of their people, so participated in ruling,” “What way is better?” Ben asked, and Hux drummed his fingers along the metal. “It’s not that easy,” he admitted, “Sometimes progress and order is more essential than the will of the people,” “Did we do something like the Rebels did to the Empire?” Ben continued, “Is that why they’re hunting us?” “No, we,” Hux struggled to find the right words. He tugged at his hair and rested his head on his knees. Ben waited with a patience Hux had yet to see. His eyes were focused steadily on where Hux sat, and he looked almost concerned. The steady hum of the TIE Fighters had long since disappeared, but Hux still felt the anxiety of waiting for them to return. “The First Order created a weapon of mass destruction,” Hux backtracked, the words feeling sour in his mouth, “It was to keep the galaxy in line, to eliminate any rogue resistance groups that popped up to challenge us,” The line felt rehearsed, and Hux noticed the way “us” burned his tongue. Even after running away, he couldn’t help but include himself in The First Order. It was all he had ever known, from the time he was a child. It had been his entire life. The horrible things he had done, they were to bring order to the galaxy. They were to make life better for the majority, even if the minority was affected in a negative way. This was how they would make a perfect empire, through tough decisions. “No,” he heard Kylo Ren’s voice in his head, “you did this for power. You did this for yourself,” “I spent my life working on this weapon, Starkiller we called it,” Hux’s voice trembled slightly, but he quickly corrected it, “We were part of The Order, Ben. You and I. Never on the same page, always disagreeing about methodology, constantly fighting. I was a general and you, you were just a lowly smuggler who somehow managed to win the praise of the Leader,” A look of pure shock crossed Ben’s face. It didn’t add up to him, and he looked to Hux desperately for further explanation. Somehow, this had to fit together. Just barely, Hux thought. Informing Ben of his true power as Kylo Ren was too dangerous. Labeling him as a smuggler, the same as his father, seemed fitting. “Starkiller was destroyed about eight rotations ago,” Hux cleared his throat, “We barely made it out alive. Thousands of others weren’t even this lucky,” Ben’s eyes cast down onto the ground as he mulled over the information. It still didn’t click, Hux knew that. But he didn’t know how to make it fit together. Not without Ben turning against him. Not without ending up alone on this desert planet, with only his regrets to comfort him. “I blamed you because you let the Resistance fighters get to the thermal oscillator, to set off the bombs that destroyed the base,” Hux gritted his teeth, “You let your emotions get the best of you, and here we are now. An outlaw, and a military deserter. If they catch us, I’ll surely be made an example of, to prevent future failure within the Order. If they catch you, I don’t know what they would decide to do,” Ben looked distraught, yet he did not ask further questions. They sat in a cold silence for a long time, with Hux’s eyes stinging from the recount of events. It wasn’t the complete truth, it was biased. But Hux refused to take back his words. “So why did you save me?” Ben whispered, and Hux snapped his head up to meet his gaze. Because I was afraid to be alone, Hux thought. The idea was quickly expunged from his head. It wasn’t the truth, he told himself, it wasn’t the truth. He had been without close ties his entire life, he wasn’t afraid to be now. “I don’t know,” Hux admitted truthfully. - Chapter 3 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) “We need to leave,” Hux ordered gruffly, eyes glued to the pale gray of the horizon. They had a few hours until sunrise, and those hours would be necessary if they were going to cross the desert to find civilization. “I thought you hadn’t found a town yet,” Ben inquired softly, staring up at Hux confusedly. The timid look on his face was ever present at this point, with Ben always finding something to be worried over. Whether it was his lack of understanding, or Hux’s harsh quips, there was a consistent aura of pain that he gave off. “We’re almost out of water,” Hux reminded him, gesturing to the nearly empty jug sitting in the corner of the room, “I would rather die of exposure than dehydration. At least we would be trying something,” Ben did not speak again. He only flexed his wrists against the restraints. After their short time crowded in the metal room together, he had come to learn that challenging Hux never ended well for him. It was easier to leave the planning to the other man. The one strapped pack slipped around Hux’s shoulders, and he tugged at it carefully to make sure it would hold up. The load was lighter than the last time he carried it across the desert, and Hux chewed his bottom lip in the anxiety that racked his brain over finding more supplies. It had been days since the TIE Fighters came and raked the desert, hoping to find a trace of Kylo Ren and General Hux. Through careful observation, Hux had discovered the general area in which the larger ships congregated. This, if Hux could catch a break, would be a town. It was where the soldiers could retrieve supplies or talk to natives in hopes of finding information on their lost crew. The issue was, it could be dozens of miles away. Hux had no way of knowing how far they would have to travel for a stabler home. Home. The word repeated itself in his head as he stared out the thick window. The only home he had ever known was in the past. If there was any chance of survival, he would need to let go of his previous life. Knowing this did not make it any easier. “I can’t carry you across the desert again,” Hux informed Ben, back still turned to him. “I can walk,” Ben assured him in an instant, sitting up as far as he could against his restraints. Hux smiled slightly to himself. Ben was eager, that much was obvious. He was willing to do whatever it took to get and stay on Hux’s good side. That involved a fair amount of pleading, coupled with a surprising trend of sucking up. It pleased Hux, and he didn’t bother hiding it. Hux crossed the room, looming over Ben to study his face. He looked so hopeful, something that he still held despite Hux’s constant bitterness. In one swift motion, Hux cut the restraints loose from the other’s wrists. “I have extras,” Hux reminded him carefully, “In case you abuse this privilege,” “I won’t,” Ben promised, glee washing over his face. The dark haired man stretched his arms out to lengths he hadn’t in weeks, and groaned as the joints cracked under the new movement. He looked elated, and Hux just rolled his eyes as he ushered the other to get moving. “Like I said, we only have a few hours-” he reminded Ben, voice fading out when he noticed the overbearing smile on his face. For a moment, he looked jovial. The innocence on his face was so pure it could have blinded Hux. Until then, Hux hadn’t realized just how young Ben looked. The boyish features of his face were off putting when he remembered every horrible thing the man had done. Hux forced himself to look away, and walked briskly towards the door. It creaked open, grating against the sand as it slid. Thankfully, the ship had been mostly empty save a few barely sentient creatures that burrowed themselves in other rooms. Ben lumbered behind him, teetering as he stretched out his legs. For the most part, he had been cooped up in the corner of the room. There were exceptions, like bathroom breaks or small walks to determine his mobility, but that was it. “First question,” Ben called out, and Hux rolled his eyes. To keep the incessant chatter to a minimum, but satisfy Ben’s thirst for knowledge, Hux had allowed the man five questions per day. They were usually used within the first hour of the morning, which left many uncomfortable silences for the remainder of the time Hux was in the room. “Go ahead,” Hux waved his hand, leading the two of them into the sand. Ben crouched down immediately, looping it through his fingers. The look on his face was almost awe, and he pressed his palm flatly against the sand to watch how deep it could sink. Hux kept moving, clearing his throat as a reminder to keep up. “Right,” Ben hummed excitedly, “What happens if we don’t find civilization by sunrise?” “We keep moving,” Hux answered dully, using his hand as a blinder to the sun. “But, but you said that it gets really hot during the day and that-” Ben started, a twinge of terror in his voice. “Is that your second question?” Hux inquired, and Ben cut himself off. “No,” he mumbled, struggling somewhat to keep up with Hux despite having the longer legs of the two. “Talking will make you thirsty,” Hux noted, “And the water rations are low enough as it is,” Ben sighed, and nodded as he mouthed the words back to Hux. It had become a habit of his. With every piece of information he was given, he would mouth it silently in return. Hux supposed it was a way to try and remember the influx of knowledge he was procuring. From there on, they moved in silence. It was dangerous to be in the Tatooine deserts at night, Hux knew that, but there wasn’t much of a choice. If they were lucky, they would find civilization by morning. However, the trip hadn’t consisted of much luck so far. By the time the sun shone on the horizon, Ben had gone through three more of his questions. Hux answered them curtly to avoid the grit of sand in his mouth, and Ben sighed as the silence took over again. It seemed like they would be walking forever, with only sand in any direction. Ben, surprisingly, was making good time with his movements. Though he struggled more than Hux did, he kept going. The labored breathing reminded Hux of what he had sounded like when they were still trapped on the ship, though he tried to push the memory from his mind. “You’re doing well,” Hux promised Ben when he noticed the helplessness start to take over his expression, “Keep pushing, it’ll be worth it,” The words were soft compared to Hux’s usual comments. Ben looked curiously at him for a moment before he caught his second wind, nodding quickly as he trailed along behind Hux. The bandage wrapped around his face was already dirty from the excursion, and Hux made a mental note to change it as quickly as possible when they were out of the sandstorm. The sun rose quickly once it emerged, and within minutes the two were drenched from sweat. Hux figured that it was a trade off for the potential monsters stalking them in the dark, but he wondered if it was worth it. Ben choked on sand behind him, shoving his shaggy hair from his face as they moved. Hux glanced at the sky, tracing the path of the sun in some attempt to find the time. It was barely a quarter of the way to midday, and he already wanted to give up. “Hux,” Ben rasped, “I need, I need water, I can’t- I can’t breathe. I think I’m really dehydrated,” Hux scanned the desert, pleading silently for some hope. He began to consider their expedition a mistake, and felt the anxiety of lack of control boil his blood. Turning to Ben, he noticed the terror in his gaze. “Give me your hand,” Hux commanded, and Ben did so without a second thought. Hux spread out Ben’s fingers, taking the index finger into his palm. Ben watched his every move, committing the act to memory in case it may be useful someday. It was how he treated every aspect of his life at this point. “Watch,” Hux grumbled, pinching the skin along the index finger of Ben’s knuckle. Ben’s eyes followed the way the skin drooped down slowly, and melded back into the rest of his finger. He looked up at Hux apologetically, obviously not understanding the exercise. “If you were dangerously dehydrated, the skin wouldn’t have gone back down the entire way,” Hux explained, “Now, it did go down slowly, but the important thing is that it went down. Alright? You’re okay,” Hux’s tone was somewhat irritated, but more patient than it had been in the past. Ben nodded slowly, reaching out to pinch his own finger and watch the skin slowly settle back into place. The repeated action brought back some calmness to his demeanor, and Hux nodded gruffly as he turned back to their path. Had he blinked at the wrong time, he may have missed it. Thankfully, Hux had his eyes pointing in the perfect spot, and noticed the shimmer of something slightly northeast. Narrowing his eyes, he noticed the very faint outline of a building in the far distance. “Ben,” Hux exclaimed excitedly, and Ben looked up from his pinching to follow Hux’s gaze. Joy broke across both of their faces, and the pace of the journey picked up significantly. With every step the distance between them and salvation seemed to diminish, and Hux found himself thanking whatever higher power led them to this moment. Ben’s huffing did not subdue, but no longer did he exhibit the usual pained expression. Hope flooded his eyes, and Hux felt himself reciprocate some of that feeling as they moved through the sand. The faint outline of buildings flourished into a city, and Hux let out a strangled cry of appreciation. It was the closest he had come to breaking since the implosion of Starkiller, but he had stuck it out and was rewarded for the determination. In a moment, they were swept into the crowd of the city. Ben followed closely behind Hux, reaching out to hold onto the pack so that they would not be separated. Hux, at this point, was thankful to not have to keep his eye permanently on Ben and could search for some housing instead. “We’re looking for a place to stay,” Hux spoke coolly, sliding up to the counter of a shop owner. Ben cowered behind him, trying to take in the expanse of the city surrounding them. The scraggly hand waved across the street towards another building, and Hux nodded as he dragged Ben along with him. Their amount of credits was extremely limited, barely enough for a week’s worth of supplies and shelter. Hux only hoped he could make it work. - “It’s beautiful,” Ben breathed, eyes scanning the dingy room Hux had acquired. Hux shot him a look, and Ben’s eyebrows furrowed in confusion. Of course Ben thought it was lovely, it wasn’t a tiny metal box like their room in the destroyed ship. However, this wasn’t much better. There was a couch, a bed, a kitchen, and a refresher. Hux deemed it suitable for the amount of credits he paid for it, after having haggled over the price for almost an hour. Setting the supplies he had rounded up on a rickety table, he crossed the room to inspect every inch of it. “Satisfactory,” Hux corrected him, unimpressed, “It’ll do for now,” Ben nodded in agreement quickly, though the excitement was still sketched across his face. His fingers traced over the walls, taking in the different textures that so starkly contrasted with their prior living arrangements. “I’m going to clean up,” Hux sighed, pointing to a spot on the couch, “Sit. Stay,” Ben did as he was told, settling into the cushions. Pure bliss spread across his face as he curled up on the comfortable fabric, and Hux rolled his eyes. From inside the refresher, Hux let himself breathe. They had made it. They were somewhere safe, somewhere moderately comfortable. He had obtained a mechanic job, fixing speeders and ships, that would pay a decent amount. Of course, the arrangements were less than favorable and it was just about the last planet Hux would have preferred, but they were doing fine. They. Somewhere in his planning, Ben had wormed his way to the center. Everything he did unknowingly kept Ben in mind. Hux left the room after a quick wash, and emerged to usher Ben in to get clean as well. When he emerged, however, he noticed the man sprawled out on the couch in a heavy sleep. Kneeling down beside him, Hux went to work changing the dressing on his face. The smell of sweat and dirt could be taken care of later, but the bandages could not wait to be cleaned. The last thing they needed was unnecessary infection. Ben’s eyelashes fluttered slightly as the bandage was removed, and Hux found himself entranced by the innocence on the man’s face. He looked like something out of a dream, something beautiful and soft and pure. It was everything that Kylo Ren was not, but Ben? Maybe Ben could be all of those things and more. “Hux?” Ben murmured, stirring slightly as he lifted his head. His eyes barely opened, and Hux gently pressed his head back to its former position. “Rest now,” he instructed, “I’ll take care of you,” A sleepy smile covered Ben’s face, and he nodded lazily as his head lolled to the side. Hux’s fingers worked carefully, patching up the same man that would kill him if the roles were reversed. Not entirely, he realized. Ben was good. Ben was a better companion than Hux deserved, that much was obvious. In the morning, Hux’s thoughts would probably change. But then, when he was moving his hands along that sleeping body to change every dressing he could reach, Hux was thankful to have him. “Thank you,” Ben whispered, and Hux glanced up to meet the eyes focused on him. “I told you to rest,” Hux reminded him, “Why am I not surprised you didn’t listen,” Ben’s laugh rumbled low in his chest, and left the rest of his body shaking. Hux scoffed, holding him still to finish applying some of the cleaning solution he had been using. “You’re hopeless,” Hux grumbled, dabbing carefully at the exposed flesh. Ben only hummed out something that sounded like an agreement. The stitches that Hux had done so meticulously were healing properly, thankfully, and he smiled with pride at his own work. It had been years since his medical training, but the knowledge held up when he needed it most. “Question five,” Ben’s sleepy voice snapped him from his thoughts, and Hux looked up to find the man staring at him. “Okay,” Hux spoke slowly, sanitizing his hands as he packed up the rest of the supplies. “Will you stay with me for a while?” Ben asked, voice tinged with something that Hux registered as fear. The question took him by surprise, and his hands froze as he packed away a few spare bandages. Hux’s eyes darted up to search Ben’s face, and found only sincerity staring back at him. Stay with him? What did that even mean? Was Hux supposed to stay kneeling by his side, forced to remain on the floor when he could be huddled in his own bed getting some well deserved rest? Of course Kylo Ren would love to see him deduced to this state, on his knees taking care of him. But, Hux realized after a moment, this was not Kylo Ren. This was Ben. “No,” Hux answered stoically, staring straight into Ben’s eyes, “I’m going to bed,” All at once, Hux watched as Ben’s expression crumbled. The hope in his eyes was replaced by a slap from reality, the reminder that the man in front of him was as emotionless as he was ruthless. With a slow nod, he let his head turn to stare at the inside of the couch. Hux stood abruptly, walking briskly to the thin doorway that led into the small bedroom. In lieu of a door hung a curtain that was yanked closed. Hux collapsed onto the bed, wriggling under the thin blanket provided. In his sleepy state, he instinctively reached up to grab Ben’s hand and check the man’s pulse. The only thing he grabbed onto was air. Horrified, Hux tugged his hand back to rest against his chest. The only noise that filled the room was his own soft breathing. Hux strained his ears in some attempt to hear Ben’s ragged breaths, but it was to no avail. He found it difficult to fall asleep without the sound. - It didn’t take long for Hux to fall into a routine. It was what he excelled at, above all else, making sure that his life ran smoothly with few surprises. This did not differ after they settled into the small apartment on Tatooine. Wake up. Go to work. Come home. Change Ben’s bandages. Eat some horribly made food. Sleep. There wasn’t much time to rework the schedule. The only thing that changed day to day was the conversations he shared with Ben. The man spent the majority of his days resting in an attempt to let the worst of his wounds heal, so whenever Hux was around it was as if he could not physically force himself to stop talking. “You know,” Hux huffed as he delicately carved a bite of strange meat to pop into his mouth, “On some planets it is customary to have silent meals,” Ben pouted, poking at the pre-made food in front of him. Hux was always bringing home some cheap take away that he picked up on the way back from work. It was never actually good, but it was edible and cheap. Plus, it meant that Hux didn’t have to spend hours cooking that he could spend planning their departure from the planet, or resting. “I think you would miss this if I just stopped talking,” Ben countered, and Hux raised a knife to point at him. “Careful, Ben,” he warned, and the words shot him back to their time together on the Finalizer. Hux ducked his head down, picking away at the food he suddenly lost his appetite for. Ben just chuckled from his spot across the table, going off about some other random thing that Hux couldn’t bring himself to pay attention to. “I’m… going to bed,” Hux cleared his throat abruptly. “But you’ve barely eaten-” Ben countered, and Hux slammed his hands on the table. “Which is none of your concern,” he barked, and Ben flinched back. Calmly, Hux pushed his chair back and stood up. He brought the plate to the basin, and dropped it inside. Scrubbing at the dish until it gleamed, he ignored the ache in his worked hands until he had finished. Ben still sat in his spot, poking at the food. There wasn’t a night that he had left the table until everything on his plate was gone, like he was terrified every meal may be his last. The only memories he had of food were Hux’s strict rationing, so the man didn’t blame him. “We’re not friends,” Hux announced from his spot at the sink, and Ben flushed a deep red. “I know,” he assured Hux. “I don’t think that you do,” Hux continued, “Between the casual conversation you’re always trying to make, and the incessant staring… I don’t think you understand. So let me spell it out for you,” Hux moved quickly so that he was beside the table again. He placed his hands on the corners to stable himself, and leaned in closely to look Ben directly in the eyes. “I slave over hot machines in the torturous sun for hours a day, consistently eat disgusting food that is on the verge of inedible, and sleep on the most uncomfortable bed in the galaxy. So, if you think that I look forward to coming home and dealing with your whining and babbling, you are severely mistaken. I could leave you whenever I wanted to. And you, being the pathetic and sniveling person that you are, would not survive on your own. Especially a planet like Tatooine. So, I suggest you shut up and try not to irritate me, like you have been from the second you woke up,” Hux snarled. Ben looked up at him, unsure of how to respond. Finally, he nodded and ducked his head down to avoid eye contact. Hux felt satisfied in his words, and collapsed into the chair in front of him to catch his breath. Ben scurried over to the sink to take care of his own dishes, trying to be as quiet as possible in his endeavors. Without another word, he fled from the kitchen to the security of his couch. Hux watched the man run his fingers over the singed cloak, something he had taken to doing several times a day. It was usually when Hux was being particularly harsh or silent, something that he realized in that moment. For Ben, it was the only thing in the world he had behind Hux that meant something, that was a part of his past. It was pathetic to watch him grip that cloak until his knuckles turned white, to breathe in its scent like it might trigger some memories of his past. Pathetic, Hux reminded himself when his heart felt a slight twinge of sympathy. Hux stood up silently, ripping his eyes from where Ben sat curled into himself on the couch, and walked into his room. The only way to shut his own head up was to sleep, but that had become a much more difficult task since their move into the apartment. Routine called for Hux to wake up alone. For him to shower and make sure Ben hadn’t died in his sleep before heading for work. Routine had never before called for the scent of something cooking in the kitchen, but there was an exception for everything. Hux stumbled sleepily out of his room, poking his head around the corner to look into the kitchen. When he saw Ben up and moving around, he was surprised. After their desert crossing, the man couldn’t be up for more than a few minutes at a time before he wavered. Hux noticed that he was leaning against a counter for support, his legs shaking slightly under him, but he made no attempt to find a seat. Instead, he turned to face Hux with a timid smile on his face. “I don’t, um, really know how to cook obviously,” Ben admitted, eyebrows scrunching up, “But I found this old recipe book in the cupboard and this didn’t look so difficult and I just,” Ben cut himself off with a shrug, and Hux waited patiently for the remainder of the explanation. So far, his face had been completely stoic. There was no way for Ben to tell whether or not he was content with the meal spread out before him, and he searched desperately for some sign. “I thought you might like something different to eat for a change,” Ben spoke slowly, and Hux watched as he began to regret the entire idea. “You could have set the entire apartment on fire,” Hux said curtly, and Ben’s gaze dropped to the floor. Hux pulled out his chair, and sat down. This seemed to surprise Ben, who at this point assumed Hux would walk out without much else to say besides some snarky remarks. Rushing to make up a plate, Ben piled the steaming food from several different pots and pans. It was what Hux had expected from Ben’s first cooking experience, by the look of it, and Hux almost pushed the plate away out of disgust. However, when he looked up Ben was looking at him so hopefully he couldn’t bring himself to do it. And so, Hux began to eat the poorly made breakfast. It was on the same level as the takeaway they had been eating for the past few weeks, but at least Ben had an excuse as to why his food was making Hux feel the need to gag. However, he kept his resolve. At some points, he even offered Ben a compliment or two regarding the food. Never had he seen someone look so enthralled over something so small, and it made his heart warm slightly. “This is,” Hux cleared his throat as he finished the last of his meal, “A really good first attempt. I’m impressed,” The compliment sent Ben’s face into a bright flush, and he thanked Hux a half a dozen times before he moved to start cleaning up. It was almost time for Hux to leave, but for the first time he wished he could stay with Ben for a while longer. Maybe it was the fact that he finally had something to take his mind off of the injuries, or that Hux had refrained from souring the mood, but Ben seemed genuinely happy for the moment. It was endearing in a way, for him to be so excited about something so small. Hux made a mental note to stop for more grocery supplies on the way home, instead of their usual takeaway. And if he felt some pride swell from the smile on Ben’s face when he presented him with the food, he ignored it. - Hux loved routine. But, Hux really loved the new routine. It meant that he would wake up to the smell of something cooking, and walk into the kitchen to see a hobbling Ben beaming at him. It meant that he would come home sunburnt and blistering, to an increasingly edible spread on the table. Ben seemed to enjoy the new routine as well, scavenging through the small cookbook the house had come with to find the best and most doable recipes. He presented Hux with lists of groceries, nothing extravagant as he was aware of their tight budget, and practically bounced with excitement when the heavy bags were placed before him. Hux found himself opening up slightly to the dinner conversation, as it distracted him from the horrible aches and pains he procured from working. Ben excitedly discussed the holovids that he had been watching, all carefully screened by Hux before they were handed over, and Hux let himself be soothed by the chattering voice. “And then they did this weird thing with their mouths,” Ben explained his latest holovid, puckering his lips slightly for emphasis. “They kissed?” Hux smirked slightly, quirking an eyebrow. Ben flushed before him, realizing how common of an occurrence it must have been from the way Hux was looking at him. “Uh,” he scratched the side of his head, “That’s when people put their mouths together, yes?” Hux hid his smile as he sipped on his caf, nodding slowly. Ben pushed around his meal with his utensil, the blush having spread down his cheeks to splotch at his neck. “It’s a way to show affection,” Hux explained from his side of the table, and Ben looked up bashfully. “Okay,” he confirmed slowly, mouthing the words to himself. Hux caught himself watching the way Ben’s lips moved. “You really didn’t know what kissing was,” Hux commented curiously, and Ben simply shrugged. “It’s strange,” he explained, “I remember some things, and I don’t remember others. Like… I know what a hug is, but I didn’t know what a kriss-” “Kiss,” Hux corrected gently, eliciting a huff from Ben. “A kiss. I didn’t know what that was until I watched,” Ben explained. “Stars,” Hux whistled, “Don’t expect me to give you a sex education lesson,” Ben looked at more of a loss than ever, trying to place the words. Hux only grinned from his side of the table, and continued to eat what had been placed in front of him. Tonight, it was only slightly burnt on the edges. Ben was improving. “You’re staring,” Hux warned, not needing to look up to know that Ben’s eyes were glued to him. “Right,” Ben’s head dropped from the corner of Hux’s eye, “Sorry,” Hux just hummed, finishing off the last of his drink and rising to bring his dishes to the basin. Ben sat still at the table, unsure of what to do from there. Their encounters often contained awkward pauses, pauses where Ben tried to understand what he should do next in order to appease Hux. “Do you have a list?” Hux asked from his spot across the kitchen. “Yes,” Ben piped up, “It’s by my bed,” The chair creaked against the floor, and Hux distantly registered the mention of a bed. Glancing over his shoulder, he watched Ben approach the beaten down couch to retrieve the small piece of paper. Something in him felt wrong, and he couldn’t place it. “If it’s too much… I can cut it down,” Ben offered quickly, sheepishly holding out the scrawled writing for Hux to look over. Hux dried his hands slowly, reaching out to take the paper. His eyes scanned the list, noticing just how short and sparse it really was. Ben watched him anxiously, almost pleadingly, and Hux felt his stomach stir with something indistinguishable. “It’s fine,” he agreed finally, and Ben grinned happily as he went to set to work on cleaning up after his cooking. Looking around the dingy apartment, Hux remembered Ben’s first reaction to it. Beautiful, he had said. The poor man had nothing to compare it to, save their time on the abandoned ship. He had no memory of the once great places that he lived, of the people that groveled at his feet for less than a glance. And yet, he was happy. Hux watched him hum an unfamiliar tune happily to himself as he worked, and wondered if Ben had more light within himself than the entire galaxy contained. - “We need to leave,” the words tumbled out of Hux’s mouth quickly as he pushed into the house, rifling through their belongings and shoving the most necessary into the half tattered pack. Ben stood blinking from his spot in the kitchen, a spoon in one hand and some strange looking fruit in the other. The last time Hux had said those words resulted in a trip through the Tatooine desert, and the look on Ben’s face showed that concern. “Pack your things,” Hux ordered gruffly, moving into his own room to fold the blanket from the bed. Another bag he had bought for this exact scenario laid in the corner, and Hux moved to take the meticulously folded clothes from his drawers to stuff neatly into it. Moving back to where Ben was, he held out the bag. “Clothes and personals,” he explained bluntly, rushing to the kitchen and refresher to scrounge the last of their supplies. Ben tucked away the tattered cloak into the bag, along with his recipe book. The cheap clothes that Hux had bought for the both of them slipped in easily, and the bag was left with a significant amount of room. “Hux,” Ben called out curiously. “We don’t have time for this, Ben,” Hux barked out, but Ben didn’t flinch. “Tell me what’s happening,” he implored, and Hux looked at him with a mixture of anger and surrender. It was grocery supply day, and so Hux had been poking around the market. During his time on the planet, he had kept to himself for the main part. The city was large enough that he wasn’t likely to see the same faces every day, or be forced to make conversation with them. It was the way that Hux liked it. They were just hidden enough that he could work for money to get them off of the disaster planet, and move somewhere more suitable. With his carefully set plan, two more weeks of work would give the two enough money to buy a nice ship and travel the galaxy to find somewhere that they could not be bothered. Two weeks, however, would be too long. Thanks to his scruffy appearance, long unruly hair and a thick beard, Hux was nearly indistinguishable from his former self. Still, he often wore a hat to cover his brassy hair, just in case someone who knew what they were looking for stumbled along. He knew that he was well known across the galaxy, being the man that fired upon the Hosnian System had certainly extended his reputation, but hearing his title of General used directly behind him sent a shock of terror through his body. “Hux, I think his name is,” the Tatooine merchant crowed, and Hux swallowed thickly, “There’s a bounty on that head like none I’ve ever seen,” “And they say he’s round these parts?” the customer spoke with a low voice, and Hux strained to hear it. “Apparently there’s been some sightings. His ship crashed here, though I don’t know what deserter would be so stupid as to stay on the planet they were tracked to,” the merchant laughed, and Hux tightened his grip on the food his fingers had been ghosting over. He wasn’t stupid, he had a plan. It wasn’t exactly easy to flee the planet on a few credits, especially with an amnesiac by his side. Hux kept his mouth closed, and moved on from the vendor in an attempt to slip away. “But get this,” the vendor squawked loudly, and Hux froze in place, “Snoke’s lackies? Those Knights of Ren? They’re supposedly making a personal stop to follow up on the rumors,” “The wizards?” another voice from the crowd asked in disbelief, but Hux was unable to hear the rest of the conversation over the thudding in his chest. The alleyways led him back to his home, and Hux attempted to rewrite the plan in his head over and over again. They barely had enough credits for the scum of the barrel when looking at ships, and how could they afford fuel and other supplies? Hux crumpled against the wall, his hands rising to cover his ears as he tried to find a way off of the planet that wouldn’t result in capture or suspicion. Somehow, he knew, there would be a method in finding safety. Leave Ben. The thought flashed to the front of his mind. It would leave double the credits for supplies, as it would be only Hux using them. The Knights of Ren wanted Kylo, not him. Once again, leaving him made the most sense planning wise. And then Hux remembered his smile. The poor cooking. The undying loyalty that Ben bled to him. The complete and total trust he had given him. Hux remembered every gentle word, and every horrid return he had thrown in Ben’s face. He remembered the ragged breathing and steady beat of his heart. Hux ran back to him. “So the people hunting us,” Ben clarified after having heard the reasoning behind their departure, “They’ve found us?” “Yes,” Hux confirmed, leading Ben through the alleys of the city towards the shipyard. “But I thought they left in those, um,” Ben’s nose scrunched up, “TIE fighters?” “Good job,” Hux complimented, and Ben looked content with himself for a moment before he remembered their situation, “They’ve heard rumors that we are alive and living in the city,” “Well why do they care,” Ben huffed, “We’re not bothering anyone, why not just let us go,” Hux looked at him, fully aware of the innocence in his mindset. Because you’re the most powerful being in the galaxy, he wanted to say. Because you made the strongest of men fall to their knees in their allegiance to you. Because Snoke is not yet done exploiting your power. “You don’t know the First Order,” Hux settled on instead, and Ben seemed to accept the answer. “Will you tell me more about them sometime?” Ben inquired softly, and Hux huffed. “What more do you need to know?” he scoffed, walking through the entrance of the shipyard to have his pick at the scrappiest looking transportation he had ever seen. Holding the light bag of credits in his hand, he scanned the prices listed on big signs in front of each ship. They could make do with something small, as long as it was fast. They just needed to get onto another planet as fast as possible. “I just want to know everything, Hux, everything that I lost,” Ben followed at his heel, head tipping back to get a full view of the ships. “Leave it to you to pick a goal far too overzealous,” Hux nearly laughed, and noticed the way Ben’s face fell, “Let’s put survival over your feelings for now,” Ben nodded dejectedly, increasing the distance between them by a few paces. Hux found it to be ridiculous, petulant even, but said nothing. Instead, he settled on a ship barely big enough for the two of them that looked to be in proper enough condition to carry them across space. “It seems nice,” Ben offered softly. “It’ll do,” Hux confirmed, tossing the credits to the seller and ushering Ben on board. He only hoped it was fast enough. Notes: (I promise there will be feelings and fluff, just be patient)