One What a strange man-creature you are. Strange indeed… Kylo Ren watched Brasmon Kee’s fish-like mouth move as he spoke. As off-putting as his pink, scaly flesh and bone-white hair were, it was his mouth that unnerved Ren the most. He would never tell Kee that, though. That would be disrespecting another Senator and if he did that he would never hear the end of it. A meeting of the Senate had just gotten out and aliens and humans alike exited the government building and flooded the streets, branching off in different directions. Everyone was heading home for supper but Ren was stuck on the stone steps of the building listening to Kee drone on about the First Order. We just spent over three hours discussing this very thing. How can he possibly have any more to say about it? Ren thought. Kee was from the planet Abednedo, which had been a target for destruction following the Empire’s defeat at the Battle of Endor. That being the case, he was perhaps more nervous about the threat the First Order posed than the rest of the Senate; certainly more than Senator Ren. His stomach growled hungrily and he frowned. “Senator Kee.” His voice was deep and his tone was serious. Kee instantly stopped his blubbering and focused his watery black eyes on Ren’s face. “I understand your nervousness. Don’t think for one moment that the rest of the galaxy isn’t nervous also. But, as was mentioned and discussed at length during the meeting, the Senate does not find the First Order to be an immediate threat at this time. We are doing all we can to prepare and we’ll be ready when they are.” “But how can we prepare, Senator? How can we prepare when we don’t even know what’s coming?” Kee demanded. Ren cast him a hard stare and pursed his lips for a moment. “I’m afraid that’s something you’ll need to mull over in your bed tonight, Senator Kee. As of this moment, I have nothing more to tell you, and besides that, I’m starving. So frankly, I would rather be discussing food than the First Order.” Kee looked aghast. He stammered, tripping over his words. Ren waited patiently. “You, sir, do not belong on the Senate! Electing you was a mistake. No matter what your mother says, you are a rude, belligerent, toxic presence! Goodnight!” He stalked off towards the main square. Ren watched him go from the steps. It was not the first time a fellow Senator had lost their temper with him. He was an acquired taste. As his mother liked to remind him: he had the stubbornness of a Skywalker and the smugness of a Solo. It was, for relationships sake, a dangerous combination. Ren was still standing on the steps watching Kee storm off when he watched him die. Someone dressed in all black with a well-worn mask appeared in the street. In what felt like a decade but was only a few seconds, the man produced a red lightsaber and thrust it upwards into Kee’s body; under the ribcage and into the throat. The man said something then, but Kylo Ren couldn’t hear. He was speaking only to Kee, in his final moments before the lightsaber was pulled out and his lifeless body collapsed. Without thinking, Ren took off after the murderer, chasing him down the street and into an alley. The man stopped running and activated his lightsaber, whirling around to face Ren. He was crouched and ready, both hands on the hilt of his weapon. Ren kept his distance but was also prepared to attack. His heart thumped against his chest as he looked around for anything he could use to deflect the blows. He found a long piece of metal that must’ve been used on a ship of some sort with a dangerously sharp tip on it. He knew it didn’t stand a hope if the lightsaber were to make contact with it, but he also knew that he didn’t necessarily need an energized weapon to defeat the killer. He just needed to be faster. If he moved, he was dead. He needed his weapon of choice in his hand before he could move at all. His mother had warned him to keep his talents with the Force under wraps except for when it was an absolute necessity that he exercise them. He considered his present situation to fall under that category. Like a puppeteer who held all the strings, he flew the metal shard through the air and into his outstretched hand with just a thought. It had a nice weight to it. He eyed his opponent, who was clearly taken aback by Ren’s sensibility. His stance had weakened and his saber had dropped slightly. Ren seized the opportunity and lunged. The man jumped sideways so Ren ran past him. Ren whirled around, teeth bared and ready for another attack. The killer swung his blade left, right, swinging again and again and Ren dodged every pursuit. Ducking and jumping he moved like a dancer, never tripping up or giving pause. He thought he had a clear shot, so he lunged again and missed, but the killer’s saber aimed true. There was a searing pain across Ren’s face and he grunted in pain, stumbling backwards. For a second he couldn’t see anything, but he could feel the hot, wet sensation of blood coursing down his cheeks and into his mouth. He wiped the blood from his eyes, spit out what was in his mouth, and toyed the metal in his hand. The killer was laughing behind his mask. Ren aimed and threw the metal at his opponent like a javelin, sharp end first. It pierced the man’s wielding arm through the wrist and he instantly dropped his weapon, screeching in agony. Ren wasted no time sauntering over, the thrill of winning the duel making his blood run hot. He forced the killer to his knees, roughly yanked out the metal piece and directed its tip at the man’s throat, right underneath the mask. Speaking only to the killer, and in a very low, dangerous tone, he said, “Where did you come from?” Stammering, the killer responded. His voice was altered by the mask. “T-the First Order is coming. I will not be the last. They will destroy the Republic and—” “Oh, how unfortunate,” Ren cooed. “The right answer was ‘nowhere.’” He pushed the metal through the man’s throat and watched him bleed out, gurgling and choking in the middle of the alley. Once he was positive the man was dead, he stripped him of his mask. He was shocked when the face that looked back at him with wide, unseeing eyes was that of a young boy, no more than fifteen years old. Disgusted, Ren dropped the lifeless body and backed away from it. Not only was the First Order clearly recruiting youths, but Ren had just killed one. He had never killed a child before. I didn’t know. “Ben? Ben!” He jerked his head around at the sound of his mother calling his name, and he groaned in pain as the tear across his face burned. His eyes were shut but he felt hands on him. He knew his mother’s touch. “Oh…oh, Ben. Orris, quick! Help me get him to a medic!” Ren didn’t open his eyes, not even when he felt two pairs of hands on his body, hoisting him into a standing position and supporting his weight, in case he were to collapse from blood loss. If he opened his eyes, all he would see would be blood and terrified faces and maybe Kee’s body, getting colder by the minute. He would rather see the insides of his eyelids than be subjected to such a scene. But he could smell the blood, taste it, and hear the voices of a dozen people who had rushed to the source of the screams. Had those people been there the whole time? He couldn’t remember. He just didn’t want to see it. ** “They sure got you good. But I’ve patched you up and it looks like all you’ll be left with is a scar. Shame it’s on your face or I’d say it wasn’t noticeable.” Ren frowned. He didn’t find the medic’s joke very funny. He hadn’t seen his face yet. The medic had used a type of laser graph treatment – How ridiculous, using a laser to fix a lightsaber wound , Ren had thought – and it had hurt almost as bad as receiving the blow had. The medic finished bandaging him and bowed as he backed away. “You’re all done, Senator Ren. I wish you a quick and easy healing process.” “Thank you,” Ren mumbled. The second he left the room he was flooded by a group of people headed by his own mother, General Leia Organa. She looked very stressed. “Who was it? Who sent them? They killed Kee and then they almost killed you!” She snapped. “Yes, General Organa, I was there,” Ren replied hotly. “He appeared to be some sort of messenger for the First Order. Although, I’m not entirely sure what his message was, other than to be a gigantic nuisance and keep me from my dinner.” He began to walk through the group towards the front doors. “He murdered a Senator! Just outside of our government building! I think the message is clear, Senator Ren. They wish to destroy the Republic!” Senator Varish Vicly argued heatedly. He struggled to keep up with Ren’s long strides. “Hmm, I’m not sure how you came to that wild conclusion…” Ren said sarcastically. “Were you not just discussing how the First Order was not a threat to the Republic?” “Things have changed,” Leia said sternly. “We cannot let this get any farther than it already has. The time to act is now ! I told you all in the meeting and I’m telling you now: the First Order is going to become the new Empire if we’re not careful! We need to become militarily involved.” “General Organa, to militarize now would be to set ourselves up for another civil war!” Orris Madmund spoke up. “We’re already at war!” Leia yelled. She glared daggers at the group. “Do what you will. I’m calling in my brother.” Chapter 2 : Two He had no idea where he was. Was he still in the same galaxy? It certainly didn’t look like it. There was fog all around him and eerie noises that simultaneously sounded far away and dangerously close. The hairs on the back of his neck stood on end. Someone was watching him. He had nothing but the clothes on his back. He didn’t even have his sight to help him; the fog was too thick. Perhaps foolishly he called out “Hello?” Despite all of his weaknesses, he knew someone was out there, he just didn’t know if they were friend or foe. Someone screamed behind him, causing him to jump and whirl around. It was a bloodcurdling scream; like someone was being tortured. It went on forever, making his ears hurt. Instinctively, he ran towards the screams, hoping to help and gather some answers. But the more he ran towards the sound, the farther away it got until it eventually faded out. Confusion, paranoia, and panic overtook him. He was breathing heavily now, twisting his body this way and that to try and see something, anything. “Who’s out there?” he shouted, growing frustrated. “I can feel you!” Where one second it was nearly opaque with fog, the next a misty arm was reaching out towards him, shrouded in brown fabric. He could see the outline of the person it belonged to. They were wearing some sort of rough spun cloak with the hood up to cover their face. They didn’t speak, but Ben felt calmness wash over him as he stared. He meant to take the hand but before he could touch it it had vanished. The person was walking away from him, intending for him to follow, he thought. So he did. He followed for what felt like hours, walking on and on in endless fog until finally it cleared. The ground he stood on was black with the same ash that swirled around him like snow. The sky was red as blood and all the vegetation was dead and crumbling. Wherever he was, it was uninhabitable. The world was on fire. The person turned to face him again. “Who…” he began, but he could not continue for they began to remove their hood. The face that looked back at him made him softly gasp. She couldn’t have been more than nineteen years old. She had brown hair pulled back into three small buns with one skinny braid twirling around her throat. A Padawan. Her eyes were familiar, somehow; chocolate brown and mesmerizing. It felt like she had stolen all the breath from his lungs with one look. He could not speak. “You are in danger,” she said ominously. Her mouth barely moved and she did not blink. He opened his mouth to ask her what she meant, but no sound came out. He felt entirely incapacitated. Who are you? A lightsaber activated at her side, glowing a deadly electric blue against the black ground. He stepped back, alarmed. Her face had contorted into an expression of anger and also fear; she was the most wildly beautiful creature he had ever seen, even if she was about to kill him. She hoisted the saber into the air above her head and screamed at him. “WAKE UP!” The weapon came slashing down towards his face. He awoke in his own bed covered in cold sweat and gasping for air. His heart felt like it was about to beat through his chest. His room was dark but everything was the same. It was a dream, he realized. But why did it seem so real? The girl was nowhere to be seen, of course. Had she ever been real? He’d never seen her before but he found a part of him desperately wanting to see her again. His mouth was dry as bone with a sour taste in it. He shuffled out of bed and down the hallway to get some water, where he nearly ran right into his mother. She gasped and put a hand to her chest. “Ben,” she breathed, “you scared me. What are you doing? Are you alright? How’s your face?” He lightly put his hands on his mother’s shoulders and bent down to kiss her head. “I’m fine. I’m just getting a drink. I…I can’t sleep.” “Oh, of course,” Leia murmured sympathetically. She was a tough, outspoken woman, but she had the utmost compassion for her only son; some would say to a fault. “Let me get you some water, you wait right here.” “Mom, I can get it myself, I’m—” But she was already gone to fulfill her task. Ren ran his hands through his hair. He had learned long ago to just let her do what she needs to do when she was in such a state. Whenever his father had left on some smuggling venture, his mother could never have enough to do to keep her mind off of missing him; wondering when the day would come that he would leave and never make it back. She worried easily, although she didn’t like to show it often. Ren had always meant to have a place of his own, and he had for a little while, but he was always called back home. “I need you, Ben. I hate when he’s gone. The house is too quiet and everything seems to fall in on me, all at once. Please come home. I’m so sorry.” He remembered the night she had told him that. All he could think was, at least she’d finally gathered the courage to say it out loud. Leia Organa reappeared moments later, pushing a blue cup into her son’s hands. He took it and slowly drank it all. He wiped his mouth on his arm and watched his mother’s face. She was tired, and she was beginning to show her age. The immense stress she was under had turned some of her hairs grey, deepened the lines on her face, and highlighted the veins in her hands. But despite all of that, she was still his mother, and he loved her more than anything or anyone else. For most of his life she had been all he had, and now he was all she had. He set the cup aside and took his mother’s hand in his. “C’mon, let’s get you to bed.” He led her into her bedchamber, handed her some sleeping clothes and prepared her bed while she changed in her washroom. He dimmed the lights so it was easier on tired eyes and he closed the curtains over the window. When she came back into her room, he pulled out a chair for her to sit on. She gave him a humoured look. “Really?” she asked pointedly. He beckoned at the chair again. “Sit. You used to let me brush your hair all the time when I was younger; you told me it was your favourite thing. Do you remember? Because I do.” She chuckled but said no more and sat down. He took her hair out of its bun and began to brush it. He began at the back and moved around to the sides and front. His mother had always had long, beautiful hair. He smiled to himself when he saw her smiling serenely with her eyes closed. She needs small moments of peace like this, he reminded himself. She’ll never get any otherwise. When no knots could be found in her hair, he tied it in a loose ponytail and slung it over her shoulder. “How have we not found you a wife yet?” Leia asked as Ren brought her to her bed and helped her under the covers. He shook his head. “Mother, you are the only woman that matters to me, and frankly, the only one I care for at all. I have no time for a wife, anyway.” “Hmm,” she murmured, grinning as he sat on the edge of her bed. Slowly, she cupped his face with a hand. “Surely those bandages can come off now.” “Surely,” Ren agreed with a soft smile. “I’ve been trying to avoid seeing the damage.” “It won’t be that bad. Here, let me see you.” He leaned over a little so she could reach better. Her deft fingers began to peel away at the tape on his face, careful to not pull the skin. She took a good, long look at her son when she had the bandages off. “Is it terrible?” he quietly asked after a little while. “Am I a monster now?” Leia smiled and shook her head, though there were tears in her eyes. “No, no. You look so handsome. Just like your father. Now you just have a battle scar. I think it suits you.” Ben nodded and kissed her forehead. “Thank you. Goodnight.” “Goodnight.” He shut the light off when he left. On his way back to his own room, he paused before a mirror. It took some effort to remove his eyes from the floor and examine his own reflection. He could still feel the scar on his face; tingling and burning if he wrinkled his nose or yawned. Finally though, after going over every worst-case scenario in his head, he saw himself. It wasn’t half as bad as he thought it would be, but it was a significant change to his appearance. The scar began at his jaw on the right side of his face and ran diagonally across the bridge of his nose to end over his left eyebrow. It was pink and sore-looking still, but eventually it would fade to white. He looked at it for a long time. He had never seen true battle, only minor disputes and training. And yet he had a facial scar that gave him the appearance of a worn veteran. He was no war hero, though. He was only a man with a fancy title and soft living spaces. And the Force. But what good was the Force when he couldn’t utilize it whenever he wanted? What sort of power did it give him? He was no Jedi. I was almost a Jedi. No. He was a Senator. Senator, Ren scoffed and re-entered his room. How am I a Senator of all things? I hate politics. I hate being stuck here. But I can’t leave, not now. Maybe not ever. When he had come back “home” (he had spent his childhood and adolescent years elsewhere in the galaxy, and thus Hosnian Prime had never truly felt like home) per his mother’s request, the former monarch of the planet Arakis had died, and Leia had been offered the chance to represent the planet in the Senate, since she had been the former leader’s closest living relative. She did not want the position, though; certain her efforts were better placed on the military. Fortunately, Ren had been eligible for the Senate at that time and no matter how many times he voiced his dislike of the idea, his mother continuously assured him it was the safest choice. So he took the position. He was the youngest member of the Senate, and he knew that put him at a disadvantage. No one took him seriously. His opinion rarely mattered. He had only ever been to Arakis twice and he had hated it there. Maybe after all this they’ll listen to me, he thought. Maybe now I’ll actually command some respect. He laid in his bed on top of his blanket for awhile. The Padawan girl he’d seen in his dreams kept floating back into his mind. Who was she? What danger did she speak of? The First Order? She’s not real, he told himself. She was only a dream, brought on by the day’s events. It’s only my subconscious… He couldn’t sleep. He read a whole book that night. And still, he saw her face in the morning. Chapter 3 : Three The entire Senate chamber was in a state of chaos. Everyone was speaking at once and there were hardly any agreements. Voices rose into shouts and fists were banged on tables. Some people even stood up out of their chairs to declare their distaste. Kylo sat in his chair with his cheek resting on his knuckles, watching the madness happen. He found his own temper rising; it doubled every time someone accused his mother of something ridiculous and tried to blame her for what had happened. As he felt himself get more frustrated and watched his mother get angrier, he found he could no longer put up with such farce. Sharply, he yelled, “Enough!” Although he was the youngest person on the Senate with no real prior experience in politics (having grown up listening to his mother talk politics did not count, apparently), his deep voice commanded everyone’s attention. Almost immediately the blabbering stopped and all eyes were on him. He made sure to meet each stare as he spoke. “I don’t know how any of you expect to reach a conclusion on this matter by acting like children; placing blame on others so you don’t have to shoulder it. Are we that weak-minded, Senators? Can we not act like adults, capable of protecting our galaxy?” After a moment of shameful silence, someone spoke up. “The First Order has taken one of our own! We must take action now !” “Yes, I think we can all agree on that, can’t we?” Ren asked. Murmurs of agreement went around the room. “General Organa has stepped up and contacted my uncle, Master Luke Skywalker of the Jedi. This is how we shall begin protecting ourselves, with his help and the help of the Jedi. As far as military goes, that is General Organa’s call.” He turned his gaze to his mother, who nodded at him. She began to detail her plan of action, which involved heavy armament and a chance at retaliation. But of course, they first needed information. What was the First Order planning? What was the reasoning behind sending an assassin to take out a member of the Senate? Was it Brasmon Kee they intended to kill, or was the lightsaber meant for another? Other Senators asked similar questions like how they would go about retrieving inside information on the enemy. This was indeed a tricky thing to do, but Leia was certain that with the help of the Jedi it would be made easier, and Ren agreed. While discussing the cost of war, the Senators were interrupted by a quiet knocking on the chamber door. It opened moments later and a droid poked its head in. “Senators,” it chirped, “Master Luke Skywalker and his Padawan are here.” “Let them in,” Leia said. There was a hopefulness in her voice. All the Senators stood and bowed in formal greeting to their guests. Ren stood back up, barely concealing a smile, and felt the atmosphere change as soon as they walked in. He could feel the Force all around him, tightening its grip on the sensitive. Ren had never become a Jedi, but he had always admired the effect they had on a crowd. Both Luke and his Padawan had the hoods of their cloaks over their heads, casting shadows over their faces. They did not remove their hoods until they were both standing in the middle of the chamber, facing all the Senators. Ren grinned. His uncle had gotten more grey hairs and wrinkles since he had last seen him. Despite his age he stood there as powerful as ever; someone to be admired. He was a hero to the Republic and the Jedi. His legacy could never be forgotten. Ren turned his attention to the Padawan. His uncle had had dozens of Padawans over the years and Ren had only met a handful of them. He knew nothing about the current one. But the second she removed her hood and revealed her face, a strange sensation of déjà vu rendered Kylo frozen. He had seen that freckled face with the brown eyes. He knew that hairstyle. The girl from my dream… The hairs on his arms stood on end. “Senators,” Luke said, bowing in return. The girl copied his movements. “I wish we were meeting on better terms.” “As do I,” Leia replied. Ren was so busy staring at the Padawans’ profile that he was the last person to sit down. Thankfully everyone was so focused on their guests that they didn’t notice he was distracted. He barely listened to the conversation as it occurred. He could feel her all around him, like she was the only other presence in the room. He got a sensation like he had known her for hundreds of years and yet, he knew not one thing about her. “Have you spoken to the other Jedi?” Leia asked from the dais. “I have alerted them to the current situation,” Luke replied. “They are ready and willing to help.” Leia gave a small sigh of relief. “Excellent. We will need bodyguards for each member of the Senate, if possible. With the last attack being directed at us, it is too risky to be unprotected. If the First Order wants to overthrow the Republic, it only makes sense that they would come for us first. They’ll want to gain power over the galaxy by first cutting off its head.” “I think I can take care of that,” Luke nodded. “How many will you need for patrol?” “It is unknown how many loyalists and kingpins are among us here,” Senator Sindian spoke up. Her golden skin seemed to shimmer with every muscle she moved. “But we cannot take the recent attack lightly! We shall need at least two hundred on patrol, and we should bring in a thousand military personnel or more…” Kylo heard his uncle scoff. “Unfortunately, I do not have access to two hundred Jedi. We’re still recovering from near extinction, you know…” Carise Sindian’s hard eyes narrowed and she bared her pointed teeth. “Then the rest of your Jedi will patrol and we’ll make up the rest with soldiers. I do not appreciate your tone, Master Jedi.” “No offense meant, Senator,” Luke bowed his head. “I can offer you fifty for patrol and a bodyguard for each of you. I wish I could commit more, but that is all I have.” “It will be more than enough,” Leia spoke quickly and loudly, to cut Carise off from making another snarky comment. Indeed, the Senator tightened her grip on the arms of her chair and leaned back, glaring at the wall ahead of her. Leia continued, “We are grateful for your help. You came so quickly. We should’ve been more prepared for an attack, but I’m afraid we underestimated our enemy.” “And what a senseless attack it was, with a senseless death,” Luke agreed. “Senator Kee deserved better than that. And…Senator Ren,” He turned to face his nephew, “are you alright?” Ren raised his eyebrows and lifted his cheek off of his palm. He gave his uncle a sly smile. “He barely nicked me,” he said. Chuckles echoed sparsely around the room, but she didn’t laugh at all. She had finally turned to face him, and her soft brown eyes were sad. He could feel her gaze upon his scar; still pink and fresh and glaring. He furrowed his brow in concentration, looking directly at her. It is you. He knew she had heard him when she blinked, clearly shocked, and hastily turned her face back to the dais. There her eyes remained, glued to his mother instead of him. “I think it is important we take action as soon as possible…” Someone said. Ren was no longer paying attention at all. He leaned back in his chair and watched the Padawan girl as she listened. He didn’t even know her name. Surely his uncle had introduced her upon their entry, but he had been too preoccupied by her familiar face to catch it. How had she infiltrated his dreams? Had she known she was in his dream the whole time, or was it just some Force trick? It was clear even to Ren himself that the stranger had made a significant impression on him. “If all is settled, then we will adjourn for the evening,” Ren snapped back into focus. How much time had passed? Had anyone noticed his glazed eyes and blank expression? He looked around the room and stood up. If they had noticed, more people would be glaring at him disapprovingly. But only one person was looking at him, and when he caught her eye he looked right back. Before he could say or do anything, however, she was lost amidst a crowd of Senators as everyone rushed forward to shake her hand before leaving. Ren sighed but he knew he’d get his chance. And he got it once he finally made it out of the Senate chamber. He located his mother and uncle talking quietly in one corner of the front room, and Luke’s loyal Padawan was right at his side. Casually, Ren made his way over. “Uncle Luke,” he called, “you’ve gotten old.” Luke turned around at the mention of his name and grinned broadly, embracing his nephew in a tight hug. “Well, little Ben isn’t so little anymore,” Luke said. He had to look up to meet his nephew’s eyes now. “Or should I call you Kylo Ren now?” “Ah, you’re family. I’ll permit you using my real name.” He winked. “And I wasn’t that little the last time you saw me.” “No, but at least I could still rest my arm on your shoulder if I wanted to.” Ren chuckled politely and turned his eyes on the Padawan. Her eyes were wide and innocent but her posture was firm. She straightened as he looked at her. “And who’s this? I’m sorry, I don’t think I caught your name.” He offered her his hand. “I’m Rey,” she replied. She had a firm handshake and an accent Ren hadn’t heard in years. “Kylo Ren,” he responded, giving her a polite bow. “Pleased to meet you, Senator Ren.” But you have already met me. “Barely nicked you, eh?” Luke said, taking hold of his nephew’s chin to inspect his wound. “You’re lucky you kept your eye.” “Mm, and to think, if he hadn’t attacked me, I was considering sparing him so he could stand trial. But I guess we all make mistakes.” He couldn’t recall if he had made a conscious decision to spare the boy or not. But he figured by saying it, it made him sound like less of a murderer. “Indeed we do. And he was young, you say?” “Yes. I don’t think he was even sixteen years old. He was trained with a lightsaber, but he was weak with the Force.” Luke shook his head sadly. “This is worrisome.” He gave his twin sister an anxious look. “Leia, I think you and I have some catching up to do.” “I agree. I think we should talk in private.” Leia said quietly. “Yes. Rey, I want to assign you to my nephew. He will take you back to the apartment and show you around. You are to protect him, remember. Let no harm come to him.” Luke instructed his Padawan with a firm voice. She nodded. “Yes, Master Luke.” “I will meet you at the apartment later on and we’ll confer.” The pairings broke off, Luke and Leia going in one direction and Ren and Rey in another. Rey had to walk faster than usual to keep up with Ren’s strides. When he noticed her struggling he made a conscious effort to slow down. “I have a lot of questions for you,” he said. “But I feel it may be best to leave them for another time.” She was looking at him in a slight panic for a moment before he confirmed that he wasn’t going to be demanding anything of her just yet. It just felt awkward to begin a professional relationship with a question like “why did I dream about you.” “Yes, Senator,” She spoke obediently, with a sort of militant punctuation on her words. It was as though she didn’t grasp how to behave in an informal setting; to her, every setting was strictly formal. “I have questions for you, as well.” Ren raised his eyebrows. “Is that so? I’m intrigued.” “As you should be, Senator.” Rey concealed a smirk. “You can just call me Kylo outside of the chamber. Or Ren. Whichever feels better on your tongue.” She nodded but didn’t respond. Ren didn’t like the silence. “Are you hungry?” he asked. She looked at him with a desperate fierceness in her expression. He had seen that look before, on the faces of the hungry orphans he would play with as a child. If he mentioned food around them their attitudes would change immediately, especially if they had been orphaned for a very long time. They had grown up with the harsh realization that they must never refuse food, because they never knew when the next time they’d get to eat would be. It made his heart feel heavy seeing that look on Rey’s face. She had to have been training with Luke for several years already, considering that she was clearly a Senior Padawan. Yet still, she felt the reflex to never refuse food or to fight for it if need be. What has happened to you? Surprisingly, she shook her head. “No. I can wait until you’re safely at the apartment.” Ben chuckled to himself. “A bodyguard…” he mumbled. “Where were you two days ago?” “Not where I should have been, clearly,” she replied, playing along with him. He laughed and it sounded like a chorus. All the things Luke had told her about his nephew were racing through Rey’s head. He was as dangerous as he was charming, and he needed more than just a bodyguard. For a long time, Luke had been worried about his nephew. The Skywalker family had produced both exemplary Jedi and deadly Sith, and Ben was right in the middle. But then Luke had had a prophetic dream the night before they departed for Hosnian Prime, wherein he had seen a black-cloaked monster in a battle-scarred mask wielding a red saber over his head. Immediately he had turned to Rey. “He needs someone to make sure he goes down the right path. Steer him into the light, Rey, please. It’s a huge task, I can assure you, but I know you can handle it. I’m afraid if something isn’t done soon he’ll be a danger to himself. I’ve seen what he can and will become if he falls into the wrong hands. Keep him safe, Rey. Keep him home.” Chapter 4 : Four Kylo Ren was seated at his desk, drowned in the orange light of a small lamp, reading a book he had read a hundred times before. It was very late. The city was quiet outside his open window. And yet, to Kylo, the galaxy was screaming. His leg shook relentlessly under the desk. He’d been reading the same line over and over again without realizing it— again . He couldn’t sleep, and he couldn’t focus. There were three other people besides him who were Force sensitive in his house as opposed to just his mother. He could feel their energy all around him and in his head; it made the hairs on the back of his neck stand on end. No matter what he tried, he couldn’t ignore it. He slammed his book shut. He was feeling very agitated; likely due in part to the lack of sleep. In the back of his mind, though, where no one could hear him admit it, he knew his mood was being deeply impacted by the sudden presence of Jedi all around him. It made him envious to see them all. All these years and I still can’t help but to think of the future I could’ve had if I’d been able to continue my training. Ren hadn’t thought about his expulsion from the Jedi Order for a very, very long time. He had quickly learned to compartmentalize, and he had kept that particular memory locked up tight. It made him furious to think about it. But it was too late; he had reopened an old wound and in his current state of disgruntlement, he was powerless against the memory. He had been only fifteen years old; just in the midst of his angst-filled, conflicted teenage years. He had been training with his uncle for a few years and his skills were improving drastically. He was proud of himself, even if others weren’t. Some of the other Padawans gave him funny looks, like they were afraid of him. They should be afraid of me , he had thought. I would ruin them in battle. I’m better than all of them. When he had made his own lightsaber using a cracked red Kyber crystal, even his uncle had looked concerned, frowning at his creation. But young Ben Solo had been so proud of his achievement he refused to wield any other weapon from that point on. He trained relentlessly, even in his room during his many sleepless nights. He would sneak a training remote into his room and he would stay up all night long besting it in combat. He had annihilated some fifty remotes in his time in training. One night, though, shortly after a rough training session where Ben had left another Padawan bruised and bloody, he was just exiting the shower room when he heard voices around the corner. He recognized them as belonging to his uncle and his mother. He paused against the wall and listened closely. It wasn’t long before he caught mention of his name. “Ben has immense potential, Leia. He is very strong, both physically and mentally. He’s already close to mastering the Force. He’s learning faster than I can teach him.” Luke was saying in a hushed voice. “Well isn’t that a good thing?” Leia interjected. He could hear the sharpness in her voice. “Yes, and no. I sense a very delicate balance between the Light side the Dark within him. He is showing signs of talent in both and he knows how to manipulate the Force in both positive and malicious ways. You saw him in training today. You saw what he did to Jez. Do you see why this concerns me?” Leia was silent for a moment. Ben dared to peek around the corner. He could just barely see her face; Luke’s back was to him. She had her arms crossed over her chest and she looked frustrated but also deeply saddened. Ben didn’t understand. He thought he was a great Jedi; the best the Order had ever seen. “No, Luke. He won’t be like him. He’s my son!” Leia argued. “Exactly!” Luke hissed. “He’s your son. And he has his grandfather’s blood and temperament because of that. The skills he’s showing in both sides of the Force are eerily similar to—” Leia sobbed once, sniffled, and rubbed her eyes harshly. She looked more stubborn than ever. “I tried so hard, damn it! I tried so hard to keep that information from him and to try and influence him in positive ways…so he wouldn’t turn out like him .” “Try as hard as you might, Leia, you can’t erase the boy’s heritage. He’s a Skywalker as much as he’s a Solo, and that part of him is beginning to show its face. He’s acting out, for one reason or another, and you should be worried. His behaviour is like that of our father, when he was still Anakin Skywalker. He never learned how to control that rage and uncertainty and look what happened to him. He tuned to the Dark Side and became Darth Vader.” “My son will not be Darth Vader!” Leia screeched. “Then we must get him under control now, before it’s too late for him!” Luke argued back. “He is a threat to himself, yes. But he is also a threat to the galaxy. I’m afraid the training is only pushing him closer and closer to the Dark Side and for that reason I don’t think I can continue to train him. He’s already too powerful. I don’t want that power and uncertainty to singlehandedly destroy the Jedi Order.” Ben stood frozen on the other side of the wall. Fifteen years had gone by and he had no clue his grandfather was Darth Vader. His family had kept that information from him, and now he knew why. They thought Ben would be the next Skywalker to turn to the Dark Side and wreak havoc on the galaxy and the Republic. He felt something hot and heavy slide into his stomach. For a minute he thought he was going to be sick, but he fought it off. At the drop of a hat his feeling of betrayal and shame turned to rage. His blood began to boil and in his moment of anger he stepped out from behind the wall and began to scream at his mother and uncle. Why hadn’t they told him? Why had they so little faith in him? He couldn’t stop his training now, not when he was so close to succeeding. It wasn’t fair! IT’S NOT FAIR! Ren slammed his book shut atop his desk. His hands were shaking. The memory made him so angry. I am not a threat , he told himself adamantly. Then why are you so easy to enrage? Why do you dream of murdering those who have hurt you? The little voice in the back of his head nagged at him. Frustrated and needing to blow off steam, Ren put his black boots on and walked to his own training room. It was much smaller than the one he used to practice in with the other Jedi-in-training. It was still rather spacious, however, with padded walls lined with an arsenal of weaponry: staves, an electrostaff, a dozen training remotes, guns, blasters, targets, and one lightsaber in a locked case in the middle of it all that he hadn’t touched in years. He had discovered the crossguard design years ago in one of his books: a history of the galaxy. It was based on a design used thousands of years ago during the Great Scourge of Malachor. He had never seen another lightsaber like it, and although the book had warned of unhindered power and instability due to the cracked Kyber crystal, Ren had known instantly that he had to make one for himself. The crossguard acted as vents for the crystal, which stabilized it significantly. It allowed excess heat to escape, which gave the blade a serrated appearance. He liked the metaphor of using a cracked crystal. Everyone thought he was so strange, so wrongly different, and his weapon of choice paid homage to that. No one else had a lightsaber like his and he had been very proud of that. He was still proud of it, but the saber held very few good memories for Kylo Ren. Yet as he stood there in his training room looking at it in its case, he couldn’t help but feel a need to use it. His fingers twitched at his sides. He located the key for the case and removed the saber. The hilt had a sturdy weight to it that felt perfectly balanced in his hand. Holding it then felt like he had never stopped using it. He turned it over a few times. It truly was a beautifully constructed piece. It vibrated ever so slightly with force and power when he ignited it. The electric hum of the triple beams was amplified in the room, filling Ren’s ears like a hoard of angry bees. Casually, he swings the blade from side to side in the air, in a figure eight position. He swings it up towards himself, stopping the blade only a few inches away from the tip of his nose. He holds it there for a moment, staring into the fiery red beam. The reflection made his eyes look more predatory, somehow; like they had slits instead of human pupils. With fierce speed and agility he swung the blade around in a wide circle before lunging and stabbing the air in front of him. He did this a few times, dancing about the room, lunging, pivoting, striking, swinging. It was effortless for him. The saber felt as it always had: like an extension of his arm. He took out one training remote and quickly grew bored. He wanted a challenge . So he took out another, and another, until it was three against one and Ren was still winning. I’m an excellent fighter, he thought to himself. I built my own lightsaber and they all judged me for it; they were scared of it. But I wielded my lightsaber better than any of them wielded theirs. I could’ve mowed them all down in less than ten minutes if I had wanted to. I did want to. They were so scared of me. He clenched his teeth together so hard it hurt and heaved a mighty swing towards two of the remotes, destroying them both. Parts of them flew everywhere. The other remote was hovering near the ceiling on the other side of the room. He eyed it hungrily, swinging his blade again and again, like a panther twitching its tail as it hones in on its prey. I can and will destroy you, all of you, for what you did to me. You ruined me. You did this. You. You. You. With an angry roar he cleared the room in a few strides and obliterated the last remote just as it dove at his head. He whirled around, breathing heavily, and noticed the dummy he used to practice physical attacks on. The dummy took on a hundred different appearances in Ren’s eyes. One minute it was his uncle, then his mother, and then his absent father. Then a face he didn’t recognize; it was scarred and dead-looking, with sunken eyes and a wrinkled slit for a mouth. Suddenly he yelled again, forcing the blade of his saber through the chest of the humanoid dummy. Immediately after that he seemed to get his senses back for the most part and he grimaced at the sight before him. He had lost control. When he lost control, he was certain he was only proving that his uncle and everyone else were right about him. Disgusted at himself, he tensed his muscles to pull the blade back out of its target. It came out with a bit more ease than he expected and the blade swung around him until he caught himself. He nearly jumped out of his skin. The tip of the blade was an inch away from Rey’s throat. She looked nonplussed, however. She held her gaze firmly on him and did not flinch or back away or scream. Her expression was deadpan. “Senator Ren,” she said, “you’re still awake.” Ren realized he had been gawking at the girl. Quickly, he shut his open mouth and sheathed his weapon. “Yes. You should probably get used to that.” He replied calmly. “You don’t sleep?” she asked, tilting her head a little. “Not well,” he answered. “You know, if you’re trying to make yourself tired, you might want to try something a bit more calming. Training tends to only wake you up.” She entered his room and casually walked around, looking at all the weaponry and the charred, shattered pieces of the training remotes. Ren was locking his lightsaber back in its case. “I had my reasons.” “I don’t doubt that. You were very angry.” She ran her fingers along the barrel of a blaster gun. Ren had no response. Instead he stood near the doorway and watched the girl. He hadn’t even noticed she was there until he had almost killed her. What had she even been doing, standing that close? Rey took a staff down from the wall and tested its weight in her palms. She spun it around three times and it whirled through the air with a high-pitched humming noise. Her fingers were fast and agile, always one step ahead of the staff. She grinned. “I like these,” she said. “They’re not as deadly as a lightsaber, but they’re fast.” “The material they’re made out of is specially designed for perfect balance,” Ren said. “But the ends are weighted a bit more and can deliver a deadly blow if aimed properly.” “Hm,” Rey took the second staff down from the wall and tossed it at him. He caught it deftly. “And where should one aim?” He tossed the staff back and forth between his hands for a minute and smirked. Carefully, he swung an end out towards her and just barely touched it to her temple. “This can crack a skull in an instant,” he purred. He dropped the end to the centre of her chest, again just barely brushing against her tunic. “This can break the ribcage and puncture the lungs.” He slid the end down again until it touched one of her knees. “And this can bust kneecaps.” She had a deviant smile on her face. “Interesting,” she said. She spun her own staff around in the air and it whirred past Ren’s ear, just brushing the tips of his hair. He didn’t flinch. When she caught it, it was pointed at his chest. “Shall we play?” He looked at the tip of her staff, grabbed it with his hand and pushed it away. “It’s late,” he said. Without warning he brought his staff around behind her and caught the backs of her knees, bringing her feet out from under her. With a loud oomph and a thud, she was on her back on the padded floor of his training room and he was grinning elfishly down at her. “You should get some sleep.” Stunned for only a second, Rey jumped back onto her feet, crouched in an attack position. Kylo prepared himself. They circled each other for a moment until Rey lunged, swinging her staff out and aiming for his shoulder. He blocked every single one of her attacks at first, playing the defensive. He let her follow him around the room. The sound of their staffs clashing together echoed all around and rang in their ears. It was like a well-choreographed dance, the way they spun and ducked and lunged and parried. At one point their staffs slammed together between them, forming an X shape. They stared each other down from either side of their trembling weapons before Kylo shoved her away and they continued. Rey never took her eyes off of him. She watched for any sign of muscle movement or facial expression that could hint at an attack. They were only playing, really, they weren’t trying to hurt one another as that would be the opposite of why Rey was on Hosnian Prime in the first place, but the energy in the room was electric, causing her skin to prickle with goosebumps. Ren could see why an opponent may be intimidated or even afraid of Rey; she stalked like a predator and every one of her moves was careful and calculated. She was not a rash, panicked fighter. She was calm but deadly. If they were actually fighting, she would certainly be a worthy opponent for him. Crack! Their staffs made thunderous noise. Again and again they made contact, blocking blow after blow until finally, Rey dodged around his carefully positioned staff, having the foresight to know when and where he would try to block her, and the end of her staff connected with his sternum. It wasn’t enough of a force to break any bones, but it was enough to make him gasp and send him back against a wall. Quick as lightning Rey pinned him there, firmly holding her staff across his chest. They were both panting and after a moment, the sound of Ren’s staff clattering to the ground in defeat broke the silence. Rey was smiling proudly when she released him. Ren gently rubbed the spot where her staff had caught him. “You’re good,” he said. “It took you awhile, but you got me.” “I was just watching you,” she explained, tossing her staff around smugly. “I was learning your style and your tricks.” Ren smirked. “I can assure you I have hundreds more up my sleeve.” “I wouldn’t dare doubt that,” She smiled and put her staff back on the wall where she had found it. She turned to face him and gave him a little bow. “Thank you, Senator Ren. It’s nice having a challenge thrown my way every once in a while. But I should return to my watch and let you continue not sleeping.” “When does your watch end?” Kylo Ren asked. Rey was walking to the door. “Dawn,” she answered. “Can I come along? I’d rather walk than lie awake staring at my ceiling.” He followed her out the door. She hesitated. She thought it might be strange, but she was in no position to question him or deny him that right. It was his own home, after all. “If you’re sure. I have to check the perimeter.” “Well then we’d better get going.” They walked in silence for a little while. It was strange, walking around in a quiet house with a practical stranger; perhaps even more so due to the circumstances. “How long have you lived here?” Rey asked as they turned down a dark hallway. “Mm…six, seven years, something like that,” Ren shrugged. “I’ve lost track of time.” “It seems like there’s no lack of things to do,” Rey offered. “Maybe not. But there’s certainly a lack of what you see.” After a pause, Rey asked, “Do you miss being a Jedi?” Ren laughed, but there was very little humour in it. “I was never a Jedi. I see my uncle gave you a brief introduction to me?” Rey looked down at her feet, mildly flustered. “A very brief one, yes,” she replied quietly. “Master Luke told me your name – your real name – and that you’re gifted in the Force and the ways of the Jedi Order, but you never…um, completed your training.” Ren wore a bitter smile. “No…I never did.” “I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have asked,” Rey said, in that formal tone of hers. “Please forgive me, Senator.” He couldn’t help but shrug it off. “It’s fine; it’s just not a memory I like to relive often. You don’t need to apologize. And you don’t need to call me Senator.” “Right,” Rey nodded, “Kylo.” There was something in the way his name sounded off her tongue that felt very familiar, warm, and inviting to him. “I’m not very interesting,” he said as they inspected the entryway of the apartment. “You, on the other hand, are an enigma.” “Me?” Rey gave him a puzzled stare. “Hardly. I’m no one.” “Well, you had to come from somewhere,” “I don’t know where I came from,” she answered quietly. “I don’t really have any memories of a home, or parents or anything like that. I just remember sand, flying, and being alone and really, really scared. After that, all I can remember is your uncle and training to be a Jedi.” Ren furrowed his brows. Her childhood sounded tumultuous at best, and he could relate to that. “Is being a Jedi all you want in life?” he asked. “Is it all you ever wanted?” He watched her as they walked. She wore an expression of concentration. “It’s all I want now ,” she finally answered. “When I was little, I remember, I had a ragdoll that was dressed like a pilot, like the ones that used to fly for the Rebels. I remember wanting to fly for the Resistance; to be able to pilot my own ship and fight at the same time. But I’ll be a Jedi Knight soon. I’m content with my choices.” He didn’t say anything else on the matter. Instead they walked in silence for a while, checking all the darkest corners and listening for sounds of distress. Ren could sense the silence made the Jedi girl uncomfortable. So he dared to broach the subject of the likelihood of an impending war, possible genocide, and other such gentle, friendly topics. He was not prepared to discuss the events of his dream just yet. She hadn’t warmed up to him enough for that. “What will you do when the war comes?” Rey asked. “Sorry, if the war comes.” “I’ll fight,” Ren answered instantly. “I’ll fight for the Republic and for my people.” Rey scoffed. “Do not forget your title, Senator Ren. They won’t allow you to fight. You’re a politician; you’re too important.” “I sense some bitterness for government,” Ren smirked. “Don’t worry; I’m on your side there. I didn’t want this career path. I wanted to fight. I was born to fight. Do you know how many times I’ve been told that? A lot. Well, now I have a chance to really prove everyone right. I have a chance to actually do something instead of sitting on a cushy chair in my…my fucking beads and silk and expensive jewels. I hate my job. I hate not being able to actually do something worthwhile. Passing bills and laws and holding meetings to ensure the protection of the galaxy is all the Senate ever does and it is clearly not effective anymore. I’m not sure it ever was. This could be my only opportunity to do what I need to. They can try and hold me back, but I will not stay.” After a brief pause, he added, “Besides, all the other Senators are aging and fragile; or just not wanting to get their hands dirty. I wasn’t meant for the Senate and so I won’t act like I ever was.” Rey nodded pensively. He was certainly bold and direct, she had to give him that. A certain power radiated off of him like constant waves, lapping at her skin with an icy cool tongue. He was damaged, but he had yet to be broken. “So you will kill, to protect your people?” she asked quietly. She wouldn’t meet his eyes but she gazed at his jawline. “Yes. With war comes death. I’m prepared for it all.” It won’t be my first kill. But I sense it might be yours. “You’re brave,” she said. “Huh,” he breathed a laugh. “Haven’t heard that one before.” She smiled softly at him, but she wasn’t sure he noticed. “Ladies first,” he said, stepping aside so she could ascend the staircase to the next floor. She gave him a polite nod as she walked past. “You have something you want to say,” she said suddenly as they got to the floor. “Please, say it.” Ren opened and shut his mouth quickly. How could she tell? Had he truly let himself get so vulnerable, or was she just that good? He cleared his throat. “Good eye. I suppose I’m just curious…and this is going to sound weird, but, I dreamt of you, the night before you got here. Before I even knew who you were. Or do you know about that already?” Rey’s chin inclined infinitesimally. She paused and he turned to look at her. “It felt different,” He admitted, “like I wasn’t exactly alone in my own subconscious.” She sighed. “When your uncle told me of you, I felt something deep within me…like someone was tugging hard on a string that was attached to my core. Urging me to help, to locate them. I couldn’t make sense of it. I still can’t, to tell you the truth. I just…I had a terrible feeling about you. I had to cut Master Luke off so I could leave the room and then I had some sort of premonition…it was like flash images in my head. I saw you struggling. You were fighting to survive; to keep yourself from dying. The coming war is not going to be the only hard battle you will see, Kylo.” He furrowed his brow. Her words sent an unpleasant chill down his spine. She continued walking and although he felt frozen he managed to tag along. “I don’t know, it doesn’t really make any sense to me. Why I did it, I mean. It was hard; I tried and failed so many times to contact you. I couldn’t find you for the life of me. But then I heard this sound, like bells softly ringing in the distance. I followed them, and I found you. My message was jumbled, I know. My connection was rather weak. It must have frightened you awake, though.” Ren’s mouth was dry as he spoke. “It was…unexpected.” “I apologize.” “Don’t,” he said. “I’m…impressed that you did it. I’ve trained myself to keep outsiders out of my head as best as I can. But you got me in deep sleep, lucky you. Interesting…you said you heard bells?” “Yes,” She nodded, “very soft bells. I was compelled to follow them…” Her voice died off. “Strange,” he marvelled. “For not being a Jedi, you’re remarkably skilled in the Force,” Rey admitted. “I mean, as long as we’re being open here. Your uncle told me about your talent but I didn’t realize he was making an understatement. I just hope it doesn’t make you a target.” Ren nodded solemnly. “Me too.” They walked and talked for hours as they roamed the apartment, checking each open room and keeping their senses sharp for any sign of distress. Ren was reminded of the days he had spent in his uncle’s academy, learning to patrol and guard. He still remembered his lessons. Be careful, be alert, think clearly, and always act quickly. They wandered the outside perimeter after that, making idle conversation until they got back to the door they had come out of. Rey looked up into the soft pink morning sky, where stars and three other planets were just visible in the distance, and frowned. “Do you feel that?” she whispered. Ren looked up too. Anxiety flooded his chest. “Yes,” he answered. “Whatever it is, it isn’t good.” The night, although it was still and quiet, vibrated with negativity and fear. The air was chilling them both to the bone despite it being a rather balmy night. The entire city knew of the murder of Brasmon Kee and they were all afraid. Although they were asleep in their beds, nightmares plagued them, even the children. Dreams darkened by war, bloodshed, and horrors unimaginable even to the unconscious mind. And somewhere else in the galaxy there were enemies, resting up for an attack. It made both Ren and Rey feel immensely uneasy. A door opened behind them and they both jumped. It was Luke in his brown cloak and white tunic. He looked surprised to see Ren standing there. “Good morning,” he said, walking up to them. “Rey, your shift is over.” “Thank you, Master,” She nodded in respect. Luke looked up at his nephew. “Senator, you’re awake? Still battling with those old insomniac demons of yours, are you?” Ren cleared his throat. “Yes.” “Well you should try to get a few hours of sleep, at least. You know your mother will lecture me if I don’t tell you that.” He winked. “Yes, uncle, you’re right,” Ren bowed to Luke and turned to Rey to do the same. “Thank you for allowing me to accompany you tonight. I apologize for the inconvenience.” “It was no trouble,” Rey said with a gentle smile. “I’ll see you later, Sen—Kylo.” Ren grinned. “You certainly will.” Chapter 5 : Five Kylo Ren stood before a full-length mirror as several attendees swarmed around him, making final adjustments on his wardrobe for the Senate Address. He had been washed and preened and draped in layers of black silk adorned with splashes of blood red rubies around the sleeves, hem, and collar. The collar itself also functioned like a headpiece, flaring out at the back and encircling half of his head. His face had been painted white, with two red teardrops just under his eyes. Ren glared at his reflection with fiery contempt. He felt sick to his stomach every time he had to dress up like that. The man in the reflection was not Kylo Ren. Though the silk was light, cool, and smooth, the feeling of it against his skin set his teeth on edge. It did not help that every time he moved, the rubies would softly clink and rub together. The sound irritated him to no end. Within the long, hanging sleeves his hands were clenched into tight fists at his sides. The attendees stood back, bowed to him, and dispersed, signalling that he was finished. Finally presentable to the Republic, Ren thought bitterly. There was something wrong that day, he could feel it. It wasn’t just the upcoming address that had him stressed. He had woken that day with a feeling he hadn’t had in three years, and despite his unwavering attempts at ignoring it, it kept gnawing at him. I cannot deal with it today. I will not. Seething, he stalked off, heading for his weapon room. It simply felt like a day where he would have need of a weapon. At the very least, he figured he could take out his anger on a few bushes and trees—usually no one objected to a free pruning. He wasted no time removing his lightsaber from its case and fastening it to his belt, making sure to shield it. He had hardly touched it in years and this was his second day using it in a very short time frame. Wearing it again felt familiar, and yet strange at the same time. The weight at his hip felt especially prominent and he worried someone might notice it under the silk right away. If anyone would notice it, it would likely be his mother. She, like many others, had never cared for his handmade weapon of choice. When he arrived at the Square only a few minutes later, he found his mother waiting behind the Senate stage. She looked dishevelled and upset. Upon closer inspection, he found her eyes to be red and puffy, like she had just been crying. “What’s wrong?” he asked immediately. Leia Organa gazed up at her son balefully. She opened her mouth to speak but thought she shouldn’t say the words, not just yet. Instead, she shook her head. Ren had been about to argue but the address had commenced. Leia walked away from him immediately, composing herself and heading towards the stage. “General!” he yelled. She ignored him. He had no choice but to follow her and the other Senators up to the stage where he would take his assigned seat. The crowd was large and abuzz with nervous discussion. They didn’t applaud or bow when the Senators took the stage; rather, they fell deathly quiet, like they were awaiting the worst of news—which was exactly what they were about to receive. Among the crowd, standing between a barrier and the stage, was Luke, Rey, and the other Jedi that had shown up following their arrival. Rey began scouring the stage for Kylo instantly and it didn’t take her long to find him. She gasped softly when she saw him. He looked nothing like himself, covered in glistening rubies and soft, shiny silk. He looked very regal; like a King rather than a Senator. She was suddenly very aware of the informal way she had behaved in front of him during their duel and the watch that followed. Her cheeks burned. But he didn’t look like he was enjoying any part of his masquerade. He wore a frightening scowl that hardened his appearance significantly. Her eyes jerked to his hip when he moved to take his seat; she noticed something move just beneath the silk and she instantly knew what it was. Maker… she thought. Chancellor Villecham stood before a microphone, gazing out at the eerily silent crowd with a nervous expression. “Good morning to you all,” he said, his voice echoing around the Square. “The Senate has called a meeting of the utmost importance, concerning the preservation of the Republic and the safety of its people.” Anxious murmurs drifted through the crowd. Kylo Ren shifted in his seat. His lightsaber rested heavily on his thigh. “As I’m sure you all have heard, we have lost a valued member of our community. Senator Brasmon Kee, the ambassador to Abednedo, was murdered with a lightsaber just outside of the government building. This was a very specific plot to cut off the head of our Republic, likely one-by-one. Another Senator was injured in the attack but managed to restrain the attacker.” Ren could feel hundreds of eyes on him; on his scar. Habitually, he lowered his gaze to his lap in an effort to hide his face. Why didn’t they say I killed him? He thought, furrowing his eyebrows in suspicion. Why are they lying? “It is time that we admit to the truth,” the Chancellor continued. “The First Order is a legitimate threat; more so than we have allowed ourselves to believe thus far. Like the Sith and the Empire before them, they wish to destroy the Republic and gain control over the far stretches of this very galaxy.” The anxious murmurs grew in volume and fervour. People began shuffling uncomfortably. Ren could sense the mounting tension and frustration. He could practically hear them, hundreds of little voices saying this can’t be happening again. His fingers twitched on the arm of his chair. “The Senate as well as the military under the order of General Organa are working together to determine the best course of action,” the Chancellor said, raising his voice over the crowd. “We believe that if we stand strong, we stand a chance at—” “What are you doing to protect us?” A voice yelled out from the crowd. Ren located the speaker immediately. He didn’t know the man by name, but he was older, tall and broad, with ornately shaved facial hair and an angry expression. “I lived through the Empire; I’ve heard this all before. I lost family members because of the Empire. How are you going to make sure that won’t happen to anyone again?” There were shouts of agreement from the crowd. Mildly amused because the events were going about as well as he had predicted, Ren watched the Chancellor’s reaction. He could see beads of sweat beginning to form on the creature’s forehead. He swallowed nervously before speaking and his long white beard twitched. “As I said, we have taken military precautions,” he said. “The Resistance lives on! General Organa is a trustworthy leader who will lead our troops to victory against—” “What if it’s not enough? We’ve tried this before!” “When will it end? When will someone just bloody well end it?” “Your words are dirt!” The crowd was nearing a state of panic. They became a sea of angry and terrified faces. Kylo Ren couldn’t help but smile just a little bit. No one had listened to him when he tried to tell them how this would end. Eventually they had to call the meeting to a close. The crowd didn’t disperse as quickly as the Senators did. But that night many families left Hosnian Prime for another, safer system. Fools , Ren had thought when he found out. It doesn’t matter where you go. They will find you. Immediately following the meeting, Ren retreated to his chambers and haphazardly removed his jewelled garments and his foolish makeup. He traded them for a loose grey tunic, black pants, and a black cloak. The only article he kept on his person from earlier that day was his lightsaber. For some reason he didn’t feel it was time to put it back yet. When he left his chambers he could hear arguing coming from the direction of the ship hangar. Curious, he walked towards the voices. The closer he got the more he recognized the male voice. Eventually he was sure of it. Something cold and heavy slid into his stomach. He began running towards the hangar. When he got there, he froze. He could hardly believe what he saw. His father, Han Solo, who had not been seen in or near the Hosnian System for over three years, was standing by the Millennium Falcon, embracing his mother, who was not returning the favour. Rage bubbled up inside of Kylo Ren rather than happiness over the return of his estranged father. “What are you doing here?” he yelled. His voice echoed furiously around the hangar. Han’s head snapped in the direction of his son and his expression warmed, albeit cautiously. “Ben,” he said as his son approached. “Where’s your makeup and jewels? I’ve missed you, son.” He held out his hand for Ren to shake. He glared at his father’s hand, disgusted. He shook his head. “No. You don’t get to come back here after another three years and act like you never left. I won’t stand for it anymore. I’m tired of picking up the pieces you leave behind.” He gestured to Leia. “Either you remain with the people who need you the most or you leave and this time you don’t look back. Pick one, because you can’t have both anymore.” “Ben…” Leia sighed, rubbing her temples. She was not in the mood to watch her son and husband fight. “Please. Not now.” Kylo whirled around to face his mother. “ No . I will not let this keep happening! Look at what it’s doing to you!” Rey and Luke entered the hangar then, being attracted by the raised voices. Rey wanted to run to Kylo’s side; to calm him somehow. But Luke stuck his arm out and stopped her. She could feel Ren’s anger filling the hangar, like the electricity that fills the air before a lightning storm. “Don’t yell at your mother,” Han said flatly. “She doesn’t deserve that.” His rage broke like dangerous waves over a barrier. Without thinking his lightsaber was buzzing like a hundred angry bees, casting a red glow upon himself and his parents, who hastily backed away in shock. He could hear the agonized cries of Chewie coming from the Millennium Falcon. No one hated their fights more than Chewie. “You don’t know what she deserves!” Kylo screamed. “Or else you never would have left!” “Ben! Put that thing away!” Leia yelled. She looked equal parts angry, scared, and heartbroken to see her son wielding that nasty saber again. She hated what it did to him; what it could still do to him. Kylo felt a hard pressure on his left shoulder. It was his uncle, gazing at him sternly. “Disarm,” Luke ordered. Ren still felt that familiar urge to obey whenever his uncle gave an order. It was a habit he had gained in training and one he had never quite lost. In that moment, it enraged him, but he obeyed and sheathed his weapon, not pausing for a moment before storming off. He walked right past Rey without even looking at her. She shivered as he rushed by. The anger radiating off of him in waves was palpable; she could taste it—it was metallic, like blood on her tongue. It was the darkest anger she had ever felt and it froze her in place. She felt eyes on her; they were Luke’s. His face said it all. Now you see why I worry about him. “Go,” he said to her. “Find him before he does something stupid.” Her legs still felt like they had no bones in them, but she found they worked just the same. Stiffly, she left the ship hangar. It wasn’t hard to find him. His anger and pain were so intense that he had left a sort of breadcrumb trail within the Force. She could feel him seething, growing angrier by the minute. And he had that lightsaber in his hand. Luke was right to worry. Ren stood a good chance of doing something stupid. When she found him he was seated with his head in his hands and his fingers tangled in his thick dark hair. She made no noise as she approached him. Instead, she stopped right in front of him and held out her hand. When Ren looked up, having noticed her feet, he felt a strange wave of déjà vu crash over him. She stood like she had in his dream, only without the hood covering her face. It took him a minute, but he took her hand and stood up. “Don’t follow the path you’re on right now,” she said softly. “Let the Force guide you back into the light. Breathe. Feel it all around you.” He looked at her before he obeyed anything. She had her eyes shut and appeared to be focusing all of her energy into calming him down. He could feel her influence all around him; it made him feel strangely light, almost as if he was floating. Her hand felt delightfully warm in his. She was radiating light and comfort and he found himself afraid to let go of her hand, subconsciously holding it tighter. She opened her eyes and examined him for a minute. “Is it helping?” she asked. Ren nodded. “Yes, actually. Er, thank you.” Sheepishly, he released her fingers. A small part of him was annoyed by her interference. “Why were you so angry?” she asked. “Maybe now isn’t the best time to ask that, now that I think about it…sorry.” “It’s a long story, anyway,” Ren sighed. “I’m…sorry you had to see that.” “It’s alright,” She scratched the back of her head. “I reckon I’d react the same way if my parents ever came round.” “Your parents?” Ren asked. It only took him a minute to puzzle it out. “Oh. Oh, I’m so sorry. Are you…? I mean, you have my uncle, but…” “I’m just fine, sir,” Rey smiled softly. “Master Luke is one of the greatest men I’ve ever met.” Ren analyzed her briefly. He hadn’t acknowledged the true magnitude of what she had just done for him until that moment. Normally when he got in one of his moods, not even he could coax himself out of it. The anger acted like a black cloud that followed him around everywhere he went. He could feel nothing but rage and if he wanted to he could easily project it onto others. Sometimes it lasted for days. He had missed Senate meetings because of it; his mother had told everyone he was ill. But she had managed to disperse the cloud of hatred with the simplest of touches. Was persuasion her special gift within the Force? “Sir? Is there anything else I can do for you? Kylo?” He blinked rapidly, coming out of his thoughts. She was looking at him funny, with her head cocked to the side and her brows furrowed. “I—um, no,” he stammered, “no, thanks. I think I’ll just sleep until he’s gone again.” Rey straightened. “You seem certain he won’t stay this time.” Kylo scoffed. “Of course I’m certain. He never stays. We’re only a pit-stop.” “Well, maybe things will be different this time, under the circumstances,” Rey said idly, coaxing Ren into walking with her. He followed slowly. “Please don’t be fooled into thinking I’m trying to force you into anything. I’m just…being hopeful.” “Do you do that often?” he asked. “Most of the time I try to, yes.” He sighed dramatically. “Kriff, what have I gotten into?” She hummed a gentle laugh. Both of them knew the worst was yet to come, but for the time being they were feeling alright. Rey was hopeful that she could heal Ren; to save him from ever becoming the worst possible version of himself. Ren could sense her pride and ambition, but he was not nearly as hopeful. She knew too little still. If he could, he’d prefer to keep it that way. Ren still wasn’t ready to face his father again, so the two of them stowed away in the kitchen of the apartment. They ate starblossoms and flatbread and he made them each a sandwich when they found they were still hungry. There they stayed for most of the day into the late evening. There they were together and safe. Chapter 6 : Six Kylo was awoken from a fitful slumber by Rey roughly shaking him. “Ren! You have to get up! There’s been another attack!” Groggily, he had hoisted himself out of bed, threw a cloak on and followed her at a sprint to the foyer of the apartment, where Leia Organa was talking in heated tones with her brother and Chancellor Villecham, who was dressed in a polka-dotted nightgown and fuzzy slippers. “What happened?” Kylo demanded, striding up to the group with his chest heaving. Rey stayed close to his side. His mother turned her worried eyes on him. “The First Order have landed on Jakku, a desert planet in the Western Regions. They’re waging genocide on the village as we speak.” Ren, although shocked by the news, couldn’t help but notice an exchange of glances between Luke and his Padawan. When Rey met Luke’s concerned gaze, she immediately cast her eyes downward and shifted uncomfortably. “So what are we doing about it?” Ren asked. “I’ve deployed fifteen battleships with a hundred men on each, plus a fleet of Resistance pilots in X-Wings,” Leia answered, “but I’m not certain it’s going to be enough.” “Let me go,” Ren said firmly. “We’ll round up some of the Jedi and I can go with them.” Leia gave her son a cold look. “No. You are to stay here, it’s your civic duty.” “Mother, listen to me. My one and only civic duty is to protect the people of this galaxy and if that means I have to put myself at risk I’m willing to do that. Staying here isn’t going to save those people from being brutally and unjustly murdered and you know it. Please, General. I need to go; I need to do this.” Ren pleaded. He watched several emotions pass over his mother’s face, including sadness, pride, and finally, a chilled resolution. “No. I won’t allow it.” She said. “You would risk those people’s lives because there’s a slight chance I could lose mine?” Kylo snapped. His voice was loud and sharp, causing the Chancellor to gasp. “When will you see that I’m not happy here, mother? When? How have you not already seen it?” “S-Senator, surely this can wait—” The Chancellor was thrown backwards into a wall as if by the hands of a spirit. He lay slumped in an unconscious heap at the floor while Kylo Ren’s fingers twitched in his direction. Someone screamed. All this in just one half of a second. Kylo advanced on his mother, making her step back. “Kylo!” Luke yelled. When he reached out to grab his nephew, he realized he could not touch him. No matter what he did, Kylo was always just out of reach. “I wanted to fight for this galaxy. I never wanted anything more than that. But you continue to bar me from doing so, again and again and agai—” “He’s turned to the Dark Side, just like his grandfather!” “We all saw this coming right from the beginning, didn’t we? That stubborn mother of his forced him on us nonetheless…” “He’ll kill us all! He’s a murderer!” “Traitor, just like Anakin…he’s probably already working for the First Order…” Kylo Ren was frozen in place. He had heard the same whispers a thousand times before. He was not unaware to the fact that the majority of the Senate mistrusted him and found him unbearable. But something about their words made him stop this time. He turned and caught Rey’s eye; she looked worried for him. He watched her fingers close around the hilt of her lightsaber under her cloak. He stepped away from Leia. “I think everyone in this room can agree that I was never meant for this kind of life,” Kylo began coldly. “I certainly didn’t ask for it. You owe me this, General. I am requesting my freedom. Strip me of my name, my title; do whatever needs to be done. But I will leave this system one way or another, you can count on that.” Leia’s expression was carved from stone, yet her eyes betrayed her. They were glassy with tears she was desperately holding back. They showed her guilt for what she had asked of her son; the sentence she had given him. While she had a very caring nature deep down, Leia had a tendency to get distracted by her own concerns and feelings, thus struggling to truly notice those of the people around her. Ben had inherited his mother’s ability to hide his emotions, but the more Leia thought about it, the more she realized that her son had been begging her for years to help him. He had felt trapped, useless, and extremely lonely. She had been fostering him, practically; keeping an eye on him so that he would not endanger himself or those around him, which she had long known could and still might happen. But with the threat of war darkening the horizon, Leia had been under incredible amounts of stress and pressure, with little sleep in between. Unfortunately for Ben, his private battles had gone unnoticed by his mother because of it. After a painfully long silence, Leia peeled her dry lips apart and spoke. Her voice was very quiet and monotone, like she was on autopilot and it wasn’t her voice at all. “You will do what you’re going to do no matter what I say at this very moment. I know you, remember. I cannot keep you back any longer, clearly. If and when you make a bad decision, however, you must have someone from the Resistance with you at all times. I will not let you be confused about who the real enemy is here and whose side you belong on. “And I reject your request to leave the Senate.” Ben’s face fell. Several whispers echoed around the room, like a million tangled voices in their heads. “Please, I can’t keep wearing this mask—” Ben begged quietly. “You will go to visit Arakis for me. You will calm your people and convince as many of them as you can to fight for the Republic against the First Order, provided they are of age. We will be needing all the help we can get. After that, we can discuss your future on the Senate.” With that, General Organa turned face and began to walk away. “What about Jakku?” Ben demanded, trailing after her. “You are not needed on Jakku like you are needed on Arakis,” She turned a scorned face to Ren. “ That is how you can restore peace to the galaxy.” She left the hall, and her son, behind. Ren’s chest heaved as he breathed hard with anger. His mother had been right in one respect: he was going to do what he wanted to, no matter what she said. He hastily left everyone behind, heading back to his living quarters. Rey followed him but at a careful distance. She didn’t want to confront him just yet. So she saw him as he turned left, away from his quarters, and down a dimly lit hallway with one locked door at the very end. He punched a passcode into the keypad and the door opened with a soft hiss. Rey, as quiet as a cat, snuck in behind him just before the door shut again and took cover behind a half-wall. When she could actually examine her surroundings, a cold chill crawled up her spine. There was nothing in the dark, steel-walled room save for a chair and a tall glass case that was as tall as Ren himself. He blocked her view of whatever was being held in the case, but she could sense that whatever it was, it wasn’t good. When Ren spoke, there was the slightest hint of desperation in his voice. Like a lost little boy he pleaded with the thing: “I have always struggled with wrong and right. I don’t think I can ignore the constant battle raging within me any longer. While part of me is convinced I should do the easy thing and just go to Arakis, I know it isn’t the right thing. I will fight for what I think is right, like you did and like my own mother did. I don’t feel like I’m holding myself together very well; I’m falling apart, I have been for a while. But I will fight these battles and whatever becomes of me…” His voice trailed off as his thoughts wandered into dangerous territory. “Please, let the Force guide me and keep my mother safe.” He touched his fingertips to the cool glass for a brief second before turning around. Rey ducked back into the darkness as he strode past her and once he was gone she peeked around the wall to see what he had been talking to. It felt like cold, icy fingers had reached into her lungs and stolen all of her breath from her. She caught the edge of the wall with her hand so she wouldn’t lose her balance. The warped and charred mask of the once mighty Sith Lord, Darth Vader, rested upon a bed of ashes, its unseeing eyes boring a hole in Rey’s soul. She had long ago been taught to fear and hate the Sith, Darth Vader especially, for their crimes against humanity and traitorous beginnings. But in that moment she didn’t feel an ounce of hate, only pure fear. She knew Vader was long dead, and the mask was only a ghostly remnant of who he had become, but for some reason it didn’t feel dead. The mask felt very much alive and she could feel it looking at her. She could almost hear a rhythmic whoosh of air, like someone was breathing behind the mask’s mouthpiece. Her heart was racing when she finally opened the door and got out of the room. In her moment of panic she had lost track of Kylo, but it didn’t take her long to find him. She had a feeling she knew where he was headed next. Sure enough, Ren had just entered the ship hangar when she found him. She watched him for a moment, interested in his choice, and was shocked to find him making a direct line for his father’s ship, the Millennium Falcon. Finally she reminded herself she couldn’t just let him do this. “Hey!” she yelled, racing over to him. He didn’t seem surprised to see her at all. “What are you doing?” He grunted as he pulled the door open on the ship. “My father wants to stop and see the family, I’m gonna make sure he gets plenty of time to do that,” he said, climbing aboard. Rey, aghast, followed him, unsure of what else to do. She couldn’t exactly grab his ankle and try to pull him back. Not only would she fail at trying to weigh him down but she would likely embarrass herself, too. “And where exactly are you going to go?” she demanded. “I know it’s not Arakis.” “I’ll get there eventually,” Ren said, distracted slightly as he tried to get the ship up and running. He hadn’t driven it in many years. “I just have a couple pit-stops to make first.” “You can’t just—” He turned around to look at her. “Look, you can run off and warn your Master and my mother, but you know the second you leave this ship I’m taking off and you’ll be left behind, and you will have failed at your duties. So, are you leaving or are you staying? Because I don’t have much time to waste on you.” Rey stammered, clearly not happy about how her day was turning out. After a moment though, she resigned herself and muttered begrudgingly, “I’ll stay, just to keep you from killing yourself.” “I might need help in that department,” Ren admitted. “Do you know how to fly a ship?” Rey scoffed. “I can fly anything,” She brushed past him and took a seat in the cockpit. “Hm…this ship is all bits and pieces isn’t it?” “It belongs to a smuggler, what do you think?” Ren took a seat next to her. They bickered for a moment over which lever was the correct one and which order to push which buttons, but it didn’t take more than a couple minutes for them to fly out of the hangar and into space, rapidly leaving the Hosnian system behind. Ren had programmed his desired destination into the mapping system and the reliable Falcon took them on the proper course. Once they were safely on autopilot, Ren got out of his seat and went to look for weaponry. He was hoping Chewie’s bowcaster would be onboard somewhere. “So you’re going to Jakku, where a deadly battle is happening, and you’re going to do what, exactly?” Rey asked, following him like a lazy shadow. “I’m going to fight, like I said I was going to,” Ren replied, keeping his back to her as he rummaged through a storage compartment. “And get yourself killed or taken?” “That’s what you’re here for, isn’t it?” Ren turned around and eyed her coolly. Something in his gaze wilted her a little. “You’ll keep me safe and out of harm’s way?” He laughed humourlessly. “Do you know how damn impossible it is to keep someone safe from themself?” Rey furrowed her brow. “I don’t know what you mean—” “Do you honestly think I didn’t know you were in the room with me the whole time?” Ren snarled, circling up to her predatorily. “You can stay out of my line of vision but that doesn’t mean I can’t hear you and feel you around me. You saw what I was doing and you heard my words. You should know enough that if you weren’t scared before you really should be now.” He was right up on her, having backed her into a wall. Rage flashed in his eyes, aimed at her invasion of his privacy. Perhaps she had crossed a line, but she was only following orders. And she would not be talked down to or threatened, least of all by him. She shoved him back hard. “Why would I be scared of a frightened boy?” she spat. “I was just doing what I was told, which is more than you can say for yourself.” Ren laughed, long and loud. “Yes, you were only following orders…and look where it’s gotten you. Trapped on a ship with an unstable inconvenience like me, on your way to fight in a war no one asked you to join.” “Yes, well, I didn’t ask for that ,” Rey grumbled. “No, but you got it. And now you’re stuck here. And if that isn’t poetic justice…” “We’re here.” Rey interrupted. Her voice echoed the foreboding feeling that coated the Falcon like a blanket as they approached the dry, sandy planet. They both stood in silence for a moment, watching as they got closer and closer. Eventually it wasn’t just a tan-coloured blob anymore but a three-dimensional planet with geographical bumps and the occasional explosion that would flare up red and deadly and perish in a trail of smoke that bled out into the galaxy. There was no time for arguing anymore. Ren picked up a modified blaster and tucked it into his belt, offering a regular one to Rey. “This is for backup,” he explained, turning around to grab something else. “This is going to be easier for you to use once we’ve landed and we’re out there.” He set Chewbacca’s bowcaster and a new set of quarrels into her hands. “I-I’ve never used one of these before,” Rey admitted. Ren smirked. “You’ll have fun, then.” He hauled up a large blaster rifle and made sure it was ready for use before taking a seat in the cockpit to facilitate their landing. “I’m assuming you gave me weapons other than my lightsaber for a reason?” Rey asked as they descended onto the sandy dunes of Jakku. It was dark outside and flashes of light in the distance spoke of death and fear. “If we use our lightsabers, especially me, someone from the Resistance is likely to see it and then we’re both screwed. I don’t want to go back to Hosnian Prime, not yet. I want to stay here and fight until the fighting is over.” Kylo explained. Softly, Rey prompted, “And what do we do if something happens to one of us?” Kylo locked eyes with her, a strange sensation pumping through his veins. He couldn’t picture her dying, because he wasn’t going to let that happen. “We’ll stay close to one another at all times. I won’t leave you. If something happens we’ll handle it together.” Rey nodded and steeled up her gaze, tightening her grip on the bowcaster. There isn’t much for protection on Jakku, certainly not anything that could properly hide an entire ship. But they landed the Falcon as best as they could, behind a rather large sand dune and well away from the fighting in the village. Once they had landed and descended from the ship, they stalked through the night towards combat. Their feet sank into the sand sometimes and they could both feel the bothersome granules rubbing up against their toes inside their boots. Once they got to the perimeter of the village, however, they forgot about the sand in their shoes and the ache in their legs. What they were staring at was far more concerning. “Are you ready?” Kylo whispered. Rey nodded, finding herself at a loss for words. “Follow me,” Kylo said, ducking down and quietly rushing towards the fighting. They ducked behind a smoldering heap that had once been someone’s home. Bits and pieces remained amongst the ashes to hint at life: some dishes, a picture frame, and the charred face of a child’s doll. Rey had to look away as the scene stirred up some unpleasant, albeit faint, memories of her childhood. Suddenly Ren nudged her, pointing at a scene only a couple yards away. Three stormtroopers had surrounded a woman and her children. One had already perished, that much was clear; she was holding a small, limp body in her arms and clutching it tightly to her chest. Her tears left streaks in the dirt on the dead child’s face. Another youngling, a little girl that couldn’t be more than five years old, was hanging tight to her mother, shaking as she eyed down the barrel of a blaster rifle. They were about to be gunned down. Ren took a deep breath in as he aimed his rifle. All he needed to do was take down one of them; it would be enough to distract the other two from their victims. He lined up his shot and pulled the trigger. The stormtrooper fell instantly; the shot pierced them in the chest. Kylo ran towards the other two, who had turned to face the mystery sniper. Rey followed in close behind. “Run!” Kylo yelled to the mother. “Run, now!” She was only frozen for a minute before she gathered up her children and tore off, away from the scene. Ren and Rey were running headlong towards the stormtroopers, who were already starting to fire blasts at them. Rey took out the slowest one with the bowcaster, but the other one was heading straight for Kylo. He was ready, though. He used the butt of his rifle to knock the stormtrooper’s gun out of their hands when they got close enough. He was dodging shots like only a Force Sensitive could and he wasted no time weakening his opponent before finally doing them a mercy. As soon as the trooper was lying limp and lifeless on the sand, the two party crashers took off to continue what they had come to do. There was so much carnage and panic that no one noticed them because no one had time. Bodies were everywhere, darkening the sand around them; houses that had been lit on fire glowed along the horizon and all around them. People were screaming, shots were fired constantly until they just became background noise. Ren and Rey fought successfully back-to-back for the first little while. They left bodies in their own wake; like Death and his Angel, bringing mercy to the damned and vengeance for the innocent. Time seemed to fall away around them. Minutes felt like hours and hours felt like days. Eventually, there were signs of an end to the brutality. Dozens more X-Wing fighters shot through the sky, laying waste to what remained of the enemy. Kylo had just fired his rifle at one of the last troopers. He wanted it to be over. Rey wasn’t far away from him; he would grab her and they would leave Jakku behind, like they had never been there at all. His first battle had been a success for the Republic. He finally felt like he’d made the right decision for once in his life. The smoke hadn’t even cleared from the barrel of his rifle when it felt like something had bit him on his side. In shock, he fell to his knees. There was a smouldering tear in the side of his banded shirt, and through it he could see his own raw, bleeding, burnt flesh, exposed to the air. The blast had taken a decent sized chunk out of him. Rey had seen everything. “Kylo!” she screamed. An immense rage boiled her blood. She threw all caution to the wind, grabbing her lightsaber from her belt and activating it. The stormtrooper was distracted from their pursuit of Kylo by the flash of blue light to their right. Rey was running directly at them, looking half-mad and murderous. The trooper didn’t stand a chance. Rey severed their arm from their body and did the same to their head in two swipes of her saber. Chest heaving, she turned her weapon off and rushed to Ren’s side. He was clutching his wound and not getting up. She knelt beside him and held him, supporting most of his weight so he wouldn’t have to. “No, no…” Rey was muttering frantically. “C’mon, stay awake. Stay with me. We’ve got to get out of here, now . I-I used my lightsaber…” “Help…” Ren groaned. His wound was stinging, burning, like it was on fire. Every movement he made only made it hurt more. “Lean on me, let’s get you up,” Rey struggled only a little, hoisting his bulky body into a standing position. She felt the Force surround them both. They just had to get away from the village. They could make it that far at least. “C’mon, walk with me…you got it…you’re going to be okay.” “Why does it hurt so bad?” Ren asked, his voice getting rougher and quieter. Rey’s lower lip trembled but she wasn’t going to cry. “Shh, it’s okay. I’ll fix it. I’ll make you better again, we just have to get back…” So they tripped and stumbled their way through the soft sand, back to the Falcon. By the time they got there, Ren was practically on his knees, all his strength drained from him. Rey fashioned a bed for him out of things she found around the ship and set to work tending to his injury as he twitched and groaned in some sort of fitful dream. In truth, neither of them got any sleep that night. There were only nightmares and wide open starry space. Chapter 7 : Chapter Seven Kylo opened his eyes to a small, dark room. He immediately tried to sit up but was greeted with a stabbing pain in his side. He hissed and clutched the area only to find it padded an inch thick with bandages. It took him a moment, but slowly everything that had happened came rushing back to him. He remembered thinking he had been fatally injured, because that was what it had felt like, and that Rey would have to return to Hosnian Prime to inform his mother that he had died in his first battle, which he had attended against her wishes. The last face he could remember seeing in his mind’s eye was his mother’s, disappointed and heartbroken. But Rey had taken care of him, and he was quite certain he would be dead if not for her. Slowly and carefully he stood up in the cramped space. There was barely enough room for the small single cot that was in there. She seriously stuck me in a closet? He thought to himself, fumbling for the door latch. The hallway of the ship was dimly lit, but he knew his way around by memory. He heard light clinking and banging coming from the back of the ship, so he began to follow those sounds. The air in the ship was cool on his bare skin; he was down to a black sleeveless shirt and pants he couldn’t remember seeing before. The sounds got louder and louder until he rounded the corner to find Rey tinkering on the interior mechanics of the ship. About a dozen wires were exposed, numerous flashing lights and various bits and pieces. Kylo softly cleared his throat, causing Rey to scream and jump to her feet with a wild expression on her face. Kylo couldn’t help but crack a small smile. “It’s just me,” he said, his voice cracking from lack of use. “Maker…” Rey clutched her chest, breathing heavily. “What are you doing up? You should be resting still.” Kylo didn’t miss the quick glare she tossed in his direction. “Believe it or not I got a little bored and sore in that closet,” Rey sighed. “Sorry. This ship is an absolute disaster. I did the best I could.” “Yes, I owe you my gratitude. I’ll be sure to let my uncle know you performed your duties with excellence.” Rey scoffed as she pulled an entire chunk of the ship out and began to open it up. “Would you rather I never spoke a word?” Kylo asked, laboriously sitting down. “No, that’s not it,” Rey said softly. “It’s just…you make it sound like you’re grading me; like the whole thing was a test that I passed and not just an act of goodwill. Do you think I would let you die in that place at that time?” Kylo smirked, adjusting himself to get comfortable in the hard chair. “You would have had every reason to,” he answered. “I may be damning you to death on this misguided journey of rebellion, as my mother would call it.” Rey made a soft humming noise while her fingers worked on the ship as if separated from her consciousness. “I wouldn’t mind. Provided you make it an excellent rebellion, it may be worthwhile.” Ren chuckled to himself. “I’ll try my best, Padawan.” “I don’t think I could leave you now anyways,” Rey admitted. “I mean, yes, I could easily steal this ship, or a better one, once we have landed on Arakis and leave you behind. But that would likely get me kicked out of the Jedi Order or worse. Besides all that, though…I just don’t feel like I could leave. I have to stay with you.” “Ah,” Ren sighed, clutching his stinging side. “So you’re saying I’m stuck with you? For how long?” Rey rolled her eyes. “You make me sound like a burden. And…until this war passes, I suppose. Or the Force wishes us to be separated.” Ren was silent for half a minute before responding, “Until then.” A loud beeping alarm broke them from their conversation. For a moment both of their hearts leapt in a panic at the thought of being attacked. But once the panic subsided and Ren listened more closely, he heaved a sigh of relief. “It’s just the GPS,” he said. “We’re here.” He winced as he got up out of the chair and began to walk. Rey flanked him, keeping a wary eye on his body language. They both entered the cockpit and settled into the seats, preparing the ship for landing. As they descended through a heavy mist, Arakis finally came into view; it had lush, green forests and strangely-shaped mountains stained red by the sunset. Arakis had two suns and five moons that graced its sky, with twinkling stars beginning to glow around them. Rey stared in awe; she was not expecting it to be that beautiful. The city was dotted with lights, but Ren kept the ship around the edge of it all, heading northeast. They flew around a small mountain until a large, white building was displayed to them, hiding amongst the tops of the trees. It was a strange building; it had wide bases that appeared to have rooted into the ground, but upon the base were long, narrow stalks that supported several massive, egg-shaped pods with long, dimly lit horizontal windows. Ren began to lower the ship even further towards the landing docks. When they finally entered the dock Rey instantly noticed the flurry of activity going on. Dozens of flight personnel and staff were helping guide the Falcon in and preparing for its park. There were others, too, tall figures in long, unhooded black cloaks. As the ship moved closer, Rey noticed that the cloaked figures had pale blue or yellow skin, with large, dark eyes, small mouths, long fingers, and oblong heads that seemed far too big for their faces. A strange chill ran up her spine. She had never seen this breed before; they were known to rarely leave their places of settlement. Judging by their troubled, puzzled faces, she assumed General Organa had sent an ominous note ahead of their arrival. “They’re all…looking,” Rey whispered. “I don’t come here very often,” Ren said. “So when I do show up, they tend to think something very bad has happened.” “Well…they wouldn’t be completely wrong in this case.” Ren didn’t acknowledge her comment. He finished parking the ship and grabbed a cloak. “Come. Put your hood up and keep your lightsaber visible.” Rey followed his lead. When they stepped off the ship the hangar was silent. Dozens of eyes were trained on the two intruders. Rey kept a hand trained on her saber. She followed Ren up to the discoloured cloaked figures who were eyeing them with something akin to revulsion. “Senator. What great catastrophe has brought you back here?” One of them spoke and its voice was deep and throaty. Its beady eyes found Rey, who bent her head to keep her face shadowed beneath her hood. “And with a guest…how strange…” “I do not come bearing good news, as I’m sure you already know, Uthorf,” Ren stated plainly. He did nothing to keep his voice quiet. “I will brief the council tonight and we will have a more detailed discussion in the morning. It is late and we’ve travelled a long distance.” Uthorf made a deep growling sound in his throat, squinting at Rey and Ren. “Let us go to the chamber, then.” Following the council out of the hangar, Rey wanted so badly to speak to Ren so that he might help her collect herself. She felt out of her element and anxious; the people of Arakis had not given them a warm welcome. Would she even feel safe enough to sleep alone? Without noticing, she bumped into Ren’s side, knocking arms with him. She gasped softly and peered up to find him looking back at her with a bemused expression. The chamber room was lofty and dark, lit only by strange glowing white orbs that appeared to hang in mid-air just above a long, narrow table. The council members took their seats at the table but Ren did not follow their lead, choosing instead to stand opposite them, one hand poised on the hilt of his lightsaber at his hip. “Well? What unwelcome news do you bring this time, doomsayer?” Uthorf asked, folding his hands together atop the table. “The Republic is at war,” Ren said. “A neo-Empire group called the First Order has declared their intention to destroy the Republic and replace it. They, too, are influenced by the dark side of the Force. And you can bet, with all your resources, that Arakis will be a main stop on their journey. They will commit a genocide of your people and plunder your planet and wealth and when they are done they will leave you with nothing left. This is why the Republic requests your cooperation in the fight against the First Order and hopes that you may seriously consider contributing a part of your military to defend the galaxy. That is the gist of it, anyway.” The council members looked stunned. They had been expecting bad news, but clearly they had underestimated just how bad it would be. “War…?” One of them said. “We have seen many wars and still, I do not wish to see another.” “Yes, well, General Organa anxiously awaits your response. I urge you to send as many troops as you can afford to. I will stay here for a short while as well, until we have a better idea of how this may transpire.” Ren responded. “But we will discuss details tomorrow. For now, I wish to allow you to decide how many of your men you would send to fight. I would also like to get some rest. Have the servants prepare my quarters and the guest quarters in the west wing, as well. My Padawan will need a place to sleep.” Uthorf narrowed his eyes. “ Your Padawan? You are no Jedi.” He sneered. Rey didn’t dare to blink. Her eyes moved back and forth between Ren’s face and the Araki man. She wondered if Ren had called her his Padawan by mistake, inciting Uthorf to so eloquently remind him of his biggest failure. She was expecting to sense rage coming off of him in waves but all she felt was radio silence. “She will stay with me,” Ren spat back. “You will prepare her a room and you will stand down and obey me.” Whispers and hisses echoed around the room. Uthorf straightened and gave a loud, sharp grunt of anger. “You overstep your rank, Senator ,” he snarled. “What loyalty do I owe you? You are a plague upon my people; bringing death every time you step foot on Arakis.” The electric whoosh of a lightsaber drowned out any other noise for a split second before fading to a menacing hum. The room glowed red as Kylo Ren swung his weapon at his side. The council members were frantic; some were screeching horrendously and trying to escape while others, like Uthorf, were simply standing there slack-jawed and paralyzed with fear. “Sith! Sith !” One screamed. “The Dark Side is here among us!” “The roles of rank may change in a time of war,” Ren spoke, his voice deep, dark, and eerily steady. “I know more about the situation than all of you put together so you will take me at my word or you will die. You will obey me, or you will die.” He pointed his saber at Uthorf’s chest. The creature sucked in a breath, visibly shaking. His eyes were wild with terror. “Now, you will prepare her a room.” They didn’t need to be told a second time. Everyone scattered, busting through the chamber doors and splitting off in the hallway. Ren sheathed his weapon and relaxed his jaw. Rey was stunned for a moment, unsure what to make of the situation. She took cautious steps towards him. “You shouldn’t have done that,” she warned. “If that gets back to the people on Hosnian Prime…” “Servant!” He interrupted her like he hadn’t even heard her speak. Two young human children in fine clothing scurried into the room and bowed their heads. “Show my guest to her room.” Without another word, he left. They got to the hallway and the children began to tug on Rey’s hands, trying to pull her in the right direction. But Rey was distracted, looking this way and that for any sign of Kylo but it became clear right away that he was gone. Rey was fuming, cursing him under her breath. “…moody son of a bantha…” More than once her two young guides gave her strange looks but they didn’t speak a word. She was left alone in her room for what felt like hours but she didn’t dare leave. If she left, she would either get lost or decide to not come back and steal the first ride off the stupid planet. Even the Force couldn’t help her find a balance in her emotions. Never in her life had she appreciated being deliberately left to her own devices. She could handle being alone and in many cases preferred to be, but after being abandoned as a child on a strange planet with no friends or family to call her own, she had developed some passionate notions about the act. So when her door finally opened and Kylo Ren stood there dressed all in black with an unreadable expression on his face, everything she had been thinking came tumbling out. “You…you… idiot !” she screamed. “Who the hell do you think you are? You think you can just leave me like that, with hardly even a word, and sentence me to my room for the night? Have you lost whatever shred of sense you had to begin with? I can’t understand what made you think threatening the council was a good idea! You’re going to get yourself killed with that kind of stupidity.” Kylo had entered the room but now just stood there, watching her with no expression. His lack of response and obvious empathy only made Rey angrier. She charged him and slapped him hard across the face. He didn’t even wince, although his head turned. He straightened it and looked at her again, analytically this time. Some kind of understanding appeared to dawn on him. But still, he didn’t speak. “I thought you abandoned me here!” She said sharply, her voice quavering only near the end. She sniffed and started beating on his chest, but her punches were deliberately weak. It felt like she was hitting a marble statue; solid and cold. “Don’t-do-that-to-me-again!” He caught her wrists in his hands and she froze. His dark brown eyes were seemingly bottomless; as if there were a hundred thousand different dimensions to them. She couldn’t break away from his stare. She suddenly felt extremely vulnerable; the fire and anger had been wiped out and replaced with a hollow chill. “I’m sorry,” he said quietly, releasing her hands. She didn’t pull them away instantly. “I…you should be,” she stammered. Her voice was just above a whisper. After a pause filled with silence that only got heavier with each second, Ren spoke. “Do you like your room?” Rey blinked and looked around. The room was quite spacious with a large window that boasted an excellent view of the forested landscape of Arakis. The bed was easily the largest one Rey had ever had all to herself. “Um,” she said awkwardly, “yes, it’s nice.” “Good,” he said. “If you require anything, the kitchens are down the hall on your left. There will be people in there than can help you with whatever you need. When you’re hungry go there; they’ll have food for you.” Rey swallowed as her stomach gave a light grumble at the mention of food. “T-thank you. Are you joining me for dinner?” He shook his head. “Not tonight. I should let my mother know I’m obediently following her orders.” His tone was bitter. Rey just nodded. Was he going to disappear on her again? As if he had heard her thinking, which was quite possible, he said “I’ll be right across the hallway if you need me.” “Yes, alright.” “Goodnight, Rey.” He bowed his head in her direction and headed for the door. “Goodnight.” Rey stood in the middle of her room for a moment, briefly pondering her first day in Arakis. She didn’t waste more time than that, though. A delicious smell wafting out of the kitchens was calling to her.