"Uh." Kylo hugged the pillow to his chest, staring up at the ceiling. Lying on his back with his arms and legs curled around the small green square made him look like a large, very nervous bug. "Yes?" Hux put his calculations to the side and glanced up at Kylo. Kylo took a deep breath, apparently steeling himself for something. He looked like he was waiting to be punched in the chest. "Not to be, uh, gay or anything," he started, cheeks pinking. Hux cut him off roughly. "Kylo. You are gay. I am gay. We are two men and we are dating. Though I suppose I should say 'boys'," Hux amended, watching Kylo close his eyes in mortified defeat, "as you can never manage to act older than twelve. Anyway, spit it the hell ou-" "I love you," Kylo said. Rushed; all in one breath. And then- "Sorry." "No- what? You-" Hux took a moment to collect himself. Fuck, his entire face was flushing. "Why are you apologizing?" "I don't know. For prefacing it with. Uh. The 'no homo' bullshit," Kylo said, in turn awkward and absurd. "Whatever." Hux went back to his calculations briefly, realizing he'd accidentally carried a two where none existed. "That's- fine," he said mildly, desperately willing the warm feeling in his chest to subside. Only Kylo could make him feel simultaneously very happy and impossibly stressed, and he didn't need that right now. No matter how much he might want it. Kylo nodded and went back to squeezing the pillow gently, kneading it with his fingers. Hux tapped his pencil on his maths book frustratedly; either he'd done the whole thing wrong and needed to substitute an entirely different number for y , something unrelated to what he'd thought he was using, or x was never meant to- "Do you love me, too?" Hux paused. Opened his mouth. Closed it again. Kylo rolled over, now lying on his side. He blinked expectantly at Hux. "Sorry," he repeated, squashing the pillow. For some reason. "It's okay if you don't love me. I fuck things up a lot," Kylo continued. Hux guessed that it wasn't okay, and, worse, if he didn't rectify this issue soon, it would metastasize and Kylo would burst into tears. Which, obviously, was an extremely undesirable outcome for many reasons, not including the fact that Hux... had feelings for Kylo. "No, I just- Of course I-" Hux broke off and looked down at his maths book. Fuck. "You don't have to lie." Kylo blinked several times. His lower lip trembled. Hux looked directly into Kylo's eyes- his dewy, brown, horribly sad puppy dog eyes. "I'm not lying," he said. Maybe a little irritably. "I just- I don't think I've ever said I love anything. Let alone a person, or a person who- matters to me." His face felt uncomfortably hot. "You could try prefacing it with the 'no homo' bullshit," Kylo mumbled. "I hope I go to my grave without having to preface anything with 'no homo' bullshit," Hux said. "Then use a meme," Kylo suggested, quieter this time. His eyes were- fucking mesmerizing, Hux thought. Like black holes. Or melted chocolate. Those dark eyelashes framed them gently, fluttering slightly as he blinked. "Fine," Hux said, snatching Kylo's phone from the table. He turned it on, entirely unsurprised to find that tumblr was already open. "Fine!" Kylo waited patiently, hugging the pillow as Hux found a satisfactory meme and began. "Nyoom, here comes that boy, I love you more than anything in this entire world and I've never understood the term 'head over heels in love' until now because you make me feel like everything is imploding inside me and somehow that feeling just makes me want you even more, until I'm afraid I'll die of it! There, are you happy?" Hux slammed the phone down and buried his face in his book. Kylo's eyes had been progressively widening through this short speech. Hux peeked up at him from behind the book, thinking that Kylo looked like a heavily fluffed owl. "Yeah," Kylo croaked. "That was- gay as fuck, Hux." "I know," Hux said, voice muffled by three hundred pages of equations. "Anything else?" Kylo asked hopefully. He sat up, hair a soft mess from him lying on it. "Sure. I'd like you to kiss me whenever my face stops burning, if I even still have lips after that. Otherwise, feel free to put your lips on my fucking shriveled corpse." Hux made a noise between laughing and choking. "Like a- roasted hot dog." "I can do that," Kylo said, and settled down to wait. Notes: some important (in my opinion) notes! ❌ yes, hux said the meme wrong. it's supposed to be 'here come dat boi,' but if you think hux would sacrifice grammar for the sake of a meme, you're gonna have to write your own fic (and please link me) ❌ please do not comment if you ship r*ylo.... i'm sorry to leave this here but i have a billion triggers and r*ylo is one of those. please blame mental illness. ❌ other than that, comments are very welcome!! nothing makes me happier than seeing that little comment notif in my mail, and i can 100% guarantee that every comment motivates me to write! if anyone wants to yell at me to finish chapter 1 of the lifeguard fic, you can do that as well. thank you very much to everyone who commented on my other fics!!! this one's for you ❤❤ EDIT: Now there's a sequel fic! More memery!