Dear Diary, It was a long day today. Not like it was bad or anything, it was a mix of good and bad. Today just seemed longer than normal. It was one of those days where you forget a certain event happened on the same day and you get kind of freaked out. Anyways, Finn still hasn’t woken up. I go to see him every morning, hoping he’s improved a little bit, but he hasn’t woken up yet. I talk to him a lot. Hopefully, he can’t hear me because after a while I just start saying the first thing that comes to mind and that’s when things get weird. He was sleeping today as per usual, but I did something a bit different today. I went up to the side of his bed and sat in my chair. I looked at him and just admired him. There’s always something about him that makes me feel all warm inside. He makes me feel something that no one else can. He makes me feel like I have the world. I hope that’s the feeling he gets when he sees me. I don’t want to say I love him, but I’m pretty sure I love Finn. I was just staring at him today and wow is he gorgeous. I mean, his lips are perfect. I love the shape and their curves and I can’t wait to get mine on his. I love his hair. Every time I visit, I run my fingers through it trying to wake him up. It never works, but I still do it. I love his brown eyes. When we reunited with each other on the base a couple weeks ago, I finally noticed how beautiful they were. His smile just made them seem to light up more. They were comforting to look into. It was like all of the galaxy’s problems could be solved by looking into them. I was planning on staying with him for the whole day, but the General has called me right in the middle of my “session” with comatose Finn. She said something about new intelligence and some First Order ships guarding a bigger cargo ship and basically, she wanted us to blow it up. No problem, except for the fact that I’d be gone for a while. I would be so upset if Finn woke up when I wasn’t there. I wanted to be the first thing he saw when he woke up. But, orders were orders, and I had to go. I gave Finn a quick kiss on the forehead like I normally do and went to the hangar. The mission, as predicted, took long. I was anxious to get home the entire time. Sometimes, some other pilots in my squad had to yell at me to keep me from getting myself killed because I was so out of focus. My brain said ‘mission’ but my heart said ‘Finn’. Luckily none of my squad was injured during the mission. I jumped into light speed as fast as I could. I had to get home to him as fast as I could. Once I got back to base, I ran to the med bay and found Finn, still lying on the table. “Hey, buddy. I just got back from a mission. Sorry, I couldn’t spend the day with you. You know I would have,” I said. Instead of sitting in my chair, I sat next to him on the bed. I only did that when there was space. He was breathing faster now, a good sign. I smiled as I saw his chest rise and fall with every breath he took. “You probably can’t hear me, but I was thinking about you a lot today. You’ve been all I could think about lately. I guess I-,” I paused and looked away kind of embarrassed,”I love you.” There was no movement from him. I looked away, depressed. I thought he would awaken, but he didn’t. Just as I was about to leave, I felt a tap on my back. I turned around and I saw Finn smiling at me. I felt like my heart was about to explode with happiness. His eyes were full of life and his lips curled beautifully. “I heard all of that,” he whispered. “You did?” I said as I dropped down so that I was at his level. I put my hand on the side of his face and stroked his jaw softly. “Yeah, I did. And don’t worry.” “Worry about what?” “I love you too.”