Prologue-Ben "Mommy, where are we going?" "We're going to see uncle Luke. You're going to learn to be a Jedi!" Leia sounded so excited, so enthusiastic, that Ben perked up a considerable bit. "Yay" he exclaimed, jumping up and down in his seat. "Sit tight" Han said. "We're not there just yet. Only a few more minutes..." He leaned back in his seat. "Uncle Chewie" Ben said to the wookiee, who was sitting next to him. "I'm gonna be a Jedi!" Chewie growled in approval. Leia smiled at Han. "See, he's excited. It's fine." Han shrugged. "Never thought my own son would end up as one of those glowstick-wielding yahoos, same as your brother." Leia rolled her eyes at the ceiling. "Han, it's not a joke. It's actually a big honor. You know that. I'm sure he'll be fine. He'll make friends. We'll come and see him, won't we?" "Of course we will." Han kissed her on the cheek. " That you don't have to worry about." Then one of the buttons on the Falcon's console began to bleep, signaling their exit from hyperspace. "This is our stop" Han said. "Punch it Chewie" Ben said, jumping up and down in his seat again. Han ruffled his hair as Chewie hit the button. "That's my line" he said jokingly. Ben grinned at him. "Okay, okay" Leia said. "Let's go." The family exited the ship, walking up to the entrance to the Jedi temple. Chewie pushed open the door and held it open while the three Solo's walked into the main hall. It was massive, with a few miscellaneous droids and people milling around, but not that many. Luke was standing there, in deep conversation with a smiling woman. He turned to see the family standing just inside the doors and ran to greet them. "Leia, Han, Chewie, Ben, nice to see you guys" he said brightly. He got down to Ben's eye level. "Your parents tell me you want to become a Jedi." "Yes, yes, I do!" "Well, lucky you, I'm a Jedi teacher. You get to learn to use the Force and handle a lightsaber and all this other cool stuff, but before we get to that I have to tell you the rules." "Rules?" Ben sounded disappointed. "Don't worry" Luke assured him. "There's only two." "Good" Ben said, all serious-like, making everyone laugh. "Okay, rule one: You call me Master. And rule two: I make all the rules. That means you've gotta listen to me, got it?" "Yes Master" Ben said. Leia smiled and handed Ben the backpack she was holding. "There's your stuff Ben. Uncle Luke will give you anything else you need." " Master Luke" Ben corrected. "Fine, Master Luke" Leia agreed with a smile. "You're going to stay here from now on, but don't worry Chewie, Daddy, and I will come back and visit as often as we can." "Okay mommy!" Ben threw his small arms around his mother. She kissed her son on the cheek, then allowed Han to hug him as well. Chewie hugged him too, picking him right up off the floor. He laughed at this, then the wookiee put him back down with a mournful growl. "I'll miss you too Chewie" Ben assured him. "But you'll come back, right?" The wookiee roared in assent. "Don't worry kid" Han said. "I've still gotta teach you how to fly the Falcon, don't I?" "Yes, you do" Leia said. She glanced at the clock. "Oh dear, Han, I'm afraid we have to go or we're going to be late." "Late for what" Luke asked, getting to his feet. "I've got a senate meeting" Leia said. "Well, it was nice seeing you Luke." "You too Leia." Luke hugged his sister. "Take care of Ben" Leia muttered to him. "Don't worry about him. He's going to have the time of his life" Luke assured her. Then he let go and shook hands with Han, Chewie hugged him, and then he took Ben's hand and began leading him off through the Jedi temple. Ben waved behind him, but his parents were already walking out the door. Chapter 2 : Prologue-Abby Notes: Please note, these two parts did not happen at the same time. The age difference between Abby and Kylo is only two years. This is simply the best part of Abby's life to show before the actual story. Please note, these two parts did not happen at the same time. The age difference between Abby and Kylo is only two years. This is simply the best part of Abby's life to show before the actual story. The tiny baby was hardly jostled by her mother, who seemed to be running along a dark, empty street. It was pouring down rain and the street was covered in slush, mud, and soaked with rain. Thunder cracked and lightning flashed across the sky, but the child laughed aloud, babbling in that baby-talk way. The woman put a finger to her daughters small lips. "Shh Abby" she hushed. "They'll find us." She looked towards the city lights in the distance. "Just a few more miles" she pleaded aloud. "Please, please, please." She wrapped her cloak closer around them to block the cold and kept walking. She was soaked through but the little girl seemed perfectly dry. Thunder roared again, and a few miles away you could see the sea crashing against the seawall. There was a rumble, like the earth itself was being moved by the raging thunderstorm. This finally seemed to frighten the child, causing her to bury her head in her mothers chest. "It's alright Abby" her mother soothed. "Those are just your brothers. Zeus, the sky." She pointed above her at the clouds. "Poseidon, the sea." She gestured towards the water. "And Hades, the underworld." She pointed below them. "They're just telling you that they're there. They're making sure you're okay, watching you." She quickened the pace, making good time through such a dangerous thunderstorm. Then she happened to glance behind her, and clapped a hand over her mouth. She broke into a run, dashing through the mud. Behind her something came up, two or three giants beings, one in flaming golden armor. "Stop" he roared. "You cannot escape this time Rhea!" The encircled the woman, towering over her. She straightened, rising to her full height, just as tall as them. "You will not take her" she shrieked. "You won't have my daughter!" "Lord Kronos will take his own daughter if he does wish it, and show her her true nature as a TITAN!" "Hyperion, you still act as Kronos's pawn, after all these years" Rhea scoffed. "I pity you." "You would raise your daughter under the rule of the treacherous gods? I pity her as much as you might pity me. Lord Kronos has only her best interests at heart." "You think I am gullible enough to believe that?! I am not foolish Hyperion. He only wants her as a tool." "So be it" Hyperion snapped, and yanked the child from her arms. Rhea screamed and reached for her child, but the other Titans held her back. "Give me Abby! Give her back!" "No Rhea. You will go to Olympus. You will stay there" Hyperion said, snapping his fingers. Rhea dissolved, whisked away to Olympus. "And by the time you manage to organize a search" he said. "It will be far too late." All of a sudden the temperature dropped. The storm slowed, and everyone froze except for Hyperion and the child. "Yes Lord Kronos" he called. "Take her to the city" a disembodied voice ordered. "She cannot be raised by us. Our treacherous nephew in the tuxedo has foreseen that. I cannot raise her and keep an eye on the other one until I have physical form. See to it!" "Consider it done, my Lord." Hyperion bowed, and the everything reverted to normal. Lighting cracked again and Abby began to cry. The Titans walked forward, towards the city of Boston, to drop the baby girl off. Hours later one of the older children at the Boston orphanage opened the door to check the mail. She saw a small baby lying on the doorstep, fast asleep. She forgot about the mail for the moment and picked the child up. "Hey there" she said soothingly. "Where did you come from?" The child only gurgled in response. "Do you have a name?" She checked the folds of the quilt around her, finding a tag on the edge. It read Abby Grace. "Is that your name" she asked. Abby giggled and began grabbing at her face, her small hands brushing her nose. "Well, that's what I'm going to call you." She turned back towards the interior of the building. "Ms. Rachel" she called. "What is it Becky" someone snapped. "It's too early to be screaming." "I think we have a new arrival." Chapter 3 : Other Worlds "And then" Abby said, swinging her feet underneath the dinner table. "I went outside, and-this is the best part-there was a goat boy! He asked me to come and play, so I went with him and met all his friends. There were other goat boys and girls in flowery dresses and girls that walked right out of the streams and trees, and we had a party! But I told them I had to be back before bedtime, so I left. They gave me this!" She held up a crown of pink flowers. "And they called me the little queen! It was like I was a goddess or something!" Ms. Rachel smiled, though she looked pained at the trail of flowers left by Abby's crown. "Yes, yes, very nice. Good job making that crown. Anybody else want to tell what they did today?" Abby put the crown back on her head. "It was real, they were all real! I didn't make the crown, they did!" One of the other kids laughed. "Yeah right. Goats boys, girls in flowery dresses, of course. It's like a fairy tale that babies make up!" Everyone laughed. "It's not a fairy tale" Abby yelled, pounding her small hand on the table. "I'm not a baby, I didn't make it up! It was real, and if you don't believe me then you're all idiots!" "Abby Grace" Ms. Rachel scolded. "Do we call the other kids idiots?" "No Ms. Rachel" Abby said meekly. "I'm sorry." "Apology accepted. But I think you need to be excused until you calm down." Abby looked around the table. The other kids looked like they were trying not to laugh. "Yes Ms. Rachel" she said quietly, and walked out of the room. She knew by the time she "calmed down" her dinner would be cold. So she left, walking out into the backyard and sitting down with her back against a tree. She stared at the shadows, long and hard. They looked like doors, doors to other worlds where she danced with boys who had goat legs and girls who walked right out of trees and rivers. And all of a sudden it was like one of those doors opened, and she was hurtling through blackness. Ben was sitting with his back against one of the trees, far away from the Jedi temple. His mother's words were still ringing in his ears. I'm sure your father will be here next time. That was what she had said last time. And the time before that. And before that. And........well, the deal was that his father never showed. And it made Ben angry. So angry. He felt unwanted. Maybe his father hadn't been joking that day on the Falcon. Maybe he did think the Jedi were glowsitck-wielding yahoos. Ben had thought he was joking at the time, but now it seemed like those words were the truth. Ben thought being a Jedi was an honor, a good thing, but now it seemed like everyone thought so except his father. Then he was jerked out of his thoughts by a shriek. He jumped to his feet, dashing around the tree to where the sound had come from. It was a little girl, only about two years younger than him (he was eight), sitting in the shadow of the tree, backed up against the trunk. "Where am I" she said. "I just.......appeared here." Ben knelt down in front of the frightened girl, reaching out and fixing the pink flower crown on her head, which had tilted at an odd angle. "It's okay. You're at the Jedi temple. I'm Ben Solo. Who are you?" "Abby Grace. What's the Jedi temple?" Ben paused, trying to think of a way to explain. "It's a place for special people to learn about this thing called the Force. It's a really cool power, see?" He held out his hand, and a stick flew out of the bushes into it. He'd just been working on summoning objects and was proud to show it off. Abby's eyes widened. "Wow. That's cool" she said admirably. "But, what does it mean special people?" "Some people can use the Force" Ben said simply. "Some can't." "Oh" she said. Was it just him or did she sound kind of disappointed? Then she suddenly perked up again. "Can special people...." She paused, lowering her voice. " See things? " Ben lowered his voice, as well, feeling like she was going to share a wonderful secret. " What do you mean? " " I can see things no one else can. One day a person with golden eyes watched me on the playground. Another time I saw this lady wearing sunglasses, but I swear a snake popped out of her hat for a minute. And just today I was invited to a party, but it was a party full of boys with goats legs and girls that can walk right out of trees and rivers. No one else notices these people. Is that....normal? " Ben nodded. " There's aliens here too. Like, one girl in my class, she's a T'wiliek. She has green skin and two tails on her head. " " Whoa " Abby marveled. " But I don't see aliens. I see monsters. " "Well then" Ben said, lifting his voice again. "Maybe monsters exist too then." Her eye's widened to roughly the size of dinner plates. "You believe me?" "Of course I do. I've seen weirder things then goat boys." "You have? Like what?" "Hmmmm" he began. "They're kind of hard to explain." Then a noise ripped through the silence. A bell. "Oh man" Ben said. "I have to go now." "You do?" Abby sounded so disappointed it was sad. "Yeah, I'm afraid I do. But, here's an idea, how about you come back tomorrow? Same place. I have free time around three o'clock." "Me too" she agreed happily. "I'll see you tomorrow Ben!" She gave him a quick hug. She was surprisingly strong for her small frame and delicate features. But he returned the hug. "See you Abby." He broke away from her and ran towards the Jedi temple, not even noticing the fact that she dissolved into shadows. Chapter 4 : The Quest "Ben, Ben, Ben, Ben, Ben!!" Abby was so excited she was jumping up and down (which wasn't unusual) and she called his name about seventy times before she was sure she had his full and absolute attention. "You will not believe this" she said. " What Abby?" He didn't mean to sound kind of annoyed, but that's how it came out. Abby closed her mouth, looking kind of upset. "Sorry" he said quickly. "But you've got my attention the first three times you say my name, not the first seventy. What do you have to tell me?" "I figured out why there are monsters." "You did?" Now she had his interest. He had wondered the difference between monsters and aliens, but as she had told him more he had started to realize there was something magic about the monsters that Abby saw, something special. And he had begun to draw parallels between Abby and the monsters she so often spotted, but he never told her that. It would only have made her feel like she was even more different from everyone else, even her best friend. "What are they then?" "They are monsters. The Greek gods.....they're real ." This , Ben knew the significance of. Abby had (for a time) gone on about nothing but the Greek gods after reading these books about a kid named Percy Jackson and his adventures with Greek mythology in the real world. He was a son of one of the Greek gods. After that Abby had acted a bit more comfortable, like she was better equipped with knowledge than before. It was all kind of confusing for Ben, but Abby was good with laying that stuff out in the least confusing way possible. "And, the Titans are too. But that's the not-so-great part." "How can there be a not-so-great part to the Greek gods being real" Ben asked. "It has to be awesome. I wish I could see what you do." This was true. Abby's stories were so exciting, so thrilling, Ben wanted to be a part of it. Sure, being a Jedi was fun, but at times it was mind-numbingly boring. Like when he had to sit for hours in the morning and do nothing but meditate. He longed for adventure like the Jedi knights of the Old Republic that he learned about, or, heck, even Percy Jackson. Retrieving Zeus's lightning bolt, sailing the Sea of Monsters, holding up the sky, navigating the Labyrinth, or fighting the Titans all sounded hard, but they sounded exciting . A place where all the parents were deadbeat. No one was alone in feeling bitter about it. But he wondered who Abby's parent was. "Well........" Abby began. "You remember the time I told you about Kronos?" "I try to forget" he said jokingly, as the story was so horrifying, gory, dark, and plain disgusting that it had earned itself a well-earned place in both his and Abby's nightmares. "That's the issue. Apparently there's seven children of Kronos instead of six. One more girl. Get where I'm going with this yet?" "Ummmmmm, no?" "Then I guess I have to tell you, put it in black and white. I'm that seventh child. No, this is not a joke, not a late April fools, trust me, I asked." Ben's eyes widened. " You're " he whispered. " A daughter of Kronos? " " Yeah " Abby answered, in whispers as well. " That's why I can see through the Mist. That's why people, monsters and Titans, follow me. " She stopped whispering. "The Olympians gave me a job." "They did?" "Yeah. They say I'm powerful. Powerful enough to destroy the Titan base before Kronos rises again." "Really?" Ben knew he could probably be saying something more helpful or intelligent, but he didn't exactly know what. He didn't understand. "Really" Abby assured him. "I get to take people on the quest as well, but they're already chosen." "Oh." He hung his head. He had kind of thought it would be fun to go on an adventure with her, but then again he still had his Jedi training so he was already doing something interesting. "Hey, it's fine" Abby said at the look on his face. She placed a hand on his shoulder. Ben flinched at the physical contact. He just wasn't used to it. He met her gaze, those big, beautiful eyes. "I promise I'll come by during the quest and tell you about it. I swear on the River Styx." Thunder cracked as she made the oath. He had been told about the River Styx, the most solemn oath you can make. But there was something assuring about that promise and the huge responsibility his friend took on to make sure she stood by it. No one had said something like that to him......ever, really. "Thanks Abby" he mumbled. "Have fun saving the universe." Abby nodded. "Just like Percy Jackson?" "Yeah. Here's an idea. I'll try and guess what you do next. So, first you have to stop the Titans. What will happen next? Do you think you'll get to go to the Labyrinth or the Sea of Monsters? Or hold up the sky?" Abby shrugged. "Don't know if I want to hold up the sky. Bet you it's heavy ." "Guess you're right. But I know you can do this. I couldn't think of anyone better to send, not even Percy Jackson or his friends." Abby grinned at the faith Ben had in her. "Thanks Ben. But look at this." She held up a multicolor pen. "What do you think it does?" Ben stared at it for a second before breaking into a grin. "Don't tell me it's like Riptide." Abby nodded conspiratorially. "It's exactly like Riptide, except cooler." "What's cooler then a pen that can turn into a sword?" "A pen that can turn into multiple weapons. No, not all at once, but it has just about anything you could want. A scythe, spear, bow and arrows, knife, and my personal favorite, a sword." She flicked one of the buttons and the pen expanded into a wickedly sharp four-foot-long sword. She handled it with ease, twirling it in her fingers like she'd been doing that her whole life. "Wow" Ben said. "Just wow. But, remind me, whose idea was it to give you dangerous weapons?" Abby made a face at him. "Oh yeah, you're funny. It'll be fine. Could be worse. They could have handed me a vial of Greek fire." "Now that " Ben remarked. "Would be a disaster." "You're probably right" Abby sighed, transforming her sword back into a pen and slipping it into her pocket. She happened to glance at her watch as she did so. A Greek curse escaped her lips. "Ooops, sorry Ben, but I'm gonna be late if I don't get going like now ." "Late for what?" "Dinner. And then there's a game, and then a campfire." "Where?" "The place I'm living until I start the quest. Camp Olympus. So I guess I'll see you some other time?" "Yeah" he said. He sounded a bit dejected. "Hey, it's all good. Don't worry, I'll have one heck of a story to tell you next time!" "That great, you're right" he agreed. "Bye Abby." She backed into the shadow of the tree, and just like that, she was gone. Ben sat down, head in his hands. The cold of the shadows was overwhelming, but something made it comfortable. Some familiarity. But it wasn't like the presence he knew. It was older, darker, colder, unfriendly and dangerous. Hello Ben........ Chapter 5 : Dreams Laughing. Ben could hear laughing. He felt trapped, an unfamiliar weight on his head and neck, restricting his vision. He reached up, feeling for the edges of the mask on his head. He removed it and looked at the reflection in the polished surface. It was his own face, which didn't surprise him, but he was older, sadder, angrier. He felt different. Powerful. His attention returned to the laughing, and he realized where he was. A yawning pit was before him, a hundred feet across, spiraling down into blackness. He tried to step back from the edge, but it was like his feet were glued to the ground. He couldn't move an inch. "Ben Solo. I hope you are enjoying your little glimpse of the future." "Who are you" he called. "You will address me as Supreme Leader Snoke" the voice replied. It took Ben a second to register that it was coming from the pit. "What do you mean, the future?" "I mean this is what you have the potential to become. As the Lord of Time I should know a thing or two about that sort of thing." "Lord of Time? Like, the Titan Lord of Time?" "Hmmmm. I see you have learned to recognize me already. Yes, I suppose I am the Titan Lord of Time. But you will address me as Supreme Leader Snoke Kylo Ren." "Kylo Ren?" "Enough questions. I will have physical form soon enough, once Abby Grace finds her way into the trap." "Trap, what trap?!" Ben sounded frantic. He had to warn Abby! "No, you need not worry. You won't be seeing Abby until the trap has been sprung. For now you need not worry about any of this. Now is not your time. But remember this when your time does come." Ben was sucked out of the dream, back into the real world. He sat bolt upright in his bed, pulling the covers around him. He reached up to his face to make sure that the mask wasn't there anymore. He glanced across the room at the mirror above the dresser. Nothing had changed. He was still the fourteen-year-old boy Ben Solo, not that scary, angry man Kylo Ren. "It was a dream" he promised himself. "Just a dream. Kronos can't possibly do something like that. He's been dead for millennia." He ran his fingers through his hair, checking the clock. It was nearly time for the day to start. Another day at the Jedi temple, another day learning of the Force, another day without Abby, his best friend. Getting up, getting dressed, and going out the door were all a blur. In the lunchroom he was almost immediately cornered by his four-year-old cousin, Rey. "Hi Ben" she said, grinning up at him. "Hey Rey" he said, still rattled from his dream. "I don't really feel that great today. Can you go hang out with someone else?" She hung her head. "Okay." She walked away, while Ben took his place in the lunch line to grab some food. Once he had it he was again intercepted by someone-this time Master Luke. "What is it Master?" Luke folded his hands. "Why don't you come and eat while we talk. I have much to speak with you about." "Yes, of course Master." He followed Luke to the mediation area, where Luke had him sit on one of the low cushions, cross-legged and eat his food. Luke sat across from him. "I have sensed that you are having trouble." "Trouble? No, there's no trouble" Ben assured him, though he knew deep down that he was lying. He had to warn Abby about the trap. "Have you had any....dreams lately? No need to hide it, anything said will not be spoken of outside this room. You don't have to be embarrassed." "Well.......I guess I can tell you. I had a dream about a pit. And I was wearing a weird mask. There was a thing in the pit, it was talking to me. It told me my friend was in danger. That there was going to be trap set for her." "What's your friends name?" Master Luke inquired. "Abby Grace. I see her every now and then, but she's kind of preoccupied at the moment" he said. "Who is she? I don't think she's from the academy." "She, uhhhh, how in the galaxy do I explain this" he asked aloud. "She can, kind of, teleport." He watched Master Luke's face, waiting for his reaction. "Like, with some sort of apparatus" Luke said. "No actually." "Then how?" "You wouldn't believe me" Ben said. "Remember what I said Ben. Nothing will get repeated outside this room, so if you want to tell me something strange it's alright." Ben leaned his head a bit closer to his uncle, like he and Abby did if they were sharing a secret. " She uses magic. " " Magic? How? " " She's.....different. Not human, but not really an alien either. " "You were right, that is confusing" Luke said. "I can hardly understand it at times" Ben said. "And I've known her for six years now. But the deal is she was given a dangerous job and the thing in the pit.....I think that's one of her enemies-no, I'm sure that one of her enemies. It said there was a trap for her that was going to be sprung, but I don't know how to contact her and warn her about it." Luke sat back, thinking hard on the things Ben had said. "Ben......" he began, carefully planning out each word he said. "I..don't...think....you should be worrying as much as you are." "What? What do you mean? She's my best friend and she could very well be going off to her death!" "I know, and I understand your worry, but you must let people make their own paths. I'm sure if she is capable of magic she will be able to work her way out of many a situation." Ben shook his head. "There are monsters. Giants. Gods. They all exist, they can all use that magic, and half of them are out to get her. She's not safe Master, and I want to warn her about the trap." Luke placed a hand on his shoulder. "I have an idea. Close your eyes." Ben obeyed. "Now think. Focus on your friend. Focus on what you want to tell her. Use the Force. Call out to her." Abby...Abby...It's me, Ben! He could almost hear his attempts to contact her echoing in the silence of the room. "Yes, yes, good job. Now wait a second. See if she can respond." Another moment of silence and then...her voice, faint, but easily defined as hers. Ben! Ben! What......how? How come I can hear you? The Force. Now listen, there's a trap! The Titans set a trap for you! How do you know that? I had a dream, just listen. There's a trap, and you have to look out! Ok, trap, I've gotta watch out and....AH! What? There was a bit of background noise on her side of the connection, a scream and (for some reason) quite a few loud honking noises. Sorry. Gods of Olympus, next time I'd better watch the road when I'm driving. Thanks for letting me know about the trap! See ya! Her side of the connection closed and Ben opened his eyes. "Did it work" Master Luke asked. "Yeah, but I think I almost got her into a car crash. She was driving and the connection distracted her. Oops." "Alright. You may return to your lessons now. I need to think about this." Ben got up, took his plate, and left. He was sure Abby knew about the trap now. He allowed himself peace of mind at that, knowing he'd done what little he could to help her out. Chapter 6 : Trap "Alright, that's enough for today" Masker Luke said. Ben immediately jumped to his feet, glanced at the clock, and ran out. He had exactly two minutes to get to the tree. Otherwise he would miss her. Out of the Jedi temple, through the gardens, into the woods, and finally he stopped at the base of an old tree. He sat down, back against the trunk, gasping for breath. He had made it with one minute to spare. Now all he had to do was wait for his friend to appear. Abby ran through the grass as quietly as she could, praying that they wouldn't follow. No sound from the Titan base allowed her small piece of mind. Blood was still trickling down her face from that horrid knife slash, and she had no strength to repair the wound. The only sounds she could hear were blood rushing in her ears, heart beating in her chest, feet pounding on the ground, and wisps of wind that reminded her of Kronos's maniacal laughter. Her right hand shook as she clung to the hilt of her celestial bronze sword. She took a chance, reaching into her pocket and bringing out her phone. She had learned the hard way the mortal technology attracted monsters and she knew that her usage of a phone might re-alert the Titans to her presence, but she had no choice. She had no other way to call for help. Then she saw the time. "Holy styx" she muttered, slowing her mad dash away from the base. Maybe, just maybe, she would be able to shadow-travel there before she passed out. Even if she did make a safe phone call the odds were against her friends knowing where she was or even being able to find her before she collapsed into a piece of demigod roadkill. She made her decision, pocketing her phone and turning her sword back into a pen before pocketing that as well. But the only shadow she found there was her own. "Oh well" she said aloud. "I've done weirder things by now than play trust fall with my own shadow." She fell backwards, envisioning the glade and tree. Just before hitting the ground she disappeared into her shadow and began hurtling through blackness towards the Jedi temple. Do not try shadow-travel if you're scared of: A. The dark B. Cold shivers down your spine C. Contorting shapes moving in and out of your vision D. Going so fast you feel like your face is peeling off Otherwise it was great, but Abby was so used to it by now she hardly noticed. After a few seconds of this she stumbled back onto solid ground, right at her destination. No, like literally, she tripped over Ben's long legs as she backed away from the shadow of the tree. "Abby" he said, jumping to his feet and catching her before she fell. She felt like a fairy-tale damsel, but she couldn't help it. She was near fainting from exhaustion alone, not to mention blood loss and a million other things that were all screaming for attention in her head. But the first words that escaped her lips were; "Ben........I'm scared." He helped her up until she was standing on her own two feet but she still clung to his arms for support. "I'll bet you are" he said, looking over her bloody face, bruised arms, dirty clothes, and shaking legs. "What happened to you?" "T-Titans" she spluttered. "I was sent to their base and, Ben, Kronos rose and tried to kill me! You were right about the trap. I just barely got away." Ben pursed his lips, clearly not sure what to do with that information. She had explained her predicament with the Titans before, but he never really seemed to grasp it. Understand the pain it caused her. But the look on his face now......sympathy, understanding, and fear. The he did the last thing she expected. He pulled her into a hug. "I'm sorry Abby" he said. "But you'll be okay. The Titan's can't get you here." She placed her head on his chest, as he was taller than her and one or two years older-she was twelve. He was fourteen. "Here" he said soothingly. "I know who can help you. Master Luke. Come with me." Abby nodded weakly and allowed him to lead her off towards the Jedi temple. "Master, Master" Ben said, bursting into his uncle's quarters without even knocking. Luke was standing facing the window, but turned at the sound of his nephews frantic cries. "What is it Ben" he asked. "Wait, oh no" he added because he had caught sight of Abby, leaning on Ben for support, eyes half closed. "My friend, we met in the woods, she was attacked just before, she's hurt-badly" Ben rattled off, clearly scared for his friends life. Luke swept past him and out the door, calling over his shoulder to Ben. "Come, we'll take her to the infirmary. Hurry, hurry!" Ben and Abby followed. "I am not going to pass out" Abby mumbled. "I am not going to pass out." Ben grinned at her resilience. Just like Abby, he thought. Despite being beaten to a pulp she still refused to faint like a damsel in distress. "C'mon" he muttered soothingly. "Almost there." Master Luke threw open the infirmary door and took one of Abby's arms, helping her onto one of the cots. "On second thought" Abby said. "I lied. I am going to pass out." Her eyes rolled back in her head and she slumped down onto the cot. One of the medics ran over and began working on her, while Ben sat down in the nearest vacant chair. "Master Luke" he asked uncertainly. "Is she gonna be okay?" Luke looked down at the unconscious girl. "I don't know Ben. I just don't know." Abby woke up later, and sat up so fast she knocked heads with someone who was leaning over her. "OW" he exclaimed, backing away. She rubbed her forehead, blinking her eyes a few times before taking in the scene. She had accidentally hit Ben, he was standing a foot or so away from her bed. She assumed she was in the infirmary of the Jedi academy. "Sorry Ben, but why were you there in the first place?" He moved closer, like it was some sort of secret. "You were muttering something in your sleep. In Geek, I think, but I have no idea what you were talking about." She nodded. Then someone else came into the room. An older man with a kindly face and Jedi robes like Ben's. "Oh, I see you're awake" he said, coming straight over to her bed. "Ben, why don't you run along. She's awake, and you really should head outside. Everyone else is out there." "But-" Ben began to protest, but the look on the man's face shut him up. "Yes Master." He turned around and left the infirmary. The man looked at Abby, and she sat up on her elbows. "Ben told me about you. I'm Luke Skywalker. You can call me Master Luke." "Oh, you're his uncle" Abby said. "Yes, I am. Tell me, what attacked you?" Abby saw no point holding back the information from this man. But she was afraid he wouldn't get it. "Speak your thought child" he said kindly. "You wouldn't understand. You've probably never heard of my kind before." She said my kind because she was Kronos's daughter, but she would not be sharing that tidbit with Master Luke, kind as he may be. "What is your kind?" "Titans. Similar to humans, except taller, more powerful, and millennia older. But don't worry, I'm just as young as I look. I'm twelve. I'm special among my kind, as I was born with much more human in me then normal. But that made me kind of vulnerable. I was attacked by some others." Luke nodded, seemingly trying to wrap his head around this information. "I've never really heard about Titans before. Are they dangerous?" "Yes" she said, without hesitation. "But only a few of them, mostly the males. My father in particular. But we don't really stand by family ties as-Oh gods, this is so difficult to explain!" "Gods?" "Yeah, like-You know what, this is giving me a headache! Can I explain some other time?" Master Luke nodded. "Of course. I hate to bring this up, but I'm afraid I have to tell you of your injuries." "Alright" she said. "Tell me." "Of course, you had a cut-knife slash?" "Yep." "On your face, but we stitched that up. You also had two broken ribs and a bit of internal bleeding. All those problems were fixed." "Broken ribs? Internal bleeding? Why am I not surprised" she said sarcastically. "What happened to you?" "Like I said, I got in a fight with some of the Titans. I-obviously-lost, and got pretty beat up. Of course, all my friends were in trouble and I was distracted and-" Luke held up his hand. "Calm yourself. Rest" he insisted. Abby shook her head. "Here. Can you hand me my backpack please?" "Yes, of course." He handed her the small backpack she had been wearing when she arrived. She reached into her pockets and brought out her cell phone and pen, slipping them into the front pocket of her backpack. Then she opened the largest pocket and pulled out a plastic bag of slightly crushed ambrosia. "What is that" Master Luke asked. "Godly food" she said, taking a piece and stuffing it into her mouth. She chewed it up and swallowed before continuing to explain. "It's magic, speeds up healing." "Oh, okay" he said. Then she grabbed her water bottle and had a sip as well. "This is just water. But now I really have to go. My friends are probably absolutely frantic wondering where I am." "If you must leave at least allow us to provide you with a meal, change of clothes, and a shower if you want." She smiled. "All of that would be nice I suppose. Thank you Master." Ben sat in the gardens, meditating to calm himself. At least he knew his friend was alright. "Look, big ears Ben is in time-out again" he heard someone laugh. "It's meditation geniuses" he yelled back, without even opening his eyes. He knew those kids. He knew they were just trying to piss him off. They just laughed harder and came over to him. "Pfft, yeah right" one of them scoffed. "Does it have something to do with that piece of dirt you dragged in earlier?" "That was my friend, and she was very, very hurt thank you very much" Ben snapped. "You don't have friends, especially not girls" another kid laughed. "Oh really?" He turned. Abby was standing there, arms crossed, and wow did she look better. She had clearly been fed and had a shower. Her clothes were a cape over a tunic and leggings, with tall black boots. She looked a bit scary with the scar from her knife wound running down her cheekbone. Her backpack was slung over her back. "Hey Ben" she said, completely ignoring the other kids. "I was just about to head out, but had to come say bye." "Yeah..." he said uncomfortably, eyeing the other kids nervously. They looked like they wanted to burst out laughing. One of them stepped forward. "Hey, hot stuff, what are you doing hanging out with big ears Ben? He's in time-out. Why don't you come with us? Maybe you can stop by my place later." Abby arched her eyebrows. "Call him that again. Do it, I dare you" she said, glaring at him so icily he should have backed down right then and there. Ben saw the outburst coming. No one else did. Abby's eyes had began to glow, not very noticeably, but enough to foreshadow her anger. But the kid was either the bravest or the stupidest in the group, because he took the dare. "Yeah, that's him. Big ears Ben." Then multiple things happened at once. All the other kids burst out laughing. The kid who had spoken did too, until Abby unsheathed her celestial bronze sword. Her hand locked onto his wrist, making sure he couldn't escape. The other kids took one look at her sword and the fire in her eyes, then ran. Ben jumped up, trying to grab her sword arm and drag her away. "ABBY, NO" he yelled, tugging uselessly at her cape. Her hand began to steam, blistering the kids wrist. "You're very, very lucky" she hissed. "That you can't be hurt by celestial bronze. Otherwise I would make sure you went to Hades the hard way here and now." She let the kid go, and he ran, tripping over himself in an effort to get away. Abby sheathed her sword, looking a bit sheepish. Ben crossed his arms over his chest, feigning a look of disapproval. "Now, now" he said with a falsetto tone. "We can't be threatening the other kids with swords, can we?" Abby grinned. "I dunno." They both began to laugh. "Hot stuff" he said, chuckling at the name they had called her. "Don't know about that either. But I don't think you have bad-looking ears" she said, almost shyly. "Do I" he asked. She started laughing harder at his expression, mystified and humorous. She clutched her ribs, gasping for air. "Gods of Olympus, I'm gonna break my ribs again just laughing this hard" she gasped. "But I really have to go now." "Do you" he asked, sounding disappointed. "Yes, like I said to Master Luke, my friends will be going absolutely frantic looking for me." He looked down sadly. "Hey" she said, placing her hand on his shoulder. "I promise next time'll be better. I won't be a damsel-in-distress next time." He shrugged. "I kind of liked being a knight in shining armor." They embraced. "See you later Abby. Same time, same place, next week" he said. She nodded. "I can do that. Later Ben." And she was gone into the shadow of a nearby tree. Ben heard a chuckle behind him. "Why does something tell me she's not human." It was Master Luke. "I don't know Master. She's a great friend and she's powerful. Although I personally don't care whether or not she's human. She's still awesome" Ben said. He turned away from Master Luke, staring at the place where Abby had disappeared. Behind him Luke pondered his words. He made up his mind in his head. This is good for him. He needs a friend like that, and does it matter whether or not they're human? I think not. Luke turned and walked back to the Jedi temple, leaving Ben at that same spot. Ben didn't really notice. He was already jumpy with anticipation for next week. Chapter 7 : Sled Notes: IDK, this is just a fluffy filler part, so yeah, sorry if it's random, again filler. "What's that?" Abby glanced down at the sled in her hands. "It's snowing, isn't it?" Ben looked up at the gray clouds and inches of snow on the ground. "Yeah. So?" "So? Oh, you've never been sledding before" Abby marveled. "Well, you're in for a treat! Are there any hills around here?" "Umm, yeah, this way." Ben took her hand and led her through the woods, to the hill he climbed every day to get to the tree. A long, steep, stretch of snow leading down to the gardens of the Jedi Temple. Abby put the sled down on the ground and rubbed her hands together. "Perfect." She sat down on the front of the sled. "Hop on." He hesitated a second before climbing on behind her. "Uhh, can I...." he asked, kind of awkwardly. Abby realized what he wanted to do. "That's fine" she assured him. He put his arms around her, and she hung on to the little rope that wrapped around the front of the sled. She glanced behind her at him. Little snowflakes clung to her hairline and eyelashes. Ben grinned at how beautiful she looked, even with the scar mark on her face from that summer. "Ready" she asked. He nodded. "Good, cause here we go!" She pushed off the ground with one hand and the sled began to move, runners cutting through the smooth snow. Ben's mouth dropped open. "This is awesome" he said aloud. "I know, right" Abby agreed. "It's the perfect hill too!" The speed picked up, wind whipping at their faces. Abby's hair flew out behind her (which it did in even the slightest breeze), and Ben ducked around so he was looking over her other shoulder. It really was the perfect hill, with hardly a jolt in their ride. That is, until the end. Both of them had forgotten the icy stone paths along the bottom of the hill that led around the gardens, and, coming into contact with these the sled skidded out of control, tossing them off. They tumbled over each other, laughing, a tangle of arms and legs. They both lay there for a second, trying to quiet their laughter, and then Ben happened to glance at the three pairs of shoes that belonged to the three people staring down at them. Master Luke and, worse, Ben's parents. "Master Luke" Abby said, disentangling herself from his limbs and getting to her feet. "Nice to see you again! And these are...." Ben's face turned so warm he couldn't believe the snow beneath him didn't melt right then and there. He got to his feet as well. "Abby" he began. "These are my parents." Abby's face turned pink. "They are? Well, nice to meet you. I'm Abby Grace, Ben's friend." She smiled at them. Ben grinned as well. No one could stay mad at Abby if she smiled like that, so innocent and friendly. She held out her hand to them. Leia reacted first. She shook Abby's hand, smiling right back at her. "Nice to meet you to Abby. I'm Leia Organa, Ben's mother. Quick question-what were you two doing?" Ben knew that would come up, because it probably looked quite strange. Abby kept everything in check, as usual. "Oh, just sledding. But we kind of crashed. Speaking of that, what happened to the sled?" She turned around in a circle, zeroing in on the sled. It had ended up a few meters away, upside down. "Wait Ben, I have a question" she asked. "Guess what the sled is?" He shrugged. "I don't know." "Watch this" she said. She held out her hand and the sled flew into it, but as it moved it changed into a small, multicolor pen. Ben laughed aloud. "Why am I not surprised" he asked. "You said that thing was awesome and you're right! I mean, all the weapons are cool and all, but a pen that can turn into a sled?" Abby grinned. "Made that modification myself. No idea why. Just so it would be easier to carry around." Ben nodded. "Of course you did." Abby turned back to the adults. "And you would be......?" Han shook her hand as well. "I'm Han Solo, Ben's father." "Nice to meet you" Abby said brightly. "Sorry about that. Like I said, sledding, and it is really perfect out here for that." "Oh" Han said. "Cause I was gonna take Ben for a ride in the Falcon...." Leia turned to him. "How about we give them a few more minutes? After that you can teach Ben to fly the Falcon. They seemed to have such a great time." Han nodded. "Okay then. You kids have fun." Ben grabbed Abby's hand. "C'mon then! I'll beat you there!" He ran off, still holding Abby's hand. She laughed, slipping her hand out of his. "How am I supposed to race you if you're holding my hand?!" She ran after him up the hill. Leia looked at Luke. "You know her?" "Yes, I've met her once before" Luke said. "Ben speaks quite highly of her." Leia looked back up at the hill, where Ben and Abby were gearing up for another ride. He put his arms around her, just like before. "She seems a nice enough girl" Leia speculated. "Yes, she's quite agreeable most times" Luke agreed. "When I met her she was very polite. But she does have a bit of a temper." "All kids do" Leia said, brushing that off. "I dunno" Han said. "She's kind of weird. That pen thing...it's not normal." Luke sighed. "Why don't you two step inside. I'll explain her to you where we're not out in the cold." Chapter 8 : Camp Olympus Notes: More filler! Just a bit about what Abby does on a daily basis aside from hang out with Ben. Abby never had a normal day. Probably because they regularly consisted of teaching small children to fight with real weapons, flying horses, and shadow-traveling to meet her best friend when she had a few spare minutes to kill. That day was no different. Wake up at seven-thirty so she was present for breakfast at eight, where she would announce that day's activities. Ever since she had come back from her quest last summer she had quickly risen to the very top at Camp, only under Chiron and the gods (No surprise there). But she still hung out with her other friends, Mitchell and Zach and Vincent and Eden and Rebecca and Grace-all the people that had gone on the quest with her. Everyone else either mocked her behind her back or was sacred of her. No one knew about Ben. She had come up with an arsenal of excuses for why she would disappear for elongated periods of time, ranging from was reading a good book to catching wild pegasi. Lucky her she was a good liar when it came to that stuff, so she hardly had to look up from what she was doing to answer if someone tried to interrogate her about it. Again, today was no different. One of the first questions she got that morning was from Vincent. "Where were you during campfire?" "Decided to hit the sack early" she answered automatically. Unfortunately, being her second-best friend, Vincent managed to find a kink in the lie. "Oh really? Since when does Abby Grace go to bed early?" "Because I was tired, that's why" she snapped. "Give me a break!" Vincent took this as a sign that she wanted to be left alone and went back to his breakfast. Abby looked away, out over the water at the faraway city of Boston. So funny to think she had once been so normal . She rolled her shoulders, trying to remove all tension and negativity from herself. Today was going to be a good day. She just had to say that, didn't she? Because she jinxed herself. The second she thought that two of the kids from the Ares cabin came over to her table. Max and Mikey, twins, eternally annoying, and chief bullies at Camp. "Hey Abby" Max began. "I thought the gods sent you on that quest because they thought you would actually get it done! How come you're so high up then, when you can't even complete one quest?" "How much did you pay them" Mikey asked. Abby rolled her eyes at the sky of the open dining pavilion. "Who says I failed" she said. "Who says I'm not actually carrying out top-secret orders from Olympus to do exactly what I'm doing?" "We do, because we're not stupid" Mikey said. "Oh really" Abby scoffed. "I beg to differ." "The gods wouldn't ask you to let Kronos return. Who knows? You might actually be smart enough to get a ruse past every single one of the gods, right under their noses, and you're actually working for Kronos?" They both laughed. Abby sighed angrily. "Maybe she's not even as powerful as she's made out to be" Mikey speculated. "Maybe it's all a bluff, propaganda." "Are you questioning my power" Abby asked, putting down her glass of orange juice and rising from her chair. The other kids could see what was going on now. They probably thought it was going to be hilarious when she got pounded by Max and Mikey. But she still had one trick up her sleeve. She focused on her anger, anger that belonged to a much more powerful being-a Titan. She focused on the most obvious sign of her mortality-her eyes. "Wouldn't it be funny" she said quietly. "If all of a sudden my eyes turned into Titan's eyes. And you two would run off screaming in terror." Max laughed. "You can't do that! You can't do anything! You're just a fake-" Abby felt a burning sensation behind her eyes, and Mikey screamed. "HER EYES" he yelled. "WHAT HAPPENED TO HER EYES!?" She smirked at him. "One word: Run." Max and Mikey tripped over themselves trying to back away, running back to the Ares table. Abby glanced at her reflection in her glass. Her eyes looked like pools of molten gold. She grinned wider and blinked a few times. They reverted to normal. "Note to self" she said quietly. "Bullies are scared of Titan eyes." She drained the glass of orange juice before standing up to list that days activities. Another thing about that day: she had no time to see Ben. That wasn't good. She had something planned for the next time they saw each other-a field trip if you will. She got the feeling he would enjoy taking a trip the Camp. But it wasn't all bad. She got to meet an interesting new camper. That day she was called to the Big House during pegasi flying lessons. She had the next eldest camper there-a twelve-year-old-supervise while she answered the call. Aphrodite was standing on the porch with a little girl, ginger, six or seven years old. She had icy blue eyes that seemed to go right through Abby. "Hello my lady" Abby said politely. "What brings you here?" "My daughter. She's going to stay at Camp as a year-rounder." "Mmmkay" Abby said. "No mortal parents?" "Not that can take care of her, no." "Oooh." Abby sympathized with the girl. She had-for obvious reasons-no mortal family to go back to either, and she knew how it felt. "Hey there" she said, getting down on the girls eye level. "What's your name?" "Adriana" she said confidently. "Well, nice to meet you Adriana. I'm Abby Grace, the activities director here at camp. You're gonna love it here." Adriana nodded, and her eyes fell on Abby's scar. "Where'd that come from?" She pointed to it. "Oh, this? Just a weapons malfunction" Abby lied. "There are weapons here? Real ones?" "Yep." "Cool!" She did a little jump with excitement. "Okay, now tell Aphrodite goodbye" Abby told her. Adriana turned and hugged the goddess. "Bye mom!" Aphrodite hugged her daughter. "Goodbye" she said brightly, before dissolving into light. Abby sighed. It was so nice to see immortals connect with their children, even in the smallest ways, because it hardly ever happened. Abby took Adriana's hand instead, leading her out into the camp and back towards the stables where the class had been going on. "Okay" Abby began. I'm gonna give you the tour, get you fitted with weapons, etc. But first I've gotta dismiss my class." "Are those flying horses?" The little girls eyes were wide with amazement. Abby grinned. Little Adriana reminded her of Rey, Ben's six-year-old cousin. Abby sometimes saw her around the Jedi temple. But as much as Abby and Ben enjoyed walking around the Jedi temple they were really finding times more enjoyable when it was just the two of them, sitting under the tree, talking about this or that or anything in between. "Yes, they are" Abby said. She turned and addressed the class. "You guys can go early. I have a new camper to show around! No, no, come down here Damien!" All the kids flew down on their pegasi and dismounted, walking off in twos and threes towards wherever their next activity was. "This is the pegasi stable" Abby announced to Adriana. "Now let's go get you a weapon." No, wait, don't think that it was crazy to give the little kids weapons because it wasn't. All demigods had to learn to handle weapons from a young age or they would never survive outside the boundaries of Camp, where monsters could get to them. Speaking of monsters, Abby and the border patrol had noticed monsters prowling the border more often, usually back near the less-guarded area of the woods. Abby got the feeling they were being targeted and scouted, but she never told anyone these suspicions except Chiron, because a mass panic wouldn't help matters. Adriana let go of her hand and ran into the large tool shed that served as a storage area for weapons, nearby the forge. She rooted through the weapons, Abby standing by just in case. Abby was honestly wondering whether or not she could pick up any of the weapons she was handling, but then Adriana found a wickedly sharp, ten-inch knife. She held it up to the light, examining the celestial bronze edges. "I like this one" she said to Abby. "Yeah, I think you'll do well with that one" Abby agreed. "Fighting Annabeth Chase or Piper McLean style. Those are famous demigods who fought with knives. I can fight with a knife too, but I prefer a sword or scythe." "What's a scythe?" "This." Abby took out her pen, flicked the purple button, and they both watched it extend into the deadly three feet of Stygian iron Abby knew, it's grip wrapped in leather and handle encased in bronze so you couldn't cut it in half, an easy score with such a long handle. "See? Very hard to fight with, disastrous should you use it wrong. Takes a lot of practice. Knives are a bit easier, but not much. It takes a very quick and clever fighter to use a knife." "I have what it takes" Adriana assured her. Abby smiled at the confident little girl. "I bet you do." Chapter 9 : Paradise "Do you want to see the Camp?" Of course Ben wanted to. Of course he said yes, and stepped away with Abby into that world. Shadow-travel was weird, but not frightening. Abby's grip on his hand dragged him through the darkness, out into blazing sunlight. It was just like the forest at the Jedi temple, trees rising for at least fifteen feet, pines needles crunching on the ground under their feet. Light filtered through the branches, glowing spotlights of golden warmth. Cool breezes passed overhead, rustling the grass and brushing his skin. Abby let go of his hand, beginning to walk towards what he assumed was the edge of the woods. He followed, marveling at the sheer beauty of everything he passed. It didn't surprise him this place was an outpost of the gods. So far it looked pretty much like paradise. A stream trickled past them, glittering clear blue water over a sandy bottom and smooth stones. Everything was pristine and picture-perfect. Abby ducked underneath an archway between two trees, beckoning for him to do the same. He made his way under the branches and came out on the top of a hill. The stream ran past them, falling in a miniature waterfall down the hill and through camp. "Welcome" Abby said, spreading her arms over the scene. "To Camp Olympus." It took him a minute or two for him to take it all in. At least a hundred people were milling around, say, thirty buildings. And that wasn't even counting the shrines to the gods, which stood, gleaming along the beach. The cabins were nestled at the edge of the woods, with all the activities in between. Abby grinned at him. "Told you it was cool." He shook his head. "If I ever said it wasn't, this is awesome . Is that the PVP arena?" He pointed to one of the buildings. Abby patted his shoulder. "Good job. That's the PVP arena, yeah, but why don't I give you a tour instead of making you guess what everything is?" He nodded. "Okay. Everything is just so......" He struggled to find the right words. "Perfect" he decided. Abby sighed. "I guess that's to make up for the people." "What do you mean?" "Just stay out of the way of the Ares cabin in general and you should be fine. Most everyone else listens to me without me having to scare them first. I don't like controlling people by fear, but in the case of the Ares cabin I have to." Ben nodded. Abby was so kind he was surprised she needed to scare anyone. But he remembered how angry she'd become when the kids at the Jedi temple had called him big ears Ben. Sometimes that kindness could get the better of her, turn to anger when someone tried to bully the people she cared about. "You ready?" she asked. "I'm ready." "Okay. Final important question-do you trust me?" "What? Of course I trust you," he promised. She grinned. "Then jump." "What?!" "Jump off the hill." It was even steeper then the one at the Jedi temple, almost a vertical slope. "This is a magic camp" she said. "And do you really think I'd let my best friend fall to his death?" "No" he said. And he jumped. Abby whistled and something flew under him, catching him as he fell. Abby jumped after him, landing on the creature. "Ben meet Pegasus, the Lord of Horses." The winged horse nickered, turning it's head to look at them. From what Abby had told him Ben had imagined Pegasus pure white in color, but this horse was every color you could imagine on a horse. Brown, black, rust, gray, sliver, with splatters of gold and red on the tip of his nose. It's wings went out to each side for at least five feet. It was a majestic animal. It neighed again, more impatiently this time. "Okay, okay" Abby said. "Calm down. And don't say I'm just showing off, because I'm not. You are my usual ride. I will get you some apples, but once you put us down. Over by the Big house, thanks." Ben could have sworn it nodded, then turned it's head and beat it's wings against the air, flying off towards a house on the other end of camp. It was only about two or three stories tall, painted white. Pegasus cantered to a stop at the front of the house, just off the porch steps. Abby slid off the horses back with ease, Ben coming down as well. Of course he had flown before, his dad had taught him how to fly the Falcon at least a year ago now, but this felt different. Free. "Thanks Pegasus" Abby said, patting the horses neck. It rubbed it's nose against her face affectionately. From behind her back Abby produced an apple, and the horse ate it right out of her hand. It shot Ben a look like Do you have anything for me? He shrugged. "Sorry Pegasus. Abby didn't tell me we would be flying with the Lord of Horses today. But thanks for the ride, it was fun." The horse nuzzled his face before taking off into the sky. Abby tapped Ben so he stopped staring at where Pegasus had disappeared into the sky. "C'mon. Time for your grand VIP tour." Abby showed him everything. The armory was their first stop. Ben had never seen so many dangerous weapons in his life. He tried a few of them, swords mostly, but none felt right in his hands, like a lightsaber did. Abby said it was only because of a lack of practice. "You see, most demigods can naturally handle swords well, but you've gotta find one that fits your style. And all of the people here aren't demigods. Some are legacies, children of demigods. Some have powers, most don't, but all can be trained to fight. Those are the cases where practice is most important, because the instinct can fade over time." Next was the arts and crafts center. It wasn't the most impressive place, but there was music playing from speakers in the corners. Abby grinned. "This is my jam" she said. "Taylor Swift! YEAH!" She did a little jump, singing along to the song. "Cause for a moment a band of thieves in ripped-up jeans got to ruuuule the world! LONG LIVE, the walls we crashed through, how the kingdom lights shined just for me and you!" She caught Ben's arm. "C'mon, sing along!" "I don't know the words" he protested, but he found her enthusiasm funny. He knew his face was red. "And I'm not dancing either, so don't even think about it" he insisted, beating her to the idea. Abby smirked. "Yeah, save that for theater class." She made for the door. "What?!" "I'm messing with you" she said. "Hurry up, more stuff to see!" Then they saw the forge, PVP arena, cabins, shrines to the gods, beach, mess hall, sports field, archery range, pegasus stables, and the three Greek triremes moored to the dock at the beach. By the time the tour ended Ben's mind was buzzing from all the crazy stuff he had seen. It was getting late, but Abby convinced him to stay for dinner. "Trust me" she had said. "The food is the best. And if you have not had pizza, you have not lived, so let's go!" At the mess hall Ben felt eyes on him all through the meal. Whispers and pointing fingers, all aimed at him. He shifted, all of a sudden wishing he wasn't wearing his Jedi robes. Abby picked up on the unwanted attention. Ben wondered if there was anything about him she didn't know. But then again, there was that.........."Are you done" she asked, jerking him out of his thoughts. He glanced down at his half-eaten pizza. "Yeah" he said quickly. "I'm done." "Good." Abby rubbed her hands together, like she did when she had a really good (read: bad) idea. "Cause there's one more thing I want to show you." She led him out of the mess hall, back to the beach. For a second he didn't realize what she wanted to show him. Then she pointed towards the horizon, and he saw it. The glow of city lights, pulsating just at the edge of his vision. "What is that" he asked. "Boston Massachusetts. My old stomping ground. Big city. Loads of people. Over a hundred Dunkin Donuts venues. Nice place." She shrugged. "But it looks really cool from out here." "Yeah, yeah" he said. She sat down in the sand, pulling her knees up to her chest. He sat down next to her and put his arms around her, which came as a bit of a surprise. He wasn't exactly a hugger, but this embrace felt comfortable and warm, her head leaning against his shoulder, his arms crossed over her chest. There was perfect silence for a moment, just the waves lapping against the beach. All of a sudden he felt an urge, and urge to.... " Abby " he breathed, a quiet whisper. His lips ghosted over the skin of her cheek, planting a quick kiss there before retreating, wondering what her reaction would be. She moved, turning her head to face him. "You missed" she said simply. "What-" She caught the front of his shirt, pulling him to her lips.But it wasn't a forceful, rough kiss. It was gentle, exploring the feeling of another's lips pressed into their own, testing each others limits. " I love you Ben " Abby whispered through the kiss. " I know " he replied. Chapter 10 : Padawan-Part One Summary: This is part is a sort-of filler part. Sorry if these parts aren't the best writing I can offer, these are all kind of filler until Ben turns to the Dark side. I'll try to keep it interesting and put a disclaimer in if any part has nothing of importance and is just fluff and filler. XOX, AbbyGrace31415 "Ben, wait a moment." Ben turned before running out the door with the other students. "What is it Master?" Luke smiled at him. "I believe that you are ready." "Ready for what?" "I have waited too long for this, but I think you are ready to become my apprentice." "I am?" Ben was shocked. "Yes" Luke said. "Like I said, I probably waited too long before taking an apprentice, but that cannot be helped now. Do you think you're ready?" "Yes, of course Master." His shock had rapidly changed to excitement. He was one step closer to being a Jedi. "Good. You can have today and tomorrow off from training before we begin. But now run along outside. I think there's someone out there who wants to hear about this." Ben turned and ran out of the training room, running for the front door. But when he threw the door open it wasn't Abby, like he'd expected. It was his mother and father, along with uncle Chewie. But this only partially drowned his enthusiasm. "Mom! Dad" he said. "Guess what?!" "Luke told us Ben" Leia said, hugging him. "You're going to be his apprentice." "Mom" he said. "You're crushing me." "Sorry Ben" she said, letting him go. Han ruffled his hair. "Good job kid." He grinned. "Thanks." Chewie howled and hugged him as well. Despite the fact that over ten years had gone by the wookiee would still lift him right off his feet when he hugged him. After a minute the wookiee put him down again and Leia caught his attention again. "Okay, so you know how Luke said you get today and tomorrow off? Well, that's because I was thinking we could have a little party for you. Not too over the top. Just some friends." Ben creased his eyebrows. "A party" he asked. "Yes" Leia said. "You can invite your girlfriend too." His face turned beet red. "How do you know about that?" "Luke sees you two around some time. He says he can tell." "Well, I guess he's right" Ben admitted. "What time is it, cause she should be around here somewhere...." He reached out with the Force like he had done three years ago to warn Abby about the trap. Hey, Abby! Yeah? Can you show up, like now? I'm at the front doors of the Jedi temple. My parents want to see you. Why? Nothing bad, just show up, please? Sure, I guess. A thought struck him. No, wait, don't teleport directly- She appeared, but behind his parents so no one saw her step right out of Chewbacca's shadow. "Hi" she said. His parents turned to see her standing next to Chewbacca. "Nice to see you again Mr. and Mrs. Solo. Ben says you wanted to talk to me?" "Where did you come from" Han asked. "Oh, I was just hanging around" she said simply. Leia smiled at her. "Well, Ben's been made Luke's padawan learner and we were throwing a party for that, so we were wondering if you wanted to come." Abby's face lit up. "Ben, you've been made Luke's padawan? When did that happen?" "I literally found out like, two minutes ago, so yeah, two minutes ago" he said. "Of course I can come! When is the party?" "Tonight at six" Leia informed. "At Ben's house. I'm sure you know where that is." "Mom" Ben corrected. "It's not my house if I have not lived there for the past, I dunno, twelve years. It's your house." "I suppose that's right. You still know where that is?" "Yeah" Abby said. "I'll be there." "Oh dear, I almost forgot" Leia added. "You can invite your parents too if you want. We'd be happy to meet them." Abby's face turned the color of bug juice and she suddenly became very interested in the toes of her sneakers. "What is it" Leia asked. "Nothing" Abby said quickly. "I've just gotta-" She made a quick gesture behind her and turned around, running off into the gardens. Something told Ben she was crying. "What did I say" Leia asked, turning to Ben. Ben looked around. "She, kind of, has issues with her parents" he said. "They weren't the best people, or at least her dad wasn't." "Oh" Leia said quietly. "Well, can you tell her I didn't mean to offend. I didn't know." "I'm sure it's alright" Ben assured his mother. "It's just her dad seriously screwed up her life, and it's kind of a touchy subject. Her mom is hardly ever around either." "Just do me a favor and tell her that I didn't mean to be rude" Leia asked her son. "Please. Then we have to go get ready." Ben nodded and took off after Abby. She had made it all the way to the other side of the gardens and the lake by the time he caught her. She was tossing stones into the lake, throwing them as far as she could. Ben could tell she was angry. "Hey, Abby" he said, coming up behind her. She turned around, dropping the stones she was holding. "Oh, it's you" she said. Her face was blotchy. "Are you okay" he asked. "I don't know" she burst out. "I just wish I was a bit more normal. Your dad knows somethings wack about me and I don't think he approves of it very much. Not being able to answer to something as simple as inviting your parents to a party.....it's just not normal, or right." He put his arm around her. "Abby, it's okay. If you can't then you can't, and that's fine with me. As long as you're there. My mom didn't mean to offend. She just didn't know." Abby shrugged. "Now that I think about it my mom will probably want to come. She'll find it interesting, all the mortal stuff. She probably needs it to be honest." Ben chuckled. "See? It's not all bad. And it's still a party. You love those." Abby nodded, grinning widely now. For a second there was silence. "Hey Ben" she said, all of a sudden. "I'm thinking of a song." He shook his head. "And I think you know it." "I know it, but I'm not singing" he insisted. She rolled her eyes, but sang it anyway. "Cause for a moment a band of thieves in ripped-up jeans got to...." Her voice trailed off, letting him fill in the next part. "Rule the world" he finished, grinning. He didn't sing, only spoke the words, but that was enough. "Long live" Abby continued quietly. "The walls, we crashed through, how the kingdom lights shined just for" "Me and you!" He leaned over and kissed her lips, just a quick moment. They both laughed a bit at the little singalong. He let her go. "See you tonight" he promised, before running back to his parents. Chapter 11 : Padawan-Part Two Ben hated his house, now that he thought about it. He hadn't really been there in years, and it was stupid. He hated all the glamour, all the things that made it stand out from everyone else. It wouldn't be that way at all if his parents weren't heroes of the Rebellion, his mother wasn't a princess, his father wasn't such a talented pilot. Of course, his mother's idea of a small party was inviting some of the people from the senate, which meant everything was glamorous and over-the-top. It was annoying, the one party they throw for him since he was left in Master Luke's care, and it wasn't even a normal party. He understood Abby's embarrassment at her parents not being the classic definition of normal . Normal, simple, easy, those words meant nothing. At least he didn't have to wear anything weird, except for the padawan braid. He got to wear formal Jedi robes and had a bit of his longish hair pulled back in the braid all Jedi padawans wore, according to Master Luke. He showed as well, along with one of Ben's dads friends, Lando Calrissian. He was weird. Ben remembered meeting him a few times before. But all of that was muted once Abby showed up. She and her mother appeared at the front door promptly at six. Ben had a good laugh to himself. Of course the daughter of the Lord of Time isn't late, or early for that matter. "What are you grinning at" Lando asked him. "Nothing" Ben said quickly, remembering how Abby wanted to appear as normal as possible to his family. "Is that your girlfriend?" "Yeah." Ben was already heading for the door. Once he was just inside he heard Abby muttering to her mother. "Okay, listen. Don't mention dad, anything magical, the gods, or anything that happened outside the past few years, got it?" "Yes, of course I do. Abby, you'd think I can't act normal socially the way you freak out about it." Ben could imagine Abby rolling her eyes at this. "Just don't embarrass me. His dad already knows something wack about me, so don't give him a reason to think this isn't going to work." At this Ben opened the door. "Hi Abby" he said. "And this would be your mom?" "I'm Rhea" the woman said, smiling and holding out her hand. Ben shook it, trying to look as dignified as possible with his hair in a braid. Abby caught sight of that and grinned, but didn't point it out. He loved that about her. She would notice small details, but knew what to call out and what not to call out. "Come on in" Ben said, stepping out of the way of the door and allowing them to walk into the main hall of the house. "Follow me." He lead them down the hall to the ballroom where the party was taking place. While they walked he allowed himself to glance at Abby from time to time, taking in her appearance. She was wearing a black leather jacket over a mint green dress that went down to her knees, then leggings and boots. Her hair was tied back in one long braid. They walked into the room and Leia immediately came over, smiling. "Hello Abby. Nice to see you could come. Is this your mother?" Abby nodded, smiling back at Leia. Rhea held out her hand to Leia as well. "Nice to meet you Mrs. Solo. I'm Rhea." Abby leaned over and whispered to Ben. " I can already see where this is going. Mom talk. A.K.A. two moms ending up in a three-hour long conversation. " Ben chuckled. " Yeah. Let's get out of here while we still can. " He took her arm and led her off, towards a separate area of the party. Suddenly Abby seemed to remember something. "Oh gods, I almost forgot" she exclaimed, and held up her hands. "What'd you forget" Ben asked. "This." A long blue package appeared out of thin air and fell into Abby's hands. She held it out to him. "For you." "You didn't have to get me a present" Ben objected, but he was grinning widely. "What even is it?" "You'll see" Abby said, shooting him a grin. He put the package down on one of the nearest tables and began to open it. Once the blue paper was gone he saw a shiny gold case for something. He opened the case. Lying inside it was a long, celestial bronze sword. He picked up the blade. It wasn't as heavy as the ones he'd seen in the armory of camp, it was lighter and a bit easier for him to handle at first. "Whoa" he exclaimed, holding it up in front of him. The case and wrapping paper dissolved into smoke, no doubt another one of Abby's magic tricks. It glowed in the dim party lights, bathing that area of the room in a bronze glow. "Did you make this?" Abby nodded. "Yep. Sure, I had a little bit of help from one of the Hephaestus campers, but do you really think I could make something that awesome myself?" "Yes, I'm sure you could" he said immediately, still marveling at the sword. Abby came over next to him. "Look, you see, I knew you couldn't be going around with a four-foot-long sword, so I did a little modification so it works almost like a lightsaber. When you don't need it-" She pressed a button on the hilt. The blade collapsed into the hilt with a little shink sound. "It collapses, like a lightsaber does. You can carry it around like you carry around your lightsaber." She gestured to the weapon at his belt. He clipped the sword hilt next to it, grinning at her. "Thanks Abby." He paused a moment, training his ears on the sound of music rolling from the ballroom floor. "Is that music I hear" Abby said, smirking conspiratorially. He met her gaze. "Of course it is. Would you like to dance?" "Yes!" He took her arm and lead her onto the dance floor. To him that was the best part. Him and Abby, dancing like nothing else in the world mattered. Chapter 12 : War Summary: Sorry, short part. Another one of those half filler, half plot device parts, so just a quick little part announcing the "official" beginning of the Second Titan war (Because it had technically been going on for years by then). Otherwise this serves, like, no purpose and I wasn't feeling creative today so I just did this and left it there. XOX, AbbyGrace31415 "I hate to say this, but I have bad news." Ben cringed. He hated to hear bad news for Abby's sake as much as his own. But he could already guess what was happening. "Let me guess-it has something to do with the Titans." Abby glared at the ground. "The second Titan war has begun. If I hear one more report of the Titan armies ravaging some mortal city on the way to Boston I will legit rip my hair out in frustration alone." Ben sighed. "It's okay." "No Ben" she said annoyedly. "It's really not. You realize I'm technically going to have to commit patricide?" Ben bit his lip. He hadn't really thought about it that way, as Abby didn't like to think of Kronos as her father, and Snoke never really.....He shut himself up before he let go of valuable information. "Never really thought about it that way" he admitted. "I guess I don't really understand that much." Abby shrugged. "That's fine. Just do me a favor." "Of course" he said, smiling a bit. "Hold me." He hesitated a second before putting his arms around her. She placed her head on his chest, closing her eyes. He kissed the top of her head, breathing in her vanilla scent. "It's alright" he assured her. But in his head he knew everything was going to fall apart. Chapter 13 : The Pull Of The Dark Side Summary: Okay, back to the actual plot. Ben looked down out of the window of his fighter at the city. He thought about how long it took him to simply find the coordinates for Earth in the Jedi archives. If this was the wrong city he was gonna be mad . Then he noticed the Dunkin Donuts venues every other street. "Nope, this is the right place" he said aloud. But there was like, nowhere to land, so he flew the fighter over to an area just outside the city. He climbed out. It was about nine at night, and the only light came from a cracked old streetlamp. He glanced around, pulling his cloak around him. "Please" he muttered. "Don't find me now." A cold wind swept down the street, almost a hiss. He glanced around, but no threats seemed to be in sight. Then a rustle, like something was shuffling down the street towards him. He stared towards where the sound had come from. A large shape, snakelike and massive, was moving into the lamplight. He backed away, allowing it to fully enter the pool of light. Two snakes heads protruded from a monstrous body, one hissing and the other one belching smoke. He fumbled for his sword, unlatching the bronze blade and holding it in front of him. The Hydra-he recognized it, despite how scared he was-hissed and one of it's mouths opened. A white-hot column of flame shot towards him. He jumped aside and stared at the puddle of sticky goo that was the pavement where he'd been standing. The Hydra hissed at the sight of his blade, rearing on it's scaly legs. It's tail swished around, trying to knock his legs out from under him. He jumped, avoiding the tail. They Hydra opened its mouth to blow fire again when something else came up behind Ben, knocking him into the air and then catching him, bringing him far into the air. A jet-black pegasus, not the pegasus, but a pegasus. He patted the horses neck, sheathing his sword. The Hydra hissed in outrage and blew fire at the sky, but the horse was already flying far out of reach, towards the city. "Thanks buddy" Ben said. "Who sent you?" The horse did nothing in response. This made Ben a little uneasy, but he was still thankful for being saved from a fight with they Hydra. He had heard it was near impossible to fight unless you had fire on hand, which Ben did not. Then he saw where they were flying. The horse landed in the yard of a large hotel, with monsters milling around everywhere. "Well" Ben said aloud. "Out of the frying pan and into the fire, literally." But nothing attacked him as he slid off the horses back. Instead a blond kid, looking about nineteen, a year older then him, came over and patted the pegasus's neck. "Good job Buddy" he congratulated. The horse stamped it's hooves and snorted, as if to say I'm better then you , just in case any other pegasi were in the area. "That's it's name" Ben asked. "Yeah it's his name" the kid answered. "I'm Luke by the way. Luke Castellan, son of Hermes. And you are..?" "Ben Solo. Quick question, where the heck am I? And why am I here?" "That, I have no answer to. They just told me to send my Pegasus to find the guy who they would corner with the Hydra." "They sent the Hydra to attack me? What is this all about? I'm just looking for Abby Grace. If she isn't here I'll be on my way, unless you can point me in the right direction." Ben turned and began to walk towards the gate to the base. "No, no, no" Luke objected. "The boss want's to speak with you. Just come with me." His hand was on the hilt of his sword, a stuble gesture, but clear one. Come with me or fight me. Ben shrugged, although he already had a good guess who "The boss" was. "Fine then. Take me to this figurative boss ." "Follow me." Luke lead him into the hotel. The lobby had been converted into a throne room. Where all the mortals were Ben didn't know, but a few misc monsters, demigods, and Titans were chilling around the place, crashed on couches and such. In the center was a golden throne, with a man seated on it. But not a man, as Ben well knew. He had golden eyes, like the other Titans. He was about seven feet tall, but Ben guessed that was because of the height restrictions of the place. His face was cruel, but strangely good-looking, despite a few crater-like scars on it. He had the same wicked gleam in his eye Abby got whenever she had a particularity bad idea, or when she was angry. He smirked at Ben. "Kylo Ren." "Why do you call me that" Ben asked abruptly. "Also, why am I here?" Kronos chuckled. "I've heard you asked a lot of questions. I though Abby Grace taught you. You're here because I say so." Ben rolled his eyes. "Other then that, because I don't call that a valid reason." "I want to speak with you. Face to face." "What is so special about me?" "Hmm. Castellan" he barked, all of a sudden. Ben flinched. "Why don't you escort us outside?" "Yes my lord." Luke jerked his head, beckoning Ben come with him. Kronos rose from his throne and walked behind him, which was only slightly creepy. Luke led them out of the gates of the base, into the park across the street. "Leave us" Kronos ordered abruptly. Suddenly Ben was alone with the Titan lord. "So" he began. "You wonder what is so special about you? Well, for starters I'm surprised Abby Grace is in a relationship with you. Only one of her older sisters ever married, or had a lasting relationship for that matter." "Well, that's encouraging" Ben muttered. "Aside from that you are powerful. More powerful then even you yourself know." All of a sudden a thought struck Ben. "Speaking of Abby Grace, where is she now?" "Probably at her base, asleep. Now it's about nine thirty p.m., so I wouldn't be surprised if she was. But if we have you here I know she isn't far behind." "So I'm bait." "No. It is simply her nature." Ben was starting to get a little uncomfortable. "Are we going to talk about anything other then my relationship with your daughter?" "Yes, I suppose so. I have made an offer to you, have I not?" "Yeah. And I turned it down." "No. You said you would think about it." Ben rolled his eyes. "Look, I don't know why in the galaxy you think I'd join you-" "What if I told you it may concern Abby Grace's safety?" Ben froze. "Her safety?" "Yes. Like I said, wherever you are she is not far behind, so I was thinking that she would join us as well. You two could rule the galaxy. I wouldn't stop you. I am simply looking to reform the old ways and the treachery of the gods, not dominate. I am leaving that open to you and Abby Grace, if you do wish it." Ben stared at the Titan lord. The eyes now seemed to be an advantage. They betrayed no emotion, all he could draw from was the confident smirk displayed on his face. He seemed so sure that his plan would work. "How does this work" Ben asked carefully. "What if she defeats you?" "Her defeating me is almost essential" Kronos explained. "You see, only then can I assume the form of Supreme Leader Snoke, as you know me, and take control of my regime in the galaxy, the First Order. The one you will be involved in if you join me. I will still have these monsters at my command, and destroy the puny camp with them. Then the First Order can come in and destroy Olympus. Without the gods any regime dedicated to fighting the First Order will unravel, and the First Order will become unstoppable. The whole galaxy will be at your command. You-and Abby Grace, if she joins us-will become the equivalents of gods. There will be no one to stop us this time." Ben bit his lip. The plan was nearly foolproof. Lure the Olympians into a false sense of security by thinking he was defeated, then come in and hit them with the types of weapons they've never seen before. Two easy steps. But something still held him back. His mother and father were so proud that he was becoming a Jedi. Luke said he was progressing quickly, that he had a natural way with the Force. Abby, of course, loved him so much, and he loved her in equal measure. What would it do to all of them if he all of a sudden joined the biggest evil in the galaxy? "I-I don't know" he confessed. "It's a good plan, but I'm not sure I can do it." Kronos looked down his nose at Ben. "Hmm, I see. Why don't you come with me?" Ben nodded slowly. Kronos's hand clamped onto his shoulder and he steered him back towards the hotel. "You can stay here until tomorrow. Then I expect an answer." Once back in the main room of the hotel he called Luke back over. "Escort Kylo Ren-" "Ben Solo" Ben interjected. "To a room." He lowered his voice so Ben did not hear what he said next. " On the high security level. " "Yes, of course my lord" Luke said, and he beckoned Ben come with him. Ben walked away, but not before shooting one final, uneasy glance at the Titan lord, who had returned to his throne and was looking at Ben with a devilish smirk on his face. Chapter 14 : Familiar Summary: If anyone is wondering about why I use Reylo fanart and not Kylo Grace that's because: a. I cannot draw for my life. b. Because I can't draw it Kylo Grace fanart does not exist. If you want to draw it go crazy! Just do me a favor and tell me so I can see it. I don't judge people, so no need to worry about that. Any fanart at all is acceptable. If you want to email stuff to me my email is abbygracegodess@gmail.com And fanfiction too! If you want to draw it or write it go for it! Again, would love to see that, no boundaries apply, just give me credit for the character of Abby Grace and the original ship. You can draw Abby Grace alone too if you want. Here's an idea, I'll give you guys some prompts in my book of oneshots, so check that out when I post it. Thanks, love you all, enjoy this part! It wasn't easy to sleep in that place. It was never silent. Even however many floors above the ground Ben was he could still hear the growls of monsters from below, and that didn't exactly help. He had until morning to either give in to Kronos or........he didn't exactly know what would happen to him if he refused Kronos's offer or refused to respond at all. Nothing good , he assumed. He had not expected there to be silence. But as he lay there, in the room Luke had left him in, all the growling suddenly stopped. A perfect silence fell, punctured only by his own breathing. He lifted his head, looking towards the window. Nothing moved for a second, and then the door opened. He knew Luke had locked him in, on Kronos's orders no doubt. But this person didn't seem to be anyone he knew. She was wearing a battle helmet that completely covered her face, and a set of armor. She drew her sword, out of thin air. "Come with me" she said. Her voice was familiar. He got up and walked over to her. She pointed her sword at his back and poked him a bit, getting him to walk out of the room and to the elevator. Once there she shoved him in and punched the buttons. All of a sudden he caught a glimpse of her eyes. The color of honey. She reached up and grasped the red plume of her helmet, pulling it off. "Ben" she cried, and threw her arms around him. "We found the Hyrdra rooting through your ship and, oh gods, for a second there I thought......." He voice trailed off and she buried her head in his shoulder. "Sorry about all the poking and shoving, I have to be really careful not to blow my cover." "Abby" he said. "You didn't have to do that, I'm sure I could've-" She cut him off with a kiss. The sensation was perfect, familiar, and right . So right. Her lips pressed against his, and he couldn't have asked for a better rude interruption. Her arms lay on his shoulders, his hands resting on her hips. A perfect moment two normal people may have shared, standing in an elevator, one interrupting the other in the middle of a sentence with a kiss. A loving, gentle kiss, a perfect moment among all the deceit he felt he was feeding her. He stepped away from her, his face flushed red with guilt. She looked at him, but then the elevator dinged. They were on the second floor. She quickly caught up her helmet and put it back on her head. "Abby, I-" She held a finger to her lips, silencing him. He knew she needed to be in perfect character, otherwise she would be caught. And if she was caught the whole war would go sideways, but Ben thought Maybe Kronos's plan would be put to a stop. He knew one thing for sure. He and Abby were major players in that plan, and maybe if they were removed from play............No. He couldn't just ask her to walk away from everything, not without telling her of how Kronos had been in his head for the past thirteen years. The elevator dinged again, signaling their return to the first floor. Abby caught his shoulder, moving him in front of her and prodding him gently in the back with her sword. "Get moving" she growled. Ben began to walk. The lobby was completely empty, even the golden throne of Kronos had been vacated. "Hurry, hurry" Abby muttered. "The spell won't hold much longer." "What spell?" Ben asked her quietly. Then they exited the hotel. Everything in the base was asleep. Just standing there he felt a layer of drowsiness overtake him, his eyelids becoming heavy. "Oh" he said. " That spell." Abby nodded, whispering in his ear. "The Hypnos kids did me a favor, put the entire army to sleep. It will only work on the more powerful ones for so long, we have to hurry." They rushed for the gate, and something brushed Ben's leg. He looked down. It was a small black-and-white kitten, rubbing against his shoe and purring like an earthmover. Abby saw it. " Crystal " she hissed. " What are you doing here? " The kitten mewled. " I know, I know, but I can't play right now. We're standing in the middle of the Titan home base for Zeus's sakes! " The kitten crouched and lept up, making itself at home on Ben's shoulder. "Okay then" he said. "I think the cat likes me." Crystal pawed at his ear affectionately. Abby nodded. "That's all well and good, now keep walking." They hurried to the gate, exiting the base and out into the park across the street. "C'mon, rendezvous on the other side of the park." Ben saw it coming. "Don't even think about it." She turned to him, cocking her head like really? "You really think I'm gonna start belting Hello in the middle of a rescue mission? I'm many things Ben, and stupid isn't one of them. But nice one, seeing that coming." She chuckled quietly and began walking at fast clip across the park. With one hand she reached up and pulled the helmet off her head, shaking her hair away from her face. Ben followed, the cat still curled on her shoulder, purring contentedly in his ear. As he walked he reached up and scratched Crystal between her ears. She purred a bit louder, rubbing her furry face against his cheek. He grinned. "At least you and Abby like me" he muttered to the cat. "Kronos is being a creep, which isn't unusual-speaking of that, can I tell you a secret?" The cat gave a little meow of assent, as if to say Your secrets safe with me! Ben glanced ahead at Abby, who was walking along the edge of a pond a few feet in front of him. " Kronos has been trying to recruit me for the past thirteen years now " he whispered to Crystal. She hissed. " I haven't listened to him but he has a plan to destroy Olympus in motion, a plan that is almost foolproof. Unless I tell someone, but how do I do that without getting in trouble? " Crystal hissed again, batting at his face with her small paw. He could imagine the cat was scolding him, like, How dare you know about Kronos's plans and not tell Abby? He caught her paw in between his fingers, stopping her from-pretty much-slapping him again. "I know I should tell someone but I don't know how" he told her. "Kronos said I'll get in trouble if I do." This was true. He had been warned many, many times not to mention his dreams and encounters with Kronos to anyone, especially not Abby or the gods. "To be honest I'm a little scared" he admitted to the cat. "I don't know what to do." "Ben" Abby called over her shoulder. "We've got to hurry before they all wake up. Whatcha talking about?" "Nothing" he said quickly, and came up so he was standing next to her. All of a sudden he remembered something. "I've got to show this to you" he said, reaching for his lightsaber. "Look at this." He held it up for her to see. He had made some modifications, adding two exhaust vents to the side. Abby stared at it. "What does it do?" "It converts the crystals energy to these two ports, giving it two extra blades. It helps in a lot of way, actually. They can protect your wrists, stop your hands from getting cut off. That happened to Master Luke, he has a robot hand." As he was talking Crystal the cat crawled over his head and curled up on Abby's, making it look like she had a furry black hat on her head. "It also gives you an advantage in a fight, say, if you're in a lightsaber lock, you can use these to injure the other person." Abby nodded in approval. "Ingenious. Where'd you get the idea?" Ben unsheathed his sword and held it up beside the lightsaber handle. "It handles like a broadsword" he said, igniting the blade. Blue light erupted from all three exhaust ports, mixing in with the bronze glow of his sword. He swung it around off to the side experimentally. "See?" "Whoa" Abby marveled. Ben smirked. It was nice to surprise her for once. "That really is genius." She glanced back at the Titan base. Growls were beginning to emanate from the place again. "No light" she ordered. "Put up your weapons!" He shut them both off, clipping them to his belt. "Now hurry!" She began to run for the other end of the park, Ben in tow. They ran to the other side of the park, bursting through the gates onto the street. Even at, what, one a.m. there were still one or two lone cars heading down the street. Abby ran off to the side, yanking open the door to a black car parked on the edge of the street. Ben ran around the other side, jumping into the passenger seat. The minute they were both seated Abby stomped the gas, and they shot into the street. The car careened through the streets, shooting away from the Titan base as fast as it would take them. Ben grabbed the edges of his seat, leaning as far back as he could against the headrest. "Remind to never let you drive when there are cops around" he muttered. Abby rolled her eyes, not taking her eyes off the road. "Maybe you'd like to go back there!" She made a sharp turn and the car flew into a parking lot, not as many cars as he expected parked there. She pulled into one of the spots and the engine hummed to a stop. "C'mon" she said, opening the doors once more. "It is so time for bed." He shrugged. "I can't help but agree." Abby led him into one of the buildings. There was a kind of lobby for this one too, but it was empty. She walked into the elevator, punching the buttons so it brought them up the very top floor. But when the doors opened.......Ben forgot how to breathe for a second. Then he realized what he was seeing. Mount Olympus. Abby took his hand and led him up the gold pathway, through the empty streets, to a palace sitting on the edge of the mountain. She pushed open the door and led him in. "Is this yours" he asked, kind of awed by the splendor of the palace. "Mmmhmmm" she agreed sleepily. "I didn't ask for such a crazy fancy place, but all the others insisted. C'mon." She dragged him up a flight of spiral stairs, into her room. All of a sudden he felt very awkward. "Ummmm, Abby" he said, as she strode to the dresser and pulled out a pair of pajamas. "What" she asked. She still sounded sleepy and a bit out of it. "What are you doing?" "I'm going to bed" she said. "There's enough room for both of us here." She walked into the bathroom and shut the door. He pulled off the top layer of his robes, leaving only his tunic and leggings. He assumed she was allowing him stay there until they found a proper place for him, and due to their relationship status he assumed he was allowed to sleep in the same room with her for one night. He kicked off his shoes and placed them under a chair, draping his robe over it. Then he crawled into the bed, pulling the covers over himself. It was extremely comfortable. He closed his eyes. After a minute he heard the bathroom door open and Abby come back into the room. His back was to the door and he didn't see her. She lay down next to him, snuggling up under the covers. "Goodnight Ben" she said sleepily. "Night Abby" he replied, turning his head to see her lying next to him, staring up at the ceiling. He rolled over so he was lying facing her. After a minute her eyes drifted shut. Her head tilted off the pillow, nestling in his strong chest. He was surprised for a moment, before putting his arms around her, resting his hands on her back, tangled with her long hair. "Love you Abby" he whispered through the darkness of the room. A small sigh from her was the most satisfactory reply he could have asked for. He kissed her forehead, before drifting off to sleep as well. Chapter 15 : So Much Trouble "You two are in so much trouble." Ben shifted, raising his head off the insanely soft pillow. A woman with curly brown hair and a brown dress was staring at them, grinning like she wanted to laugh. Abby was still fast asleep and he didn't blame her, but he wondered who the heck this was. Probably one of the Greek gods, but his newly wakened mind was moving at a frustratingly slow pace. Brown dress....that should identify to one of the Olympians, but he couldn't put a finger on which one. All of a sudden Abby started awake. She rolled over, moving her head off his chest, and saw the woman who had discovered them. "Hestia" she cried indignantly. "Care to explain why you're creeping in my house?!" "You've got to wake up" Hesita said, grinning widely at the sight of Abby, red-faced and flustered. "Look, I had a late night last night" Abby said, before realizing how wrong that sounded. "I had a mission I was busy with" she added quickly. "So, tell me again, what are you doing in my house?" "They sent me to wake you up. Apparently they thought you were sleeping alone" Hestia said, a giggle escaping her. Abby swung her legs off the bed, standing up and stretching. "Not a word about this to any of the Olympians, or campers for that matter" she ordered her older sister. "Or I'll never hear the end of it. Now shoo so I can get dressed." "What about him?" "My gods! You really think I'm not gonna ask him to leave too? Who do you think I am, Aphrodite?" Hestia nodded and left, still trying-and failing-to stifle giggles. Abby turned to Ben. "What was that about" he asked cautiously. "My siblings, since they're the gods, they think they can just do whatever. I am never going to hear the end of this" Abby sighed, sounding flustered and annoyed. "Now get up. Hesita was right, we do have to get downstairs for war." "Since when was I a part of this" Ben asked. "I only came by to check up on you, I wasn't planning on staying. I'm in for it as it is with Master Luke!" "Here" Abby sighed. "I'll give you an Iris-message with Luke, you can explain to him then. But now take these-" She picked up an outfit that had appeared atop the dresser overnight. "And get dressed in the bathroom, because we have to get down there." He caught the clothes she tossed to him and clambered out of bed, walking into the bathroom. It was a black Camp Olympus t-shirt and jeans. He pulled them on and waited a minute to make sure he didn't walk in on her while she was dressing. Once he was sure she was done he came out. She was standing by the door, arms crossed, tapping her foot impatiently. "What took you so long?" His face flushed red. "I-I, I didn't want to walk in on you-" She rolled her eyes at the ceiling. "If you've ever heard that girls take a long time to get dressed, then listen closely. I have a secret to tell you." She leaned closer to him. " That's a complete lie in my case. Just sayin. " She glanced at the clothes he had slept in, which he held in one fist, and then at his bare feet. "You can leave those there" she told him, referring to his old clothes. "And put your boots back on. We have a bit of walking to do." He did this, tossing his old clothes onto the chair with his robe and pulling his boots back on. She turned on her heel and walked out the door. At the front door of the palace she turned to him. "Do you want any breakfast?" "What kind of question is that" he asked. "Of course I do!" "Good, then follow me." She picked up a handful of drachmas-godly currency, as he knew-from a bowl of them on the table just inside the door and walked out, stuffing them into her pocket. Back on the main road she stopped at a stand just off her street. She leaned on the counter and began chatting with the owner, a pretty young girl with wavy blond hair. "Hey, nice to see you Jenna" she said cheerfully. "You too Abby" Jenna agreed. "How's the war going?" Abby sighed. "Same as usual. So, what have you got for breakfast today?" "I'm betting you want your usual" Jenna said. "But what about your friend?" She glanced at Ben, grinning a bit strangely. "Do you want anything" she asked Ben, with a slight change of tone. While it took Ben a minute to decipher the meaning of that change Abby picked it up immediately. "Jenna, this is my boyfriend , Ben" she snapped. Jenna's face paled. "Oh, sorry. Well, nice to meet you Ben." Abby turned to him. "Want anything?" "Sure" he said, a bit uncomfortable after realizing the girl had been trying to flirt with him. "What are you having?" "Just a muffin and some coffee. We've gotta be able to eat as we go, I'm already late." "I'll have that then" he decided. Jenna took their orders and disappeared under the counter for a minute or so before popping back up with the food. She handed them to Abby, who slid a handful or drachmas across the counter. Jenna scooped up the golden coins. "Thanks Abby" she said. "Good luck. Nice to meet you Ben!" She waved, before ducking down underneath the counter again. Abby handed Ben the cup of coffee and muffin, then began walking down the street. "Sorry about that" she told him as they walked. "Nymphs, minor goddess's, major goddess's, I should have known at least one would try to flirt with you. Don't worry, Jenna is a little gossip, the news will spread fast. But I'm sure Hestia will keep a lid on what she discovered this morning. She's pretty quiet most of the time." Abby stopped talking and took a sip of her coffee. Ben tried his as well. It was surprisingly good, but why was he surprised? This was Mount Olympus. From what he had heard from Abby the place was amazing, but they were heading for the elevator. Abby took note of his expression. "Don't worry" she said. "I'll give you a tour sometime, just not today. I'm busy, we've got to be alert for any attack." She glanced at a clock that was sitting on another one of the vendors booths. " Di immortals " she cried. "I've got to rotate the scouts, they're probably near passing out, they've been there all night!" She began to walk faster, rushing into the elevator. Once they were inside and on the way down she began to dig into her muffin. "Abby" Ben said, for the thought had just occurred to him. "Did the Hydra mess up my ship, because if it did A: Master Luke is gonna kill me, I'm in for it as it is, and B: How am I going to get off this planet otherwise?" Abby shot him a sideways look above her napkin, like, really? He was starting to get that look a lot from her. "You realize you're standing next to the girl who literally traveled to your planet and back for ten years now? And your ship is fine, no need to worry, but really?" He shrugged and took a bite of his muffin. It was really good too. The next few hours were kind of boring. Nothing but battle maps and intricate plans Ben knew nothing about. Finally Abby hooked him up with an Iris-message, and he got in contact with Master Luke. She took him to a fountain up on Olympus, and handed him a drachma. "Just throw it into the rainbow" she told him. "And say Oh Iris, goddess of the rainbow, accept my offering. Show me Luke Skywalker at the Jedi temple. " He turned to her. "Seriously?" "Yeah, seriously. That's what you've gotta do. I've done it loads of times." "Well, I, unlike you, actually care whether or not I look like a weirdo" he said jokingly. Abby rolled her eyes at the sky. "Do you want to talk to Master Luke or not?" "Fine" he sighed. "Oh Iris, goddess of the rainbow, accept my offering. Show me Luke Skywalker at the Jedi temple." He tossed the coin into the rainbow. It was swallowed by the colors and they rippled, creating the image of Master Luke, sitting in his meditation chambers. He opened his eyes the minute the rainbow appeared and jumped to his feet, rushing towards the image. "Ben Solo" he began, in a tone of voice that made Ben sure he was in massive trouble. "You are in so much trouble-" Ben cut him off. "Nice to see you to Master. Look, I got where I was trying to go, but it was late and I got cornered by a Hydra and kidnapped by a Titan Lord, then my friend Abby got me out of there, and now I'm with her and I'm safe, so calm down." "Abby Grace? The same one you were going to check on? Good lord, she sounds like your mother. She was always saving mine and Han's skins." Abby raised one eyebrow at Ben. "Never knew that about your mom." "What you know is enough" Ben said quickly, in his head reviewing the long list of embarrassing events caused by his parents, starting with the fact that his mother had made out with Master Luke before she knew they were siblings. And he silently thanked the gods Abby could not read minds. "Yes, I do believe it is. Now, how long are you going to stay there?" "I don't know" Ben admitted. "I'll come back as soon as I can." "That's fine" Luke said. "I do suppose you should have some experience with the outside world. Just please, remember to practice your meditation-" "Yes, yes, that's great, I'll remember" Ben said, cutting Master Luke off before he gave Ben a long list of things to do. "Thanks Master. Bye." He swiped his hand through the image, cutting the connection off. He turned to Abby. "Now" he said. "How can I help?" Abby grinned. "I know just what to do with you." Chapter 16 : The Final Battles "Abby, our scouts report an army advancing from the south" someone said, rushing up to Abby. Abby jumped to her feet. They had been fighting for almost a week straight now, battle after battle. Ben got to his feet as well. He had stuck around for Abby's sake, as he didn't really want to get himself killed out there. Abby quickly began rearranging the pieces laid out on the battle map before them. "Send half the cabins off to the side and have them undercover. The other half can directly attack from the front, cause a distraction. Then the others will hit, trap the army along the highway." Another scout ran up to her. "There's another army advancing from the north! They're coming in from every cardinal direction! And the army in the west........they have a drakon." Abby's face drained of color. "A drakon?! Gods of Olympus!" She rearranged the pieces again. "You see that" she asked the campers. "That's our strategy. I'll take care of the drakon. Everyone else, move out!" "What do you mean You'll take care of the drakon " one of the campers asked. "Correction" Abby said. "Ben and I will take care of the drakon. Better?" There was a bit of grumbling from the campers, as that wasn't much reassurance. But they took the order, bringing out their cabins into the battlefield. That left Abby and Ben alone in the lobby, standing in front of the battle map. Abby placed her palms on the table, lowering her head so her hair hung over her face, covering it. Ben placed his hand on her shoulder. "You okay" he asked quietly. "I'm good. I just hate sending them to their deaths. If Kronos would just show his cowardly face I could fight him, end this stupid war" she fumed. "C'mon. We have a drakon to defeat." They walked out of the building. In the parking lot Abby pulled something out of her pocket. A bright white whistle. "What's that" Ben asked. "Stygian ice whistle. It'll call my pets." "What pets?" Ben thought he knew about all the pets Abby had. Apparently he was wrong. She put the whistle in her mouth and blew. There was no sound and the ice shattered, dropping to the ground and melting into pools of black water. She kicked the water, making it dissolve. "Did it work?" He got his answer this time in the form of a large black mass of fur slamming into him, knocking him onto the ground and licking his face with a tongue the size of a pillow. "Ack, no, stop, get off" he yelled, pushing the massive dog off him. Abby had been given the same treatment by a second dog, which she pushed off her as well. "My dogs" Abby announced. "Hellhounds. Shade and Shadow. Sorry about that, they like to meet new people." Ben wiped the hellhound spit off his face. "As long as they don't do that again I'm good. Why are they here?" "They're gonna help us fight the drakon." The dogs were the size of tanks. "Yeah" Ben agreed. "They're gonna help us fight the drakon." "Shade" Abby said. "Down girl." Shade crouched, and Abby climbed onto her back. "Shadow" she called to the other dog. "Down. Ben, climb on" she ordered. Shadow crouched as well and Ben climbed onto his back. He wrapped his fingers around the dogs celestial bronze collar. "Okay, can you two take us to the west? Find a drakon." The dogs bayed and began to run, dashing through the streets. Ben didn't know how the people didn't notice the massive tank-size dogs running through the streets, but they never seemed to notice. The dogs moved so fast it barely took them five minutes to get across the city. And neither Abby nor Ben liked what they found. The drakon had found his ship. It was sniffing it, scratching at it experimentally with one claw. If Ben hadn't been so scared of the thing he would have been mad, because technically the ship was Luke's and he'd borrowed it. Abby slid off Shade's back and stood, slightly behind the dog. Ben did the same, moving next to her. " We're gonna fight that thing " he whispered. " Alone? " Abby nodded to him. "We have two dogs the size of tanks. And if a Jedi Padawan and a demigod can't defeat a drakon I don't know what can." She drew her sword, and he took that cue to draw his own weapons. At the sound of his lightsaber activating the monster turned. It was easily a hundred feet long, a sickly shade of green, frills encircling it's neck. Ben forced himself not to look into it's eyes, which glowed like massive yellow lamps. It's mouth could have swallowed the ship it was investigating in one gulp. " I did not sign up for this " Ben whispered, but Abby didn't hear him. She was speaking to her dogs. All of a sudden they lept on the drakon, two great masses of fur and claws and teeth. The drakon roared and reared away from Ben's ship, swatting at it's own head in an attempt to get the hellhounds off. Abby took her advantage while it was distracted and lept at the creature as well, hacking and stabbing with her sword, but the magic blade glanced right off it's scales. She managed to sink a hit in between chinks in it's armor, but that did not disintegrate the creature as Ben had expected. It only made the drakon madder. It shook one of the hellhounds off and threw the poor dog against a nearby wall, where it lay and did not get up. Abby yelled in rage and jabbed her sword at the monsters eye, coming this close to putting it out, but the drakon blinked and deflected her sword. Ben realized he needed to do something, and that whatever Abby was doing wasn't going to work. All of a sudden his eyes fell on his ship. " Got it " he muttered, and out his weapons away, running to his ship. He climbed into the cockpit and began flipping switches, praying the monster didn't notice and destroy him. But when he looked up he saw Abby was playing a dangerous game of tag with the monster, dodging claws and teeth and spurts of poison from the drakons mouth. Then the fighter rose into the air with a roar of engines and Ben piloted it upward, so the drakon could not swat him out of the sky. He activated the blasters, peppering the ground around the monster with blaster fire. This confused it, making it pause in it's quest to stomp on Abby. She froze as well, long enough for him to open the cockpit and drop his sword down to her. "HEY UGLY" he yelled at the drakon. "I'M UP HERE STUPID! COME GET ME!!!" The drakon roared at spit poison at him. He replied with more blaster fire. Abby caught up the weapon he had dropped down to her and leaped onto the monsters neck. While it was distracted by Ben's blaster fire she drove her swords into it's eyes, putting them both out. It flailed again, throwing her off, but that was what Ben had been waiting for. He fired the proton torpedoes, and these did what the other weapons couldn't-they pierced the monsters hide. It began convulsing and twitching in odd directions, before the entire thing disintegrated, leaving nothing but an empty, hundred-foot-long shell. Abby scrambled to her feet, clutching both swords in her hands. Ben lowered the craft again, landing and running out of it over to Abby. She was crouched over her dog. "Shadow, are you okay?" The dog yelped mournfully in response. "I know it hurts" she said soothingly. "Here, let me pour some nectar on it." She took out her flask of nectar and poured it on the wound over the dogs chest. It closed and stopped bleeding. "See? Now I want you two to go back to the Camp and get some rest. Thanks for the help." The dogs both dissolved into shadows and she turned to Ben. "That was genius. Blowing up a drakon with proton torpedoes? That is what I'm talking about!" She hugged him and handed him his sword. "Thanks for the assist with the extra sword. Now" She was cut off by the ring of her phone. She picked up the call. "What do you mean they left Camp" she exclaimed. "I gave her a direct order-" The person on the other end cut her off. Her face dimmed, after being alight from their victory. She hung up after another second of talking. "What happened" Ben asked uncertainly. "The army to the south" she began grimly. "Kronos himself is leading them. And the group of younger campers, I told them to stay at Camp, but apparently they've come to help. We have to help them now ." "How are we gonna get there in time?" Abby pointed to his ship. When Abby said younger campers Ben didn't know what he expected. He had not expected the younger campers to be ten at the oldest and six at the youngest. But there they were, fighting their way through Kronos's vanguard. Abby put a hand over her mouth. "Adriana" she muttered. "I told you." "Who's Adriana?" "See the redhead with the knife? That's her." "Oh." Ben stared through the window of his ship. The girl was only about ten, but she carried a bronze knife and fought like a demon . "Land the ship" Abby ordered him. He piloted the ship down, landing in a vacant parking lot a short walk away from the battle. They joined the battle as fast as they could, battling their way towards the small knot of children, fighting alongside them against Kronos's vanguard. Abby and Ben encircled them, the combined glow of their blades shoving back the monsters and demigods in a loose ring. But one was missing. Adriana. All of a sudden Kronos broke the silence. "Why hello Abby Grace. Care to join us?" He walked through the ring of monsters and demigods. He held his scythe in one hand and held the little girl in the other. His hand was clamped over her mouth, keeping her from crying out, but she was kicking and struggling to no avail against the Titan lord. Abby stared at Kronos, her face tight with rage. "Put. Her. Down" she ordered in that calm, quiet voice that let everyone knew she was beyond mad. "As you wish" Kronos replied with a small, knowing smirk. He dropped the girl. She landed like a cat and ran over to Abby, who scooped her up in one arm, while keeping the enemy back with her sword. A few of the other, younger kids clung to Abby's pants leg, cowering behind her. All the fight seemed to have gone out of them at the sight of the Titan lord. Some of the older ones moved around the others, making a tighter ring around the children. Ben felt some of the smaller ones gather around him as well. "You coward" Abby spat at Kronos. "You son of a gorgon. You-" "We have no time for insults" Kronos said. "Is this going to come to a fight?" He sounded genuinely upset at the prospect of a fight between them. But Ben knew everything was a lie. "Stop lying" Ben yelled, all of a sudden. "What do you mean, Stop lying " Abby asked aloud. Ben's face turned red again. Kronos smirked at him. "You couldn't help yourself, could you? I warned you." He flicked his hand. Ben doubled over like he'd been punched in the gut. Abby cried out, slashing her sword in the direction of the Titan lord. He parried with his scythe. "Stop" Ben croaked, standing straight again. He winced in pain, but managed to steady his voice. "I....order you to leave." Kronos stared for a second, before recovering his smirk. "I see. Until tomorrow evening Kylo Ren ." He and his troops disappeared, back the way they had come. Adriana began to cry. "I'm sorry Abby" she said, burying her face in Abby's shoulder. Abby dropped her sword and wrapped her arms around Adriana, making gentle shushing noises to calm her. The other kids gathered around Abby, all wanting attention as well. "I shouldn't have told them we needed to help, I just thought you were in trouble" Adriana sobbed. "Something was just telling me and I couldn't help it!" Ben walked over and knelt next to Abby. "It's okay" Abby soothed. "But next time listen to me when I tell you it's for your own safety. But since you're here I guess there's nothing I can do. Okay everybody" she said, beginning to address the larger group. "Since you're here I'm going to take you guys to Olympus, where you can be safe. I won't let you fight." This caused a small bit of protesting from some, but it was hushed by looks from the others. "Everyone follow me." Abby put Adriana down and took her hand. Ben tailed the group, pretending to watch their backs in case Kronos suddenly changed his mind and attacked, but inside he was feeling so guilty and afraid. He had been punished by Kronos for spilling about the plans. It still hurt. Abby left all the little ones on Olympus, hidden in the basement of her palace. Then she withdrew all the other troops, whose opposing armies had all dissipated as well. Finally everyone was back where they needed to be, and she sat back down at the table in the lobby, head in her hands. "Kronos is going to attack again tomorrow night" she complained. "And I don't know if I can fight him!" Ben sat next to her, running a hand through her hair. "It know you're okay" he said. "And how do you know that?" "Because you didn't chop off my hand for touching you. That means you're in a good mood." Abby grinned. "Ha ha, very funny. I'm not that touchy." "Oh, are we going to have a battle of puns?" "No, no" Abby said quickly. "I don't want you to get beat." "What makes you think you're gonna beat me?" "You won't even see my plan coming together big ears Ben." "You wanna make it like that? Fine hot stuff" he shot back, enjoying their little teasing session. "Youngling." "Falcon face." "Rebel scum." "Titan princess." "Wookiee." "Mrs. Solo." Abby's eyes widened and her face turned pink. "You did not just go there." "Oh yes I did" he boasted, laughing at his own foolishness, thinking he could get that past Abby Grace. "Well, since we only have until tomorrow I'm going to bed." She got up and made for the elevator. He followed, putting his arm around her. "I guess I'll come to" he said, stepping inside the elevator and pressing the button. Abby's face was still flushed pink. She grinned at the little smirk on his face. "You think you're so funny, don't you" she teased. "Of course I do" he replied. This coaxed a full-hearted laugh out of her. He chuckled a bit too. They stood together in silence as they waited for the elevator to bring them up to Olympus. He kept his arm around her, knowing this could very well be the last night they got to spend together. The streets of Olympus were dark, all the windows dark or covered by drapes. The only place that seemed to have life was Abby's palace, which they entered and walked back up to her room. He had taken up residence there, as no one had bothered moving him anywhere else. He kind of liked it. They made their way back up to her room. Abby changed into her pajamas and climbed into bed, as did he. She snuggled close to him, placing her head on his chest just like the first night. Lying there together in the dark, the darkness seemed to mask all the abnormality of the room, all the danger, making it for the moment seem like Ben and Abby were the only two beings in the galaxy. He held her close, extending his senses through the Force. He knew Abby was much more stressed and scared then she would ever readily admit, he could sense it. "Ben" she said all of a sudden. "I guess I have to admit this." "What do you have to admit" he asked. "I can't do this. I'm scared. I hate to ask, but......." Her voice trailed off. "Go on" he urged. "Ask me." "Will you help me?" He hesitated for a few seconds. Then he shoved aside his fear of what Kronos would do to him, replaced it with the love he had for Abby. He caught her face in one hand, lifting it towards his. "Of course I'll help you Abby." He placed a kiss on her lips, trying to make sure she knew how much he loved her. After a minute they broke apart, holding each other close in the dark. Chapter 17 : The End Of The Beginning That was the worst battle. Surrounded, cornered around the entrance to Olympus, barely thirty demigods left in fighting condition. Kronos seemed to know every maneuver they tried. Finally the Titan lord himself made it onto Olympus, Abby Grace pursuing him up the elevator and onto the mountaintop. Ben-who had been using his fighter, the extra firepower gave them a great advantage-noticed this, but lost valuable time trying to land and get to the building itself. He remembered how, the night before, he had promised Abby his help in the final battle against Kronos. He made it into the elevator, which was empty aside from him, and rode to the top. Then he saw Olympus. It looked like the place had been attacked by a giant weed wacker. Kronos's scythe , Ben thought. Every palace was vacated and all the windows were dark. But Ben's attention was drawn by the crashes and yells from the throne room. He knew a fight was in progress. And it was Abby and Kronos fighting. He broke into a run, but it seemed like there was time magic effecting the area around the throne room, because he couldn't seem to run fast enough. Finally he made it to the doors, throwing them open and rushing in. The combat was almost too fast to watch. The two powerful beings, fighting and destroying everything in their path. The floor was cracked from the energy that was expelled each time their blades collided. Then something changed. Kronos backed away from Abby, so fast she couldn't chase him back down again. She was so surprised by this she froze, backing against Zeus's throne. "Kylo Ren" Kronos said. "Care to join us?" "Why do you call him Kylo Ren" Abby snapped at him. "My name is Ben Solo" Ben yelled at him. "Hmph" Kronos sighed. "I tried to tell you. You know this is not the end." "I'll show you the end " Abby snarled. "You leave my friends alone and I might let you die quickly." "Abby, calm down" Ben said. Then he clapped his hand over his mouth due to Abby's glare that was suddenly trained on him instead of the Titan lord. "Don't tell me to calm down . I'll kill him and nothing in the galaxy is going to stop me." "Abby, it's no use" Ben cried, anger and fear piling up inside him like bombs. Kronos stared at him. "I told you Kylo Ren. I warned you what would happen." He flicked his hand in Ben's direction, and Ben was thrown against the wall. He saw stars as his head cracked against the base of one of the thrones. "Get out of my head" he yelled. "Leave me alone!" Kronos's only response was to hit him again. Another blow landed in his gut. He coughed, spitting blood out of his mouth. This time Abby reacted. She roared in anger and attacked the Titan lord again. "YOU LEAVE BEN ALONE" she screamed at the top of her lungs. "YOU LEAVE ME, MY FRIENDS, THE GODS-EVERYONE! LEAVE US ALL ALONE! I'M GOING TO SEND YOU BACK TO TARTARUS RIGHT HERE, RIGHT NOW!" She repeatedly slammed her blade into his, wearing down the Titan lords defense until he fell to the ground, and she struck. Her blade sank into his chest. Golden light sifted through the Kronos's armor, and all of a sudden he literally exploded. Ben was too far away to be effected by the blast, but his lips cracked from the force of the explosion. Abby wasn't so lucky. She was thrown off her feet and flew backward, slamming into the doorframe and sliding down the length of the wall. Golden light filled the room, and Kronos was gone. Abby was on her knees, staring at the floor. Ben scooted over to her across the cracked marble floor. "Are you okay" he asked, cupping her face in his hands. Abby shook her head. "I can't believe I just did that. I can't believe I just did that. He's gone-for good." Ben squeezed his eyes shut, forcing away everything and hugging Abby close. "Yeah" he lied. "Kronos is gone for good." Ben was in so much trouble with his parents and Master Luke it wasn't even funny. When he landed his ship he saw them all standing, arms crossed, at the doorway of the Jedi temple. His goodbyes to Abby had been brief-he could hardly stand lying to her about something so important. But he didn't want to crush her like that and maybe, just maybe, he could defeat Kronos again without her help or knowledge. It would be hard, but he believed he could do it when he became a Jedi. The minute he climbed out of the cockpit Leia rushed over to him. She hugged him, scolding him at the same time while she cried. "Ben Solo, we were so worried, where did you go, what were you doing" she said, hugging him close. Han walked over to him. "Leia, let him go." Then he turned to Ben. "Your mother's right, where in the galaxy were you?" Master Luke came over as well. "He said he was going to see his friend and would only be gone for a day or two at most. You've been gone for a week and a half!" Ben lowered his head. "I'm sorry Master. They needed my help." "Who's they " Leia asked. "My friend-" He was cut off by a flash of light and a column of smoke that erupted into being right in front of his parents and Master Luke. Abby stepped out of it, grinning widely. "I seriously can't help myself, that is so fun" she said to no one in particular. Then she saw the people assembled before her. "Hey everybody" she said cheerfully. Then Ben noticed her outfit. "What are you wearing" he gasped. She glanced down at the Greek-style dress she was clothed in. "Oh this? That's the idea. But I'm here for two reasons-one: I have some important news and two: I came to get you out of getting grounded for all eternity." "Thanks" Ben said. "But what's the important news?" Leia nodded. "We were going to ground him, but not for all eternity. Why should we not?" "I'm getting to that" Abby said. "Okay Ben, how many Olympians are there?" "Uh, twelve" he guessed, unsure why Abby asked him that. "Wrong" Abby exclaimed. "Guess what the Olympians did in return for Kronos's defeat?" Ben's eyes traveled down her dress, then combined that with her dramatic entrance and understood. "They didn't make you a goddess, did they?" "Yeah" Abby sighed. "I didn't ask for it but the Council insisted. So, lucky me I guess?" She sounded so unsure Ben laughed a bit. "Yeah, lucky you" he agreed. But his heart was sinking. "Okay, issue two" Abby said, turning to Luke, Han, and Leia. "Don't ground Ben." "Why" Han asked simply. "Because he's a hero, and if you don't believe me watch this." Abby turned and spoke to the air. "Hey Iris? Can I get some footage of the second Titan war, like the stuff that was on Hephaestus TV?" "I was on TV" Ben asked. "Prime time" Abby said. "C'mon, those maneuvers with your ship-the Olympians were going full fanboy and fangirl. I'll bet they wanted to make you immortal too, but I told them you had other stuff you were doing." Somehow Ben was relieved by this. He didn't want to be immortal. But Abby wasn't done. A rainbow image appeared, showing their fight with the drakon. Abby turned to the adults. "Okay, so, you see that thing? That is a drakon. Like dragons, except bigger, millennia older, and much more vicious. Celestial bronze, the hardest metal in the galaxy can't pierce it's hide. So you know what this genius did? He blew it up with proton torpedoes. Watch." They all watched as the footage was replayed. "Look" Abby commented. "Me, I'm a freaking goddess now, and the most useful thing I did during that battle was put out it's eyes. And Ben helped with that too, he gave me the extra sword." After the fight ended they watched as Abby was given the call. "Kronos was the big bad of that war" Abby informed. "Lord of Time, leader of the Titans, all-around bad guy. He's dead now, Ben and I defeated him not long after that, but this was bad. Look." They watched as they saved the young campers. Then it got to the conversation after. All of a sudden Abby slashed her hand through the image. "So yeah, don't ground him. He's a hero of Olympus." It took everything Ben had not to suddenly begin explaining everything Kronos had told him, and how everything was going to fall apart. Chapter 18 : Authors Note Okay, so now we get to the good part. The part where he turns to the Dark side. Very important warning: This might get a bit adult-themed after this!!! Please take note of this younger viewers! I'll put in a disclaimer if that part is adult themed, I'll try and keep it as minimal as possible. But, on the few occasions where I do get to write smut, I go all-out, so be warned and highly cautioned! Aside from that, we are entering a whole new chapter of the story-the darkest part. The lowest point of Abby and Ben's relationship, the end of most fluff. I will work fluff in as much as I can, maybe give you guys a side salad of Finnrey, but smut and angst will take most of it's place. There will be torture, tears, blood, imprisonment, angst, smut, fistfights, weapon fights (swords, lightsabers, etc.), but I will give you guys a few side salads of Finnrey to cheer it up. So, let's see, what am I forgetting-Oh yes! Dream smut, possessive Kylo Ren, Poe Dameron trying to seduce Abby, good lord I need a psychologist-oops, that isn't part of the story, but I probably do-, Abby cursing Kylo, Snoke torturing Abby, interrupting Hux (I'll let you guys guess what that means), Abby is stripped of her powers and immortality, but there will be a happy ending! I swear on the River Styx there will be a happy ending! Okay, now that you guys have an overview of what will happen let's begin! XOX, AbbyGrace31415 Chapter 19 : Part Two Prologue-Kylo Ren's Curse Kylo Ren marched through what remained of the Jedi temple. He didn't give any of the bodies a second look. There were only two more lives in the entire place, lives he himself had to take. His cousin and his former Master. Extending his senses through the Force he could practically see them, Luke rushing out the back door with his preteen daughter in tow. She clung to his hand, looking afraid but determined to escape. Little did they know that Kylo Ren himself was coming for them. But all of a sudden he couldn't. Time slowed, freezing everything around him in place. For a second he thought it was the Supreme Leader, but no, light blanketed the area instead of darkness. That meant it could be only one person. His former friend, lover, and companion Abby Grace. "Show yourself" he called. "Only if you do" her disembodied voice replied. He obliged, reaching up and removing his mask. "You have too much fun with the godly powers they gave you" he said. "Now come on, appear for me!" He could almost imagine her rolling her eyes as he said this, but she did appear. The air in front of him solidified into her form. "Why did you kill them Ben?" "I am not Ben" he said. "I am Kylo Ren." She did roll her eyes. "Fine then Kylo Ren " she said, mocking his new nickname. "Why did you kill them?" "Because I was ordered to" he said simply. "The Supreme Leader gave me a simple task, and I carried it out. Destroy the Jedi. Now let me through so I can complete it!" He tried to move forward, but found himself blocked by an invisible barrier. "No" she said simply. "That Fates cannot allow you to kill them yet." "The Fates be dammed" he shouted in frustration. "Once I am finished there will be no Fates, no prophecies, no destines!" "I thought your regime was dedicated to order. The First Order , wasn't it? Without the Fates there will be no order. There will be only chaos, as no one will have any purpose in life." "Why do you act so wise? You are still so naive" he taunted. "So......innocent." "Are you calling me innocent" she said. "You saw what I saw. You know what I did. I am anything but innocent Kylo Ren. You, on the other hand, have not known what horrors the Dark side could create. You could still be saved." "What do you mean, saved " he spat. "I do not need to be saved from this! If you are so sure that fate and destiny exist then this is mine!" Abby's eyes narrowed to honey-gold slits and her words became icy cold. "Then hear me when I say this. Whenever you take a life, whenever you destroy one, you will remember me. You will remember how much you threw away for that power. And you will despair Kylo Ren." "What" he cried. "You cannot-you would not-curse me!" "If power is all you want, then that is exactly what you will receive." Abby swept her cloak in front of her in one fluid motion and was gone in a flash of light. Chapter 20 : "I Owe You" Summary: Shoutout to JaniceCajepe on wattpad.com for adding this story to their reading list! Love you Janice, thank you so much! Also, the reason I changed this part is because I don't exactly like the beginning, and I have a better idea. Oh yeah, and spoilers. Just saying. "Thank you" Ren whispered through clenched teeth. Han stood there for thirty painful seconds. Rey screamed. Chewie screamed. Someone else did too, but this time only Ren could hear it, and he heard what it said. "What were you thinking!!!!!????" Ren pulled the lightsaber out of Han's chest. Han reached up and placed a hand on his cheek, just for a moment, and then he fell off the bridge and into the depths of the structure. Chewie roared and shot his bowcaster, hitting Ren in the side. But he didn't go flying off the bridge. He stumbled, falling to his knees. His head was swimming, and he glared up at the two people above him. Correction............. three people. The glowing apparition floated down towards him, and he realized he was in massive trouble. But he was not vaporized in a blast of godly wrath. All he got was a glimpse of her scowl, and then she disappeared. No he thought. Help me. Strength surged in his limbs. He managed to get to his feet, and stormed towards the place where Rey and the traitor stood. Chewbacca was long gone, but Ren didn't care about that. What had just happened? Abby was so mad she could hardly think. Maybe she should vaporize him in a blast of godly wrath. No she told herself. Calm down. You've already helped him. You owe him. But what was he thinking? She watched as the fight progressed. He fought Finn, and absolutely crushed him. She had a good laugh when, after he knocked the lightsaber out of Finn's hand, Ren punched him in the face. Why she found that funny was a mystery to her. She always had a strange sense of humor. Maybe something had rubbed off from hanging around with gods like Ares. Whatever. And then Rey fought him. Abby knew they were cousins and Ren did as well, which was why she could see he wasn't fighting as hard as he could. Perhaps he had some mercy for her. And then things went wrong. She tapped into the Force and got the upper hand. She managed to deactivate his lightsaber, and then slashed across his face. He fell. Abby gritted her teeth. Time to crash this party. She raised her hands and a massive crater erupted in the ground, separating Rey and Kylo Ren. Abby floated down from where she watched a few miles up, and appeared. Rey stared at the glowing apparition above the rupture in the ground. The person turned their face towards her. All of a sudden she flashed back to the image of a smiling girl, hand-in-hand with a boy, and in her other arm she was holding a small girl, that after a second Rey realized was herself. But this only lasted a few seconds, and the woman glared at her. "Leave" she ordered. The command echoed in Rey's mind, and she obeyed. The apparition floated towards Kylo Ren, who was staring at her with a mixture of shock, fear, and something Rey could not describe. The way Finn looked at her. The way someone looked at another person when they were hopelessly in love. A shiver ran down her spine, and she ran to find Finn. "I warned you" Abby said. Ren grimaced, shifting so he could see her form. She was standing above him, hands on her hips. She had that glow around her, the one that had been present ever since she had become a goddess, that glow of power and superiority. "What do you want" he asked crossly, though he was kind of happy to see her. He had no idea what the look on his face was. He hoped it hadn't betrayed his feelings. "I'm here to help you out. I can get you to one of your ships and off this planet, but that's it." "Why in the galaxy would you help me?" He knew he was pushing his luck and Abby could very easily leave him there to die, but something told him she wouldn't. "I owe you!" He involuntarily backed away from her in the snow. When he didn't immediately respond she gestured to the faded scar on her face. "You don't owe me for that" he protested, but Abby wasn't listening. She knelt down next to him and caught his arms, helping him to his feet. "I'm doing this against my better nature, judgement, and everything in between" she muttered as they walked. "But I'm doing it anyway. You shouldn't deserve my help. But you are getting it. Think about this next time we meet in a dream." Ren winced at the thought of dreams he and Abby had shared. "Oh, but I thought you enjoyed those dreams" he said sarcastically. "I really don't want to talk about it" Abby snapped. "Look, landing pad. And look who else, redheaded Hitler." "General Hux" Ren corrected. "Whatever. I'll hand you off to him, cause I'm done helping." She turned towards the pad where Hux was standing, talking to some stormtroopers. "Sweep the entire area until you find Ren, don't come back unless-" "HEY" Abby yelled, catching their attention. "I think you're looking for someone?!" Then she disappeared. Ren's knees buckled without her support, but he steadied himself against a nearby tree. Hux came over, smirking, looking like he was trying not to laugh. "What happened to you" he asked. "I'm not going to talk about it, so don't even ask." There was a chuckle. "Oops, I forgot" Abby's disembodied voice said, then Ren's mask and lightsaber dropped to the ground at Hux's feet. "She has too much fun with those goddamn godly powers" Ren grumbled. "When I catch her-" "Oh good lord, he's rambling" Hux said. "Trooper! Take him to the shuttle. I have orders" he said, turning back to Ren. "To bring you to the Supreme Leader." Hux bent over in the snow and picked up the mask and lightsaber. "And I'll keep these until you want them, you're welcome in advance Ren." A stormtrooper came over to him. "Sir, should I-" "Yes, of course, we can't be dragging him around like this." Something small and silver buried itself in Kylo's neck. He reached up, feeling the blunt end of a dart. "What the......" he mumbled, before the sedatives took hold and he fell flat on his face. "I'm going to kill Hux" Ren muttered, before he even became fully conscious again. "I'm going to strangle him with my bare hands." He opened his eyes. He was lying in a medbay, but he wasn't sure where. The lights were dim, but he could see his helmet and lightsaber lying on a table a few feet away from him. He came to a few other realizations at once-his wounds were bandaged, he was shirtless, and Hux was standing by the door with his back to him. "Oh, that's interesting" he said. "You can tell that to the Supreme Leader. I'm sure he'll be pleased." "No, I have more important things to tell the Supreme Leader. Like how she dared come close to the First Order." "Okay, who the hell is she " Hux asked, sounding annoyed. "Because I'm ninety percent sure she is just a figment of your imagination that you hallucinated about due to your injuries." "No, she's definitely real. The Supreme Leader knows all about her, and I'm not explaining right now so stop asking." "Alright, enough about it then. The Supreme Leader wants you to speak to him as soon as possible." Ren shifted, trying to figure whether or not he could see the Supreme Leader, because the past few events were bugging him-a lot . He decided that he could. "Then I'll go now." Hux turned to one of the medical droids and gave it a command, then left the room. It only took Ren a few minutes to get ready. His movements were stiff due to the effects of the sedatives, which he was still mad about the usage of. What did Hux think he was, a pet? Once he was ready he left the room. He was on Snoke's base and already knew his way around, finding the audience chamber after barely another minute. Hux was already there, waiting outside. They both entered. Even now, Snoke's appearance still gave Ren the shivers. He was easily ten feet tall, sitting on a throne of black marble. The explosion had taken a toll on his appearance, deforming his face and body, but Ren knew he was powerful and not to be underestimated. "So" he began. "I hear you two had an encounter with someone." Ren knew perfectly well who someone was, but Hux did not. "Yes Supreme Leader. But she did not appear so that he could see her." "Who is this person" Hux asked. "So you weren't hallucinating, this person actually exists." "Of course Abby Grace exists!" Ren flinched at the mention of her name. "And you" Snoke turned to Ren. "I have noticed that you have some......questionable feelings about this. You killed Han Solo." "He is dead" Ren managed. That stupid curse made him barely able to speak of the event with feeling a surge of guilt he did not want or need. "Oh, then I know what is up." Ren stared at Snoke. That was such an Abby-like thing to say it caught him off guard. "But we will speak of that later. General." Snoke turned and addressed Hux. "You will return to the Finalizer until you are called." "Yes Supreme Leader." Hux shot one final, confused look at Ren before turning and walking out. "He knows nothing?" Ren knew what Snoke was asking. "Nothing. He believes everything is as you have laid out." "Good. For him to be aware of such things...it would not work. So, I see Abby Grace has been around." Ren didn't know what to say to that. "She rescued you. Because she felt she owed you something. Ha!" This was another unexpected thing. Snoke rarely-if ever-laughed. "She came to you in person?" "Yes." "Good. I should have known this would play out this way. You will complete your training, but, in the meantime, if you see her in person again-" He paused for one painful moment. "Bring her to me." Chapter 21 : Punishment Abby walked into the throne room, hands in her pockets. She had really been hoping today wouldn't be hectic, but from the looks on the faces of the Olympians she knew something was seriously wrong. "Whatever you're thinking, I didn't do it" she said aloud. Zeus sat forward on his throne. "Tell me, is Kronos gone?" "I don't know, is he" Abby snapped. "Do not speak to the King of the Gods that way" Zeus said. "You did do it. Kronos has returned. You have not notified us in any way, even though you knew full well of his return for five years straight." Abby looked away. "I thought I had it under control. I thought the issue would blow over." "You trust that mortal friend of yours too much." "I don't trust him anymore. I just thought he had some sense left, enough to realize what he was doing-" "He committed patricide. He was involved in the destruction of five whole planets. He has been carving a path of destruction, and you have done nothing to stop him. If memory serves you assisted him. This is not acceptable behavior for one of the Olympians." "Look" Abby tried, but Zeus wasn't done. "Due to your poor judgement and secrets that you kept from the Olympians we have determined that you will be stripped of your immortality and powers and sent into a few years of mortal service." Abby shook her head. "But I-" "You will be in service to Rey Skywalker and you must put a stop to Kylo Ren and Kronos's rampage." "No-" "Stop trying to excuse yourself. Your fault. Your punishment. Back to the mortal world you go." "Okay, somebody explain to me why a person just fell from the sky in a flaming comet" Finn asked. "Or am I seeing things?" "No, a person just fell from the sky in a flaming comet" Rey assured him, staring at the crater made by the crash-landing. "Master Luke, do you have any idea what just happened" she asked, turning to her Master. She had brought him back from Ach-To only a few weeks ago, and was already training to become a Jedi. Luke had returned her memories and informed her that he was, in fact, her father. Luke stroked his beard the way he did when he was in deep thought. "I do, and I don't like it. There's only one person I've ever met who would make such a dramatic entrance and she only shows up when Ben Solo is around." "Ben Solo? As in Kylo Ren?" "The very same. Now hurry, if she is here for any other reason we'd better find out, because I do believe she is a representative of the gods, and they don't like to be kept waiting." He began to walk towards the crater in the hillside. A very confused Rey and Finn followed. The crater was round, about a foot or so deep, and at the center of the depression lay a woman who looked about Kylo Ren's age, probably one or two years younger. Definitely older then Rey and Finn. She blinked her eyes open. "Why" she asked. "Why?" She clambered to her feet, dusting off her jeans and t-shirt. "As I thought" Master Luke muttered, before addressing her. "Abby Grace. To what do we owe the, ah, honor of your presence?" Abby sighed. "It's not an honor this time Master. Give me a second to explain. So, you know all about Snoke and Kylo Ren, and how Snoke is actually Kronos, and all that jazz, right?" Luke nodded. "Well, Zeus, the genius, gets me into the throne room and goes off on this irrelevant tangent saying how all of this is my fault. My fault!" "I wouldn't say you're innocent" Luke commented. "And I'm not saying I am, in actuality I'm most definitely not, but still ! Let's just say the gods needed someone to blame, so they stripped me of my immortality and powers and sent me here. Oh, but it gets better! They told me to defeat Kronos and Kylo Ren while I was at it." She turned and pointed both arms at the sky. "This is why you're stupid!" Luke chuckled at this. "I see you haven't changed much." Abby lowered her arms and turned back to them. "Oh yeah, and, Rey?" "You know me" Rey asked. "Ben's little cousin? The one I saved from getting massacred? Yeah, that's you." Rey didn't like being identified as Ben's little cousin , or The one I saved from getting massacred. "How do you know me?" "Me and you, we were friends. You'll remember eventually. Back to what I was saying, when a god or goddess gets chucked down to the mortal world like this they are sent into the service of some mortal or demigod. In my case that's you." "What does that mean?" "I have to do heroic tasks for you until the gods let me back onto Olympus. You can order me to do anything , and I have to do it." "Anything" Rey asked, amazed. "So I have a new sidekick goddess named Abby? And I can tell her to do anything, and she has to do it?" Abby sighed again. "Yeah, that's pretty much it. Only for a few years, and since I guess you're already trying to defeat the First Order this'll be a good start. Let's get back to the base. I think General Leia will want to see me." She turned around, clapping her hands together and rubbing them like she was cold. "Hello darkness my old friend" she said, a bit miserably. She began walking back to the base. General Leia was waiting for them, no doubt by Luke telling her through the comlink he had. Leia had insisted he carry it around since his last disappearance. When she saw Abby quite a few emotions flicked through her face. Apprehension, fear, anger, shock, worry, misunderstanding, kindness, and, to Rey's surprise, happiness. She ran forward and shook Abby's hand. "Abby Grace, nice to see you" she said. Abby shook her hand as well, a slightly surprised look on her face. "Good to see you too General, but I'm not here for a happy reason." "What do you mean?" "Well, you know what I say about how the gods aren't the best decision-makers? Yeah well, this time they've really proved that. So, the bottom line is I kept this entire war a secret from them thinking it would blow over. Not the best judgement on my part but when Zeus found out he went berserk . Took away all my power and immortality, literally chucked me off Olympus, put me in a few years of service to Rey, and told me to defeat Snoke. I don't see the logic on the last one. So, yeah, it's not good to see me this time." Leia seemed to have something else on her mind. "Yes, I do suppose that isn't the greatest situation. I was just thinking........" Her voice trailed off. "Yeah Leia" Abby agreed. "I was thinking the very same. Like I said, I've tried to keep this under control. I've been watching him. No seriously, Rey-" She turned to Rey. "Think about the past few events you've experienced. What did you notice about them?" Rey shrugged. "I don't know. I guess I felt like..." She paused trying to put a finger on it. "Like I was being watched." "Bingo" Abby said. "The deal is, wherever a certain person was, there was a ninety nine point nine percent chance I was there too. You see, I knew if the gods ever found out about this whole thing they would say I had not been paying attention, I had not noticed some of the obvious details-which they did. So, these past few years I have been trying to keep an eye out, so, that was my excuse for that in reality being literally stalking someone. Oh gods, I really am starting to act like an Olympian. At least I tried to excuse that stuff." Leia smiled. "Why don't you all come inside. We'll talk more there." Chapter 22 : Bittersweet Dreams Summary: Warning: There is smut in this chapter! I repeat, smut in this chapter! Be warned and highly cautioned! Also, before we get to the story, this is set a few weeks after the last chapter. Abby has made friends with Rey, Finn, Poe, Leia, and Luke. They are planning to attack Snoke's base (where Kylo Ren is) soon, but the events of this chapter change that date quite a bit. Abby didn't want to sleep. Because she knew she had made a mistake. She had gone to him in person, helped him, reinforced their connection so it was inevitable that she'd meet him in her dreams at night. And she didn't want to meet him at all. She knew what would happen if she did. The marks he left on her body were enough proof of that . Some nights she would wake to find that the small marks on her shoulders and collarbone were still there, fading, but clearly real. Then again, she couldn't help but wonder. Where did this possessive, angry, aggressive, nightmare of a man come from? Where did Ben Solo go, the man who loved me? Painful. That's what it was. Painful. Agonizing. It tore at her very soul, begging for......... something . Something she could not allow herself to have. There was no such thing as sleep. It was either she was awake, or she was in that dream world with him. The dreams, they were all bittersweet. But she still slept, and tonight was no different. She lay down on her bed in her room at the Resistance base. Somehow those small truths gave her a sense of security. But the walls could not keep him out. She knew that all too well. She crossed her legs at the ankles and rested her hands on her chest, folding them. She still had no idea how to mentally shield herself, keep him out. To her surprise the Olympians had very little knowledge of the Force, and the little she did know about it was not enough to keep out a practiced Force user like Kylo Ren. She focused her eyes on one object in the room-tonight it happened to be the chair. None of this was of real importance, it simply focused her mind and kept her awake. But not for long. After barely five minutes her eyes drooped to a close and she fell into the dreamscape. Barely anything changed. It was like she had woken in her bedroom after dozing off. For a second she thought that was the case. But then she glanced around and saw that there was no door. No windows. Not even the bathroom door. No escape. And she knew she was in a dream. "Okay, where are you" she demanded. While waiting for him to respond she looked at herself. As usual, she was wearing only that familiar, gauzy dress that left almost nothing to the imagination. More a nightgown then a dress, but that was just they way he liked it. She guessed he would be wearing just what he wore in real life. But it was annoying, he was so seductive without even trying. She liked to assume the reason she hated these dreams was simply because of what happened, but something told her what was really driving her nuts was what didn't happen. She got up off the bed and stood in the center of the room, arms crossed over her chest. "Quit hiding. I thought these were your idea in the first place!" And then..... "Abby" Ren breathed. His long, thin fingers were just brushing the skin of her neck, his hot breath rolling over her skin. She did not reply. It was infuriating how close he was, she never really knew why it drove her crazy. It just did. His touch electrified her skin, causing her breath to hitch in her throat. His fingers dug into her shoulders as he moved closer to her. His lips met her skin, tongue darting over her shoulders. She felt his teeth brush her neck and her eyes slid shut, feeling him lick and suck at her skin. His arms pulled her around. "Look at me Abby" he ordered. "I need to see those beautiful eyes. They make me whole." Slowly her eyes opened once more, meeting his gaze. He smirked at her, moving closer, brushing his lips against hers, tantalizingly close. His hands slipped down, resting against her hips. All of a sudden his lips crashed into her's, a rough, passionate kiss that Abby had never found the strength to push away. His lips moved roughly against the her's, his tongue demanding entry to her mouth. He knew very well it didn't have to be this way, but now that he had taken this Dark path there was going back. His tongue slipped into her mouth, exploring it, though he had done this many, many times before. Every single night for years now he came to her in dreams, Kylo Ren, the bane of her very existence, but also the source of all her pleasure. They fit together in a complex puzzle, an intricate dance, a battle of flesh and teeth and the sounds of pleasure. He relished the feel of her soft skin trapped underneath his hands. Her frame completely dominated by him, her lips pressed against his. Every single night he would come to her, and yet showed his utmost self-restraint. He never took it too far. He saved that for when they finally met in person, when she finally gave in to him. He gleefully explored her mouth, savoring the taste of her lips. His kisses were (as always) aggressive and passionate, he knew no boundaries around her. "You're mine" he whispered to her. " Mine . Come to me Abby. Give in to your own nature." Of course he knew. He loved this woman so much, he made it his business to know everything about her. It wasn't like their relationship had never been a two-sided one. But, in his mind, that had been childish, foolish, and simple. He preferred these passionate exchanges, he wanted to make her feel the pain of being without him that he felt for her. "No" she muttered, and for the first time she pulled away from him. She backed away from him, her legs bumping against the edge of the bed. "You're mine" he repeated. "Mine, mine, mine." He flew forward, catching her waist and tearing at her dress, pulling it off her. The sound of the cloth ripping was both pleasurable and drove him completely mad. But at the same time he drove her crazy. He never removed his own clothing. But this time Abby found the strength to fight back against him. He picked her up and placed her on the bed, and for a second she lay there. Then her eyes narrowed. She got to her knees, moving towards him and placing a hand on the collar of his jacket. He stared at her, catching her hand in his. For a few seconds they were in an intense staring contest, before he raised his hand sent her flying backwards across the bed. She was quick to react, sitting up again and holding up her hand in defense should he try that again. "Oh, is that how you want to play" she asked. It was surely meant to be cold, but there was a playful edge to it, and edge that had grown dull after so many years of being neglected. His unfroze, lowering his hand, a small guilty look crossing his face. She took her chance, flicking her hand. He was suddenly held in place, unable to move. She came forward again, taking the edge of his jacket, pulling that off first, then pulling his shirt away as well. His chest was revealed, scarred from his fight on the Starkiller and taught with muscle. She put her hand to her mouth. He stayed still, daring her to do more. She took that dare, running her hands over his chest and kissing the scars. She allowed her lips contact with each one, before she moved backwards away from him. He fell to his knees on the edge of the bed, pulling her back to his lips. "You're going to scream my name" he promised. His left a trial of kisses down her face and neck, ending at her collarbone. His teeth grazed her skin, sending a shiver down her entire body. " Bastard " she growled. He bit at the skin of her neck, his tongue soothing the marks his teeth left there. Abby's hands grabbed fistfuls of his dark hair, her fingers scratching at his scalp. They caused each other pain, but also utmost pleasure. He continued to bite at her, her soft skin too perfect, too tempting to mark. He moved his lips from there, trailing kisses down her entire body. He found his way in between her legs, smirking at the wetness pooling between her thighs. His long fingers found her sensitive clit, beginning to lick that as he slipped a finger inside her. She began to moan, long and loud. His tongue teased every sensitive spot, he knew exactly what to do to her. He wanted her so very badly. He only had to say the word, and he could take her. All of a sudden he lost it. He couldn't help it anymore. He wanted her and he was going to take her, tonight. He moved away from her and she made a small, pained sound at the loss of stimulation. He smirked at this and pulled her back to his lips, which were covered with the taste of her. He pressed her to him in such a way that it was inevitable for her to feel his hardness, feel how hard he was for her. Her legs were wrapped around his waist, and she did notice it. She gasped into his mouth at this. He simply continued to kiss her as she desperately tried to push away the ache between her legs, the ache for him. Finally he let her go and she pulled away from him. He moved over her, but her eyes narrowed again. "No" she said simply. "No!" She pushed him away from her and rolled away, falling off the bed. Back in real life, Abby Grace rolled straight off her bed. She hit the ground with a hard thump. "Ooow" she whined, as she had accidentally smacked her head against the floor. Then she remembered what she had just escaped. She put her head in her arms, shaking uncontrollably. "It just isn't fair" she complained. She had tried not to complain to anyone about her broken relationship, but she allowed herself to complain when no one was around at the dead of night. Lying there on the floor, she began to cry. Then the door opened and someone came in. She kept her head in her arms. "Are you alright?" It was Leia. Abby lifted her head enough to see her standing over her, looking concerned. "Rey says she heard you screaming." Abby's face turned pink. "Did I say anything?" "No. But then we heard a crash and I had to come check on you." "I'm fine" Abby lied. "Just had a nightmare and fell of my bed." "Abby, I don't think you're okay" Leia insisted. "Just come talk to me for a few minutes, please." "Okay" Abby sighed, standing up. Her clothes weren't affected by the dreams, she was still wearing the gray t-shirt and pajama pants that she usually slept in, but her collarbone and shoulder were marked, not to mention a bruise on her shoulder where she had landed on the floor. Leia took notice of all of this, specifically the marks on her collarbone. She led Abby out of the room and back to her quarters. Leia had Abby sit down in one of the chairs. "What is wrong? What were you dreaming about?" Abby looked away from her. After a minute she decided to tell the truth. "Kylo Ren" she spat. "We kind have this weird shared dreams thing, and we were fighting. It wasn't good." Leia creased her eyebrows, her eyes flitting towards the marks on Abby's collarbone and then back to Abby's face. "What is my son doing to you" she asked quietly. "Leia" Abby said. "I'm fine. I can handle this. But I need to see him in person." Leia arched an eyebrow. "Why?" "I just do. And soon. Tomorrow. I've had enough of these nightmares." Leia sat back in her chair. "Alright. But how?" "I know Snoke's base. Just trust me on this. I have quite a few tricks up my sleeve." "How do you seem to know all of this so well? I know you were one of the gods, but all of this seems quite......well ungodly." Abby gave a short laugh. "I was never a pure Olympian. And Snoke is not who you think he is. I'm just going to say that right now." She paused a moment, let those words sink in. "Now" she asked. "Can I go back to bed?" Leia nodded. "Of course, but please refrain from screaming in your sleep this time." Abby blushed red, but chuckled. "Yeah, that won't be a problem." Back in her bed, she wrapped the covers around her, closing her eyes. She focused on her determination to find Kylo Ren, stop him, but she also focused on Ben Solo, the good person she had loved so much. And somehow, when she slept, that kept Kylo Ren at bay. Chapter 23 : Bring Ben Home Summary: Read through to the end and prepare for a feels attack! Trust me, I nearly cried writing it. Abby was standing in the hold of the transport next to Rey, waiting for Poe to land the ship, when something caused a painful tightness in her chest. Her hand fumbled for the wall and she leaned against it for a moment, catching her breath. "What's wrong" Rey asked. Abby shook her head. "We're heading straight towards-" The an explosion rocked the ship. Rey and Abby ran for the cockpit where Poe was piloting. "What hit us" Rey asked. "Don't know" Poe said. Abby narrowed her eyes as she stared out the window. Then it happened again, and there was a tiny, barely noticeable, ripple in the air. "Land" she said, her voice deadly serious. "Now." "What-" It happened a third time, and this time they all saw it. "What is that" Poe finished, alarm clear in his voice. "Border magic. It'll destroy us if we don't land, so land, now !" Poe brought the transport down. "Wait for us outside the barrier, which would be a few miles away from here" Abby told Poe. "If we're not back by nightfall go. Save yourself." Poe nodded, and then Abby and Rey walked off through the trees of the planet towards the mountain that was Snoke's base. After a few minutes scramble through the bushes Abby paused again, and this time Rey sensed it too. The presence of Kylo Ren. Abby looked around, anger clear on her face. "Abby" Rey whispered. "How do you know Kylo Ren?" There was a soft chuckle and the sound of a lightsaber igniting. "Abby Grace and I go way, way back." Kylo Ren stepped forward, lightsaber in his hand. He was unmasked, which Rey found a bit strange. "Scavenger" he said, a bit of contempt clear in his voice. "You can run. I only have business with Abby Grace today." Rey went for her weapons, but Ren held out his hand. Her blaster and lightsaber rolled to the ground at his feet. He pursed his lips. "That's a shame. I'd hate to have to kill you." Rey glanced round to make sure the words were coming from Ren's mouth. "This is the last time I'm going to say it" he said, clearly running out of patience. "You can run. I think that is the most sensible option." Rey glanced at her weapons on the ground, at Ren, then at Abby. Abby was completely expressionless, standing there, staring at Ren. Rey ran. But she didn't leave. She managed to hide in the bushes a few feet away from them, and she watched. Because she knew something important was about to happen. Abby reached into her pocket and brought out the multicolor pen Rey had learned to recognize as a weapon. Kylo Ren raised his hand. "No need for that" he said. It was almost casual, the tone he was using with her, like they were old friends meeting up for lunch or something. It-for some reason-scared Rey. It wasn't the way she expected him to act. "Oh really" Abby snapped, eyeing the lightsaber in his hand. He deactivated it and clipped it to his belt. "See? Told you" he said. Abby cautiously put her pen away. One of his hands were still raised in a less-then-friendly gesture. "Who do you think you are" Abby asked. Her voice was deadly quiet. "You think you can just do something like that, but the next morning everything is okay?!" Her voice rose as she said this, anger dripping from every syllable. "I didn't say everything was okay. I just assumed since you showed up you-" "Who says I showed up because of that? Who says I'm not here to kill you?" "You wouldn't kill me Abby. Despite everything I know you wouldn't harm me permanently. Curses can be lifted. Wounds can be healed. Debts can be paid. You seem to have tied up all the loose ends quite neatly. And now you're here-what for, if it is not to take revenge on me?" "I am going to walk into that base and slaughter Snoke" Abby promised. Ren's lip curled. "Oh really? You're powerless. You're alone. Armed with only that pen of yours-powerful weapons, yes, but against him and all his minions?" "What about you?" Abby noticed how he had left out himself when he said who she would have to fight against. "I'm going to stop you here and now. There will be no fight" he said simply. "I was just theorizing, if you found a possible way to get past me, then it would be him and all the minions he keeps in that base you have to fight against." He paused, letting that sink in. "Or" he offered. "You could come with me. I have been assured Snoke will spare you if I have anything to say about it." "And what will I be then?" "Whatever you decide to be. Depends, whether you come quietly or whether I have to fight you." Rey realized that up until this point Abby had not been bound there by anything. Ren was not using the Force on her or anything like that. She simply stayed there of her own free will. This was getting stranger by the minute. Ren drew closer to her, his hand raised towards her face. Then Rey came to another realization-he was penetrating her mind. She didn't seem to react, only stared him down with an icy glare. He wasn't torturing her though. He acted like he didn't want to hurt her. Suddenly he seemed to find something. And it enraged him. Jealousy flashed across his face, the only discernible emotion in his fury. "The pilot" he muttered. "The pilot, he, he..." Ren couldn't seem to find the words. Abby watched him, her lip curling somewhere between a smirk and a frown. "He flirted with you" Ren finally spat. She nodded. "And I rejected him. So what of it?" "He dared, he dared..." "Look" Abby said. "Just because I rejected him doesn't mean-" "Of course it means that! Of course it does!" Ren was angry now, so, so angry. Rey backed away from her hiding spot, prepared to run. "And you deny it, like it doesn't matter!" "Because it doesn't!" "No Abby Grace. It matters much more then you can imagine." He closed his fist and she passed out, falling to the ground like her limbs had turned to spaghetti. He lifted her up. "I'll show you how much it matters." He walked off towards the base and Rey ran, back to the ship. "Finn!" Finn was waiting for Rey at the entrance to the Resistance base. Rey didn't think twice before running into his arms. "Rey, what happened" he asked, embracing her. "Are you alright?" "I'm fine" Rey promised. "But the mission.....it didn't go well. We never even entered the base." "What? You were gone for at least an hour! How did you not enter the base?" "It's a long story that I don't want to tell twice, so why don't we go see General Leia and Master Luke so we can tell them?" "Yeah, that's fine, c'mon." Finn took her hand and lead her into the base. According to Finn Leia was in her room, so they went to see her before finding Master Luke. But, just as Finn raised his hand to knock, they heard it. Two unfamiliar voices laughing and talking, but each had a hint of familiarity, like Rey and Finn had met the owners of the voices in real life. "I was wondering" said one. This one was deep and definitely male, probably in his early twenties. "If we could, I dunno, take a weekend off, come and stay with you, cause you know how everything has kind of calmed down, and she's only seen so much of the house." "I'll think about it." This was General Leia. "But I was wondering, why are you two so wet?" "Oh, no reason" said the other, followed by a bit of giggling. This voice was higher-pitched and clearly female, maybe of a girl in her late teens. Her voice had a playful edge to it, like she was trying not to spill on a secret or inside joke. "I know you two have been doing something" Leia insisted. "You're always getting into trouble together. I hope you haven't gotten Rey into anything, have you?" Rey and Finn both turned to look at each other, staring in shock. " What's this about " Finn whispered. " Just knock " Rey told him. " We'll ask General Leia. " "Mom" the man said. "You know we wouldn't get Rey into any trouble. We've seen enough of it ourselves." " That " Leia said sadly. "Is hard to argue with." Finn rapped his knuckles against the door. There was moments scramble, followed by a click. "Come in" Leia called. Rey pushed open the door and walked in. Leia was standing back to a holoprojector on the table, which projected what Rey guessed was the image of two people, but Rey couldn't see their facial features behind the General's back. She noticed Leia's eyes were a bit wet. "What is it Rey? How did the mission go?" "That's what I came to tell" Rey said, and the tone of her voice alerted Leia that it was not good. "Well, why don't you go collect Luke and Poe and everyone and you can tell the story then. I'll be there in a minute" Leia ordered. "Yes General" Finn said, and pulled Rey out of the room. Leia turned back to the holo of her son and Abby Grace. She had saved every holo Ben had ever sent her, and this one happened to contain Abby Grace as well. She had learned later that they had fallen into the canoe lake at her camp, hence the fact that they were both dripping wet, but their eyes were sparkling with fun. Leia was happy that Ben had found such a person. She knew he partially enjoyed training with Luke, but she guessed it was probably boring at times. Abby Grace seemed to appear whenever she was needed, whether it was to spend time with Ben or help out Leia and the Resistance, she was always there. Leia always felt guilty that she and Han were not a constant in Ben's life, but he had found one of his own. In all honesty when Ben first began telling of her-he was a young boy at the time-Leia and Han had doubted her existence, believing she was just an imaginary friend Ben had come up with in the absence of his parents while he tried to adjust to the new situation. But no, she had appeared to them, a smiling, friendly, happy young girl. Leia and Han had both known when they saw the way Abby and Ben looked at each other. They were going to fall in love, if they hadn't already. And it did happen. Of course, Han had his doubts about Abby, as there were clearly such strange, mysterious, and-quite frankly-downright creepy things about her, but they allowed their son to develop a relationship with her simply because he was happy. And then they found out what the stranger things about her were. She wasn't human. That didn't surprise them that much, it wasn't like humans were the only species in the galaxy, and many other species had human qualities. She was divine. That did surprise them. Han had already accepted that the Force existed, but this was too much. It had taken every single excuse Leia could think up to stop him from breaking them apart right then and there. But the worst part about this was that Ben picked up on it. There were fights. *Flashback* "Why does it matter if she's different" Leia had heard her son yelling at Han one night, when Ben had came to stay at their house. "Because this is insanity" Han had retorted. "I've already accepted Luke and all his magical nonsense as fact, now I'm supposed to believe my own son has fallen in love with a so-called goddess ?!" "It shouldn't matter! It shouldn't matter to you especially! When have you cared about any part of my life until you find out my girlfriend is a little less then your definition of perfect?! That's not right!" "It care because I'm your father." That comment was surely meant to be reassuring and kindly, but neither Ben nor Leia had taken it that way. "I know she's already dragged you into a full-blown war. Sure, you're fine, but your mother and I never stopped worrying about you. Sure, you earned status as a so-called Hero of Olympus , but what in the galaxy does that mean to us?" "Dad, look, I'm gonna be a Jedi. Dangerous situations like that will be my job. If you can't stand to see me go off into danger like that maybe you should never have sent me to train with Luke at all!" "It was Leia's idea in the first place! I never wanted to send you off to her glowstick-wielding yahoo of a brother to learn some thousand-year-old hokey religion!" "Oh, so now I'm a glowsick-wielding yahoo and one of the practitioners of a hokey religion, and the person I love is a freak?! Thanks a lot dad. I'm going to bed." Ben had stormed out of the living room, brushing past Leia where she stood in the hallway, and up the stairs to his room. Leia walked into the living room. Han was sitting in his chair, head in his hands. "I didn't mean that" he said quietly. "I know you didn't" Leia assured him. "But please, try to be flexible about this. At least Ben is happy. Neither of us should have a problem with that." "No" Han had said quietly. "We shouldn't." *End Of Flashback* Leia stared at the holo, tears pricking at her eyes. She had been so sure that relationship would turn out right. She had suspected that, someday soon, Abby and Ben would get married. But that day never came. Instead came Ben's turn to the Dark, the rise of the First Order, and Han's death. Leia didn't blame Ben for having bitter feelings towards Han and herself. She didn't even blame him for Han's death. She blamed herself. She had not talked to Han about Ben's realtionship with Abby, she had not been there for either Han or Ben as much as she should have. And she was only realizing these things eleven years too late. The transmission she was re-watching was eleven years old. She had saved every single one Ben ever sent her. Some-like this one-she remembered what had been said and could talk along with Ben, re-creating the conversation. Others she had completely forgotten the very existence of. This particular one happened to contain Abby Grace, and that had grown more frequent as time went on after-as Abby called it-the Second Titan War. These were the ones Leia enjoyed most, seeing her son a part of a happy couple, laughing along with Abby as they told Leia of their antics that day. It was always funny and interesting-they had fallen in the canoe lake, visited to Mount Olympus (Abby's home), played Capture-the-Flag in the woods. Even now, when she knew the fate of those two, they always brought a smile and laugh to Leia's lips. They helped her. Somehow she had never given up on Ben and Abby, even after Ben's turn. Abby had said she was always watching, and that confirmed Leia's theory. She may not know the gods very well, but she knew what Abby's true mission here was. Bring Ben home. Chapter 24 : Storm Summary: This is literally the "Calm The Storm" oneshot copied and pasted. Just saying. Also, I am such a freaking idiot, I completely forgot to post this! Sorry, read and enjoy! Ren dragged her into the audience chamber, as she couldn't fight back against him in her weakened mortal state. The doors opened before him and he brought her in. Just for show, he shoved her forward, so she stood at the foot of Snoke's throne. Then he backed into the corner, into the darker area of the room, just in case a fight broke out or Snoke's guards-which he had only noticed a few days ago, Scythian dracaena -thought they needed to protect their master. Snoke's lip curled as he looked down at his weakened and helpless daughter. "Abby Grace" he said coldly. "Bow to me." "No" she said. "Olympus will not be intimidated by you." Snoke rose from his throne. "Foolish girl, I said bow!" He flicked his hand and Abby doubled over, like she'd been punched in the gut. Another strike brought her to her knees. Ren winced in sympathy. Snoke had done that to him on multiple occasions, and he knew how much it hurt. Abby glared up at the Titan lord, baring her teeth. "You son of a gorgon, I swear, once I have my full power-" Another blow shut her up. "Silence child" Snoke ordered. "Believe me, I am only toying with you. You will not regain your full power from the Olympians. Join me, on the other hand......." She stared up at him, her face blank. "You can do that?" "I can only invoke the part of you that is a Titan. Your true form." Abby shook her head. "I'll never join you." "Then you need not worry. Your death will be slow, but now is not the time. I will have my revenge. Rest assured you will join us or die." He sat back down on his throne. "Sess" he barked at the dracaena. "Take her away!" The guards came forward, slithering on their two snake tails, and hoisted Abby up by the arms. They dragged her away. Ren tried to back even farther into the corner. Those guards freaked him out. Everything about Kronos's entourage of horrors did. He had vampires, dragons, demons, snake people, demigods, giants, other Titans, and many others Kylo couldn't name. Ren only controlled the First Order. He didn't want to know what Kronos used to torture and kill those who displeased him. "Ren" Snoke ordered. "Come forward." Kylo walked forward until he was standing at the foot of Snokes throne. "Bow." He did without hesitation, kneeling before the Titan lord. "Very good. Rise." He returned to his feet. "I want you to speak with Abby Grace." "What?" He was shocked. What could he do? Abby Grace was a stubborn, annoying, unhelpful, sexy- Wait what? Oops. "Speak with her." Snoke didn't seem to notice the slip-up he'd had in his mind. "You are the only person who I think can convince her to join the Dark side. The only person she will talk to." "Yes Supreme Leader." But Snoke wasn't done. "Remember Ren, I am watching her. If she is unleashed for any reason other then the fact that she has turned it will not be a good day for any of us. She is still one of the Olympians. She is a danger unless she is on our side. You will have what you desire..........but only after this task is complete. Understand?" Ren shivered. He got the undertone of that too well. If you unleash her for your personal interests bad things will happen, not just to you but to the entire First Order as well. "I will not fail Supreme Leader." "No. You won't." Ren turned and marched out of the room, heading straight for where Abby Grace was being kept. It was about time he had a chat with her. It was the crashing that tipped him off. And the screaming. And cursing in ancient Greek. Abby was not happy about this. But he didn't understand. Abby Grace was usually calm and collected, sure she explained things at ninety miles an hour, but she never threw tantrums like that. Like he did. There, he admitted it. He came to the door. It was only a few minutes walk away from his chambers. He wondered what the Supreme Leader was playing at. But he didn't think about it too much. There was always a plan, most of the time disclosed to him, sometimes not, but there was always a plan. He typed the pass code into the keypad and walked through the door. What he saw was shocking. A lavish room. His feet sank into the carpet. A massive glass wall led out onto a balcony, allowing natural light to stream in from the setting sun. It tinted everything blood red. The girl of blood and sun. Abby was standing over some of the furniture, smashing it and ripping it, doing her best to cause as much destruction as possible. But whenever she managed to destroy something it was simply magically replaced with something better. "You finished" Ren asked, crossing his arms, and leaning against the wall next to the door. Abby whipped around and there was a sharp clink. She was wearing black pants and a black v-neck t-shirt. Her jacket was lying on the bed, the only thing she hadn't seemed to attempt to destroy. Suddenly his eyes were drawn to the black chains around her ankles, the source of the clicking noise. They clinked around her bare feet as she moved. "What do you want!?" "I came to see if you were alright. All the screaming and cursing, you'd think something was wrong." Abby's eyes narrowed. "Tell the truth!" "What do you mean?" "You don't care about anyone anymore. I know how you killed Han Solo. I know why the Hosnian system doesn't exist anymore." "Don't look at me like that" Ren said, crumbling under her resentful glare. "I'm not a monster. I was simply doing what I had to do." "Hmph" Abby snorted, sitting down against the wall and pulling her knees up to her chest. From this angle Ren noticed her cheeks were tear stained. "If you weren't a monster Ben Solo would be talking to me. Not Kylo Ren." He moved forward, involuntarily wanting to comfort her, just like he had so many times before. He stopped himself, deciding that it probably wasn't safe to approach her in this state. "If you're wondering my magic is muted by these chains, if it even existed" Abby said resentfully. "I was stripped of my powers." "You're still Force-sensitive" Ren argued. "I could show you how to use that power!" Abby looked away from him, staring out the window. He moved forward again, kneeling in front of her. She refused to look at him. She seemed so resentful and angry, yet so torn. "I couldn't do anything, or I already would have. I'm too weak. Look at my hands, they're shaking." To his surprise she slipped her hands into his. They were shaking. His fingers closed over hers. Abby Grace was hard to read if you didn't know her already. He did. He knew how to look in her eyes and see exactly what she was feeling. Right now she was scared out of her mind. Fear like she'd never felt before. It took Ren a second to register that it was fear of him . "Just join me Abby" he said quietly. "Snoke promised me many things in return for my allegiance. Power, respect, the whole galaxy-" "Snoke is planning to destroy the galaxy, not give it to anyone! You are blind" Abby said. "Snoke promised me one thing more, one thing I have much desired........" He suddenly stopped talking. Abby shook her head. "Snoke's promises are empty. You will not gain anything from this except a sure sentence in the Fields of Punishment for allying with an enemy of the gods after he destroys you." "He promised me you ." Abby froze. "Snoke cannot give me away to anyone, even you. True, I loved Ben Solo. But I cannot love Kylo Ren. My father has been out of it for too many millennia. You can't give away your daughters anymore." "So you did love me." "So what if I did? You aren't you anymore Ben." "I inspire fear in you" he said quietly. "The great Abby Grace, fears me. Abby Grace fears Kylo Ren." "You handed me in to Kronos. You betrayed me too many times." "I betrayed Olympus. You are not an Olympian." "Not anymore" she agreed miserably. "Why are you so upset? You never wanted to be one anyway." "That was because I wanted to be with Ben Solo. But now that he's gone I suppose I have no choice." Ren's grip on her hands tightened and she tried to jerk them away. He held her fast. "Please Abby. I know you wish to join me. What is holding you back?" "Kronos" she said simply. "I will never join Kronos. I sacrificed too much of my life to stopping him to join him now." "It doesn't have to be this way!" "And what will you do about it?" He looked down, clearly angry and frustrated by her stubbornness. He let her hands go and all of a sudden stood back up. "Do not think I won't be back. We will speak of this more." He turned on his heel and left her, curled up against the wall. Once outside the door he could have sworn he heard a sob. He-to be honest-wanted to cry too. Why did she have to be so complicated? But somehow he knew he was the one being stubborn and complicated. She would gladly join Ben Solo. She would gladly love Ben Solo. He had thought Ben Solo was gone. But, hearing her quiet sobs, he realized Ben Solo was very much alive. He wanted to go right back in there and comfort her. Kylo Ren did nothing but inspire fear and take things from people. Ren clenched his fists, keeping his back towards the door. In his head a voice said Ben? What's going on with you? He remembered his response to his question. It's alright. I promise everything will be okay after a little while. Just sit tight. I'll make sure you're okay. He stormed away from the room, memories all of a sudden calling out to him. He was fighting for control. Himself or Ben Solo. I learned that monsters and ghosts exist. Then I let them win. Chapter 25 : "I Can't Be Saved" "I can't be saved" Ren murmured. "No" he corrected himself. "I don't need to be saved, do I?" He never really knew who he was talking to. Was he talking to the mask of Darth Vader sitting across the room from him? Was he speaking with Vader's Force ghost? Or was someone else listening? Easy answer. Of course someone else was listening. Maybe not anymore, but definitely in the past. As he moved towards that area of thinking something else caught his attention. Their bond was wide open. It was literally and in all forms impossible for them to have not developed a bond over all the years they'd spent together, and there it was, wide open. That meant she could hear his every thought, notice his every action. Thinking about me again? He bit his lip. I guess. That sounded so much like something he would have said at the very first stage of their relationship, back when he was unsure around her. Now he knew her better then he knew himself. There was no need for hesitation, but he did anyway. Better then you know yourself........... She chuckled softly. You're lucky. It is so near impossible to pin down us immortals. Mortals just don't live long enough to get to know us, really know us. Gods don't change. You do. You're not a goddess Abby! I'm not the one sitting alone in their room talking to a burnt bucket. Why don't you just give up already?! It's been gods-know-how-long and you're still locked in that room, unable to escape but unwilling to give in! Because I'm not giving Snoke what he wants. Ever. And I know perfectly well what you want. That is a totally different matter, so don't even try to bring it up. I could just as easily start giving you those dreams again. He knew Abby shuddered. He had stopped with those dreams after the night before Abby visited the base, but he could very easily begin giving them to her again. He knew they drove her completely mad. But that wouldn't help. She was already unstable from her imprisonment. Abby hated being caged. It drove her crazy. Probably the only things that had kept her sane so far were the option of exiting onto the terrace outside her room, which provided her with fresh air and sunlight, and the visits from Kylo. Despite her show of anger and contempt towards him he knew she was glad to see him. But it was going nowhere. Snoke was impatient for results. He knew-and so did Ren-that if she was not on their side she was a threat. Meanwhile Ren had completed his training. Nothing much to get excited about. Snoke was still Supreme Leader . Abby didn't act any different. He had the idea Hux wouldn't notice or care unless Snoke told him. He slammed the connection to her shut and got up. An idea had struck him, one that was so crazy it was almost an Abby-like idea, but he was sure it would work. His training was over. And what was the tradition of the Sith? To kill their former master and take a new apprentice. He knew he wasn't strictly a Sith, but Vader had been and this had been one of his goals. A devilish smirk crossed his lips and he picked up his mask, pulling it over his head. It was late at night and Snoke would not be watching Abby's room. Ren knew there was some sort of surveillance system watching that room, one Snoke could operate, but he also knew none of that extended into the bathroom that accompanied the room. Simple politeness, but it was a design flaw. A flaw that could be used. Snoke probably watched so he made sure nothing.........ahem, fishy happened, but Ren had no intention of that. He strode out of his room, making for Abby's prison. Abby looked up from where she lay, curled on the bed. She had been cautious to sleep ever since the mention of those dreams had been dropped in their conversation, but his thoughts had almost immediately left that. First they had gone to the fact that she was loosing it, then to the fact that his Dark side training was complete. And then the connection slammed shut and she was left with only her own thoughts. But that was only temporary, because moments later he burst into the room. He was wearing that stupid mask again. He didn't say a word, only gestured for her to follow him into the bathroom. She raised one eyebrow, and their connection opened again. I swear on the River Styx this isn't weird. I just have to say something in private. Private? But- There's no security in the bathroom, for obvious reasons. Abby got to her feet and followed, those horrid chains clinking behind her. Ren was right. They did drive her crazy. In all honesty she was a little bit claustrophobic, and imprisonment didn't help matters, especially this close to Snoke. She was more afraid of him then she would ever, ever readily admit. Something about his energy, aura if you will, completely drained her. Speaking of auras, she had been working on a new trick that allowed her to see them......Why not try it? She didn't even know what her color was. Once they were in the bathroom she closed her eyes tight and concentrated on any magical energy she had left. The tiniest bit of power stirred inside of her, and she opened her eyes. She herself was surrounded by a second skin of hot pink energy-that wasn't a surprise. If she had to pick her favorite color pink was high on the list. Kind of girly, but she didn't care or discriminate like that. The aura popped and sparked, crackling around her in a flurry on contained power. Then she turned her eyes to Kylo. His aura was black, pulsing around him in a thick cloud, with shifting blue hues. "What are you staring at?" She realized Ren had no idea what she was doing and shut off her sight of the auras. As they both disappeared she caught of whiff of vanilla and.......damn, she didn't quite catch that. Auras also produced a particular smell associated with a preference of the person they belonged to, but if you didn't pay attention for some people you could very easily miss it. Her's was strong-vanilla was her scent, and it was always there. "Okay, what do you want to tell me?" She shivered underneath his gaze behind that stupid mask. "I have a plan. It's a good plan, but you have to trust me." "Do you trust me" Abby asked. She remembered how he had trusted her enough to jump off the cliff-like hill back at camp. "I trust you" he said, after hesitating a moment. "Do you trust me?" "Why should I?" She knew he made a face under the mask. "I can't tell you the plan here and now, but if you turn I can get you out of here and put it in action. You have to trust me." Abby turned away, but was abruptly met by her reflection in the mirror. Her face was thin. She had refused to eat most of the food she was offered, because in Ancient Greece eating in another's house was like signing a contract that you were a guest and the person who offered the food was the host. Kronos knew this and no doubt stood by it. Abby didn't want to sign that contract. Not at all . Her eyes had lost something, but she couldn't put a finger on it. She knew it had been gone since before this. Long before this. Her face was pale and there were dark circles under her eyes. Whatever had made her special was slipping away. There was a click and hiss, then Ren's gloved fingers found their way to her shoulder. "Abby" he said, but his speech wasn't altered by the mask. "I trust you. And I know this will work. I just need your help." Abby turned back around, shrugging his hand off her. "I appreciate it Ren. But I don't make deals with evil. I destroy it." She walked out of the room and crawled back into bed, pulling the covers over her and shutting her eyes. She heard Ren walk past the bed and out. But before the door closed she heard him whisper. "Goodnight Abby." Chapter 26 : Turning The World Around Summary: Shoutout to regieana on wattpad.com for adding this story to their reading list! Love you regieana, thank you so much! P.S. The ending is kind of filler, but the beginning is important! Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Ren and Hux walked into the audience chamber. Snoke sat forward on his throne the minute they entered. "Anything" he asked. Ren knew what he was talking about, whereas Hux didn't. "Nothing" he replied. Snoke made a disgusted little hissing sound. "Of course" he spat. Ren could tell he was at the very end of his patience over the matter of his daughter. "Very well" Snoke continued, a cold, bitter edge to his voice. "General? Progress report." But before Hux could say a word the doors opened with a crash and Snoke's dracaena guard slithered in. "What is it Sess" he snapped. "Can't you see I'm in the middle of a meeting?!" "Ssssssecurity breach my lord" she hissed. "The prissssoner attempted to esssscape." "What" Snoke exclaimed. "Bring her in immediately! I've had enough of this." Ren stepped back against the wall, gesturing for Hux to do the same. The dracaena dragged Abby in at spearpoint, her wrists behind her back and bound with energy binders. Abby was breathing hard and her skin was slick with sweat, but she was grinning like a mad woman. She extended one of her hands in Ren's direction and her pen flew out of his pocket and into her hand. She activated it and turned on the guards, but with her hands bound she was too slow. One disarmed her while the other delivered a blow to her ribs. Snoke rose, terrible fury radiating off him, so much so that it manifested as heat. He opened his palm and Abby's sword flew into it. The dracaena turned Abby around so she was facing the Titan lord. "Ren" he growled. "Why was this in your possession?" Ren swallowed hard. "I took it a I knew it was a weapon-" Snoke gave a bitter laugh. "And you've been carrying it around in your pocket ever since? I would not have expected that of you." He turned back to his daughter. "As for you Abby Grace-" " Abby Grace " Hux whispered. " Isn't that the same girl he was warning us about? " Ren's only response was; "Shh. Watch." "You are constantly stubborn. Daily visits from Ren, my most powerful student, cannot break you. And now you have attempted to escape, as though the Olympians would ever welcome you back under their wings. Foolish girl. If you will not turn of your own free will I will force you!" Snoke dropped her sword, and as it fell it changed back into a pen before clattering to the floor. He held up his hand. For one torturous moment, nothing happened. Then Abby's eyes went wide. She opened her mouth like she was trying to form a sentence, but no sound came out. Her body began to twitch, convulsing, her legs shaking as she tried to stand. She made small noises like she was choking, which she probably was. Her legs collapsed from under her and she fell to her knees, twitching and convulsing and crying out in pain. Ren turned to Hux. He watching with avid horror. Ren couldn't help but agree. He was glad he was wearing the mask that hid his face, because his expression probably would give away his feelings for Abby. He opened their bond, for some reason wondering what she was feeling. Abby's eyes flashed to him, wide with shock. For a second he felt it-unbearable, choking, white-hot, searing pain-before slamming the bond shut again. Snoke was glaring down at his daughter with an expression like..........amusement. He thought this was funny, watching her get tortured like this. Abby's screams echoed throughout the chamber, and strange things began to happen, all affected by her powers. Smoky veils began forming around every person. Her's-hot pink-Ren's-black and blue- Hux's-ginger and black-and Snoke's-pure black. An overwhelming smell of vanilla seeped into the room. Snoke frowned. Four distinct smells were sifting around in the room. Vanilla, ginger, mint, and sulfur. It was nearly enough to make both Ren and Hux gag. Abby continued to scream, but now she was forming audible words. "Ben! Ben! Ben!" Just his name repeated again and again. Hux glanced at Ren. He did not know Ren's name, but Abby's screams were clearly directed at him. He watched, the smells and sights and sounds assaulting his mind. Abby's lips were blue and she hacked and gagged for air. Her limbs witched and convulsed, numbing from the pain. "STOP!" Ren made up his mind right then and there. He moved forward, standing over Abby, blocking her from the Supreme Leader. "Stop" he said again. The smoky auras dissolved, along with the stench of sulfur, ginger, vanilla, and mint. On their own some of them were fine, but together they made Ren's eyes water. He was, again, glad he had his mask to block the worst of it. "What is this Ren" Snoke asked coldly. "Developing affection for the enemy?" "No Supreme Leader" Ren said quickly. "It's just......did you really think that was going to work?" "Well, whatever you were doing clearly wasn't working" Snoke snapped. "She tried to escape!" "That's the idea. She can't stand being here. If I could, say, take her somewhere else, the new environment might help her adjust, make her more comfortable in the presence of those such as Hux and I." "And where would this somewhere else be?" "The Finalizer " Ren said immediately. He was sure this would work. Abby couldn't stand the presence of Kronos. Fine then. I'll take her out of it. Snoke considered it. "Fine. You have one week. If she does not give in by that date, terminate her. Sess! Take her out." The dracaena dragged Abby out. She was weakened by the torture, barely able to stand on her own two feet. Snoke sat back down. "General? Your report." Hux stepped forward and began gave the report. After that Snoke bid him wait outside. "Ren" he said. "I am trusting you. If this does not work we will be forced to terminate her. She is powerful, but if we keep her like this much longer she will be rendered useless. If she does turn then you needn't bring her back here. You're probably right in the first place. Now go. You can take Hux's shuttle back. But don't leave him. I know it's probably tempting, but don't. Oh yes, and take this." Abby's pen floated up. Ren picked it out of the air, turned, and walked out. Hux was standing in the hallway, waiting for him. Abby was leaning against the wall just outside the door, the dracaena guards keeping their spears against her ribs. Hux was smoking-which was unusual-but Ren had smelled enough strange chemical mixtures after whatever Abby had done in the audience chamber to last a lifetime. "Stop that" he snapped at the General. "I can't stand the smell." Hux shrugged. "You're lucky, wearing that mask. It was much worse. What was that even about in the first place?" "I'll explain in a minute, but first I need to talk to her." Ren turned to the guards. "I'll take her." They both nodded and bowed, before slithering back into Snoke's audience chamber. Abby stared at him. "Why did you do that" she asked. "You could have gotten yourself killed." "I did it because I knew torture wasn't the answer." Hux gave a short laugh. " This time" Ren finished, shooting him a sideways look. "Why don't I get you two acquainted? Abby Grace, this is General Hux. Hux, this is Abby Grace." Hux nodded coldly in her direction. Abby did as well before turning back to Ren. "So" she said. "We're going to your ship?" "Yes. The Finalizer ." "That's all well and good, but-" "I'm not going to have you argue" Ren snapped. "I put quite a few things on the line by saving your miserable life, my power and status to say the least." Hux chuckled. "What did she say to you? She obviously did something." "It's none of your business, that's what" Ren snapped. This only made Hux laugh harder. "You're going to choke yourself on that stupid cigarette if you keep laughing." Abby rolled her eyes at the ceiling. "If I'm going to be taken somewhere why don't we just go instead of standing here and making me watch you two idiots bicker. But Kylo's right, that is gross." She turned and marched down the hall in the direction of the landing pad. Ren walked, catching up with her. "How do you know which way to go?" "This is where I was trying to go when I escaped" she said, not looking at him. "And how did you escape?" "A little Titan magic. A little aruic magic. A little creativity. You know the drill. Probably should have tried to use the Force and get those guards off my tail, but too late now isn't it?" "It's funny" Ren said. "How you are tortured half to death, then get up and walk around talking about your attempted prison break as though stuff like this happens to you every other day." She shrugged. "Just another day in the life of Abby Grace. Or whatever my life has become since I showed up here." She sounded a bit bitter. "I'm trying to help you" Ren snapped as they walked aboard the shuttle. Hux was following behind them and listening to the entire conversation. "If you wouldn't stop being so stubborn. I did ask you to come here and get captured." Abby's face turned bright red. "I should slap you upside the head, if it wasn't for that stupid mask." Hux coughed. "Not to mention your hands are tied" he added. Abby's expression became a bit bemused. "My hands are tied? No they're not." She turned around. Her fingers sparked and the energy binders snapped. "See?" She sat down on the bench of the shuttle. Hux's mouth dropped open. "Did she just do that" he whispered to Ren. "Yes, she did" Ren said, without lowering his voice. "Snoke was completely correct when he said she was a threat. She just has to be dealt with in a special way." Abby raised an eyebrow at him. "You are being really weird without even trying, you know that right?" "Must have picked it up from you." Abby rolled her eyes at the ceiling. "I know I'm weird, thanks for the reminder." They were already in hyperspace by that time, Hux having ordered his pilot to take off the moment they were on board. "Okay" Ren said. "You have one week to give in. You can make it easy and give in now, or wait and force us to terminate you." Abby tilted her head. "That's easy. Take off your mask." "Why do I need to do that" Ren asked, but he did as she asked. The bottom panel slid up, allowing him to pull the contraption off his shoulders. Abby's eyes searched his face for a second before getting to her feet. *slap!* "Ow! Right in the kriffing scar too" Ren exclaimed. Abby smirked at him. "As much as I'd like to slap both you and gingersnaps upside the head, then drag you back to your mother I guess I can't. Sure, I'll join." "What" Hux said. "It's that easy for you to decide? Why didn't you just say so?" "I'm never giving into to Kronos. Never " Abby assured Hux. "Gingersnaps and Darth Tantrum.....now that I can deal with." "Darth Tantrum? Gingersnaps? And you want to slap both of us upside the head? Kriff, I'm glad you're on our side" Ren murmured. Abby shrugged. "There's only so much I can take." She sat back down. Ren walked away from her, into another area of the shuttle. Hux followed. "You know her, don't you?" Thank the gods he had finished his cigarette, but he was probably going to light up another one any moment now. He did it all the time when he wasn't strictly on duty, and it disgusted Ren. The noxious smoke made him want to throw up. Ren waited a moment before answering. "Yes. So what?" "Who was she screaming for? Something tells me she was asking for you. " Damn you Hux . "I'm not stupid Ren" he continued. "I know that's not your real name. Your real name wouldn't happen to be Ben, would it?" "None of your business, that's what" Ren snapped. "My personal life is not your concern." "So it is?" "I'm warning you Hux, this is not something you will speak of. What happened in that encounter will stay in that encounter." Ren scowled, crossing his arms across his chest. Hux's hand absentmindedly went to his jacket pocket and pulled out his pack of cigarettes. "And stop smoking those, dammit, it's disgusting" Ren said, slapping the pack out his hand. All of a sudden Abby was behind Hux. "Alright, what's happening?" When neither of them said anything she added "I could smell a fight brewing between you two a mile away. It's obvious when you're angry." She pointed to Ren. "And the smarter you get with him-" She pointed to Hux. "The angrier he gets. So both of you get your act together." She walked back to where she had been sitting and sat back down, leaning against the wall and crossing her legs at the ankles. Hux stared for a moment. "Okay" he said. "I'm prepared to sleep with her if she'll agree to stay here, because anyone who can calm you down is a friend in my book." Ren controlled himself for about two seconds. Then he slapped Hux across the face. "Don't you dare" he spat. "If you keep running your mouth I'll do much worse then slap you." Hux-to Ren's surprise-smirked. "What's your problem" he asked. "I don't see why I can't crack a joke around here-" Ren pointed a finger at him. "I swear to the entire Pantheon of Olympus, if you make a sexual joke about her again I will dangle you by your ankles over the pits of Tartarus" he hissed through clenched teeth. "Are we gonna have a party where we all slap each other or something, because that's what this is beginning to look like" Abby called. "And by the way I heard every word that was just said. Don't break that promise Kylo. The Pantheon takes those promises almost as seriously as they take Styx swears, so be careful." Ren nodded, his face tight with fury. "Oh yeah, and don't even think about" Abby added. She grinned at them. Hux nodded. His face was almost as red as his hair. He walked into the cockpit, muttering to himself. Ren sat down on one of the benches, picking up his helmet and glaring at the dented metal. Abby was watching him. "That was........an interesting reaction to a joke. I mean, even I could tell he was just kidding around. Why so serious?" "You know how I feel about this" Ren said, without looking up. "You feel like I'm yours, and no one else can come close" Abby summed up. "You're probably right." Notes: Please note: Don't smoke kids!!!! I repeat, don't smoke! I just made Hux smoke because it's the general consensus on the internet that he does. Don't smoke! Abby and Kylo are right, it is disgusting and it will shorten your life! Please, do not smoke! (Sorry, I had to put that in there) Chapter 27 : All I've Lost Summary: If you're wondering, this part is based on this file:///C:/Users/Warner%20children/Downloads/Trash%20And%20Star%20Wars/11%20(Fanart).jpg image BTW sorry if my prequel knowledge isn't correct, I haven't seen the end of Revenge Of The Sith, nor have I seen Return Of The Jedi for a while either. Also, filler! Ren sat. He stared. He couldn't think of anything to say. The empty sockets of the burnt mask seemed to glare back at him. I'm not the one who's sitting alone in their room talking to a burnt bucket. Despite the obvious contempt that statement had carried it made him laugh. Abby was funny without even trying. She was friendly and interesting and comical, but also serious and hardworking should the need arise. All of a sudden his back was washed with a light, cold breeze. "So" a voice said. "You do love someone, just as I did." He turned to see the Force ghost of Anakin Skywalker standing behind him. "Grandfather" he managed, too shocked to think of anything reasonable to say. "Yes, I am your grandfather, Anakin Skywalker. You seek to follow the Dark path of Darth Vader." Anakin gestured to the mask. "It is not wise Ben Solo. But why do you follow it? I followed it to save the woman I loved. She died. If you care for Abby Grace as you no doubt do, I don't see why you follow this Dark path." "I" Ren began. "I seek to finish what Darth Vader started." Anakin's lip curled and he placed a hand over Ren's eyes. "Then see the cost." Ren was plunged into a vision. *Vision* "Anakin, why are you doing this?!" A teary-eyed woman stood before Ren, clearly about nine months pregnant. "You're breaking my heart. I don't know you anymore. You're going down a path I cannot follow." He reached out with the Force, and sensed Obi-Wan Kenobi aboard the ship Padm had landed in. "LIAR" he roared and lifted a hand, beginning to choke his own wife. She reached up and grabbed at her throat, shaking her head. "Please" she whispered. "Please." "Let her go Anakin" another voice ordered, and Obi-Wan Kenobi walked off the ship. He caught sight of him and released Padm. She collapsed and he brought out his lightsaber. He and Obi-Wan dueled back and forth until finally he stood on a platform in the lava, Obi-Wan a few feet above him on the black sand. "Give up" Obi-Wan urged. "I have the high ground." He roared and lept up, flipping through the air. Suddenly his body erupted in pain as Obi-Wan slashed his lightsaber, chopping off three of his limbs. He fell backward across the black sand, and his body caught on fire. He was screaming and roaring in pain. "I HATE YOU" he screamed. "You were my brother Anakin" Obi-Wan said. "I loved you." He picked up his lightsaber and walked off, leaving Ren burning. Ren realized as the time passed he was watching this from Anakin's perspective, but Anakin was letting him see and feel every bit of it. Even the pain. Especially the pain. Finally an old, decrepit man-Darth Sidious, no doubt-found him and took him aboard a shuttle. He was operated on and encased in a suit of all black, a helmet lowering over his head. The very same helmet Ren sat in front of in reality. "Padm" he asked, his voice a low rasp. "Where is she? Is she alright?" "I'm afraid" the Emperor said with a chuckle. "That in your anger you killed her." He screamed again, tearing his arms and legs out of the restraints binding him to the operating table. His Force powers made the entire room shake. "NNNNNNOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!" "Father! Father, please!" Ren found himself in a scene strikingly similar to the one in Snoke's audience chamber a few weeks ago. Luke Skywalker was on the ground, convulsing and screaming due to the effects of the Force lighting Sidious was throwing at him. "Father" Luke screamed again. "Please!" Finally he couldn't stand it a moment longer. He caught the Emperors robes, lifting him up over his head, Force lighting crashing down on both of them, and bringing him over the reactor shaft. He tossed Sidious over the rail and he fell, down, down, down, until he exploded, Force energy erupting from the remains of the Sith. Waves of it flowed over him, damaging the already broken circuits of his cybernetic body. His mechanical breathing became a wheeze and his legs refused to support him. Somehow Luke found the strength to come over to him and lift him up, dragging him to a shuttle. Then, he turned to Luke. "Help me take this mask off." "But you'll die." "I want to see you for once, with my own eyes." Luke removed the helmet. Ren didn't know what his appearance was, but something told him it wasn't good. Despite that Luke looked down at him with such clear compassion. "You were right about me." His voice had changed, instead of am intimidating rumble it was the low wheeze of an old, dying man. "Tell your sister......you were right." And everything went black. *End Of Vision* Ren kept his eyes shut. He didn't want to see anything anymore. Everything he thought had had known about Vader had been flipped upside down. Everything he had known about his own mission was falling through his fingers like sand. A tear traced down his cheek. "You redeemed yourself" he whispered. "Yes Ben" Anakin confirmed. "I redeemed myself in my last moments. But I couldn't have done that without the compassion of my son." "What......why.......how" Ren couldn't think of the right question to ask. Finally he found it. "Did you really kill Padm?" Anakin's hand was still over his eyes, but he could guess how the Force ghosts expression soured. "No" he said finally. "Though I did strike a dangerous blow to her, one I never should have." "What?" "I broke her heart." The ghost of Anakin Skywalker dissolved, leaving Ren alone, scared, and confused. He ran his fingers through his hair, tugging at his black locks. Tears ran down his cheeks. "I don't understand" he yelled in frustration. "What can I do now?!" There was no response. "I can't be saved" he muttered again. "I can't be saved." Chapter 28 : "They're Just Stormtroopers" Summary: I'm back from vacation!!! Just saying, you guys should probably go back and check out the part "I Owe You", because I edited the beginning. You should also check out part 24, which I added, it's called Storm, I completely derped and forgot to post it, so yeah. Enjoy! Ever since FN-2187 defected Kylo Ren had made a point of overseeing every single stage of stormtrooper training. Yes, it was time-consuming, but the damage caused by one single defecting stormtrooper was much to apparent for the matter to blow over. And he had to bring Abby with him. He knew that, if left alone, she could very well sabotage the First Order's plans. Despite being robbed of her godly powers she was still very clever and tricky. So he brought her with him to the out-of-the-way base where they raised and trained stormtroopers. She stuck with it for a few hours, and then her attention began to waver. She began fidgeting, glancing around, shifting from foot to foot. He should have known she would have problems paying attention. Yes, she had commanded an army before, but that was over a decade ago by then, and the army in question simply didn't work like the First Order did. Then, as they walked towards the next training area, she slipped away. Abby had sensed something she would have never expected. Children. She glanced at Ren, waited a moment, and then slipped away down the hall, navigating the dark hallways until she came to a locked door with a machine to the side. She had seen those machines around before. They required a passcard to allow entry. She reached into her pocket. She had been given a passcard for reasons that were not disclosed to her, and she was delighted to find the machine accepted it. The lock clicked and she pushed open the door. The room was clearly barracks, but instead of adult stormtroopers there were children. When they saw Abby they all jumped out of their beds and stood at attention. Her mouth parted in shock. "What.....how.......why" she mumbled. Children. Little children. Kidnapped and brainwashed. That struck a little too close to home. She picked out the youngest, a three-year-old boy, and knelt in front of him. He didn't break his stance, staring at her with a question in his eye. "Hey there" she said. "What's your name?" "I'm FN-3652" the boy said automatically. Abby sighed. Why did she expect them to be given names? "Nice to meet you" she said. "I'm Abby Grace. To be honest I'm new here, I kind of wandered in here by accident." She glanced at the other children, who were still standing at attention. "Oh, at ease" she added. They all relaxed, gathering around her. "Really" one girl said. "How did you get in here then? Everyone knows the children's ward is off-limits to everyone but the high-ranking officers and droids that take care of us." "Droids? They take care of you?" This was getting worse by the minute. "Yeah" said FN-3652. "Don't you know? We get taken from our families, raised by droids, and trained as stormtroopers." Abby pursed her lips. "Come here" she said. The little boy drew closer. "Now, all of you, listen" she ordered. "I'm not here to order you around." "You're not" said one of the oldest, a boy of around ten. "No" she assured them. "I'm here, like I said, because I got lost, but I think it's good that I found this place." "Why?" "You should get some company" she said. "Trust me, I know how it feels to grow up without parents. I was an orphan." "You were?" "Yes, I was" Abby confided. "And look at all of you. Come here, everyone." "You were an orphan" they asked again. "How did you get here?" "That's a long story. I can tell you it, if you want." "Yes, yes" they all chirped, sitting down on the floor around her. To her surprise the youngest, FN-3652, curled up in her lap. But she didn't mind. All of these children reminded her of the campers back home at Camp Olympus. "Okay, let's start at the beginning" she said. "Once there was a little girl who lived in an orphanage. Her best friend was a little boy, about two years older then her." Somehow talking about Ben, it made her memories of him fonder, rubbing away the tainted image of the monster Kylo Ren. "He was training to be a Jedi." "A Jedi? But I thought all of them were dead" a girl said. "Oh no, her friend survived. He's still alive." Abby said this with confidence, but in her head she knew she was trying to convince herself. "Well, anyway, when the girl was twelve she was whisked away on a marvelous adventure. Ancient monsters to fight, new friends to make, glory to be claimed." There was a chorus of ooohhhhhing and aaaaahhhhing from the kids. "She found her mother, but her father wasn't a nice person. He was evil." "What?" The oldest boy sounded shocked. "Don't worry, the girl was good. She helped her brothers and sisters defeat their terrible father. Her Jedi friend helped too. Once her father was gone everything seemed alright." "And they all lived happily ever after" FN-3652 said. Abby shook her head. "Not quite. Her Jedi friend had an enemy. You might have heard of him. Kylo Ren defeated her Jedi friend, along with all the Jedi in the galaxy except for Luke Skywalker and the Jedi's cousin, Rey Skywalker. How do you think the girl felt about that?" "Angry" one said. "Afraid" offered another. "Furious" said a third. "Vengeful" said the oldest. Abby thought for a moment. "Yes, she was angry. She was sad. She missed her friend. You see, they had fallen in love as they grew up. Now he was gone. Or at least, that's what she thought. Turns out Kylo Ren was holding him hostage, locked away from everyone. The Jedi's father tried to save him, but Kylo Ren killed the father." "What?" There was chorus of shocked gasping as the kids tried to wrap their heads around it. "Isn't Kylo Ren" the oldest kid began. "The leader of the First Order?" The door slid open. "Yes he is" Kylo Ren said. "And he wants to know just what you think you're doing." A few of the kids squealed in fear, then they all jumped up and got in line. "Good" Ren said. "And as for you-" He turned to Abby, who had gotten up as well. "You and I are going to have words." "Oh joy" Abby said, and she walked out the door. Ren followed. "What were you thinking" he fumed once they were a few hallways away from the children's ward. "I was thinking that kidnapping and brainwashing little kids is a bit too close to home, don't ya think" Abby muttered, stuffing her hands into her pockets and staring at the ground. "You can think whatever you like about that, it's necessary" Ren objected. "Besides, we take them from poor families, ones that couldn't care for them. It's better for them here." "You call being raised as brainwashed troops, sent out into battle, and dying with no one to bat an eye better then growing up with a family that loves them? Perhaps my first assumption was correct. Now, are we done here?" "I heard that last bit of the story you told them. Funny, the phrasing. What message were you trying to convey?" "I wasn't trying to convey anything. I was just trying to tell them a story. And that is the least creepy story from Greek Mythology" Abby objected. "True" Ren agreed. "True. But those kids aren't supposed to receive affection. They're just stormtroopers." Hearing this, it, for some reason, enraged Abby. "You absolute son of a " she spat angrily. "Pleasant" Ren said. He had hung around with her long enough to decipher Greek curse words. "And here I thought you liked my mother." "That's not what I meant" she snapped. "I meant this is twisted and evil and I have no idea why I'm even here!" "Well, lucky you, we're done here, so come with me." They didn't exchange any conversation all the way back to the Finalizer . Ren was thinking about what he'd seen. No, he wasn't pondering the story. Abby had kept the details to herself, as she well should have. That didn't bother him as much as something else did. She so easily coaxed the kids into relaxation in her presence, so easily allowed them to be at ease and be themselves. Of, he knew, her mother was the Titan of Motherhood, but that wasn't the point. He had only seen that part of Abby a few times. Perhaps, as they both got older, his mind wandered in that direction once or twice, but never for very long. That was a completely foreign concept to Ben Solo, let alone Kylo Ren. But still, it was interesting to see her like that. Her warm, calming smile, her gentle words, they would never make you think she was a warrior. But she was that too. And a friend. And a lover. That made her complicated, but also enjoyable company. She wasn't all about love, nor was she all about friendship. She enjoyed a mix of both, a balance. Balance . Ren remembered the vision he had seen at the hands of Anakin Skywalker. He realized that by redeeming himself Anakin had restored balance to the Force. He also realized how little he really knew. Chapter 29 : Memories Summary: P.S. Another half filler, half plot device part, just so you know. Luke explained everything to Rey. Finally she just couldn't stand being kept in the dark. "Listen" he said. "As you know, you trained at the Old Jedi temple alongside Ben Solo and a few other students before his turn to the Dark. But you were also lead on a few misadventures by Ben and Abby Grace." "I was?" Rey was still combing through her memories of the past, and she hadn't stumbled across one containing Abby Grace yet. "Yes, you were. You three were good friends in fact" Luke confided. "The first time you met Abby was when you were, what, seven? Yes, seven. I would think the memory would be very clear, from what I heard it was quite a misadventure." "Really? I'd love to see it, but I don't know where to find it" Rey sighed. Luke shook his head. "Use the Force. Try to find it. Reach out with your mind through the Force. Close your eyes." Rey did as she was told, and combed more carefully through her mind, checking each memory in turn. And then she found it, and plunged into a flashback. *Flashback* Little Rey scrambled up the hill after a seventeen-year-old Ben Solo. "Wait, wait, where are you going" she called after him. Ben turned, absentmindedly tugging at the new padawan braid in his hair. "Oh, I dunno" he said. "Just going to see a friend." "Can I come?" He shrugged. "Sure, I guess. She probably won't mind." "Who's she " Rey asked. "You'll see." Ben held out his hand to Rey and she took it, before he began leading her through the woods to a clearing where a tall old tree grew. Ben shut his eyes, and Rey sensed him trying to communicate with someone through the Force. Then, all of a sudden, in the shadow of the tree, a girl appeared. Rey squealed and cowered behind Ben's leg, but he only smiled. "It's okay Rey" he said. "Abby won't hurt you." The girl walked forward. "Hi Ben" she said brightly. She looked about fifteen. "Who's this?" "My cousin" Ben informed her. "Rey Skywalker." Abby knelt down in front of Rey. "Hey there" she said soothingly. "Come on out. I'm your friend." Timidly, Rey drew closer. Abby smiled. "How old are you" she asked. "Seven" Rey said. "Seven" Abby said. "That's an important number. Seven and three. Seven Olympian children of Kronos, three Fates." "What" Rey asked, confused. Ben swatted Abby's arm, but there was no real force to it. It was more playful. "Don't freak her out with that crazy stuff" he chided. Abby pouted. "I was going to take you to Camp today." "You were" he asked. "Yeah, and Rey can come too if she wants." Ben tapped Rey's shoulder, and she turned to him. "Do you want to go" he asked. Rey didn't know what this Camp was, but it sounded exciting. "Yes, yes, yes" she said, jumping up and down with excitement. "Okay, okay" Abby said. "Come here." Rey moved closer to Abby, who unexpectedly scooped her up in her arms. Then Abby held out her free hand to Ben. "Ben, hold on tight" she said. "I don't want to accidentally let go and leave you stuck in limbo." "What's happening" Rey asked. "The only way to get to Camp" Abby said. "Don't be scared, this is perfectly safe, I've done it about four billion times." And they disappeared into shadows. For a few seconds Rey was paralyzed with fear. She couldn't even see Abby's face in the dark. But she felt Abby's arm around her, and Rey clung to her shirt with her small hands. She buried her face in Abby's shoulder to rid herself of the feeling like her face was peeling off. But, quick as it had begun, it was over. Warm afternoon sun poured down on Rey's back. A cool breeze ruffled her hair. She looked up, opening her eyes. They were standing in a forest. "Is this Camp" she asked. "Sort of" Abby said. "These are the woods, just west of the Camp. I usually shadow-travel in here, just in case-" Suddenly Abby stopped talking. She turned her head towards the west, squinting her eyes in the glare of the setting sun. A flock of birds rose from the trees, and there was a distant rumbling. Blue light all of a sudden flickered on the horizon. "Oh no" Abby said, putting Rey down. "I have to go check that out. Don't go anywhere, and stay quiet. You're both mortal, hopefully if anything sees you it won't care. Ben, keep an eye out. These woods are anything but safe." She took off towards the commotion in the west. Rey shrunk towards her cousin, wrapping her arms around his leg and glancing around. "Ben, what's happening" Rey asked fearfully. Ben shook his head. "I don't know Rey. But I'm sure Abby can deal with it. If there's anyone I would by my side in a situation like this, it would be her." They waited for a bit, but after about ten minutes Ben got impatient. "C'mon. If it takes Abby more then ten minutes to destroy a monster something has got to be wrong." They began to run, heading for the source of the commotion. Rey heard it first and let go of his hand, running forward faster, loosing him in the thick of the woods. Then she saw the chaos. Giant ants. Massive, armored, ugly ants, swarming around her new friend. Rey made a quiet whimpering sound from fright, and one of them turned to her. She fumbled for her training lightsaber, but it did no good. At the sight of it the ant came forward fast, mandibles clicking and dripping foam. It was a gruesome sight. But just before the thing could snap her head off someone grabbed her from behind and pulled her away from the snapping mandibles. Rey found herself once again in Abby's arms. "I told you" Abby said. "Not to come here. Where's Ben?" The sounds of a lightsaber answered that question. Ben was in the center of the ants, slashing wildly at them. Abby put Rey down, pushing her onto her knees in the underbrush. "Stay here" she said. "Don't make a sound. If we don't come back run to the east, got it? As fast as you can." "Yes" Rey said. Abby got up and ran into the swarm of ants beside Ben. For a few painful minutes Rey say nothing but a swirl of legs and mandibles, with the occasional bronze sword, lightsaber, or a shout from Abby or Ben. Then the ants began to retreat, back into the west. Ben was alone. Abby was gone. Rey heard her shouting, but those shouts got further and further away. Ben ran over to Rey. "Are you okay" he asked. Rey nodded, too scared to speak. "Good." Ben put two fingers in his mouth and whistled. For a few moments nothing happened. Then a shape swept down and landed a few feet away from them. Ben ran to the creature. "Pegasus, we need your help. May we ride you? Abby's in trouble." The horse nickered in assent and Ben climbed on. Rey ran over and Ben lifted her onto the Pegasus's back as well. Then the Lord of Horses took to the skies, following the giant ants. From high above Rey saw Abby screaming and struggling in the center of the swarm of ants. "LET ME GO YOU SMELLY BUGS" she yelled, but all her struggling was too no avail. Even her great strength was no match for the might of the swarm. Ben whispered in Pegasus's ear. "Dive please. I'll get her." The horse obeyed, and dived towards the swarm. Ben reached out, grabbing the back of Abby's jacket and ripping her out of the ants clutches. Her jacket tore, but she clung to his arm and kept herself from falling. Pegasus swerved, turning back towards the east. Ben pulled Abby up onto the horses back. "Are you okay" he asked. "I'm fine" Abby said. "Thanks for saving me, but I never should have dragged you two into a fight with the myrmeke anyway. Good idea, calling Pegasus." Abby turned to Rey. "Are you alright? That scared you, didn't it?" Rey nodded. "Yes Abby. Very much." "I'm sorry Rey" Abby said. "I promise I won't let something like that happen again. I don't know how those ants got through the border anyway. They were trying to take me somewhere, but it was like they knew I was there in the first place. That wasn't good." "Abby, stop" Ben said, turning around as well. "Don't scare her anymore then she already is." He-to Rey's surprise-kissed Abby on the cheek. "I'm just glad we're all safe from those things. What did you say they were?" "Myrmeke" Abby said. "But you're right, at least we're all safe." Rey crawled into Abby's arms. Despite the fact that she had just been in such danger because of Abby she still thought they could be very good friends. *End of Flashback* Everything was so clear and fresh and painful. At the sight of the myrmeke adult Rey was frightened. But the thing that bothered her the most...............Ben and Abby. They were clearly a couple. Maybe that was what made Abby act so upset by Ben's turn to the Dark, maybe that's why Kylo Ren looked at her with such clear love. "Master" she muttered. "What happened to them?" "Snoke" Luke said. "Supreme Leader Snoke, leader of the First Order, seduced Kylo Ren to the Dark side. No one is sure how. But something tells me Snoke is also connected to Abby Grace. Just before he turned I would catch them talking, it was always serious conversation. He was trying to say something about.......what was that name, I can only just remember? Oh yes, Kronos. And he also mentioned Abby's father. It sounded like he was trying to tell her that he was turning to the Dark side. All I know is that Snoke wants Abby Grace, for one reason or another." "Master............I think I've heard of Kronos before" Rey said hesitantly, before sinking into deep thought. "I remember now" she exclaimed, all of a sudden. "Kronos, he sent the ants to capture Abby! I heard her telling her horse friend, Chiron! The Titan Lord! That's who he is!" Luke nodded. "I must meditate on this information" he said. "I think this is critical information, and it will explain a lot. You may go." Rey got up and left, leaving Master Luke sitting alone. Chapter 30 : Me And You Summary: Okay, two things before we begin: Quote of the day: "It's just me and you and you and me and us.........and your friend Steve."-unknown, I think it was on some The Avengers crackvid I watched ages ago, but trust me, this is pretty fitting for this part. Enough fluff! Time to get real! Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) "Okay, so what's up?" Abby strolled into the training room, and walked straight up to Kylo Ren. His eyes swept over her. She was wearing a low-cut top and leggings, then her usual boots. Was she trying to drive him mad with desire? No, stop thinking like that he told himself. You cannot get distracted. He ignited his lightsaber and swung at her. She drew her sword and parried. "What the actual Hades?!" "Training" he said. "Be alert at all times. Ready for any attack." "Okay" she said. She stabbed experimentally at him. He caught her blade on the crossguard of his lightsaber. They began to fight, trike and parry and dance around the other, looking for an opening in the other's defense. He had begun to notice her defense was centered much higher up, probably because of their height difference, but he took full advantage of this. He backed up, tripping her with his long legs. She hit the ground, but immediately scrambled back up again and continued the fight, this time keeping up her defense so he could not trip her again. She was moving so fast it was hard for Ren to keep up, but he did. He knew the fighting style. It was a strange coincidence, but since he had been taught by Kronos he had picked up the fighting style of the Titans, the exact same style that Abby fought with, but she had learned it by simple instinct. Nevertheless, that made his job a lot easier. He had decided to train Abby, and the fact that she already knew how to fight the way he did helped a lot. Abby ducked around behind him, slashing at his back. He turned and caught the blow. Sparks flew from the metal slamming into the energy blade. Ren blinked, and suddenly they were face-to-face. Abby was standing, holding the weapon lock in place, her face lit by the bronze glow of her sword and the red of his lightsaber. He began to get lost in her eyes. After a few moments of silence she grinned. "What did you say about being alert at all times ?" He bit his lip. "I-I, uhhh" he stuttered. She laughed softly. "This is too funny. C'mon." She backed up, raising her sword towards him. When he didn't immediately react she snapped her fingers, and he shook himself out of the little trance. This time she didn't hold back. He was so distracted she beat him to two seconds flat. He found himself on the floor, her sword pointed at his throat. "I win" she said smugly. He propped himself up on his elbows, staring at her. "Yeah, yeah, you win, don't you" he muttered. "Don't get too excited about it." She shrugged and offered a hand to him. He took it, allowing her to pull him up. Once on his feet again there was a few seconds of awkward silence. They both had the same idea, he could tell that. And then his lips smashed into hers, her hands ran through his hair, his arms captured her body and drew her close to him, nearly lifting her off her feet. Sure, they had kissed in those dreams, but that simply wasn't real enough. This was perfect, real, and so intoxicating it almost made Ren lightheaded. The taste of her lips against his was better then it could be in any dream. The kiss seemed to last for ages. Finally he pulled away, but keeping the distance between them as minimal as possible, barely an inch or so. Neither of them heard the door open and another person walk into the room. "Ahem....Am I interrupting something?" Abby's face turned a shade of pink and Ren let her go, turning to see Hux. Why, why, why was it always him? "No" Ren lied. Hux was completely aware of the lie, because he wasn't stupid. But he didn't say anything else about it. "Your presence is required at a meeting Ren, but if you're busy-" "No" Ren snapped. "I'll be there in a minute." Hux nodded coldly and left. Abby glanced sidelong at Ren, smirking ever so slightly. "You've got somewhere to be" she asked quietly. "Yeah, I guess I do" Ren said awkwardly. Abby sighed. "That's a shame." "Why-" She leaned over, taking his face in her hands and pulling him to her lips. After a minute or so she let go. "There" she said. "You can go now." He picked up his lightsaber and rushed out of the room before he attempted to kiss her again and ended up being late. Notes: There's interrupting Hux. Remember the quote I showed you at the beginning? Probably not. Here's a refresher: "It's just me and you and you and me and us.........and your friend Steve." Now look at this picture: file:///C:/Users/Warner%20children/Downloads/Trash%20And%20Star%20Wars/4%20(Fanart).png Guess who Steve is. If you guessed Hux you're right! If you didn't: DUH! I just had to point that out, didn't I? Okay, moving on. But it get's worse then interrupting Hux. You'll see. XOX, AbbyGrace31415 Chapter 31 : The Warring Darkness Summary: Shoutout to katy18871 on wattpad.com for adding this story and Kylo Grace Oneshots to their reading list! Love you katy, thank you so much! Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) A knock at Abby's door brought her out of her thoughts. She glanced up, waiting a moment before rising from her chair and answering the door. It was not Kylo Ren, as she had hoped. It was General Hux. "What do you want" she asked. "Come with me" Hux ordered. She had no choice but to follow. She knew that any sign of her misbehaving or disobeying senior officers like Hux might bring her right back into her father's custody. And that scared her. Too much for it to be a possibility. Sure, hanging out with Ren and Hux meant she had to listen to their constant bickering and Ren's advances on her, but after becoming an Olympian she knew how to handle bickering, and she secretly enjoyed Ren's attempts to flirt with her. They made her laugh, and that was nice in this lightless place. Hux ushered her into another room, but she was too wrapped up in her thoughts to notice that he locked the door behind him. "Okay, second time" she said. "What do you want?" "I see Ren has a little crush on you" Hux said. "Why do you care about that?" Hux said nothing for almost a full minute. "Sit" he finally ordered. Abby had a seat at the only available chair, tucked underneath a small table with a bottle of wine and two glasses sitting on top of it. If she had known a bit more about dates she would have recognized that device, but she had two good reasons not to. A: She and Ben had never really went on dates like that. Misadventures is a much better term. B: Since she was in a relationship with Ben from her teenage years she had never really been advanced on by any other guy. Sure, on Olympus, some of the gods (Apollo, Ares, and Hermes we're looking at you) had tried to flirt with her, but she had turned them down flat, almost as fast as Hera could in the early days of Mount Olympus. Sister thing, she guessed. Either way, Hux sat down across from her and poured wine into the two glasses. He handed one to her. "Aside from that, I was simply wondering, what makes you so important?" He took a sip from his wineglass, and Abby felt obliged to do the same. Of course, on Olympus, they had the finest of wines, but she had never really been a drinker. But this was really good as well. She took another sip. "Well........." she mused. "I suppose Ren and I know each other, and the Supreme Leader knows me as well. I was part of this organization Snoke was trying to defeat, and he doesn't like me- at all . The only way I could have survived encounters like that with him was joining you guys, so I did." Hux leaned forward. "I see why Ren is attracted to you" he said. "Why does it keep coming back to that?" Abby hardly noticed she had drained her glass, nor did she notice as Hux poured another one for her. He shrugged, leaning back in his chair and firing up one of those disgusting cigarettes. The smoke wafted around the room, making Abby lightheaded. "I was wondering about that as well" he said simply. "You see......Ren is an interesting character, and that's putting it mildly." "I know that well enough" Abby said. Another glass of wine appeared in her hand. She felt obliged to drink it. "Then, hmm, how do I put this" Hux pondered aloud. "He's not..........a good choice." "How do you know that? Or better, what makes you think that?" "You haven't seen him on bad days" Hux said. Of course Abby had seen him on bad days. She had seen him after his defeat on the Starkiller, she had seen him when he threw tantrums over that droid, BB-8, escaping the First Order again , she had witnessed the death of Han Solo. But she simply nodded, wondering what Hux was playing at. "He simply isn't right........for you." "For me?" "I can tell you're high-born. It's the way you act. I doubt Ren deserves a person like you." Abby sipped her drink thoughtfully. How many had she actually drunk already? She only supposed about two. In reality Hux had simply been refilling her glass again and again, every time she drained one. He knew she would only agree to another person if she was intoxicated or worse. She hadn't responded to torture at the hands of the Supreme Leader, so he inferred the only way to get to her was to put her mind out of sorts. And she played along, continuing to drink. "Hmmm" she said. Her head was swimming from the smoke and the alcohol. Her vision blurred and her nostrils burned from the smell. "High-born" she repeated. "Yes, obviously. You're very beautiful, you know." By now Abby would have picked up the danger signs, but she was already intoxicated and could barely think straight. "Very.....very beautiful." "Thank you" she said, the only response that came into her mind. Hux smirked wickedly. He put down his cigarette and drink on the table, rising from his seat. Abby followed his example, placing her empty glass down on the table as well. Hux had barely finished his first drink. He beckoned her come closer. Through the haze of smoke Abby's drunken mind had trouble deciphering any rational thoughts. She obeyed, moving until she stood in front of him. Hux took her hand. Something in the back of her mind was finally trying to pick up on what was happening, but it couldn't be helped. The effects of the alcohol she had drunk sent any attempt at rational thinking down the drain. Hux traced his other hand up her arm until it rested on her cheek. "You deserve someone better" he said. "A person like..............me." Abby blinked, and then Hux's lips met hers. Her head spun. She did the only rational thing (or at least, whatever rational thought her drunken mind could come up with). Return the kiss. Hux smirked against her lips. This had worked better then he thought. He put his arms around her, kissing her deeply. To his surprise she made no attempt to protest. He sat back down on his chair, pulling her into his lap. The kiss quickly escalated to a steamy makeout session (one Aphrodite would have no doubt approved of, and that is not a good thing), but Hux didn't mind. In actuality, this was exactly what he wanted. In the midst of their heated kissing neither noticed that someone else was at the door. That is, until Ren finally got impatient and used his lightsaber to cut open the door. Hux, who was facing the door, noticed him first. He pulled away from Abby, inspecting Ren's face. He had seen Ren angry before, that came with the job, but now there was such terrible fury plastered on his face that, for the first time, Hux felt threatened by his anger. "I'm in trouble, aren't I" he said. Abby shook her head, moving away from him until she was back against the wall. Slowly she sat down, putting her head on her knees and staring into space, occasionally giggling from the effects of the alcohol. Ren glanced at her, the wine bottle and glasses, then at Hux. " What " he asked. "Is going on here." Hux got up, facing him. Even if he was afraid he wouldn't give Ren the satisfaction of showing it. "I don't see your problem Ren" he said coolly. "I can infer what happened here" Ren replied. "You tricked her into drinking, didn't you?" "Perhaps. Again, I don't see your problem." "And then you started making out with her. Let me tell you a story Hux. It's about the guy who tired to steal someone else's wife. You know how he was punished? The Olympians made him immortal, tied him to a flaming chariot wheel, and threw him like a discus. He's still up there somewhere, in eternal pain." "Hmmm" Hux said. "What does that have to do with me?" "I don't suppose you've realized it yet, but she is one of the Olympians. I can assure you, when she gets back to Mount Olympus she'll reward those who helped her and punish those who didn't. But why wait until she gets back to Olympus?!" Ren grabbed Hux by the throat. "What is wrong with you" Hux choked. "She's just a girl!" "Just a girl" Ren repeated. "Just a girl. May I also inform you that she is mine ?" "What-wh-what" Hux said, confused. Ren's grip tightened around his throat. "I warned you Hux. You didn't heed my warning. But I suppose it isn't advisable to strangle you. I warn you one final time. Abby Grace is mine. " Then he literally threw Hux into the wall. Hux hit it headfirst, and he passed out. Notes: -Authors Note- I switched it from Poe Dameron flirting with Abby (which was hinted at but never really explored) to Hux flirting with Abby. Why, I hear you ask. Why the actual Hades not? Welcome to my crackship mind, my friends! XOX, AbbyGrace31415 Chapter 32 : Plans Summary: Shoutout to animedragon16 on wattpad.com for adding Reylo Pictures to their reading list! Love you animedragon, thank you so much! I'm just making random filler parts until the final battle, which is gonna be epic. Just sayin. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) "Are you trying to drown yourself in there?" Ren got no response. Of course, Abby was beyond embarrassed, but she'd been in the shower for thirty flipping minutes ! Cliche about girls taking forever to do stuff like that or no, this wasn't like her. "Or are you trying to cause a flood and wipe the human race from the face of the planet" he tried. "Zeus already did that, didn't he?" "Don't make me think about the gods, cause that makes me think about Aphrodite, which makes me think about-You know what? Just don't." He could guess her face was turning multiple shades of red by this point. Then the shower abruptly turned off. He turned and walked away from the bathroom door, sitting down on the edge of his bed. "What are you doing here" she suddenly cried, but she sounded less scared and more curious. There was a mewling, purring sound. Her cat? But he decided not to inquire. After another minute she came out. She was dressed in an overlarge shirt of his and a pair of pants. Her feet were bare and a cat was curling around them. Black, with a white mask of fur on it's face. It caught sight of him and mewled again. He chose to ignore it's presence. "Are you okay" he asked. "You know I don't hold you responsible." "But, b-b-but, I-I, I let him do that-" "He tricked you into drinking so much that you didn't know any better." Her face flushed pink and she fiddled with the hem of her shirt. "Remember" he said. "I told you I had a plan." "You did, didn't you" she said absentmindedly, still picking at her shirt. She couldn't bring herself to look at him. "The plan" he said carefully. "Well, there's this ancient tradition among the Sith Masters-" "You're not a Sith" she said simply. "And I probably know enough about ancient traditions." "Just hear me out" he said, a bit impatiently. "I know I'm not a Sith. You might say this idea is Because Darth Vader. " Abby's lips parted in a small smile. "Well anyway, Vader was a Sith and it is a tradition among the Sith to......kill their former Master once their training is complete." Her lips curled in that way when she didn't know whether to smile or frown, as she quickly picked up on the idea. "You'd kill him?" "Why shouldn't I?" She gave a short laugh. "I must agree with that. Why shouldn't I kill Kronos? There is no good answer for that my friend. Continue." "But I need your help." She laughed again. "Neither of us would have completed half the stuff we did without the others help. Also, duh . Of course I'll help." She agreed so readily it was almost unsettling. And there was the biggest mistake he had ever made. He had failed to realize the difference between mortal relationships and divine ones. Even so it had taken Snoke so long to convince him to kill Han Solo in the first place. His mind had gone straight to the Olympian family. They're always killing each other. If they're such important role models then why do they do that in the first place? Snoke had twisted his way of thinking until he couldn't tell left from right, up from down, right from wrong. Of course, once he really thought about it he could easily tell, but Snoke always made it sound so strange, but at the same time so....acceptable. That's the only way to put it. "Yeah. We can defeat Snoke" he said. At the mention of Snoke every hair on Crystals back stood on end. She made hissing, spitting noises and clawed at the ground. "What's her problem" Ren asked, pointing to the cat. Abby shrugged. "No idea." She knelt down and stroked the cats fur. "Shh, calm down" she soothed. "He's not here. We were just thinking of ways to defeat him." The cat calmed itself, and Abby got back to her feet. "We were just thinking of ways to defeat him" she repeated, shooting a pointed look at Ren. "Yes, yes, defeating Snoke" he said. "That's exactly what we were doing." Notes: -Author- Don't even ask what this is. I have no idea. XOX, AbbyGrace31415 Chapter 33 : Mine Summary: THIS CHAPTER IS VERY NSFW!!!!! YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED AND HIGHLY CAUTIONED!!! To have Abby in his arms again, both of them slowly drifting off to sleepit was perfect. Kylo Ren could not have asked for anything better. He knew Abby was grateful to him for taking her back with him, away from Snoke and those horrid black chains. Back on his own ship, Ren finally felt in control again. He pulled Abby a bit closer to him. He couldnt stand any distance between them, never again would it be one or the other watching from afar. His fingers brushed over her cheek, pulling her face towards his. Abby he breathed, all that needed to be said. She was so beautiful, looking at him with those kind, trusting eyes. Her lips brushed his, tantalizingly close. Then their lips met, soft and gentle at first, slowly becoming rougher and more passionate. His tongue easily slipped into her mouth, tasting every bit of her he could reach. Her fingers ran through his black locks, pulling him closer to her. The kiss was passionate, both of them yearning for the other. She hooked her leg around his waist, gasping into his mouth at her newfound closeness to his very hard cock. Another burst of passion ran through him, blood rushing to his cock, hardening it to the point where it was almost painful. Her lips drifted away from his, her hands running down his body and tugging at the waistband of his pants, wanting them off. He allowed her to do so, exposing his erection. Her golden eyes met his dark ones. They both knew what they wanted. And they wanted it so very badly. Ren reached for her shirt, ripping away the cloth. He kissed her lips once more before beginning to move down, licking and sucking at the skin of her neck, all the way down to her breasts. He brushed his thumb over her perky pink nipples before taking one in his mouth and sucking at it greedily. She gave a small moan. After a minute or so he moved his lips, capturing her other breast in his mouth, making her moan again. Her hands clawed at his shirt, wanting him completely exposed for her. He obliged, pulling off his shirt and throwing it away. He towered over her for a second before lowering himself down her body, moving his head between her legs. He tore her pants off, then her panites. The wetness he found there almost made him lose control. His painfully hard cock ached to be inside of her. He forced himself to wait, kissing her thighs before beginning to lick at her clit. She hissed in reaction, her hand finding a grip on his hair again. His long fingers found her entrance, and he slipped one inside of her. She moaned again, making him feel so amazing. The beginning of an orgasm coiled deep in her belly, wetness pooling between her thighs. He slipped another finger inside of her, moving them in and out of her. Her moans slowly became louder and more drawn out. Finally, just before she reached a climax, he pulled away from her. She made a small, pained noise at the loss of stimulation. Ben. she whimpered. Kylos eyes narrowed as he moved back up her body, pulling her face close to his so their foreheads touched. There is no Ben he said firmly. There is only Kylo Ren. Fear fleetingly crossed her face as he said this. To accentuate the point he moved his lips to the skin of her collarbone, grazing his teeth against her skin. Abbys hands clamped onto his arms, her nails digging into his skin. He bit down on her, ever so lightly, his tongue soothing the marks made by his teeth. Is this going to be our fate he muttered, his lips hovering over her ear. To cause each other endless pain, scar each other, destroy each other even as we build up? Abbys eyes slammed shut, her entire body shaking beneath him and slick with sweat. No she muttered. But that wont stop me from fighting. Well see about that he said sharply, and he flipped her onto all fours. His hand caught a fistful of her long hair, pulling her head back towards him. He rubbed his cock along her entrance, using his entire length, so she knew what was about to enter her. He kissed the back of her neck, leaning over her. You want me he muttered to her. You know that, dont you? She closed her eyes, trying to think straight past the feeling of his cock rubbing across her entrance. I want you she said finally. A small smirk crossed his lips. As you wish he said. Dearest. Abby cried out and he groaned as he impaled himself into her. He began to thrust into her, slow at first, becoming faster as he went on. He listened to her moans, deep pleasure growing within him. She could barely think straight. She had never been filled like this before. His massive size was finding areas her fingers never could. He sensed her thoughts. Never again he promised. You wont need your fingers for this again. Unless, of course, you want to put on a show for me. Abby whimpered at the thought of her touching herself while Kylo watched. You bastard she growled. Bastard. She began moving her hips to meet Rens powerful thrusts. They fell into a rhythm, lost in the fog of their own pleasure. Abby. he breathed. Her name was made to be moaned. The final syllable would roll off his tongue with the perfect little hiss, making it sound so beautiful. Kylo Abby cried, as his cock only grew harder inside of her. She was close. Too close. Wait for me Ren ordered. Wait for me. He continued to thrust, enjoying the feeling as her walls clenched around him. He kissed the back of her neck, coaxing another moan out of her. She cried out. Now, now he said. I didnt say you could cum yet. His lips crashed into hers, his tongue slipping into her mouth. Their tongues intertwined, lips crashing into each others, bodies pressed together and tangled in sheets, his cock buried within her. Did he want it to be this way? Of course he did. He continued to thrust, pressing harder into her with each movement. Abby moaned into his lips, clenching harder around him. Kylo she moaned. Kylo! She cried out as the orgasm tore through her body, waves of pleasure crashing down on her. Her walls grew tighter, spasming and stimulating every inch of his member. Ren was so hard Abby couldnt believe he did not cum yet, but he was not far behind her. Thick streams of hot, sticky cum rolled from his balls, through his shaft, and shot from the tip deep inside her. She orgasmed again at the mere thought of his cum coating her walls. Ren groaned with every twitch of his cock. After a minute he reached down and grasped his cock, pulling himself out of her. He caught the sheet of his bed, pulling it over them and lying down next to her, planting a kiss on her cheek. Youre mine he said. I love you Kylo Ren she answered. Chapter 34 : Iris-Messages Summary: Half-filler, half-plot-device, just saying! Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Let's add to the list of things the Resistance personnel did not expect to happen during a tactical meeting: A magical rainbow message appearing and some lady beginning to talk to General Leia. But that's exactly what happened. Just before the general could begin speaking a rainbow flashed into existence above the table. She glanced up at it with a strange expression on her face, not confusion or shock, just curiosity and a sliver of hope. Rey and Luke were regarding it with the same expression. A monotone female voice said "You have a collect call from Hesita." "Hestia" Leia said. "Who-" The image flickered and a curly haired woman appeared in the frame. "Hello" she said. "My apologies for interrupting, but this is very important. And before we begin, please don't mention this to any of the other Olympians. I'm not supposed to be doing this but I just had to check on her." "Check on who-Ooooh" Leia said, suddenly understanding. She swallowed hard. "Abby Grace is not here." Hesita lowered her head. "What happened to her? Where is she?" "Captured. By the First Order. We've tried to look for her but she has disappeared from the prisoner databases. We have no idea where she's gone." Hesita shook her head. "Abby is still alive. We know that much. She is too valuable to kill off, especially to the First Order. I have a suggestion. Try to contact her." "Contact her? How" Rey asked. Something small and shiny dropped to the table in front of General Leia. "I've asked Iris" Hesita continued. "To give you mortals one message. If you ask for Abby Grace she will appear, wherever she is. Trust me, it's hard to get Iris to do this. Especially for mortals, but since I'm an Olympian she listened to me. Now listen, one final thing. I'm not sure if you're aware of this but Supreme Leader Snoke." "What about him" Luke asked. "He's planning something big and dangerous against you guys." "Battle? Raid" Finn offered. Hesita turned to him. "I believe the word you're searching for is apocalypse. He won't be sending TIE fighters and stormtroopers this time. He'll be sending monsters. And when he does you must have Abby Grace on your side. She is the only person in the galaxy who has an effective weapon against those monsters." "Her sword" Leia said. "I know one more person who has a sword made of celestial bronze." Luke placed a hand on Leia's arm. "Leia, don't get your hopes up" he said. "He probably scrapped it ages ago, or Snoke confiscated it. He obviously knows how dangerous those things are." Rey's eyes widened. "He did , didn't he? And Abby gave it to him!" "Who are we even talking about" Finn asked. "Enough" Leia said. "Thank you for the warning Hestia." "You're welcome General. Two more things. When you try to contact Abby Grace all you have to do is throw that coin into a rainbow and say Oh Iris, goddess of the rainbow, show me Abby Grace. Iris'll do the rest. And the other thing. Snoke isn't who you think he is. He's the Titan Lord Kronos. You guys are in much more danger then you know." Hestia stopped talking and glanced over her shoulder. "I have to go. Good luck mortals!" The Iris-message faded. Abby was sitting, curled up in a chair in Kylo Ren's room. She was just sitting there. Ren was at one of those stupid meetings where she wasn't allowed, so she had headed back to his room. Then, while she sat there, an............ Iris-message appeared? "You have a collect call from General Leia Organa. Please deposit one drachma." She jumped up, fishing in her pockets. She had made a point to always have a spare drachma on her, and there it was in her left pocket. She dug it out and tossed it through the rainbow. "Thank you" Iris's voice answered, and the image rippled to show General Leia, Master Luke, and Rey waiting anxiously. "How did you set this up" Abby whispered. "Where did you get the drachma? How did you know the incantation? Where did you get my location? Why did Iris give you guys service in the first place?" "I have an answer for every single one of those questions, but first" Leia said. "Tell me where you are." "Yeah, about that........" Abby glanced around at Kylo Ren's room. "Here, I'm on the Finalizer ." "Why aren't you in a prison" Rey asked. Abby bit her lip. "You see........." she began. "Welllll, that's kind of a funny story." "Is there something wrong" Luke asked. "Okay, so, let me cut it short as possible. Kylo Ren. Dark side. Trick everybody into thinking I'm on the Dark side until I can either get out of here or destroy Snoke. Got it?" "What's Kylo Ren got to do with it" Leia asked, interested at the mention of her son. "That's another funny story" Abby said, giving a short, humorless laugh. "There's a lot of parts to tell, like how I got tricked into drinking or tried to drown myself in the shower, but those aren't important parts. The important part is remember how I said I was tricking everybody into thinking I was on the Dark side? I'm not sure, but I'm pretty sure Ren made a deal with Snoke. Snoke............" Abby's voice suddenly trailed off and she shivered. "Ummmmmm............Abby" Rey said. "Hmmmmm" Abby said, jerking her head back towards the Iris-message. "What were we talking about? Snakes? Titans? Oh yeah, Snoke. Where was I, oh yes. Ren made a deal with Snoke, and that deal isn't exactly harming to anyone or anything.........exxxcept me. I'm just on the bad end of all luck, aren't I? Oh well, I shouldn't be talking about self-pity, I should be talking about this deal. Not sure what this deal is exactly, but if it ends up working and I don't get back to you guys before it gets put into action.....I'm pretty sure it will be an apocalypse." "So my son" Leia said. "Made a deal with Snoke. At your expense." Abby's face flushed, because in reality she knew perfectly well what the deal was, she just wasn't telling anybody. "Not just me" she said. "But the whole galaxy. I'm just saying the result could be..........destructive." "You must get out of there" Rey said. "We need your help. Snoke-no, Kronos-is going to unleash his monsters on this base and we have to have your help!" The image began to fuzz. Rey flickered in and out, and Abby just caught her saying "Meet us at the Old Jedi temple tomorrow!" "I'll be there" Abby said, before the image faded back to a rainbow and Iris said, "Please deposit one drachma for another five minutes." Abby didn't have any more drachmas, so she just slashed her hand through the rainbow and sat back in her chair. She knew what the deal was. On the condition Ren turned Abby to the Dark side he could do pretty much whatever he wanted with her. Snoke was in fact counting on this, as ever since Abby and Ben had been in a relationship, he had been watching and waiting, because he knew one thing was inevitable. If they ever had children, those children would be the most powerful demigods ever . He wanted to take advantage of that. Even if Abby didn't turn to the Dark he would probably still force her to bear Ren's children, simply for that purpose. But Abby was aware of that plan. Ren wasn't aware of the last part of it, how even if she didn't give in to the Dark Snoke would still go to any lengths to put that plan into action, but he did know the first part. How his and Abby's children would be the most powerful people in the galaxy. Abby pulled her legs up to her chest, wrapping her arms around them and putting her chin on her knees. She didn't want that. She didn't want her children, if she ever had any, to grow up to be agents of evil, pawns of Snoke, turn into whatever had consumed Ben Solo. She shut her eyes. Abby didn't know whether a minute or an hour passed, but she heard the door open and close sometime later in the midst of those thoughts. She heard a hiss as Ren took off his mask, then heard him place it down on his dresser and walk over to her. "What are you thinking about" he asked. "You look upset." Abby's eyes opened and she glared up at him. "I'm mad about the deal you made with Snoke over me" she snapped, for some reason angry at him. "I....." Ren looked away from her. "..............It was for your own good" he finally snapped. "You realize if it wasn't for that Snoke would have killed you already! The only two things that kept you alive so far are your power and that deal, so you should be thanking me!" What he said next was so cold Abby was shocked. "Or are you above saying Thank-You to mortals?!" Abby got to her feet. "Where in the galaxy did you get that idea? If you want me to say thank you, fine. Thank you for making a deal with Kronos that forces me to bear children and then hand them over to him so he can turn them into brainwashed agents of evil! Thanks for that." She turned away from him, not even wanting to look at him any more. There was a minute or two of silence. "We'd still see them." Abby didn't look at him. "What do you mean?" "It's not like we'd never see them" Ren continued. "And Snoke might even let me teach them, at least some of it. They'd have to be here sometime, learn their way around the First Order." "Are you trying to make me feel better about this" Abby asked quietly. Ren reached out, tracing his hand down her arm and taking hers. "Sort of" he said awkwardly. "I never said I liked that idea either, but do you really think any option with Snoke is good?" Abby turned to him. "Well, would you look at that" she said. "What?" "You're right about Snoke, for once." He opened his mouth to protest, put Abby put a finger to his lips. Maybe Hux had been right. He wasn't the very best choice. But he was trying. He wanted to be good enough for her. That was enough for now. She cupped her hand over his cheek, pulling his face close to hers so their foreheads touched. "To be honest I don't know much about any of this" she admitted. "But I know that we're better together then we are apart. We'll help each other, right?" "Right" he muttered. Abby pulled him to her lips. The kiss started as slow, loving, but became more intimate. More hot. They made love. Notes: -Author- I know in the last part they made love as well, this is for my readers on wattpad.com who dont get the smut scenes because my mom is on there. XOX, AbbyGrace31415 Chapter 35 : Home Summary: More filler! Lying there with Kylo, Abby wished she could just press a pause button on the rest of their lives, all the things that haunted them. Make everything go away so that they were the only two beings in the galaxy. Her head rested on his chest and she could feel his heartbeat. With his arms wrapped around her she felt his warmth. She was comfortable. Then another feeling began seeping into her chest, one she had never imagined. Like she was home . Wait, what? Home , in the arms of Kylo Ren? No way. That couldn't be the way she felt. She was lying anyway. She did love him, but she couldn't live like that. She couldn't bear children, only to have them stolen away by Snoke. She had never felt like that before. Like she belonged somewhere. But she was warm and comfortable and whole and happy and so madly in love................. "What are you thinking about?" She looked up at him. In her deep thought she had not noticed him wake, and he had not moved for fear of disturbing her. And, with the force of a truck, another thought struck her. "Oh no.............." she whispered. "What's wrong dearest?" She secretly loved it when he called her that. Not a silly pet name like princess. Just dearest. Because he knew she didn't want to be a princess. She wanted to be his. And she was. But her thoughts were elsewhere. "We shouldn't have done that" she said. "And why not" he said, stroking her hair. "What if I'm knocked up?" He froze for a fraction of a second, before speaking. "That would be okay" he said. "I wouldn't let Snoke take our baby away." Abby still wasn't convinced. She tried to sit up. "I want to go check-" Ren pushed her back down. " Calm down. Like I said, it's okay. Look at me." She obliged, meeting his dark eyes. He kissed her forehead. "You don't need to worry yourself over what-ifs. It's, like, six a.m. Just lie with me for a few more minutes." Abby swallowed. "Alright." She lay back down. They lay in silence for some time, enjoying each others presence. Ren's thoughts wandered. What would he do if Abby was knocked up? He had told her not to worry herself with what-ifs, but he couldn't help wondering a little bit. He couldn't just completely defy the Supreme Leader not allow Snoke to take his baby away. And there it was again. If he ever had one. Perhaps they could manage to destroy Snoke before any of that. He put those thoughts to rest, and for a few minutes they lay in silence, completely at ease. He ran his fingers through her hair. Everything seemed so quiet, so simple. He held the love of his life in his arms, and she was there to stay. No more was she appearing and disappearing at random, no more was she afraid to show herself because of Kronos's presence. After a few minutes Abby tried to get up. "Five more minutes" Ren mumbled, eyes closed. She laughed softly. "I've got somewhere to be." She got up and walked to the bathroom to get dressed. Ren got up as well, and in a few minutes they were both dressed. "Where are you going" he asked. Abby shrugged, absentmindedly tugging at the loose braid she had put her hair in. Ren suddenly realized he had shared that habit with her when he wore his hair in a padawan braid. "Just stuff" she said. Ren realized that something wasn't right. "Can I come with you?" She looked at him. "Fine. But do me a favor. Do exactly as I say. Trust me, this is important." He looked at her. She stared right back at him, daring him to say no. He didn't. Instead he pulled his mask over his head. "Alright. Let's go." Chapter 36 : Darkness And Light-Part 1 Summary: This is the beginning of the final battle. Who's pumped, cause this is gonna get exciting! Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Finn heard the voices first. After seeing a First Order shuttle land a few miles away the four Resistance members waited outside their own ship for Abby. Then, from behind them in the woods they heard two voices. Or, Finn heard them and alerted the others. The voices were muffled by the trees and for a few minutes no one recognized them. "Okay, remember the plan. If we fight you have to do it" said a voice. "But I don't want to hurt you" said the other, almost a whine. "You mean too much to me for you to get hurt like that." "I can survive that" the other assured him. "If anything happens you tell everybody it was my idea." "Is that supposed to make me feel better? This plan is even crazier then our plan to defeat Snoke!" "That, sure is saying something" the first voice muttered. The first voice was female, and the second was male. Suddenly it hit Finn with the force of a truck. "The second voice" he whispered to the others. "That's Kylo Ren. I can tell." Luke nodded. "And the first" he added. "Is Abby Grace." Abby cut them off by speaking again. "You wait here. I'll do what needs done and come back. If I don't get back......" "Freak out" Kylo offered. "Shut up" Abby said. "I was joking" he protested. "Work on your sense of humor." "Now I can't tell if you're joking" Ren said. They could all imagine Abby rolling her eyes at this. "Bye" he added. "I'll be right back" Abby promised, and then Rey heard her walking towards them. She walked out from the cover of the trees. No one said anything about the conversation they had just overheard. Leia smiled. "Glad to see you could make it." Abby nodded. "It was a piece of cake. What do you guys want to talk to me about?" "Monster army" Rey said. "Advancing on the base. Can you help?" Abby bit her lip. "Dang it" she said. "If I was still a goddess I could enlist the help of the camp, but without an drachmas I can't contact them. I guess I could come with you guys now, but that'll get more then one person in trouble, and that list does include me so, yeah." Finn looked a bit crestfallen. "S'all right" Abby assured him. "I could, of course, lend you guys my sword, but there's only one of them, and there is only one other person in this galaxy who knows how to use them. They're hard to handle, especially when you guys have all handled nothing but lightsabers and blasters. No, that would be a disaster." She tapped her cheek, as if trying to come up with something. ".......Greek fire, no, too destructive.........hellhounds, no, I control the only friendly ones..........dang it! The only way is if I come with you guys, isn't it?" Luke nodded, sighing. "I suppose it is." Abby looked back at the woods. "I wonder if he wasn't joking" she muttered under her breath. "Who" Leia asked, although they all knew. "Nothing" Abby said quickly. Rey shook her head. "You were talking with someone in the woods. We have a guess on who it was, but would like to hear it from you." Abby sighed. "Are you kidding me" she asked no one in particular. "I can't get away with one little conversation in public without being overheard? Lucky we were talking about that , and not other things......." "What is going on between you two" Leia demanded. "First it was the fighting dreams, then the kidnapping, and now it's the secret dealings with Snoke? What does Snoke have to do with any of it in the first place?" Abby put a hand to her forehead in a facepalm kind of way. "You're all aware Snoke is the Titan Lord Kronos, and Kronos is the father of the gods. Everyone from Greek mythology is related somehow, and we don't stand by it much. Except for Snoke, who thinks he can act like a father after all of that..........My gods, what an idiot." "All of what?" "I'm not telling the story now, I don't want to give you guys nightmares. And there's a general rule against telling it before lunch either, because it will make you hurl . Aside from that, you wanted to know about the secret dealings with him? Before that let me just make a completely unrelated comment: When I say things in Greek it either means I'm talking to another person who can speak Greek or want to say something embarrassing that I just had to get off my chest, but I don't want anyone else to know what I said." "You were right, that is completely unrelated" Luke commented. "Yeah, so you wanted to know about the deal with Snoke? Snoke        Kylo               . That's what." For a second no one said anything. Then Abby added "Aaaaaaand it feels awkward saying it even when no one else speaks the language you said it in." Her face turned pink. "Moving on, about that monster army. I think-" "Wait" Rey said. "Kylo Ren is here, isn't he? Right in the woods, where you left him?" Abby raised an eyebrow at her. "Do you really want to see him that bad?" She laughed again, that humorless one she gave when something was so not funny. Leia looked at Abby. "If he'll listen to you tell him to come here." Abby shrugged. "I can already see this ending badly, but okay." Hey, Kylo , she called through their bond. Yeah? Can you do me a favor? Of course! Then can you ditch the mask and come to where I was going, right on the edge of the woods? 'Round the ruins. Sure, I guess. They all waited for a moment until he burst out of the woods, unmasked. When he saw who she was with his face turned red. "What is this" he said. "A trap?" He rounded on Abby. "I told you" Abby said. "Remember the plan? This is why. They needed my help." "Whose side are you on" he fumed. " My side" she yelled back. "I'm trying to get the people I care about out of this in one piece, you generously included in that group! But, if you hadn't done all this stupid stuff none of this would have happened, and we wouldn't have to worry about that kind of thing more then any other normal couple!!!!" She stepped up to him. Their height difference was only an inch or so, but he seemed slightly intimidated all the same. "Your side" he repeated. "The side that I think will do enough good" she said. "I'm trying to save them from getting massacred and eaten by monsters, so if you'll excuse me-" She turned back to the others. "What are you two talking about" Leia asked. Abby shook her head. "It's not a possibility for right now. Definitely not." "But what if-" Kylo began, but Abby cut him off again. "What did you tell me about what-ifs this morning" she snapped. "You can worry all you want, since this is your fault, but keep it to yourself." "Oh, so we're gonna play the blame game now" he said. "If you had been more careful and payed attention to my warning about the trap-" "If you say Kronos wouldn't have risen I will slap someone, probably you, so don't" Abby warned. Ren shut up, probably a wise move, then a thought struck Rey. "You know what" she announced. "This can be ended right here, right now. Abby-" "What do you mean, it can be ended " Abby asked. "I order you to fight him." "What" Leia cried. "What" Luke said. "What" Finn said. "What" Kylo said. "WHAT" Abby shrieked. "I order you, Abby Grace, to fight Kylo Ren" Rey repeated calmly. Abby's hand drifted towards her pocket, but she stopped it, her hands shaking. She turned back to Kylo. "You know what to do" she said. He shook his head. "I can't control that. If I miss it'll kill you." "Just do it" Abby said, and brought out her sword. Ren went for his lightsaber, igniting the crackling crimson blade. Leia and Luke rounded on Rey. "What were you thinking" Leia said. "We could have just done some peaceful negotiating-" "Uh, guys" Finn said, still watching them. "I think we should watch. And back up. Like, now ." They all moved towards the cover of the Resistance ship they had landed on. Abby and Kylo had put some distance between each other, about ten to twelve feet. Abby glanced behind her at the four Resistance members, then nodded grimly at Kylo. He raised his fingertips, pointing towards an area just above her head, and shut his eyes. For a few seconds nothing happened. And then.... KA-BLAM! Lighting shot from his fingertips and Abby ducked, closing her hands over her head to protect herself from the sparks. "They taught him to use Force lightning" Luke cried, appalled. Abby laughed aloud, more of a surprised tone to the laughter then actually thinking the situation was funny. In reality this was her signal that it had worked and he could continue doing it. They had comprised a number of battle strategies and signals to use against Kronos, but since they ( obviously ) couldn't practice them on Snoke himself they had used them on each other as they sparred, and had planned to use them if they were ever forced into real combat with each other. So, technically, the whole fight was already staged. Abby deflected some of the lighting back at Kylo. He dodged and raised his blade, stalking towards her. Then the real fight began. Luke watched for a few minutes. "They're just sparring" he said after about five minutes of nonstop fighting had passed. Finn glanced back at him, his mouth hanging open with shock. " Just sparring" he said. " Look at that for a minute, will you?" The two combatants were moving so fast it was hard to register their movements strike, parry, possibly retreat for a breath, and then come back again, just as fast. Rinse and repeat. Sparks flew from the clashing of their weapons onto the ground and into the morning air. It was still early in the morning, only around eight a.m. Luke shook his head. "I remember watching them spar at the Jedi temple. I'm glad you never saw it Leia, you would have had a heart attack. It was always this real." Leia turned to him. "Really?" She sounded more shocked then angry. "And you never intervened?" "Of course , the first few times I saw it" he said. "I thought they were going to hurt each other, but they always went Oh no Master Luke, we're just sparring. And then they would go back at it." Leia nodded and returned her attention to the fight before them. "So it's all staged" Rey said. "Even the Force lightning?" "You heard him" Leia said. "He was hesitant to use it on her." "Leia" Luke said. "Don't get your hopes up. Those two seem to have come to a mutual agreement, but we have no way of knowing how he feels towards the rest of us. That might have not changed. You saw his face when he saw she was meeting with us. He looked betrayed. Like we are the enemies." Leia sighed. "Master" Rey said. "Don't be so harsh." Luke returned his attention to the fight. "Don't think I don't miss Ben as well" he sighed. "We all do." Rey nodded in agreement. Her memory had greatly improved over the time she had spent training with Master Luke. She remembered almost everything. Her previous training, Ben and Abby, Master Luke, and her mother. Her mother had been Luke's wife, a kind woman. She had loved Rey and Luke, and she had known Ben as well. But she died during the attack on the Jedi temple. Everyone had been hesitant to come back here, but it was the first place that came to Rey's mind during the Iris-message, when the connection had begun to break and she realized she had to tell Abby to meet them somewhere. And now here they were, watching Abby fight Kylo Ren. Finn was the only one not off in memoryland, therefore the only one not distracted. He saw what no one else did. Another First Order shuttle descending over the ruins. "Rey, Master, General" he said. "Look. They brought company." "What" Rey said. "They set us up. They set us up ! ABBY!!" Abby scrambled away from Kylo, distracted by Rey's calling out to her. "What" she said exasperatedly. "Isn't this what you want me to do?" "You set us up" Rey yelled, marching across the grass towards her sidekick goddess. "Look!" "Set who up, I didn't set anybody up" Abby protested, then she looked up. "I didn't tell them to follow us. What about you" she asked, turning to Kylo. He shrugged, then his face fell. "DAMN YOU HUX" he howled. "Whoa, whoa, what's up" Abby said. Ren took a deep breath before explaining. "Snoke tracks me, don't know exactly how, but both he and Hux have one of the receivers that connect to the tracker. Hux must have told on us, slipping away without saying why in the early morning. He's had it in for me ever since that incident with the drinking and the throwing him into a wall." Abby nodded. "So, we didn't set you up" she said. "Hux is being a little , as usual." Rey nodded slowly. "Alright, so, assuming I believe that what do we do?" "Depends who's on that transport" Abby said. Ren turned towards the transport which had landed about a hundred feet from where they were standing. "Ummmmm, Abby" he said. "Can't you sense it?" "What?" Abby's back was turned to the transport, and while she was still looking in the other direction the ramp of the transport lowered and someone walked off. A seven-foot-tall someone in long black robes. Abby turned around slowly. "Oooooooh my gods" she said, staring with a mixture of terror and horror at the Supreme Leader. He walked through the ruins towards them. "Well" he said, giving a sinister laugh. "What do we have here?" Notes: -Author- Until next time dear readers........ Muhahahahahahaha! XOX, AbbyGrace31415 Chapter 37 : Darkness And Light-Part 2 Summary: This part is long overdue, I'm so sorry internet, I went to sleepaway camp and there was a ban on electronics there. But here it is, hope you enjoy! P.S. The part Mine is about two weeks prior to this part. Kind of important info for some of this to make sense. "Aaaaaaaaand I'm out" Abby muttered under her breath, backing away from Snoke as quickly as she could without looking like a coward. Only two other people in the galaxy knew how scared of Kronos she was. Kylo Ren and Snoke himself. He smirked at her as she backed away. "What's wrong goddess " he taunted. "Loosing your nerve?" Abby steeled herself enough to stand in one spot without her knees knocking. "Don't taunt me Kronos" she said, rather calmly for the amount of fear that was running through her. Ren's eyes darted between the two divine beings, as if he couldn't decide which of them he was going to side with. Kronos didn't even glance at him. "There can be no witnesses to this" he said. His snapped his fingers and three hellhounds appeared out of thin air. They immediately zeroed in on the Resistance members, baying for blood. Abby cried out and darted towards them, moving between the dogs and her friends. When they tried to come close she cut them down. Snoke smirked at her. "Oh, I wasn't going to kill you just yet. You and Ren still serve a purpose, just in case this first attempt goes wrong." "What do you mean, this first attempt " Abby snapped, desperately trying not to betray her fear. When Kronos said nothing she raised her sword, jumping at him and bringing the weapon down. He caught it with the blade of his scythe, which appeared out of thin air, and slammed her entire body onto the ground from her own momentum, headfirst. For one terrifying moment she did not get up, before she scrambled to her feet again, rubbing the side of her head. "Did I ask" she said. "For a head injury." She drew her fingers away from the side of her head, where there was a gash. They were glistening with a sticky red substance. "And that's blood" she sighed. "This is not looking good. I thought you wanted me in one piece!" "A concussion will not disable the part of you that is valuable to the First Order" Snoke said simply. "Well thanks for that" Abby said sourly, and she ran into the ruins. Snoke followed her, even his great height still at least ten feet beneath the crumbling entry halls ceiling. "Come out, come out, wherever you are" he grumbled, searching the dark ruins. Abby was in the corner of the hall, behind a pillar. She closed her eyes, gulping in air and charging her aura enough for one piece of tricky magic. She turned around and made a throwing motion. A clear ball of power sailed through the air and hit the floor behind Snoke. For a second there was silence and then there was a massive boom as the building rattled. Bricks were torn from the walls and all pulled into the center of the maelstrom, then it exploded outward. Kronos was pelted from behind by numerous bricks, vines, and rocks. "GRACE" he roared, but then the support pillar Abby was hiding behind fell. The ceiling began to crumble and Abby ran, darting out the door as the building imploded. For a second the air was filled with the sound of falling stone and Kronos's roars, then it all stopped and there was silence. "There's no way-" Ren said, and then Kronos burst out of the rubble with a mighty roar. "What are we fighting" Abby sighed. "King Kong?" She ran back into the fight, despite the fear that nearly turned her limbs to jelly. She swung at his shoulder and her blade indeed connected. A strike like that should have nearly chopped his head off. Instead her blade bounced off and she stumbled back, the joint of her shoulder twisting in an odd direction. "Oh you've gotta be kidding me" she complained, blocking a strike from Kronos with her left. She was no way as powerful with her left arm, but her right was shoulder was either dislocated or broken. She hoped it was the first option, but her arm was rendered nearly unusable. Snoke glared down at her. "Stubborn, as always" he said. "You could avoid this!" "And let you massacre my friends? I don't think so" Abby said. She lept into combat again, but her and all the power in her body were barely equal to a gnat against the might of the Titan Lord. He slashed her up pretty bad, until she was pale from lack of blood. Then she managed to land a hit at him, stabbing her blade into the Titan lords shoulder. He yelled in pain, grabbing the blade a tearing it out of his flesh. Inchor spilled out of the wound, then it closed. He dropped her sword onto the ground, kicking it out her reach. Then he slammed the end of his scythe into the ground, and a shockwave blasted her off her feet and into the few remaining walls of the old Jedi temple. Then those crumbled as well, leaving her lying in the ruins. This time she did not get up. Snoke turned to Ren. "When she wakes up she will find herself back in that room on my base, alongside you" Snoke promised him. Ren looked towards the spot where Abby had disappeared among the rubble. Snoke marched towards her. Ren had no idea what he was going to do, but he decided he was going to stop it. He stepped in between Snoke and Abby, his lightsaber drawn. "Get out of the way Ren" Snoke said irritably. "I thought we had a deal." "I happened to become aware of the specifics of that deal" Ren said. "I made no binding oath to it. I can back out whenever I want." Snoke glared at him. "Ren" he growled. "Forget the deal, I'm taking her back to my base. She it too dangerous to be kept alive. I am starting to think you are the same." He continued walking, moving towards Abby. Ren leveled his lightsaber at him. "Don't take one more step" he said calmly. Snoke obeyed-to Ren's surprise-but he looked like he was seething with anger. "I'm warning you Ren" he muttered. "Get out of my way." Kronos hefted the scythe in his hands, pressing the tip of the blade against Ren's chest and pushing him out of the way. This just made Ren mad. Snoke tossed him away the minute he got the mere idea of something better. "Leave her alone Snoke" he said, and moved back in between Abby and the Supreme Leader. Snoke raised his scythe. "This is your last chance Ren" he said. "Get out of my way or I will destroy you." "No" Ren corrected, raising his blade. "This is your last chance." "Mine?" Ren took Snoke's confusion as an advantage and lashed out, striking at the Titan lord. Snoke struck back, and they began to duel. But it was an impossible match. Even Kylo Ren, Master of the Knights of Ren, leader of the First Order, could only hold his own so long against an ancient Titan lord like Kronos. Snoke struck him again and again. Every time he managed to deal a blow to Kronos the wound almost immediately healed. Without Abby's help Ren was almost assuredly doomed to failure in this fight. Through the blackness of Abby's subconscious a horrifying scene found its way into her minds eye. She saw Kronos, standing over Kylo Ren, his scythe pointed at Ren's chest. Kylo's lightsaber was lying behind the Titan lord. Her eyes opened, revealing what was actually taking place. Ren and Kronos were fighting, but it was obvious Ren was going to lose. His and Abby's bond was wide open, and she felt his pain as well as her own. Her entire body ached. She slowly rose from the rubble. All of a sudden a sharp pain spiked through her lower abdomen. She fell to her hands and knees, breathing heavily, trying to control her racing heartbeat. What was that? Once her head cleared she realized she was in no condition to fight. Her sword was buried in the rubble. Her body ached with exhaustion and pain. Her skin was pale and streaked with blood, dust, and sweat. Her hair was plastered to her face and neck. Her robes were torn and covered with dust. The clothes that she had been provided with on the Finalizer gave her a sneaking suspicion Kronos was playing a practical joke on her, because they were strikingly similar to the clothing of the Ancient Greeks. She had been given a chiton -like dress, made of black material (linen, she thought) and cinched at the waist with a strap of leather. Over it she wore a cloak (black in color, big surprise) similar to a himation. She was surprised that, with everything going on, she was thinking of what clothing she wore at the moment. She shook her head, clearing it again. Ren was still holding his own against the Titan lord, but through her bond she could tell he couldn't do it much longer. Snoke was more powerful then him by tenfold. Abby folded her hands, her very last, final resort in times of great need. She prayed for her siblings help. Leia saw that Abby was alive, but what was she doing? Sitting on the ground, hands folded, muttering to herself. Suddenly thunder cracked, and clouds churned in the sky. Abby's eyes flew open, her face alight with.......not happiness. A bit of gratitude, then rock-solid determination. The clouds churned in a maelstrom, and then something dropped out of the sky and landed in front of her. She got to her feet, picking it up. It extended into a...........lightning bolt? But this got the Supreme Leader's attention. He ended his fight with Kylo Ren by kicking the man aside as easily as if he were an animal. Leia gasped, as did Rey. "Master" Rey asked Luke. "What is going on?" "I don't know" Luke said. "I simply don't know." "Luke, we have to do something" Leia said. "Snoke is going to kill them both!" "No" Luke said quickly. "Isn't it obvious? He wants something from them, and he needs both of them to get that. I'm starting to figure what, and I don't like it." Snoke marched towards Abby who was standing in the rubble, Master Bolt in her hand. Her hand was shaking as she clung to the weapon, her last resort. "So" Snoke said. "You have lowered yourself to the level that you pray to the gods for help. HA! They won't save you. If you use that weapon, you will destroy something, something that I doubt any of us wants destroyed." Abby's eyes suddenly lit up with something terrible. Anger, fury, and a passion for vengeance. "You have torn me down too many times" she said, her voice laced with venom and trembling with fury. "You have destroyed everything I thought I knew, took my friends and family away, either killed them or turned them against me. I will use this Bolt on you, just as my brother Zeus did in Ancient times. You will return to Tartarus, as that is the only place filthy enough for the likes of you!" The Bolt heated in her hand, charging up for a blast. Rey, Finn, Luke, and Leia all realized that thing was like a nuclear bomb and ducked behind their ship, as no other suitable shelter presented itself. In doing this they missed the next bit of conversation exchanged between Snoke, Ren, and Abby. Ren got up and limped over to where Abby stood, facing Snoke down alone. He had been beaten pretty bad by the Titan lord, but he wanted to watch as Abby dealt the final blow to the evil being. Snoke seemed amused by her threats. "Really" he asked skeptically. "I doubt that. The electricity from the blast might kill it." "What is it " Ren asked, annoyed, as it seemed that Snoke was just trying to talk his way out of a death sentence. Snoke's thin lips curled in a smirk. "Her baby." Everyone froze. Snoke stood there, watching for Ren and Abby to react. The Master Bolt sparked in Abby's hand, tendrils of electricity frying the ground at her feet. "You're lying" Abby said simply. She leveled the Master Bolt at him again. "Where's the proof?" Ren suddenly lashed out, grabbing the Master Bolt and pulling it out of her hand. "What are you doing" Abby cried. He turned to her, his face white. "He's not lying Abby, he can sense it and I've been sensing it too, for the past two weeks, I just didn't realize that's what I was sensing!" Abby swallowed hard. "Trust me on this" Ren pleaded. Abby nodded slowly. "Okay then" she said. "The Bolt works just like Force lightning. It attunes to your emotions." When Ren had taken the Bolt from Abby it had solidified into one powerful beam of energy. Before it had been sparking and freaking out in Abby's hands. Ren turned on Snoke. Now, and only now, was the Supreme Leader afraid. There was no reason Kylo Ren would not blast him to ashes. And that's exactly what he did. The blast lit up the world, shaking the ground and leveling whatever was left of the ruins. When Ren's eyesight cleared the grass was charred and smoke rose up from the ground. The Master Bolt hummed in his hand, all the molecules in his body agitated by the raw power of the weapon. Snoke got his comeuppance alright. The full force of the blast slammed into his chest. He froze, turning into a pillar of ash and then disintegrating completely. All that was left of him was a puddle of dark robes and his scythe, which lay smoking on the ground. Ren dropped the Master Bolt and fell to his knees, shocked at what he had just done. From behind him came a small sound. "Ben" Abby whimpered. "Ben please, answer me!" Her voice shook. He realized she couldn't take much more of this. Now, burdened with the fact she was expecting a child, his child, he couldn't just leave her like this. He turned to her. She ran forward, falling to her knees in front of him. "I'm sorry" he whispered, tears of shame filling his eyes. One rolled down his cheek, then another and another and another. Abby reached up, brushing her thumb across his cheek and wiping them away. "You helped me" she said. "And you saved me" he replied, and embraced her. She pressed her head against his chest, probably trying to hide the fact that tears were falling from her eyes too. He took a deep breath, making an effort to clear his mind and calm down, at least enough to stop crying and comfort Abby. She didn't deserve an ending like this, filled with shock and trauma and pain. She deserved an ending of glory and joy and happiness. A gentle breeze brushed across the barren ground, and something told Ben Zeus had reclaimed his Master Bolt. Clouds gathered and misty rain fell, putting out the sparks that could easily start fires. Ben cupped his hand around Abby's chin, gently pulling her face up to look at him. Her cheeks were wet with tears and droplets of rain sparkled in her hair like beads. "Are you okay" he asked. "I don't know" Abby said quietly. She placed on of her hands on her stomach, the look in her eyes a bit distant. Ben met her gaze. "I think you're going to be okay" he said. "I really do. We're all alive, and we're together. I promise I won't let anything happen to you, or our baby." After a short pause he added " Ever ." Abby nodded, blinking the tears out of her eyes. She pulled her cloak closer around herself, gently extracting herself from his arms and getting to her feet. She offered a hand to him, and pulled him to his feet as well. From behind the Resistance ship four people walked out and across the-now a bit muddy-ground to the couple standing by the ruins. Abby saw them coming. "We're not done just yet" she said, and walked across the grass to meet them. Ben followed, head down. Leia saw him like that and, all of a sudden, she felt a surge of pity for her son. She ran to him and embraced him. She had seen all that had happened. To her surprise he didn't pull away from her. "I'm sorry mom" he muttered. "It's okay" Leia assured him. "No it's not" he continued. "I messed up, big-time." "Ben" Leia said. "It's really okay. We can go home now." Abby nodded. "I really hate to have to bring this up" she said. "But there's, kind of, a monster army advancing on the Resistance Base?" Ben shook his head. "No" he said. "I can't let you just go off into battle like that. Not now. Not in your condition." Abby sighed. "I'll be fine. Do you really think I'm just going to charge in and start killing monsters? Hahahahaha, no. My sword is still in the rubble somewhere-" She held out her hand and her pen flew into it. "But, even so, I know I can't do that. That's what godly auto-win powers are for." She raised her hands and the world flipped upside down, everything going black as Abby shadow-traveled them all to the Resistance base. Chapter 38 : Loose Ends The Resistance base was a war zone. All the might of the Resistance could hardly make a dent against the huge army advancing. For every monster that somehow fell six more seemed to take it's place. Resistance personnel were running around in a panic at the demons before them. Abby surveyed the scene, biting her the way she did when she was thinking really, really hard. "I can't ask for any more help" she said aloud. "Zeus letting me borrow the Master Bolt was a long shot in the first place. Hmmm, then, let's see........" She placed a hand to her head, pushing her hair out of her face. After a minute or so she seemed to come up with something, and snapped her fingers. "I can't pull any more favors from the gods, but who knows, maybe grandma is in the mood for helping." "Grandma" Rey asked. "The Earth" Abby informed. "Gaea. Mother of the Titan's, etc. I wonder if I could just........" She stamped her foot. For a second nothing happened. Then the ground began to shake. Cracks ran from where her foot had came down, all the way around the army, closing around the monsters. Any lone monster outside the circle was simply swallowed by the earth. Abby laughed aloud. "IT'S WORKING" she yelled over the noise of earth rumbling and monsters roars. She stamped her foot again, and the ground beneath the monsters gave way. A massive pit opened, and they all fell in. "That, my friends" Abby said. "Is a one-way ticket to Tartarus." Suddenly her face paled. She stumbled, listing to one side. Ben caught her and allowed her to lean on him. She pressed her hands to her temples, blinking her eyes rapidly. "Everything is yellow" she said. "Is it supposed to be yellow?" Ben shook his head. "I think you've done too much magic today" he said. The hole in the ground closed. "Yeah" Abby agreed. She was breathless, tired, and completely drained of power. You might think calling on the other Olympians wouldn't take her power, but they depended on their mortals followers to draw their strength. Summoning the Master Bolt and communicating with Gaea had drained Abby to the point of passing out. "Ugh" she said. "I don't want to pass out. I've done that enough today." Ben put his arms around her. "It's okay" he said. He glanced at Leia, and she understood his unspoken question. "Why don't we take you two inside" she offered. "I'm sure you want a bit of rest." "Yes, yes, thank you Leia" Abby said, doing her best to stand up straight. She winced in pain, but managed to follow Leia and the others into the base and to the medical bay. Ben kept his arm around her the entire time. Once at the medbay Leia told her to lie down and convinced (read: forced) Ben to sit down and let the droids do their thing. The droids administered some sedatives on Abby so they could run some tests. It felt like hours, but all the tests and treatments to her various injuries only took about one hour at most. Then they let her rest. Leia took Ben to get cleaned up and change. He was very on edge the whole time. He was worried about two things. One: What would Leia's reaction be when she found out about Abby's pregnancy? And two: What was the state of Abby's pregnancy? The Force could only tell him so much. What if the baby had been hurt by the beating Abby had taken at the hands of Snoke? Sure, Abby was pretty lucky when it came to injuries, but would that luck hold? Leia had Ben sit down and tell her everything. He did, leaving out some minor details, like the specifics of the deal with Snoke. He told Leia that he had made a deal with Snoke, and it entailed Abby turning to the Dark side and being taken into his custody, but left it at that. He told her how himself and Abby had plotted to destroy Snoke. He told her about Abby's imprisonment in the chamber at Snoke's base. He told her about the vision he'd been given by the ghost of Anakin Skywalker. He told her everything he could. Then Leia was tapped on the shoulder by one of the Resistance personnel. "Excuse me General, but the patient in medbay three has woken up. The droids say she can have visitors now." Ben jumped to his feet, but Leia shot him a look. He sat back down again, folding his hands and trying to force down his nerves. "Thank you" Leia said. "I think I must see her immediately. Ben, you can come too." Ben got up a bit more calmly, and followed Leia to the medbay. The door opened and Leia let him go in first. Abby was sitting up on the bed, her hands folded over her stomach, that same far-off look in her eyes she had gotten earlier. When the door opened she turned her head, and, seeing Ben, she began to smile. He walked over and sat down on the edge of her bed, taking her hand. "Hi Ben" Abby said happily, as if she was simply glad to address him as such. "How are you feeling" he asked. "I'm fine" she said easily. "You?" He shrugged. "Okay, I guess. Nervous, but okay." Abby gave a small laugh. "It'll be fine" she assured him. "We hope" he added. Abby squeezed his hand affectionately. "Come on" she said. "You know I've heard of crazier things." "So you're telling me you're not nervous at all" Ben said, but he was beginning to smile too. "I never said that. Of course I'm nervous!" They both laughed a small bit. Leia walked over to them. "Is there anything wrong" she asked. Abby shook her head. "No, no, of course not General" she said quickly. "Good" Leia said. "Why don't we hear what the medical droid has to say." The droid rolled over and began giving the General a brief report on Abby's physical health. Her luck held. Apparently, by some miracle, she had come out with only a few major injuries. Most of her sickly appearance had come from exhaustion and overexertion. But they had fixed her up, and after those few hours of sleep she was back in a pretty good condition for what she'd been through. " I told you " Abby whispered. Then the droid turned to them. "Abby, Ben" it said. "Congratulations. Abby is about two weeks pregnant." Leia turned to them, as if she wanted to see their reactions. Ben and Abby exchanged a knowing glance. For a second Leia didn't seem to know what to say. Then she understood. "Don't tell me you already knew" she cried. Abby gave a small, guilty little smile. Ben glanced at the ground. "Wellll" Abby said, the way she did when she wanted to explain but was also holding back information. "Not for very long. Like, a few hours before this. Snoke knew and he tried to trick me into not using the Master Bolt on him because the discharge that hits the user might harm, say, someone who's pregnant. Otherwise it's not harmful, which is why Ben could use it." Leia nodded. Ben picked up where Abby left off. "Of course, Abby thought he was lying, but then I realized something I had been sensing for a few weeks by then was the baby. Snoke-of course-sensed it too. You see, he knew that our potential children would be extremely powerful. He wanted to take advantage of that." Abby nodded in agreement. "Snoke tricked Ben" she continued. "Into making that deal, because Ben didn't know the deal meant Snoke could take advantage of our potential children. When Ben found out about that we decided to destroy Snoke." "Alright then" Leia said. "Congratulations you two. You may stay here at the base, with us." Abby's face fell. "What is it" Leia asked. "I'm not done" Abby said. "I have a job, I have a home, I have friends. They're all waiting for me to get back, an I can't just disappear forever with no explanation." "Camp" Ben asked. "Yes, the Camp" Abby agreed. "I have to go back. I think I'll only need a week. That'll be enough to tie up all the loose ends, appoint a new activities director, etc." "You're leaving the Camp" Ben summed up. "For good?" "Yes" Abby sighed. "Its a summer camp. I couldn't stay there forever." "What are you two talking about" Leia asked. Abby looked at her. "Where I came from. Don't tell me you haven't wondered, after all these years. Sure, I lived on Olympus for a little while, but that was never my home. I can't just leave them." "Them, who is them ?" "The campers" Abby said simply. "My friends. Believe me, if you've known some of them for as long as I have, you'd want to say goodbye too. And I have a job there, I'm the activities director. I think I already know who I want to give the job to, so there's one important question, out of the way. I just need a week there General." "Of course" Leia said. "If you feel up to it we can speed you on your way tomorrow." "Thank you" Abby said. "I'll go with you" Ben added. Leia's face fell. She obviously didn't want her son going off on some other crazy mission. Abby read this. "Anyone who wants to can come" she offered. "May I" Leia asked. Abby nodded. "Of course. Let me just warn you, it's pretty wild and crazy there." Leia sighed. "Why am I not surprised?" Chapter 39 : Wild And Crazy Summary: Finally, an update to this fic! I know this is overdue, I was busy with my other fic, Unstoppable. Sorry, but here's the next part! Enjoy! The final count of people coming to camp ended up being (take a deep breath): Abby, Ben, Rey, Luke, and Leia. So, a bit more then Abby had originally thought. But that was okay. Camp could accommodate that many people. There was already easily four hundred campers there in the first place. They descended over the camp at night, landing on the large stretch of grass where campers sparred, ran races, and generally hung out. It was late, but there seemed to be something going on in the waterfront hall. Shouts and the sound of music emanated from the place. But Abby didn't go there first. She made a beeline for the cabins. Everyone followed her. The only cabin with light was cabin ten (Aphrodite), and there was music coming from there as well. Taylor Swift music. "Oh, I know who's in there" Abby exclaimed, and hurried forward. She ran up to the door of cabin ten and knocked on it. "Knock, knock" she called playfully. "I hear my jam!" The door flew open almost immediately. A redhead girl of about twenty saw Abby and squealed with delight. "Abby" she cried, and threw her arms around Abby. "How's my girl" Abby asked. "I'm good" the girl said. "How about you?" "As usual" Abby said. "But this time I brought friends. Do you recall Ben and Rey?" The girl backed away from Abby and took in the group behind her. "Rey" she asked. "Ben? Oh gods, I do remember you! Rey, remember me, we were friends!" Rey creased her brow in concentration. "I think...." she said carefully. "Lets see, redhead from camp...............OH, now I remember! Adriana!" "That's me" the girl said. "Daughter of Aphrodite, at your service!" "You" Ben asked. "The one who lead the little kids into battle?" "Yeah" she said sheepishly. "Maybe that wasn't the best idea, but you and Abby got us all out of trouble, so, we're cool. I just knew you guys would be coming back today, I just knew it!" She did a little jump of excitement. "This is going to bust some heads over at the waterfront hall. No one knew whether or not you would come back Abby, but you always do!" Abby nodded. "What's happening at the waterfront?" Adriana leaned over, as if whispering a secret message. " Weekly dance " she said. Abby turned to her friends. "Okay" she said. "If anyone doesn't want to see flashing lights, loud music, and lots-I mean lots -of shouting I'll direct you to the Big House. I'm sure Chiron would like some company." Luke and Leia looked at each other. "What's going on" Luke asked. "The weekly dance" Abby said. "Remember what I said about wild and crazy ? Well, that dance is practically the definition. And loud. So loud. And there's about four hundred kids allowed to just, go wild on the dance floor, so, you know how that goes. Usually I supervise, but I've obviously been out of it so-" Ben interrupted. "I think you mean participate, not supervise. You would never simply supervise a dance party." Abby shrugged. "I guess you're right. Here's an idea. Anyone who doesn't want to go to the party can stay at the Big House. Adriana, me, and anyone else can come to the party." Luke and Leia glanced at each other. "I think" Leia said. "We'll go to the party." Abby looked at them. "Are you sure?" "Yes." "Then, don't say I didn't warn you." They all began walking towards the waterfront hall. Abby had not exaggerated. There were flashing lights. There was shouting. There was loud music. Kids were everywhere, eating foods from the snack table, dancing on the dance floor, rocking out onstage. They stomped and clapped and yelled along with the music. Adriana pulled something out from behind her back. "Hey" Abby said. "That's my air horn!" "How else am I going to get their attention" Adriana asked. Abby sighed. "Yeah, but then give it to me. I'm going to wake the entire place up at four-thirty tomorrow morning." This earned her some pretty weird looks. "Joking" she added quickly. "I was joking!" Adriana nodded and marched onto the stage. She held the air horn up in the air and blew it. It did get everyone's attention. The music and shouting died down, and everyone turned to the stage. "OKAY EVERYBODY" Adriana yelled. "I HAVE AN IMPORTANT ANNOUNCEMENT!" "Announcements, announcements, annoooouuuuuncements" the crowd chorused. "ABBY GRACE HAS RETURNED" Adriana yelled. There was a collective gasp. "Abby" someone whispered. "Abby Grace? She's back!" Adriana beckoned for Abby to come up onstage. She did so, climbing the steps and standing next to Adriana. "WELL" she said, with the same volume as Adriana. "I'M BACK, BUT I HAVE BAD NEWS. I'M NOT HERE TO STAY." "What" someone cried. "No" said another. "Who will be our activities director if you go" said yet another camper. "Why are you leaving" cried a child near the front. Abby sighed. "ALL OF THOSE QUESTIONS WILL BE ANSWERED AT FRIDAY'S CAMPFIRE. UNTIL THEN I WILL BE ASSUMING MY OLD POST AS ACTIVITIES DIRECTOR. BUT, WASN'T THERE A PARTY GOING ON? YOU GUYS BETTER NOT HAVE DONE THE CHA-CHA SLIDE WITHOUT ME!" Everyone laughed. Someone in the back cupped his hands around his mouth and yelled, "PUT HER IN A DRESS!" The other kids took up the chant. "DRESS! DRESS! DRESS!" Abby rolled her eyes. "OKAY, OKAY" she said. "YOU GUYS JUST WANT TO HUMILIATE ME, DON'T YOU?" "DRESS! DRESS! DRESS!" "Adriana" Abby said. "Do your stuff." Adriana snapped her fingers. Sparks flew from her fingertips, and Abby's outfit flashed. Suddenly she was wearing a white dress and shawl. The campers cheered and laughed, but Abby laughed along with them, like this was all an inside joke. "YOU HAPPY" she yelled. "YES" the kid at the back yelled. Abby singled him out. "THAT'S GREAT! NOW, WHERE WERE WE?" And all Hades broke loose. Stomping, shouting, clapping, laughing, and dancing were all fine in their own right, but altogether they were overwhelming and loud. But no one minded. Music played and everyone who knew the words sang along. "I GOTTA FEELING!!!........................CALL ME MAYBE!!!!!!.....................AT NIGHT I THINK OF YOU!!!!!!.............CHA CHA REAL SMOOTH!!!!!!!..............ALL I WANT FOR CHRISTMAS IS YOU!!!!...........MY LIP GLOSS BE POPPING!!!!!!..............COTTON-EYED JOE!!!!!!......" and on and on and on the songs went. Abby tried not to be the center of attention, but the kids were always dragging her into the spotlight. Everyone seemed to love her and want her attention. Finally she managed to get back to her friends, who were standing off to the side, spectating. "I really did warn you guys" she said. Ben nodded. "I remember some of them, Adriana in particular. They're aren't always this wild, right?" "No" Abby assured him. "This only happens once a week. Everybody goes wild, and it's the perfect time and place to mess around with their powers, which is why I'm wearing this." She made a gesture towards her magical outfit. "But it's okay, it's all for laughs, they do this to me every time, because they know I'm not a dress fan." "And yet you're so often wearing them" Ben pointed out. Abby shrugged. "That's what people expect of me." She glanced at a clock above the door. " Di immortals " she cried. "It's way past curfew! Boy, am I in for it with Chiron. Where's Adriana, she took my air horn." She began searching the crowd. "Why anyone gave her an air horn in the first place, I have no idea" Ben muttered to Luke and Leia. Rey nodded in agreement. "She used it all the time" she added. Abby got Adriana's attention and got her air horn back. She marched up onto the crowded stage and blew it. Everyone stopped what they were doing and paid attention. "ALRIGHT, IT'S WAY PAST CURFEW! COUNSELORS, YOU SHOULD KNOW BETTER! I HATE TO CALL OFF SUCH A PARTY, BUT I HAVE TO! BEDTIME, EVERYBODY!" "AWWWWW" the kids said. "C'MON" Abby yelled. "WE'RE ALL IN FOR IT WITH CHIRON IF WE DON'T GO TO BED, AND YOU KNOW HOW THAT GOES." Everyone nodded in agreement and began filing out of the hall without much complaining. "You can still work magic when it comes to getting them to listen to you" Adriana marveled. "You might call it magic" Abby said. "I call it being popular with them. Or luck. I'm always a bit lucky, aren't I? But you've gotta go to, that curfew applied to everyone ." "Even you" Adriana said. "I bet you could have gone on for hours." "No, I really couldn't" Abby said. "Like I said, everything will be explained at Friday night's campfire. Now go on. I'm spent." Adriana hugged Abby quickly before leaving as well. Abby walked back to Ben and the rest. "You guys can either sleep in the Big House or the Falcon, whichever you prefer." "I'm staying with you" Ben said immediately. "And that's fine. Luke? Leia? Rey" she asked. "I'll stay at the Big House" Rey offered. "That's cool" Abby said. "We've got plenty of spare rooms in there for unclaimed campers and visitors." "Luke and I will stay in the Falcon" Leia said. "Mmmhmm" Abby agreed. "That's fine too. I'll make sure the campers know not to touch the Falcon. The Hephaestus cabin will probably want to tear it apart simply for the sake of trying to put it back together. Children of the god of the forge, weaponmaking, fire, and all this other technical stuff. They'd probably love to see some blueprints for starships. That'd keep them occupied for hours." Ben laughed. "Even after almost twenty years here you still call Hephaestus the god of all this other technical stuff " he chuckled. "Twenty years" Abby repeated. "Really? Feels like less time." She walked out of the waterfront hall. Luke and Leia broke off for the Falcon, while Rey and Ben followed her. She lead Rey to one of the spare rooms, while Ben followed her to her room. "I honestly have no idea how this place is gonna look" Abby admitted. "Haven't lived here for.......I dunno, eleven years. You remember my palace? That's where I lived, and I would just show up everyday for classes, kind of like a schoolteacher." She pushed open the door. Everything was sleek, with creamy whites and darker colors scattered around in the decor. It looked like one of those model master bedrooms you might see on HGTV shows like Property Brothers. Except there was a desk in one corner, cluttered with stuff. Abby nodded satisfactorily. "Chiron might have redecorated, but he was smart enough not to move my stuff." "Speaking of Chiron, where is he" Ben asked. "Oh, probably long asleep. This is way late for him, and everyone else at Camp too. He trusts the counselors to supervise the dance when I'm not there, but they obviously forgot." She walked over to her old dresser, which was-surprisingly-filled with clothes. "My old stuff from Olympus" she said. "Do you need anything?" "No, I'm good" Ben said. "But can I talk to you for a second?" "Give me one minute" she said. Very quickly, she changed into pajama pants and a t-shirt, her usual pajamas. "Okay, what is it?" "You said you're going to take over your old job" Ben began. "I was just thinking.............that party was pretty wild. Gods know what'll happen during classes. You've got a baby to think about now. I know your luck held during that fight, but no one is lucky enough to get through something like that twice in a row. Not even you." "Oh Ben" Abby said. "It'll be okay. My job is just to organize, teach, and supervise. No one said I had to participate. Sure, I usually do and the kids will be disappointed if I don't-" Ben cut her off. "You act like they're your own children" he said. "But you have a child of your own to take care of. Why choose them over your own?" "Because I've already raised most of them. They're demigods. Parental figures aren't always there for them. It's the least I can do to teach them and care for them. That's why I wanted to come back. None of them deserve to have another parent figure walk out on them, and we both know what that feels like, don't we?" Ben nodded slowly. "It's only a week. I'm responsible. I've had years of practice at this job. I know how keep safe. Just trust me." Ben reached out and placed his hand on her lower abdomen. He could feel their child there, in his grasp. He could sense their incredible Force power and potential. He wouldn't be able to bear loosing something like that, and the encounter with Kronos had been too close. "Please Abby" he muttered. "Just be safe." "I will Ben" she assured him. "I will. Now let's get some sleep." She walked away from him and sat down on the bed. He pulled off his shirt and kicked off his shoes, before walking over and sitting next to her. He took her face in his hands and kissed her, before lying down. She lay next to him, and the lights in the room dimmed. "Goodnight Abby" he said, but she was already asleep. Chapter 40 : Camping Summary: I have so many people to give shoutouts to this part! First we have creepystarwarsfan for adding Reylo Pictures to their list Reylo Trash. Next we have Stroker7837 for being the best fan ever. No seriously, you're the best fan ever Stroker, thank's so much for your support!! You've voted on every single part of my story Unstoppable, and I'm so grateful for your support on that story. I'd also like to shoutout makiagirl for voting and commenting on part thirty-seven of this story (Wild And Crazy). And finally we have bgirly16 for commenting on part one of this story (Prologue-Ben). I'm giving all of you shoutouts because your support really does mean the world to me, and I'm so grateful for your feedback. This is my way of saying one massive THANK YOU to you all. Psst, everyone I just gave a shoutout to is a wattpad.com user. Just saying. Now, on with the fanfiction! The kids at Camp were nice. No doubt about that. And brave. And enthusiastic. They all wanted to talk to the four people from the Resistance, but they tried not to be constantly bugging them, which Ben was pretty glad about. But every free period they would gather around, begging Luke and Leia to tell them the old war stories, asking Rey and Ben to show them the Force. Sometimes Abby would standby watching-and laugh. Her laugh could be easily picked out among a crowd. Sometimes she had other things to do. Ben knew she found the way they gathered around them hilarious, for one reason or another. But listening to her laugh, he never minded. During the other hours of the day, when the campers were occupied, he roamed around, remembering his favorite places there. The armory, the PVP area, the beach and dock. One day he happened to catch Abby while she taught a class on the beach. The campers were all in the water, splashing around. She was standing on the beach, ankle-deep in the surf, watching them. She was wearing a red one-piece swimsuit that accentuated the small bump on her stomach. She didn't seem him coming up behind her. "And...........time" she yelled. "Okay everybody, that's enough for today. Why don't you go jock dumping?" They all began laughing and got out of the water, running to the dock and jumping off one by one. "Jock dumping" Ben asked. "You don't remember" Abby asked. "Dock jumping with the first sounds reversed. It's practically illegal here to say dock jumping because it's such and obvious inside joke. Everyone knows what it means." "Oh, now I remember" Ben said. "And you're all about the inside jokes here. You came up with some of them, right?" "Mmhmmm" she said. "How are you feeling" Ben asked. "I'm fine" she said quickly. "That's good" Ben said. "But here's a question. What are you going to tell them on Friday?" "I'm going to tell them the truth" she said. "That I'm going to have a baby and I can't be at Camp for that. Sometimes I want to stay here forever, but it's a summer camp. Not a real home. To some of the other kids, yes, but me? No. I have you and Leia and Luke and Rey. That's enough." Ben put his arm around her. "And the baby" he added. Abby laughed. "And the baby, of course. How could I forget. Speaking of people, during free period today we're going to have a visitor." "Who" Ben asked. Abby frowned slightly. "My mother." "Your mother? Rhea? She's coming here?!" Ben sounded a bit alarmed, and he had good right to. Neither of them had seen or heard from Abby's mother in years, and the gods only knew how she would feel to come back and find her daughter pregnant before she was even engaged. As the Titan of Motherhood she probably wouldn't think much of it. "Yeah. But that's not for a few hours. I've got swimming classes all morning, then lunch and rest hour, then free period. We've got plenty of time." She kissed him on the cheek. "Why don't you stick around for a little while? I heard it's going to sweltering hot today, so the swimming and boating departments will be the place to be." "Of course I'll stick around" Ben acknowledged. The classes came and went. That gave time for Ben to be thankful that Abby would not be taking the air horn with her, because instead of a bell like at the Old Jedi temple, to signal the end of classes she simply blew the infernal thing. It wasn't as annoying when you got used to it, but still. Finally it was time for lunch. Abby had been right. It was extremely warm that day. By lunchtime everyone was sweltering. But, surprise surprise, there was ice cream after lunch, and everyone guessed Abby had set it up last-minute. Abby had a way of doing stuff like that. But rest hour was a bit too eventful to be restful. Abby had grabbed a water bottle from the cooler they had sitting out in the dining hall. Then some campers came to her asking for one thing or another, and she went off to help them, leaving the water bottle at her place on the table. Since lunch had just ended a few people were still in the dining hall, and some Hermes campers came over to ask Luke and Leia a question. They got their answer and went off to do whatever they did during rest hour, but once they left the dining hall they broke into uncontrollable giggles. Abby came back and picked up the water bottle. "Those kids just wanted me to help them get something out of the armory so they were ready for free period" she informed, before taking a sip of the water. Her face turned bright red and she doubled over, coughing and spluttering. "What's wrong" Ben asked, alarmed. "Mustard" she coughed. "They....put....mustard....in.....here!!" She finished coughing. "Oh my gods, I told them never to do that again!" "Who's them?" Now that Ben knew it was just mustard he wasn't concerned. Sure, it was disgusting to get a mouthful of that stuff in your water, but not harmful. "The Hermes cabin. You remember the story about the mustard nectar?" "A.K.A. one of the grossest stories in all Greek mythology" Ben asked. "Of course I do." "Well, the Hermes cabin thinks it's funny to slip mustard into my drinks and see what happens." "Does anything ever happen?" "No" she said. "Except a lot of coughing, but nothing more. As for them.......that last time they did this was on the Camp Olympus Grand Tour of New England Amusement Parks and Monster Slaying." "Say what now" Rey asked. "Long story" Abby informed. "Anyway, they dumped mustard in every single drink dispenser at Six Flags, so when I went and drank it the same thing happened. They thought it was hilarious." "You didn't get them back" Ben asked. Abby grinned. "I did the same thing I'm about to do. Follow me." She walked off towards the cabins. When Abby knocked on the door of the Hermes cabin there was a commotion inside. The kids could see who it was through the windows. "You guys have five seconds to open the door" she called. "Five, four, three, two-" The door swung open and she walked in. Rey and Ben had followed to see the spectacle. "There was mustard in my drink" she said. "Why do I think you guys did it?" Everyone pointed to the two kids who had asked Luke and Leia the questions. "Mia and Frankie" Abby said. "New campers. You weren't there the first time this happened, but I can't just walk away from this. You guys like mustard? Fine. Have some." She threw her water bottle onto the ground and ran out of the cabin. When it hit the ground, it exploded, but water didn't come out. "Honey mustard" she yelled, laughing. True enough, honey mustard spattered everywhere. "Literal taste of their own medicine" Abby laughed. "Now, I think it's time for rest hour." "Who's gonna clean that up" Rey asked. "It'll disappear in a few minutes" Abby assured her. "I wouldn't make that much of a mess and then just walk away." She turned and began walking towards the Big House. Kind of contradictory, because she left Rey a very confused mess. When free period finally arrived she was way different. Jumpy and agitated, nervous and on edge. In all honesty Ben didn't know much about her mother. He'd only met Rhea once, and only heard so many stories. Leia, Luke, and Rey of course stuck with them. They all waited on the porch of the Big House, along with Chiron. Abby stood apart from the group with Chiron, talking in hushed tones. "And what about Kronos" Chiron was saying. "Do you think she knows he's been defeated?" "You act like she's going to care if he's been defeated" Abby said in response. "She hates him, and regretted marrying him from the moment she did! He's a pathological lair and a cannibal baby-eater! She probably won't care." "She'll probably care about the fact that you're pregnant" Chiron pointed out. "I have considered that" Abby said, but her face had paled. "I know she might not think much of it, but I've always been kind of a baby to her. All the others are full-fledged gods. She probably still sees me as her little girl." She turned away from Chiron, her face tight. "Even though" she muttered to herself. "Mother hasn't bothered to show up in the past eleven years. I'm still her little girl." Then someone appeared at the end of the driveway to Camp. "She's here" Abby announced. "Remember everyone, be polite, and let me do the talking." She turned towards her mother, who was approaching up the drive. "Sounds like a freaking military briefing" she added to herself. Rhea walked up the porch steps and smiled warmly. "Hello everyone" she said. "I'm Rhea, Queen of the Titans." Abby managed a pained smile. "Hi mom" she said. Rhea embraced her. "How are you Abby" she asked. "I've heard you've been on some major adventures since I saw you last!" "You bet" Abby acknowledged. "I'll be pleased to tell you about them, but how about inside? There's AC." "AC" Rhea agreed. "Humans sure have invented some revolutionary technology since the old years. AC, the internet, ambrosia on a stick-" Abby coughed. "Not sure about that last one, but why don't we go inside?" Her mother nodded and followed Chiron into the Big House. Abby shot Ben and the others a look along the lines of 911 help!!! before gesturing for them to follow her inside as well. Chapter 41 : Authors Note (A.K.A. Shoutout Party) Hey guys! I have something to tell you. This book is also on Fanfiction.com and wattpad.com. Guess how many reads this book has on Fanfiction.com. Just guess. I'll tell you in five, four, three, two, one........... 838, and counting ! Crazy, I know. That's just under double the reads we have over on wattpad. I know you guys are waiting for me to get to the point so we can get on with the fanfiction, so here is the point: If you like this story, go ahead and tell a friend! If you like this ship, go ahead and tell a friend! We all want this beautiful fluffy ship to grow a fanbase (or at least I do, and I hope some others, but so far I can only speak for myself), and we can! You guys are the best and most supportive group of people I've ever seen in my life, I'm so thankful you take the time to read this story (and this incredibly long, boring authors note). I have a few shoutouts to give. First: creepystarwarsfan . I know this guy has gotten a lot of shoutouts lately, but seriously, you're the best! Thanks for (take a deep breath) , adding my other fic Unstoppable to your reading lists Star Wars Randomness and REYLO TRASH, commenting on part 38 of this story (Camping), and commenting on part 1 of Unstoppable (Beginnings). Sorry if I repeat some of the things I'm giving shoutouts to you about, or miss something, you're all over my newsfeed about people who have commented and added my stories. Thanks a million! Second: Anyone and everyone who has voted or commented on my picture books Reylo Pictures and and Ship Wars-Star Wars Images . That group includes (but is in no way limited to) INDIYAHTMNT , emmafangirl , danonelovee , StarWarscanbeurstory , Lilaonselena , Benji1452 , ScarlettCookieeTrees , and Honeythemouse . Thank you all for taking your time to look at and vote every single one of those picture books I put together (I own none of those images)! Third: My followers. I'm going to list them all here, because they're all awesome and deserve recognition! Thanks to angel_sashaxxx , leilaalcide , AshleyW02 , emmafangirl (I know she was listed above, but I'm listing everyone who's currently following me-22 people-and she deserves a place on both lists), 21ihess , fasul13 , animedragon16 (that name is awesome!), Stroker7837 , ClaraLavenderYoung , great_unkwoon , maxenetan , love36009 , princess-disney , AbbyLikon , Lover_Of_Most_Things , Honeythemouse (same deal with emmafangirl. They deserve a double place on these lists for double awesomeness!), JoannaDystopia , StarWarsCheeseburger (that is one of the coolest names I've seen!), katnissmellark675 , meggylou19982804 , demigodavianhybrid , and finally xxAfroCoolxx ! FYI, Everyone I gave a shoutout to this part is a wattpad.com user. I just wanted to give you guys all shoutouts, because you're really encouraging me to keep doing what I'm doing (writing) and keep doing it well . Every single comment, vote, new follower, and add to a reading list means the world to me, and gives me a little more drive to keep doing what I'm doing and keep giving you guys these fanfics. You're all awesome and I love you all! XOX, AbbyGrace31415 P.S. Good on you if you read to the end of this incredibly long, boring authors note. Sorry this isn't an actual update to the fic, I promise one soon! And for your reward I will grant you a GIF of Adam Driver! (With a baby. Foreshadowing, you say? Absolutely!) Love ya! Abby Grace out. Chapter 42 : Mother And Daughter Summary: If anybody's wondering about the references in this part, I am a huge fan of the play Into the Woods. Like huge. Just a reason for the Into the Woods references in this part. Now, enjoy! Once everyone was seated there was a bit of simple small talk. Good to see you again. You too. How are you enjoying your visit to Camp? Oh, it's just fine. Etc, etc. Rhea seemed just as pleasant company as her daughter, and she never stopped smiling. Abby was mostly silent, almost guarded from the way she was acting. She and Ben sat together (big surprise) on the couch, with Chiron sitting in his magic wheelchair and the others sitting in chairs around the room. Rhea suddenly turned to her daughter, still beaming. "I hope" she began. "That you'll be staying here. Everyone is so happy to have you back." Abby's face turned pink and she glanced at the ground. "Abby" Rhea asked, immediately picking up on her daughters discomfort. "Is there something wrong?" Abby sighed. "I'm not staying" she said. "I'm going with Ben." "Why" Rhea asked. "This is your home! We're your family!" Abby got this guilty look on her face, and then something changed. "If you'd paid attention to what has been happening the past few years you might know why I'm leaving" she burst out, her face flushed with........not anger, or bitterness. Just some kind of emotion linked to those, some emotion that conveyed all she was feeling. "Abby" Rhea said. "You know how you have six siblings-" "I know I have six siblings" Abby retorted. "I also know how they're adults, the gods no less! If this is your excuse for not paying attention to the mortal world then.........I don't know." All the anger seemed to drain out of her as quick as it had come. "It's okay" Rhea said. "No one is forcing you to stay here, but there are quite a lot of your friends, not to mention your family who will be sad to see you go." Abby shook her head. "Don't try to guilt-trip me mom" she said. "The Olympian family can survive without me. I already know who the next activities director is going to be, I've had a god-awful lot of time to think about it." "What do you mean" Rey asked. "You only decided you were leaving a few days ago." Abby sighed. "When I left, when the Olympians chucked me off Olympus, I just knew" she said. "I knew I wouldn't be coming back here to stay. So I began to think. And I know what is going to happen now, or some of it. Some other things, even I can't predict." "You mean to tell me" Ben said. "You've been planning to leave for......how many months were you away from here? Ten? Nearly a year. You hardly ever plan ahead, and I should know that." "It's called acting like an adult" Abby said. "And yes, I'm capable of that." "Of course I know that too" Ben said. "But your best plans always seem to be made up on the fly, like when you summoned the Master Bolt. Nobody saw that coming." "And that's called imagination" Abby acknowledged. "Alright, past that" Rhea said. "Why are you leaving then?" Abby shrugged. "To be with Ben" she said simply. "And if you ask me why I don't know what I'll do." "I remember how you two were dating" Rhea said. "Seems like a while ago, the Second Titan war, but I do remember." "That's right" Abby said. "I was worried you wouldn't remember. But, it's not just that." "Not just that" Rhea asked. "What do you mean?" "I mean  ." Abby paused, watching Rhea's face. Then something else dawned on her. "I said that in Greek, didn't I? Ooops" she said sheepishly. "Oh well, it's not like it's a big secret among you guys." Rhea still seemed to be thinking about what Abby had just said. She focused on Abby. "Oh, so that's what I sense" she suddenly exclaimed. "She's the Titan of Motherhood" Abby explained to the others. Suddenly Rhea's expression became even more shocked. "Would it surprise you to know that    " Rhea asked Abby. Abby's face also went through a few shocked expressions, before her face reverted to one of almost forced calm. "First of all" she said. "It's kind of rude to be chatting in a language nobody else can understand, how about we stop, and second of all do you really think that after all I've been through I would be surprised by something as simple as that?" Rhea laughed. "No, I suppose you wouldn't" she agreed. "But it is rare, there's only Apollo and Artemis.........." Abby nodded in agreement. "That's great" she said. "But can we move on?" "What are you two talking about" Leia asked. "I'll tell you later" Abby said. Suddenly Rhea smiled knowingly. "This reminds me of something" she said. "That play, Into the Woods?" Abby nodded. "What of it" she asked. "The theme of the play" Rhea said. "Growing up. Getting through life's trials. But you were always the witch, even when they played it here, right?" Abby nodded. "And I pride myself on hitting that high note at the end of Last Midnight " she said, sitting up a little straighter. "That was meant for a soprano, definitely, but I did it anyway." "And you did it well" Rhea agreed. "Into the Woods" Ben repeated. "Where have I heard that before, I swear you've mentioned it......" "The people here, for the summer play they did the play Into the Woods, and I got cast as the witch. Not exactly the main antagonist, it's hard to say who's the antagonist in that play, that whole issue is addressed in one of the songs actually." " Your Fault " Rhea supplied. "You could sing that by yourself, couldn't you?" "I could " Abby admitted. "But I don't want to show off." "Do it" Rhea said. "I'll stop at weird times to take a breath" Abby objected. "Do as much as you can" Rhea asked. "Come on, for a little while this was all you sang, aside from Last Midnight . That one, you sang in the shower." Abby's face flushed. "Well, thanks for announcing that to the world" she said. "But I guess I could.........." Her voice trailed off and she took a deep breath, then began the song. "But it wasn't my fault, I was given those beans, you persuaded me to trade away my cow for beans, and without those beans there'd have been no stalk to get up to the giant in the first place! Wait a minute, magic beans for a cow so old that you had to tell a lie to sell it, which you told ! Were they worthless beans? Were they oversold? Oh, and tell us who persuaded you to steal that gold!" She paused, taking another deep breath. "See" she said. "I can only sing so much without a breath. That song is so fast and so many characters singing at once." Rhea smiled. "With everything that has gone on since then I'm surprised you remembered that much" she said. "But good job. Now, I think our time is up." "What do you mean" Abby asked. "Free period ends in five minutes" Rhea informed her. Abby's face turned pale. "But-" she began, before glancing around at the others in the room. "Can I speak to you for a minute? Alone?" Rhea nodded. "Of course." Ben got up first, followed by all the others, who left the room. Abby sighed and leaned back on the couch. Once everyone was gone and the door was shut she looked at her mother. "So I'm having twins" she said. "Twins. Something that has only happened about three times in all of Greek mythology." "And once in the Skywalker line, it makes the chances much higher" Rhea informed her daughter. "Still" Abby said. "I'm not ready for this! The First Order is still at large, crumbling, but still out there, and here I am bringing not one but two newborn, powerful babies into the world!" "Abby" Rhea said. "Think of Into the Woods. All the lessons you learned from that play. Does anything happen when you think you're ready?" "No" Abby said. "Can you plan ahead, make absolutely sure everything goes your way?" "No." "Then you are ready . It takes something special to admit your fears, admit it when you think you can't do something" Rhea told her. "But you can still escape." "What do you mean" Abby asked. "Zeus has insisted I make this offer to you" Rhea said with a sigh. "You can still return to Olympus, become an Olympian again, have your children and raise them on Olympus with you." "But what about Ben" Abby asked. Rhea looked down. "The Olympians cannot accept him onto Olympus, not after his crimes. They can allow him to have a long, happy, peaceful mortal life, but that is it. They cannot do more for him, but you-" "NO" Abby snapped, a little too harshly. "I'm sorry" she said composing herself again. "But I can't take that offer. I'll remain as I am, and as I once was. A powerful mortal." "A great hero" Rhea said. "Immortal or not, your name will go down in history. You will be remembered for your kindness." "Kindness?" "Of all the things hero's are remembered for" Rhea began. "Courage, strength, valor, service to the gods, I want you to be the exception. And you can be the exception. You didn't give up on Ben Solo. You returned to Camp, simply out of kindness, because you cared about them. You loved Ben. You cared for the campers. You admitted and faced your fears. You won't be remembered for your power. You'll be remembered for your heart." Abby smiled. That was one of the nicest things one of her family members ever said to her. "Thanks mom" she said, before tearing up a little. Rhea stood, and Abby did the same. Rhea hugged her youngest daughter. "May the gods bless you" she said. "I'll make sure of it." "Will I see you again" Abby asked. "Perhaps" Rhea said. "But in the meantime........I think you need a break from all this Greek mythos craziness, don't you?" "Agreed" Abby sighed, but she giggled as well. "That sounds amazing." "Goodbye, my child" Rhea said. "May the gods bless you. Good luck." She kissed the top of Abby's head before letting her go and walking out onto the porch. Abby heard Rhea converse with the others for a few seconds before she heard and rushing sound, and she knew Rhea had dissolved, back to Olympus. Abby sighed and walked onto the porch. "That's my mother for you" she said. "She's a nice woman" Leia said. "I hope to see her again." "Perhaps" Abby said. "Perhaps." Then she picked the air horn, and everyone covered their ears as she blew it to signal the end of free period. Chapter 43 : Proposal Summary: I'll betcha everybody can guess what happens in this part. After dinner Ben pulled Abby aside. "Can you come with me for a little bit" he asked quietly, so no one else in the crowded mess hall heard. Abby nodded. "Of course I can" she said. He took her hand and began leading her down one of the dirt paths around camp, one that led past the cabins and arena and armory and forge, all the way down to the beach. He stopped as near as he could guess to the spot where they'd kissed for the first time, all those years ago. "Ben" Abby said. "Now that we're alone.....I've got something to tell you. My mother, she's the Titan of Motherhood. She could sense the fact that I was pregnant, but that's not all." "Abby, is everything okay" Ben asked. "Everything is fine, it's not a bad thing, it's just a little overwhelming" Abby confided. "It's okay, you can tell me" Ben told her. She nodded. "I'm having twins" she said. He nodded slowly. "That's...." he began. "Great. That's really great." He smiled at her. "No really, that's awesome!" Abby started to smile back. "Now there's going to be two mini you's running around" Abby said with a small smile. Ben placed on hand on her stomach and the cupped the other around the back of her head, tilting her towards him. Her hair was shining, bathed in the silver light of the stars and moon. She was so beautiful, as always, but Ben knew she was so much more beautiful on the inside. "I hope at least one of them are like you" he said. Abby gave a small laugh. "I love you Ben" she said. "I really do love you." "Say it again" Ben asked. "Please." "I love you" Abby said, with every ounce of certainty she had poured into the three words. "I love you Ben!" Instead of kissing her, like she'd expected him to, he abruptly moved his hands, running them down her arms and taking her hands. He fell to one knee, and suddenly Abby knew what was happening. "Abby Grace" he began. "I love you." He sounded even more certain then her. "You saved me, you showed me how to be a better person. I probably shouldn't ask any more of you but.....will you marry me?" Abby's face lit up, and she didn't hesitate one second before answering. "Yes" she cried. Ben got to his feet, pulling her into his arms and kissing her full on the mouth. She threw her arms around them, and the stood like that for a long time in the moonlight. When they finally let each other go he reached into his pocket and produced a small box, opening it and showing her the glittering ring. She nodded, allowing him to take her hand and slip the ring onto her finger. "Oh Ben....." she said, unable to find the right words to say. He held one of her hands, placing his other on her belly, where their twins lay. "Ben I......" She tried to say something, but again failed to find the right words. He smiled at her. "I know" he said. Luke and Leia were ecstatic when they heard about Abby and Ben's engagement. Rey was a whole different story. She jumped to her feet, pumping a fist in the air. "I knew it" she yelled. "I knew it!" Leia, on the other hand, ran to Ben and embraced him. "Ben" she said. "I'm so proud of you." Abby and Rey sat next to each other, both giggling like little girls. "Poe and Finn can be flower boys" Abby suggested. She and Rey both burst into full-hearted laughter. "No, what about R2, 3PO, and BB-8" Rey countered. This made the two girls laugh even harder. "Wait, listen to this" Abby said. "There's this class we had here at Camp a few years ago. You would go around with a camera recording pranks people played on each other. Some of those pranks were called Gorilla weddings. You would just go up to two random people and begin a wedding ceremony. It was so funny, because there were these videos we took of this kid, Sam was his name, he would perform the ceremony and he used this really nasally priest voice.....like..." She paused, scrunching up her face in an effort to put her voice into falsetto. When she spoke again it was just as she'd said. Really nasally, but comical in a way. "He would just go-" *falsetto on* " Dearly beloved. We have gathered here today to witness the marriage of blah blah blah " *falsetto off* "You get the idea. It was the funniest thing." Rey and Abby were still laughing, and the falsetto voice Abby used only made them laugh harder. Once they both calmed down they were wiping tears from their eyes and gasping for breath. "Alright, this is meant to be taken seriously" Rey said. "Congratulations Abby. I'm really happy for you." She got up and turned to Ben. She held out her hand to him. "You too" she said. "And no hard feelings. Cousins, right?" "Right" Ben agreed, and he shook her outstretched hand. That's how those two made up. Luke and Leia walked over to Abby. They were both smiling warmly. "Abby" Leia said. "I don't know what to say." Abby stood. She was just a few inches taller then Leia and Luke (She was 5'10, being of Titan descent gave her a bit of extra height. But Ben's still taller. He was 6'2). Leia embraced her. "So I suppose I'll just congratulate you." Abby nodded. "Thank you Leia" she said. Luke joined the hug as well. Once everyone was done congrautlating the couple Abby started to grin even wider then before. "And now" she began. "Time for my ultimate humiliation." "What do you mean" Ben asked. Abby pointed to the waterfront hall, where people were filing in. "Movie night" Abby said. "And what does that have to do with you" Luke asked. "The movie they're showing. In honor of my last week at Camp-also, this was not my idea-they're showing the recording of when I acted in the play Into the Woods. Remember, my mom mentioned that? That means we all get to see how I played some magical old lady with a salad obsession. Wonderful." Rey opened her mouth to question, but Abby held up a hand. "That's just a comical shortened version of that character. Believe me, she's cooler then that. You'll see." And she led them off to the waterfront hall. Chapter 44 : Heroes Abby made no stops on her way to the campfire Friday night. Every single camper was there. No one had gone to bed early, everyone wanted to hear why Abby was leaving. She walked in and stood by the campfire. Everyone quieted down. The fire reflected the emotions of the crowd, and tonight it burned ghostly blue. "Tonight" Abby announced. "Is my last night at Camp Olympus. In the morning, when all of you wake up to start another day here, I will be gone." Arrangements had already been made that they would leave early that morning so they weren't stalled by the campers. Some of the younger kids sitting in the front rows stood up. Abby continued. "I am going with Ben" she said. "Because my talents are needed elsewhere." This had also been pre-arranged. Abby and Luke had agreed that the Jedi needed knowledge of the Greek gods, now that monsters, gods, and other beings of the Greek Myths were free to roam the galaxy. Abby was going to take up a job at the new Jedi temple and teach about Greek Mythology. A small girl ran forward from the front and tugged on Abby's pant leg. She looked about eight. "But Abby" she said, repeating the argument Abby had heard so many times that week from those who knew she was leaving. "This is your home! We're your family!" Abby shook her head sadly. "I'm going to have a new family" she told the girl, and held up her right hand. The engagement ring Ben had given her glinted in the firelight. Those old enough knew what it was before Abby even announced it. "I'm getting married to Ben" she said. Another young girl with mousy brown hair jumped out of her seat and ran in front of Abby. "You can't take Abby away from us" she yelled. "Shh, Emma" Abby chided, placing a hand on her shoulder. "That is completely mistaken. Nobody's taking me away. He asked me, and I said yes." Emma nodded. "And that's not all" Abby continued, standing up straight again. "I'm going to have a baby." This brought a chorus of gasping from the campers. An older kid from the Apollo cabin stood up. "A baby" he repeated. "Why haven't we noticed?" Abby blushed and placed a hand on her belly. "Well" she began. "I've only been pregnant for a few weeks now, and I'd rather not get into any trouble." "You defeated Kronos like that" another kid asked. "How?" "There was a big explosion" Abby supplied. Before she could say more a small boy with curly brown hair and blue eyes scurried up to her. "Abby" he said. "What if I have nightmares again? What if anyone does? What will they do?" Abby smiled at the boy. "Asher" she said. "You know that's what the counselors are for? Right?" She shoot a look in the direction of the Hermes cabin counselors, who all nodded vigorously. Abby ruffled the boy's hair. "See? I told you." Then two other kids, a blond girl and boy walked up to her. They looked about twelve. "Abby" the girl asked. "Who will be the activities director if you go?" "How will they love us as much as you do" the boy asked. Abby sighed. "What do you think would happen to me" she asked. "If I loved each and every single one of you as much as my own children?" The first girl blinked. "Does that mean you'll love your baby more then us" she cried. "Don't ask me to answer that" Abby said. "I don't want to hurt anybody's feelings. Look. I know the new activities director will love you guys. She already does." "She" the blond boy asked. Abby cleared her throat. "Will Adriana come forward?" Suddenly the flames of the campfire lept up in a column of flaming red, flickering and dancing and showering sparks. Adriana came down from her place with the Aphrodite cabin and the other kids all went back to their seats. Abby smiled at the young woman. "With the approval of Chiron and the Council of Olympus" Abby said. "I have decided to make you the next activities director at Camp Olympus." Adriana stared at Abby, open-mouthed. "You mean it" she asked. " Me ?" "You" Abby told her. "But only if you accept the job." Adriana glanced around at the campers, who were all waiting excitedly. She licked her lips feverishly, then met Abby's gaze. "I accept" she said. Abby nodded. "Here, take this" she said. "It's about time somebody took this away from me anyway." She handed Adriana the air horn and everyone laughed. "Okay, okay" Abby said, once everyone had quieted down. "I know we have a lot of inside jokes." "Jock dumping" someone yelled. "Reese's pieces" said another. "Troll in the dungeons" shouted a third. "And, yes, I regret nothing. Rick Riordan threw Percabeth in Tartarus" Abby continued. "But that's not the point. The point is that we learn things here. Things that connect us. Somebody tell me an important lesson you learned here at camp." A few kids raised their hands and she singled one out. "That it's good to work as a team, but you also have to know how to handle problems on your own" the girl said. "That's right" Abby acknowledged. "How about you" she said, singling another kid out. "Sometimes a person is bullying you because they're scared you'll bully them" said the boy. Abby nodded. "And those are all important lessons. You see, here at Camp we learn how to be heroes. But being a hero doesn't mean you defeated the Titans or was offered immortality by the gods. Being a hero can mean that you helped someone get through a hard time, or understood why someone was being mean. When I left here months ago I didn't exactly have an adventure. I don't know what to call it, but I learned something. That proves even I don't know everything about the world. I learned a lot of things actually, but that's a story for another day." Abby gave a short laugh. "Moving on, I learned that no one is without darkness. Not me, not you, not the gods. And you can never tell where it's hiding. You can never tell who it will take away from you, whether it is yourself or a person you love. Kronos may be gone, but the darkness is still there. That's why I give you a gift-but also a warning. The gift, it isn't a physical thing. Perhaps it's good memories or valuable lessons, but I want to leave this place and I want you to take away this message-don't give up, just because it seems like something is broken beyond repair. Don't allow yourself to say It's too complex, or I can't do it . Don't take something for it's appearance. But that's sound negative, with all the don'ts . Here, how about this. Never give up. Never stop fighting the darkness, and always, always, always, remember that someone is out there who is willing to help you. You might not know who that person may be, but they're there. That person might not look like what you've envisioned, but on the inside they'll be beyond your wildest dreams. Now that I've said that I think one final thing is in order." From behind her back she produced a spear impaled with marshmallows. "This is a campfire isn't it" she said. "Where's all the marshmallows?!" The counselors all picked up spears of marshmallows and crowded around the campfire, each cooking ten or fifteen at once. Abby roasted some and gave them away to the younger kids, before Adriana tapped her on the shoulder. She whispered something in Abby's ear, and Abby followed her out of the campfire area and to a spot nearby the woods. "What is it" Abby asked her. Adriana swallowed. "Are you sure about this" she asked. "Am I really the best person for this job?" "Why else would I have appointed you" Abby responded. Adriana shrugged. "Well then......any pointers or, I dunno, divine wisdom for me?" "I guess you don't want me to repeat the speech I just gave" Abby said. "No" Adriana acknowledged. "Its just........you set the bar kind of high. Like when you did that thing, slow motion jock dumping? I sure can't do that." Abby laughed aloud. "Adriana" she said. "You're under no obligation to do that! The kids will understand. You just do the best you can." Adriana began to smile. "Plus I finally get to take that accused air horn away from you" she joked. They settled into a comfortable silence, watching the campfire from afar and listening to the quiet of the woods. Adriana glanced at the bump on Abby's stomach. "I've been wondering" she began. "You said you were having a baby. How's your pregnancy going?" Abby looked surprised that had come up in the conversation, but she went with it. "Oh, just fine" she said quickly. "Apparently I'm having twins." "Twins" Adriana said, sounding amazed. "That's crazy." "You're telling me" Abby said. "Ummm, can I-" Adriana began, holding up her hands and making an awkward gesture towards Abby's stomach. It took Abby a second to realize what she wanted to do. "Oh, sure" she said. "It's so early, I doubt you'll notice anything, but sure." Adriana bent down and placed both hands on Abby's lower abdomen, closing her eyes. She didn't move for a minute or so. Then, abruptly, she withdrew her hands and her eyes flew open. "Abby, what's happening" she said, sounding alarmed. "I can sense........" All it took was the word sense for Abby to understand. "I knew it" she said. "Adriana, nothings wrong" she said, putting a hand on the young woman's shoulder. "I think you're Force-sensitive." "What does that mean" Adriana asked. "Is that bad, am I going crazy?" Abby shook her head. "No, it's not a bad thing. The Force is kind of like..........the net that holds the universe together, the power that keeps everything in place, the gods, us humans, the fabric of creation itself. It's a power within every person, and some people can use that power. You know Luke Skywalker?" "The old man" Adriana said. Abby sighed. "Yeah, I guess. He's a Jedi master. Jedi Knights are people who use the power of the Force for good and protect the galaxy from evil. Ben, he's Force-sensitive too. So am I, which means our children will probably be pretty powerful." "Ben is their father" Adriana said, almost in a questioning manner. Abby raised an eyebrow. "Who do you think it was, Zeus" she asked jokingly. Adriana shrugged. "Who knows? Zeus is always going around doing stuff like that." "You really think I'd let him? I'm his younger sister, which gets us to a whole new level of disgusting and creepy." "Yeah" Adriana agreed. "I guess that was kind of a stupid question, seeing as you're engaged to Ben. Anyway, thanks Abby. Thanks for the job. Chiron said this was going to have to be my last year as a counselor or camper. I've got no one in the mortal world to go to, and I don't have.......anything really. I'm a year-rounder, so I haven't even gotten a High School diploma. If you hadn't given me this job.......I might have ended up on the streets. Really, thank you." Abby smiled. "Adriana" she said. "You're welcome. I know I shouldn't play favorites, even when I have children of my own, but you've always been my favorite student. Wait...........maybe I shouldn't say student. You're a good friend. And I've got to thank you for that. Coming to my aid in the second Titan war.......that took guts, not to mention you attacked Kronos's vanguard first thing. I'm proud to give you the job of activities director. Something tells me you're going to do a good job." Abby embraced Adriana. "Will I ever see you again" Adriana asked. "Will your children come to camp?" Abby shrugged. "I honestly don't know. Perhaps." She pulled away from Adriana. "Now c'mon. We've gotta get back to the campfire. Who knows? All the marshmallows might be gone." They walked back. Adriana took her seat next to Chiron as activities director, and Abby went to sit with Ben and all the rest. "What was that about" Ben asked her. Abby shrugged. "Adriana just had some questions about the job, wanted a bit of encouragement. I think she'll do fine. She's Force-sensitive, after all." "How long have you known that" Ben asked her. Abby smiled knowingly. "All this time" she said. "Ever since she came to Camp, I could tell." "You just knew ? What about all the others" Ben continued. "All of them have a shred of Force-sensitivity, probably because of their godly blood, but that's not the point. They all have their own powers, they don't really need to use that" Abby informed. "Oh" Ben said. "How do you tell?" "Well" Abby began. "Remember what I said. I've seen a lot of these kids summer after summer, watched them grow up. Like I said before, we're connected by the lessons we've learned here at Camp. It's like a family. I'm usually the mother figure, and they're all the kids. I teach them everything I know, everything they need to survive in the mortal world. The real world." Abby looked towards the beach, where the city lights of Boston glowed on the horizon. It was that moment, those few sentences, that's when Ben realized. Abby was ready for this. She was ready to bear and raise her own children. He just wondered if he was. Chapter 45 : New Home The next morning Abby was up early, packing all her personal items up in a suitcase to take with her. Ben woke up to see her sitting on the floor in front of a suitcase, still in her pajamas, going through a box of items from the closet. She picked up a photo album and thumbed through the pages. "Oh, I remember this" she said aloud. " Di immortals , these were pictures from the trip! Hades yes, I'm taking this!" "What are you so excited about" Ben asked. It was pretty early, probably five-thirty, but Abby was already wide awake. "These pictures" Abby said. "To lighten the mood my first quest, cause we all had this feeling we were going to fail, every time we stopped we would take pictures and when we got back I put them together into this!" She tossed the album onto the bed and continued to rummage through the box. Ben sat up and picked up the book, opening to a random page. It was a few of Abby's old friends makings silly faces and posing on top of a bridge. "Where are these people now" Ben asked. "All my old friends" Abby asked, without looking up. She sighed. "Long gone. College, jobs, regular life, all that stuff. I haven't seen any of them in a few years." "Oh" Ben said, and he put the photo album down. "But that quest is awesome to remember" Abby said. "First quest, you know? Kind of-" Suddenly she stopped talking, her breath hitching in her throat. When she managed to speak again her voice was a whisper. "I didn't know you were still here" she whispered, reaching into the box. "Who" Ben asked, sounding alarmed. "There's someone in that box?" "I always thought it was someone" Abby admitted. "But no. It's just a stuffed animal." She pulled out a beat-up stuffed monkey. "I haven't seen this thing in years, completely forgot about it actually" she said. "Whoa, but I remember it's name." She began to laugh. "I forgot about this! I've had this for years, years , but for the first few years I didn't have a name for it. I just dragged it around the orphanage calling it monkey. Then I read this book series and named it after one of the characters, but that still isn't the funny part. The characters name was-" She paused, giggling like crazy. "Mr. Beaver, so I dragged this thing around calling it Mr. Beaver! Oh my gods, I completely forgot!" Once she was done laughing she put the stuffed animal down. "But I wonder what I should do with it" she said aloud. She continued shuffling around in the box, finding not much more of value. Just some of her old clothes and a dusty copy of the very first Percy Jackson book, The Lightning Thief. She left the clothes in the box and put the book with her small pile of things to keep. So far she had all the other Percy Jackson books in that pile, some clothes, the photo album, and the stuffed monkey. She began packing those things into the suitcase, which she had packed with clothes the night before. Ben watched her do this. Once she was done she zipped up the suitcase and stood. "Alright" she said. "Time to get ready." She went to the empty dresser where she had left out their clothes for that day. Everything else was packed up. The room seemed empty now. She looked around and sighed, then picked up her clothes and got dressed. Ben followed her example. At six a.m. they were both ready to go. Ben picked up the suitcase for her, despite her protests that she could do it, and they walked outside. Everyone else was already outside the Falcon. Chiron was also there. Adriana wasn't, despite being the activities director, she was spending her last night in her cabin. Abby hugged the old horse-man. Chiron hugged her as well. "I hope I'll see you again" he said. Abby shrugged and gave her usual answer. "Maybe. I honestly don't know. I'll be kind of busy..." "Isn't that right" Chiron said. "Well, I must say, you were one of the best activities directors. You've done well my friend. Now go. It's time to move on." Abby nodded and smiled at him. He smiled back. "Go on" he urged. Abby took one last look at the Camp over her shoulder, before boarding the Falcon. Rey and Ben were piloting, and once Abby was on board they took off. Abby sat down in the main hold with Luke and Leia. "Well" she said. "That was Camp Olympus for ya." She tapped her fingers against the holochessboard nervously. Leia smiled at her. "That was lovely" she said. Abby smiled a bit. "Thanks. I guess, if you want to be technical, they're all one big family anyway. But, with Greek Mythology, first lesson you learn: Nothing should be taken technically, so maybe that's why......." Her voice trailed off. "Maybe that's why Olympus is such a mess." "What do you mean" Leia asked. "The Olympian family.....you could call it the original model for dysfunctional family , and I mean really dysfunctional. Then, I suppose, no one there has DNA and no acts like they're related, but still . Maybe its a bit better to be away from there for a little while." Abby nodded. "No, its way better." Leia always had a bit of trouble understanding Abby Grace's family. Now she partially understood, or as much as a human could. Her mother had lost her to a kidnapping. She had grown up an orphan. According to her retelling's of her quests and the ordeal she'd been through when imprisoned at the First Order, plus a bit of inferring on Leia's part she had come to a conclusion. Kronos, or Supreme Leader Snoke, whatever you wanted to call him, was her father. And he was an abusive jerk. Her siblings were careless about her troubles and hogged her mothers attention. But, somehow, she had become the way she was. Caring, kind, and understanding of other people. Not violent, vain, angry, or dangerous like the rest of her family. Abby knew why she was different from the rest of her family, but a good different. She was mortal. Since immortals had no DNA her's had reverted to the normal human genes, giving her a fresh start. Yes, she had inherited the power of her family and the eyes of the Titans, but she was better then they were. And that meant her children would be like her, not like any Titan or Olympian. Powerful, yes, but.............and that brought her to Kronos's plot. As the father of the gods he knew how, when two choice beings came together, they could create a whole different, better type of their kind. That's what he had been after from Abby and Kylo Ren. A better breed of humans, more powerful and easily bent to his will. This had half-worked. Abby had succeed in conceiving not just one child, but two of Kylo Ren's children, but there were many problems in the plan now that Kronos was gone. The most obvious-Kylo Ren had turned to the Light. Now that he was Ben Solo again he would no doubt protect his children from any attempt the Dark side might make to get to them. To bend the children to his will Kronos had planned on raising them, from birth, to answer only to him, not even their mother and father. He'd probably planned on having their own children murder them and, being a Titan he'd probably see nothing wrong with it. Abby shuddered at the thought of that messed-up plan, the terrible fate the two children inside her might have suffered. Sometimes her luck extended to things she never even thought about, like her chance of conceiving twins. She grinned. How little she had thought about things like this, marriage and children, only a few years ago. Back before Ben turned to the Dark side maybe those thoughts had crossed her mind, but never often. Fleeting images of her and Ben, perhaps in a marriage ceremony or with a child. But, as a demigod, she didn't think about the future. As a demigod she thought about surviving day-to-day. Demigod was the closest word she could come up with to her condition, mortal but of two immortal parents. It was confusing, just like everything else about her life. The reason she hardly ever planned ahead was because, with her, it was so hard to. It was like the Fates were taunting her. Oh, you want to have a nice life with Ben? Nope! He should turn to the Dark side instead! Those were the kind of things that left her punching walls in anger. She sighed and got up, pacing around the main hold. It was time for a fresh start, the dawn of a new day. Someday (hopefully soon) she would wake up and find she was Ben's wife. Nine months from now she would wake up and find she was the mother of twin babies. Rhea had been right. She wasn't the activities director of a summer camp anymore. She was an expecting mother and a fiance. She had to play her part. Then Ben entered the main hold. He walked over to her. "You okay" he asked. "You look flustered." She shook her head. "I'm fine, I just have a lot to think about. Like a lot ." "I'll bet" Ben agreed. "Walking away from your childhood home-" "Don't" Abby cut in. "Please, just don't. I've already managed not to cry, let's keep it that way, shall we?" Ben looked down. "I should've thought before I said that" he admitted. "Sorry." "It's alright" Abby said. "But, aside from that" Ben continued. "Are you feeling alright?" "I'm fine" she said. "Why?" "I was just wondering." He smiled. "C'mon, I want you to see something." He took her hand and brought her to the cockpit, which Rey had vacated as well. They were in hyperspace. Ben had her sit down, then sat in the pilots seat. "The General gave me the ship" he told Abby. "Wait, I mean mom" he added quickly. Abby smiled. "So now it's our ship." Abby looked around at the old ship, one of the most famous ships in the galaxy. There was something nostalgic and heartwarming about the place. Abby remembered. Ben had shown her the basics of flying in this ship, after the second Titan war. She still remembered how to fly it. "It's our ship now" she questioned. "Ours" Ben confirmed. Abby sat back in her seat. "Gods of Olympus" she said. "You'd think my luck would run out, after all these years." "Or maybe" Ben said, scooting closer to her and putting an arm around her. "The Fates always wanted you to have a happy ending." He planted a kiss on her cheek. She smiled, and pulled him to her lips. Their deep kiss was interrupted by the bleeping of the hyperspace signal. Ben broke the kiss. "This is our stop" he said. "Now watch." He pressed the button, and they pulled out of hyperspace, hovering over D'Qar. Abby had seen stars before, she had seen views like this before, but something about this was so beautiful that it took her breath away. The stars glittering, surrounding the green planet. The rings of the planet encircled the area that the Falcon was floating in, massive rings of ice and dust. Seeing all this from her point of view, Abby was amazed. There was something......different about this. Something new and free. She felt as if she could finally stop and take it in, stop and smell the roses you might say. She knew her emotion showed in her face, because Ben smiled at her reaction. "I knew you'd like it" he said. Abby nodded. He turned back to the controls, bringing the Falcon in for a landing at the Resistance base. The Resistance was still recovering from the apocalypse (as Abby liked to call it), but it was recovering quickly. Not much major damage had been done. The earthquake Abby had summoned did do a bit of damage to the inner workings of the place, but everyone was too grateful to her for destroying the monster army to be mad about something as simple as that. Abby walked off the ship and looked around at what would be her new home for gods-knew-how-long. Snoke had been defeated and Kylo Ren was back on the Light side, but the First Order was still at large. Weakening, but still out there. Until the First Order was destroyed Leia insisted that Abby and Ben stay at the base, as they would be prime targets for the First Order. And that wasn't even counting their unborn children. Despite Snoke's death the First Order or Knights of Ren might still go after the twins. Abby wanted to help defeat the First Order, but Leia had taken her aside and explained that she shouldn't put herself in unnecessary danger or under unnecessary stress. Leia had said that, once they got back she should relax, make sure her pregnancy went as smoothly as possible. Abby was joined outside the Falcon by Rey, Luke, Leia, and Ben. Ben still had her suitcase. "Luke" Leia said. "Take Ben and Rey in please. I want to talk to Abby for just a moment." Luke nodded and led the two cousins inside. Leia pulled Abby back under the Falcon . "I know you probably won't believe what I said earlier" she began. "About not stressing yourself out and all that." Abby grinned. "That's weird, because I was just thinking about that" Abby remarked. Leia nodded. "And I know you probably would rather be fighting than sitting around" Leia said. Abby nodded. "I guess that's just part of who I am" she said. "But I really do mean it, it won't be good for you or the babies to be running around like that" Leia warned. "Of course I believe you Leia" Abby said. "Sure, maybe I'll get bored. Oh well. It'll be better in the long run, right?" "Right" Leia said. "I just wanted to make sure you understood, because I can tell you won't like sitting around and not helping defeat the First Order." Abby nodded. "Really" she said. "I'm sure I'll live. It's not like I haven't been bored before. Like when I was stuck in that room, I swear to every god in the Pantheon, if Ben hadn't been visiting I don't know what I would have done." "Good" Leia said. "You know I just want what's best for you. And your children." Abby nodded. There was something about the way Leia was treating her, something so familiar yet so alien it made her want to cry. "Leia" Abby said. "I don't know what to say. Nobody's ever-" "It's alright" Leia said. "You know I'm here for you? If you want to ask me anything, if you need any help, I'm sure I can see what I can do." Abby bit her lip, fighting tears. Leia was being so kind to her, even though it was practically Abby's own fault that Ben had turned to the Dark side. She had put every member of the Skywalker and Solo families in danger, yet here Leia was, treating her like she already was her daughter-in-law. Leia saw her face and-to Abby's surprise-embraced her. Abby shut her eyes, a tear finally slipping down her cheek. "Thank you Leia" she said. "Thank you for treating me like..........family." "Oh, Abby" Leia said. "You always were. I'm sorry if I never told you, but I was so happy when I first saw you and Ben. I just knew you two would end up in love, and here we are. Maybe it was more a hectic journey then I'd expected, but I always thought you'd be a wonderful daughter-in-law." Abby couldn't help it. She cried a little. Leia hugged her the whole time, because she finally understood. Abby was going through such a hard time and had been through so much already, a real family and home must have sounded like Elysium to her. It was the least Leia could do for the poor girl, accepting her as a part of the family and helping her through her pregnancy. Finally Abby finished crying. "Sorry, I just......." she said. "I've never been.....accepted like this before. How can I ever thank you?" "You can thank me" Leia said, letting her go. "By coming with me and seeing your room. I think you'll like it." Abby smiled, wiping her face and following Leia to her new home in the living quarters of the Resistance base. Chapter 46 : Gifts Everything was falling into place. It had been barely two months, but the Resistance had already been on countless successful battles with the First Order. Of course, they didn't win every single one, but the intel Ben had provided helped- a lot . And, just as Leia had said, Abby had other things to think about. Two months had passed, and her stomach had already swollen a considerable bit. It was easily noticeable now. Well, she was carrying twins, and she supposed twins would be a bit more noticeable than if she was only carrying one baby. But, even beyond that, Abby had more things to think of. Like how she was standing just outside the large room that the Resistance had reserved for formal events, wearing a white dress. A wedding dress. Abby was absolutely sure that she would never be able to thank Leia enough. The woman had gone out of her way to arrange Abby and Ben's wedding as soon as possible, despite all the other things she could have been doing. Was Abby nervous? Obviously. You didn't get married every day. But her excitement far outweighed that. Now all she had to do was wait for that door to open, and then the ceremony would begin. Ben waited nervously in the other room, standing on the dais that had been set up. He was absolutely dying to see what Abby looked like. She had made sure he didn't get to see her all day, but now he only had to wait a few more minutes. The guests were all seated. Everything was in place. Leia was there, along with Rey, Finn, Chewbacca, Luke (Luke was officiating), and few others from the Resistance. Sure, some of the Resistance was rather wary around Ben, but it was so hard not to like Abby that she had really assured everyone else they could trust him. Then the doors swung open and Abby was revealed to the room. Everyone stood and turned to get a better look at her. She was wearing a beautiful white dress that flowed off her frame in rivers of silk. As she walked down the aisle there was something about her-so commanding, beautiful, sexy, and powerful that everyone was left staring in awe. She held her head high, graceful with every step she took. Ben made up his mind-he had never, and never would, see a more beautiful being then his bride-to-be. Her hair was loose, falling down her back in soft curls. She stepped up to the dais, standing in front of Ben. He took her hands, trying to think of something to say. "Abby" he began. "You look........amazing." Abby smiled, a small pink blush creeping into her cheeks. "Thank you Ben" she said, and then the ceremony began. Luke spoke about a few things, marriage and how the Force connects people, then he asked the couple to recite their vows. Ben went first. He had been thinking about what he would say all day, and now he felt like he had something meaningful to say. "For the longest time I've been.....confused" Ben began. "About where I belonged. But I overlooked the fact that you were always there, and I didn't realize that you were all I needed. Yes, others have given me a place to stay, but I always felt most at home with you, you gave me a sense of direction. I made mistakes, I overlooked and forgot the fact that you would always be there for me. Being a person who can witness you-a woman with purpose, quality, and power -is a gift, a gift I was foolish to take for granted. But, deep down, I knew from the start, this day would come. We met in a different way, and you led me on marvelous adventures, for we are not mere ordinary people. We do what it takes to survive, but we are endlessly searching to be someone we can be proud of. And you helped me find myself. You may have felt unsure at times, but you never gave up on me. Like all marriages-even the ones that don't last-knowing I met someone as unique and elegant as you will always be a gift. It was a gift to let me be with you and let me witness what you have become, whether it is my wife. Or a goddess. Or a leader. Or a mother." Abby gave a small smile as he said that. "I know that you're strong" Ben continued. "And that you can do some great things, but, as your husband, I promise to take care of you, until our dying days. I promise to love you and take care of you, always." Everyone in the room was in awe. Hearing this man, who used to be so feared, confessing his love to a woman like a shy child, it was a bit overwhelming. Abby smiled, her heart warmed by how honestly Ben had professed his love for her. Now it was her turn. "Ben" she began. "You were the very first person to welcome me for who I was. You saw my faults and you looked at them with pride, you saw my fears and you helped me overcome them. You know what I was like in my darkest times, but you didn't let that taint the image you held of me. You treated me as an equal and friend, and you loved me because I was me , not some perfect vision of loveliness. You laughed, even when my jokes weren't funny, and you didn't judge me because of my past. I know I'm not perfect and I'll live with that, because nobody is. Maybe some people expected me to be perfect, but you helped me see that I didn't need to meet their expectations. You made sure to let me know that you loved me every single day we were together, and now we're finally going to be together for the rest of our lives. We have been through a lot together, it's true, but there is always more to learn, and I'm so happy that I get to spend the rest of my life with you, really knowing you. We have both tried to prove ourselves one way or another, but I think, by standing here, and by taking you as my husband, there is nothing more I could want...........then to be with you." After that there was silence, as if they all needed a moment to let the vows sink in. Finally Luke began the official vows. "Ben, do you take Abby to be your wife, bound by the power of the Force" he asked. Ben nodded. "I do" he said. "Abby, do you take Ben to be your husband, bound by the power of the Force?" "I do" she replied. Luke smiled. "I now pronounce you husband and wife" he said. "You may kiss the bride." Ben pulled Abby close, pressing his lips into hers. There was a round of clapping and cheering from the guests. Then the kiss ended and, arm-in-arm, Abby and Ben walked off the dais. And something else happened. Beforehand Abby had planned a bit of party magic, so the room began to change. Everyone stood up when the newlyweds walked off the dais, and then the chairs moved into place around tables that popped out of nowhere, everything falling into place just as planned. When everything was finished it looked amazing. Then all the lights went out, save for one just above Abby and Ben's heads. Candles burst into flame on all of the tables, lighting up the room. All the guests took seats at the tables, and then the music started to play. Ben took Abby's left hand in his right, placing his left on her waist. They began the dance. The song was one of Abby's favorites, by the artist Taylor Swift. And it was extremely appropriate for this event, as Ben had realized when Abby played a bit off her computer (which she had also brought with her) while he was around. The title of the song was Everything Has Changed . The party continued for the next few hours. There was food and cake and dancing, and everything was back the way it should be. Abby and Ben were a happy couple again, finally married, finally a proper family. When they left the room at the end of the party they weren't Abby Grace and Ben Solo anymore. They were one. Chapter 47 : The Wedding Night Summary: I know this is out-of-place, I've just been dying to write some Kylo Grace smut lately, so here you go! Warning: NSFW! Ben and Abby walked back to their room, arm-in-arm, as the party was finally over. The minute the door shut Ben pulled her into a kiss. What now dearest? He asked through their connection, with had grown stronger then ever thanks to their marriage. Oh, I don't know. Abby responded. So no fooling around? Why would we? I'm already pregnant. Ben didn't reply, only continued to kiss her, much more deeply then before. He pulled her closer to him and broke their kiss, before sitting down on a nearby chair and pulling her into his lap. She blushed furiously as he slowly dragged his hand up her leg, starting at her ankle. He used his other hand to caress her erect nipples, while planting small kisses on the back of her neck. His hand reached her panties and he pushed them aside, down her legs and off, giving him full access to her entrance. He pinched her nipple, causing her to give a squeak of surprise. "Gods, Ben..." she whimpered as he traced his fingers through her soaking folds, finding she was just as wet for him as ever. He smirked at this, finding her clit and stroking it, causing her to moan. "You know you want me to do this" he muttered to her. She sighed with pleasure. "Yes" she agreed. "Yes, please Ben." She pushed her hips up against his hand, and he gleefully continued touching her in the most intimate of places. He slipped his other hand underneath the neckline of her dress, clutching her breast. Then, without any warning, he plunged his fingers into her weeping entrance, causing her to cry out. She pressed her mouth against his neck to stifle her moans as he pounded his fingers into her. Her legs spread wider for him, raising her skirts higher up her leg. Ben didn't care, he wanted the dress off her anyway. He ran his thumb through her folds, rubbing it in circles against her clit. "Yes, Ben, please, right there" she babbled, whimpering with pleasure. He pressed his lips against the back of her neck, planting a line of kisses along her shoulders. He pinched her nipple again, flicked her clit, and she burst into an orgasm. He held her as she cried out and her juices gushed over his hand. She took a moment for her body to calm down, while he pulled his hand out from under her dress and sucked his fingers clean. "Force, Abby, you taste so good" he said. She took a deep breath and slid out of his grip. "Your turn" she said, sitting on her knees in front of him. She unbuttoned his pants and pulled them off. He was wearing tight black underwear that perfectly revealed his growing erection. She removed these as well, running her hand down the length of his cock. She didn't take him right away, instead teasing him and running the tip of his cock along her closed lips. A bit of his pre-cum spilled onto her lips, and she licked them, pulling his taste into her mouth. "Ugh" he groaned. "Don't tease me." Abby smiled up at him, her eyes flickering with desire. "Believe me, I want this as much as you do" she said, and then she took him in her mouth. He tried to stifle another moan as she began working her hand and mouth along his shaft in perfect synchronization. He grabbed the back of her hair, pushing her to take all of him. She did this, despite his large size, dragging her tongue up the base of his cock. Her other hand slid up his chest, forcing him to stay still as she continued to swirl her tongue along his shaft. She was extremely pleased by the sounds he was making, pleased that she was doing this to her husband. Ben's grip on her hair tightened as he drew closer and closer to the brink. "Oh Force, I'm gonna cum" he cried, giving Abby a fair warning, but she didn't mind. She circled the tip of his cock one last time with her tongue, and then he came, his hot cum spurting down her throat. She let him go, but he felt himself grow hard again almost immediately. She rose from her position on the floor, standing in front of him. "Abby" he ordered. "Take off your dress." She smiled, and grabbed a fistful of the silky material that made up her wedding dress, pulling it over her head and off, tantalizingly slow. Maybe some women had trouble looking sexy with a pregnant belly, but Abby managed to pull it off. Whatever the case, Ben wanted to take her. He reached out and grabbed her hips, pulling his wife onto his lap. He kissed her neck, taking his time with the foreplay. Abby tilted her head, catching his lips with hers. Their kissing became more heated as it went on, their bare arousals touching. Abby whimpered as Ben rubbed his cock over her cunt lips, lubricating himself for what was to come next. "My wife" Ben whispered. "You're my wife, and I'm going to take you right here, right now. You're going to scream my name." Abby gave a small moan as his cock rubbed against her clit, the friction driving her wild with pleasure. Ben kissed her again, their tongues moving gracefully in each others mouths. He ran his hands over her stomach, which was swollen with their twins, up her rib cage, and began fondling her breasts. The sounds she was making in the back of her throat were driving him insane. He wanted her so very badly. He moved his hands back down, grabbing her slim hips and adjusting her ever so slightly, so the tip of his cock was waiting just outside her entrance. She allowed his control, and she reveled in it. Then, tortuously slow, he pushed himself into her. She rested her head on his neck, her walls stretching to accommodate his size. His jaw clenched and her drove himself into her, completely filling her. They stayed still for a moment, before he began to move, pulling himself out of her until just the head of his cock remained enclosed by her walls, and driving in again, burying himself up to the hilt inside of her. Her moans were loud enough for anyone outside their room to hear, but neither of them cared. Right then the only thing Ben cared about was making the woman in his lap scream his name. "Ben" she cried, clenching harder around him. Ben could tell his wife was on the edge. He cupped his hand around her chin, forcing her to look into his eyes. "Go on then" he told her. "Cum for me." The look she gave him...something soulful shimmering in her eyes, like they really were connected, and could never be separated. He leaned forward to kiss her once more, and her orgasm tore through her body. Her walls clenched around his stiff member, spasming as pleasure crashed down on her-on both of them, because her orgasm brought Ben over the edge as well. "Abby" he cried, cumming with a violent yell. Once it was over they both sat together, relaxing their spent bodies. Her chest rose and fell rapidly, and her head rested against his shoulder. He pressed his face into her hair, breathing in the vanilla scent of it. "I'm so lucky to have you" he muttered to her. "Ben" she said. "I couldn't ask for a better person to be with. I can't believe I get to be with you." She actually sounded a little bit shocked. He stood up, lifting her up, bridal-style, and carried her to their bed, laying her down and lying beside her. Her kissed her forehead, then scooted down to kiss her swollen belly. She smiled when he did this, sighing happily. "Finally" she said. "We're going to be a proper family." Chapter 48 : Epilogue-A Proper Family The twins came in April. It had been a hectic journey to get them, but when Ben saw the beautiful baby girl and boy, he knew it was worth it. He and Abby were allowed to take them back to their rooms two days after their birth, once it was confirmed that both the twins and their mother were healthy. They had named the older child-a girl-Dawn, for Abby had always liked the name. The younger one-a boy-had been named Han, after Han Solo, not to mention that the two names went together rather well. That night Ben was woken by one of his children crying. He looked over at Abby, but she was fast asleep. So he sighed and got up, walking across the room to the two cribs that the babies were supposed to be sleeping in. The one crying was Dawn. When she saw him she reached up with her small arms, and he picked her up. "Shh" he muttered to her. "It's okay, daddy's right here, daddy's got you." Dawn stopped crying after a moment, relaxing in his arms. He held her for a few minutes, and she slowly fell back into sleep. Ben kissed her tiny head and put her back in her crib, before walking back to bed and lying down beside Abby. He looked at his wife, and he saw her face twist with just the hint of a smile. "You were awake the whole time, weren't you" he said. She smiled widely, opening her eyes and rolling over to look at him. "I had the feeling you could do it" she whispered. He put his arms around her, pulling her close to him. "You were right" he confirmed. "Finally, we get to be a proper family." He repeated what she had said months before on the eve of their wedding. Then he kissed her, before falling asleep to the silence of their home. -Author- I'm sorry to say this, but that's the end. Of this book. Yes, I am guaranteeing a sequel to this book! It'll be set fifteen years after this book, when the Jedi have risen again and the First Order is gone. But that doesn't mean all evil is gone from the universe, evil is by no means gone. And the forces of darkness want revenge on the Solo family for destroying their master, Kronos-wait a moment, I'll spoil the entire thing by telling it now! Lets just say we're heading for a whole new adventure, and this one will be even crazier then the one before. In the meantime you guys can check out my other books, Unstoppable, or Kylo Grace Oneshots. I'm going to be updating Unstoppable soon, no worries! I hope you enjoyed this book, and if you did leave kudos, comment, and tell your friends! Abby Grace still has a few tricks up her sleeve that you would not want to miss out on, so I guess I'll see you in book 2! Thanks for reading! XOX, AbbyGrace31415 P.S. You guys get another reward for reading the authors note! Multiple GIFs of Adam Driver, because why the actual Hades not?! Love you all! I'll see you in another story my friends. Series this work belongs to: Part 1 of the The Original Kylo Grace series Next Work  Works inspired by this one: Kingdom Come-Star Wars The Force Awakens Prequel by AbbyGrace31415