Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Kyle Renn couldn’t understand why Armitage Hux had considered it a good idea to throw a cocktail party for him. If all went to plan, his time at the London offices of Snoke Industries would be brief. He hoped to be back in New York by the end of the week. Popping Champagne corks could wait until the most important deal of his career, and indeed his life had been finalised. He hated social events and his British counterpart didn’t strike him as the frivolous type, either. Kyle did note, as he glanced around the room, that the majority of the guests were movers and shakers. Hux had invited fellow CEOs, a select few politicians and influential media representatives. It wasn’t so much a party as an opportunity to do business with pretty-looking alcoholic drinks for distraction. Petra, Hux’s Amazonian assistant, tossed back her platinum blonde hair and thrust a glass containing a red-coloured cocktail at him. “Ginger bitch?” she said with a wink. Kyle eyed it with suspicion. “It’s Jägermeister and Schnapps mixed with cranberry juice,” Petra explained. “It sounds positively disgusting,” he frowned and quickly discarded it on a nearby mantle. “Is everything in place for tomorrow’s meeting?” “Yes, sir,” the tall blonde smiled through her blood-red lipstick. “Skywalker requested a more informal setting so Mr Hux told me to book a table for dinner at Gordon Ramsey’s place.” “That’s not what we agreed on,” Kyle fumed as he glared daggers in Hux’s direction. “I need to speak to him now.” Trust his Uncle to try and make things personal. It was business, pure and simple. Since he joined Snoke Industries, he had taken over dozens of failing companies. He would be going after this one regardless of any family connection. His ginger-haired associate was trapped in a conversation with a bespectacled older man. “That’s the Secretary of State for Defence,” Petra informed him. “If you want SkyTech to be frozen out when the air defence contracts come up for renewal, you’d better let Mr Hux work his magic.” Renn wasn’t in the mood to wait. He had the beginnings of a headache and the clinking of glasses and incessant chattering wasn’t helping. The effects of jet-lag were kicking in after his late-night flight from New York. He could never sleep on planes. Business came first, and he’d gone straight to the London offices of Snoke Industries to check up on where Hux was with the Skywalker deal. Kyle headed for the door. “Have my driver bring the car around,” he ordered. Petra threw a panicked glance in her boss’s direction. “He’s leaving,” she silently mouthed as the raven-haired executive disappeared outside. Hux broke away from the politician he had been attempting to schmooze. He scuttled after Renn with the hopes of persuading him to rejoin the party. “My limo got buried behind all these other cars,” Kyle huffed with annoyance as he looked around for an escape route. A silver 1960s Aston Martin DB5, exactly like the one James Bond drove in Goldfinger, took pride of place outside the house. Parked away from the others, it was easily accessible. “Whose is that?” He inquired as he stomped towards it. “Mine, why?” Hux started to get nervous; it was his pride and joy. “Give me the keys,” Kyle demanded. “I’ve got a whole stack of paperwork to go over and I need to prepare for my meeting with Skywalker.” “I’m sure we can get your limo out.” Hux frantically gestured at the chauffeur who eyed the cars blocking him in and shrugged. Kyle’s mood turned darker. “Why the hell did you set up that dinner? You knew I wanted Skywalker to come to the office. I know his tricks and he won’t get inside my head. I’m not that fucking naive kid he used to know.” Desperate to avoid inflaming him any further, Hux reluctantly pulled the car keys from out of his pocket. “You will remember to drive on the right side of the road, won’t you?” he fretted. “Do you even know how to get to Mayfair from here?” “Doesn’t it have sat-nav?” Kyle flicked his raven tresses from his eyes as he got behind the wheel of the Aston Martin. “It’s a classic car!” Hux exclaimed with exasperation. “You should wait until we can get the limo out. There are lots of wrong turns you could take in the dark.” “I’ll find my way.” Kyle had already started the engine. “I’ll see you in the office first thing to go over the SkyTech numbers one last time.” He roared off before his redheaded associate could protest any further. Rey forgot to change her alarm from the radio setting, and so she was rudely awoken by Madonna singing Like a Virgin. She rolled her eyes and groaned but let it play as she reluctantly crawled from under the duvet. Sleep hadn’t come easily and she didn’t feel rested for the task ahead. The final demand letter from the landlord lay open on the table where she’d left it. On her way from her room to the bathroom, she eyed it with renewed worry. The increase in rent along with all the other bills that were overdue meant more was due to be paid out this month she had coming in. With her flatmate temporarily incapacitated due to a broken leg, courtesy of being knocked off his bicycle by a careless driver, she had little choice but to pick up the slack. If they wanted to avoid being kicked out by their landlord, she needed to come up with the extra money and fast. “You in tonight or not, babe?” Finn called from their cosy living room. “I could call out for pizza.” Toothbrush in hand, Rey poked her head around the bathroom door. “I’ll be out until late, maybe all night.” There was a frothy moustache around her top lip from the toothpaste. Finn knew what she intended to do. “We’ll find the money somehow.” He turned his sorrowful brown eyes away in shame as he knew their other options were all but exhausted. “You’ve already burned through your savings and you don’t get that cast off until next week.” Rey didn’t want him feeling bad. He would do the same for her if their roles were reversed. “I already called the agency and they can’t get me any extra clients until next week. Sheila gave me the name of a friend of hers in Soho. It’s only for a few nights and I’ll be careful.” She disappeared back into the bathroom to finish getting ready. “I just don’t like it, okay,” Finn slumped back on their well-worn couch in frustration. It wasn’t the life Rey would have chosen for herself, but it would keep a roof over their heads. The harsh lessons she learned as an orphan in successive care and foster homes taught her to stop waiting to be rescued. She brushed her hair, deciding to leave it down and carefully applied her makeup. Her push-up bra made the best of her small bosom and the skimpy black dress she’d chosen complimented her slim figure. After making sure to fill her handbag with essential supplies, she pulled on her knee-high black boots. “If you get into any trouble call me, okay?” Her best friend insisted. Finn loved her more than anything, she knew that. Almost from the first moment they met in a group kid’s care home, they'd been inseparable. Rey felt the same way about him. He had been there for her when no one else gave a damn if she lived or died. They were a family in every way that mattered. She went over to the couch and hugged him tight around the neck, being careful not to smudge her makeup. “Everything is going to be all right,” she said to reassure herself as much as Finn. He took her hand and pressed a kiss to it. “Take care of yourself, peanut, I love you.” Rey headed for the door, it felt good to matter to someone. She turned back and smiled. “Love you too.” Grateful for a warm autumn night, Rey made her way through the bustling pub and theatre crowds into Soho. The neon lights and pulsing music were pulling inebriated punters in like magnets. A well-built guy with breath that smelled of beer and curry propositioned her. She declined, hoping the brothel she was heading for would offer a better class of clientele. Rey knew the chances of that were slim, she wasn’t a fool. Her escort work brought her mainly businessmen and bored husbands looking for a bit of spice. This would bring mostly drunken idiots wanting cheap pleasures to end their night out on a high. Briefly distracted by her unhappy thoughts, Rey didn’t notice a car pulling up beside her. The driver wound the window down and called out to her in a gruff American accent making her jump. “Can you give me directions to Mayfair?” “Sorry, what?” she gasped, taking in the appearance of the dark, brooding man behind the wheel. He wasn’t what she would call conventionally handsome. However, he had dreamy brown eyes, full sensual lips and a tousled mane of raven hair. Rey smiled; her clients didn’t have to be attractive, but it helped. Mostly, she tried not to think too much about it. Sex for money was a service she provided and it meant nothing to her beyond that. “Mayfair,” the man with the deep voice repeated. “I need to find my hotel.” He knew about Soho and the kind of girls one could find there if so inclined. His life was too ordered and controlled to give into base desires on a whim. Rey took a moment to appreciate the sight of a classic 1960s Aston Martin DB5 in prime condition. “Great car,” she exclaimed unable to resist reaching out to stroke the bonnet. Kyle raised his eyebrows as he watched the sweeping motion of her hand. It wasn't as if he’d gone in search of sex with a stranger, but the pretty brunette was putting ideas in his head. “You wanna see how it feels from the inside?” he asked, searing her with his smouldering gaze. Getting into a stranger’s car wasn't something Rey ever took lightly, but potentially, she’d struck gold with this guy. She slipped into the passenger seat. “I can definitely get you to Mayfair or anywhere else you want to go,” she vowed with a seductive smile. Kyle had never picked up a prostitute, but this girl - there was something about her. “Turn left at the end of this road,” Rey instructed in an urgent tone. She had been savouring the feel of the buttery leather upholstery against her skin and almost missed it. The man driving the car did as she commanded, attempting to keep his attention on the road. “What’s your name?” He asked as he pulled up to the lights. Rey turned to him with mischief dancing in her hazel eyes. “What would you like it to be?” He threw her a look of exasperation, clearly not in the mood to play games. “My name is Rey,” she answered, sensing danger in his dark features and wondering if she’d made a mistake in getting into his car. Her eyes roved over his well-toned body. His charcoal designer suit, shirt, silk tie and black leather shoes probably cost more than she could earn in six months or more. The inequality of wealth distribution in the world momentarily angered her. But maybe this guy started out from nothing too and worked hard for what he'd got. “Where do you need to get to in Mayfair?” Whatever their destination, it was sure to make her pokey flat in Bermondsey look like a hovel in comparison. “Claridges,” he replied, “Do you know it?” “Of course, I take afternoon tea there all the time,” she quipped. Kyle considered that he might have made a mistake. The girl got blood pumping to his crotch, but her personality was entirely too sparky for him. When she smiled, her radiance dazzled him. “It really is great to see an old Aston Martin in such tip-top condition.” Rey chattered on, breaking the uncomfortable silence. “I used to help strip down old cars for parts. Nothing as fancy as this, though.” She reached over to lightly skim her index finger over the polished wood steering wheel rim. He mused on the tiny nugget of information she’d revealed about her past. She must have been dealt a rough hand in life to end up as a prostitute. But try as he might, he couldn’t picture her in an auto breakers yard. “I guess your current profession pays better than trading old gearboxes.” Kyle appraised her cheap attire with disdain. Whatever she spent her money on; it wasn't the quality of her clothing or shoes. Rey noted his silent judgement and anger bubbled up inside her. But beggars couldn't be choosers. “I mainly do escort work,” she explained, “It pays better and I have regular clients.” “How much do you charge?” As a businessman, he liked to know the figures up front. Rey spied his platinum Rolex as he turned the steering wheel and his cuff slid down. Whatever she asked, he could undoubtedly afford it. “Two hundred and fifty pounds for an hour,” she stated, not daring to meet his eyes. That wasn't what she would have charged the drunken guys back in Soho. Not that any of them would have lasted that long. But this was her chance to make some decent money. Besides, Mr Fancy-Pants-Aston-Martin probably considered such a sum small fry. Another left turn took them into Mayfair and Claridges loomed into view. Kyle pulled up outside and they got out to let the valet take over. He towered above her, even in her high-heeled boots. Lapsing into awkward silence, Rey suspected tall-dark-and-brooding was having second thoughts, “You're under no obligation here.” She bit back her disappointment at potentially losing a chance to make some of the extra rent money she needed. “Give me the cab fare back to Soho and we’ll call it quits.” Kyle recognised the desperation in her hazel eyes despite her bravado. He couldn’t pinpoint exactly what it was about her that attracted him so much. The price of fucking her, he suspected, would cost him more than the contents of his wallet. “I’m staying in one of the best suites in the hotel.” He didn't mean it as a boast. “I'd like you to be my guest.” Rey nodded a small smile on her lips. “What’s your name?” It was a straightforward question, but he looked evasive for a moment. “Kyle,” he eventually replied. For some reason, she got the feeling he wasn’t telling her the truth. “You don’t look like a Kyle,” Rey teased, giving him a sceptical glance. “No?” He tilted his head as he imagined coming all over her pretty face. “What do I look like?” “Trouble,” she winked at him. His lips twitched as if he might smile. It wasn’t something he did often, and he managed to catch himself just in time. “Shall we?” Rey let him lead her into the hotel lobby. Her eyes widened as she gaped at the Art Deco opulence on display. “Oh my God,” she muttered under her breath. She attracted a few disapproving glares from some of the guests. A couple of older men regarded Kyle with envy much to their female companion’s disgust. “Good evening Mr Renn.” The hotel receptionist greeted him with a cheery smile. “You have a message,” the young woman said as she handed him a card. Kyle nodded his thanks and ushered Rey towards the lift. He read the note and scrunched it up in his hand. Trust Hux to get Petra to call about his precious car. “Not bad news, I hope.” The girl seemed genuinely concerned. He caught his reflection in the mirror at the back of the elevator. The sullen expression he wore reflected his near-constant state of dissatisfaction with the world. “Just the owner of the Aston Martin checking I didn’t damage it.” Kyle pictured taking the keys and indiscriminately scratching at the paintwork. “The car doesn’t belong to you?” Rey hoped he wasn’t a fake. “I usually get driven everywhere for work, but I do have a Ferrari 250 GTO in black.” It had been a gift from his benefactor, Randolf Snoke. The elevator dinged and the lift attendant manually pulled back the antique brass door to let the occupants exit. “Have a good evening sir, madam,” he said with a courteous smile. Rey had never been anywhere this luxurious in her whole life. She couldn’t help gawking in wonder at the plush surroundings as Kyle led her to the door at the end of the hall. He slipped the key card into the slot and gestured for her to enter the room. “Bloody hell,” she gasped, stepping into the tastefully decorated sitting area. Her companion headed straight for the table where he his briefcase and laptop sat. “Do you want a drink or anything?” He inquired as he took a seat on the couch and pulled out a stack of files. The girl had wandered out onto the terrace. “You don’t have to wine and dine me,” she said, turning away from the view over Mayfair’s rooftops. “We both know what I’m here for.” Kyle watched her for a moment as the breeze fanned out her hair. It wasn’t like he planned on picking up a prostitute and now he had her; he wasn’t quite sure where to begin. His headache had faded but the effects of the jet-lag made him doubt his stamina. Rey sashayed towards him. “Here or in the bedroom?” she asked as she pulled a condom from her bag. He eyed the foil square; secretly nervous his fatigue would hinder his performance. The SkyTech business deal had unsettled him, he couldn’t deny it. Perhaps he’d had an unconscious need to blow off steam and that’s why an attractive young woman was currently straddling his lap. “The clock’s ticking so maybe you could tell me what you’d like to do.” She slipped off her boots. Rey ran her hands over his bulging biceps as she moved to loosen his tie. Kyle felt the stirrings of arousal as she brushed over his crotch. As their eyes met, he got the strangest feeling like she could see into his mind and he wondered if she felt it too. Her fingers were tracing patterns across his broad chest and his pants were suddenly too restrictive. “I don’t think an hour is gonna be long enough for what I want to do to you,” he murmured no longer concerned about rising to the occasion. “How much for the whole night?” For a moment, Rey could hardly believe her luck. She didn’t want to risk antagonising him by asking for too much, but one night with him could save her so much trouble. “A thousand pounds,” she said with as much confidence as she could muster. Something told him she would be worth every penny. “Done,” he said, sliding his large hands around her waist. Rey couldn’t help letting out a whoop of joy. “It will be the best damn money you ever spent,” she promised, peeling off her dress and grinding against his erection as she shimmied out of it. “I don't kiss on the mouth, but I've got the rest covered.” Kyle gave a throaty growl as her lips trailed their way down his taut stomach. She gazed up at him through thick lashes as she worked on undoing his belt buckle and pants. His eyes followed her progress, watching as she reached to free him from his underwear. He sucked in a breath as her soft fingers stroked his hard cock, working up and down his considerable length. His back arched as she pumped faster, occasionally pausing to swirl her tongue around his sensitive rim. She savoured the salty tang of his pre-cum as she lapped at his gleaming slit. He unclasped her bra, massaging her pert tits with his generous hands. His teasing of her nipples sent shockwaves to her core, leaving her slick and throbbing. With every bob of her head, he could feel the exquisite pressure in his balls building. His orgasm hit like a bolt of lightning. He could do nothing but shout an expletive as he emptied himself into her welcoming mouth. Rey hummed her appreciation as she swallowed his hot cum. With one last slow suck, she released his sated cock. “That was fucking mind blowing,” Kyle gasped as he fell slowly back to earth. She stood up wearing only her panties and, her hand outstretched to him with the promise of further ecstasy in her eyes. “We’re only just getting started.” Notes: ETA - I had to change Hux's name to his canonical one, as confirmed in Chuck Wendig's Aftermath: Life Debt novel. Armitage is just too perfect. Chapter 2 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Kyle stood under the almost scalding water from the shower pondering his actions. His skin tingled as he washed off the smell of sex. A stack of paperwork for the biggest deal of his career awaited his attention and he'd just spent an amazing couple of hours fucking a prostitute. The upcoming meeting with his estranged Uncle had opened old wounds. Bad habits were resurfacing and he could not afford to be reckless now. He turned off the shower and reached for his towel determined to get some work done. His resolve wavered for a moment when he stepped into the bedroom and saw Rey, her brown hair fanning out over the pillows as she slept soundly. Kyle's full lips curved into a small smile as he watched her. He thought about how he'd taken from behind on that bed, pounding mercilessly into her until they both reached their peak. After two explosive orgasms, it surprised him when he'd got it up a third time. She had given his cock the kiss of life and rode him until he saw stars. Her tits were barely covered by the bed sheet and despite his previous exertions; he could feel the stirrings of arousal. This girl turned him on like none before. When he was inside her everything else melted away. But he couldn't afford to lose his head. With one last lingering look at her, he walked away. A few hours later and the alarm on his watch beeped. He had managed to grab some sleep on the couch. The preparation for his meeting with Luke Skywalker would continue throughout the day. But first, he needed coffee and lots of it. His phone hadn't rung and so he plucked it from his jacket pocket to check for messages only to find it drained of power. It wasn't the first time he'd forgotten to put it on charge. Kyle cursed under his breath and reached for the hotel phone. He called Hux's number and was unsurprised when his assistant answered. "Petra, I need you to make sure Mr. Snoke gets sent a copy of the SkyTech proposal. He's given me the authority to sign off on the deal, but he wants to be kept informed every step of the way." He ended the call just as the hotel porter arrived with his breakfast order. A moment later, Rey stepped out of the bedroom, wearing one of the complimentary fluffy hotel robes. She made for an adorable sight, standing awkwardly in the sitting room with her sleep tousled hair. "You err, probably have a lot to be getting on with," she mumbled, "I'll get my stuff and be on my way." Kyle found he wasn't ready to let her go. As a rule, he didn't let people get close to him. Sex satisfied an urge and once he got what he wanted his interest waned. Usually, he couldn't get his sexual conquests out of the door fast enough. But this one, he felt an unfamiliar reluctance to part with her. "I ordered us some breakfast." He gestured towards the table. "You must be hungry. Please, join me." Rey smiled and thanked him, feeling a little thrown by the unexpected turn of events. It felt strangely intimate to be sharing a meal with him, more so than two strangers having sex. She thought he'd want her to leave as soon as possible. A selection of pastries had been laid out on the table and she chose a blueberry muffin. The sunshine warmed her face as she wandered over to the terrace and took a bite of her breakfast. "I, um, hope you slept well." Kyle fumbled, never one for small talk, especially with women he'd slept with. She walked back to the table and took a seat, flinching slightly from the soreness between her legs. "Yes, I slept like a log, thanks." She gazed in appreciation at the way he filled out his light blue shirt. "Did you manage to get any rest?" "I grabbed a few hours on the couch," he said turning back to the emails on his laptop he'd been working on. Rey saw the SkyTech logo emblazoned on the front of a folder. She knew of it because there had been a recent news report about their experimental passenger spaceliner designs. The company, which had been called Sky-Solo Systems, floundered six years previously when a test flight of their new military stealth jet ended in disaster. But when Sky-Solo Systems merged with Dameron Enterprises soon afterwards, they seemed to get back on track. Paolo Dameron was famous for being a former astronaut and the youngest ever American in space. "You work for SkyTech?" Rey tentatively inquired. Kyle shifted in his seat, obviously discomfited, and she was sorry she asked. He scowled, his full lips set in a pout. "No, I'm the CEO of Snoke Industries," he explained, avoiding meeting her questioning gaze. "We take over smaller, failing companies." "I thought SkyTech were one of the leading aero and astronautic companies in the field." Admittedly, her knowledge on the matter was limited, but the news report certainly implied as much. "You're a business expert as well as a hooker, are you?" Kyle sneered. His harsh words stung and Rey decided the time had come to leave. "I'm sorry, I shouldn't have said anything." She pushed away her breakfast plate and picked up the wad of money he'd left out for her. "Thanks for the breakfast, but I don't seem to have much of an appetite after all." Kyle leapt up to block her escape route. He regretted belittling her and felt an uncharacteristic urge to fix it. "I've been working round the clock for months on this deal." He raked a hand through his hair, looking sheepish. "SkyTech have problems that aren't in the public domain." It wasn't exactly an apology, but it was the best he could muster. Rey nodded, accepting that he was under pressure and didn't mean to upset her. She still thought it best if she left as soon as possible. Sex with him hadn't felt like work. Usually, she had to fake her orgasms, but he'd got her gushing like a geyser. She had kissed the constellation of moles on his face as she'd ridden his cock to the heights of ecstasy. The sexual chemistry between them was so strong that if they'd met under different circumstances, Rey liked to think they would have ended up in bed together one way or another. But no good could come of letting her mind wander any further down that path. He wasn't her Prince Charming and happily-ever-afters were for fairy tales and fools. She had texted Finn as soon as she awoke to let him know she was okay, but he would worry if she wasn't home soon. "Would you mind if I took a quick shower before I leave?" Rey asked, heading for the bathroom. Kyle's phone started ringing. "Sure, help yourself," he said as he went to answer it. Hux wanted assurances his precious Aston Martin would be treated with care. Kyle rolled his eyes and promised he would be returning it in pristine condition. His colleague seemed satisfied and started droning on about his upcoming meeting with his estranged uncle. "Skywalker's business partner is in town, so he will be joining you both for dinner this evening." "Ah, yes, the ever charming Paolo Dameron." Kyle had never met the man but he imagined the much-trumpeted national hero would make for insufferable company. "I really think you ought to have someone with you," Hux fretted. "I could clear my schedule for the evening, but it would probably be better if you took a female companion, someone to distract their attention and stop things from getting too heated. I happen to have the numbers of some suitable attractive ladies." "No, you don't," Kyle objected as he headed towards the bathroom, "Besides, I've already got one." "I thought you didn't know anyone in London?" Hux queried with suspicion. Rey had turned the radio on in the shower and was singing along to it. " He met Marmalade down in old New Orleans Struttin' her stuff on the street She said "hello, Hey, Joe, you wanna give it a go?" mmm, mmm…" Hux cringed on the other end of the line. "What is that godawful noise?" "Nothing for you to worry about," Kyle said as he leaned against the doorframe appreciating the shape of Rey's naked body through the frosted shower screen. "Are you sure SkyTech are frozen out of those military contracts? I want cast iron assurances before tonight. That interview you had your media contact publish with the test pilot's widow hardly made a dent in SkyTech's share price. Schedule an update meeting for eleven, I'm on my way." He ended the call before his associate could object. "You want to join me?" Rey shouted over the sound of the radio and running water as she noticed him staring at her. "Nothing would give me greater pleasure," he replied his cock twitching in his pants at the idea, "But unfortunately, I don't have the time. I do have a business proposition for you, though, if you're interested." With her curiosity piqued, she turned off the water and opened the cubicle door. He stood waiting for her with a big fluffy white towel which she let him drape around her. "Go on," she said, curious to hear his offer. "I'm going to be in London until the end of the week and I would like to hire your services for the duration of my stay." He watched as her eyes widened with surprise. "There's a business dinner tonight and there might possibly be other social functions in the coming days that I want you to attend with me. The money for last night is already yours, so how much for the week?" Rey couldn't believe her ears. "I don't understand, I mean you're a rich, successful, good-looking guy and I'm sure you could get any girl for free." Kyle's expression soured. "The trouble with the free ones is that they expect emotional investment and I'm not looking for a relationship right now. I'd rather deal in cold hard cash, so tell me how much you want." She pondered on a reasonable sum for six days and nights. Her regular clients wouldn't be happy if she cancelled on them at such short notice. Long after her week with this guy ended, she would need their money to keep flowing in. If she agreed to stay with him, he would have to make it worth her while. "I'll do it for ten thousand," Rey said, hoping he wouldn't think it too much. He frowned, contemplating the amount. "Based on what I've already paid, six nights should cost me six thousand," he reasoned, ever the hard-headed businessman. "But you want days as well. Plus, I'll have to let down my regulars which will mean I'll risk losing them. If I have to offer them freebies to get them back, I'll need to cover my losses," she argued. Kyle felt a stab of shame for attempting to haggle with her. The harsh realities of her life made him painfully aware of his privileged position. He could easily afford what she asked and more besides. "Ten thousand pounds it is then," he agreed, "Do we have a deal?" Rey broke out into a wide smile and danced around with glee. "Damn right, we do." She offered her hand for him to shake and he pulled her in for a kiss. His lips were so tempting but she ducked them and worked her way down his neck. "No kissing on the mouth," she reminded him as he tried to coax her chin upwards. Kyle wanted every part of her. "I'll pay extra," he offered his arousal growing. "It's too intimate," she protested her breath hitching as he slid a hand down between her thighs. "More intimate than this?" He questioned, teasing her slick folds with his long fingers. Work could wait, he needed to fuck her first. Rey moaned with pleasure as Kyle fingered her, rubbing his thumb against her sensitive clit. She let the towel fall and threw her head back as he worked her until she begged for release. He unbuckled his pants and hitched her up against the tiles. His eyes were wild with desire. She didn't want to ruin the moment but had to gently remind him he needed to wear a condom. "I'll pay you twenty thousand to kiss and fuck you however I want," Kyle said his sensual lips hovering close to hers. Rey got tested regularly and he assured her he was clean too. Pregnancy wasn't a concern because she took birth control pills. The money tempted her but she worried about the consequences of breaching her professional boundaries. Her rules weren't only to ensure she kept her body safe, they were to protect her heart too. None of her previous clients gave her any trouble on that score. Some of them were attractive, but she wasn't attracted to them. With Kyle, the lines had already been blurred. His cock nudged at her wet pussy and she found herself crying out for more. He plunged his tongue into her mouth as he pushed deep into her. The money didn't matter to him; nothing mattered when he was inside her. She felt hot and tight around him and his pace became frenzied. Her quaking orgasm drove him over the edge and they slumped to the floor exchanging sloppy kisses through the aftershocks. Cold reality hit Kyle as he noted the time on his watch. He set about cleaning himself up and straightened his clothing. "You will need to get something suitable to wear tonight." He went to find his briefcase. "This should cover the cost of a dress and anything else you need." Her eyes widened as he handed her a thick wad of money. "I'll give you the twenty thousand at the end of the week," he explained. "The clothes are on me." "There must be five thousand here," Rey gasped, flicking through the notes. "I can't accept it on top of what you're already paying me, it wouldn't be right." "I don't have time to argue," Kyle raked a hand through his raven hair and headed for the door. "I'll pick you up in the hotel lobby at seven. Be ready and wear something classy," he instructed. Rey tucked the money inside her purse along with what he'd already paid her. "Thank you," she beamed, "I'm going to make this the best week of your life." Kyle hadn't felt true happiness in years. However, with the SkyTech deal poised to succeed and the girl on hand to help him celebrate, a rare smile tugged at his lips. He would show Luke Skywalker who was the boss and cut his family ties once and for all. Notes: Thank you for your enthusiasm for the first chapter of this fanfic and for the kudos. I hope you all enjoyed the second chapter. Please do let me know. I'm attempting to mirror the structure of Pretty Woman, but this story will have its own twists and turns. The song extract is from Lady Marmalade by Labelle. - Mrs. P Chapter 3 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Rey stretched out on the bed. It felt so luxurious, she almost felt guilty for enjoying it so much. She tried calling Finn but there was no reply. "What's going on?" she screeched when he finally picked up on her second attempt. "You know how I freak out when you don't answer." "I left my phone by my bed and I'm not so fast on my feet these days." He tapped on his plaster cast to demonstrate the reason why as if she'd forgotten. "Anyway, where the hell are you? I thought you were done with your sugar daddy." "Sugar daddy?" Rey protested. "He's not even thirty for another couple of months." "Thirty sounds old when you're twenty-one," Finn reasoned as he slumped down on his bed. "So, what's taking so long?" She hesitated unsure about his reaction to her news. "I'm not coming home today." Rey fidgeted with her hair. "Kyle wants me to stay the whole week with him, and he's going to pay me twenty thousand pounds plus extra money for clothes." "Whoa," Finn gasped, "That's crazy, I mean - twenty thousand pounds - Really?" "I know," she giggled, "It'll get us back on track with the rent and the bills. Maybe I can even sign up for those college courses I looked into. Sheila wasn't happy about having to reschedule my regulars this week, but I'll make it up to her and them." "What's this Kyle like anyway, besides well hung and brooding?" Finn chuckled. "That's how you described him, wasn't it?" Rey blushed crimson although it summed him up pretty well. "Never mind what he's like, where should I go to get a dress for tonight? I need something classy like designer-label-classy and you know I don't have the first clue about fashion." Fortunately, Finn had a friend who knew her Armani from her Vera Wang. "You remember Crystal from Hopscotch House? She works at Selfridge's now. Get yourself to Oxford Street and she'll sort you out with something." Half-an-hour later, and Rey found herself trying on an Alexander McQueen silk-chiffon dress with a price tag that made her eyes water. The print was rather bold but she loved it. Paired with some black Louboutin's and silk tights, she felt like a movie star. A few of the assistants had given her snooty looks when she entered the store in her cheap dress and boots. Rey already felt self-conscious and they didn't help. But Crystal didn't judge her as they both came from the same background. As someone who grew up in care homes like Rey and Finn, she knew the sting of being scorned by those who considered themselves above her. The snooty assistants glared in disbelief as Rey handed over just short of five thousand pounds for her purchases. There had been enough money for new lingerie, a casual outfit, makeup and a few other essentials, too. It seemed obscene to spend so much on so little for someone used to eking out every penny, but she let herself enjoy the rare luxury. When she arrived back at the hotel the telephone in the room was ringing. Rey grabbed the receiver to be met by Kyle's sonorous tones. "You didn't give me your cell number so I had to call this one." He sounded annoyed. Rey fretted that she'd unwittingly done something to upset him. "Is everything okay?" She inquired. In truth, it wasn't. Kyle arrived at the office to find a message from his estranged mother after years without contact, and it had unsettled him. The imminent meeting with his uncle already threatened to reopen old wounds. It also irked him that for reasons he couldn't explain, he wanted to hear the voice of a girl he had known for less than a day. "I'm fine," he said the way people do when they're not. "I just want to make sure you've got everything you need for tonight. This dinner is very important to me and I need it to go without a hitch, do you understand?" Rey expected her contribution would be limited to polite small talk and looking decorative. She wished he realised she could offer more if given the chance. "You haven't even told me who we are having dinner with." The idea of googling their companions occurred to her. It would be helpful to have some informed chit chat on hand, she reasoned. "The co-owners of SkyTech will be joining us." Kyle had no intention of getting into his complicated relationship with his uncle. "Whatever happens this evening, I want you to remember that you're my employee. Do not presume to offer opinions on matters you know nothing about," he warned. His harsh tone stung her. She felt silly for letting herself get carried away with notions she could be anything more to him than a body for hire. "Rey?" Kyle grew concerned when she fell silent. Accustomed to speaking to people however he liked without fear of consequences, it alarmed him to discover he wanted to do better for her. She put her professional head on. "You can count on me," she said with false cheer, "Discretion is all part of the service." An apology hung on his lips and went unspoken. "I'll see you in the lobby at seven sharp." Rey sat on the edge of a brown leather chair surrounded by Art Deco elegance. She fidgeted nervously with her catch on her clutch bag as she awaited her employer. Her eyes fell upon her reflection in one of the large gilded mirrors that hung in the lobby. She worried her dress was getting creased and stood up so quickly she got light-headed. As she wobbled on her Louboutin's a strong arm reached out to steady her. Rey looked up to find Kyle gazing down at her in wonder. "You're breath-taking," he gasped. She giggled her beaming smile dazzling all around her. Kyle offered her his arm. "Shall we?" When they arrived at the restaurant, their dinner guests were already seated at the table. Rey felt Kyle's grip on her arm tighten and she could see his jaw tense up as he fought to maintain his cool exterior. "Are you late or are we early?" The younger of the two SkyTech owners quipped as he stood up to greet them. The handsome former astronaut cut a dashing figure in his black Armani suit with his slicked back dark wavy hair greying slightly at the temples. "Paolo Dameron, I presume," Kyle firmly shook his offered hand and presented his companion. "This is a friend of mine, Rey Sands." She stepped forward to shake hands with the younger man. His older, distinguished-looking associate stood up to greet her. He looked more like an old professor than a business magnate with his ruffled grey hair and trimmed beard. "I'm Luke Skywalker," he said, "I'm glad to see my nephew in the company of such a pretty girl." Rey smiled to cover her confusion. Did he say, nephew? Kyle hadn't mentioned anything about them being related. She regretted spending the afternoon pampering herself and sulking rather than doing some internet research on SkyTech or her employer. The four of them got seated and waiters were hovering to present each of them with a menu. It was all in French which didn't faze Rey one bit as she'd always had a talent for picking up other languages. Kyle offered to order for her but she politely declined, impressing him with her skills. The first course had barely arrived when things turned sour. "I know what you're up to, Ben." Luke glared at his nephew with a look of disapproval. "I requested this dinner meeting so I could ask you to leave SkyTech alone. Once we take all this into the boardroom, it'll get ugly. For my sister's sake, and for our whole family, I'm begging you to walk away." Rey couldn't help but watch in fascination. It puzzled her as to why Skywalker called Kyle, Ben. But then, as she told him the night before, he didn't look like a Kyle. She studied his sullen expression and wasn't sure he suited the name Ben, either. "I can't walk away," he informed his uncle. "Snoke Industries already own a big chunk of your stock. We can make things very difficult for you if you don't cooperate." "If that's your idea of negotiating, you may want to rethink your technique," Dameron interjected with a hint of a smirk. Kyle glowered over his water glass as their second course arrived. The interruption gave them all a chance to take a step back and calm down. "So, Rey," Luke turned to her with a cheery smile, his blue eyes warm and twinkling. "How long have you known my nephew?" A blush crept over her cheeks and she didn't dare look in Kyle's direction. "Not long," she replied, truthfully. Luke nodded, expecting as much. His nephew wasn't known for indulging in long-lasting relationships. Kyle's temper started to flare again as he observed Paolo flirting openly with Rey. She wasn't encouraging his attention but appeared flattered all the same. When he began regaling them with a story from his time as an astronaut, it took every bit of Kyle's fragile restraint to stop him from going on a rampage. Rey hadn't noticed his rising agitation as she focused on Paolo. It had quickly become evident to her that Dameron was gay by the way he checked out one of the handsome young waiters. She idly thought about how he might hit it off with Finn if they were ever to meet. "I spoke to your mother and she told me she tried to get in touch with you this morning." Luke regarded his nephew once again with disappointment. "She misses you more than you know." "She misses me so much that her call today was her first one to me in over five years." Kyle hated that he couldn't disguise his hurt. "Maybe if you hadn't stopped answering her calls in the first place, she wouldn't have left it so long," Luke scolded his calm exterior crumbling as his anger boiled up. Rey looked on helplessly, feeling out of her depth. She placed her hand over Kyle's in an attempt to calm him but he snatched it away. Dameron tried unsuccessfully to intercede as the bickering escalated. All eyes were on them as their fellow diners turned to see what the commotion was about. "I know that upstart Hux is behind us being frozen out of the bidding on those defence contracts." Luke kept his tone measured but his eyes were full of fury. "Paolo has contacts, too." "For all the good it will do you," Kyle snarled. "Son of a…" His uncle stopped short; he wouldn't curse his sister for the monster her son had turned into. Kyle knew Skywalker would make it personal instead of sticking to business. It angered him even further that he'd allowed the situation to spiral out of his control. He swiped at his wine glass, sending the untouched red liquid inside cascading over his guests' clothing. "You're still the same spoiled brat you always were," Luke spat as he dabbed at his light grey suit in a vain attempt to remove the wine stains. Paolo's black suit avoided the same fate but his white shirt hadn't been so fortunate. The two men got up to leave. Both offered polite salutations to Rey, who sat shocked and mortified by her employer's volatile behaviour. "Send the dry cleaning bill to Snoke Industries," Kyle sneered, "We will have the shirts off your backs soon enough." Luke gave his nephew one last sorrowful glance before departing. Rey didn't know what she ought to do. She excused herself to go to the ladies room while the waiters cleaned up. When she returned, her companion had paid the restaurant bill and requested for his limo to be brought around. He barely spoke two words to her on the way back to the hotel. His phone rang as they entered the lobby. Part way through the call, he threw it so hard against the tiled floor, it shattered into pieces. After sending her up to his room alone, he headed into the bar. Rey appreciated he needed time to cool off. His temper made her wary of what he might be capable of next and she regretted accepting his offer. However, she couldn't afford to just blow off twenty thousand pounds. She googled him to make sure he wasn't some raging psychopath. His real name was Ben Organa-Solo, the only son of Leia and Han Organa-Solo. She was a former U.S. Senator and his father a retired professional racing car driver. The scant information available on Ben Organa-Solo seemed to have been heavily edited. Rey only found his real name and family background from looking up Luke Skywalker. Kyle Renn appeared to have come into existence six years previously, and there was no mention of his past on his Snoke Industries biography. The whole thing perplexed her and she decided to turn the TV on as a distraction. Kyle or Ben or whoever the hell he was, would probably walk in at any moment. He might want to have sex with her if he hadn't drunk himself into a stupor. Rey couldn't afford to dwell on his shady past when her job depended on catering to his every desire. She flicked around the channels and found Moulin Rouge! It used to be a favourite of hers and she hadn't seen it for years. Ewan McGregor as Christian sang Your Song to Nicole Kidman's Satine and Rey lost herself to the romance of it. After sobbing her way through the ending, she noticed the time was well after midnight and Kyle still hadn't returned. She had discarded her tights and taken her dress off to save it getting crumpled, and so she slipped it back on to go in search of him. Forgoing her tights and shoes, she made her way down to the foyer barefooted. There was a few guests and staff still milling around despite the late hour. Rey strode into the bar expecting to find Kyle drowning his sorrows, but he wasn't there. The bartender pointed her in the direction of the ballroom. As she approached the doors, she could hear the sound of piano playing. She entered the room to find Kyle seated behind a vintage Steinway Concert Grand. The lights inside had been dimmed and a handful of staff members were his only company. He played on with his appreciative audience hanging on every note. Upon seeing her, he politely asked them to leave. The music seemed to have calmed him, but his gaze grew heated as he watched her approach to lean against the piano. "You play so beautifully," she smiled wishing he would continue. As if he could read her mind, he resumed, his fingers skilfully working their way across the ivories. Rey knew precious little about Classical music. She thought she recognised the tune and realised it sounded like the song, All By Myself. "It's Rachmaninoff's Piano Concerto No.2 in C minor," Kyle explained noting her quizzical expression. She listened in rapt attention, applauding when he finished. He looked up at her with such sadness in his eyes, she could hardly bear it. She stepped closer towards him and he pulled her in, resting his head against her chest. Rey raked her fingers gently through his hair as he sighed and threaded his hands behind her back. After a long moment, he drew back slightly and reached for the hem of her dress. "Shouldn't we go upstairs?" She glanced over his shoulder to check they were alone. Kyle didn't seem to care either way. He grabbed her by the hips and lifted her up on top of the piano. The keys jangled making music as he leaned in to kiss her. She shivered in anticipation as his fingers trailed down her body. He dipped one hand under her dress and hooked a couple of his fingers around her black lace panties. With one forceful yank, he ripped them from her leaving her exposed to him. He encouraged her to lie back as he buried his head between her open thighs. His hot mouth covered her pussy and she cried out with pleasure as he sucked on her throbbing clit. Rey wrapped her legs around him, digging her heels into his back as he lapped enthusiastically at her core. All coherent thoughts were lost to her as his tongue drove her to the edge of a chasm into which she longed to fall. "Come for me, my angel," Kyle murmured against her sensitive skin. The vibration from his deep voice almost pushed her over the edge. He dipped a couple of fingers between her slick folds and plunged them inside her. Rey gasped for breath as the tension built to an explosive release. She gripped the edge of the piano and begged for mercy as he continued to feast on her oversensitive pussy. As her orgasm hit, she didn't think she had ever come so hard in all her life. Kyle's lips were glossy with her cum as he gathered her into his arms and carried her bridal style all the way to his room. After once more reaching the heights of ecstasy on the bed, they fell asleep in each other's arms. Notes: I hope you all enjoyed that Reylo reimagining of the Pretty Woman piano scene. I just want to explain a few things... Firstly, I'm as clueless about fashion as Rey is, but I looked at the dresses on the Selfridge's website and picked one I thought Daisy Ridley would look good in. I was thinking of the Alexander McQueen A Midsummer Night's Dream Silk-chiffon dress, currently on sale for the bargain price of £1,875,00. Secondly, I'm not actually that much of a fan of the movie Moulin Rouge! But for the Ewan McGregor Star Wars connection and because Satine is a courtesan, I thought it was a good movie to reference in that scene. Thirdly, I've read a few interviews with Adam Driver where he talks about playing Rachmaninoff on the piano. He didn't listen to much modern music growing up and said he would often listen to Rachmaninoff piano concertos before going to bed. Anyway, the one I've referenced in this chapter is wonderful and sedate enough for late night playing. The verse of the song All By Myself was based on the second movement of that particular concerto. Hence why Rey recognises it although she isn't familiar with Classical Music. Thank you all for your enthusiasm so far and please do let me know what you thought of this chapter - Mrs. P Chapter 4 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Rey awoke to find Kyle sitting next to her on the bed. He had already showered and got dressed for work. "Good morning, Sunshine, time to go shopping." He appeared uncharacteristically chirpy as he took out his wallet and handed her a credit card. She eyed it warily, not exactly filled with glee at the idea of dealing with more snooty shop assistants. "It's a Snoke Industries business card," Kyle explained. "You shouldn't have any problems using it, but call me if you do." He took in her glum expression with confusion. "Why do you look as if I just handed you a death sentence?" He assumed she would welcome another shopping spree. The women he'd slept with in the past expected to receive expensive gifts. He had no doubt that if he'd handed any of them a credit card, they would have taken it without a second thought. "I could pop back to my flat and pack enough clothes for the rest of the week," she argued. "There's no need to go to any further expense." Kyle flicked at his silk tie, preparing to explain to her why her own clothing wouldn't do. Tact wasn't exactly his forte but he tried to be as delicate as he could. "I represent Snoke Industries and I have to look the part. My suits are custom made by the best tailors in the world. Everything from my shoes to my sunglasses speaks to the image of the company I represent. Do you see what I'm saying?" Rey frowned; he didn't need to remind her how far above her he was on the social strata. "So, basically, I'm Cinderella and you're what - my fairy godmother?" His lips twitched in amusement as he reached for his jacket. "Buy anything you want, dresses, and shoes, whatever. We may be going out to dinner again or a society event, so you'll need some formal wear." She sat glum-faced; taking money for the services she provided was one thing but this made her uncomfortable. Kyle sighed, losing patience with her lack of enthusiasm. "I'll be in the office all day if you need to contact me." He grabbed his briefcase and headed for the door. Rey jumped up and chased after him, disregarding her nakedness. "How much can I spend? I mean, it's not that I want a lot but the kind of stuff you're talking about tends to come with a hefty price tag." It mortified her to have to ask but she didn't want to take advantage, even if he could afford it. Kyle turned to face her, his eyes roving appreciatively over her slender figure. "Don't worry about the money." He twisted a lock of her hair around his index finger and reeled her in for a kiss. "It means nothing to me." Hux paced the floor in front of the desk, his face redder than his hair. "You let your personal interests get in the way with Skywalker, and now the old goat is digging his heels in," he fumed. "It won't do him any good." Kyle didn't appreciate the reprimand, but instead of getting angry, he let himself be distracted by thoughts of Rey. He pictured her radiant smile and the way sunlight danced in her hazel eyes. "Are you listening to me?" Hux snarled, wearing a murderous expression. "SkyTech has overextended themselves and they are up to their ears in debt. Their European contracts have been keeping the U.S. end of the company afloat. If they don't come up with an injection of capital soon, it will all be over for them. An old chum of mine from Eton is on the board at First Order bank, the one SkyTech is indebted to, and I'm waiting for him to return my call." "So, what's the problem?" Kyle knew he should care more about it. This deal had occupied his every waking thought for months. Indeed, the last six years had been building up to this moment. But now he stood on the verge of getting what he wanted, it felt like a hollow victory. "Skywalker won't go down without a fight, and that Dameron fellow is attempting to charm new investors as we speak." Hux scowled as he watched his associate idly toying with a water glass. "What on earth is going on with you? I heard all about your tantrum in the restaurant, by the way. And as for smashing up your phone when I called to ask you how dinner went - Really, Renn, it's no way for a grown man to carry on." Kyle bristled at the redhead's condescending tone. He knew he needed to get his focus back. Perhaps it had been the message from his mother that unbalanced him so much. He realised he missed her. The previous evening, after taking the time to calm down, he'd even found he'd been glad to see his uncle again, despite the circumstances and Luke's bullheadedness. Maybe Rey had reawakened something within him. She made him feel things he hadn't felt for years, such as moments of genuine happiness and contentment. Instead of being annoyed at the intrusion, when he'd woke up that morning under the tangle of her limbs, he had the fleeting notion he would like to start every day in the same way. She made him reassess his life choices. "What did you want to be when you were a kid, Armitage?" Hux cringed at Renn's use of his Christian name. His mouth gaped open for a second unsure of how to respond. The conversation had certainly taken an odd twist. His raven-haired colleague's temperament was mercurial at the best of times. "I wanted to be an ace pilot like my grandpa," Kyle revealed with a wistful look. Hux had no time for the idle fancies of childhood. All he'd ever wanted to be was the best. "I do recall informing my father that I wanted to be the richest man in Great Britain. He said, why not be the richest man in the world?" Brendon Hux taught his son second place and last place were the same thing. As a consequence, his ambition had no limits. Snoke might have practically anointed Renn as his successor, but nothing was set in stone. He had been treading carefully but the SkyTech deal was make or break, and it seemed that his rival didn't have the stomach to get the job done. Petra announced her arrival with a brisk knock at the door. She delivered Kyle the replacement phone he sent her out to get. With a hint of a smile, she handed Hux a note. As he read it, he saw his chance to outmanoeuvre the competition and he intended to seize it. "I'll leave you to it then," the ginger-haired executive said as he marched swiftly to the door. Kyle barely noticed him depart as his thoughts again drifted to the family he'd turned his back on. Rey stood on the street corner looking out for her friend. After spending the morning shopping, she'd dropped her purchases back at the hotel, got changed and called Finn. He promised to get there as soon as he could hail a taxi. After half-an-hour of waiting, she began to worry that arranging an impromptu rendezvous was a bad idea. Kyle might return from work at any moment and she should be at the hotel ready to greet him when he arrived. Rey had planned a little surprise for his return. Knowing a little of his family history, she hoped the gift she'd bought for him would remind him of happier times. A cab approached with her friend on board. "Finn," she shrieked, happy and relieved to see him. The driver helped him out with his crutches and Rey handed the man a handsome tip along with the fare. "Look at you," he exclaimed, admiring her new clothes. "High society suits you, babe." She hugged him and kissed his cheek. "Thanks," she smiled, bashfully gazing down at the black and white striped wool blend dress with black pumps she'd spent the best part of six hundred pounds on. "It's easy to scrub up well when you've got money." "Nah, you always look good," Finn argued. "What was it old Mrs. O'Leary used to say? You can't make a silk purse out of a sow's ear. Besides, it's what's underneath that counts and you've always been pure gold." Rey smiled and her eyes got misty; he always said the sweetest things. She indicated towards a nearby Starbucks. "Come on, let's grab a coffee. I can't stay long." Once they got seated with their drinks, she reached into her bag, pulled out an envelope and slid it across the table. "That should tide you over until the end of the week." "I'll manage," Finn said as he pushed it back. "Don't be silly," Rey scolded. "You've got to find the cab fare home and you need groceries. The cupboards were practically bare when I left and I know you've emptied your bank account." "You've earned that money, you should keep it. I hope he's being gentle with you." Finn frowned with concern as he looked her over for any signs of injury. "It's fine, really," she insisted, sliding the money back to him. "Kyle is very generous and not just with his money." Rey wondered if she should tell Finn about the Ben Solo stuff. He would only worry, she reasoned, and she didn't know the whole story. Kyle hadn't wanted to talk about it and it wasn't really any of her business. She couldn't help caring, though, and longed for him to open his heart to her. Finn caught something in her expression and scowled at her, disapprovingly. "I know that look," he chided. "I hope you're not falling for him." "Of course, I'm not," Rey scoffed. "That would be a stupid thing to do." "I bet you've kissed him on the mouth, haven't you?" He watched her blush and she averted her gaze in shame. Finn reached for her hand and gave it a gentle squeeze. "You know it'll end in heartbreak and I can't bear to see you get hurt." "I like him, okay, and there's no rule that says I can't enjoy what we do together." Rey felt bad for snapping at her best friend when she knew he had her best interests at heart. He had been the only constant in her life and the one person she could always count on. That wasn't likely to change anytime soon. But she'd glimpsed something in Kyle that made her believe he was a kindred spirit. "It's just - I can see that for all his money and everything that goes with it, he knows what it is to be lost and lonely." "Pardon me if I don't get all weepy over Trump Junior," Finn sneered. Rey didn't want to argue with him. "I know what I'm doing, and it's only for a few more days." Her eyes silently pleaded for his understanding. She'd seen him get in over his head with a client. It happened, not often, and never to her before Kyle, but he had got under her skin. Finn understood about the money and the rest. She would always have his shoulder to cry on if she needed it. "Just be careful, that's all," he warned. Kyle arrived back at the hotel preoccupied and feeling torn by his conflicting loyalties. Mr. Snoke had called him before he left the office. He wanted to talk about the SkyTech deal and his vision for the company. The confidence the old man placed in him made him guilty for the time he'd wasted dwelling on the past. Snoke Industries deserved his full attention in the present and for the future. He stomped, fists clenched, into the hotel room, forgetting for a moment that he had company. "Hi, honey, how was your day?" Rey's voice startled him out of his reverie. He looked up to find her draped over the couch wearing nothing but a damson-coloured tie. "Nice," Kyle drawled with hunger in his eyes his troubles evaporating. "I got it for you," she explained, holding up the silk material so he could see. "It's got little aeroplanes embroidered on it." He couldn't focus on the tie or anything else with her sitting there naked. She held out her hand to him and he pulled her into his arms. His kisses were fierce as he swept her up and carried her to the bed. He couldn't get rid of his clothes fast enough. In the end, he settled for stripping off his jacket, removing his tie, opening his shirt and leaving his pants wrapped around one leg. "I need to be inside you," he murmured low into her ear as the tip of his cock brushed against the welcoming wetness of her pussy. Rey gasped with pleasure as he buried himself in her. His thrusts were hard and deep and his mouth bruising. He kept up a frantic pace sweat dripping from his brow as he pounded her like a jackhammer. Their orgasms hit almost simultaneously, her climax triggering his as if she were popping the tab on a shook up can of Coke. Kyle collapsed next to her on the bed as they both fought to catch their breath. "I take it you really liked the tie, then?" she teased turning to him with one of her beaming smiles. He had forgotten all about the strip of silk around her neck. The sight of it caused him to start laughing until his whole body was shaking. Rey couldn't help but join in. Later that night, she suggested they take a bath together. Large as the bathtub was, Kyle had to bend his legs for it to accommodate his tall frame. He laid his head back against her chest as she ran the washcloth over his toned abs. Her other hand rested over his heart and he covered it with his own. "I've been thinking about my family today," he revealed and didn't speak again for a long moment. Rey wondered if she should say something, but then he continued. "I've been angry at them for so long; it's become like a bad habit. When I accepted Randolf Snoke's offer to join his company it was on the condition that I renounced my family and everything associated with them, even my name. I left Ben Solo behind and became Kyle Renn. At least, that's what I told myself." "Why would you do such a thing?" Rey blurted out before she could think better of it. When he fell silent, she sought to backpedal. "I mean, I know it's none of my business but I'm here for you if you want to talk about it." He spoke hesitantly at first, but she listened as he told her all about his family history. His grandfather Augustin Skywalker, a decorated U.S. Air Force Colonel, started the business that would eventually become SkyTech. He married Pamela, his childhood sweetheart, who tragically died in childbirth after a few short years of marriage. Augustin, consumed with grief, threw himself into his work unable to care for the twins he unfairly blamed for their mother's death. Luke ended up being raised by his aunt and uncle on a farm. His sister Leia went to be adopted by an American diplomat and his wife, Bill and Brenda Organa. Twenty-three years later, Augustin found out he had terminal lung cancer. He managed to reconcile with his son before his death, but his daughter refused to see him. The company he founded was bequeathed to both his children. However, Leia refused to have any part of it. She married the famous racing car driver, Han Solo soon after her natural father's death. Luke took over the family business and renamed it Sky-Solo Systems. His sister had fallen pregnant on her honeymoon, and Luke felt her child should have some stake in the company even if she didn't want it. Ben grew up hearing stories about his grandfather from his uncle and helping out with the business during school holidays. "I guess I took it for granted that one day the company would be mine," Kyle confessed. "I got into Harvard and ended up serving my internship at Snoke Industries. My mother thought I should get experience outside the family business. Randolf Snoke had once been a rival of my grandfather's. With his reputation for being ruthless and hard to please, I couldn't help being flattered when he took a special interest in me. He offered me a job when I graduated but I remained determined to go and work with my uncle. Luke Skywalker is many good things, but a savvy businessman he is not. I didn't know how bad things were with the company finances until the shit had already hit the fan. Sky-Solo Systems were competing for a contract to supply the U.S. military with a new line of stealth aircraft. We practically had it in the bag and then the test flight went horribly wrong. The official report concluded the crash was down to pilot error but the damage was done. Bankruptcy loomed and Randolf Snoke offered to keep us afloat if my uncle agreed to make the three of us equal shareholders in the business. Luke refused, saying he would rather see the company go bust. I begged my parents to help, but my father wasn't interested and my mother wouldn't give me a dime. I got so angry at all of them for ruining grandfather's business and depriving me of what I saw as my birthright. When I heard Luke had a deal with Dameron Enterprises in the pipeline and intended to make Paolo Dameron a full partner in the business, I saw red. Randolf Snoke contacted me and made me an offer I couldn't refuse. It didn't seem like a hardship at the time to relinquish my family name and cut them out of my life. He promised me that SkyTech would one day be mine to do with as I pleased." Kyle lapsed into quiet contemplation. The bathwater had cooled, although he didn't seem to have noticed. "Come on," Rey coaxed him, kissing the tip of one of his ears. "Let's get dried off and go to bed." He had talked a lot for someone who could often be taciturn. The rest of the night, he barely spoke a word. His companion didn't seem to mind and eagerly put her mouth to other uses. He eventually drifted off to sleep with her warm body spooning his. Notes: Thank you to everyone who's taken the time to leave a comment and award kudos. I really appreciate your feedback. I'm not sure about this chapter because it got a bit long-winded with Kyle/Ben's history. I tried to condense it as much as I could and mix in some sexy times. Hope you all enjoyed reading it. Please do let me know what you think - Mrs. P Chapter 5 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Despite living in and around the city all her life, Rey had never been to the Tower of London. She once visited the Science Museum on a school trip but such outings were a luxury for kids in care. Kyle called her from the office and told her they would be attending a Champagne reception at the Tower of London that evening. She didn't realise they hired historical landmarks out for fancy social events. But, as she knew well, anything could be bought for the right price. It sent her into a panic of sorting through the outfits she'd purchased. She had no idea of the dress code for drinking Champagne in a place where traitors used to be executed. Rey picked out a floral patterned midi-dress and held it up against her. It looked too cheerful for somewhere with such a blood-soaked history, and she swiftly discarded it on the bed. Next, she selected a calf-length, sleeveless black gown with a fancy crystal-encrusted neckline. Something told her that was the one. A pair of sparkly Jimmy Choo's complimented the dress and she set them aside for later. Rey found she welcomed the distraction of choosing an outfit. She had been lonely after Kyle left the hotel for work. The things he'd told her about his past were playing on her mind. He clearly wasn't the type of person who spilled out his deepest secrets to just anyone, and she had been flattered that he chose to confide in her. She'd listened without judgement and held him through the night. When he woke her early that morning with languid kisses and tender caresses, she could almost believe he felt something beyond a desire for her. His long fingers soon made her wet for him. He wanted to take it slow, his cock sliding in and out of her in long, deep strokes. Rey would have been happy for him to take his pleasure like that even if he didn't get her off, but Kyle surprised her by pulling back and eating her out until she came against his skilful tongue. He finished by jerking off over her tits and face, swooping down to claim her cum-covered lips. After he'd gone to the office, she started to think about his family and how he had cut them out of his life. His uncle seemed like a decent man and going from the pictures of his parents she'd found on the Internet, they looked like nice people, too. As an orphan who would have given anything to have her parents back, Rey couldn't imagine ever walking away from her loved ones. Kyle told her his reasons for doing what he did and she tried to see it from his point of view, but it still bothered her. Perhaps he wasn't a kindred spirit, after all, she mused. He had chosen his loneliness and isolation. If he wanted to try and set things right with his family, he could. She would never get back what she'd lost. Rey glanced over at Kyle as they rode to the Tower of London in the back of a black limo. He wasn't paying for her judgement or her understanding. In a few more days, he would be gone from her life forever. Twenty thousand pounds in exchange for regularly fucking her senseless and taking her out to fancy Champagne receptions, not to mention all the clothes he'd paid for, seemed like fair compensation. Finn was right, she shouldn't have got attached. "Didn't you tell me you hated parties?" Rey couldn't shake her sour mood. "Why are we going to this one?" "It's business," he replied tapping a message on his phone. He had been distracted since his return from the office. There wasn't much time for conversation as he showered and changed into a black suit with a matching shirt plus the tie she'd bought him. Rey had been putting the finishing touches to her hair, which she'd styled in a sleek top-knot. "Do I look the part?" She didn't want to fish for compliments, but it did bother her that he hadn't said a thing about her outfit. "You look great," Kyle answered without looking up from his phone screen. Rey bristled at his indifference after all the attention he'd been lavishing on her in bed. At least he'd put the tie on, she consoled herself. It wasn't as if she had the right to expect anything more from him. She was his employee, not his girlfriend. The rest of the journey passed in silence. A couple of stern-looking Beefeaters stood guard at the tower gate as the members of high society arrived. When the car pulled into the courtyard, Rey got a feeling of dread in her stomach. She would be mingling with people who lived in a completely different world to the one she knew. It wasn't that she considered them superior in any way. But she was sure they'd look down on her if they guessed the truth about her and Kyle. "What if someone recognises me?" She fretted reluctant to get out of the car. It seemed unlikely as none of her past clients worked for First Order Bank, who were hosting the party. Nor were any of them the type of high ranking businessmen that got invited to such functions. Kyle turned to her sullen-faced as he tucked his phone into the pocket of his pants. "Even if someone did recognise you, I doubt they'd admit to it with their wives and girlfriends right beside them." It wasn't exactly the reassurance she'd been looking for, but he had a point. Rey got out of the limo and took his offered arm. "Just smile and make small talk about the weather or something," Kyle instructed as he led her to the party entrance. The New Armouries was one of the later additions to the Tower of London. It had a wood beamed ceiling held in place by a line of wooden pillars. A bar served Champagne and cocktails at one end of the room while a string quartet played in the corner. Waiting staff circulated with trays of drinks and canapes. There were lots of other well-dressed couples already inside. A tall ginger haired man and even taller platinum blonde woman made a beeline for them the minute they stepped through the door. "Armitage Hux, Petra Hasman, this is Rey Sands." Kyle kept the introductions brief with no explanation as to who she was to him. She already knew they worked for Snoke Industries from the snippets of phone conversations she'd heard. Both were impeccably dressed and Rey couldn't help but feel a little intimidated as they studied her with interest. From their expressions, she could tell they weren't impressed. Better pleased with themselves than what they see, Rey thought, recalling a line from Jane Austen's Pride & Prejudice. "Well, Renn, aren't you the dark horse? You told us you didn't know anyone in London." Hux had to be one of the smarmiest men it had ever been her misfortune to meet. Kyle appeared visibly annoyed by his colleague's unwelcome interest. "I didn't, now I do," he said in a tone that deterred further questioning. "At least I haven't brought my assistant as my date." "I'll have you know, I'm practically engaged to Lady Cressida Fossington-Gore, she's the daughter of an Earl, you know," Hux bragged. "I didn't invite her because we are here tonight for business purposes in case you've forgotten. Skywalker hasn't put in an appearance yet but I've seen Dameron making the rounds. We need to keep an eye on that one; he could sell sand to the Arabs." "Where is he now?" Kyle towered above most of the guests and he couldn't see the former Astronaut anywhere. "Oh, the bank has arranged for us to take tours of some of the attractions here if we want," Hux explained, showing no inclination for exploring. "Dameron's gone to watch the Ceremony of The Keys." He cast a conspiratorial glance in his assistant's direction. "There are tours of the Crown Jewels if you ladies would like to partake." Before Rey realised what was happening, she found herself being ushered away by an insistent Petra. "Come, my dear, let's sample the hospitality while the boys talk shop." Kyle either failed to notice her pleading glance or he didn't care. With resignation, she allowed the tall blonde stranger to lead her towards the bar. She didn't drink much alcohol as a rule, but gratefully grabbed a flute of Champagne and took a big gulp. "You look like you needed that." Petra gave her a sympathetic smile. "Our Mr. Renn has been known to drive people to drink. So, how long have you two been…friends?" "Not long," Rey replied, intending to stay on her guard. Make polite small talk, that's what Kyle advised her to do. However, Petra didn't seem the sort who would be satisfied with discussing the British weather. The tall blonde leaned in signalling that she had private information to impart. "Just between us girls, I hear Renn's the kind of guy who takes what he wants from a woman and then moves on to the next. He's never had a relationship that lasted more than a couple of weeks in the six years I've known him." Rey didn't know what to say to that. She had no burning desire to see the Crown Jewels, but when one of the Beefeaters came in to announce the tour was about to begin, she thought it would be a good diversion. Petra kept asking her personal questions that she would rather not answer. Rey almost choked on her Champagne when the blonde started speculating about the weird stuff she imagined Kyle liked to do in bed. As a prostitute, she thought she'd heard it all, but the talk about masks and leather restraints had her blushing like a virgin. If she had to feign interest in an exhibition of gaudy jewellery to avoid answering any more personal questions, she would do it. Petra gave the various display cases no more than a cursory glance. Once she realised her companion wasn't going to spill any juicy secrets about the heir apparent to Snoke Industries, she lost all interest; her eagerness to get back to the action of the party resulted in much glowering in the young brunette's direction. Rey discovered she did find the history fascinating, even if the jewels themselves left her cold. Remnants of the British Empire like the Koh-i-Noor diamond inspired unease in her as well as awe. She had never considered herself an anti-monarchist, but it seemed obscene to have such wealth hoarded when there were so many people in need. When she finished circling the exhibits, Rey found that Petra had deserted her. She didn't mourn the loss. The night air chilled her and she decided to make her way back to the New Armouries. As she passed by Tower Green, a familiar voice called out to her. "Rey, I thought that was you." Paolo Dameron greeted her with the first genuine smile she'd seen all evening. She had been dreading re-joining the party and so welcomed his friendly banter. It turned out he knew a lot about the history of the place. The spot where they were standing happened to be right next to where Anne Boleyn lost her head. Upon noticing her shivering from the cold, her companion had taken off his jacket and draped it over her shoulders. Rey appreciated his gentlemanly act, especially because she knew there was nothing more to it than concern for her wellbeing. She found herself so engrossed in Paolo's recounting of the former queen's unfortunate fate; she failed to notice Kyle had left the party in search of her. He didn't spot her at first, but Hux had followed him out and nothing escaped his keen eyes. "At the risk of triggering one of your tantrums, how well do you know this Rey girl?" The ginger haired executive questioned as he kept her in his sights from across the courtyard. Kyle turned to him with a fearsome scowl. "That's none of your concern," he snapped. Hux refused to be cowed. "It is my concern when I see her having a cosy chat with Paolo Dameron; the fellow whose company we are trying to take over." Kyle whipped his head around to catch a glimpse of them. His blood boiled to see her enjoying the company of another man. He gritted his teeth together, preparing to go and drag her away from the too-charming Dameron. "How do you know she isn't working for him or SkyTech?" Hux wouldn't let it go. "She could have befriended you in order to pass information back to them." "Don't be ridiculous," Kyle scoffed. "She met him at dinner the other night. She's not an industrial spy." "How can you be sure?" His ginger haired colleague's paranoia wasn't so easily assuaged. "Where did you meet her?" Hux noted Renn's flustered expression. His cheeks were red and it wasn't just from anger. With a snort of exasperation, Kyle explained the situation in a low voice. "When I borrowed your car, I got lost on my way to the hotel. I ended up in Soho and I met Rey. She directed me back to Mayfair and I asked her to be my guest for the evening." Hux took in the information, his eyes widening as he realised what it meant. "You picked her up in Soho - at night? You mean she's a p…" "Don't say that word," Kyle snarled cutting him off. "This is the last conversation we will have on the subject. You will not discuss the matter again, ever." Hux nodded unable to fully bite back his smirk. "Of course not, old chum. Your secret's safe with me." Kyle stomped off without retrieving the girl who'd been putting ideas in his head and making him feel things he would rather not. He never drank alcohol, but tonight would be an exception. Paolo Dameron spotted a potential investor and politely excused himself, leaving Rey to return to the party alone. Hux had remained outside, watching and waiting. He moved out of the shadows, startling her as she walked by. "Are you having a good time?" He inquired, stepping up close to her. She felt uncomfortable but endeavoured not to show it, pasting on a fake smile. "Yes, it's an amazing place," she enthused. Hux leaned further in to speak intimately to her. "Kyle told me your little secret," he whispered. Noting the expression of horror on her face, he added. "Don't worry, I won't breathe a word. Anyone who can fuck a smile onto Renn's face is well worth the money in my book." Rey had never felt so cheap and small. She hurried away, holding in her distress. Not wanting to give him the satisfaction of seeing her cry. It occurred to her that she should leave right there and then. She still had most of the money Kyle paid her for their first night together. The shoes and dress she had on would fetch a decent amount on eBay. Twenty thousand pounds could solve a lot of problems, but she'd be sacrificing her remaining dignity to collect it. Before she could take flight, a familiar tall brooding figure came stalking towards her. "The driver is bringing the car around," Kyle informed her. "Come on, we're leaving." He turned his back on her, expecting that she'd follow him. There were things she had left at the hotel; her old clothes and the bag with the money in it. She had to go with him if only to retrieve her stuff. Rey swept the tears from her cheeks and reined in her emotions. She had been a fool to imagine he held her in any kind of regard. He enjoyed having sex with her and that was all. Any idea she had about him seeing her as more than a prostitute vanished with Hux's smug satisfaction at knowing the truth. The car journey passed mostly in strained silence. Both passengers were occupied with their own thoughts. When they were almost at the hotel, Kyle ceased his blank gazing out of the window and turned to Rey. She had chosen to sit as far from him as she could get. "I'm glad you were able to find a friend at the party." He appeared to be upset about something. She furrowed her brow confused for a moment as to who he might be referring to, and then she realised. Kyle must have seen them chatting. "Oh, you mean Paolo Dameron?" Rey saw him curl his lip in disgust which further inflamed her anger. He had no right to be unhappy about it. "Yeah, well, Petra's a total cow and Hux has got a stick the size of the Shard up his arse," she spat. "Anyway, it's not as if you were interested in keeping me company. Paolo is a proper gentleman, not like… Oh, never mind." His sour expression told her she might as well save her breath. It wasn't worth arguing when she had already made up her mind to leave. The car pulled up outside the hotel and Kyle didn't wait for the driver to open the door. Rey shot out after him eager to grab her stuff from his room. He stomped ahead of her clenching his fists. She had seen him do that before and wasn't worried he would hit her. Still, the faster she could get away from him, the better as far as she was concerned. Once they got inside the door, he slammed it shut. "Is that what I'm paying you for?" Kyle hissed through clenched teeth. "To tout for business with other guys when my back is turned, huh?" Rey couldn't speak for a second, and then she exploded in a fit of righteous indignation. "How dare you - you monster!" She screeched. "You go around telling Hux and god knows who else that I'm a prostitute and then accuse me of touting for custom?" Kyle's face twisted with rage. "I warned him not to say anything," he snarled, imagining gripping the ginger haired executive by the throat. "Yeah, well, he did." Rey went to get her bag from the bedroom and grabbed a few of the designer dresses from the closet. "Besides, Paolo Dameron wouldn't be interested in me that way. My flatmate Finn would be more his cup of tea." Kyle followed her, watching with alarm as she gathered her things together. "What are you doing?" He stood in the doorway, his tall frame blocking her escape route. "You can keep your money." Rey glared at him with contempt. "I don't have much but I'd like to hold on to whatever shred of dignity I've got left." She held her clothes tight to her chest and stepped towards him. "Please, get out of my way so I can go." He kept as still as a statue, his face blank. She stood her ground refusing to back down. After a long moment, Kyle moved aside to let her pass. Heaving a sigh of relief, she headed for the door. Rey could feel his eyes burning into her with every step. She pushed onwards, refusing to look in his direction. He means nothing to me, she told herself, determined to walk out of his life forever. Notes: Argh, sorry for the angst, people. But I am trying to follow the story structure of Pretty Woman so it couldn't be all plain sailing. Thank you to everyone who has taken the time to leave a comment and kudos etc, it's much appreciated. Please do keep the feedback coming - Mrs. P Chapter 6 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Before she got more than a couple of steps out of the door, Kyle was on her. He couldn't let her walk away. "Please don't go," he begged the desperation in his voice bringing her to a standstill. "I didn't mean to hurt you and I'm sorry for everything. I saw you with Paolo Dameron and I didn't like it." Rey refused to turn and meet his gaze. "We were only talking," she insisted. "He's a nice guy and that's all there is to it." "I still didn't like it," Kyle pouted. "What about Hux?" She asked keeping her eyes fixed on the wall. "Why did you have to tell him about me?" "Hux thought you were spying for SkyTech and I had to set him straight. We are in the middle of the biggest deal of both our careers. I should have made something up but I just wasn't prepared," he explained. "I'll make him sorry for upsetting you, I promise you that. What did he say to you, anyway?" Tears welled in her eyes and Rey bit on her lower lip to keep them at bay. "It doesn't matter," she murmured. "It matters to me," Kyle said aching to close the space between them and wrap her up in his arms. "You matter to me." Rey turned to face him her mouth open in surprise at his declaration. He held his hand out to her. "Please, stay with me for the rest of the week. I don't want you to go. It's only three more days." The voice inside her head yelled at her to run away as fast as she could. Rey chose to ignore it. She didn't really want to leave, and not just because of the money. "Alright," she almost whispered. "But don't ever treat me like that again." Her firm warning left Kyle duly chastened as he followed her back into the hotel room. At first, things were awkward between them. He hungered to glide his tongue over every sweet inch of her but didn't want her to feel under any obligation to have sex with him. Rey went into the bedroom to put her dresses on hangers and change out of her gown. He ambled after her, lumbering about in the doorway. "I could, um, sleep on the couch tonight," he suggested, nervously raking a hand through his hair. Rey finished organising the closet and turned to look at him. She couldn't help finding him adorable. Being such a tall, broad-chested man, he didn't seem to know what to do with his body when he got anxious. He fidgeted about like an overgrown kid. "Come here," she said holding her hand out to him. Kyle obeyed, sheepishly stumbling towards her. Rey grabbed him by his tie and reeled him in for a tender kiss. Their gentle touches soon heated up until they were writhing about on the bed. She could feel him hard and desperate for more as he peeled off her dress. "I want to fucking live between your thighs," he growled as he nipped, sucked, and licked at her flesh. With the help of his teeth, her soaked lace panties were torn from her. Kyle couldn't wait to bury his tongue in her hot wet pussy. He vocalised his pleasure as he feasted on her. Rey got so turned on from watching and hearing him, she knew she wouldn't last long. She could feel her orgasm building from the tips of her toes. He hit her sweet spot and her hips bucked as she came sending delicious shockwaves through her body. He gave her no time to recover, climbing up and entering her with one long, deep stroke. His thrusts were urgent and his kisses fierce. "You feel so good," Kyle breathed in her ear. "You're gonna make me come so hard." Rey raked her short nails over his toned chest, brushing over his sensitive nipples. "Oh, f-uck," he cried slamming into her as she braced herself against the headboard. He hit his peak with a guttural roar, spilling his hot cum inside her. Once his breathing had calmed, Kyle covered her with kisses, bringing her to orgasm again with his fingers. It took her a while to recover, and so he held her in his arms, his head resting against her thundering heart. "Tell me about yourself," he pleaded as they turned to face each other, their limbs intertwined. Rey hesitated reluctant to impart her deepest secrets. "Hey," he said reaching out to stroke her cheek. "I know after what happened with Hux you're probably feeling gun-shy, but you can trust me, I swear." She bit her lower lip contemplating his promise. No one except Finn knew or cared about her past. "Alright," she sighed, "but I don't want you feeling sorry for me. It is what it is." Kyle nodded part of him concerned that he shouldn't be getting so involved while also knowing it was too late to worry about that. "I was orphaned at the age of six. My father was a soldier and he died from sniper fire while serving in the Balkans. It was just me and my mum for the next four years, until she got diagnosed with an aggressive form of ovarian cancer. She died soon after and I had no other family to take me in. I ended up in a children's home and that's where I met my BFF, Finn. He'd been living with his grandmother, but she had a stroke and couldn't take care of him any longer. Both of us got shunted around for years in and out of foster care. No one wants to adopt older kids. When I was thirteen, I got placed with a creepy guy called Hugo Plutt and his mousy wife. He owned a scrap metal business and he showed me how to strip old cars for parts. I had to work for him every spare minute I got or he withheld my meals. He leered at me all the time and talked about what he'd like to do to me. I couldn't get anyone except Finn to believe what he was like. Plutt never actually molested me, but the threat was always there. I stood a few years of it, until I finished my GCSE exams and then I ran away. Finn is a little bit older than me and he'd already aged out of the care system. We ended up staying in some crummy hostels and even spent nights sleeping on the streets. A homeless charity helped us get jobs and temporary accommodation. I worked in a cafe and Finn in a nightclub, but we couldn't get enough money together to rent anywhere decent. It's not like either of us planned on making this our chosen profession. Finn met an older woman at the nightclub who ran an escort agency. She made it sound so easy and we were desperate. I didn't want to do it and I stuck with the waitressing until the cafe owner decided to sell up. Me and Finn had just found a nice two-bedroomed flat to rent and we were going to lose it if we couldn't find the deposit. He was making good money but it wasn't enough. I called Sheila, the woman who runs the escort agency, and she set me up with a client. I had just turned eighteen, and my experience of sex consisted of losing my virginity a few months earlier to a guy I'd worked with at the cafe. The first time was with a man old enough to be my father, it was awful. I ended up being sick afterwards. But then I got some regulars and it wasn't so bad. It isn't as if it's anyone's childhood dream; we do what we have too to get by." Rey had spoken in a matter-of-fact way and without a trace of self-pity. Her story moved him. Kyle was left awed by her strength of character. She found a way to survive the bad hand she'd been dealt, and who was he to judge her life choices? An idea had been forming in his mind; he wanted to make things better for her somehow. He wasn't accustomed to caring so much about another person's welfare and he felt out of his depth. "If you got the chance to do something else, what would you do?" Kyle inquired knowing she would likely refuse any handouts, but he could help her get started down a new career path. "There's a college course I've been looking into," Rey mused. "I've always been good at fixing stuff like cars and electronic gadgets." She was full of surprises. "You're a woman of many talents." Kyle gave her a suggestive smirk. "I don't know about that," Rey blushed never one to take compliments easily. "What would you need to get started?" He kept his tone casual, hoping she wouldn't get offended. He was being sweet, she realised that, but she couldn't accept his charity. "The twenty thousand will cover it," Rey said in such a way as to dissuade him from pushing the matter any further. Kyle backed off without argument. After their reconciliation, he didn't want to upset her again. His heart clenched at the idea of having to leave her to resume her life of hardship. Somewhere in the back of his mind, he fantasised a future for them together, but they were such different people. He would be turning thirty soon and she was almost nine years his junior. With his life in New York and hers in London, it couldn't possibly work out in the long term. He swore to himself that he would find some way to help her before their time together came to an end. Kyle had been all set to rip Hux a new one when he got to the office. However, the slippery weasel kept evading his grasp. A conference call from Snoke finally got them in the same room together, but it didn't go the way he planned. Hux had used his initiative and got his contact at First Order bank to put some serious pressure on SkyTech. A deadline had been set for them to clear their outstanding debts by the end of the week or the company would have no choice but to go into administration. Hux presented his intervention as being in service of Snoke Industries. However, Kyle knew the ginger rat only served himself. He had been off his game, he accepted that, but he'd come to realise it was because he still cared about his family. Perhaps if he could speak to his uncle again, they might be able to work something out. Snoke wanted SkyTech to become part of his empire stripped of its identity as he had been. Kyle didn't want to see the destruction of the business his grandfather started. In that respect, his goal hadn't changed in six years, despite what he owed to Randolf Snoke. If he went against his benefactor now, it would be the end of his career with the company. He needed to come up with a plan before he lost everything. For the rest of the day, Kyle avoided Hux. The temptation to strangle the ginger menace was too strong and he needed to bide his time. Luke Skywalker refused to take his calls. The situation had reached an impasse and so he decided he might as well go back to the hotel. His time with Rey would soon be at an end and he wanted to make the most of it. He met Petra on his way out of the office. "Leaving already, sir?" She gave him a knowing smirk. Kyle glowered at her; Hux had obviously told her the truth about Rey. "We've been sent some complimentary tickets to a selection of West End shows," she informed him. "There are two for tonight's performance of Miss Saigon if you fancy it? You could take your - friend. " He snatched the tickets from her hand and stormed out of the door. As he walked out of the building, it occurred to him that he didn't know why he'd taken them. He knew nothing of musicals and cared even less. But it might be something Rey would enjoy, he considered as he journeyed back to the hotel. The limo stopped at a red light and Kyle spotted a jewellery store. A spontaneous compulsion overtook him and he ordered the driver to pull up outside. Rey had never been to the theatre before. She recalled seeing her high school production of Bugsy Malone when she was fourteen. Other than that, the only musicals she'd seen were in movie form. The idea of watching the action unfold before her on stage was thrilling. She put on the red Valentino, sleeveless, midi-dress she'd bought, hoping it wasn't too flamboyant with its ruffled collar and a bow at the waist. "Do I look okay?" She inquired stepping out of the bedroom to where Kyle was waiting for her. His eyes appraised her as he pretended to contemplate the matter. "Hmm, pretty spectacular, but there's something missing," he pondered. Rey hurried over to the mirror turning around to check her dress from all angles. "What's missing?" She had a hint of alarm in her voice. "Because I'm not sure anything else would fit inside this dress." Kyle reached for a square, black velvet box from the table. "Maybe this might help," he suggested as he handed it over to her. Rey gingerly took it, both excited to see what was inside and concerned about him spending money on yet another expensive gift. "Oh, my god!" she exclaimed as her eyes fell upon the contents. The Eternity diamond necklace was made up of over a hundred graduated round cut stones set in platinum. "My grandmother had one just like it that my grandfather bought for her," Kyle explained. "It now belongs to my mother, although I've never seen her wear it." "I - I don't know what to say," Rey floundered as she ran her finger over the necklace. "You don't like it?" Kyle frowned worried that it might not be to her taste. "No," she interjected, "it's not that at all, I - thank you." Her eyes filled with tears; no one had ever bought her such an exquisite gift. She didn't have the heart to get angry about the money he'd spent, although she guessed it cost a lot more than twenty thousand pounds. He helped her put it on, carefully moving her hair aside. Once he had the clasp fastened, he held her in his arms as they both looked into the mirror. "Beautiful," he sighed pressing a tender kiss to her cheek. Kyle got the urge to forget the theatre and fuck her senseless while she wore the necklace and nothing else. But he knew she really wanted to go and he didn't want to deny her the experience. He would fuck her senseless later. Neither of them knew a thing about Miss Saigon. Kyle bought a programme, but they were late arriving at the theatre and only just had time to get into their box seats before the curtain went up. Based on the opera Madame Butterfly, it told the tragic tale of a doomed romance between an orphaned Vietnamese girl forced into prostitution and an American GI. The plot turned out to be a little too close to their situation for Kyle's comfort. He suspected mischief on Petra's part in giving him tickets to this particular show. Rey didn't appear to share his mortification and stayed seemingly transfixed throughout the whole thing. She said little during the interval and Kyle worried she might be upset. But she spent the second act as absorbed in the spectacle as the first. There were tears running down her cheeks by the end, and she gratefully accepted his handkerchief to wipe them away. After the cast took their bows to a thunderous standing ovation, they got up to leave. "So that was, uh, kinda intense," Kyle said as they stepped out into the cool night air. "I loved it," Rey declared her eyes still glistening with tears. "But the ending was so sad," he lamented, having not expected the main female character to commit suicide. She nodded a thoughtful expression on her face. "People always go on about happily ever after, but it's the tragic love stories that endure. Like Romeo and Juliet or Cathy and Heathcliff in Wuthering Heights. Look at Titanic, that movie was massive and Jack and Rose were only reunited in death." Kyle didn't argue; he never saw himself as a romantic. Before Rey came into his life, he had kept a tight lock on his heart, never allowing anyone inside. Somehow, without even realising it, she had found the key. "Let's get back to the hotel," he said putting his arm around her to stave off the cold. "It's getting late and I have a couple of business calls to make." "I wish we could spend a whole day together," Rey idly remarked as she snuggled close to him in the back of the limo. It wasn't something she expected to happen; Kyle had to work, it was the reason he came to London in the first place. Still, she pictured them taking a boat trip down the Thames and having a picnic together in Greenwich Park. Kyle contemplated taking a day off. He knew he really ought to keep his eye on Hux, but the idea of it was so tempting. In his six years with Snoke Industries, he could count the holidays he'd taken on the fingers of both hands and still have a few to spare. If there were no messages from his uncle when he checked his phone again, perhaps he would make her wish come true. Notes: In Pretty Woman, Edward takes Vivian to see the opera La traviata (The Fallen Woman) but I wanted to use something a bit more modern with a similar theme. I've never actually seen Miss Saigon (only clips on YouTube) and I should apologise for dropping a big spoiler about the ending, in case anyone reading this is planning on seeing it. A big thank you to everyone reading this fic, and especially to those taking the time to leave a comment and kudos. Your kind words mean so much and help me to find a smile through life's low points - Mrs. P Chapter 7 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The autumn breeze had a chill to it. Rey tugged the sleeves of her cream cardigan down glad she'd slipped it on over her thin floral summer dress. Kyle hired a small cruiser for their boat trip on the Thames. Thanks to his father, he knew how to navigate on water as well as on land. After stopping on a whim for a tour of Shakespeare's Globe Theatre, they moored up at Greenwich. The park had started to fill up with people eager to make the most of a warm late September day. Kyle vetoed two potential picnic spots for being too crowded leaving Rey desperately hunting for a less populated area. "How about here?" She pointed hopefully to a sunny patch away from other picnickers and the shade of the trees. Since leaving the boat, Kyle had been glued to his phone screen. He tore his gaze away from it long enough to critically survey their surroundings. Al fresco dining wasn't really his style, at least not from a picnic basket, but Rey wanted to do it and found he couldn't refuse her. She took his lack of reply as a sign of rejection of the third spot she'd chosen. Letting out a puff of exasperation, she moved a little further up the grassy slope and began to unfurl the blanket. "We're sitting here," she declared her steely glare daring him to argue. "I'm absolutely famished and you can't give your phone your undivided attention if you have to keep finding fault with my location spotting, can you?" Her joy at Kyle taking the day off work to spend with her began to fade as he paid more attention to checking his phone than to her. "Sorry," he sheepishly slipped the device into his pocket. His uncle had finally sent him a text message; call his mother first and then they could talk. No amount of re-reading it would make it say anything different, he knew that. Tomorrow might well be the end of SkyTech and Luke Skywalker was once again willing to risk the future of the company for a higher principal. Kyle felt all his old anger and resentment rising. If that's the way his uncle wanted to play it, maybe he'd made the right choice, after all, to go with Snoke Industries. Rey couldn't help sneaking glances at him as he lay sprawled out on the grass. She had never seen Kyle dressed so casually and it suited him. He wore a plain black t-shirt and matching jeans with a dark brown leather jacket. She could see his thoughts were elsewhere and it pained her. "You didn't have to be out here with me if you have important work to be getting on with." She tried not to sound hurt and failed. "We've only got today and tomorrow night together. I just wanted to… Never mind, it doesn't matter." A cloud drifted over the sun and it suddenly felt much cooler. Rey began unpacking the contents of the basket, slamming down the plates with such force they might have shattered if they weren't made out of melamine. She took a deep breath to calm herself, knowing she had no right to be upset with him after all he'd done for her. Kyle caught one of her hands in his and pulled her forward to meet his eager lips. "Believe me," he implored giving her a smouldering gaze, "there's nowhere else on earth I'd rather be." She broke into a wide smile, her distress over his recent distracted behaviour forgotten. The picnic, which the hotel had put together for them, didn't take long to devour. Kyle had a large appetite to match his frame and Rey always ate every meal as if it might be her last. Old habits she'd picked up in children's homes, like where other kids would steal her food if she lingered too long over it, were hard to break. She sipped at her Champagne, though, still unaccustomed to such luxuries. As they glanced out on the city skyline, Kyle fumbled around in the pocket of his jacket and pulled out a small red-bound book. Rey's eyes widened in surprise to see it was a collection of Shakespeare's sonnets. She thought she saw him buy something at the gift shop when they'd taken a tour of the Globe Theatre. After watching a sword fighting display and listening to a romantic soliloquy from Romeo and Juliet, he'd obviously been moved to acquaint himself further with the bard's works. Kyle cleared his throat as he fumbled through the pages with his large hands. "I, um, would like to read you something," he began, falteringly, his cheeks taking on a pink tinge. Rey nodded her heart fluttering in anticipation. His deep voice did things to her and she suddenly wished they weren't in such a public location. Kyle found the page he'd marked with a turned down corner and started to read it aloud. " When, in disgrace with fortune and men's eyes, I all alone beweep my outcast state, And trouble deaf heaven with my bootless cries, And look upon myself, and curse my fate, Wishing me like to one more rich in hope, Featur'd like him, like him with friends possess'd, Desiring this man's art and that man's scope, With what I most enjoy contented least; Yet in these thoughts myself almost despising, Haply I think on thee, and then my state, Like to the lark at break of day arising From sullen earth, sings hymns at heaven's gate; For thy sweet love remember'd such wealth brings That then I scorn to change my state with kings." He glanced up at her to find her brushing away a tear. "That's so beautiful," Rey sniffed. He could give her a hundred diamond necklaces and none would be as precious to her as the moment he spent reciting that sonnet. Grateful and touched as she'd been by his expensive gift, the best things in life really were free as far as she was concerned. She leaned in to thank him with a kiss. It soon escalated until they were rolling around on the picnic blanket, in danger of putting on a public display of their passion. "I want you so bad," Kyle drawled in her ear. Rey felt her arousal making the tops of her thighs damp. "There must be a quiet spot around here somewhere," she gasped, desperate to have him inside her. Their eyes scanned the landscape until they simultaneously spied a wooded area at the top of the hill. Most of the lunchtime picnickers had begun to head back to work or wherever else their afternoons took them. It would be risky giving way to their passion in a public place, but lust made them daring. "Grab the blanket and leave the rest," Kyle commanded. He tugged impatiently at her hand and the pair of them bounded up the hill towards the woodland. Fallen leaves dotted the ground as the lush greens of summer gave way to the melancholic golds and reds of autumn. The foliage mercifully remained thick enough to hide them from prying eyes. In the midst of fevered kisses, Rey tossed the blanket to the ground. Kyle pushed her up against a thick tree trunk and she could feel the rough bark grating her through her thin clothing. With one hand, he trailed his fingers up the soft skin of her thighs and yanked down her soaked panties. "Lie down on the blanket," she instructed him her eyes burning with desire. He did as she asked unbuckling his belt and unzipping his jeans. His erection strained against his boxers and she knelt down to free him. She kicked off her underwear and straddled him, wasting no time in impaling herself on his hard cock. He let out a hiss of pleasure as her velvet heat encased him. The flared skirt of her dress covered where they were joined. Not that it would disguise the true nature of their activities should they be discovered, but neither of them cared. "You feel so good inside me," Rey purred as she rode him. "You're so wet for me," Kyle gazed up at her in awe. He brought his fingers to her slick folds and rubbed his thumb against her throbbing clit. "Oh," she gasped increasing her pace, "I'm going to come all over your magnificent cock." Kyle held onto her waist and thrust his hips up to meet hers. Both of them were racing towards their peak. She crested first slamming down on him in such a frenzy he exploded inside of her. He pulled her in for a kiss to muffle the aftershocks of their passion. If the old man walking his Wire Hair Fox Terrier nearby saw or heard anything he shouldn't, he gave no indication of it. Rey watched the dog walker pass and collapsed into blissful giggles against Kyle's chest. "That was so naughty, but oh so nice." He wrapped his arms around her tenderly pressing his lips to her forehead. Something had changed in him. He wasn't sure what exactly only that he felt different. Perhaps it was the innate loneliness he'd felt since childhood which had slowly been ebbing away with each day he'd spent with the girl in his arms. She fitted there so perfectly as if she was the missing piece he'd been searching for all his life. For her part, Rey had never been as contented as she was wrapped in his embrace. It wasn't the sex, mind blowing as it was, but rather a feeling of belonging. No one in her life, except Finn, had ever made her believe she mattered. Kyle treated her with respect. He didn't think less of her for her humble beginnings or for the choices she'd made. Foolish as it was to let herself get so attached to him, Rey couldn't help it. It broke her heart to know he would soon be heading back to New York. He might as well live on another planet for all the likelihood of her ever visiting him there. It would do no good to dwell on it; she knew that and resolved to push the unhappy thought from her mind. There was nothing else for it if she wanted to enjoy the short time they had left together. Kyle felt her shiver in his arms, thinking her to be cold he got up and pulled her to her feet alongside him. "We should get back to the boat," he said making sure his jeans were fastened. He handed Rey the blanket so she could clean herself up as best she could, promising her a long soak in a hot bath before he took her out for dinner. Kyle grabbed her discarded underwear and stuffed them in his pocket along with the book of sonnets. Somewhere along the way, he had fallen in love with her and it terrified him. After dinner, they took a walk together by the Thames. The stars were barely visible in the clear night sky because of the light pollution. But the moon shone brightly, its silver beams reflecting on the inky waters of the river below them. Kyle couldn't stop dwelling on his uncle's message. He wanted to heal his family rift, but he didn't know how to begin. After six years estranged from them, he worried they wouldn't want him back at all. Earlier, while Rey took her bath, he'd keyed his mother's number into his phone. He sat staring at the send button for what seemed like an eternity. When it came to it, he couldn't make the call. In the space of a week, his carefully constructed life had begun falling to pieces. His realisation about the depth of his feelings for Rey had shaken him to the core. If he confessed his love only for her to reject it, Kyle knew he wouldn't be able to bear it. And even if she did want to be with him, it might not work out. He had never been in love before or sustained a relationship past a couple of weeks. It would be much better for him, he resolved, if he concluded his business in the way he intended from the start. Snoke Industries would acquire SkyTech for a bargain price and he would take the company apart like the old man wanted. He had to let go of foolish dreams. The life he'd chosen was in New York and it was almost time to get back to it. "Is everything alright?" Rey inquired giving him a worried look. "You've gone awfully quiet." In an attempt to disguise her inner turmoil over the way she felt about him, she'd ended up wittering on about the artsy food they'd been served at the restaurant. She feared she had bored him to death with her observations on mint sorbet. The truth of it was he moved in circles where a person needed four different forks to get through dinner, while she practically lived on pizza. Kyle looked into her hazel eyes and tried to memorise every fleck. He did the same with the freckles across her nose. He kissed her underneath the moonlight as if they were in a romantic movie. "Let's go back to the hotel," he said his voice low and seductive. The days they had spent together would become a fond memory. Something he could summon up when he felt all alone in the world. He rested his head against hers as she nestled up to him in the back of the limo. In that moment, he knew contentment. Once they arrived at Claridges, Kyle received a few messages from his New York office he needed to catch up on. He got ready for bed first so he could get the work out of the way while Rey used the bathroom. The prospect of what he was about to do to his family business gave him no pleasure. He wanted to forget about it for a while and make some more memories with the woman he loved. It didn't take him long to answer his outstanding emails and he closed up his laptop and waited for Rey to reappear. He only meant to rest his eyes for a few seconds but ended up dozing off. Rey had called Finn from the bathroom in a state of desperation. "Calm down, babe," he pleaded as she babbled on. "I need you to come to the hotel tomorrow morning, I have to talk to you in person," she explained as clearly as she could in her emotional state. "What's going on?" Finn asked his concern for her growing. "Is it that Kyle bloke? Has he upset you?" She took a shuddering breath unable to stop her tears. "It is about Kyle but it's nothing bad… Well, it's not exactly good, either. I mean, you warned me and I still couldn't help it. He is so sweet and sexy and I don't know what the hell to do. He's going back to New York soon and I can't bear the thought of losing him." "Oh, Rey," Finn sighed wishing he could give her a big hug. "It's late but I think you should come home right now or at least first thing in the morning. Don't stay the last night with him. You're gonna end up saying something you'll regret and he will break your heart." "It's already breaking," she wept. "I want to stay, though." "I'll meet you outside the hotel tomorrow morning. Call me when you're ready. We'll talk about it then, okay?" Rey agreed and they said their goodnights. She splashed cold water on her face and took deep breaths to calm herself. Kyle would be wondering what was taking her so long. She finished up and stepped into the bedroom to find him asleep. He had propped himself up against the pillows, his bare chest exposed by the blankets pooled around his waist and his raven hair falling over his face in waves. Rey inched closer to the bed. He looked so peaceful; she didn't want to wake him. She sat down by his side and gazed at him for a while imagining an impossible future. Hiring her services for a week was one thing, but he'd already told her he wasn't looking to get into a relationship. For all the wonderful things Kyle had done for her, he never once spoke of extending their arrangement. Not that she wanted him to keep paying her for sex, but she did want to see him again. Rey tore her gaze away from him with a sorrowful sigh; she'd never even had a proper boyfriend. Her line of work wasn't exactly relationship friendly. How many guys would want their girlfriends sleeping with other men for money? She'd be willing to bet there wouldn't be a lot of takers for that arrangement. Kyle stirred in his sleep muttering something she couldn't quite make out. His sensual mouth looked so tempting. Rey couldn't help herself and she leaned in, brushing his lips gently with her own. His eyes flew open and he kissed her back with an unexpected intensity. She could feel his excitement growing as he eased her down against the bed, his mouth never leaving hers. He kicked off his pyjama bottoms and she wriggled out of her white silk slip. No words were exchanged; none were needed as their bodies communicated their shared desires. When they were both sated, they laid blissfully exhausted in each other's arms. Enough time had passed in silence that Rey thought Kyle had nodded off. She held tight to him wishing he knew how she felt. "I love you," she murmured relieved to confess it even if he couldn't hear. He opened his eyes, unsure if he'd been caught in a dream. Rey appeared to be sleeping and so he concluded he must have imagined it. Heaving a wistful sigh, Kyle buried his face in her hair fantasising about a life that could never be. Notes: The Shakespeare sonnet I used in this chapter is the one that Edward reads to Vivian during the scene in Pretty Woman where they are laid out on the grass together. Thanks again to everyone reading this fic and leaving lovely comments and kudos. It truly means the world to me to get such wonderful feedback - Mrs. P Chapter 8 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Rey slept heavier than she expected given her inner turmoil. The clock by the bed told her it had already turned eight which meant Finn would be arriving in less than an hour. She still didn't know what she wanted to do. If she stayed with Kyle it would only make it harder on her when they had to part, but she wasn't ready for their time together to come to an end. One more night was better than nothing. She glanced at the empty space beside her and gave a wistful sigh. Kyle had almost finished his breakfast when she stepped out of the bedroom wearing just her robe. She didn't waste time dressing worried he might already have left for the office. Rey took a seat beside him at the table. "You should have woken me." "I had to work." He gestured to his laptop, a pensive expression on his face. She fidgeted with her napkin; there were so many things she wanted to say but he seemed distant and distracted. With the imminent conclusion of the SkyTech deal, he was bound to be stressed. He hadn't wanted to discuss it whenever she raised the subject and so she let it be. In truth, Kyle had been mostly preoccupied with devising some way he could see Rey again. He still wanted to help her make a better future for herself even if there was no place for him in it. She wouldn't accept a handout, but she might be willing to enter into some kind of business arrangement, he speculated. "I, um, don't usually get over to London more than a couple of times a year, but, um…" he began his hesitant tone betraying his uncertainty regarding her response. "I would like to see you again." Rey's heart leapt. "You would?" She broke into a wide smile daring to dream he shared her feelings. His mood brightened, hopeful she would accept his offer. "I was thinking I'd fly over here for a weekend maybe once every couple of months. I could rent an apartment for you, get you a car, and arrange a bank account, whatever you want. You could go to college; I would take care of everything. What do you say?" Her face fell, he wasn't offering her his heart, all he wanted was a continuation of their present arrangement however he tried to dress it up. Rey couldn't do it, not with him. Her regular clients were one thing, she wasn't in love with any of them, but to keep seeing Kyle with no hope of anything beyond financial gain would break her. To accept would be to keep fooling herself that she could one day be more to him than a business transaction. She met his expectant gaze. "It's a really great offer and I don't want you to think I'm not grateful, but I can't." Rey got up and walked out onto the small balcony. The autumnal air was fresh against her skin. Kyle stared at her back unsure of what to do next. He couldn't understand her rejection of his generous proposal. No expense would be spared and she wouldn't have to sell her body to anyone else. Not that she would be selling it to him, she was worth so much more than that. He moved to stand beside her as she gazed out on the street below her hair whipping around in the breeze. "I thought we had a good time together. Now it seems like you can't wait to be rid of me." Rey swung around to face him confused that he looked and sounded so hurt. "How can you think that?" She gasped. "It's not that at all. This past week with you has been like a fairy tale come true, but fairy tales don't usually end with the prince buying his own personal prostitute." "It wouldn't be like that, I've never thought of you that way," Kyle argued. "You could be anything you wanted to be." "Well, I'd certainly need something to pass the time while I waited for your flying visits," Rey huffed giving into her exasperation. "What else can I offer you?" He threw his hands up in the air perplexed by her attitude. "I don't know what you want from me." She took a deep breath and decided to lay her heart on the line. "I want you," she declared, "Not the money and all the other fancy things, just you." Kyle gazed at her in bewilderment too shocked to speak. Rey waited for him to say something, anything, but the silence became deafening. Both of them jolted when his phone started to ring. Seeing Hux's name come up on the screen, Kyle knew he had to answer it. "What?" he growled into the speaker. Hux bristled at his rude tone but got straight down to business. "Paolo Dameron called; he wants to meet with us. Skywalker might be willing to see his company go down the tubes but his partner's got more sense. Better to sell to us than go bankrupt." "What time's the meeting?" Kyle's mind raced ahead of him, he couldn't let SkyTech be dismantled, not now. Rey wanted him and if he swallowed his pride, he could give her the family and stability she desperately craved. He had to make things right, somehow. "The meeting is set for eleven, don't be late. I'll have the paperwork ready." Hux signed off allowing himself a moment to preen over his success. There would be no deal without him and he expected his efforts to be rewarded. The cool breeze chilled Rey to the bone as she stood on the balcony in her thin silk robe, but she couldn't move until she got some response to her declaration. Kyle appeared deep in thought almost like he'd forgotten she was there. He made another brief call before returning his phone to his jacket pocket. A sick feeling settled in her stomach; her words had obviously horrified him and he was working on a way to get out as fast as he could. He eventually turned to meet her gaze, although she could see he would rather be anywhere but in her company. "I, um - I'm sorry, I've got to be somewhere." He fumbled around for his coat and grabbed his briefcase from the chair. "There's not much time and I really have to go, but I promise we'll talk later, okay?" With that, he practically ran out of the door leaving Rey devastated. Kyle hadn't meant to be insensitive. It occurred to him, as the limo pulled away from the hotel, he should have kissed her and said something about how much he wanted her too. He vowed he would make up it up to her after he saved SkyTech. Business and mending fences with his family had to be his top priority. The clock was ticking and he had less than three hours to undo the damage that had been accrued over many years. He would have to cover a lot of ground in that time. Rey managed to get showered and dressed without completely falling to pieces. Finn would soon be outside waiting for her and, although Kyle might not want her, her best friend would never let her down. She grabbed her bag and headed for the door. The sky above her looked grey and stormy as she made her way onto the street. Finn stood on the pavement a few metres ahead leaning awkwardly on his crutches, his warm smile a welcome sight. She greeted him with a hug and they made their way the short distance to Grosvenor Square Gardens. The place appeared to be mostly empty, perhaps due to the threat of rain, and they took a seat by the Grecian folly. Finn clutched her hand in his "It hurts me to see you looking so sad." "I'll be okay," Rey said forcing a smile. "I've known him less than a week; I can't truly be in love with him. You know how easily attached I can get to people who are kind to me. It's pathetic really; you'd think I'd know better by now." "Don't be so hard on yourself." Her friend gazed at her adoringly. "You've got a big heart, and there ain't no shame in that." "It's just - I've never felt this way about a guy before and I thought he felt it too." She blinked back the tears and fanned at her face. Finn reached in his pocket and offered her a packet of tissues but she waved it away insisting she would be fine. "What do you want to do?" He asked. "I'll wait here for you if you want to go back to the hotel and get your stuff." Rey sighed deeply. "Kyle hasn't given me the money yet and I need it because I can't keep doing this. I know I'm worth more and even if he doesn't love me, he wants me to have a better life." She told Finn all about his offer to support her financially in exchange for the odd debauched weekend. "He must care about you." Her friend would always be on her side but he felt obliged to play devil's advocate in light of the generosity of the deal. "It could grow into love. I mean, he wants to keep seeing you, right?" Rey threw him a sceptical glance. "It would only be prolonging the agony. Life's not a fairytale, Finn, you know that. I'm certainly not Cinder-Freakin'-Rella and Kyle's no Prince Charming. He's a moody sod, but he has the cutest pouty lips that make me want to..." She stopped short stifling the urge to slap herself for going mushy over him. "Anyway, I'll wait for him to get back to the hotel and once he's paid up I'm out of there." She didn't expect him to object to her leaving, not after his vanishing act when she'd told him she wanted him. Kyle would no doubt welcome the opportunity to bring a premature end to their arrangement. He had told her he would rather deal in cold hard cash than invest in relationships. Rey broke their contract by falling in love with him and for that, she would have to pay the price. Kyle arrived at the offices of Snoke Industries with mere minutes to spare before the start of the meeting. He hoped he'd done enough to secure the future of SkyTech. Speaking with his mother had been the hardest part. She'd been genuinely happy to hear his voice and had made his task easier for him after confessing to carrying a burden of guilt for pushing him in Snoke's direction in the first place. He promised to Skype her and his father later and maybe introduce them to Rey if she felt ready to meet his parents. All kinds of crazy thoughts had been running through his head, like how long he should wait before proposing. Given the difference in their ages, she might not be ready for that kind of commitment. It would be an adjustment for them both. He decided to ask her to move in with him first and take it from there. "Where have you been?" Hux questioned his irritation clear as he stood waiting outside the conference room door. "I had important business elsewhere." Kyle shrugged off his coat unruffled by the ginger-haired executive's contemptuous glare. "Everyone's already here, even Skywalker. It looks like the old goat's finally seen sense," he sneered. Kyle allowed Hux to lead the way. Petra had been keeping the coffee flowing inside the conference room and she made the formal introductions as they took their seats. If everything had gone to plan, Luke Skywalker should be getting an important phone call at any second. He and Paolo Dameron were seated on the right-hand side of the table with their legal advisor, a shrewd-looking young Asian woman. Kyle took the seat at the head of the table with Hux, Petra and Dominic Mitaka, their jittery legal advisor, to his left. He acknowledged his uncle with a nod of his head silently hoping everything would work out. When Skywalker's phone started to ring, Kyle heaved a sigh of relief. The conversation was brief and Luke cast his nephew a strange glance as he ended the call. He leant in to whisper something into his business partner's ear before addressing the room. "Well, it appears that this meeting won't be necessary after all," he said with as much contrition as he could muster, "I must apologise for wasting your time." Hux looked fit to explode. "Would you mind telling me what the fuck is going on here?" His clipped tones cut through the air like a shard of glass. "SkyTech is solvent again," Luke explained. "A new investor has come forward and our debts with the bank have been settled. Our place in the defence contract negotiations has been assured and the Minister of Defence has indicated we are the preferred bidder." He couldn't contain his glee and he cast a grateful smile in his nephew's direction. The action didn't go unnoticed by Hux. He glared through narrowed eyes at the man he suspected of duplicity. Snoke would hear about this and he would get proof that Renn had conspired against them. "Well ladies, gentleman, it's been an unexpected pleasure," Paolo Dameron beamed as he got up to leave. Kyle intended to speak to his uncle and then return to the hotel to tell Rey everything. He had also been contemplating reclaiming his birth name. With his time at Snoke Industries almost over, he decided to tender his resignation directly to the old man upon his return to New York. For Snoke's past solicitude particularly when it came to his career, he owed him that much at least. Once the SkyTech contingent had left, Hux turned to the raven haired man, his cold blue eyes full of scorn. "You don't fool me, Ben Organa-Solo," he hissed. "I know you're behind this somehow." Kyle didn't care what he suspected. "You can't win them all," he shrugged. "Since my business here is now concluded, I'm going back to the hotel to pack." He grabbed his coat and headed for the door. "Thank you for your hospitality, Armitage." He left Hux fuming, his rival's deliberate accentuation of his name serving to further inflame his indignation. "Petra, I'm going to call Randolf Snoke and I'm not to be disturbed," he snapped as he swept into his office slamming the door behind him. Rey packed her new clothes and shoes back into the bags they came in. The black velvet jewellery box containing the diamond necklace sat on the dresser. She picked it up and opened it, sighing as she ran her finger over the stones before snapping it closed. Kyle bought it for her as a gift just because he thought she might like it, but she couldn't keep it. She had no use for such a trinket and she wouldn't feel right selling it. Setting it aside, she continued to gather her things together. Kyle had been gone for hours and it helped to keep busy while she waited for him to return. A knock at the door startled her. She went to answer it wondering if he'd forgotten his pass card that morning in his haste to leave. Instead, she found the stern face of Armitage Hux staring back at her. "Well, Miss Sands, we meet again," he said his smile more like a sneer. "I need to speak with Kyle or whatever he's calling himself these days." Rey frowned as she puzzled his meaning. "Do I have to stand here all afternoon?" The ginger haired man had dispensed with any pretence at politeness. "Kyle's not here, I thought he was at the office with you," she replied not wanting to let him in. "I'll wait then," Hux said as he barged past her and plonked himself down on the couch. "A drink wouldn't go amiss." He spoke to her as if she were no more than a servant. "The mini bar is over there." Rey pointed out the small fridge not caring if she was being a bad hostess. "Help yourself, why don't you?" He threw her a scornful glance as he went to select his beverage. All she could do was hope Kyle would return as soon as possible. As much as she'd been dreading seeing him again, anything had to be preferable to being alone with Hux. She seated herself as far along the couch from him as possible, cringing when he sidled closer to her. "So, how much do you charge?" He asked raising an eyebrow in curiosity as he swirled his glass of whisky. Rey drew away from him in horror. "Oh, come now, don't be so coy," Hux scolded. "Perhaps we could find a more pleasant way to pass the time. My almost-fiancée is a first class woman but she doesn't have your repertoire." "Kyle will be back any minute," she reminded him. "Back the fuck off." There hadn't been much call for her to use the self-defence techniques she'd practised over the years, but she wouldn't hesitate if he touched her. Hux downed his whisky and slammed the glass on the table. "I'll level with you, it's been a hellish day and I could do with a bit of stress relief." Rey tried to scoot past him but he got up to block her escape. "Get the hell away from me," she commanded ready to lash out at him. "Don't be like that," he chided taking a step towards her. "I'll pay the going rate." She kicked his shin and made a break for it. "Come back here, you little bitch," Hux snarled as he grabbed her wrist. "Get your hands off me," Rey shrieked struggling and slapping at him with all her might. Neither of them heard the door open. Kyle charged in and grabbed Hux around the neck. "How dare you touch her?" He increased his choke hold hauling the other man to the door where he finally released him. Hux, red-faced and spluttering, attempted to regain his composure. "She's a fucking whore," he rasped. Without warning, Kyle swung his fist and punched him square in the face sending him crashing to the floor with a bloody nose. "We are done. If I ever see you anywhere near Rey again, I'll kill you," he warned. "You're finished at Snoke Industries, Kyle," Hux spat as he reached for his handkerchief. "I know, and my name's Ben," he hissed through clenched teeth as he slammed the door in the other man's face. It took him a moment to reign in his temper. If Rey hadn't been there, he would have done Hux some serious damage. He couldn't bear to see another man laying his hands on her. She put on a brave face but he could see her trembling. There were tears in her eyes as he wrapped his arms around her. "It's okay," he soothed stroking her hair. "I won't let anyone hurt you." Rey eased out of his embrace and went to get her coat from the bed where she'd left it. Ben's eyes fell upon the bags she'd stacked outside the bedroom and a bolt of panic shot through him. He followed her and stood in the doorway. "What's going on?" She hadn't expected things to unfold the way they did. After what happened with Hux, she couldn't take any more drama. "I want to go home," Rey said feeling like a lost little girl again. "But, I don't understand," Ben glanced back at the bags, it wasn't a spur of the moment thing, she had planned to leave. "I got carried away this morning; I didn't mean what I said." She turned her gaze away from him hoping he wouldn't be able to tell she was lying. "I've had a great time but all good things must come to an end. If you want to deduct something from the twenty grand for me not staying tonight, I won't object." He was too stunned to speak. His eyes fell on the black jewellery box she'd left on the night stand. "It was sweet of you to buy it for me," Rey said noting him staring at the necklace, "but I can't keep it." Ben felt as if he might vomit. All the plans he'd been building for their future were crumbling before him. This wasn't the way it was supposed to go. "I don't have the money ready yet." He sounded dazed as he located his briefcase and took out a wad of crisp notes. "There's five thousand, I think." Rey didn't know what to do. Hesitantly, she took the cash and put it in her bag before finding a piece of paper to scribble her address on. "You can send the rest here," she said as she went to grab her things. The words he needed to say to stop her leaving were on his lips but he couldn't get them out. Willing herself to stay strong, Rey turned to look at him. "Goodbye, Ben," she smiled glad to be able to address him by his real name for once. "Thank you, for everything. I had a good time, the best, and I'll never forget you." All he could do was watch her leave. Notes: Argh, more angst, sorry! (Anyone worried about how things will end should read the tags ;-)) This is the penultimate chapter so I had to fit in quite a few twists and turns. I hope it wasn't too disorientating. Thank you all for taking the time to read my fanfic and please do leave a comment - Mrs. P Chapter 9 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Ben stood in a stupor not quite believing what had just transpired. His eyes drifted over a number of breakable objects lingering on a crystal vase that, once upon a time, he would have sent crashing into the nearest wall. But now, he found he didn't have the heart. With a dejected sigh, he walked towards the bed and flopped onto it face down. His phone started to ring but he ignored it. After he'd received half a dozen missed calls, Ben pulled the device out of his pocket ready to smash it into pieces. However, when he saw his mother's name displayed on the screen, he reluctantly answered. "Mom, I screwed up again and I don't know how to fix it." Rey hailed a cab, leaving behind the opulence of the hotel without a second glance. The only thing she would miss about it was the man she'd left there. He hadn't made any attempt to get her to stay, and it stung. Mistaking his stunned heartbreak for indifference, all she could think was that he didn't even say goodbye. Rey gazed out of the taxi window revisiting the previous night in her mind. He'd made love to her so tenderly, almost reverently, and they had been as connected as two people could be. She'd felt so close to him. Maybe he just got scared about the commitment, she mused turning it over in her mind until it drove her crazy. Rey gave herself a mental shake; she couldn't go on thinking like that. Whatever she'd shared with Kyle, or Ben, she wasn't even sure which, was over. Perhaps it had all been an illusion in the end. Finn met her at the door of their shared second floor flat with a hug and a box of her favourite chocolates. "You're the man of my dreams, do you know that?" She teased him fondly, glad to be home. "Damn straight," he winked "if only I was. Look, babe, if you want to talk about…" Rey waved her finger from side to side to stop him. "No, no talking about anything tonight but boxes, bitches and back rolls." Finn gave her the thumbs up sign. "Perfect, because I've already got the pizzas ordered and RuPaul's Drag Race is good to go on Netflix." "You know me too well," she said dumping her bags in her room. The unpacking could wait; she wasn't ready to deal with it just yet. Every piece of clothing would only stir up memories she was trying not to dwell on. "Right, let's get this party started." Rey smiled brightly, a little too brightly Finn thought, but he didn't say anything. The pair of them huddled up on their small couch, happy to be distracted from life's cares for a while. Ben lay sprawled on the bed mulling over his mother's advice. He turned to the empty space beside him, his hand resting where Rey should be. An awful feeling of dread crept over him at the idea he might never see her again; he didn't even know where she lived. At that moment, his eyes fell upon the piece of paper that he half-remembered her scribbling her address on. He leapt from the bed and snatched it up, clutching it to his chest. Faint heart never won fair maiden, he told himself. If he truly wanted Rey, he would have to make a grand gesture. She'd said she didn't want money or fancy things, only him. But then, she had backtracked saying she'd got carried away and didn't want him after all. Ben sank back down against the pillows- what if she rejected him? His mind drifted to the last time they'd been together on that very bed. He thought of the way she'd melted into his kisses, of how her body responded to his every touch as he'd buried himself as deep inside her as he could get. His cock twitched at the memory of being encased in her hot, wet pussy. After reaching the heights of ecstasy together, he'd held her and heard her whisper that she loved him. Her words were sincere, he'd felt it. Ben knew he would stop at nothing to win her back. Before he could get out of the door, he got a call from the hotel reception. Snoke Industries had settled the bill for his stay and had been told he would be vacating the room with immediate effect. Ben knew it was Hux's doing, the ginger weasel's pettiness knew no bounds. As he'd been forced to liquidate most of his assets to help keep SkyTech afloat, he would need to find a cheaper hotel. His mind drifted back to Rey; perhaps he could find a bed for the night with her, and for the rest of his life, if he was lucky. Without delay, Ben packed up his belongings. He grabbed the jewellery box from the nightstand, determined to deliver the necklace back into the hands of its rightful owner. His mom had offered him his grandmother's diamond engagement ring to give to Rey, should the need arise. The more he thought about it, the more certain he became that he couldn't live without her. Ben glanced again at the address on the piece of paper, 218 Falcon Road, Flat 7, Bermondsey. His fate awaited him. Finn had done all he could to keep Rey's mind off her woes. She tried to enter into the fun of their Netflix marathon, but he could tell her heart wasn't in it. When she excused herself, to take a bath and have an early night, he didn't try to stop her. He must have dozed off on the couch because the sound of knocking woke him up with a start. "Alright, I'm coming," he grumbled as he hauled himself up with the aid of his crutches. A glance at the clock told him it was well after ten and they weren't expecting any visitors, especially ones who called at that time of night. Whoever it was had started knocking again, and more forcefully than before. Finn glanced through the peephole to find a tall, dark, distinctive looking man in black clothing and a brown leather jacket standing outside. He sucked in a breath; it couldn't be, could it? The noise had likely woken the woman he'd come in search of; if she'd managed to fall asleep in the first place. Finn opened the door as far as the safety chain would allow it and peered out. "What do you want?" He inquired, not disposed to be welcoming to the guy who'd broken his best friend's heart. "Is Rey home? I really need to speak with her," Ben pleaded. Finn noted his stack of baggage with confusion. "What's going on?" He questioned his eyes narrowing with suspicion. "If you've come to cause her more grief, I'll kick your arse, broken leg or not." Never a patient man, Ben did his best to exercise self-restraint. "Look, Fran…" "It's Finn," he cut in with exasperation. "I knew it started with an F. Anyway, I'm sorry, it's been a really long day and I need to see Rey right now." At that moment, the door to her bedroom opened and she stepped out. "It's him, " Finn mouthed as she fought the urge to run back inside and lock the door. Her eyes were red from crying and she'd put on her comfortable old pyjamas with the little space rockets on. She took a deep breath and rubbed at her tearstained face. "Let him in." Finn slid the safety chain off, casting the much taller man a wary look as he allowed him entry. "Rey," Ben gasped as he stepped closer to her. She backed away a little hugging herself and hating that he made her feel so vulnerable. "What about your bags?" Finn questioned. It looked like expensive stuff, and it wouldn't survive long unattended in their neighbourhood. Ben's had his attention fixed firmly on the young woman in front of him. Nothing else mattered. Finn huffed as he set down one of his crutches and did his best to drag the baggage inside. "Hey," he protested as he continued to struggle. "A little help here would be nice." His pleas fell on deaf ears. Rey didn't know what to make of Ben turning up on her doorstep. She stood facing him waiting for him to explain himself. He had paused to muster up his courage, momentarily unable to speak anything beyond her name. "Well?" She threw him an expectant glare. He raked a hand through his hair, as she'd noticed he tended to do when he was nervous. Suddenly, Ben fell to his knees before her, gazing up at her with hope filled eyes. "I love you, Rey, and I want to spend the rest of my life with you if you'll have me." His puppy dog expression was her undoing. She exploded in a mix of sobs and giggles. "I thought you didn't want me," she cried. Ben captured her hand in his. "Oh, my angel, I want you more than I've ever wanted anyone or anything and I should have said so this morning." "Then why didn't you?" She asked unable to entirely banish her hurt. "I was too focused on saving SkyTech," he confessed. "That's why Hux was so pissed off, and why I'm currently between hotels. I haven't officially tendered my resignation to Snoke Industries, but Hux has already cut my expenses off. I'm not going to fight it even though I could. I know where the bodies are buried, metaphorically speaking, so Snoke Industries will have to tread carefully. I'll make sure they understand that if they go after SkyTech again, I can make a lot of trouble for them." Ben smirked as he thought about how he'd got the Minister of Defence to reverse his decision on SkyTech bidding for the military contracts. He even got him to go as far as giving them preferred bidder status. He wouldn't call it blackmail, his secret surveillance and information gathering had merely been an insurance policy. His intimate knowledge of how Snoke Industries worked persuaded him early on in his career with the company that he would have need of it. He gave her a sheepish look. "I hope you meant it when you said you didn't care about the money because I've poured most of my capital into SkyTech. My uncle intends to make me a full partner once I've settled things with Snoke, but I've dropped from a seven-figure annual salary to something more modest." It wouldn't matter to her if he were penniless, she loved him. Rey frowned, attempting to get it all straight in her head. "So, you're asking me to marry you?" Ben smiled. "Only if you want to, I mean we can wait a while, maybe try living together first to make sure I won't drive you crazy," he suggested happy to go with whatever she decided as long as they were together. She contemplated it for a few seconds before tugging on his hand in an effort to move him towards her bedroom. "Is that a yes?" Ben asked, hardly believing his luck, as he got up off of his knees. Rey threw her arms around his neck and pulled him in for a passionate kiss. "Yes," she shrieked, "a thousand times, yes." "Hang on, yes to getting married or living together?" "Yes to all of it," she beamed tugging his hand again. He grinned as she opened her bedroom door and pulled him inside. "Congratulations!" Finn yelled after them. It seemed they'd forgotten he was there. He rolled his eyes as he heard the sound of squeaking bedsprings. Happy as he was for his best friend, he didn't need to eavesdrop on what was going on in the next room. He went into his own and popped his earbuds in, putting his iPod on shuffle. Ben pressed his lips together in an attempt to muffle his cries. Rey had wasted no time in stripping off his clothes and her own. She pushed him back on the bed and went down on him before he could say a word. He fisted his hands in her freshly washed hair as she sucked greedily on his cock. Her appreciative moans making him rock hard. She pumped him steadily with one hand, her fingertips brushing lightly over his balls with the other. "Not gonna last long like this," he warned. Rey drew back making a soft popping sound with her lips as they slipped from him. "Then don't," she said before sucking him with renewed vigour. He gave up trying to suppress his vocal appreciation as her fingers gripped the length of his shaft, pumping harder. Her warm mouth caressed every inch of him. She swirled her tongue around the swollen head of his cock bringing him to the edge of bliss. One more jerk of her wrist and he came with a throaty roar. She kept sucking until she'd swallowed every last drop of his creamy cum. "Oh, my precious Rey," Ben drawled as she released him with a smile of satisfaction. As soon as he recovered his senses, he flipped her on her back determined to return the favour. Her pussy was already dripping with arousal. He ran his tongue over her gleaming folds, paying special attention to her sensitive clit. Her soft moans spurred him on as his attentive mouth and fingers worked her into a frenzy of desire. She grasped at his raven locks needing something to anchor her as she came hard against his lapping tongue. He gave her no time to recover before shifting position and burying himself deep inside her. The sensation almost undid him as her silky cum coated his cock. He shuddered with pleasure and began thrusting into her. She wasn't expecting to orgasm again so soon, but she felt another release building with every stroke. Ben held her gaze as they neared completion. "I love you so much," he said. "I love you too," Rey gasped before her senses got stolen by another earth shattering climax. He followed her over the edge, kissing her before collapsing onto the mattress panting for breath. She draped herself over him, his large frame covering almost the entirety of her bed, as their heart rates returned to normal. Her room was small, Ben noted as he glanced at it properly for the first time; he'd seen bigger walk in closets. There were pictures and postcards pinned to a large notice board. Various keepsakes were scattered across a wooden shelf, including a little rag doll in a military style orange outfit. Rey drew lazy circles on his chest with her fingers. Much as she didn't want to be parted from him, he still had to leave tomorrow, she presumed. "How long will you be in New York?" Ben propped himself up on his elbow, a look of confusion in his eyes. "I want you to come with me," he explained. "The apartment belongs to Snoke Industries so I'll have to clear out my stuff, but my parents want us to stay in DC with them for a few days if that's okay? They'd like to get to know you." Rey felt slightly overwhelmed, she hadn't even thought about leaving Finn, and the city she'd always called home, behind. "I - I don't know," she faltered making him worried that she'd had second thoughts. "Would we have to live over there?" Ben hadn't really given much consideration to the logistics but hoped they could find a solution agreeable to them both. At least she sounded unsure about the location rather than about being with him, which calmed his fears. She didn't appear to have much and he wanted to give her the world. "SkyTech has offices in London and a research facility near Washington DC. I guess I'll be spending time at both. My parents are there and I'd like to see them occasionally. I thought, with you fixing engines and stuff, that there might be something to interest you at SkyTech. We can find a place here, though, if that's what you'd prefer." Rey hooked her hands around his neck and pulled him in for a kiss. She liked the idea of putting her engineering skills to use. It wasn't as if there was much besides Finn to keep her in London. He would always be her dearest friend and she'd miss him terribly but he would never be more than a phone or Skype call away. "We'll work it out," she said between kisses. "And I would love to meet your parents." Ben frowned, suddenly becoming aware of what introducing her to them would mean. "I should warn you, my mom is probably planning our wedding as we speak. My dad just wants to meet the girl who's crazy enough to fall for his son. He'll probably ask if I've knocked you up or something equally embarrassing." "Don't worry," she kissed the tip of his nose, "Solo men find me irresistible, I'm sure I'll have him wrapped around my little finger in no time," she teased. Rey giggled as his lips found a sensitive spot between her neck and shoulder. He wasn't about to argue with her supposition, opting instead to give her more evidence in its favour. The next morning, Ben woke to find he was alone in the bed. He could make out the muffled sound of voices in the other room, and much as he didn't want to intrude on a private conversation, he needed to use the bathroom. Pulling on his silk boxers, he opened the bedroom door. Finn raised his eyebrows at the sight of Ben's toned body. "Damn, girl, I can see why he's a keeper." Rey giggled as she watched her fiancé's pale face turn pink. "Morning, sexy," she grinned. Ben couldn't help but smile in return until his bladder started to protest. "Bathroom?" he said jiggling about. Rey pointed to the door down the hall and he made a dash for it. At least she wasn't having second thoughts, he assured himself pushing away his lingering worries about her getting cold feet. When he re-joined them in the kitchen, Finn held out his hand to him. "Congratulations, man," he said as they shook hands. "You've got one hell of a girl there, I hope you know that." "I do," Ben acknowledged. "She's the whole world to me." Rey couldn't help swooning a little as he ducked down to kiss her. Things started to heat up and Finn cleared his throat to remind them they weren't alone. "Don't mind me." He rolled his eyes. "Where can I find a rich sugar daddy, that's what I want to know?" Ben soon found himself being pulled in the direction of the bedroom again, not that he was complaining. Full of goodwill to all, he thought of a way to help Rey's best friend. "Paolo Dameron might be able to find you an opening - In SkyTech, I mean," he bumbled, "I'll give you his number." "Thanks, but I'm not sure I'm qualified," the younger man replied. "Finn, Paolo Dameron is a hot, former-astronaut and he's gay," Rey informed him. "Get him rung." With that, she shoved Ben back on her bed and kicked the door shut. "I love it when you take charge," he said his excitement mounting. She climbed on top of him. "I'm glad you've gone back to your birth name, Rey Renn sounds silly." "I don't expect you to take my name when we marry, but if you do, you'll be Rey Organa-Solo," Ben pointed out. "It's a mouthful," she winked yanking his silk boxers off. "But then, so are you." The way he kissed her challenged her previous belief that life wasn't a fairytale. Rey acknowledged, with a smile she hoped would never fade, that maybe happy endings did exist after all. THE END. Notes: Thank you to you all for reading this fanfic. Particular thanks to all those who've left kudos and comments, it's great to get your feedback. Anyone who is familiar with Gwendy85's wonderful comic strip series "Excited Granddad Han" (which can be found on Tumblr and DeviantArt) might have noted my wink to it with Ben's warning to Rey that Han would ask if he'd knocked her up. I hope you all enjoyed reading this story and that it captured some of the spirit of Pretty Woman. I know the ending is a bit cheesy, but so was the end of that movie! Thanks again, and please do let me know what you thought of it - Mrs. P