“Uh.” Kylo shifted in his position on the bed, placing his head in Hux’s lap. Hux had told him to go to bed if he was tired, that Hux was reading, but no, Kylo insisted. Insisted on staying up with Hux, curled around his side, twirling his hair and yawning. Not that Hux minded, or wanted him to do anything else. Hux was perfectly alright with this arrangement; a book in one hand, Kylo within reach of the other- yes, this was his personal definition of a perfect night. Though he’d never actually say that, of course. “Yes?” Hux put his book down and ran his fingers through Kylo’s hair, combing through it slowly. Kylo took a deep breath, looking up at the ceiling. Oh no. “So, in a totally straight way,” he started. “I’m stopping you right there,” Hux said flatly. “Whatever you’re about to say, just say it. For God’s sake, don’t start with the -” “You love me, right?” Kylo asked. He looked away, then back up at Hux. Expectantly. Like there was more than one potential answer to that. Suddenly, Hux found he couldn’t look Kylo in the eyes. “Well, I- Yes. Obviously.” Hux hoped he wasn’t blushing, though it was probably too late for that now. “Okay, wait, but have you considered this-” Kylo paused and rolled over, lying on his stomach. He lifted himself up and balanced himself on his elbows. “Are you sure?” “I- if you’re asking me whether or not I’ve considered how sure I am about loving you, that wasn’t proper grammar.” This was the least of Hux’s problems, but he decided to address it first. “Sorry.” Kylo picked at a loose thread in the bedsheets. Hux reached out absentmindedly and fluffed his hair. “That’s alright. Don’t apologize.” He went silent for a moment, considering something, and undid a knot in Kylo’s hair with two fingers. “I just- how do you answer that type of question?" “You could use a meme.” Kylo looked up at Hux hopefully. “A meme. Alright.” Hux thought about it. “What’s that one called about feelings or something? The relatable one?” Kylo grinned and rolled over again to lie back down in Hux’s lap. “It’s ‘that feel when.’” “You mean, ‘that feeling you get when.’ ‘That feel when’ isn’t correct grammar, either.” “Get the stick out of your ass, Hux.” Kylo closed his eyes and sighed, eyelashes fluttering. Hux just barely resisted the urge to lean down and kiss his forehead. “Alright, then. Fine.” Hux steeled himself, mentally composing something suitably romantic that was also not too blatantly obvious while also including a meme. It took a minute before he was satisfied. “‘That feel when’ you love your boyfriend and you want, more than anything, for him to know that and to be happy, but he doesn’t, and he isn’t, and you don’t know how to tell him properly that you love him so you have to shield your love confessions through memes. Fucking memes. ” Kylo smiled in Hux’s lap, but Hux wasn’t finished. He took a deep breath before continuing. “How do you tell your boyfriend you love him and make him believe you? I’m asking for a friend.” Kylo snuggled closer and leaned his head against Hux’s stomach, mumbling into his shirt. “Hashtag relatable af, hashtag same.” “I can’t believe I’m dating someone who uses hashtags in real life,” Hux said, watching Kylo sit up sleepily. Kylo rubbed at his eyes and yawned, scratching at the back of his head. “I can’t believe I’m dating someone who’s philosophically opposed to the word ‘yolo,’” he mumbled, and kissed Hux’s cheek before he could reply. Notes: please remember the following: ❌ i'm triggered by r*ylo! i also have the unfortunate ability to remember every url i've ever seen that did anything that triggers me ever, so please don't comment if you ship it, because i'll most likely know and that would make me feel gross and i hope you don't like making people feel gross. ❌ i really really really love comments! my comments motivate me to write, and i'm now challenging myself to write 200 words of fic for every comment i get. this fic means i get to reply to 3 more comments >_> so every comment helps!!! again, it's totally cool to just yell at me to write lifeguard au.