Mission Failure It had been your mission, and by the looks of things, you had failed. When the Resistance had discovered that General Hux would be arriving planet-side, interest had grown. Upon realizing then that the message regarding this information had been intercepted and thus the First Order did not know that the Resistance knew, a member who could keep their mouth shut under the worse of tortures—failure was always a risk, one well worth taking—you had been chosen. Bringing down his transport ship? A piece of cake. Done and done. Take out his support system—the stormtroopers as well as any means he had of communicating with allies—had taken a little bit of time and had earned you more than a few bruises. Killing the man himself? Hard to do when his blaster was pointed at your head, blood dripping down the corners of his mouth in unison with the trail that was coming out of your shoulder from where he had bitten you. You had narrowed your eye at him the moment he had gained the upper hand. Yet still he had not killed you. Instead his tongue flicked out of his mouth, tracing along the right corner, tasting your blood. Your lips curled in disgust at his actions. “Hand over your commlink,” he hissed out. You had to fight to suppress a shudder at his tone. So demanding , and you nearly obeyed him out of fear. Yet you were trained better than that, and thus you only quirked a brow. General Hux’s lips split into a lazy smirk. The truth of the matter was, you had been the first one to go for his blaster. Had had it in your hands, finger on the trigger. Aimed at his head. Attempting to fire—only to discover that it must have been encrypted so that it worked for him alone. He had rushed forward, seizing your wrist and attempting to wrench away the weapon from you. You had moved to stop him, and that was when he had sunk his teeth into you. It had caused your arm to burn in pain then go momentarily numb. General Hux had taken the weapon from you, and that was where you now were. The blaster aimed at your head. Him thinking he could boss you around. You being a little shit, because fuck the First Order! “Are you so used to having your every order obeyed, general ?” you bit out. His lips pulled back, his teeth revealed. They were rather nice, you had to admit. White. Nearly perfect. The man seemed to pride himself on appearances, yet he also had the temper to back it all up. “Go on. Shoot me. You and I both know I’m not the only Resistance member to know your current location. You’re pretty much on your death bed.” Air left through his nostrils, and his snarl turned into an expression of mild amusement. You felt the hairs on the back of your neck beginning to stand on end. The redhead lowered the weapon the slightest bit. You jumped at the sound of blaster fire. The area directly between your feet sizzled with smoke, the hole in the ground showing just how accurate he was. “Don’t bullshit me,” he said simply. You pressed your lips into a thin line, once more frowning in his direction. “They do not have the exact coordinates. You’re on your own. Ready to die to save face. There were two others with you…dead now.” He gestured carelessly towards the corpses of your fallen comrades. Your fingers rolled towards your palms. Keeping your fists at your sides, you endured the man’s presence though you wanted more than anything to kill him. That was, after all, your mission. General Hux reached into his coat, fingered something, and then withdrew his hand. Your heart about stopped. A tracker. The First Order would be able to locate him quicker than the Resistance. Why he had wanted your commlink, you didn’t—then it struck you. He had been curious as to whether or not you had direct contact with the Resistance. Which you did not , in order to prevent them from getting caught or giving the First Order any other sort of upper hand. You were at this man’s mercy, and he knew it. “You killed my men,” General Hux stated, as though it was the weather he was discussing with you. The man was able to gather his bearings quite well. You made no move to respond to him. When he took the first step forward, you merely dropped your gaze to his foot. At the second step, you raised your eyes to his face again and stared defiantly at him. “Destroyed my ship. Good work.” Mocking, yet at the same time admitting to his surprise at your success. To his admiration of your abilities. “Are you bored, general?” you asked at last. He did not respond, and his expression did not change. “Keeping me alive so that you don’t have to be lonely while you wait to be picked up.” “Lonely?” He chuckled at the idea. You felt as though something cold gripped your heart, chilling the areas around it. “Bored…well, it may take some time. You’re something to help pass that time.” As he spoke, he had continued to close the distance between the two of you. His blaster was between your legs, nudging your clothed pussy. You curled your tongue within your mouth and started to gather saliva to spit in his face—General Hux, however, beat you to the punch. The glob of spit landed against the bridge of your nose, splashing into both of your eyes. You flinched, forced to close your eyes, and he took that exact moment to sweep your legs out from underneath you. You landed on your ass, your hands flat on the ground and preventing you from hitting your head. Before you had a chance to get up, his foot connected with your stomach. Air rushed out of your lungs, and you curled up, clutching your abdomen. A second kick, which landed partly on one of your smallest fingers. You released a noise of pain, however you knew you could handle this. It wasn’t anything you had not endured in training—except for the part where he was on his knees and ripping down your pants and underwear. You frantically wiped at your face with one hand to get rid of the spit, while with the other, you tried to block him from shoving anything into you. General Hux grabbed hold of your middle and ring finger, twisting in a manner that threatened to break the digits while he forced your hand away. He used his other hand to shove the blaster forward, the nozzle entering you. A scream erupted from your lips, your eyes opening wide as you stared up into his face. He wasted no time in starting to fuck you with his weapon. You grit your teeth, wanting to pull away, yet with every move you made his grip on your fingers tightened and he angled his weapon so that your legs gave out on you. You could feel a slickness coming out of you that was not an indicating of arousal. He had torn you, even if only a little. “You’re sick,” you said, allowing your head to fall back as you resigned yourself to the fact that you would have to endure this. You sincerely hoped it would allow the Resistance time to locate you. That somehow they would get there before the First Order, though you doubted it. Your eyes darted towards the wreckage, to the corpses of the stormtroopers, your comrades, and one or two officers. You then looked at the man violating you. His greatcoat had parted to reveal his pants, which were hardly tented at all. As though he really was simply bored rather than getting off doing this to you. General Hux twisted his wrist, causing the smooth nozzle to turn around inside of you. You opened your mouth to better breath, feeling as though you could not get enough air in your lungs. The man at last relinquished his hold on your fingers, the leather of his gloves inside digging into your thigh as he pushed your legs further apart. His attention was glued to your cunt, to the way his weapon was disappearing into you. “What’s the matter, general?” you shot out, having at last grown a bit more accustomed to his weapon inside of you, to the small waves of stinging pain from where you had ripped. “Compensating for something?” “Hardly,” he drawled, unaffected by your mocking. You rolled your eyes, making a single to noise to indicate your doubts of his claim. “Are you so desperate to be fucked?” “Not that you’re up to the bill,” you said, “but…no, not really. I’m hoping you get sloppy and pull the trigger.” The thrusting paused, and when you looked at his face, his lips had split into an amused grin. Something so…pure, filled solely with humor.. Not mocking in the least. As though you had managed to break through his guard—then his mask returned, and he was once more the First Order general. “Such an interesting way to die,” he practically whispered, once more working his blaster in and out of you. You licked your lips, again setting your head down. You stared up at the sky, feeling the nozzle teasing your inner walls at a more relaxed pace. Almost as if he were trying to get you aroused. The nozzle left your cunt, the rounded surface trailing up your body until he was able to position it over your clit. The redhead rocked it against you, pressing hard but not in an uncomfortable manner. You mentally swore. He was trying to get you aroused. General Hux turned his weapon partway onto its side, teasing your clit at a new angle. The blood and your juices covering its surface, it was able to smoothly move against you. You drew your lip into your mouth, pressing down on it with your teeth when the man drew circles on your clitoris with his weapon. Then zigzags, making his way down until he slipped the nozzle into your pussy again. You felt yourself clenching around it, your body betraying you and practically pulling the weapon further into you. “Do you often fuck people with your weapon?” you asked, trying to distract your mind from the pleasurable way in which he was treating your body all of a sudden. “Is it what’s been up your ass?” This time when he pulled his weapon out of you, he also angled it so that you cried in pain. General Hux raised himself onto his feet, one of which he positioned over you. You could feel his boot pressing down on you. Gritting your teeth, you stared up at him through the forming tears of pain. He aimed the blaster at your head—yet when he fired, you realized it was to the left of head. Dust flew over your face. Again and again. You winced each time he discharged a shot, waiting in fear and hope that it would be the last thing you heard. When he stopped firing his weapon, however, and instead knelt back down between your legs, you felt a sob wracking your frame. He set the nozzle, now hot from having been fired repeatedly, against your inner thigh. You shrieked at the pain, sobbing when he trailed the hot metal over to your cunt. General Hux burned your outer lips with his weapon, and you felt your body spasming. When your bladder gave out on you, you thought you could have died from the mortification as much as from the pain. The sound of him dragging down a zipper caused your eyes to snap open. Your eyebrows rose and your pupils dilated considerably at the sight of his cock. He had not been lying. The blaster was not making up for anything—he was still only half-hard too. You yelped when the man reached up and seized your hair, squeezing as he yanked you up onto your knees while he stood. He shoved his blaster into your mouth, fucking you with it, splitting your lips and banging roughly against your teeth. Unable to close your jaw, you had to endure him pulling you onto his cock, his weapon inside of your mouth as well. You felt as though your jaw would be unhinged. There was no more room for you to open your mouth. Whimpering around him, you glared at him—then gagged and nearly choked as something wet and warm began to trickle from his cock. You nearly threw up, but your throat was already spasming, forcing you to swallow down every drop of urine. Above you, he chuckled to himself. “You should feel honored to get even this, Resistance scum.” Unable to retort, your mouth so filled with his cock and weapon, the lingering taste of pee on your tongue, you glared at him so menacingly that if looks could kill, he would have died a thousand deaths. At the first snap of his hips, your expression faltered and gave way to a look of panic. This was not something you had been trained for. His hand was holding your head in place as he thrust once more, his cock hitting near the back of your throat. You could feel his dick hardening, his erection growing the more he used you. “I have to admit, you do feel good.” General Hux removed his weapon from your mouth, setting the blaster against your skull in a way that you were forced to deep-throat him. Your nose was buried in his pubic hair, his weapon and hand holding you in place as your throat spasmed around him. He then started to pull back, allowing you to do the same, before again pushing your head down, again thrusting his cock into your mouth. You whined around him, ready to beg for mercy if only he would let you. You hadn’t been trained for this, your mind screamed again. And though you had had sex in the past, though you had given blowjobs, it had never been like this. None of your former lovers had ever been so well endowed, nor so cruel. The next time he allowed you to begin to pull back, his foot met your chest and you were shoved onto the ground once more. He was between your legs immediately, pulling you onto him. You felt your breath knocked out of you at the sudden intrusion, at the quick pace he set. His hips rolled against yours, his cock buried so deeply in your pussy that your legs were twitching with every one of his thrusts. You fisted dirt, back arching at the feel of his blaster’s handle rubbing between your ass cheeks. It felt so wrong , and you were starting to panic. Yet the adrenaline that had been keeping you going throughout your mission was at last leaving you, all your injuries at last catching up. “Mm. Such a tight cunt,” he hissed out. “I had expected you to be loose.” You snarled at him. Even though he was your enemy, that he would imply you were a common whore hit you with great impact. Especially given that he was enjoying your body, ravishing you completely. His blaster nudged your rear hole, and you sobbed again. He was working a corner of the handle up into you. “D-don’t!” you cried out in a moment of weakness. General Hux smirked down at you, twisting the handle and rocking it, working the muscles of anal sphincter so that it loosened and allow for the intrusion despite your panic. You threw your head back, hitting it upon the ground. You were forced to arch your back more, allowing his cock to move more deeply inside of you so that he was fully seated now. His balls smacked your ass cheeks with every thrust, the blaster stroking inside of you uncomfortably. Yet for him, you well knew, it added more stimulation to his cock. It likely caressed him; you could practically feel the way the edge of the blaster handle pushed towards your vaginal wall, the way it pressed against his cock through you. “That hurts!” “Kriff, it doesn’t! It feels so damn good,” he groaned, flexing and unflexing his wrist, fucking your ass harder. You panted, gulping down air whenever you could. “Fuck, you’re tight. Fuck.” He jerked the handle of the blaster out of you and removed his cock. You had less than a second’s worth of breathing time before you were flipped over. His dick entered your ass, and he was fucking you while releasing such loud groans and moans that your cries of pain and discomfort were drowned out. One of those wretched gloved hands wormed its way under your body, three fingers delving into your pussy while he used his thumb to stimulate your clit. Your stomach felt as though it swam, pleasure and discomfort painfully mixing together so that your orgasm rushed over your almost immediately. “Pleasestoppleasestoppleasestop!” you chanted desperately, finding that his fingers were working your harder. “No,” he hissed into your ear. “It feels so damn good. You’re at my mercy now. Killing my men, destroying my ship. Do you think a simple death is all you’ll get?” He had slowed his pace a little, as though he were taking great pleasure in making your body react, in forcing a new wave of arousal onto you. Suddenly he removed the fingers from your cunt, cupping your pussy and using your juices to further stimulate your clit. General Hux teased you for only a few seconds longer before pulling out of you completely. You were forced onto your back, the man straddling your chest and starting to jerk his cock furiously, chasing orgasm. Squeezing your eyes closed at the knowledge of what was to come, you felt your tears sliding down your cheeks as his hot cum hit your face. As the last jet of semen hit your face, you felt two leather digits stroking your cheek, smearing cum and then gathering it. Before you had a chance to properly grit your teeth to prevent the intrusion, he was scraping the semen off his fingers onto your tongue. You went to spit it out, but were backhanded before his entire hand slammed atop your mouth, his finger and thumb pinching your nose. Unable to breathe, you had no choice but to comply with his wishes. Seemingly satisfied, he pulled back from you and stood. You watched him through slits as he readjusted himself, smoothing out his uniform then using the edge of your shirt to wipe off his weapon. When he was finished, he looked immaculate. One would have a hard time believing he had just been through a crash, had just fucked you. You, on the other hand, looked a wreck. You flinched with every move you made, your legs unable to support your weight. He smirked at you when he at last lowered himself to aiding in pulling up your underwear and pants. You were yanked up to your feet. Pain shot through you. As though you were being ripped. As though you had been torn, punched, and as though you had just been forced to endure a blaster up your ass. You had no choice but to lean against him for support. You were a panting mess, and he was watching you. You could feel his gaze on you, could feel his satisfaction rolling in waves. His cum was drying to your face. The sound of an incoming ship alerted you to the fact that whoever picked him up would know exactly what you had been forced to endure. Would know that you had just entertained their general. It was a worse blow than the fact that you had failed your mission. And when he pushed you into the arms of a stormtrooper and ordered that you be kept alive for the time being, you wished for the first time that you had let the Resistance down by rejecting the mission entirely. Chapter 2 : Good Girl Notes: Uh, well, it was asked for...and...I have no excuse. This is filth. Complete and utter filth. Good Girl You had quite literally been hosed down with cold water prior to being stripped. It was utterly humiliating, the way your left wrist was shackled to the your right ankle, your right wrist to your left ankle. Little give between your limbs. Just enough so that they did not go numb. You were stuck on your knees on the floor, your legs spread a little. When General Hux entered, you would have given him a piece of your mind if not for the ring gag that furthered your misery. You were under no misconceptions as to why you were there, still alive. The redhead’s lips slipped upwards into a smug grin that was a borderline smirk. His boots hit upon the ground as he crossed over to you. It had to have been hours since you had been taken aboard the First Order vessel. A Star Destroyer, no less. You glowered at the man who had taken you captive, the man you had failed so utterly to kill. His arms were once more crossed behind his back, and yet again he seemed to be holding something. It wasn’t a blaster, you knew. When he pulled his arms in front of himself and slapped the edge of the riding crop against the palm of his left hand, however, you found that your thoughts of knives and other such weapons had been much too innocent. General Hux stepped even closer to you, to the point that you had to tilt your head back to look at his face. He stared down at you without losing that smug expression. You wished more than anything you could wipe it from his face. Without a word to you, he dropped his left hand to the front of his pants. You wrinkled your nose as he withdrew his half-hardened cock from his uniform. He was able to slide it into your mouth with ease, and you found yourself cursing the ring gag for preventing you from biting down on him. The head of his erection slid towards the back of your throat. Rather than seize the back of your head, the First Order general brought his other hand around you and flicked his wrist. The crop landed hard against your ass, causing you to jump and yelp at the contact. You attempted to pull your head back, however found your movements hindered by the way you were bound. Though a few inches of his cock were removed from your mouth, the remainder of it rested on your tongue. General Hux pursed his lips, took a step back so that he was no longer in your mouth, and brought the crop across your face. You felt your skin split, your head jerked to the side. Tears pricked at your eyes. In all honesty, you could have endured the abuse, if not for the sexual conduct. But you had killed his men, had destroyed his ship, had nearly gained the upper hand and killed him. General Hux, clearly, did not take kindly to being placed in a position of such little power. This was not about sex, not exactly, not for him. It was about asserting control. Showing you that he was superior to you. Emphasizing your defeat. Bowing your head, you took a moment to breathe. He took a step closer to you again, cupping the back of your head and drawing your mouth onto his cock. This time you did not attempt to pull away. Nor did you make any move to pleasure him. He traced the riding crop along the length of your spine, up over your shoulder and down towards your stomach. Lower still, rubbing a line back and forth just above your line of pubic hair. The hand on the back of your head pulled you forward a bit more, the head of his cock pushing towards the back of your throat until you were gagging around him, tears falling down your face as your reflexes only furthered your discomfort. The man stepped forward again, his cock fully inside of your mouth, your nose yet gain buried in his pubic hair. The riding crop slunk lower, a quick flick of his wrist delivering a light tap against your cunt. You shuddered at the sensation—unwanted pleasure. Your nipples started to harden, moreso when the redhead brought the crop against it. The leather teased your right breast, making light circles as he started to rock forward in your mouth. Back down against with the crop, teasing your body as he forced you to swallow around his dick. Your teeth hit against the metal of the gag. If only you could break through the metal, you thought, and clamp down on the cock. Another flick against your clit, and you felt your juices beginning to slip from your vagina. The crop circled around you as he slipped his cock almost completely out of your mouth. Then he thrust right back inside, simultaneous to the smack that echoed in the room. You arched your back as best you could, feeling the red welt practically burning on your flesh. You knew exactly why he had smacked you. Another display of power; punishing you for not bending to his will. You glowered up at him, earning another welt. You could take it, you told yourself; you had experienced worse pain during training. “Perhaps I should allow some of the stormtroopers some fun. You killed their comrades, some of the men they trained alongside with.” You squeezed your eyes closed at the thought of being used by multiple men as he was implying. They would likely beat you, rape you, and you doubted they would have as much self-control as the general. General Hux tilted your head back, fucking your throat more harshly. You blubbered against him, crying openly and feeling your drool slipping out each time he started to pull back. His sac hit against your chin with every thrust he made. He was in no way shy, using his hand to force you to bob your head, fucking into your open orifice with abandon, and even releasing a groan whilst throwing back his head. “Kriff, you feel good.” The crop smacked against you again. Having forgotten about it, you jerked at the contact, your throat spasming around his cock as you started to choke on it. His lips pulled away from his teeth as the man laughed. You tugged at your restraints, feeling the metal of them digging into your flesh. All at once he started to pull out of your throat, and you felt it, tasted it; his cum coated your tongue. The man ensured you could taste him, jerking his cock with the hand that was holding the riding crop as each jet of cum entered your mouth. When he withdrew from your mouth, you attempted to thrust your tongue out, hoping this would allow his semen to drip onto the ground. Your face was once more struck by the crop, this time directing over your parted lips so that you jerked your head back and instinctively swallowed. Snot was slipping from your nose, sliding into your mouth and past it along with your tears and drool. You looked an utter mess, which seemed only to cause the First Order general great delight. “That was the nearest to death I have been,” he growled out. Your cries echoed throughout the cell when he struck your collarbone with the leather. The skin split a little, welting up as blood began to trickle down. “Good job.” You did not felt as though it had been a good job. You did not want his admiration, his praise. Your shoulders shook as you at last started to break, crying at the knowledge that you were at this man’s complete mercy. And he was merciless . That was why you had been given the mission. To rid the galaxy of this cruel man. He pressed the heel of his boot against your chest, shoving you backwards. You squirmed as you hit the ground, your arms and legs pinned painfully underneath you. Your knees were still bent, your thighs parted and fully exposing your cunt. Your nails dug at the ground, scraping and chipping as his gloved hand wrapped around his cock. You knew what he was going to do. He had already cum, and there was only one other reason he would be gripping himself like that. You closed your eyes, not wanting to watch. Yet you could smell his urine, could feel it hitting against your clit. Warm. Beating against it in a way that caused your body to throb. It sickened you that such a thing could be physically pleasurable. Your vaginal walls clenched at nothing, your entire frame shuddering and trembling as arousal shot through you. Already stimulated a bit by the crop, you felt your juices gushing. It was when he was finished that you opened your eyes and stared up at the ceiling. You mentally prayed that it would be over soon. That he would be satisfied and kill you. Instead the redhead used the leather of the crop to caress your clit. His urine was spreading on the ground underneath you, soaking you. The first flick against your clit produced a swimming sensation in your lower belly. The next caused your vaginal walls to once more thrum in pleasure. “Disgusting.” You shook at the insult, your vision blurring as fresh tears welled up. General Hux tucked himself away, gave your hip a swat, and then strode out of your cell. You were once more hosed off with cold water. This time you were given a small drink, just enough to keep you from becoming dehydrated. It was not something you enjoyed; it was an indication that he wasn’t done with you yet. This you became even more aware of when your hands were chained so that you were draped across a table, bent over with your ankles secured to the legs. The ring gag was put back into place. When he next came, General Hux wasted no time in removing his belt, doubling it over, and slamming it hard against your ass. You screamed as best you could despite the gag, spittle flying from your mouth at the impact. “One,” he said harshly. He counted higher, each time belting your ass without holding back. When he reached ten, you at last rested your forehead against the surface of the table. You felt so broken. “Eighteen!” The pain was horrible, yet at the same time portions of your flesh had started to tingle instead, the beginnings of numbness. “Thirty!” The belt was set on the table beside your head. You stared at it, hating the feel of his hands reaching up under you. Of his fingers caressing your nipples, pinching them. He rolled your breasts, bouncing them in his hands as best he could given your current position. With a satisfied grunt, he pulled his hands away. You could hear it, him opening his pants. Could feel the head of his erection slipping between your ass cheeks. You sniffled a little, waiting for him to enter you raw. “Are you going to behave?” Your body slumped, as if in silent response. General Hux withdrew something, a container judging by the sound of a lid being unscrewed. You could hear the wetness of the lube as he spread it over his cock. His finger entered you then, twisting around, wriggling about inside of you. You squirmed, though did not pull away for fear that he would make the experience more painful. This… this sort of situation you were in, you hadn’t been trained for. Not for the sensation of a large cock pushing inside of you. Not for the sound of General Hux’s hiss of pleasure entering your ears. He rolled his hips gently into yours, pausing, waiting. Swallowing down your pride, you met his thrust as best you could given your bindings. You did not want this, not at all. But you did not want to even think about what sick things he would do if you failed to obey. “Good girl.” His balls started to smack noisily against your ass cheeks with every thrust. “Fuck, you’re tight.” He pinched your clit as he spoke then forced two fingers into your entrance. You breathed heavily at the intrusion. A third finger wormed its way into you. His cock still pounding into your ass. A fourth finger. You shook your head, wanting to protest verbally yet not doing so. Finally his last finger, his entire fist pounding in and out of you in time with his cock. “I’m going to ruin you,” he moaned out. His wrist grazed your clit with every one of his thrusts. You bucked into it, feeling his flesh against you, the leather of his glove ending a few centimeters up from it. “Mm. Does that feel good?” You nodded, hoping it would satisfy him, hoping it would encourage him, arouse him, make him cum faster. Instead it made him go slower, which pleasured you . You were so wet around him, panting heavily, your tongue nearly hanging out of your mouth. “You love this don’t you—riding the cock of your enemy, of the General of the First Order?” Again did you nod, meeting his thrusts with more enthusiasm as he filled you so nicely, stroked you so deliciously. “You’re my little whore, aren’t you, Resistance scum?” Another nod, as well as whimper followed by a whine when he removed his hand from you. He gripped your hips, once more picking up the pace. “Kriff, you’re nice. So ready to take whatever’s given to you. Are you thirsty?” You had to close your eyes this time when you nodded, knowing full well what he was implying, what you were about to do. A smack to your ass and he pulled out of you. You could hear his footsteps as he rounded the table. He pulled your mouth onto him, and you flicked your tongue up against his slit. Then began swallowing as he ejaculated. He did not stop fucking your mouth until he was fully softened, and even then he did not pull out. He waited, and so did you. Once more swallowing, once more hoping he would be bored after this and kill you. “You’re such disgusting trash,” he drawled as you swallowed the last bit of his urine. “I think I’ll let you cum.” You stared at the far wall when his body was no longer blocking it. Waited for the feel of leather, but instead felt a tongue lapping at you. You nearly lost it there. A ragged moan escaped you. General Hux chuckled, sealing his lips around your clit and sucking against you. You sighed heavily when he then trailed his tongue back to your entrance, where he flicked it in and out of you several times before moving still further up. Your eyes were wide as saucers. Once more were you panting as his tongue traced around your ass, as he thrust that organ inside of you from behind. You shuddered; it was an act you had never experienced before, and immediately your vaginal walls pulsed as you started to cum. General Hux quickly dropped back down, sucking up your cum. He moaned, and you did what you could to grind against his face. When he was done, you felt him standing back up, felt his hardening cock teasing your folds until he pushed inside. “Fuck, you’re a good girl. You want to be my good girl, hmm, Resistance scum?” Nodding dumbly, coming down from your release only to feel another wave beginning as he jerked his hips into yours, fucking you nice and deep, hard and fast. His laughter, rich, rang in your ears.