The Prologue Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The metal ship screeched with violent enthusiasm as it attempted to come to a grinding halt amongst the rocky terrain. Nearly flipping as it collided into the red stone cliffs, throwing both equipment and passenger alike towards to console. The man who sat in the pilots seat, after regaining some steadiness, grabbed hold to the seat next to him and slammed down on a planned sequence of switches and buttons as they nearly flipped once more. Another harsh collision sent him flying as an arm from the co-pilot went to grab hold of him. They both grunted as the ship jumped and landed once more, and they finally slowed on a slight incline against a rock pillar. The two still had hold on each other, breathing heavily and staring out at the endless and appearing to be lifeless landscape. The co-pilot wiped her head with her free hand and watched as it returned covered in blood, a wound caused from the less than graceful landing. Suddenly, shrill cries began echoing throughout the halls into the cockpit, and without another word she ran from the room. The man collapsed into his chair, eyes dazed on the floor. The holo-pad that had fallen during their landing pinged from under the chair. After grabbing it and placing it back onto the console, a familiar face appeared. “Rey, did you make it out?” the panicked voice called through, the holo flickering as it came into focus. “It’s Ben, and we’re all fine. Well, alive,” he corrected. “Thank goodness,” the man said with a sigh of relief, “send us your coordinates, Poe and I will come to you.” “I can’t do that, Finn,” Ben snapped, as he pinched the bridge of his nose, “I can’t risk that transmission being intercepted. They will be waiting for it.” “Don’t be ridiculous,” Finn snapped back, “are you going to live there? Make your home on whatever outer rim planet you’ve landed on?” “Finn.” He took a moment. “What happened to the settlement?” “Is Rey in the room?” Finn responded after he took a similar uneasy pause. Ben shook his head and closed the cockpit doors. After the room was confirmed secure the man continued, “we… we didn’t make it in time to make much of a difference, everyone fought well and they delayed them as much as they could but… it’s gone.” The two of them took a brief silence, only to be broken by the harsh sound of a boot against the metal control board. Finn jumped from the noise through the Holo, and Ben collapsed into his hands. He violently cursed under his breath and glared back into the projection, “I can’t keep doing this to them.” “It’s not your fault this happened again.” Again. The word that reminded him of how many hundreds of lives have been lost on his behalf, but this time not by his own hand or armies, but for his own protection. Innocent lives of countless species and races who stood to fight for him and his family. “Please, when you tell her…I just… be careful,” Finn sputtered through the devastation. There was a knock on the cockpit door. Finn waved a silent goodbye and the imaged turned off with a flash. Ben allowed the door to reopen. Rey returned to her seat in the cockpit soothing a child in her arms, the two covered in ash from their escape through the oncoming fires set to draw them out. She tried to wipe the child’s face with the wrap she wore, but that was just as filthy and only made the problem worse. Tears overwhelmed her as she eyed her soot ridden clothing and the blood that was soaked through. “She… she still won’t let me near her,” she spoke, voice soft. Ben tried to give her a reassuring smile as he stood from his seat, stopping in front of her. He stroked the child's head before setting off down the Falcon’s corridors. He followed the sound of terrified cries until he reached the open room where two cradles had been installed into the floorboards. He perched down next to the one that still had a child in it, and she immediately calmed looking at him. “You need to stop giving your mother such a hard time,” he sighed. But in a way, he enjoyed this, he liked being her favorite. The girl reached up towards him implying in the best way she could that she wished to be held and he quickly complied. She nuzzled into him the second he brought her to his chest and he turned to find that Rey had followed him, standing in the doorway, the second child in arms. Her eyes still red and wet. “Finn called?” she said with a whimper, for she knew the information to follow, “I saw it on the holo-pad records, what did he say?” The man walked to her and leaned forward just enough to press his lips to her forehead. He straightened and brought a soft palm to the woman’s face. She learned into it slightly as her jaw quivered. “Not tonight, sweetheart,” he whispered, “not tonight.” “I know what that means,” her voice was shaken but sharp as she walked straight passed him towards the children’s cradles, setting down the now sleeping child. She sat on the floor next to the bed, learning an arm over the side to be able to graze her fingers up and down her daughters arm. Her husband joined her on the floor and pressed his face into her shoulder. Rey shifted to look at the child he still held as she squirmed to be closer to him. “She hates me.” Her eyes darted away. “Even now she doesn’t want me near her.” “That’s not true,” he muttered, still pressed into the crook of her neck. “She even fights me every time I try to feed her, she would rather die of starvation than have to depend on me for nourishment.” “Well, they are nearly old enough now, you can stop nursing,” He turned for a moment to place the child in the unoccupied crib. “That’s not the point, Ben.” When he turned to face her again she dove into his chest and clawed as his shirt, “I can’t keep running. We can’t keep doing this.” “We’ll figure it out.” he crooned, taking her hair out of its buns so he could begin to run his fingers through it. “It’s been almost two years. Two years and we can’t even safely tell people we’ve gotten married!” He pulled her into his lap and they both folded themselves around each other as tightly as they could. “We can’t let people blindly fight for us anymore, anywhere we run we bring lies and then destruction. Lives are lost on our account, and they don’t even know who they are fighting for.” “I know,” he murmured, trying to still his shaking wife, but his attempts only caused his own eyes to begin to burn with tears, “I know more than anyone, and I can promise that I feel twice the guilt that you do, but the church, the acolytes, they believe in the will of the force, and you are an awakening and our children are a new beginning, and despite everything that I was…” he paused as Rey’s eyes met his. She didn’t allow him to degrade his current being because of his past, but the truth was that he would whether they spoke of it of not. “These people fought for what they believed was right.” “We are not Gods worth dying for, we are no more worthy than them.” “You know I agree, but if we are to go on one day, we must respect that they believe that, and died believing that.” “I’m.. so tired.” she rested her forehead against his neck and closed her eyes, both of them covered in dirt and grime. He brought his hands down from her hair to her back and held her closer. Her breathing steadied and instantaneously his as well. After they had assured both children were still soundly sleeping he scooped his wife back into his arms and lifted her off the ground. Her eyes still closed, muttering something under her breathe in protest. “Come on,” he whispered, “you need rest.” She shook her head in denial as he headed out the room and down the hall into another. He set her down on the bunk that resided there and kneeled by the edge while the woman nested herself within the covers. “I should have probably used the fresher first,” she said, noticing the filth marks left on the sheets from her skin and clothing. “Tomorrow,” Ben smiled, leaning forward to stand back up. “Where are you going?” She sat up slightly. “I’ll be right back,” he promised, walking towards the door. He locked eyes with her one last time before the door hissed closed behind him and he quickened his pace back towards the cockpit. The holo-pad pinged again, and Ben activated the image. “Ben?” Finn reappeared before him, “look, we’ve got an issue, you need to give me your coordinates.” “My decision on the matter hasn’t changed.” he replied monotonously. “When we made it to the churches settlement after you left we found an injured invader that was left behind, he was… well… more than compliant to give us information in exchange for his life.” “… and?” Ben leaned in. Very little was known about the targeted attacks against his family, but certain assumptions had been made as time went on. “Some of our conclusions were proven to be correct.” From his expression, Ben could tell he didn’t want to say what followed. “Whoever is leading these attacks, they can track your force signatures.” “So, there is a force user among their ranks?” Ben concluded, “we assumed this, what is the issue?” “From what we gathered, whatever bond you and Rey share, they can trace you through it. While we had assumed this before… there is… more.” He paused. “The barriers you two can put up are often effective from a distance, but there is another source” Ben closed his eyes, “the girls.” “Though it’s weak, it’s unguarded, undoubtedly they share an amplified bond as well, or will over time.” “So, what are you suggesting, Finn?” he sharpened. “I’m suggesting that under the circumstances, these warriors may soon be aware of your current location, no matter how remote it may be.” “That isn’t a suggestion.” Anger grew as he felt the weight of this impending advice. “Ben?” A new voice through the holo was heard, an image soon to follow, the image of his mother, “Ben, you know what we are asking you.” “No, I truly don’t.” “We think it’s best if, just for the time being, Rey and the children came with us.” His fists clenched. “We would keep them safe and guarded on our bases, perhaps with the separation your force signatures could be better guarded, not as strong.” “So you are suggesting I leave? Become another legendary Skywalker parent?” “My son,” Leia sighed, “It’s not forever.” “I’m not leaving them.” “Do you want to keep putting your family through this?” His mother hissed, but taken aback by her own harshness her tone softened, “I know this is difficult, but you need to think of them first.” “I am.” He punched each word. “Do you think that just because Rey and I are separated that the bond will disappear? I can feel every movement, every heart beat from anywhere in the galaxy and you think that if I take an extended vacation that is going to fix everything? Make that go away?” Finn and Leia exchanged glances as Ben continued, “you said it yourself that the girls are traceable, they can’t even feed themselves, let alone protect themselves. There bond will only grow while they are together, and you cannot expect me to leave them knowing that each passing day will put them more in danger.” “They will be able to train, be able to learn how to shield themselves when they are old enough.” “When they are old enough?” he pauses, “How long do you expect me to be gone? Until they are old enough to start training in the force? That will be years!” “Ben.” “I know you and father jumped at every opportunity to leave but I will not do that to my family!” “Ben!” Leia started again, but she really didn’t know what else to say. “Even if I’m gone, my bond with my wife will be traceable. It won’t matter where we are. I will know where she is, and vice versa. If one of us is found, we both are.” “I think you need to talk to her about this,” Finn chimed in, Leia nodded in agreement. The room was then met with silence, just the flickering buzz from the holo-pad. “I… didn’t want it to be this way.” Ben avoided their gaze, nearly choking on his words. “None of us did,” Finn assured, but Ben felt inclined not to believe him. “I’ll send you the coordinates when we’ve made our decision.” he slammed his fist down against the holo-pad without any further pleasantry, turning off the transmission. He stood to leave the room but was greeted by the sight of his soot covered wife, illuminated only in the equipment lights. “Rey.” “You aren’t going to leave are you?” she sounded so meek and small in that moment, almost like a child herself. “… I don’t know.” “What do you mean you don’t know?” Her frustration grew. “You heard them.” He walked passed her and she turned to follow. “But you said it yourself, nothing would change if you left, our bond would still be traceable.” “…There are ways to break force bonds, Rey.” His speech was weak, and throat tight from the suggestion. “We can’t use that as an excuse to be selfish.” “How is wanting to take care of your family by being with them selfish?” She darted out in front of him, stopping him in his tracks. She placed her hands over his shirt and sank into him. “What they are suggesting is insane.” “As much as I would like to agree with you, and as much as I hate them for it… they aren’t wrong.” he brushed his lips against her hairline and lingered there, he felt his legs begin to shake and suddenly his knees gave out from underneath him, falling forward against her, and she was barely able to hold him up. “I don’t want to go,” he broke down. “Then don’t” “I think… I think I have to.” They had stopped in front of their children’s room. He turned his head to look inside at the peace that remained there. He managed to smile at the image of them and tried to imbed it into his mind. She took his hand to help him stabilize and started to guide him back towards their bedroom. Though the beds were certainly not built to fit more than one, especially one as tall as Ben, they had made it work as they toppled alongside each other. He pulled her back against him, his chin over the top of her head. He did this partly because he longed for the intimacy and party because he didn’t want her to see him cry more than she had too. The lights in the room turned off as Ben was able to hit the switch with his foot and all that was heard was the sound of unsteady breath. “Don’t leave” she whispered again, adjusting her body so she was now level with his face. “We can figure this out, I promise.” She pressed her lips to his and he greeted them with a fierce enthusiasm. Both knowing that those words were just… words. “I love you,” he said, in the brief time that their faces parted, diving back in when the opportunity allowed. She tried to return the gesture but it came out as broken nonsense through their crashing mouths. Bringing her hands up to his hair he began to reposition himself so his weight was now above her, resting slightly on his arms as not to put too much pressure. He moved his lips to her collarbone, as he wiped away the bit of dirt that lingered there. He kissed the bruises and left a few of his own as he trailed down her body pulling her top as low as it would stretch. She gasped as she tipped her head back to let him recognize every inch her as he worked his way back to her neck and then hovered above her, noses touching. “I love you too,” she was finally able to reply, starring into him, “why can’t this all be over?” She brought her ringed hand to his face and pulled him down towards her, lips just barely grazing again, chasing after each other as he strained to pull away. “I’m not sure it will ever be over.” he admitted sadly, now averting her gaze. “I’m sorry.” Her hands slid down to his chest. “Let’s just… no more words of this tonight, love.” She dragged her fingers to the edge of his beaten shirt and started to lift it up his body, her knuckles grazing his skin as she did it. He dropped his head and groaned into her neck at the touch then leaned back slightly to let the rest of the shirt be removed. He fiddled with his belt clumsily as he began to mark her jawline. Whipping it through his belt loops he tossed it aside with a startling clang as it hit the metal floor. They both jumped at the noise and chuckled as their mouths found each other again. The feeling of her smile against him was his favorite sensation in the galaxy, and he felt his heart sink at the thought that this may be one of the last times he experiences it for a long while. Rey reached for her wrap and began untying it from her waist, then her husband worked on removing her top. Once they were gone, she removed her leather wristbands and tossed them a bit more gently onto the floor, leaving her just in her breast band from the waist up. Ben reached around her back to find where the band began and unwrapped it slowly. The curves of her chest revealing themselves as he began to caress her. Her breasts slightly swollen from the pregnancy. “Careful,” she whispered as he brought his mouth down to them, kissing softly around each nipple. Looking up at her to revel in how she bit her lip. He buried his head in her chest and she wrapped her small hands around his neck. The growing intimacy halted while he chose to cherish her rapidly growing heartbeat. “I can feel your pulse from systems away, but nothing will ever compare to this.” he murmured, “nothing will ever compare to every day I’ve spent with you, no matter the circumstances.” “How… how do you break a bond forged through the force?” She said as if it should be impossible, brushing his hair with her fingers as he continued to nuzzle into her. “…We said we wouldn’t talk about this anymore tonight,” Ben lifted himself up slightly, so their bodies were still pressed together. Rey shook the thought from her head and let herself become lost in the way he looked at her. She worshiped this look. She took hold of his shoulders and pushed him to the side, flipping them both so she sat atop him now, stroking his chest. Tracing the scars left by others and a few herself. Ben grabbed the waistline of her pants and pulled them with vigor so she pressed against him just right then lifted her legs so she could better adjust herself to shimmy out of the fabric. He raised his hips to kick off each pant leg before all of their remaining clothes had finally been discarded. She dove back down towards him and kissed him once more. Wanting to feel every part of him as he felt every part of her. Every barrier they had kept up lowered as fibers of their bond grasped frantically at each other. Sharing each thought and feeling that passed between them, as each adoring sensation was amplified to an obscene degree. She leaned back up to reposition her hips above his, beginning to lightly grind against his arousal before sinking down onto him. He let out a guttural groan at this and his hands lurched out towards her. He sank his fingers into her hips with an intensity that would surely bruise. He started to control her rhythm with his grasp and his need for dominance soon overcame him as he flipped them once more. She on her back again, and him repositioned between her legs. Arching her up just slightly with an arm, he buried his face next to hers, preparing to reenter her. She felt the curl of his abdomen against her stomach with every thrust. How his muscles tightened with every movement. The heat of his rapid breath against her ear. It took everything she had to keep herself together, but it was growing near impossible as both their heads were reeling, and they couldn’t keep the other one out. She clawed at his back to keep him pressed into her and hooked her legs around his hips as she felt a sudden rush of warmth pool in her. Gasping much louder than intended. His movements soon became erratic and harsh, and she let out the softest of cries and he was undone. She followed behind, taking hold so tightly, so soul-crushingly in love that she would easily kill anyone who tried to take him away from her, which was sadly not an absurd notion. They allowed themselves a few moments to stay intertwined. When he finally slid out, he rolled off next to her, and though there was not enough room for both of them to lay on their backs, he flipped on his side and wrapped his arm around her, closing his eyes. “Don’t fall asleep,” Rey whispered, followed by a yawn. “Mhm?” He was fading fast. “If we sleep that means it will be tomorrow, and…” Her eyes drifted to his sleeping face. “I don’t like what tomorrow means.” She snuggled against him and let herself begin to float away. She felt a warm tear on her face, but it did not belong to her. Sleep was sound for a short while before Ben awoke, hearing a fuss from the room over. He unwrapped himself from Rey as carefully as he could as not to wake her and shuffled clumsily this find his discarded clothes. When it came to their daughters, Kira had always slept soundly, she was never the issue. She was a deep sleeper, like her mother, and most nights slept through her sisters wails. Kylin, on the other hand, was often plagued by her dreams, haunted by the images of things unfamiliar and scary to a young mind. Perhaps that is why she found comfort in her father, somehow knowing that he had experienced this too. Ben would often calm her mind by entering it, making sure no monsters were to be found. He had never felt a separate presence haunting his daughter, but he would be sure to die a thousand deaths before he let the same thing that happened to him happen to her. He scooped up the whining child and placed a hand on her cheek. Nightmares of the day that passed had sickened her young head. Scorching fire and blood everywhere. The memories of those who had fallen, screaming with their final breaths. Ben recoiled as the imagery struck him as well, but began to calm her, sending soothing waves of light through her mind. She settled again in his arms and he walked out of the room with her, pausing to smile back at Kira who, even in her sleep, smiled herself. Rey was sitting up in bed when he returned, the room still dark. Ben joined her and they both stared at the child before them. “She needs you,” Rey choked. Neither of them spoke, though so many words needed to be said. The child blinked, trying to make out shapes in the darkness. “Where… where will you go?” Rey broke their silence, “will you be somewhere safe?” “I promise,” he responded. Rey paused again, reaching over to her baby who, for once, did not flinch at her mother's touch. Rey’s smile was so wide at this acceptance of affection that it made her lip tremble. “Ben, take her with you.” He turned sharply towards his wife at the suggestion, “What?” “I am so scared, but I can survive.” She looked at him with surprising conviction. “I… I don’t know if she can without you, I can’t protect her like you can.” “Rey…” He felt how torn Rey was even speaking of this proposed resolution. “Your mother and Luke were separated, without them knowing that the other one existed their bond couldn’t form any further, they could be hidden away,” she reasoned further, trying to convince herself she wasn’t a horrible and unfit mother for suggesting it. “She fights with something that Kira doesn’t, something only you can guide her through.” “…” He couldn’t respond. “Please, Ben. She can be old enough to stop nursing. She doesn’t need to depend on me. Please take her somewhere safe, please guard her, protect her, shield her from everything.” They stared at each other, watching the small movements on the others faces as they tried to stay composed. Ben nodded. Not sure if he was agreeing or just acknowledging what had been said. The girl had managed to drift off once again and Ben stood, knowing the conversation that was too follow was probably better had without the presence of a chid. He took her back to her cradle and set her there. Now standing between the two beds he looked back and forth between the two children. They were nearly identical in every way, but even at such a young age, they showed differences in their personalities. A difference in their babbling. A difference in their smiles. He leaned over Kira and wondered how she was able to sleep so soundly. He at last admitted to himself that he couldn’t stay. In moments like this, where they both looked so peaceful, it was easy to tell himself that everything would be different from now on. That this was the last time they would have to run. It was never true though, nothing had really changed. Somewhere a monster still hunted them and that wouldn’t stop just because, right now, everything before him appeared normal. “Take care of your mother, kid” he smirked, stroking Kira’s cheek, “when… when we come back, I want you both in one piece.” The child cooed and his heart melted. “If you promise me that, I can promise you we will do the same.” He left them again and was about to turn back towards his room when he decided to turn in the other direction towards the cockpit. He sat in the captain's chair once more and stared at the holo-pad with disgust. He flipped on the console and began his transmission. The message was coded and sent off to the Resistance. Whoever was hunting them was winning, and they were letting it happen. They were too vulnerable to fight and they were made to surrender. Rey, who had put on a fresh shirt, had taken her seat in front of the console shortly behind him. She stared out at the rock terrain before them. “It’s time, isn’t it?” She said. “it’s not going to be easy.” “How does it happen?” “Well, there are a few ways. Death is the most common option. Certainly the easiest.” Ben tried to soften the mood, but Rey just continued her daze ahead. “Or our feelings for each other, could… change.” “Next,” she responded immediately. That wasn’t something you could just decide. “The last option… is a dark side ability, one I can still probably manage,” he sighed, afraid to mention his remaining ties to the darkness, “the ability to break someone's connection with the force. Completely” “Oh, well, that's it.” was all she said. She surprised herself at the reaction. “Rey, it’s not a… nice process. It’s horrible.” He let his memory illuminate the process. Her eyes widened at the visuals that passed through her. “It’s not just deactivating your connection, it’s ripping it from your soul. It can’t be undone. It will change you, for Maker knows how long.” He swallowed. “It’s torture, unlike anything Snoke…or I… have put you through. It’s made to torture.” “I love you.” she reminded him, as he fumbled over his words. She’d long since forgiven him for his past life and mistakes, but she feared what he was preparing her for as memories of that past life flooded her. “I wish I could even begin to tell you how much I love you.” She pulled their foreheads together and they rested there, basking in their last shared moments while the shared light between them flourished within each other. “This isn’t forever.” “I’m afraid,” Ben shook, “I… I’m afraid of what may change. The bond is what brought us together, what changed us, what happens when… you don’t feel that anymore?” Her jaw dropped just slightly, almost offended that he thought her affection could be so easily broken after all they’ve been through. “Don’t you dare think that way.” Ben took the chance to close the gap between them, lips softly touching and then all consuming. He backed away then kneeled next to her, eyes stinging. He lifted a hand to her face, and at first she leaned into it as a comforting gesture before she felt all the air being knocked from her lungs. She tried to grasp at her throat, but it was useless, her limbs had become numb yet alive with needles at the same time. She gazed once more at her husband whose stare was filled with an intensity that was no longer his. She slammed her eyes shut, trying to focus on managing a breath when her head filled with fog. “I’m so sorry,” were the words she could barely hear through the sound of her racing heart. The pulse echoed in her ears and beat at her skull. She was able to gain control of her lungs for a brief moment and inhaled sharply, but it was met with a pain unlike any other. Certainly, she was screaming, certainly, she was wasting the precious air she had obtained. She couldn’t hear her screams, but she could feel it. Her head was then filled with an inhuman wail, mechanical almost. It ripped through her mind as she felt her body jerk in reaction and an outside force slammed down on her to hold her in place. She couldn’t control anything, she wanted to fight back, but each effort was fought off with a blast of excruciating pain. There was a monster. A monster was doing this to her, there was more ripping and she felt as if her mind was melting. She was taken, she wasn’t supposed to be here. Why couldn’t she remember? Another violent tear ripped through her and the hand on her face clamped down. If only she could open her eyes, she could see this creature, the one who had ahold of her. She fought back once more but was met with more resistance than ever, she couldn’t even exit her own mind. She had been walled in. Just in time, she was able to manage another breath, but the devastating agony repeated itself. A thousand knives plunged into her chest, and sure enough that breath was gone. The ripping returned, but this time it wasn’t through her mind. The monster outside of her head was in her chest, her heart, her soul and fibers of the force swirled in the backs of her eyes. And she watched. She could only watch as each one fought and cried before they snapped into oblivion, each snap met with more wounds. She knew she was screaming at whoever was there to stop. But then with whatever conscious she had left, an image appeared. A tall man in all black, a tattered cloak and soulless eyes looked down at her. It was him. He appeared human but he was nothing of the sort. The images dissipated as more strands of light cracked and ripped through her soul. There was nothing left to fight, nothing left to feel. She could manage nothing but short sharp inhales and but they supplied no satisfaction. The last bit of light fought harder than the rest, but Rey couldn’t fight alongside it. She mourned it as it faded, leaving darkness. The screeching went out in waves, the pulsing still loud, but she was thankful, for it was the shred of proof that she was still alive. But in her head, it was dark, she searched everywhere but still felt nothing. Nothing but the hand that lingered on her face, the one that wiped away her tears as if they had cared about what they had done. She was so weak but coming to, she found herself regaining some movement in her limbs and she needed to run. She shifted slightly and was almost surprised to find she was not restrained by any sort of machinery or metal. She feared what would be waiting when she opened her eyes, but she also feared what was to come if she kept them closed. Testing her muscles carefully she decided she had just enough strength to stand and maybe escape when given the chance. So she braved to look at her monster. He was different than she remembered, instead of layers of black, he just had on an old, filth covered, beige shirt. His eyes weren’t as dark as before, but they were red and glossy as if he felt something for her. “Get away from me,” she hissed defiantly, spitting into his face. He removed his hand from her to wipe it away. “Rey…” the man tried reaching for her again and she flung out her leg and kicked him in the gut. He fell backward onto the ships console and Rey managed to throw herself onto the floor, pulling her body towards the back of the cockpit. She was on a ship. She had been here before. The loading dock was close, the freighter would be easy to escape. The man recovered quickly from her blow and blocked her path. Rey was able to make it to her feet, waiting for him to make his next move, but he didn’t. He just stood there. “You’re sick,” she bit at him, “You’re a monster.” She impulsively lunged at him, her weakened body only enough to make him stumble. She threw her fists, and he did nothing to stop it. Why wasn’t he fighting back? She looked into herself for more strength, guidance by the force, as she threw more punches onto his chest. There was still nothing there. She tried once more and felt oblivion within her. Terrified, she jumped back, stumbling across a passenger chair and grasped at her chest. “How.. how could you?” she cried, grasping at something that wasn’t there. It had become painfully obvious what he had done. His eyes welled up in response, and Rey could only think of how his staged sympathy was a pathetic color on him. She attempted to lunge at him once more and in that brief passing his hand softly touched her temple. Her vision blurred, and a black halo closed in on her. She woke up in a cold sweat by new surroundings. She was placed onto a bunk in a room that had been obviously lived in given the amount of clothes and possessions scattered about. Finding her bearings and making it to her feet she explored the small space, and upon further inspection, the clothing was her own. This was her room. She knew it somehow. Her pulse quickened as she heard the sound of another nearby. Whimpering cries bounced down the corridor of the ship into her room and Rey dashed towards them, somehow knowing they were calling for her. The wails came from the open room next to hers. The room was nearly empty, aside from some storage in the far corners and two cradles in the middle. She carefully walked towards them to find one still containing a child. The child was upset, but not in hysterics. Rey kneeled down next to the baby, shushing her gently, petting the soft fuzz of her dark hair. She cooed and the two shared a smile before her eyes wandered over to the second bed. It was empty except for a piece of paper turned on it’s back. She leaned over to grab it and discovers it to be a photo. Her heart shattered. The image is of her, tired and disheveled, but still smiling so wide that her eyes appear closed. She was lying in a bed of sorts, perhaps some sort of medical facility given the equipment, holding a child in her arms. She glanced down at the child before her as her heart pounded. They weren’t alone in the picture. He was there. He was smiling too, his face in profile as it pressed against hers. He… he was holding a child too. Her memory came flooding back and she gazed at the ring on her finger. Where she was, why she was there, what had happened, it all had become clear as she ran from the room back into her own. She opened every drawer, looked in every corner, but the only things she could find were her own. She screamed his name, in hopes this had all been some horrible nightmare. Her screams must have scarred the child for she joined her in her cries. This time much more panicked than before. She ran back to her daughter and swung her up in her arms. She sobbed, unsure which one of them was crying harder. She collapsed with the child in her arms, holding her so close she was almost afraid to crush her. She whispered nothing but words of love and adoration into her baby's ear and the two rocked back and forth on the cold surface. Notes: Thanks for reading the first chapter!! I swear this will eventually be a fluffy romantic comedy of shorts. http://inexorably-drawn-to-you.tumblr.com/ Chapter 2 : Seven Years Later: Part I Notes: Seven Years Later. Warning: alludes briefly to sexual assault. (No actions take place, it is just brought up in conversation) (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Kira had lived an absolutely ordinary eight years, and her mother wouldn’t have had it any other way she’s convinced. The two of them had spent nearly all that time on a comically small military base, which had become essentially inactive. On occasion outside ships would fly in, sometimes her mother did repairs, sometimes people would write records on the whole exchange, and then the ships would fly away. It was boring. Her Uncle Poe was all but that, though. He was the one person stationed here who actually had stories to tell. Poe had insisted that before she was born her mother had joined him on these adventures, even led some of her own, and had even more stories than he had. He was surely lying though because her mother would always walk away when she asked about it. Her mother would smile a lot, but it often meant she felt saddened by something and didn’t want Kira to know. The whole base was fooled by this facade, but somehow Kira knew it wasn’t real. Her mother could talk to Uncle Poe with a huge grin, or get a holo from her Uncle Finn and laugh for hours, but somewhere in her heart she knew she was sad. She had only asked about her father once, and up until that point she was pretty sure she didn’t even have one. But all the other kids on base had two parents: two moms, two dads, one of each, or if they didn’t have two they at least knew who the second was. The first person she asked was Poe, because he had a soft spot for her and wouldn’t just walk away from difficult questions like her mum. “Do I have another parent?” She asked over a game of Dejarik. He spluttered, “Excuse me?” “I think I’m supposed to have two.” “Most people do,” he smiled, though he could think of an exception from a story he had heard long ago. “But you do have a father.” “Mum has never talked about him.” She fiddled with her fingers and Poe frowned, thinking he had said too much. “Hmm,” he started, knowing he had no right to continue without Rey, “well, remember a little while back when you lost your favorite stuffed animal, the loth-cat one.” Kira nodded, mournful by the memory. “Remember how upset you were and how you didn’t want another one, you just wanted the one you had because it was special?” “Yeah,” she said in the pause Poe left, but he didn’t continue. One of the holographic monsters in the game smashed another. “Did you know him?” “Yes.” He was clearly uncomfortable. “Does everyone know him?” He smirked. “Well, you look just like him sometimes, you’ve got his hair and maybe his mouth, so most people think they’ve figured it out around here, but it is a bit of a secret to most.” “But you know him? Like, know him know him?” She jumped up, slamming her hands on the table. “I think this is a conversation best saved for your mother,” he moved a piece to try to continue the game, but he knew it was over at this point. Kira jumped at the chance for the winning move and grinned from ear to ear. “Consider your victory a birthday present, any other day I wouldn’t have gone so easy on you!” Poe stood as he ruffled the girl’s curly dark hair and left the room in defeat. Kira smiled at the newly obtained information, and settled back into the booth. It wasn’t much, but it was something. Rey and Kira had made their home on the Millennium Falcon. It hadn’t left the bases' hanger in years, but Rey had fixed it up well to more resemble a real home. Others who were stationed there were given small apartments, and Rey was given that option as well but the Falcon was far more than suitable to live in full time, especially when docked. More spacious too. Poe trotted down the loading bridge of the ship on his exit when he was greeted by the shape of a woman carrying enough bags of supplies and goods that it piled over her face. “She asked me about him, Rey” was the first thing he said. Rey didn’t react aside from shifting the bags in her arms, Poe instinctually grabbed a few to help lighten the load, and so she could actually see. “Who?” She was surely stubborn, but this was more of a signal for him to end the conversation at that. “Just because you won’t talk to me about it, doesn’t mean it won’t be the first thing she asks you when you walk in that door,” he sighed, “I’m just giving you a heads up.” “I… I don’t know what you are talking about.” Poe could hear the frog in her throat, she swallowed hard. “You just hope you don’t.” Rey pushed past him in that instant and Poe followed behind to drop the bags in a small kitchen nook that had been installed on the ship. She automatically started putting things into cabinets and Poe leaned against the wall waiting for her to speak again. She had no plans too. “Rey…” he started. “Mum!” The voice echoed from down the hall, “are you home?!” Rey froze, dreading what was to come. Truth was, she had been losing sleep over this day for seven years. The little girl peaked her head into the nook where her mother and uncle stood and Rey shut a cabinet she had just finished filling. “Yes, my dear, but you mustn't go poking around in here, you don’t want to ruin the surprise do you?” the small girl shook her head frantically and ran back out. Rey sighed. “Really? Is that how you are going to avoid this?” Poe almost laughed but Rey shot him a look. She went back to try to empty another bag but fell forward onto the counter, grabbing at her chest as her heart did it’s best not to collapse. Poe rushed to her side and lifted her chin as tears started falling from her face. She continued clenching at her chest as if she wanted to physically grab something there, but alas, nothing. “I can’t do this,” she whispered through broken breaths, “I’m not ready.” “You can do this. She just wants to know that he exists. Maybe tell her his name, or how you met.” She glared through wet eyes. “Okay, maybe not how you met.” This almost merited a smile from her. Almost. “I’ll go wait outside,” Poe said, “start small, tell her that he’s tall or something, that’s easy.” “Do you think…” she paused, unsure of how to phrase her next question, “Do you think she knows anything about… her?” In the seven years since the separation, she hasn’t been able to even mention the names of her husband or other daughter aloud, even with her two closest friends who were two of the only people who even knew about them. Poe shook his head, knowing to what she was referring, and helped Rey find her bearings. He held onto her arms for a few moments as she tried catching her breath and wiped a tear from her face. Rey nodded and Poe took that as his cue to step out. “I’ll be back for the party,” he smiled as he headed towards the loading dock. Rey lingered near the exit to watch her friend leave and as soon as he was out of view her young daughter dashed out. “Mum!” She greeted her mother formally now with a hug, “when does the party start?” “About an hour, dear.” her mother kneeled to reach her level and she closed her eyes with a sigh, “your Uncle Poe told me you wanted to ask me about something.” Kira shifted nervously for she knew this topic would make her mother unhappy, why else would she have never brought it up before? She wanted to know, but she didn’t want to hurt her feelings. “I can ask you later,” Kira murmured. For a moment Rey was relieved, but saw the disappointment in her the child’s eyes. “We can talk about it now,” she said, putting a thoughtful hand to her daughters face. “I don’t want you to be upset for tonight.” Rey took a step back, a bit saddened at the accusation, but wasn’t surprised at the girls inept ability to sense things that were not seen. “I promise you, my love, nothing will make me happier than celebrating with you.” She wrapped her arm around the her daughter and the two of them headed towards an open room. Kira eagerly hopped onto her bed, mother sitting next to her, the two crossing their legs and turning to face one another. A position they often shared while playing with stuffed toys or reading bedtime stories. “So,” she started, “Uncle Poe said you want to know about your -“ she choked on the term and cleared her throat, “- father.” “Uncle Poe said he knows him,” Kira smiled, a familiar toothy grin that made Rey’s heart melt. “He does.” “What’s he like?” Rey had known this would be difficult, for she rarely let herself think about him in this capacity. She never let his features come into focus when her mind drifted to him. Only when Rey recognized the similar traits shared between her daughter and him would she see him clearly for a moment, just before the grief blurred him yet again. “Tall.” was the first thing that came out, she could tell that answer was unsatisfactory but Kira took it. “Taller than you?” “Way taller than me.” “Taller than Uncle Poe and Uncle Finn?” “Way taller than them,” Rey chuckled as the girl leaned in, hanging off every word. “What else?” she whispered excitedly, and it broke Rey’s heart to see this much enthusiasm over such a menial detail. “He has dark hair like you.” She took a wisp of Kira’s hair and tucked it behind her ears. “You may have his ears too.” Kira quickly brushed her hair in front of them. “Uncle Poe told me he was like my stuffed Loth-Cat.” She fiddled and pouted her lips, because she didn’t quite understand the comparison, and by her mothers expression she was confused was well. “My toy that you gave me for my birthday when I turned five.” “I suppose… he could have… loth-cat features,” she stated with the same inflection as a question. “What…what happened to him?” And a sudden a rush of memories flooded back that took her breath away. Her eyes must have glazed over in that moment for her daughter began to reach out. She held the small hand in her own and grazed her thumb across her knuckles. “Your father and I got married when the galaxy was still being haunted by the aftershocks of the war,” Rey began, averting her daughters eyes, “we had won, but some people were not happy about that, and thought that your father and I needed to be held responsible for our crimes against their… personal ideals. While we were together, your father and I were very easy to track down, a lot of people were hurt trying to protect us, and… you.” She thought of the other girl, the one who must look just like the one in front of her. With a deep breath, Kira admitted her biggest curiosity and worry, “did he die?” Rey’s heart sank even lower as she watched the light fade from the child's face. Though Rey had knowingly withheld every detail about Kira's father, the thought had never occurred that her daughter had known so little about him that she didn’t even know if he was alive. She cursed herself for letting that happen, she had been so selfish. “Oh no, my love,” she comforted, and Kira lit up again, “he just, he had to leave, but he did it for us.” She paused. Kira was too young to hear any of this, but perhaps it was only Rey who was not ready. “The force is very strong within our family, and all of us together, we were a very easy target for those who cherished it’s… darker uses.” The daughter blinked, as she attempted to absorb the information, but most of it soared right over her youthful outlook. “So, he’s alive!” Kira concluded. “I have no reason to think he’s not.” While no one had confirmed his status since he had left, she had hoped if tragedy struck the news would have gotten to her somehow. She was given peace of mind by that reasoning, and she could safely assume that somewhere her husband and daughter were alive and happy together. “So…can we find him one day?” “I hope so, love.” “Mum?” She looked away. “After the party, can you tell me more?” “Of course, sweetheart,” she stumbled over the endearment. Rey stood from the bed after kissing her daughter sweetly on the forehead. She held out a hand to help Kira up, and the two of them walked towards to doorway. Suddenly Kira stopped like she had heard something, she darted towards the exit ramp and let out and excited squee. “Uncle Finn!” The child yelped, and Rey dashed after her to see her friend walking up the dock, near tackled by an eight-year-old. She leaped up into his arms and he swung her around before placing her back on the ground. “Mum didn’t say you were coming!” “It was supposed to be a surprise,” Rey smiled, but running up to hug him as well. Squeezing each other so tightly they both took in an exaggerated breath when they parted. “I’m so happy you made it!” “Anything for this little nugget,” he tousled the girl's hair and she rapidly tried to fix it. “Is Sam here?” She tugged on his jacket. “Of course, he should be with his mother by this ship still.” He looked back on the hanger and pointed towards the front. Kira dashed off without another word and the adults chuckled as she bounced away. “So, are you going to tell me why you look like an Astro-mech just fell on you?” Finn looked back to Rey, who was startled by his lack of subtlety. “Is it that obvious?” “Maybe just to me.” “She asked about him.” “That would do it.” The tear she had been holding in fell and she quickly rubbed it away. Though she may have felt slightly relieved that she was able to let herself feel weak for a moment. Her friend put an arm around her shoulder and he rubbed her head playfully. “Hey, no sad faces!” He exclaimed, and she smiled as she wiped her eyes again. “I know, I promised Kira that!” Rey gestured over to the girl who was now running around the hanger with a young boy about her age. As they ran their laughter echoed through the metal walls. Kira was infatuated with Sam, well, as infatuated at an eight year old could be. Her mother would tease her about her crush, but it wasn’t like that. Sam, to her, was the most interesting person she’d ever met. He’d gotten to see the galaxy, and though he had only been to four or five planets, Kira was sure he’d seen the entire universe by the way he told stories. “What’s Coruscant like?” she begged, as they ran hand in hand out of the docks. “It’s crazy!” They reached a patch of grass and plopped down together. “There are so many people! Some even have to live underground because it’s so crowded, but some people get to live in the sky!” “Does it have more people than Naboo?” She questioned. Naboo was her favorite place that she had been told about. “Way more people.” He stretched out his arms to express just how much larger it was. “Dad says it’s the busiest planet in the whole galaxy.” “Whoa.” “But I like it here more,” he grinned, his sharp eyes glistening, “there is more room to play. On Coruscant you can barely move without a speeder trying to run you over!” He pointed to a scrape on the tanned skin of his knee. “I had to dive out of the way, I could have died!” In truth, Sam had just slipped one day, but he liked to watch Kira’s face when he talked about his adventures. “Sam!” She exclaimed, as if she had remembered something, her voice turned to a whisper, “guess what?!” “What?” He was surprised, very rarely had Kira been excited to tell him about something that had happened in her life. “I found out I have a dad!” she leaned in so no one else could hear. “Really?!” Sam was a bit too loud with his response, and Kira shushed him. He apologized and covered his mouth. “My mum says he’s alive, he just had to leave…” her tone switched between enthusiastic and a bit disheartened. “Do you know why?” “It was to protect us,” she said, puffing out her chest, trying to make this man seem more heroic. “Was not.” Another voice made itself clear from behind them. The two kids looked up and met a scowl that they eagerly reflected at him. “Go away, Tag” Kira hissed. Tag Brance was a couple years older, and with that, he thought he brought great wisdom. But to Sam and Kira, he only brought great buffoonery. “I’ve heard my dad talk all about your dad,” he bragged, acting like he knew a secret. Kira rolled her eyes for she had no interest in his lies. “You don’t even know him.” she bit back, acting like she had known him herself. “Go away,” Sam repeated. “Fine, but if you want to know who your father really is, come and find me.” He dramatically turned away, flipping his hand as his outing gesture. He sauntered back towards the hangers and passed Rey along the way, who was looking for the two children in the grass. “Hey, I don’t know about you, but I’m starving, and you have a birthday cake that’s calling your name,” Rey said as she reached them, leaning down to their level. The two popped up excitedly and they all dashed back towards the Falcon. They had set up a small party for Kira, with the other kids on base running around playing games, and parents standing around the ship drinking and laughing in bemusement of their children. Kira was leading a game of her own design, which was complex and involved a lot of screaming and hiding from each other. Her friends had brought her small presents for her to open. A couple toy animals, which Kira loved, and other knick-knacks. They ate their weights worth of snacks, and she blew out the candles on her cake. She wished for one thing, and Rey smirked when Kira told her she couldn’t tell her what it was, or else it wouldn’t come true. Her mother, Finn, and Poe had been talking intimately most of the night until the party had basically cleared out. Rey looked uneasy even though she promised she wouldn’t be upset tonight. Finn and Poe took turns giving her mother comforting gestures until finally she nodded and waved Kira over. “Your Uncle Poe has another present for you.” She said, a bit nervously. “What is it, what is it!?” She jumped and the adults laughed at her eagerness. “Now, this is from your Uncle Finn too,” Poe added, leaning down to her. “There is a flight academy on Coruscant, and while classes aren’t in session they have camps for the younger kids, and we thought that maybe you would like to go.” Her eyes darted to her mother, waiting for her to reject this idea, but she didn’t. Kira smiled and looked back to Poe. “Really?!” “You’ve wanted to fly as long as I can remember.” Poe ruffled her hair once again. “I would get to be a pilot?” She squeaked, gazing back at her mother, just waiting for her to interject. “Well, it is just simulators for the kids, but you would get to experience a lot,” Finn added, “and I’ll still be stationed there, so while the Academy isn't super close, if you need me, I can be there in a heartbeat.” “Is Sam going to go too?” “That boy takes after me a bit too much, he’d never admit it, but he’s terrified of flying.” Finn shook his head, and Kira chuckled because that was very contradictory to most of the stories Sam told. Kira had wanted to fly, that was true, but she mostly wanted to explore. She had done plenty of exploring around the base, within the forests and meadows, but there is only so much to discover in the same old brush day after day. “Mum, can I go?” She pleaded. “Please, please, please?” She clasped her hands in front of her and gave her mother her best wide-eyed expression. “Against my better judgment, your uncles may have managed to convince me you may have fun.” she sighed, but still beaming. “Now, you will be gone for three weeks.” Poe sounded a little sterner, “and your mom won’t be able to go with you, so you are going to have to be okay with that.” “I’m okay!” she exclaimed, perhaps a bit too eagerly. “I didn’t think you’d be that excited to leave me!” Rey joked, leaning down to give her a hug. “Thank you!” Kira nuzzled into her, and Rey struggled to let go. She was going to go to Coruscant. She was going to see a whole new planet, with brand new people. She was going to learn how to fly, and maybe one day she could have her own ship. She hugged her uncles as another thank you and dashed off to tell Sam. She found him picking at some leftover cake. “Sam! I am going to go to Coruscant!” “I know! I had to keep it a surprise!” He grinned, mouth full of frosting. “It’s too bad that I can’t go… I’ll be busy… uh… blaster training,” he stumbled on his lie, but Kira didn’t mind. She was too excited. “No wonder your mother is so eager to send you off.” Tag's voice had made itself clear from around the corner. “What are you talking about, Brance?” Kira crossed her arms and pouted at his ability to turn her mood so sour. “Your mom never even wanted you in the first place, now she has an excuse to get rid of you.” He smirked, trying to get them to badger him for details. “She probably gets sick just looking at you. I heard my dad say you look just like your father.” “Leave me alone,” Kira rolled her eyes, having no interest in continuing this conversation. “That’s why your mom never talks about him, you know, ‘cause she didn’t like him and she never wanted to have you." “That’s not true.” She murmured, losing her confidence. She couldn’t prove that it wasn’t, but certainly it couldn’t be. “My dad said so,” he was so smug about the whole thing, despite not quite understanding what those words implied, “he said that your father hurt your mom, that he was a bad man, and he made her have you.” While the children didn’t really know what that meant, Tag had known it would hurt her feelings and it was working, but the boy had always been a liar, Kira told herself. “Cut it out,” Sam interjected, “You don’t know that.” “Then why doesn’t she tell anybody about him? Why does she want to keep it a secret when my dad says everyone has figured it out anyway?” He brought his face down to Kira’s since he was a little taller, and she greeted it with a fist. He yelped in pain and Kira ran, tears streaming down her face. Sam started to chase after her and Rey caught up to him. “Sam, what happened?” she said as he stopped, she looked down at the older boy on the concrete holding his nose as blood came pouring out. “Tag was being mean,” was all he said. Rey dashed after her daughter who had left the launch bay completely to the patches of grass. “Kira, what did you do?” Rey scolded as she reached her. Kira was folded up on the ground, getting more dirt on her already beaten clothing. “Did you want to have me?” She blurted out, sniffling and rubbing her nose. Rey nearly dove down onto the grass to scoop up her child, putting her in her lap. “Honey of course I did, I wanted you so much, why would you ever say that?” “Tag said that you didn’t because of who my father is.” “What?” “He said that his dad said that you didn’t want to have me, and dad was bad and that you were made to have me, and you didn't want me.” Rey stopped breathing. An anger filled her that she hadn’t felt in years. She turned her daughter towards her and they locked eyes, “Tag told you this?” Kira nodded, and Rey bit her lip. “My love, no matter what anyone tells you, please know that you were always wanted. Your father and I both wanted you so badly, and love you so much,” she paused as she took a breath, “and no matter what anyone tells you, know that your father and I love each other very much, and we will get to be with him again one day, and you will understand that.” Kira beamed as her eyes still glistened with tears in the moonlight. She buried herself in her mother's chest and she swayed with them both until Poe came running out. “What happened in there, kid?” he exclaimed, with mild concern, unable to stop smiling cause he’s always hated that Brance kid. “Kira will tell you all about it,” Rey said as they both stood, brushing themselves off, “why don’t you and Uncle Poe go back to the ship, Mum needs to go run a quick errand before bedtime.” As soon as they were out of sight, Rey bolted towards the base apartments. She scrolled down the directory of occupants and landed on the Brance name. When she stormed to their door she was not subtle with her current state of anger by her knock. A stubbled man, with dark side-swiped hair, answered the door. “Sorry to bother you so late, Teslin.” Rey said through gritted teeth. “Look, you don’t need to apologize, Tag can be a bit of a nuisance sometimes…” “I’m not here about Tag,” she spat. Though he was part of the issue, he was nowhere near the root of the problem. “What have you been telling your son?” “About?” The man looked back into his apartment, and took a step out into the hall, closing the door behind him so the rest of his family wouldn’t listen in. “About Kira’s father.” Teslin turned red, and shied away, “look, we talk about it on base sometimes, it's slow around here and it’s pretty clear who her father is, you can’t just hide it away and expect it not to be a subject of gossip. I haven’t told him anything, but there’s a chance he may have overheard just some banter when a couple of the guys come over for a drink or something.” “What sort of banter?” her fists clenched. “I’ve been with the resistance a long time, for Leia’s sake we’ve all kept our mouths shut about her son, after everything that happened with Vader, she doesn’t deserve that sort of backlash twice, she’s earned her people’s trust and her family shouldn’t discredit it.” At least he understood that much, but the anger still fumed in her. “We know who her son was, we know what he was like. The man is… was.. a beast” “So, you think he assaulted me?” “Rey, it’s just mindless gossip, it's not a big deal, not everyone thinks that.” “Tell that to my daughter who was in tears moments ago because she was told I never wanted her!” she paused, “You have no idea what you are talking about, and what you are accusing him of isn’t just gossip. That is never gossip. It’s a sickening lie.” “So, he is her father?” He said as that was the only information he seemed to absorb. Though Rey didn’t confirm or deny that fact, the fist that she threw certainly proved that Kira was her daughter. Teslin recoiled against the wall and Rey turned away. The man frantically opened his apartment door and slammed it behind him and she left the building without even glancing back. She collapsed on that same patch of grass, pulling her knees up to her face. Chin quivering and she imagined him next to her. Pulling the blades by their roots one by one like children. Leaning into each other, telling each other stories from their time apart. She pathetically searched within herself once more to find a way to him, to both of them, but she was met with the same feeling as every time before. Emptiness. She gazed up at the stars, those stars which, even know, kept them all connected somehow. Notes: Thanks for joining for Chapter 2! Ben and Kylin will be next! (Also apologies, will proofread tonight, wanted to get the chapter out now!) http://inexorably-drawn-to-you.tumblr.com/ Chapter 3 : Seven Years Later: Part II Notes: Ben and Kylin and the continued symptoms of broken Force Bonds. For Reference: Ben and his status on Birren is based on what is established in 'Bloodline' by Claudia Grey (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) In her entire eight years, she was sure her father hadn’t gone a single day without mentioning her mother in some sort of context. On her eighth birthday, she finally understands why. He would swear that she looks just like her, but when she sees a photo of her for the first time she comes to see that that was not true at all. She was beautiful. For her birthday her father gave her a locket. It’s exquisite and beautiful with an emblem she’s not quite familiar with on the front. Small but intricate jewels surround the symbol and the tip loops around a gold chain. “It’s perfect!” she exclaimed, throwing it over her neck, dashing to the mirror in the back of her room that reaches the floor to admire her newly completed outfit. Her nearly black curly hair has been tied up on the top of her head, stray pieces hung at either side of her temples, and she wore a knee-length sundress that shone different shades of blue depending on how the light hit it. She took the opportunity to spin so her skirt whipped around and stopped to face her father. “It opens,” he replied, a little hesitant. “Oh!” She looked down at the pendant on her chest and begun to fiddle with it until it clicked open. Upside down it was hard to tell, but as soon as she flipped it... she knew. “Is this her?” she whispered, almost stunned. “Yes.” “Will you ever tell me-?” she started, but trailed off, her eyes still locked on the image. No wonder her father was so enamored with her. The picture was simple, and small so she can’t tell much, but she could make out a wide smile. The smile her father has told her on multiple occasions that they share and made all the suns seem dull in comparison. “Hopefully I won’t have too,” he replied to her unfinished thought, the corner of his mouth raising into a slight smile. He bowed down to take his daughter's hand. “Now, I believe we have a party to attend, everyone is waiting for us in the gardens.” Birren was a small, but beautiful planet that lay within the inner rim. Citizens of Alderaan and Arkanis had colonized it many years ago and it was now home to many of the last people who considered themselves from the lost planet. They were a world who cherished royalty and the treasured familial line, though not biological, of the late Bail Organa. So while Ben didn’t share blood with the man, the people of Alderaan were so smitten with the princess who became his mother, she had been accepted as the true Organa heir without a fight. At least not until the galaxy found out her true lineage. But all the same, the royal line on Birren had been respected by it’s people, and from his birth, Ben had been put in line to inherit a title of his own. It was never something he wanted or dreamed of accepting, but at a certain point of corruption within Birren, and little option for himself, he felt it was the least he could do as penance. Birren was small enough that his presence could remain under the radar, but his status on the planet also guaranteed first-class protection. So while he had convinced himself his decisions to go there were not selfish, they did benefit him immensely. The line between the man who was Kylo Ren and Ben Organa-Solo was complicated for him, but to most people they were separate. Most hadn’t even come to realize that they were once one in the same. That information had been safe guarded within the Resistance forces, and Ben supposed he was grateful for that, but also felt like keeping this information hidden was deceitful. Rumors would arise, of course, of where Ben Organa-Solo was during the time of war, whispers within the court, but they were soon squashed by the placed Resistance forces or Leia herself. Kylin had her suspicions as well. Her father had been sure not to lie to her, but that did mean withholding the truth when needed. She hadn’t been alive during the short-lived tyranny of the First Order, but it was something the galaxy was still cleaning up after to this day. The girl didn’t know what her father was hiding, but it was surely something he’d regretted so she didn’t push him much. She assumed that it may be part of the reason they had to leave her mother when she was so young. That was always something Ben had made sure Kylin knew. They left her mother, and not the other way around. He always tried to paint the woman in the best light, as some sort of goddess, but sometimes it backfired and made Kylin resent her at times. As the two of them reached the palace gardens they were met by people of all measures of political power. While Kylin enjoyed parties and social events, especially if it meant she’d receive presents of sorts, she knew this one, in particular, would be quite dull. Not many of the politicians had children, and as Kylin didn’t leave the palace for schooling she didn’t have many friends her own age. She found herself in the company of droids at these events, as her father would be busy with the company of socialites schmoozing him. The politicians wished her a polite happy birthday, but she just eyed the astounding pile of presents behind them. The presents that were more likely bought to impress her father rather than her. “Thank you.” she nodded for what seemed like the hundredth time as they quickly bypassed her to their esteemed Lord. Royalty on Birren didn’t mean much in terms of influence, there was some political power, but it was mostly just a vanity. People seemed to forget that, though. “Happy birthday, sweetheart,” said a voice from behind. Finally a voice she recognized. Kylin turned around and leaped into her grandmother's arms who happily obliged to squeeze her back. “Grandmother, you are back!” She exclaimed, “Father said not to expect you.” From a few feet over Ben glanced down at the child, hinting for her to stop talking. “Ignore your father, he just likes thinking that I’m going to let him down whenever I get the chance.” Ben groaned at the comment as he pretended to be engaged in the conversation he was having with a junior senator. “Look what Father got me,” she turned suddenly to a whisper and dragged her grandmother by the arm to a corner of the garden. She noticed her father look at them once more in despair as his only two excuses to not have to deal with these political suck-ups abandoned him. Once they were in a more secure area, Kylin pulled the locket from her dress. “It’s beautiful,” Leia said and bent down to lift it up, examining the shape. “What’s the symbol on the front?” The girl inquired, assuming that she would know. “It’s the Jedi Order, from the days of the Galactic Republic.” she replied instantly, still examining it, “I wonder how you're father found this…” Kylin softly grabbed the heart of the locket from her grandmother and clicked it open for her. She placed it back in her hands and Leia stilled. “She’s pretty, isn’t she?” Kylin said, not quite reading on Leia’s uneasiness. From across the crowd her father's voice became clear, “Pardon me, but I must go attend to my family, this is after all, my daughter's birthday.” He walked briskly in their direction, his long red robes almost making him look like he’s floating. He reached them and focused his glare to his mother, “If you leave me alone with those buffoons one more time this evening…” “You’ll do what?” Leia met his gaze, and while Ben struggled to hold his tongue, he managed too. There was a brief moment of silence and Leia turned to her granddaughter, “why don’t you go speak to Artoo and Threepio, I’m sure they would quite like your company.” Kylin looked around for the droids and spotted the golden glare from Threepio's head from across the ways, behind a large fountain. She nodded and ran off, leaving Leia with her son. “The present.” “I knew you’d be upset.” he said simply, looking off in the direction in which his daughter just ran. “Of course I'm upset,” she snapped, “you keep putting our operations at risk if you want this war to truly be over, if you want to return to the rest of your family without putting everyone you care about in danger…” “It’s been seven years, mother” he replied, almost monotonously, “I have very little hope that you’ll ever let me go back to them, or that you are even trying.” “Ben.” “Now, if you’ll excuse me,” he said, “I’m going to go rescue my daughter from Threepio’s masterful retelling of his encounter with the First Order during Ackbar’s rescue mission.” He waved a hand with his exit, knowing his mother was glaring blaster bolts into his back. “… and certainly, princess, you would not believe the absolute peril we went through!” Threepio had been saying as Ben approached the three. Artoo beeping next to him in exasperation. Kylin had heard this story countless times, but she nodded along in the grass as it was far more interesting than what anyone else was going to say at this party. “Excuse me,” Ben interrupted and Threepio jolted to attention. “Ah, Master Ben!” He said, “I was just telling the young princess here…” “About the time you heroically saved Admiral Ackbar from the clutches of The First Order? I believe I have heard that one.” He almost smiled a bit, and Kylin rose to her feet. She stood next to her father and he put a hand on her shoulder. “But I also believe that dinner should be served any minute now, so I believe we should go find our seats.” The two of them walked away, and Artoo beeped an insult at his golden counterpart who struck him as a response. Kylin giggled and her father let out a soft snort. “Can I sit by you?” The girl asked as her father was about to make the dining announcement. “I was just to ask you the same thing,” he smirked down at her, then he raised his voice, “We have dinner prepared in the outer courtyard, so if you would please come join us, we would… be honored.” The man shook his head, he wasn’t very good at these events, or knowing how to speak to people who hung off his every word like this. Kylin laughed again at her fathers lack of eloquence and he nudged her. The crowds began to make their way out of the central garden towards a much larger courtyard in which a series of long banquet tables had been set up. Ben took his place at the head of the center table, Kylin taking her place to his left. The spot to the right usually to be reserved for Leia, and most people would have assumed that. Kylin looked for her grandmother who was slightly detained by Threepio. But then another woman entered. A woman who’d Kylin had seen far too often in her opinion, even though their paths had only crossed three times. She was tall, slender, with black hair and an almost golden hue to her skin. She made her way to the center table and promptly took a seat next to the girl's father. “Excuse me, but that seat is reserved for my grandmother,” Kylin humphed, and Ben scolded her with his eyes for the brashness in her tone. “Oh,” she didn’t sound surprised, or affected, “but I see the spot next to you is still open, wouldn’t you rather her sit there?” “No.” she hissed as Leia finally made her way to the table. “Ah, Clara Sindain, what a pleasant... surprise.” Leia was just as fond of this woman as Kylin. Clara was once part of a highly regarded family on Birren. Her cousin had shortly held the royal title until Leia had stepped in and ripped it from her after she had discovered that this was the woman who had outed her true familial line. The waters between the two families had been rough, needless to say, from that point. “Always a pleasure,” Clara said, Leia lingered behind her, expecting her to move. “Your granddaughter was just telling me how important it was that you sit with her for this event.” Kylin snarled. “So she must have saved the seat next to her just for you.” Leia glanced towards the child and she responded by shaking her head in protest. Leia sighed, but didn’t fight it, and joined her granddaughter on the other side of the table. The instant she sat down Clara leaned in towards Ben who slightly leaned back at the abruptness. Ben was not fond of the woman either and wasn’t completely oblivious to her forwardness like his daughter thought. She had often found excuses to be near him in the court, to touch him somehow, or to try to get him alone. He had almost felt bad that she was embarrassing herself to this degree. “So, Clara,” Leia coughed to regain her attention, “what brings you to our event?” “The whole court was invited.” “It was optional.” Kylin snapped, Leia chucked as Ben lightly kicked his child’s chair again. “Your daughter is a little... spitfire... isn’t she,” Clara said through the grit of her teeth, trying to force a smile. “She takes after her mother,” Ben chimed in. Though realistically, they were both to blame when it came to this temperamental personality. “Ah, her mother,” Clara said, a little disheartened that she had been brought up. “Do you miss her?” The woman had directed this question towards the child, but her eyes were still on Ben. “Yes,” he replied for them both. He took a sip of the caf that had been placed in front of him and set it back down on the table without making eye contact with anyone. Kylin puffed out her cheeks at the woman, while she wasn’t looking, in the small victory. “Pity,” the woman sneered, her eyes darting to the child who looked away innocently. A meal of several courses was served to the party guests. Between servings, attendees would come and greet their honorable Lord, and would maybe acknowledge Kylin, as the fact this event was technically for her. She often detested the amount of people bombarding her father, but it was a welcome interruption, for it gave Clara less time to sink her claws into him. When the dessert course came, the Organa family was all ready for this charade to be over. Leia had rolled her eyes so many times over the course of the evening she had become dizzy and Kylin’s face began to hurt from the grimacing stares. But it wasn’t until Clara had leaned over to wipe something off of Ben’s face that Kylin truly lost it. The girl flicked her wrist under the table and Sindain went flying out of her seat onto the grass. “Pity,” Kylin whispered as snickers were heard from across the courtyard. The woman quickly stood and brushed off her gown. It was clear she didn’t quite know how that just happened, and in her embarrassment she excused herself and walked towards the entrance gates, face completely red. “Kylin Organa!” her father snapped to her, the smirk immediately wiped from her face, “what the hell did you do?” The child was stunned at his language, he scolded her often, but rarely did he get angry at her to this degree. The shock made her eyes burn with tears and her chin wobbled as she averted his eyes. She felt the gazes of the party guest burn into her as her father's voice had caught all of their attention. Though she was still only a child, she had never felt so small. “Go and apologize to Miss Sindain.” he pointed towards the gates in which Clara couldn’t have made it too far. “Ben…” Leia warned as she saw the terror on the child’s face. “She is my child, mother,” he spat at her, “she’s been misbehaving the entire evening!” “Well if you care about Miss Sindain so much why don’t you just marry her, that’s what she wants anyway!” Kylin burst out into tears and ran back to the gardens and Ben collapsed into his hands against the table. The silenced courtyard began to hum with chatter after a few moments. “Dammit,” he growled, his mother casually picking at her dessert once more like nothing had happened. “Mad at yourself or her?” Leia responded, taking another bite of the cake. “Both.” He stood from his chair and glided towards where his daughter had dashed off too. The child had kicked off her shoes and was sitting at the edge of the fountain. Her feet grazing the waters as they danced out of the spouts. Ben shucked off his most outer robe, rolled up his pant legs, and joined her. “Can we talk?” he started as she sniffled, rubbing her arm against her nose. “No.” “Please?” he kicked his feet in the water, splashing her slightly. “If you marry her you won’t care about finding mom anymore and we’ll never go get her,” she admitted quickly. “If you think for a moment that I’m considering even courting that woman you are even more ludicrous than I thought,” He pulled her into his side and she leaned into his soft tunic. “Promise?” “Promise.” He smiled at her, but his heart was breaking. “But you have to promise me not to use your force abilities in front of that many people again, you’re lucky nobody noticed anything.” Kylin thought for a second but eventually gave her father that promise. They stayed there until the party cleared out. Leia had taken over as the hostess and gave her apologies for her son’s disappearance and that he had to attend to some family matters. The socialites understood, applauding their Lord’s dedication to being a present single father. As the last of the guests left and the servant droids rolled in, Leia breathed a sigh of relief as she sauntered back into the gardens. “You owe me for that,” she said, her son’s head turning to her. “That’s payback for leaving me earlier.” he quipped. “I left you for one minute, you left me for more than an hour.” Kylin gave a short laugh at this and Leia looked relieved at her joy. “So you two made up?” She nodded and then Leia slipped off her shoes and joined them both. All three looking very serene and happy in that moment. Leia looked to her son though, whose eyes had glazed over looking at the empty space next to him. Though Leia had known what they had done was right, it still shattered her that her son was still so broken after all this time. She had, in a way, been the one that had taken away the one thing that made him feel whole in his entire life. As night began to fall, the three of them headed back towards the residential wing of the palace. A small train of droids carrying the pile of unopened gifts. “Do you want to open them before bed?” Ben asked his daughter, as she trailed a bit in front of him on the marble floor. “No, they are all for you anyway.” she rolled her eyes, “I’ll open them in the morning.” The father cocked his head, for this was the first time his daughter had ever turned down opening presents. But after years of opening expensive gifts that had no intention of belonging to a child, he supposed he could understand why she’s not so eager anymore. But then the girl turned around and held the locket in her hands, she clicked it open and held it out as much as the chain will allow, “I’ve already gotten the best one anyway!” Then she smiled, so brightly and wide that her eyes almost close. Ben froze. He began to look frantically for his mother who thankfully was not far behind and recognized his distress. He started clawing at his chest and Kylin reached for his hand to try to see what was happening. Leia was able to intercept it and turned the child around. “Come on, sweetheart,” she said, making sure she didn't look back, “Let’s get you ready for bed, your father will come in to say goodnight in a little bit.” He couldn't breathe. Every item of clothing on him was restricting, and within panicked breaths he quickly walked towards his own quarters, turning back ever so slightly to see his mother and daughter head in the opposite direction. He shook as he fumbled with the door knob, and when it finally opened he ripped off the ridiculous clothing he’d been wearing before the door even had the chance to close, tossing the saber he had secretly attached to his waist belt onto the floor. Why it had hit him so much harder in that moment than it ever had before he didn’t know. He continued to claw at his undershirt, feeling the need to hold onto something that was not there. He let out an open sob, covering his face, and collapsed onto his bed. He’d become a child throwing a tantrum, and he could not hold still. Becoming painfully restless, he stood again and begun to pace the elegantly furnished room. He wanted to break everything in it. Ben stopped himself, though, folding his arms around his torso, becoming his own comfort. He wanted her there so badly, within his hold, her hands on his back. He was sobbing at this point, biting his lip in a useless attempt to hold it in, and then there was a knock at the door. He could sense it was his mother, and at the same time that it takes for him to open the door, he has fallen into her arms, forgetting his age and his size. “Why did you take her from me?” he choked into her shoulder, “She was the one person who wanted me to stay... and you took her from me.” He knew somewhere that his mother couldn’t be blamed, but in this moment he needed to blame someone aside from himself, and luckily his mother was able to see that. She stroked his head, the two still standing in the doorway. “I’m so sorry,” she whispered to him, holding back her own tears. “You are doing the right thing, my son, I hope when this is all over you will know that.” “I miss her,” he whimpered, so childlike that it causes his mother to tremble, almost unable to hold his weight much longer. “I know you do,” is all she could manage to say. With a light push, she was finally able to get him to his feet and led him back into the room, the door shutting behind them. He mumbled words of nonsense as he fell onto his bed. His panicked breath was still evident, but calming as he placed his head onto his mother's lap. “I still need her.” He clenched at his heart again, trying to hold the broken pieces together. They are both quiet as Leia tries to soothe him. “But you have someone else you needs you too,” she sighed, and he stilled. “Take a deep breath, and go tell your daughter that you are okay, she’s terrified.” He laid there for a few seconds, letting himself feel weak, and his mother decided to let him. “It’s been awhile since you’ve had an outburst like this,” she said after she can feel his pulse become steady. “Thanks for noticing,” he snarled, eyes still closed. When Leia encouraged him once more, and he was finally able to stand on his feet and they wished each other goodnights at the doorway. His mother bringing a hand to his scarred cheek in doing so. He watched her leave towards her own room before heading out himself, stumbling slightly down the decorated hallway. While the urgency had subsided his facade had not returned. He knocked lightly on his daughter's door and waited for the small ‘come in’ before entering. She was under her blankets, eye’s barely peering out. The look on her face was one of absolute fright. “I don’t like it when you do that,” she said so meekly that he could barely make out the words. “Either do I,” he responded, sitting on the mattress beside her. The room was silent and she flipped to turn away from him. “I’m sorry.” “Don’t say sorry for being sad.” “I’m not, I’m sorry for scaring you… both times today,” he stated simply. “It’s okay,” she muttered in return. “Today was a bit of a whirlwind, wasn’t it?” He tried to smile, but his daughter huffed. “Sweetheart, when… you and I left...her, it was the worst day of my life, and sometimes…it's hard to handle...” He couldn't finish, but Kylin faced him again. “We’ll go find her. We’ll go find her and then this won’t happen anymore, right?” She said so innocently that Ben almost believed it. “If only it were that easy.” He put a hand on her head and she nuzzled into it. “Someday.” She began to doze off. Ben looked over at her and spotted the gold chain around her neck and smiled at the fact that she didn’t take it off for bed. “Someday,” he repeated. “Now, since I may have ruined your birthday, I think I owe you one more present.” Kylin perked up just a little bit. “What do you want?” After a moment of contemplation, her eyes widened at an idea, "I think I want to leave." “What?” He responded, a bit shocked. “Not forever, just want to see someplace else. I never get to see any kids my age, or get to play with them, I’m stuck here all the time, I just want to see someplace else.” She stared at the ceiling, raising her arms towards it as if it were the sky. “Well, I’ll see what we can do, I suppose.” He accepted, though the idea of leaving terrified him to his core. She was quiet after that, and sleep slowly became her. Ben continued to sit on the edge of the bed for a bit longer, though, and looked out the far window at the moonlight streaming in. He hoped if his other daughter had celebrated today, it had gone a bit smoother. Notes: Thanks again for tuning in! ... are we now just finally at the beginning of the movie at which this is inspired by... I guess so. inexorably-drawn-to-you.tumblr.com GUYS! Reading through your comments and ... You are all too nice!! Thanks for keeping me motivated and pumped to write this for you! Chapter 4 : Long Ago and Far Away Notes: Man, this backstory should have been a fic in itself, my apologies for having to squeeze most of it all in a chapter! Though the backstory will continue later down the line. We jump back in time again, to continue to delay this plot! Or rather need to make backstory clear for the actual plot. But. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Ben Oragana-Solo had been imprisoned for exactly one standard year after the fall of the First Order. If you could even call it being imprisoned. The guards were weak minded, and the screws on the door were loose. The access codes had been even simpler to crack. It would have been easy for the most basic of prisoners to escape, let alone one of his caliber. He never wanted to escape by his own means though, he just liked to prove that he could. He would spend the days unscrewing hinges with the Force from across the room, then putting them back into place. It had been three weeks before she came. Unconscious guards at her feet as the cell doors hissed open. They didn’t leave together, she didn’t come to break him out. She just let those doors close behind her as they both stood in the dimmed cell lights. So while he had been imprisoned, he only remembers that year fondly. Being trapped behind metal walls wasn’t nearly as bad when he had the company of the only person he'd wanted it from. It was like that for months. She’d come by when the nights were quiet, often only once or twice a standard week. These visits were long, lasted until sunrise, and were mostly confusing as words were rarely used. It was the same every time. Those same cell doors would hiss open, she’d be there, she’d sit by him, sometimes closer, sometimes farther, and she’d lose herself in her mind. Trying to figure something. Ben tried not to steal away into her thoughts, though at times he was sure she wanted him too. She was clearly concerned about something and maybe he could make sense of it. But he resisted, just admiring her company. He was calmed by it, though he could see that unsettled her. He wished for the day he could bring her that same comfort and when that thought crossed him she met his eyes and grinned. “Finn did something funny today,” she said suddenly, Ben’s face dropped from the shock of her saying more than just her usual pleasantries. “Mmh?” He honestly had no idea how to respond, and his throat closed. “Yeah!” She lifted and folded her legs onto the cot which they sat and turned towards him. “Poe and I, well, we were trying to help Finn brush up on his piloting skills, he’s not very good to be honest, sharp shooter, but can’t fly his way out of a transport crate…” As her story went on she gestured wildly and gazed off to the fictional audience she was talking too. She kept laughing before she reached the actual punchline and Ben found himself wishing she'd never reach the end so he could keep listening to that laugh. “… The simulator didn’t even know how to process it, so not only did he crash, all of the processors did!” she finished, still beaming. She met his gaze once more, waiting for a response as he had not said a word. He snorted. It was an ugly sound, certainly in no way endearing or attractive. But she laughed so hard as a response she did the same. He slammed his hand upon his mouth to stop any other crude noises from coming out and his body shook with his chuckle. This was something so new and foreign to him, for the both of them, it almost became uncontrollable. It wasn’t that the story was particularly funny, and they both knew that. They were just finally both coming to terms of how odd this series of events had been the last few months, and this was their way of admitting it. Then she silenced herself, almost distracted again, and reached for this hand. The one still covering his mouth. She shifted it slightly to the side to reveal a small portion of his grin and her thumb grazed the corner of his lips... and as if suddenly white hot she brought her hand back into her lap. Her stare left unfazed. “It is you, isn’t it?” She said, the context of the question a bit unclear. The tone a bit off-putting. He brought his hand down as his face became more sullen. “What do you mean?” She didn’t answer. Perhaps because she didn’t know. She kept coming here for a reason, and she assumed it was because she needed to prove to herself who he was, who she was dealing with. “Ben, right?” she spoke. “I guess so,” he sighed in return. But Maker knows that he had no right calling himself 'Ren' any longer either. He had truly felt that he was a man without a name. “Ben,” she whispered, softly under her breath. “There is no difference between the two of them if that is what you are asking.” This was a conversation long since due, and one he had been expecting since she first started visiting. He had been almost certain that this was the reason she kept coming, to prove to herself that he wasn’t the same man she had met in the forests of Takodana. That man had been a monster living within the shell of who he truly was, and his true self had been dormant waiting to be awakened. While perhaps there was some truth there, it wasn’t a black and white situation, he was once Kylo Ren and there was no denying their minds were one in the same. ‘that’s not true’ a thought echoed in his mind, and his train of thought was broken. She’d finally lowered her barriers to him, and for a moment he believed her. He believed her in that serenity of their shared space. She stood from his cot and broke that brief connection. She placed her hand over her own heart and left the cell without another word, the glimmer of morning light peaking through the door as she made her exit. She didn’t visit again for two weeks. Though it was easier than her past absences. She let him sense her more freely now. While the connection had always been there, they had both tried their best to keep each other out, sometimes with no avail. But now, she was more inviting. Her exact thoughts were unclear, but her wide range of emotions were vivid in his mind's eye. It entertained him tirelessly in the seemingly endless days of his empty cell. He’d been trying to sleep when she’d finally come back. Sleep didn’t come easy while imprisoned. The cot was small and uncomfortable, his legs hung off the end unless he curled up, and he didn’t tire easily as his days were filled with being stagnant. He heard that door hiss and his heart pounded. Though his eyes were still closed he could sense her presence like a burst of flames in his chest. ‘I know you’re awake’ said a soft whisper in his head. He remained in his curled state, faced away from the harsh artificial light from the open door. The light dimmed as the door closed, with surely sleeping guards slumped over in their seats outside them. Her delicate footsteps bounced off the silent walls and the cot shifted as she sat. He remained still. She hummed, filling the silence, waiting for him to recognize her presence. He was just letting himself be soothed by it. Whatever feeling she brought him was far out of his control and he knew it, he was lost to it, and had been for much longer than the time he had spent in this cell. The cot shifted again as she stood and then she slid the stiff wool blanket off of his shoulders. A moment before he was about to resign and recognize she was there, she felt her body crawl in next to his, her forehead pressed in-between his shoulder blades. Her breath coming hot through his shirt. He was positive she could hear his chest pounding but she didn’t seem to mind. In that second it all became clear and he was convinced he stopped breathing all together. That comfort he felt wasn’t exclusive, nor was it ever, not really. She was truly letting him in, barriers down, mind open. She hadn’t been this vulnerable with him since those final battles of war. It was different now though, there was no urgency or panic, just peace. Fibers of the Force flowing, weaving, and joining them. The bond between them was unbearably real. There was no denying it. It wasn't something they had asked for, in fact, both rejected the idea for some time. Now though, after everything, he was maybe even thankful for his mistakes because it lead to this moment. This moment with her next to him. “Are you going to talk to me yet?” she nudged him with her forehead, her small hand grazing his side. “No, I’m fine like this.” he muttered. He could feel her body still at that admission. Perhaps he shouldn’t have said it. He expected her to move, or to leave entirely, but she didn’t, not yet. It seemed liked an eternity passed before she responded. “...Me too” They may have slept like that, it was hard to tell if either of their hearts stopped racing long enough to accomplish that. Perhaps there were moments where they both dozed, but it certainly wasn’t deep sleep. Hours went by before the cot shifted again, and Rey made her way to leave. The metal doors made their usual hiss as they automatically slammed behind her. A guard who stood his post gawked in shock as she exited and she calmly lifted a hand before his face. “You will have no recollection of me being here.” “I will have no recollection of you being here.” She hated doing that. The weeks that turned to months continued to pass as they tried desperately to achieve a sense of normalcy during these visits. She would pass those midnight hours by telling stories of her day, and he’d jokingly chime in to report on his routine portioned meal. Some of the nights she’d sneak in a holopad and they’d play the simple games that had been installed onto the device. Other nights she’d bring in her sketches of mechanical parts she was working on, and one time she drew a small picture of him looking dastardly upset on the cot. He kept it in his pillow case. For a time this facade of normalcy seemed to be working, but Rey was still fighting something, she still had something to prove. She’d let so much of him in already and she was overwhelmed with guilt when that wasn’t enough to put her mind at ease. She was been sprawled out on the metal cell floor and Ben just amusedly watched her as she scribbled in one of her notebooks. She hadn’t said much that evening at all. “We can talk about it if you want,” he murmured, half wishing she wouldn’t hear him. “I don’t even know what it is.” she replied, still gazing intently at her sketches in the dim light. “You’re still scared of me, and you are trying to convince yourself you shouldn’t be.” He straightened himself on the bed before folding over slightly into steepled hands. “You know you don’t owe me anything.” ‘Except my life’ she thought to herself, as her pencil stopped moving. The truth was most of the people in her life wouldn’t be with her today if it weren’t for him. Though there was no denying his wrongdoings, she just couldn’t picture the man in front of her truly being the same one that was behind that dreaded mask. She’d been trying to see it, accept it, for months. While Rey was convinced there must have been another truth, on the other side of things, Ben wasn’t entirely convinced. He had blindly listened to the will of the Force , sure that it wouldn’t steer him wrong. The will of the Force had convinced him that murders were just. The will of the Force had convinced him that he was on the right side. He had been manipulated, groomed, and lied too, but that didn’t mean he was innocent. He had felt guilt. He had felt fear. A part of him must have known he was wrong if those feelings crossed him. He knew he shouldn’t be treated like he didn’t know better, like Rey and his mother had so insisted on doing. To him, the Force had betrayed him. That’s where he stood with his spiritualism. While he didn’t reject his sensitivity and the benefits it served him, a part of him felt owed to reap them, for what this 'will of the Force' had once made him. “I haven’t quite figured everything out either,” Ben sighed, after a quick silence. “I’m not sure I ever will. I feel such a disconnect to the past, but my mind was there. I know it was. I was in control…for most of it.” “Mmmm,” she hummed, not sure if she wanted to continue the conversation. “What do you want me to tell you?” he almost begged, wanting more from this dynamic, wanting it to grow when he felt that this is what was stopping it. “Ben, do you think I know? That’s why I’m here!” she slammed the pencil down and grunted. Finally. She was angry. “Do you think I want to defend you? That I’m making excuses? I’m not. Trust me. I wish I could sometimes.” “Re-“ “No. I’ve been trying to see you as him since they day they brought you here, and I can’t. I’m not trying to convince myself that I shouldn’t be scared of you, I’m trying to convince myself that I should. Every time I let you in, every time I come to you, I’m waiting for it. It doesn’t come. I’m not scared of you, not even a little bit,” she looked down and her voice got quiet, “but I'm scared of-“ Crash! The both jumped from the noise and Rey scooped up her things and dashed towards the door, knowing that the sound meant morning was near. She shuffled the papers in her hands and ran from the room. The door slammed. He was left in shock, but felt the corners of his mouth raised into a small smirk before collapsing from exhaustion. After she left Rey was surprised to find that she hadn't been met by a guard given the time. She began her trail through the line of cells and sure enough she heard steps echo throughout the hall that didn't belong to her. She readied her mind to erase her presence from the one who was about to cross her and as soon as she began to raise her hand a voice made itself clear from around the corner. “Don’t you dare.” “General?” Rey gasped as the woman presented herself. “What are you doing here, Rey?” Leia said, crossing her arms. "And please call me Leia, dear, we've been through this." “Morning routine.” She lied. “Walking through the prison cells, without supervision, is part of your morning routine?” The eldest said dryly, not believing it for a moment. “What are you doing up so early?” Rey tried to change the subject. “I’m going to go see my son, but I seem to be the only one who is willing to admit that I go and visit him.” She cocked an eyebrow and Rey nervously played with the papers in her hands. “If it’s okay for me to ask… why are you so afraid to tell people you’ve been visiting? I could give you the proper permissions and you wouldn’t have to knock out and erase the memories of so many of my guards.” “I just… I rather…” she stammered, “I rather people not know.” The generals eyes widened. “I guess I understand why you wouldn’t openly talk about that with his mother.” Rey flushed as she began to clarify, “No! Not because of that, we’re not… it’s not like that!” Her face was beating red. “It’s different, I promise.” “But still intimate enough that you don’t want your meetings on record?” Rey chose not to respond any further. Leia had clearly become aware of the situation and there was no use denying it. Rey felt a comforting hand on her shoulder as the woman passed her. Her heart pounded and once her composure was gained and she began her dash towards the on base apartments. Exhausted from the sleepless night. Meanwhile, the lights flickered on in Ben’s prison cell, he groaned at the sharp sensation as he heard access codes being punched into the outside walls. “Goodmorning, Ben,” the familiar voice of his mother chimed in. He was drained and not completely sure if he could put up the proper front to talk to her right now. He groaned in response. “Just like waking you up when you were a boy, some things don’t change,” she sighed as her child finally turned to her, opening his eyes, glaring at the two guards that framed her. “Now, if you two would excuse me, I would like a moment alone with my son.” “Ma’am, we insist that we stay, protocol requires-,” began the man with a blaster to her left. “And I insist that you leave,” he tone became for more harsh. The two guards straightened with a nod and walked out of the cell. She waited for the cell to close and her gaze focused on her son. “I saw Rey on my way in this morning. She said roaming the prison cells was part of her 'morning routine'.” Leia started, tapping her foot as her son deadpanned starred at her. He looked more exhausted than usual, ill even. “Don’t patronize me, mother.” “Then would you like to tell me why she insists on coming here off record. You are allowed approved visitors during daylight hours.” “Certainly you can imagine why she doesn’t want her friends and colleagues knowing.” He flipped away dramatically and Leia rolled her eyes at the boy in front of her. She supposed he was right, though, and didn't pry further. There were far more pressing matters to discuss. “The Resistance council is discussing the details of sending you to trial.” “Took them long enough.” He clearly had no interesting in discussing this any further. “Ben, we need to talk about these things, the Republic doesn’t know we have you in custody yet. Your prior name is the only one that they know.” “What a selfless act to save yourself.” He would regret saying that but did not have the energy. Leia forgave that. “We’re trying our best to keep it that way, but if your case goes to the Republic… we won’t be able to keep that hidden. The truth of our family's history will threaten them. It won’t be good.” “…” “Ben!” “Mother, are you really surprised that my impending death sentence doesn’t appeal to me?” “We are going to make sure that doesn’t happen, your uncle and I…” “Oh good, my family, also of the Vader lineage, at my defense, surely that will sway judgment! We all know how much the Republic loved you when they first found out about your father!” “Perhaps Rey…” “Do not bring her into this,” he growled, full well knowing Rey, and perhaps her friends, standing by him in court would be his only chance of avoiding capital punishment. She huffed and slapped a hand to her forehead, dragging it down the expanse of her face. She tried starting twenty different sentences but abandoned them at the first word. “We’ll talk later.” Leia resigned, and with that, she was gone. Ben flipped onto his back as the lights flickered back off. The usual hours passed, portions were served, and he did everything within his power to not think of this dreaded upcoming trial. The new dent in the wall and his bloodied knuckles were proof that it wasn’t working. He didn’t have much value for his own life any longer, but he worried for Rey. Unaware if she knew what his death would to do her, in terms of a Force bond. Certainly time would heal all wounds if the Force hadn’t been involved, but this was something far out of their control. That night she was back at his cell. She’d been pacing outside of it for the last several minutes but her worry made her presence was terribly clear. When she finally came in he had been standing in anticipation a few feet in front of the open door. Her eyes were red and her firsts were clenched at her sides. “Why am I here?” she snapped at him, but it was a question directed at herself. “Why don't I visit on the record like your mother?” As usual, there was an unconscious guard propped up against the wall. “It’s understandable,” he comforted, taking a step forward as she backed herself against the door after it closed behind her. “Is it?” she breathed, looking straight into his chest, “why am I so desperate to prove I should be scared of you... knowing that would break my heart at the same time?” “I don’t know.” But he thought he was starting too. “Tell me we’ll figure this out.” To Ben, it had become clear she had just learned that his trial was coming sooner rather than later. That what they had would end, perhaps and most likely permanently. He hadn’t realized how close she had gotten, or maybe how close he'd had gotten to her. He couldn’t even look at her properly due to her proximity. She was looking down, her hands intertwined over her heart. “We will figure this out,” and she was in his arms before he could finish. He cupped a hand behind her head, holding her against her chest. Holding too tightly but she didn’t seem to mind. She pushed off his chest after a moment but left her hands there. What came next was quick, she was on her toes and her lips were on the outermost corner of his mouth, mostly his cheek at a point. But Ben took advantage of his hand still placed in her hair and when she parted and he turned her back so their lips fully met. He wasn't letting that chance go and they melted into each other. The Force never flourishing more than in that moment. It had become absolutely binding and radiant and nothing would ever compare to it. She smiled against him with the slightest of hums and he decided there was no better sensation in the world. When she parted from that first kiss, she was frozen on her toes. Foreheads pressed together ignorant bliss. Then with a hitched breath she pushed off him in panic and jumped back. She still didn’t know all of her answers yet, and she probably never would, but she did know she wasn’t ready to give up on him. Not to the Republic. Not to the Resistance. Not to anyone. So when she left that night with a hole in her ever growing heart, it throbbed. It throbbed so badly she was sure that hole was literal. The morning light was still hours away by the time she landed onto her pillow. Dreading and longing for the days to come. Her eyes closed but the images didn’t stop. Her nightmare was only beginning. It couldn’t have been more than a few seconds before she was able to open her eyes and see reality clearly again. Her metal box which she called home. If it weren’t for the nicer amenities it would have resembled a prison in itself. She curled up in her blankets again, thinking to herself that it was all a nightmare, but knowing it was a lie. He would die if he stayed here. She flew out of her bed and opened every drawer she had. She threw every necessity she could into her canvas bag, and the rest into a leather backpack. She swung them both over her shoulders as her mind ran wild. Her body was moving on it’s own at this point and she gazed out her window to the look out towers that lined the landing bay. 'Looks like more men would be sleeping on the job tonight'. Ben had dozed off when his door hissed open again, he jumped up so quickly that he nearly fell off of his cot. He clenched his beating chest from the scare and glared at the woman in the doorway, blinking a few times until he recognized the shape. “Hello,” he said, confusion in is tone. “Ben, they’ve settled on your trial, they are taking you to the Republic.” Rey yelped, dashing to his side, yanking him up from the bed. “They decided at this hour?” “Well, no, but I know,” she stammered in her nervousness, “we just need to leave before that happens!” “Leave the base?” he cocked his head, his low voice pitched up in surprise. “Just… please… everything is set, just come with me!” she grabbed at his arm, pulling him towards the cell door. “Do you know how much worse it will be if I leave? There will be no chance for me if we get caught!” He pulled away from her, but he let his hand graze hers on the way down. “Then we won’t get caught!” she snapped, scaring herself in her frantic appeal. “Do… do you…why do you care what happens?” He said point blank, unable to dodge those questions any further. “I… I don’t know.” Her voice was shaking as she took a small step towards him. Unsure of reaching out or not. “Do you really not know… or are you just afraid of the answer?” Because the truth was he knew what her answer was. He’d known for some time, even if she insisted on pretending she didn’t. He’d understand now more than ever just how much better they knew the other than themselves. “Ben, we need to leave!” she pleaded once more, “Please!” “Rey.” A chill ran down her spine at the sound of her own name from his lips. “I’m terrified, alright? That’s why we need to leave.” “You don’t think I’m scared too? That fear won’t just go away. If we run we will always live in fear.” “I rather live in fear than live without you!” she jabbed him with an accusing finger. He quieted as he waited for his answer. “I care for you,” she murmured. “but it’s different than that, more than that, I can't figure those words, but if that’s what you want to hear, you can have it.” Her eyes glistened with tears from her urgency. “They won’t give you a fair trial, they will have their minds made up the second you walk in!” “There is a chance that could change! But that won’t happen if I run. If we both run!” “Ben, I’ve seen it,” she admitted, pulling at him again, but ending up just pulling herself into his chest. “They’ll kill you,” He had accepted the possibility, even knew it was probable. “I want my life to have you in it.” She nuzzled into the beaten cloth of his prison attire. Longing to see a day where he could wear something else in her presence. “I’m not ready to know that won’t happen.” He paused. His arms wrapped around her and his hand weaved itself back into her hair. “Either am I,” he muttered into her hairline, then pressing a soft kiss into it. “Please,” she begged one last time, and Ben softly pushed her away. He looked around her then back into her eyes. “If this is what you really want, lead the way.” She grabbed his hand and ran, and he stumbled as he started alongside her. As usual, guards were left unconscious outside of the door, but he didn’t know how far she'd gone to go unseen on this visit. They passed the line of cells before another door hissed and let them into an open foyer, pitch dark and abandoned in the night shift. She stopped for a brief moment and she stroked her thumb against his bruised knuckles as she sensed for the best pathway to go. With a slight hesitation she picked up her pace again and dragged Ben behind her. Out the left entryway and across the expanse of the military base, completely out in the open. Ben knew that there must have been guards on duty waiting to blast him down, he gazed up at the watch posts to see they had all somehow been abandoned. Or perhaps they were just asleep on the floor of their post. “What did you do?” He snapped at her as she turned them both sharply towards the base’s hangers. “They are all fine!” she retorted with a bite. Soon the Falcon was in view. Rey pushed Ben in front of her and told him to keep running, to make sure he made it onto the ship. “Listen for me. Leave if you have too,” she said as he failed to listen to instructions, stopping in his path. “Please, just go! I’ll find you!” “What are you doing?” he nearly screamed at her, but she had turned away looking for something to come. “Please Ben, just make it to the ship, listen for me.” She was much calmer suddenly but stepped towards him to push him forward once more. This time he listened and he headed off to the ship. Rey stilled in her place. “Rey,” a small voice sighed and Rey turned to face it. “Leia.” The woman in her disheveled state walked towards her. Her hair was down and she was in long cotton sleepwear. She wasn’t panicked when she approached the younger woman, perhaps just a bit disheartened. “What are you doing?” she sighed, looking around the girl to see if her son was still in sight. He was not. “I don’t know,” she admitted, “but you know as well as I do they will kill him if he stays!” Leia didn’t deny this. She just looked up at the girl with sadness. Saddened that this happened to her. That this girl was before her under these circumstances. “Bad dreams too then,” she said, with a slight frown, putting a hand on her shoulder. "Well, then you better get him out of here then." “What?” Leia reached into her pocket and pulled out some keys, and a small holopad. “Funnily enough, if you had waited five minutes, I would have been right beside you.” She activated the holopad for a brief moment as an array of access codes flickered on the screen. “Of course, I could have done it without incapacitating so many of my men.” Rey smiled and nearly leaped into the woman’s arms. “Thank you.” “We’ll figure this out, we just need time,” she comforted as they parted ways, “and that won’t happen if you stick around here.” As Rey began to run off, she turned back. “What about you?” “I’ll cover.” She smiled. Rey nodded and dashed towards the ships. Leia smirked. Though she was guilt-ridden for all this girl through had been through on their behalf, she was so thankful that by some miracle they had found her. — “Hello students and future pilots for our Republic!” A striking young Togruta woman in a Republic uniform welcomed. Banners of Coruscant framing her upon the auditorium stage. The hall was one of architectural beauty built from the age of the empire, since refurbished of any decor that would represent that. “For the next three weeks you will be immersed in galactic flight. From exploration to battle to its more recreational purposes, we will make sure all of you young pilots leave this camp knowing what calls for you!” The young children that filled the hall all listened with great intent, hanging off every word as this was most of their first experience with independence. But there were two children, placed at either side of the auditorium, who were beaming more brightly than everyone combined. Notes: http://inexorably-drawn-to-you.tumblr.com/ Chapter 5 : The Meeting Summary: So... it happens. The plot. The plot is actually moving forward guys. After 20k we are at the actual beginning of the movie -___- Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) “You don’t need to follow me everywhere , Threepio!” Kylin protested as the protocol droid sauntered mechanically behind her. The camp orientation had let out and h e had been trying his best to keep up as she was desperately trying to lose him. “I’m ever so sorry, princess!” he presented, “but your father has insisted that I don’t let you out of my sight during your time away!” “The other kids are going to think I’m weird,” she groaned, already seeing that some of the children had begun finding friends while she was left being babysat by a machine. “They probably already think I’m weird!” “Master Ben has insis-“ he began to repeat himself once more. “I know, I know,” she sighed as they reached their first destination. Outside the auditorium building, a large wall of bulletin boards had been lined up, and the fellow students had begun to surround them. Kylin tried her best to blend herself into the oncoming crowd, and somehow ‘misplace’ the droid in the process, but he frantically made sure to never be more than a few steps behind her, even as the other children surrounded them. “Oh my goodness,” he muttered nervously as a small boy shoved passed him, far to eager for common courtesy. After coming much too close for comfort with a dozen or so other campers, Kylin was finally able to spot her name on the long scrolls that had been pinned to the boards. “Kylin Organa” she whispered under her breath, “Aurek Dorm, Bunk 3” “Organa?” Kylin felt her heart stop as she felt a pair of eyes from a girl to her side land upon her. She gazed over for a brief second then immediately back ahead, not sure how to recognize the fact that she had been acknowledged. “Organa. Like as in Leia Organa?” the voice said again, clearly not picking up on her discomfort. “Um, she’s my grandmother, yes.” Kylin gained enough composure to say, peaking back in the other girl's direction. She was dark haired, like her, perhaps a little lighter, with slightly tanner skin. “No way!” She jumped, a huge grin shining on her face, “My great uncle has told me all about her! He fought in the Imperial War with her!” Kylin raised an eyebrow, to be honest, she wasn’t too familiar with her grandmother’s actions in the Imperial War. The woman didn’t like making herself seem like a war hero. Her father and her grandmother alike had been pretty withheld when it came to wartime stories, but this girl beside her seemed to be well versed. “My name is Chip, well, everyone calls me that, Chip Antilles!” She held out a hand and Kylin hesitated before taking it in a polite handshake. She felt herself smile at the connection before the oncoming mass of campers came forward, separating the two. “Meet me outside the mob!” Chip called out and the two made their way out of the crowd, where Kylin was greeted by a relieved droid before relocating Chip. “I almost didn’t see you for a second, princess, your father would have been most displeased!” “Threepio, shush!” She glanced to see her new acquaintance running towards her. “Uh, pretend you aren’t here, turn around or something!” Kylin tried pushing the metal droid but he didn’t budge. “Alas, that wouldn’t be fitting, my optical ports are installed to the front of my body!” Threepio gestured to himself. “Oh cool! A Protocol droid!” Chip proclaimed as she approached the pair. “Is it yours?” She cocked her head while examining the droid in front of her. “Not at all.” Kylin quickly shut the idea down. It wasn’t technically a lie, Threepio had belonged to her Grandmother. “I actually have quite the list of people I have served!” The robot started, and Kylin coughed as a signal to not ramble on. “But I have been with the Organa family for quite some time.” “No way.” Chip's jaw practically hit the floor, “Are you Protocol Droid C-3P0, as in the same protocol droid that brought the original Death Star plans to the rebellion with Astromech model R2-D2?” Kylin looked over in shock. if Threepio could show expression Kylin was sure he would be looking so smugly down at her right now. Even Threepio was famous? “ Ah yes, my marvelous counterpart and I have been on many adventures. Most of which have been cleared from our memory logs, so I’ve been told.” Chip laughed at this, and Kylin tried to force herself to chuckle along. She’d heard countless stories from Threepio but hadn’t really processed that any of his tales had made him a recognizable figure. “My Great Uncle served in the war against the Empire too, his name is Wedge Antilles, he's told me all about the rebellion, I can’t believe I’m meeting a living, well artificially living, legends on the first day here!” Though Kylin was unfamiliar with the name, Threepio seemed to perk up at it. “Oh my! A War Hero indeed!” “He’ll never let us forget it,” Chip rolled her eyes with a smirk, turning back to Kylin who fidgeted nervously at her lack of knowledge of any of these events. Of course, as if the girl beside her was able to point out Kylin’s insecurity, Chip adds, “you must have the best stories.” With a lump in her throat, Kylin just nodded. “Which dorm are you in-?” The girl tilted her head with the question and her hair bounced with it, “You said your name was Kylin, right?” “Aurek dorm.” She responded after a quick cough. “Me too! That’s great!” Chip took Kylin by the arm and began to whisk her away alongside the other campers who were beginning to trek their way towards the dormitories on the opposite side of the campus. “It’s good to meet someone early on! Buddies?” “Um, yeah!” Kylin assured, with the slightest of grins as metal footsteps tried their best to keep up from behind her. — “Found it!” Kira exclaimed as she finally reached her assigned building. A single level stone dorm stood before her, as other unsure looking student began to file in. Orientation had been a tiresome ordeal, filled with motivational speeches about discovering yourself and learning which path is right for you. All Kira wanted to do was fly, and she didn’t need a lineup of people telling her to follow her dreams to know that. She just wanted to get started as soon as possible. “Is this Cresh dorm?” another girl shyly stood beside her, voice soft. She was Pantoran, Kira assumed, by her blue skin and lavender hair. She’d only seen someone from Pantora once on base, but she couldn’t help but envy their appearance. “Yup! Are you in this dorm too?” Kira beamed brightly and the girl looked almost surprised at the confident gesture. “Yes, my name is Teth” She bowed slightly, and her eloquent speech patterns made Kira smile even wider. “I’m Kira.” Making friends was luckily one of Kira’s strong suits, at least, she’d never come across someone who wasn’t interested in becoming friends, aside from maybe Tag. She rarely was nervous meeting new people her age and couldn’t wait to meet every single person at this camp. The girls and boys had been separated in four different dorms. The girls in Aurek and Cresh, the boys in Besh and Dorn. The dorm itself was very militaristic in set up, it reminded her of the base in some ways. Hard concrete floors with a line of ten bunks on the right and left sides of the room. The only difference was that these rooms were lined with windows that let in beautiful streams of light, where most on rooms back on base were dark and clammy. The students of the Academy also lived in these buildings while classes were in session, but had gone elsewhere for the summer months. She envied those students and couldn’t wait to be old enough to attend an academy herself. If she were lucky enough to get accepted into the Coruscant program it would be an absolute dream to be so close to her Uncle Finn and Sam. Transport droids zoomed passed her and the other girls as they delivered their luggage to each assigned bunk. Kira examined each bedside carefully to find her own. “Teth! I found your bed!” Kira called out upon seeing the assignment card. Teth had been doing the same thing on the opposite side of the room. “Thank you, Kira” She responded peacefully as she set a small bag of belongings on the bunk. “I think I might want to look around the campus before activities get started, would you like to join me?” “I’ll come find you in a bit!” Kira replied, still looking for her assigned spot, two down from Teth she found it, “I want to unpack some!” “I will see you soon,” and the Pantoran gracefully exited. Kira didn’t have much with her, she didn’t have too much to begin with. The articles she brought had already been delivered to her bunk. She sat next to them and began to shuffle through the items as more girls came in to locate their spots. She immediately pulled out a pillow and a small blanket, and a piece of paper fell out alongside it. She observed it curiously before picking it up off of the bunk. An envelope. It was addressed to her in her mother’s writing and she slid a finger under the crease of the paper to open it. To my beautiful daughter, Words cannot begin to describe how much I will miss you while you are gone. Have fun, be safe, and make new friends. I already cannot wait for you to return so you can tell me of’ all the adventures you had while you were away. Perhaps, if you would like, I will tell you some of our old adventures. Uncle Finn’s, Poe’s, my own, and your father's. I hope you know that your father would be so proud of you, and we both love you so much. One day he will be with us to tell you himself. I promise. You are so brave, smart, and strong, and I know, somehow, he knows it. She smiled. Something had changed within her mother since her birthday, a gate within her had opened and maybe for one of the first times in a long time her mother wasn’t lying about being happy. “Hey, Kira! They are doing flight simulations outside!” She perked up and put the letter down, glancing at it one last time. Finally, this was the time to show her stuff. Growing up on a military base she was surrounded by flight simulators. The kids weren’t supposed to go near them, as they were meant for legitimate training, but Uncle Poe considered that a rule meant to be broken. “I’m right behind you, Teth!” She called towards the girl who had already begun her dash. There had been a few people spectating the simulations already, and the match had just ended when Kira came to a stop. A human boy from Besh dorm slid out of the pod with disappointment, while a young Twi’Lek girl popped out in a cheery victory. “Do you have any challengers?” The same Togruta woman who had given orientation was standing between the competing pods, holding a holopad while addressing the children before her. Kira shot up her hand before anyone even had the chance to put their name in, and the counselor waved her up to the now empty pod. She tossed Kira a rebellion style helmet and she plopped it onto her head with pride before hopping into the simulator herself. The Twi’Lek victor returned to her same Pod and the simulator doors hissed behind them. These simulators were advanced. Far newer than the ones back home, but the fake cockpit that surrounded her still had everything in place. Through the internal speakers, the counselor’s voice rang through, “We’re just doing basic N1 Starfighters today. Naboo track.” Perfect Not that Kira had ever been to Naboo, but those courses were also preloaded onto the simulators back home. She knew Naboo like the back of her hand at this point. The track loaded and Kira readied herself, s hifting her chair ever so slightly so she had the perfect angle. An almost wicked grin spread across her face as the countdown began. 3…2…1 — “How much stuff did you pack?” Chip examined as a droid finally finished delivering the luggage to Kylin's assigned bed. Threepio clamored politely with the droid who had obviously been worn from the deliveries. “Ugh, it wasn’t me, It’s my dad.” Kylin sighed, slapping her face with embarrassment. “I don’t even own that much stuff, let alone need it for a three-week trip!” “He… worries a lot. The only way he’d even let me leave Birren was if I brought Threepio with me.” The two girls looked back at the golden droid who waved at being mentioned. “You are from Birren?” Chip inquired, still gawking at the pile of luggage. “In a way, my dad and I had traveled a bit before settling on Birren, but I don’t remember it much. My dad’s… in the government,” she said, figuring it was best to avoid the subject of royalty. “What about your mom?” The girl asked innocently, before realizing that if Kylin hadn’t mentioned her yet, perhaps there was a reason. “I’m sorry!” she blurted. “Oh no!” Kylin protested the apology, in fact, she was used to the question. She had often been pestered with it by nosy politicians, hoping that the child may slip up on juicy gossip, but she just had the same rehearsed answer, “we had to leave her behind when I was very young, she’s still alive, but we’re going to find her one day. My father and I.” “I’m sorry,” Chip repeated, “I shouldn’t have asked.” “Don’t worry about it, I promise!” Kylin replied earnestly, “I don’t mind at all, a lot of people ask!” Chip relaxed a bit and wandered over to her own bunk, which was on the opposite wall from Kylin’s. She had two pieces of luggage compared to Kylin’s six, and she started unpacking. Throwing clothes into the storage bins underneath the bed. Kylin began to do the same, taking out some of her more casual outfits and putting them away. She pulled out a small jewelry box she had packed on her own and unclasped the lock, pulling out the locket inside. She tossed it over her head and with a ‘click’ opened the accessory, looking at the image it held, trying to figure the emotions that filled her when she looked at it. She clasped the locket shut and let it fall on her chest and she continued unpacking. After taking out the essentials: pillows, blankets, undergarments, and a week or so of outfits… Kylin still had four bags to go. Chip had finished long ago and was sitting on Kylin’s bed helping her pick which outfits to have on hand. But now she just laughed at the full compartments and her flustered new friend. “I’m going to kill my dad for this.” she frowned, attempting to shove in the storage unit with all her might. “He sounds funny.” Chip chimed in. “He is certainly not,” Kylin assured. A girl from the same dorm came in from outside and stood in the doorway, “They are doing simulations outside! One girl from Cresh dorm has been undefeated for the last half hour!” “Let’s go check it out, Kylin!” “Yes Princess, I do say, what a marvelous event to go and witness, let us go!” Threepio exclaimed, still diligently alert by Kylin’s bedside. She flinched at the title he called her, but it seemed to go unnoticed. She glared up at the droid, and then back to her overwhelming amount of luggage and smirked. “Actually Threepio, I have four bags of luggage left, and no place to put it, could you help me and find a place to store them?” “Why Princess, I will find a transport droid, I’m afraid my mobility does not make me the ideal candidate for this task.” “But Threepio! These are very sentimental items from my father,” Kylin gave her best sympathetic eyes and Chip snickered as she caught onto this trick, “I would be devastated if anything happened to them, I can assure you my father would be too, and you are the only droid I trust with the job.” “I… I suppose” “Thank you!” Kylin jumped up and grabbed the first suitcase from the floor. She shoved it in Threepio’s arms who could barely maneuver to hold it properly. Kylin began to push the droid forward out the dorm doors and he stumbled a bit as the terrain changed to outdoors. “Maybe check the main academy campus! I’m sure someone could help!” The droid waddled forward and Kylin waved goodbye before turning back to Chip. “Let’s go!” With a wild dash, the two girls joined the small crowd of campers around the simulator stations that had been set up outside the auditorium building. A human boy had just crawled out of his pod after a defeat and the Torgruta counselor gave an impressed laugh as she marked something down in her holopad. “Nice work, dear!” The woman encouraged to the racer inside the other simulator. “A new camp record for the course! Really impressive! You are almost at Academy student times!” She turned to address the other spectating kids, “Now who wants to face our undefeated champ!?” Most everyone shied away from the challenge, obviously seeing that they had no chance of winning. They shuffled nervously and looked away, afraid that they may be picked if she didn’t find a volunteer. “I’d like a go,” Kylin finally piped in just as the counselor seemed to give up on finding a new opponent for the current victor, looking down at the chart. “Oh yeah?” The woman said with a smile, but not looking up from the holopad, “looks like we have another challenger!” Chip gave Kylin an encouraging shove and she ran to the front of the small audience that the trial had gained. She grabbed a helmet off of the shelving unit from behind the simulators and slid into the faux cockpit. She’d felt something in that moment that she had never felt before, and it brought a huge smile to her face. Her fingers brushed alongside the switches and buttons before grasping upon the wheel. The instructor's voice echoed in the simulator chambers as her screen came to life before her. “Alright girls, just a basic N1 Starfighter track, get ready!” She gripped her wheel as the simulation countdown loaded before her. The signal to go flashed up on her screen and in an instant her opponent was already two steps ahead, zooming off in front of her onto the expanse of the track. She flipped a few switches herself, and she dashed forward slightly but not nearly to the degree she should. Her lack of experience with flight (or simulators) was clear, but she knew enough that she shouldn’t be this far behind. This other girl must have grown up on these things. They both rounded a corner and in that flash her opponent disappeared from the track, seeming to be so far ahead at this point she was out of view. She knew what she was about to do was wrong, but it was all a game, and clearly this girl had an advantage of some sort, but she didn’t know that Kylin had her own advantage too. Making sure she was on a straight path, she closed her eyes and let a part of her conscious self drift to the pod next to her. She reached into the girl's mind with ease, far more ease than she was used too. Perhaps her force abilities were growing stronger. She could sense the girl's movements and plans as if they were their own and suddenly her opponent was back into view when Kylin reopened her eyes. She focused more and more intently on the imagery of the girl she was racing, what she had known that Kylin hadn’t, and soon enough the race was a dead heat. Then her opponent had faltered, had gotten nervous, was too confident and when her lead had been threatened she faltered and rammed into a rock wall taking a turn too tightly. Kylin swerved in the opposite direction, and while the two were still neck in neck during those final seconds, the word “Victory” flashed across her screen. She had done it. She giggled with a small victorious dance in her pod with a sigh of relief. A great pride had filled her when she had excelled in those final moments. Kylin jumped out of the simulator and was greeted with polite applause for her victory. The girl she had faced was not so eager to leave her pod but slid out reluctantly, and her disappointment carried through her posture. “Nice race!” Kylin said, boasting a bit, “I’m almost surprised that I won! It was close!” With one hand she went to remove the helmet covering her face, and she held out the other for a sportsmanlike handshake. The other girl removed her own helmet and in that moment all the light applause and chatter had stopped. For the face that looked back at the other was not one of a competitor, it was their own. Notes: Thank you so much for all the wonderful comments on this story, you really all make my day! Spread the positivity :D inexorably-drawn-to-you.tumblr.com Chapter 6 : The Troublesome Duo Notes: They take after their parents. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) “Whoa,” was the first breathy response that was heard after their helmets were shed. A loud metal clang followed as those helmet fell from their hands and slammed to the ground in their shocked state. “I…I can’t believe it.” Kylin mumbled, words almost intended only for her ears, but they echoed in the other girl's. The equally stunned Kira shook her head, and the expression of awe was wiped from her face. “Can’t believe what?” She pouted with flared nostrils in her current case of defeat, pretending her hardest to not recognize what her opponent was pointing out. “Certainly you must see it!” “See what ?” She shrugged for a moment before really looking again. The two girls instinctively brought their hands to their faces, and a familiar feeling washed over them. Then suddenly they became very aware that they were surrounded by a small crowd of people observing them. “You have to realize that… we look… exactly alike.” Kylin gazed on, wide eyed. Of course the girl Kira was looking at had slightly longer hair, but aside from that it was like looking in a mirror. The other girl must have thought the same thing looking back, albeit it would have been a slightly dirty mirror as Kira’s clothes were a bit more scuffed, worn, and ill fitting than hers. “I wouldn’t say that, your ears are much bigger than mine. But don’t worry, you should grow into them.” Kira crossed her arms in front of her as a couple of campers snickered in the crowd. Kylin blushed and slammed her hands against her ears, and Kira found herself flinching at her own words. She subconsciously brought her own hands to her face, making sure her hair had covered her own features. “Girls!” The counselor that had been running the simulation stepped between the two, her Lekku flipping as she turned her head curiously from one side to the other, acknowledging the absurdity of this situation. “This is… rather intriguing.” “I still don’t see it,” Kira lied, g rowing more and more bitter about her defeat than anything else. “She must have cheated, counselor Lu’Tek! I just know she did! You saw that match!” “That is not very nice to accuse, Kira, it is very possible that Miss…” she turned to the other raven haired child, “I’m sorry, I haven’t learned your name quite yet.” “Kylin. Kylin Organa,” s he snarled, but not so much at the counselor, but at the sore loser that was shooting daggers with her eyes across from her. “Oh, of course!” Lu’Tek had known an Organa registered for this upcoming camp session, and immediately changed her tone in her presence. “I’m sure Miss Organa here did no cheating of any kind. I am sure, given her family, she has just as much simulator experience as you, Kira.” Kylin fidgeted nervously. Though what she had done wasn’t technically cheating in her mind, she was sure if people knew the truth they would consider it as such. And somehow, not for the first time since she’d arrived on Coruscant, her family’s war time reputation had served to her benefit, though she couldn’t draw much of a conclusion as to why. Another reminder that everyone seemed to know more about her family than she did. Kira scoffed again, but the two children couldn’t stop starring. Surely the other must have been different in some ways, but what they each had been experiencing was drastically unsettling. “Well, I guess we should find a new opponent for our new champ!” Counselour Lu’Tek announced, a bit nervously, as she was trying to distract the other campers from the tense situation before her. “New champ? But she cheated!” Kira objected once more. “I did not, you sore loser!” Kylin bit back, taking a step forward. Lu’Tek leaped between them again, this time with her arms out. “Kira, she won fair and square, you will have plenty of time in the simulators over the course of the next couple weeks. Now you can watch some of the other campers, maybe you can learn from them!” “I-“ Kira wanted to fight, but she felt her chin quiver and her eyes sting, and the last thing she wanted to do was cry in front of all these people on the first day. She leaned to the side once more to look at the girl who was glaring with a screwed up face. With that final glance she turned around and stormed back towards the dorms. She was still filled with an overwhelming sensation to break down in tears for a reason she couldn’t explain. She was angry, but that wasn’t what would fuel these emotions. Once she made it back to her dorm, Kira flung herself onto her bunk. Though most of the other campers had gone to watch the simulations or the mess hall for dinner, a few girls still lingered. Kira didn’t let that bother her as she screamed with all her strength into her pillow. She flipped over onto her back as her breath ran out and her mind raced. She shouldn’t have lost. That girl didn’t know what she was doing. Her mind ran through the possibilities of what she had done wrong, but there was no logical way her opponent should have been able to win. But somehow, in a matter of seconds, that girl went from being a complete amateur to being able to surpass Kira’s skill. It was almost like she had gotten inside her head. Her racing mind stopped there, and her eyes flew open. That girl. She was force sensitive. There was no other explanation to it. Kira felt somewhere within herself that she was right. She’d never met anyone who’d shared that sensitivity, at least to this degree, but an overwhelming rush came over her that was unlike anything she had ever felt before. — In the few days to follow, their paths didn’t cross. When it came to classes and simulation assignments it had been organized by dorms and the two had been separated when it came to additional training. For Kira, she had lectures in the morning and simulation core after lunch. She only assumed that the Organa girl had the flipped schedule… and the same instructors, as Kira's proper name was almost never used without correction. Even through her frustration, she couldn’t help but to glance over when other campers passed though the Academy grounds. Sifting through their faces to see if a familiar one was among them. She longed to confront this girl again. She wanted to confirm her suspicions about her abilities. But in each passing crowd, Kira never saw the face of the girl who looked strikingly similar to her. But strange things were only just beginning. Since their first encounter, curious dreams flooded Kira’s mind when night came. She would be in a palace, or at least, it would be what she assumed a palace to look like. There was always an older woman walking about with a younger man standing beside her. The woman was small in height with graying hair, but had a life in her eyes that Kira found comforting. On the opposite side of things the man that was there towered over them both and had thick dark hair, like her's, that rested softly at the base of his neck. In these dreams she could never see the man’s eyes, just the scar that ran up his neck and across his face. Sometimes there would be others in these dreams. Each night would introduce a new unfamiliar face. An older man with a white beard and beige robes, and most recently there had been a tall alien creature covered in fur, a Wookiee, who couldn’t speak basic but was understood by everyone he conversed with. She woke up just in time for the morning alarms to go off. She rubbed her eyes of sleep and rolled out of her bunk, telling herself that it was the exhaustion from the days of training that caused her mind to create such vivd characters. As Kira headed towards morning lecture with Teth and a few other girls from the dorm, a rapidly approaching metal clang came up behind them. “Ah, Princess, I’ve been looking all over for you!” Kira turned around as a golden protocol droid frantically waddled towards her. Taking a quick glance at her surroundings and the baffled expressions of her peers, it was very clear the droid was coming for her, or someone who looked like her. “Oh, I’m sorry, I don’t think I know you!” Kira said, as politely as possible. “Why, have you forgotten me already? Parted for mere days and your memories of me have faded?” He was dramatic. “I’m afraid the academy organizers had to put me through some required security screenings after they found me trying to find appropriate storage for your luggage. Apparantly I had wandered onto off limits grounds and they thought of me as a potential spy droid! How exciting!” “I think you are looking for someone else, I’m not who you think I am.” G roaning at the realization that this was yet another person who had mistaken her for that fraud. The droid twisted his head, and computed something. He didn’t seem to believe her. “You are looking for Kylin, right?” “Correct.” “Not me.” “My lady, I know you don’t find my presence particularly suitable, but I am only doing my duty as instructed by your father, and I must say, I have been doing the most disappointing job thus far and wish to rectify that.” Kira sighed and pulled the hair from her face. Thinking quickly she changed her character and said in a slightly adjusted voice, “you are quite right, I am acting rather spoiled, if you can just do me a favor and go tell everyone I’m so sorry for what a spoiled cheater I am… that would be so greatly appreciated!” The girls behind her snickered. “Well, I-“ The droid started. “Excuse me, um, Goldie, I must head out to my next round of simulation training.” With two fingers she saluted the humanoid robot and ran off. — Later that evening, after classes had ended, Kira had been lying in bed reading her mother’s letter once again. Continuing to take moments to smile in the new life behind her mother’s writing that she had long since missed. She looked up from the note as light footsteps approached her bedside. “Good evening, Kira!” Teth said cheerfully, in her same silken tone. “Hey, Teth” “I have been told they are playing Dejarik over in Aurek dorm. Would you like to go and watch?” The lavender haired girl reported as she looked down upon her. “… Aurek dorm?” Kira’s interests had suddenly been peaked. She sat up quickly and shoved the note inside of her pillowcase. “Yes! One of the girls brought a portable holo-device with them! It has become a friendly competition between the dorms!” “Sounds perfect. I would love some friendly competition.” Kira grinned as she hopped up from her bed. She took the Pantoran’s arm eagerly and dragged her from the room. — Growing up with a competitive Wookie for an uncle made Dejarik quite easy for Kylin. Reading minds was just another tactical advantage. She had just won her fifth game when the Aurek dorm door blew open with a loud clash . Her attention was grabbed by the noise and she looked up to see a familiar silhouette standing in the doorway. “Just in time,” Kylin leered at the girl who was followed by her dorm mates as they sauntered towards the game setup, “I was looking forward to beating you again.” “Well, I’m sorry to disappoint you, but that won’t be happening.” The girls that surrounded the game parted to make room for Kira and she took her place by the opposite side of the board. The room filled with excited whispers. “How about a wager, Organa? I mean, if you are so sure you are going to win,” Kira nudged, maybe a bit too sweetly for her to not have darker intentions. “What were you thinking?” Kylin returned the coy smile. Dropping a small jingling bag on the table, Kira opened it to reveal a decent amount of credits. “Credits? I could always use a few more, I mean, if you are offering.” Kylin said with a laugh, starting to stand to retrieve her own emergency stash. She frowned abruptly . “Oh wait, I don't have my credits with me. My protocol droid has them, and he’s recharging on the main campus!” A couple girls in the room laughed at the mention of her droid, but Kylin easily ignored it. “Don’t worry, a rich girl like you has to have something else, right?” Kira leaned in and observed her rivals wardrobe. “That necklace you are wearing, bet that!” She urged, pointing to the charm around her neck. “I… I can’t do that,” Kylin stammered, touching the locket that lay across her heart. “Let’s just play, I don’t want to take your credits anyway, you look like you could use them.” She gestured to Kira’s outfit and the girl slammed her fist on the board. “Well, if you are so sure you are going to win, you have nothing to lose!” Kira pushed once more. She thought for a moment. In a strategy came like this, it was impossible for her to lose. Taking a deep breath to build her confidence she held out her hand and Kira took it to seal the deal as the game flickered to life. The first moves were standard, no need to pry more than she needed too. The characters sauntered around the board to be positioned for battle and when the first blow was about to take place, Kylin slipped into her opponents head. She’s going left. Kylin saw the image clearly projected in Kira’s thoughts. She readied her counter move and the monsters shifted once more, but instead of the move Kylin had anticipated from Kira, the exact opposite had happened and the first of her characters were crushed. Glancing up in surprise, she noticed Kira lean back in her seat, teasingly putting her arms behind her head. Kylin grimaced and slipped back into her head. Certainly it had just been a mistake, b ut with each move that they made it was as if Kira had known Kylin was anticipating what she was doing. She tried going deeper, even though she knew the warnings of how dangerous that would be, but she was met with something she had never experienced before. Resistance. There was a barrier blocking her opponents thoughts. A wall. She pushed again and Kira hunched forward as she guided one of her characters to crush another one of Kylin’s. Nervously she made a wrong move, and two more of her creatures were squashed into a holographic oblivion. She gritted her teeth and took a breath to regain her concentration, slipping in once more but crashing into that same wall. The struggle was becoming painfully clear. Kylin’s brows furrowed, narrowing her focus. She noticed the girl across from her wince slightly behind her smug grin and Kylin retracted. The girl was fighting her, and had somehow built a wall around her thoughts. This was surely impossible from someone like her. She looked up to lock eyes with her opponent, who looked slightly more relaxed now that Kylin had pulled back. “I knew it.” Kira whispered, just loud enough for Kylin to hear. She smirked and Kylin retreated. Wide eyed and bewildered. “You… you too?” She replied, but just as she did Kira went in for the winning move. The final opposing monster on the board being crushed. The room burst into cheers and pats on the back for the victor. Kira proudly accepted the praise while Kylin just gawked at this girl. There was something about her, more than just her force sensitivity. There was something there. “You have to hold up your end of the deal, kid.” Kira held out her hand, expecting the reward. Kylin reached behind her neck and unclasped her locket. Shaking as it fell into her hand. Clutching it to her chest one more time, she dropped it in the other girls hands. Kira slid it into her pants pocket alongside her small satchel of credits. She didn’t say another word, or play another opponent, s he just walked out from the room with the crowd of girls from Cresh cheering her on. She had done what she had come to do. Humiliate her. Camp was off to a rough start. — “She just… makes me so mad!” Kylin finally released as she and Chip stepped into the mess hall. “Who does she think she is?” “You, I guess?” Chip laughed, but Kylin didn’t appreciate the joke and she scowled. “I mean, she has your hair, your face, and now your jewelry. Come on, my joke was kind of funny.” “My dad gave me that locket, he’s going to kill me for losing it.” The two grabbed their plates and made their way to the cafeteria line, sliding their trays down the metal railings. A tired looking woman behind a short protective glass was scooping portions of slop into bowls and sliding it to the campers who passed by. Kylin took hers with a slight sigh and grabbed another portioned serving from the following counter. “I like a lot of things about Coruscant, but I miss the food on Birren.” She said, grabbing a handful of utensils after stopping by the last station. “Well, not everything on Coruscant is this mush.” Chip added, following right behind. “Yeah, I know bu- Ooof!” As Kylin turned to head towards the tables she slammed into another camper who had dashed in front of her. “Hey! Watch where you are going!” “Oh, I’m sorry I…” started the girl as she turned and both of their expressions dropped, “never mind, I’m not.” “Just get out of my way, Kira,” Kylin snarled, ramming her with her shoulder as she passed. “Or what, Organa?” Kira growled back, turning to face Kylin's back as she walked away. “Or I’ll do this.” She grabbed a handful of hot cereal from her plate and slammed it against Kira’s chest, rubbing it into the fibers of her cotton tunic. “Why in this galaxy would you do that?!” Kira shouted, and the cafeteria went silent as all eyes focused on them. “Oh, well you were wearing clean clothes today and I thought you would want to match all of your other outfits.” Kylin lifted her nose proudly into the air. Chip giggled from behind. There wasn’t even a second that had passed before Kira flipped Kylin’s entire tray into her face. She squealed as heated sauces dripped down her skin and she thew the tray down to the floor . She grabbed a glop of something that was dripping down her and shoved it back in Kira’s face, and just like that a chorus of the phrase “food fight!” rang out from the hall and heaps of slop flew through the air. Hunks of food went flying in every direction, and it was just enough of a distraction for Kylin to grab more ammo. She lifted her hand in the air as a chunk of a slimy sauce covered meat came soaring towards her, and with a flick of her wrist the protein veered off it’s path and slapped Kira. “Don’t you dare think I don’t know what you did!” Kira snapped as she grabbed a bowl of soup off of the table in front of her and sloshed it against Kylin’s dress. She screamed in surprise and Kira was plummeted by diving bread rolls. The mess hall was in hysterics, half of the campers in an uproar of laughter and glee, the other half cowering in fear. Kira hopped up onto a table, finding every abandoned piece of food she could as ammunition. Kylin scrambled to catch up, and soon the two were leaping from table to table, chasing each other around the room. Kira catapulted the scraps she found and Kylin used the Force to rebound it back. Hoping everyone was still too distracted to notice. “Even in a food fight, you are a cheat!” Kira accused once more, bounding to the next table. She lifted a tray and swung all of the food from it forward, Kylin tried to dodge again but a plate of jam hit her directly in the forehead. Wiping the goop from her face she leaned down and grabbed another food filled tray from the counter. She readied herself for the throw, and launched it with all her might to get it flying full speed. Kira leapt from the table down to the floor and the food soared passed, not even grazing her. Just at that moment the counselors had run into the cafeteria upon hearing the commotion, and just at that moment where Kira dodged Kylin’s final blow, it hit three counselors, including counselor Lu’Tek, square in their faces. Kylin froze in terror. The whole room silenced as some of the campers tried to make their way to the door to avoid punishment. “You two,” Lu’Tek snapped, her focus narrowed on the troublesome duo. They shyly made their way over to the Togruta, sloshing in spilled food with every guilt ridden step. The mess covered woman towered over the raven haired children, and neither of them could move. She pointed to the door with conviction and they left the hall without any further words. — “Solitary confinement.” “What?!” The two girls shouted in unison, still covered in mess. “You two obviously have some issues to sort out. This feud between you has been, on more than one occasion, disruptive to the other students, and for what reason? You two happen to look alike? There are trillions of people in our galaxy, it was bound to happen.” In the same time, the girls crossed their arms and looked in the opposite direction. “She cheated.” Kira coughed under her breath. “She’s a sore loser.” Kylin shot back. “You will be removed from your dorms and put into more supervised housing until further notice. We will be contacting both of your parents-“ “No!” They both protested in unison, knowing if that happened they would never be allowed to leave home again. They shot a glance towards each other then back away. “Please! Don’t do that, give us one more chance!” Kylin pleaded, sheepishly looking down. Lu’Tek hesitated. “Fine. But one more step out of line and both of you are back to your home worlds, understand?” Lu’Tek frowned at the softened punishment, but she decided to think better of disappointing the Organa family. Her eye’s darted between the two girls. Whichever one was the Organa, that is. “Thank you, Miss Lu’Tek!” Kira sighed with relief, then leered at Kylin. “We promise this won’t happen again!” Kylin assured, shooting the glare right back. As two droids came to escort the girls to their new quarters the Togruta woman fell into her hands and whispered, “I’ve got a bad feeling about this.” Notes: inexorably-drawn-to-you.tumblr.com Thanks guys for reading! Sorry this chapter took so long, it was rather difficult, but now it's mostly all fun stuff from here!! But all of your comments on here and tumblr really helped push me forward! This chapter is still a little bit under construction, my apologies, but I promised I would have it out...yesterday! Don't worry, nothing plot wise will change, just maybe a sentence structure or two. Chapter 7 : The Sun over the Horizon Notes: And so this ends the camp arc. Next chapter we jump back in time for another exciting adventure of Rey and Ben actually appearing in this fic! Your support has really helped drive me! These chapters had been the hardest and I'm really looking forward to bringing the parentals back into this story. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) The first night separate from the other campers was spent in separate beds with crossed arms facing the walls opposite each other. The two girls had been put in the professors quarters of the Academy where the counselors and other instructors slept during the youth sessions. They had to be escorted to their new room by service droids and were told those droids would bring them to all further lectures and training until they could prove they could stop causing problems for the other campers. “This is your fault,” Kylin snarled under her breath after the silence between the two became unbearable. “Is not. You cheated,” Kira started before Kylin even finished. “It’s not cheating. It’s a tactical advantage.” Her father's words, not her own. They both quieted after that. Staring intently at the concrete walls before them. “You know you can use it to help yourself too, it’s not like I had an unfair edge over you,” Kylin continued in her own stubbornness. Kira didn’t respond. Kylin flipped to face the silent girl and jabbed further, “you could have done the exact same thing! It’s why people like us can excel! We could’ve challenged each other.” “Well, I can’t,” She murmured, pulling the blanket up higher. “What do you mean you can’t?" “I mean I don’t know how. I can shield my thoughts but that is it. That’s all I was taught to do. I’ve never met anyone who is Force-sensitive, so I never learned.” “Really?” Kylin lifted her head, surprised at this information. Kylin had been surrounded by people who were Force-sensitive her whole life. Her Father, her Grandmother, and her Great-Uncle were all gifted in the Force. So while she was instructed to keep her abilities hidden, she had no issues picking up small tricks from them. Her father had told her that her mother was Force-sensitive too, but when she asked why they couldn’t find her through the Force like they could sense her Grandmother and Great-Uncle, he would always change the subject. “Nope.” She grabbed her pillow out from under her head and tossed it over her face in an attempt to black out the needless conversation. “I was just asking,” Kylin growled. “It’s none of your business,” she snapped back, muffled from the pillow. “Fine.” Kylin harrumphed and flopped under her covers. She slammed her eyes shut in a desperate attempt to sleep, but it would not come. When she finally relaxed, a subtle snore began to echo throughout the room. Kylin groaned and flipped her pillow on top of her head. - “Princess! Princess!” The familiar panicked call of her droid was waiting for her after simulation training had let up. She was a bit dizzy from the day’s courses and her headache immediately worsened. Chip walked beside her and grinned at the droid. Kira had already left the room by the time Kylin had awoken that morning, she having no interest in interacting more than they already had too. Kylin had no problem with her decision. “Hello, Threepio,” she sighed, not slowing her pace, but letting the droid walk with her as Chip ran ahead. “I nearly had to report back to Birren after I couldn’t find you in the dorms! Thank goodness for Miss Antilles who informed me you had been moved to alternative rooming!” he spouted off, his body making a stiff rapid movement to accentuate his peril. “Don’t worry, Threepio!” Kylin assured. She paused for a moment and looked back at him, “Chip didn’t tell you why I had been moved, did she?” “Oh no, I assumed you were having issues with your sleep cycle. You always have been a light sleeper.” Kylin was prone to nightmares. Always had been. She’d had to call for her father more times than she would like to admit when it came to these terrors, but he’d always sit with her and send her good thoughts until she drifted off again. “Oh, yes, that was it!” Kylin lied, “It was disturbing the other campers and Miss Lu’Tek thought it would be best that I moved to private quarters for the duration of the session.” “I’m sorry to hear that, Princess, I’ll be sure to report this to your father for future accommodations.” “No!” She nearly shouted, gathering the attention of a couple campers who were passing by, she blushed then returned in a whisper, “That would just worry him, I’m fine, I promise. He’s so busy, this is the last thing I would want to worry him about.” That was partially true. While her dreams hadn’t plagued her since she’d been gone, she knew her father often fretted about her nightmares when they did. “I… I suppose,” he stammered, knowing he did have a history of panicking when it proved to be unnecessary, “Well, I suppose you better show me where your new rooming is!” She froze. It was the droids job to keep a constant eye on her. But if he discovered the truth about her not-so-solitude, surely that report would make it home to her father in an instant. “No personal droids allowed!” she sputtered. She knew that her rubbish excuse wouldn’t be acceptable. “I’m in the teacher's dormitories. I’m being plenty looked after. For security reasons they prefer if you only keep your watch on me during the day.” She deepened the hole, giving a silent prayer that it would work. What she would have given for mind tricks to work on droids. “Oh my, I’m being seen as quite a rogue droid as of late,” he almost sounded like he was boasting, “strange how cautious people are of protocol droids these days. I suppose our work has been notoriously tied with bounty hunters, smugglers, thieves, the Hutts…” “Exactly! You can never be too safe these days!” Kylin cut him off. She saw Kira from a distance, walking in tandem with a Pantoran girl. They were walking out of their lecture together and Kira looked up to make brief eye contact. Kylin jumped in front of the robot to draw his synthetic line of sight away from the pair. “Well, Threepio, it was great catching up. I’m going to head to the dorm, then grab some food which… droids don’t eat so no use following me there!” She gave a skittish laugh and looked over at the girls again who had looked to have gone their separate ways as Kira made her way towards the teacher's dorm. “Goodnight, have a nice charge!” Kylin ran off and Threepio obeyed. Turning in the opposite direction toward the Droid stations. She tried calming her panicked breath before catching up with Kira. The girl groaned when Kylin appeared beside her, but she brushed it off. “Hey, um, if you ever see my droid…” she said between pants, “Like if he ever thinks you are me, or something, just uh, don’t tell him what happened. Why we got kicked out of the student dormitories.” Kira didn’t respond at first, and Kylin thought she was just pretending not to hear her. “He already thought I was you,” she said after a second. “Did… did you tell him anything?” She grimaced. “No, this was awhile ago, when the camp was first starting. I didn’t have anything to tell him. I told him I wasn’t you, he didn’t believe me, then I pretended to be you.” She had a wicked smirk for a brief second before her stoic face returned. “Just, for futures, please ignore him! That’s what I do.” “Why do you have a protocol droid here if you aren’t going to use it anyway?” Kira said with earnest curiosity as they reached the automatic doors for their new housing. Despite their new arrangement being an attempt at punishment, the accommodations were much nicer. “Ugh, you think I wanted him here? My stupid Dad made me bring him,” she growled in response, feeling slightly bad for Threepio all the same. She turned her head towards Kira and continued, “he’s super overprotective.” “The droid or your Dad?” “Both,” she said upon the realization. Kira slid the keycard into their new door and it hissed open. “Everyone. My grandmother is just as paranoid. They don’t trust me with anything.” She collapsed onto her bed when they walked in, face first into her pillow. “What about your mum?” Kylin turned her head to face Kira who had made herself comfortable on her own bunk. “I’ll let you know,” Kylin laughed and Kira raised a brow at her strange response, “I’ve never met her. Well, I have I suppose, but it was a long time ago.” Kira’s face reddened from embarrassment, “I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have assumed.” “It’s okay, I promise. A lot of people ask about it. Most people have two parents.” Kira became quiet, and leaned up from her bed to hunch over on her knees, "I shouldn’t have assumed, though.” Kylin could tell Kira wanted to admit something the way she kept moving her mouth with no words coming out. She took a deep breath. “I don’t remember my Dad.” “Did… did he pass away?” “No, at least I don’t think so,” Kira scratched her head, “My mum almost never talks about him, she said he’s still alive, but she’s always really sad when she talks about him.” “It’s almost the opposite with me,” Kylin sprung up. Perhaps they were beginning to relate to each other. “My father is happiest when he talks about my mother, he talks about her whenever he gets the chance. He always smiles when he does.” Kira grinned at the sweetness of Kylin’s story, “that sounds really nice.” “It’s embarrassing sometimes.” She looked over at Kira’s subtle smirk. “But it’s nice, knowing one day we are going to have her back.” “I don’t know anything about my Dad.” Her expression faded a bit. “I know that he’s tall, and that’s about it,” Kira laughed at how pathetic that must have sounded and continued, “it just must be nice to know all about your mum!” Kylin nodded to herself. Though, to be honest, she never really learned that much. Her father’s comments about her mother had always been rather vague. They could have applied to anyone. She was smart, brave, beautiful, and a million other pleasing qualities, but she knew nothing about the woman herself. She didn’t know her name, where she was from, what her favorite color was, and these were the things she wanted to know. The two stewed in their own silence for awhile until Kira stood from her bed and sauntered over to Kylin. “Are you hungry?” The girl asked, “Want to go get some food? I heard they were serving Banja Cake, it's-” "-My favorite!" The girls finished in unison. Kylin hopped onto the floor and the two stared for a moment, still not quite used to the sight of the other. But instead of their usual glares, they exchanged toothy smiles, peppered with light chuckles. — The girls’ paths didn’t cross during the day. For the most part, they never had aside from the occasional sighting from the distance. Kira tapped her pen tirelessly during lecture as the minutes passed by. Usually, she took great interest in learning about all aspects of flight, but something was distracting her today. Something she wasn’t quite even aware of. The instructor's words blurred together until it was nothing more than a low incomprehensible mumble. She needed to focus. She audibly groaned at her own inattentiveness and Teth looked over. “Are you alright?” she asked in a soft whisper. Kira nodded and continued to tap her pen. Her head pounded. She dropped her pen and brought her hands to her temples and slammed her eyes shut. It was loud and her ears thrummed. The bell rang as an answered prayer and Kira fled from the classroom without saying anything. She stumbled clumsily out onto the campus as she leaned against everything she passed to help hold her up. Wanting to avoid unwanted attention, she tried her best to stay ahead of the other campers who were being let out of their sessions, but she could hear concerned whispers from behind as she nearly tripped over herself more than once. When at last she reached the professor's dormitories things quieted, everything still felt raw but at the very least she could stand. She wobbled down the hall and slid in her keycard to a thankfully empty room as Kylin hadn’t returned. Kira just wanted to collapse. She made her way over to her bed and landed face first into her pillow, her nose hitting something sharp. Burying her hand into the pillowcase to find whatever object was hitting her she pulled out Kylin’s locket, the one she had won playing Dejarik. She fiddled with it for a bit, admiring it, particularly entranced by the strange design on the front. Kira heard a noise from the hallway and she shoved the locket back in her pillow. Kylin appeared in the doorway, not looking much better than Kira. She was suffering a similar affliction. Simulation training had been a bit of a nuisance as they were now on more difficult courses. Kylin strolled over to her own bed and collapsed on it, nursing her headache by massaging her neck. “Simulations are getting tougher,” she murmured, unsure she was going to get a response. “Eh, they're not that bad if you actually know what you are doing.” Kylin looked over at the veiled insult but saw Kira laughing, not coming from a place of malice. “Shut up,” she laughed back. “I’ll admit it, I shouldn’t have cheated that first day, now they all think I’m really good at this stuff. I can’t keep up.” Kira perked up at these words. “So you confessed it! You cheated!” “I still don’t consider it cheating when it comes to actual practice... b ut I guess in a simulation it was kind of unfair.” She ran her fingers through her hair awkwardly. “So, I guess I’m sorry.” “Really?” Kira said sincerely, and Kylin nodded. Kira reached into her pillowcase and pulled something out. Something that was too small for Kylin to make out from across the room and Kira walked over to lightly nudge Kylin’s bed to get her to sit up. “Here,” she said, looking shyly at the floor. She held a closed fist in front of her and Kylin brought her open faced palm below it. Kira dropped what she had and it landed in Kylin’s hand with a pleasant jingle. “My… locket?” “I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have taken that from you.” Kira still looked down, slightly ashamed. “You won it fair and square… more fair than my victory,” Kylin admitted, but she was already wrapping the locket around her neck. “But, thank you.” “Can I ask… what is the symbol on the front?” Kira reached forward and poked the trinket and it bounced against Kylin’s chest. “It’s the symbol for the Jedi Order,” she attempted to sound scholarly, even though she knew no further information than that. “Oh, that seems important!” her interest was piqued as she knelt in front of Kylin’s bed, awaiting more of a story. “Oh yeah, it is,” Kylin’s voice weakened slightly, for while the Jedi Order had held its place in her family’s history, that is not why this locket was important to her. “It’s also the only photo I have of my mother,” she added, almost intended for it to go unheard. A loud throb rang in Kira’s mind. Kylin had winced at the same time, somehow sensing it too. A question troubled Kira and it bubbled over. Something within her caused a lapse in self-control and she spoke without thinking, “can I see?” Kylin’s eyes grew wide at the question, and an aura of hesitation surrounded her. There certainly shouldn’t be any issue with showing her, but the idea was strangely terrifying. She fiddled with the locket in her hands and in her fumbling the locket clicked open. She kept the image to herself briefly, admiring it for a time, seeing the similarities of not only herself and this woman but the girl in front of her. She turned the image around and Kira leaned forward. Her eyes glazed over instantly, but otherwise, she showed no expression. Her mouth folded in on itself repeatedly and she blinked a few times. Refocusing on the image as she felt her chin begin to quiver. Kylin’s hands began to shake as she continued to display the locket and Kira reached out to steady her, still without words. They were avoiding each other’s gaze like an illness, unsure what a look would reveal. It was undoubtedly her, Kira had never been so sure of something. The image, while small, left little for misinterpretation. The dark brown hair that had been pulled back tightly, a few loose tendrils that framed her face, sharp but hooded eyes that appeared to almost close when she smiled, the freckles, her nose, there was nothing to confuse. “Kylin, are you sure that's your mum?” her voice was small and soft. Kylin nodded. “...Did you think it was strange that you’ve never met your mum, and I’ve never met my father.” Kylin nodded again. The truth was, in a way, they must have known. “Your mum.” Kira pointed at the photo again, choking on her own words, tears pooling in her eyes. “That’s my mum too.” When those words left her lips the tears fell onto her cheeks. Kylin was frozen in place, still processing those words as they echoed within her. Kira leaped up and wrapped her arms around Kylin’s neck in her still petrified state, but she felt tears welling in her own eyes. Kira squeezed so tightly that Kylin coughed, finally freeing her body. “I can’t believe it,” Kira continued, even though she had never believed anything more in her life, “you’re my sister… we… we’re sisters! Real sisters!” She was somewhere between laughing and crying, still locked in their embrace. “I think…we’re… twins.” Kylin was finally about to choke out, as all the pieces came together. They pulled apart to look at each other. Really look at each other. Kylin released the locket from her grasp after she closed it, and wiped her face with her sleeve. Both of their faces blotchy from their open weeping. — If they had been distracted before, it was nothing compared to the days ahead. Every lecture and simulation session that followed dragged on until the bell released them. Both girls would rush through their meals and run off as soon as they were allowed, spending their evenings hidden away talking about everything they’ve missed from the past years. From every scrape on the knee to every birthday, no detail was too small to be uninteresting. Losing sleep rapidly as there was no time to lose, talking into the night with only the light of the moon to go by. “So, are you really a princess?” Kylin flopped dramatically on her bed to face her Kira. “I guess.” “You guess?” Kira laughed. They were both almost sure the sun was about to appear over the horizon, but each time they almost drifted asleep, another much needed to be answered question would come to mind. “We live in a really nice house, all the politicians live in the same area.” She took a moment to think, she didn’t really know what her father did when it came to politics, but he had told her he was more of a figurehead than a decision maker. “Grandmother was a princess on Alderaan, her home was destroyed but some of its people colonized Birren so her title stood and was passed down.” “I wonder if that makes me a princess too…” Kira realized with wide eyes. “I don’t see why not! You and mother could come live with us on Birren!” She suggested as if Kira could make that decision. “We could all be together again!” “What’s it like on Birren?” “I wouldn’t know, I almost never leave the grounds.” Kylin snarled, “I have a private tutor who comes when schooling is in session, and there are banquets for the politicians every other month or so… we have a nice garden which would be fun to play in if… well if anyone wanted too.” “Don’t you have friends?” Kylin pouted, “I don’t see other kids very often. Just a bunch of senators and aristocrats who want to impress my Father.” Her mind crossed Clara Sindain and she snarled to herself, “and a horrible woman who just wants Father’s title.” Kira looked concerned for a moment but Kylin clarified, “Father hates her as much as I do,” but she quickly changed the subject, “what’s it like where you live?” “Mum and I live on Lothal! There’s a military base there that we stay at…” “Sounds exciting!” Kylin beamed, figuring a military base meant there was constant action in Kira’s life. “Not really, it’s quiet, mum fixes ships that pass through on supply runs.” She shrugged, and Kylin seemed slightly less enthused. “But I have a lot of friends there! A lot of military families live on base since it’s so quiet.” “That must be nice,” Kylin sighed, looking down at her hands. While she loved the company of her Father and her grandmother when she was around, it wasn’t the same as having actual friends. It wasn't the same as this. “I have my Uncle Poe and Finn,” Kira rambled on, “and my best friend Sam! But Uncle Finn and Sam don’t live on Lothal, they travel a lot, but right now they actually live here on Coruscant!” “Mom has brothers?” Kylin exclaimed for she knew that her Father had been an only child. “Oh, well, no,” Kira said, “they are Mum’s best friends! They are like her brothers, but not actually brothers.” That concept intrigued Kylin. The concept that you can build a family around friendship. She had only ever known family to mean where you came from. “That sounds really nice!” “It is.” She said dreamily, thinking about her makeshift family back on Lothal. “Can you tell me something about her?” Kylin said, “Mom that is.” “What do you want to know?” Kira smiled, cracking her knuckles in anticipation. “… what’s her name?” “Rey.” She replied. Then upon realizing she didn’t know the other half of that question she asked, “What’s Father's?” “Ben.” They giggled together. Everything was so absurd but the most right they had ever felt. Then something crossed Kylin’s mind, “you said you didn’t know anyone who was force sensitive,” she said, suddenly confused by the conflicting information she had been told. “I don’t.” “But Mom’s force sensitive,” Kylin explained as if she had known her. “She’s not,” Kira said point blank. “Father told me she was…” confused by her father's lie she trailed off. “Who taught you how to keep people out of you head?” “Mum explained it to me, but I supposed I never had practice until I met you. Mum said she’d known people who were like me, so she knew how to explain it.” They turned to look at each other. There was still so much to learn and time was running out. “…What do we do now, Kira?” “I don’t know.” “Camps almost over, we can’t just pretend we never met! Surely we have to tell them!” “They kept it from us, though,” Kira said, a slight bitterness in her voice, “there is a reason why we didn’t know, there must be.” “But I want to see Mom, and I know you want to see Dad, and surely…” she paused, “you want us to be together too.” “I do,” Kira murmured, “but to keep such a huge thing secret, there must be a reason. I know mum wouldn’t do it if it wasn’t important!” Kylin thought. She thought of her family and their suspicious silence when certain topics arose and she felt a sudden hit of guilt, “I suppose.” “But…what if…” she paused, knowing how crazy she was about to sound, “what if when camp ends…we switch?” Kylin’s jaw could have hit the floor at the suggestion. “Like, switch places?” she gasped when she could gather enough composure, and Kira nodded violently. After the words had sunken in she started to laugh with a nervous conviction. “There is no way that would work!” “Kylin, think about it!” Kira began to pace the room, waving her hands wildly alongside her running mind, “can we really go back to the way things were before?” “I- no,” she resided, eyes darting from side to side as she watched her sister. “I don’t want things to go back. Not at all!” Even though they had only known the truth about each other for a small period of time it seemed impossible. They both wanted so many more answers to why things ended up this way. Why their parents had gone to these great lengths to keep this secret. “I just want to meet him,” Kira slowed her pace, and she held her own hand, “and grandmother, and…all of them.” She looked back at Kylin with glossy eyes. Her nose twitched. “Surely you want to know about mum, right?” A pain shot through Kylin’s heart. Of course she did. More than anything. She’d spent her life walking the line between longing for her mother and resenting her, knowing this resentment only came from the unanswered questions surrounding her absence. She wanted to know her more than anything. “I do.” “Then let’s do it!” Kira ran to her sister's side, leaning down to look her in the eye. “No one will ever know!” “Father will figure it out the moment he looks at you.” Kylin shook her head. “He’s a human lie detector.” “I can keep him out of my head! And you even said her doesn’t use the force with you.” “He can just tell, Kira!” Kylin yelped, but then she stopped. She thought of the possibilities of what this could lead too. If her father found out that they had switched maybe things could change. What was the worst that could happen if they were found out? “Please Kylin,” she pleaded, “I want to know them.” Kylin was still lost in thought. She bit her lip and looked out their dorm window at the dark skies and pondered the space beyond it. “Okay.” “Really?” She leaped up straight. A new light in her eyes. “We have a lot to do if we are going to pull this off.” Kylin began to smile as well, thinking of the days to come. “We have to cut your hair.” “You will have to change your voice!” They spurted ideas rapidly a fit of laughter at their own surprise. They grabbed the others hands and swung around in a half circle as the sun peaked over the horizon. Notes: Thanks everyone as always!!! Your comments have meant the world to me! And over 100 Kudos! Thanks guys!! http://inexorably-drawn-to-you.tumblr.com/ Chapter 8 : Long Ago and Far Away Part II Summary: Back in time we go again. Needless fluff for the soul. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) They had landed on Naboo. Ben had set their coordinates before Rey had even made it back to the ship the night they had escaped the base. The morning sun was just peeking over the horizon as they landed in the full field, and the two walked down the Falcon’s dock, exhausted from a sleepless night. “Naboo?” Rey murmured as she gazed into the open meadow. A gorgeous meadow that was valleyed by mountains and waterfalls. It was one of the most beautiful sights she had ever seen, but the planet wasn’t necessarily low-key for people trying to run or hide. “My family owns property here,” he said, deep and without further explanation. He began to outstep Rey and she stopped at the ship's base, watching to see if he would notice. He was almost ten meters ahead before he realized he was alone. “What’s wrong?” he shouted across the distance. “Are you just leaving the ship here?” Rey said, motioning to the freighter that framed her. “…Yes?” he said with a crooked eyebrow, unsure why his answer had displeased her. “We can’t just leave it!” Ben began to walk back towards her, pinching the bridge of his nose. “It’ll be safe, I promise.” When he finally reached his companion, he put an arm around her back and began to pull her forward. "Safer here than a formal landing bay, plus, my family owns this land too. The house is just over the hills.” Rey blinked. “You could have started off with that, you know.” He chuckled, and Rey’s heart thrummed. She cursed herself for enjoying the sound as much as she did, but when he was happy, something lit up in her as well. Their bond was both mystical and horrifying in that way. With each passing day, they had been becoming more and more of a reflection of the other, and she feared to forget who she really was or how she really felt. “What happened to your adventurous side?” he said, with a quick ruffle to the top of her head as they started up to the hilltop. “The last two years,” she growled as she swatted his hand away, “I’m doing this for you, so don’t patronize me about being paranoid sometimes.” He listened and quieted after that, which was his silent appreciation for her actions. His hand rested on the small of her back as they walked on, but he moved it when she adjusted the bag on her shoulder and Rey’s heart found some peace. She’d made a mistake kissing him back then; she knew she did. Confusion and desperation fueled her actions, and she knew their relationship could never be that. She couldn’t let herself explore that option, not now. ‘Not ever,’ she reminded herself. Rey could finally admit that she wanted him in her life, that something about their bond had tied them together until they rejoined the Force itself, but that is all they could be. Given their circumstances, it would be too much, too hard, to allow themselves anything more. Ben's pace was beginning to slow, and he soon found himself winded enough that he needed to break to lean against a sturdy tree, grasping at its branches to hold himself up. “You can’t even make it up a measly hill and you are questioning me about my adventurous side?” Rey turned her head to face him, but she continued to stride forward. “You try sitting in a jail cell for a year, you might be surprised with how much endurance you lose,” he snapped between pants and Rey laughed at him. “Come on, you big lug.” She returned to him and placed her hands on his back and that familiar warmth filled her but she shook it off as she began to push him. “We’re almost there! Just over the hill right?” “You are lucky nobody is here to see this,” he snarled, a bit more playfully as he made a few steps forward at Rey’s persistence. “Or what? Were you going to fight me? You can’t even make it up a hill, I’m pretty sure I would win,” she joked along, only a few more steps until they had reached the top. “I still weigh more than you and I’ve got the higher ground.” He turned his neck to her with a smirk and Rey was beginning to struggle to hold him as he placed more of his weight backward. “Ben, I’m going to drop you,” she forced out as he continued to lean back, “I’m going to let you roll down this hill and you are going to have to walk back up it over again!” Just as they reached the hilltop Ben’s legs ‘gave out’ and he collapsed, taking Rey along with him. She landed softly on her back in the long grass of the hill with a menacing scowl at the man that had fallen halfway on top on her. He propped himself up on his elbow and looked down at her with a grin, his thick raven hair falling in front of his face. “Get off!” She mumbled as she pressed her fists against his chest. As he shifted the blue skies of Naboo revealed itself to her and with it framed by the tall grass... it was all quite serene. She bathed in the sunlight for a few moments before looking over at Ben who was still facing her, squinting slightly at the harsh sunlight. “I'm glad you get to be out in the open again,” she said in an almost whisper, more of a thought. He raised an eyebrow curiously, then his expression faded into something more contented, “good.” His eyes lingered on hers, darting slightly to the other features of her face. He rolled from his back onto his shoulder and soon he reaching a dangerous proximity that made Rey immediately sit up. She gazed down the side of the hill that they would soon descend and she spotted the home that Ben must have been referring too. It was the only residence that she could see, even with her elevation. While green shrubbery had hidden most of the home from view, what she could make out was beautiful. Colorful and bright, reminiscent of a palace, sitting quietly on the edge of a massive lake that must have circled the hills for miles. “Is that the house?” Rey squeaked as Ben sat up next to her. He hummed in assurance and Rey gawked, “It’s beautiful.” “It belonged to my Grandmother’s family,” he started, “we used to come here when I was younger, not often, but enough.” “What are we waiting for?” Rey bounced to her feet and stretched out slightly. “Let’s go, I could use a nap!” She held out her hand to help Ben up and he took it with no hesitation. When he rose he was inches from her, their hands still entwined between their chests. With his free hand, Ben swept a stray hair that had fallen out of place during their fall from Rey’s face and he used this as an opportunity to cup the back of her head, his calloused fingers running smooth through her tied back hair. He leaned down with soft eyes and hovered over her mouth, waiting for her. She froze. Wide-eyed and confused. She had to tell Ben that this couldn’t work for them, that she’d made a mistake in kissing him before and it shouldn’t continue like that. She needed to tell him that, and yet she wouldn’t move or back away. But he did. “I’m sorry,” he muttered after sensing Rey's discomfort, he dropped her hand and dug it into his hair while walking passed her to start towards the house. “Don’t be,” she said back, face glowing red. The silence became unbearable. She didn’t owe him an explanation, but she tried reasoning for herself, “I just think... we are both confused, existing like we do, so conscious of the other, it’s hard to differentiate feelings sometimes.” “Confused?” he responded after a pause. Ben knew confusion, and this certainly wasn’t it. Fear was the much more prominent factor, that was clear. She trotted down the hill to catch up to him as he was desperately trying to stay a few steps ahead knowing his face couldn’t hide emotions well. “I just think it’s a boundary that’s best. We need rules.” He didn’t respond. “Well, like your mother and Luke! They share a bond similar to ours,” she started, “and certainly they didn’t-“ “I’m going to stop you before you finish that sentence,” She'd caught up to see the corners of his mouth raise and he let out a sharp snort. “Why?” She was beginning to sound annoyed. “Did you know that my mother and my uncle were separated at birth? That they didn’t know about each other until their twenties?” Ben peeked over at Rey who watched him bemusedly. She shook her head and Ben continued, “Well, I’ve got a funny story.” — He waved his hand in front of the locked door and it clicked open. Rey still slightly in shock from the enlightenment of Ben’s family history. The door swung open and Rey gasped at the sight. It was a palace. That was easy enough to tell from the outside, but the interior was just as stunning. The golden exterior echoed on the inner decor while elaborate art and sculptures lined the halls. The home was filled with colors Rey had never seen in any living space. From the dusty Jakku to every ship or base she’d slept in, she’d only known metal or concrete trappings. “This was your house?” she exclaimed as she stepped into the open foyer. The furniture was covered in a light dust, but otherwise, everything looked in place. “Vacation house,” he corrected. “It belonged to my mother’s biological family.” “It’s like a castle.” “It is, I guess,” Ben said as he followed Rey down the halls as she ran into every room, “My grandmother was a Queen, well, both of them actually, the adoptive and biological.” Rey appeared out of a small den and stared at him in awe. She supposed she knew Leia had once been a princess, as every so often people would slip and call her by that title, but it never really occurred to her how far that royalty stood. “Are you telling me you are a prince?” she said snobbily with a cocky eyebrow. “Well, you can assume that,” he walked passed her and nudged her playfully as he did. “Rooms are this way.” Rey followed a few steps behind, distracting herself with the architecture. They walked up a wide staircase to one of the houses expansions. They passed room upon room and Rey wasn’t sure how anyone could ever use this much space. As they reached the end of the hall, Ben extended his hand in a presenting fashion. “You can sleep here,” he said as Rey opened the door herself. She set her bag at the doorway and gazed at the sight as she stood in the center of new temporary accommodations. There was a large window that faced the lake that lit the golden yellow interior. The curtains and bedding were made of maroon silk that brought a splash of warmth to the room. The bed itself was the largest Rey had ever seen and she couldn’t imagine ever needing that much room to sleep. “I’ll just be a few rooms down the hall.” He pointed backward, and Rey turned to face him. “You… you aren’t going to stay with me?” She asked without thinking. “If I recall, you mentioned rules.” “Well, yes, but this is different,” Rey started without having a real reason why, “If something were to happen, if someone were to find us in the night, it would be better for us to be together if we had to leave urgently.” She did have a point after all. “Plus the room is plenty big, larger than any room on the Falcon for that matter, not to mention your cell.” His nose twitched and Rey feared she’d gone too far. He shrugged it off and flopped down on the bed, inching his way to the top. Taking no time to make himself at home. “Fine,” he said casually with a touch of smugness. He grabbed a pillow to fluff it and as soon as he did he was met with a puff of dust. “Maybe we should wash those first,” Rey suggested. “We haven't slept in well over a day and I haven’t slept in a bed that has fit me in a year,” he started, tucking himself in. “I”m sleeping.” Rey supposed she’d slept in worse conditions, way worse conditions, and a little dust could be something to worry about in a few hours. She grabbed the Holopad from her bag and set it on the bedside table as she crawled into the bed alongside him. He’d flipped to face the wall opposite her leaving a good four feet between them. She knew she’d have to message Leia soon, but Rey would worry about that later as her mental and physical exhaustion bested her and she drifted to sleep. — In the days to come, things became routine quite quickly. Perhaps too quickly. There was a working speeder in one of the home’s garages, and Rey was easily able to run into the nearest towns to grab supplies without anyone even beginning to look at her twice. She had been adapted to life on Jakku where strangers were immediately pointed out, but in a place as populated and bustling as Naboo, there was no way everyone could know each other. While their credits had been limited, local pawn shops served beneficial when it came to their temporary homes plethora of seemingly useless collectibles. Rey had felt some guilt about some of her exchanges, but both Leia and Ben encouraged the trades given the situation. Leia had informed Rey of the events that transpired back on the base a few hours into their first day. She had announced to them that her son had successfully escaped from his cell and that Rey had left to find him, knowing that with her Force-sensitivity and connection she would be the person most suited to track him. She shied away from further details, knowing her cover had made her son seem more dangerous than he was, but both Ben and Leia agreed to keep Rey out as an accomplice. Rey, selfishly, knew this was for the best, but that fact weighed on her. She had just returned to the lake house after a run into town when she spotted Ben. He had been sitting on the lake's dock, bare-chested with a towel wrapped around his shoulders as the sun dried his skin after an afternoon swim. Rey watched him for a second, and it was the first time she'd noticed how much weight he’d lost in the year that passed. She observed how his ribs were more prominent and his waist and arms were much thinner than they once had been, and it was a strange sight to see. Without the muscle mass, for whatever reason, the scars on his skin only seemed that much deeper. Rey, with the supply bags swung over her shoulders, walked down to where he sat and stood behind him. “I’ve got some food if you feel like cooking,” she said, and he looked back. He was breathing heavy and his eyes were red. “Oh, of course,” he muttered, “I’ll meet you up at the house, I’m just going to do one more lap.” “You’ve worked enough today,” she tried to comfort but he ignored her completely as he slid back into the water after chucking the towel off his shoulders. “I’m not as much asking you to make food for yourself, I’m hungry too,” she joked, but not really. “You can make something while you wait,” he suggested, holding himself up on the dock. Rey wasn’t much of a chef. If it involved more than ‘pouring water on it,' chances are she wouldn’t succeed. “I’ll wait,” she said as she sat where Ben had just been. “Are you going to watch me?” he said with some apprehension. “May as well, you can help carry the bags back up to the house when you have finished.” She placed her chin in her hands and stared expectantly. “You should do this sometime, the water’s quite great,” He let go of the dock and disappeared under the surface for a moment before popping back up, his hair plastered to his face. Rey looked at him before just stating, “still not the strongest of swimmers.” They both exchanged an awkward glance before Ben dove under again and took off along the shoreline. — She liked watching him cook. She found the whole process of it fascinating, but she doubted she would ever attain the patience to learn the skill herself. The uncooked ingredients were too tempting on their own and Ben would slap her hand away every time she’d learn over the counter to grab something off the cutting board. “I swear it will taste better once it’s all put together,” he said as he slid the tray away from her. She pouted at him but she could tell he was laughing. He began stirring a pot with one hand and then slowly lifted his other as some chopped vegetables floated towards the stove and fell into the pot. “Ugh...” Rey scoffed at the sight with the largest eye roll she could muster. “Impressed?” “Not in the slightest.” But just then a piece of fruit floated to that tabletop in front of her, she grabbed it without question and sunk her teeth into it. “Okay, slightly more impressed,” she said with a mouthful. She would never be a decent cook, and she would never be a dignified eater. “Did anything exciting happen when you were in town today?” He asked, turning away from the stove, and Rey was still getting used to such casual small talk with him. She almost felt guilty when they weren’t talking about the war, what was happening on base, or the future tasks at hand. “Um, I saw an old woman steal a power converter,” she hummed as a chunk of fruit fell from her mouth. She hoped Ben didn’t notice, but the way he leaned over and brushed the bit off her chin with his thumb proved otherwise. “Sounds riveting,” he said slowly, quite openly staring at her bottom lip. “It wasn’t, no one noticed,” she swallowed audibly and his hand dropped. “You didn’t say anything?” “I’m not quite in a position to make police reports,” she laughed nervously. “I guess not,” and he turned back towards the steaming pot, and her heart continued to betray her. — Most mornings Ben was already out of the room when Rey woke. He’d usually been running, swimming, or climbing the hills and would come back dripping in sweat heading straight for the fresher. So, Rey was slightly surprised to see him the next morning in one of the lounge areas, looking quite ill over the Holopad. The image of his mother flickering in the blue light. Leia calling wasn't out of the ordinary, but for a call to take place without Rey's presence concerned her. She hid outside the door and listened. “Ben, the sooner this happens, the sooner things may get better.” “Or the sooner everything may get worse,” he bit back. “I see you've gotten quite comfortable, but this world you're living is in imaginary, my son,” her tone softened. “We’re all going to have to face it, and the sooner, the better. Especially for Rey.” He didn’t argue. “I’ll let you know when I’m coming to Varykino,” she finished and the image flipped off. “Varykino?” Rey said, and Ben jumped up. Apparently distracted enough that he didn’t even think about sensing her. “ That’s what the house is called,” he mumbled. “Leia is coming?” Rey asked as she joined him on the couch, sounding hopeful. “Not yet, but soon,” he went on, not sharing her same enthusiasm, “she’s working with Resistance Council on some plea or bargain, she’s coming to get you for it.” Suddenly she realized why he sounded so distressed, “oh.” “Rey, I —“ She didn’t know what he was at the end of that sentence, but she did know she couldn’t handle hearing it. Rey had too been living in this false world, and wouldn't deny enjoying what she assumed was normalcy. It was so easy to forget at 'Varykino'. The beautiful home on the water, away from everyone and everything. “Hey, let’s go for a swim!” She stood up from the couch and held out her hand, he stood without taking it and walked out of the lounge, leaving the Holopad. She followed him with her eyes as he left the room then chased after him, “it will take your mind off things!” “I thought you still couldn’t swim.” “Maybe I learned, it can’t be that hard!” Sliding in front of him, Rey placed her hands on his chest to stop him from walking any further. He stared at her before reluctantly nodding. After changing into suitable swimwear, which Rey found to be a breast band and a pair of knee-length shorts that clung far too tightly to her skin she found herself standing at the edge of that dreaded dock regretting every decision she had made in the last hour. Ben was floating on his back with ease and would ever so often glance over at Rey as she debated her next move. “You’ll never know if you can do it until you try,” he haphazardly encouraged and Rey growled from above. “If you forgot, my last experience with water was not the greatest.” She inched her toes around the edge of the dock and rocked back and forth slightly. “You won’t let me drown will you?” He chewed his lip, “I haven't yet.” The air was awkward for a moment. Ben dove under and began to tread water when he popped back up, pulling back the wet hair back from his face. Rey looked down at the daunting water. She knew it couldn’t have been that deep, and surely floating couldn't be that difficult. She took a deep breath anticipating the plunge and took her small leap. She really hadn’t expected it to go much better. As soon as the water hit her feet she recognized she had no idea how to stay above said water. She’d watched Ben swim plenty of times, but waving arms and kicking feet only seemed to worsen her problems as the light of the day faded and she was surrounded by the black of the lake, only a glimmer of light coming from the break of the surface. She slammed her eyes shut and tried to focus on keeping the air in her lungs and pushing back up towards the sun, but panic struck. She gasped from the urgency and she inhaled liquid where she needed air to be. The terror was short as she felt a hand grab her bicep and pull her above the surface. After her eyes had reopened and she spat up some water he had the gall to smile at her. “Maker, are you made of rock?” he laughed as he hooked his hands under her arms to hold her up. “Apparently,” Rey coughed and more water spilled from her mouth. She placed her hands upon his shoulders to further prevent from going under again and he pulled her into him, just slightly, as she continued to cough while he tried to stop himself from laughing. “Stop!” She poked at him. “It’s not funny. I could have died.” “You were fine." His hands wrapped behind her back. “You just really can’t swim.” “No, I can’t.” They floated there for a second, holding each other as small ripples of waves hit against them. He smiled at her and she puffed out her cheeks. “I’m going to miss you,” he whispered and her face dropped. Ben knew he had made a mistake and his face reddened within seconds. Clouds rolled over the horizon, and a chill hit the air. Rey shivered awkwardly and Ben looked up to observe the changing sky. He sighed following a gulp. “Alright, we should head inside,” he said, but he didn’t let his touch stray as they walked to the shoreline. — That night, it had been storming. There wasn’t an immediate threat, but the thunderous shocks rattled the house and Rey buried under the covers. She tossed tirelessly as each crashing boom reawakened her as soon as she'd began to doze off. She turned to face Ben’s back. She doubted he was asleep for she could sense a conscious mind, but for whatever reason, he chose to ignore her restlessness. She settled on her side and began to watch him. Watched how his back stretched his shirt with every breath and how his hair settled against his pillow. He was strangely entrancing, but that could have just been the Force calling. “Ben,” she whispered through the hard sound of the rain as it pounded on the windows, “are you awake?” He grunted in response, a sign that he was only half conscious. “It’s loud out there,” she murmured as lightning from outside flashed in the room. She scooted forward and Ben remained still. “It’ll pass,” Ben was able to say, apparently trying to sound comforting, “just let the rain drown it out, focus on something else.” She continued to stare at his back as his breathing pattern steadied again. Shifting herself towards him again so her head was pressed neatly between his shoulder blades. His shirt was soft and warm. He shuddered at her touch but relaxed as the position became familiar. She had done this with him back at the prison and it filled her with the same sensation as it did before. The room silenced, and the Force within them flourished. It buzzed between their bodies and took form as both a chill and warmth. She focused on his heartbeat. It was a delicate sound, more soothing than the storm. He flipped so she was now pressed against his chest, trapped under his arm as it circled around her. Lighting crashed followed by roaring thunder as his grasp tightened. Her eyes slammed shut trying to refocus her mind on him, and his hands began to drift up and down the expanse of her back. Almost subconsciously, her arms wrapped around him and they found themselves trapped in the other’s embrace. Her mind couldn’t form a complete thought, and she feared to look into his. This was the intimacy she had been so desperate to push away, and now she was pulling herself into it, unable to see the harm of it at this moment. She felt safe there, loved there, and it was almost as if she had forgotten what being alone was ever like there. Then he parted from her slightly and Rey looked up at him with worried eyes. His own eyes were cloudy and his brow was furrowed. He adjusted the way he held her and pressed his forehead to hers. He chewed his lip before speaking, “I… I’m not confused Rey. I’ve spent my whole life not knowing what I what I wanted. What was right. I haven't felt that way in a long time.” “W-what are you saying?” Her heart left it’s sync with his and it started pounding with its own rhythm. Her cheeks burned and his warm breath on her skin almost seemed to scald her. “I suppose I’m asking if I can—“ Rey stopped him before he could finish. She slid her hand up to his lips to quiet him and in his momentary rejection he closed his eyes. She felt a light kiss against her fingertips. “Okay,” he finished and settled back into his pillow, “rules.” Rey gazed at him for a moment, and her fingers still rested on his lips. She dragged them back against his ear then into his hair and he remained still. To be honest, she wasn’t confused either — she just expected to be. She had grown to like this imaginary life they had built for themselves, and though she didn’t say it, she knew he would know she would miss him too. That this small world of theirs ending wasn’t sad for only him. She lifted herself up and brushed her lips against his. It was small and chaste— and she pulled away. It had been a stupid rule. “Welcome home, buddy!” The man, who she learned to be Poe, said as he turned back from the cockpit after a smooth landing. Kylin pressed her face against the glass to gaze at the bustling base before her. A few men and woman in uniform were doing laps, droids were scurrying off carrying cargo, and ships were everywhere overhead, it was unlike anything she had ever seen. She heard the hiss from the loading dock as it unhinged and she ran for the exit. Going over everything Kira had told her about each person, place, and thing on this base. Her heart was pounding, in a way that she couldn’t say whether she was thrilled or terrified. She reached the concrete surface of the landing bay and gazed at the rows of ships before her. That’s when she spotted her. She was standing just outside of the safe area of the landing bay, shifting slightly to the slide for the cargo loads that were whizzing by. Her hair was pulled back in the same fashion as it had been in the photo, and though at least seven years had passed since that picture, there was barely a difference. “Mum?” Kylin coughed, nearly forgetting to adjust her voice. “I missed you so much, my love!” The woman said kneeling with her arms open. Without any further thought, Kylin launched herself into them, knowing her words were for Kira but accepting them for herself. She wrapped her arms around her neck and squeezed as tightly as she could. Her mother reciprocated. "It has bee n so lonely around here without you! Promise you will never want to leave me again!” She laughed, lifting her up into the air. “Promise!” She said far too eagerly, holding back every tear she'd ever wanted to shed. Notes: inexorably-drawn-to-you.tumblr.com ALSO: I need your advice, this chapter was originally part of a MUCH longer chapter but it was getting ridiculous so I split it into two parts. Do you want the continuation of that chapter next? or back to the Present where we finally get the 'trap' part going? Both chapters are equally in the WIP stage and I can't decide... I even had to shorten this.. I'm thinking when this is all said in done I'll include the elongated versions of these chapters in a separate fic. I just had to make sure it wasn't too focused on the past- Let me know in the comments! Chapter 9 : The Trap: Part I Notes: Guys: If you read the last chapter fairly soon after it was posted, please check it again, there was a big update in the end to tie into these chapters. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Kira felt as if she were frozen in time standing outside the golden ivory castle that stood before her. She tried her best to not appear too shocked at the what would have been her house if she had been born Kylin, but she felt her jaw drop regardless. After a few moments, she felt a kind hand on her shoulder and her gaze was broken as she looked up at an older woman with graying hair, the one who had picked her up on Coruscant; her grandmother. She tried her best to not appear too shocked at the sight of what would have been her house if she had been born Kylin, but she felt her jaw drop regardless. After a moment, she felt a kind hand on her shoulder and her daze was broken as she looked up at an older woman with graying hair, the one who had picked her up on Coruscant; her grandmother. “Are you alright, sweetheart?” she asked with kind eyes, Kira nodded and the woman continued, “well, then we must not delay, your Father will be just thrilled to see you. I’m sure he’ll be quite pleased to have someone, aside from me, as company again.” “Princess! I mean, General, I mean-“ Threepio stammered as he trotted to Leia’s side, she brushed off his antics with a wave and he readjusted, “All of the young princesses’s belongings have been packed onto droids and are returning to her quarters, everything seems to be in place.” “That is good to hear,” Leia smiled, “you did a wonderful job looking after my granddaughter. She seems to be all in one piece.” Little did she know her granddaughter was in two very different pieces, spread far across the galaxy. The trip home had been a short one, thankfully, as Leia didn’t ask many questions and had no qualms with Kira requesting to sleep on the flight to Birren. Though the fact was she didn’t sleep, she was just too afraid of messing things up before they began that she had a hard time looking the woman in the face. She had never taken an issue with talking to new people in the past, but that is when she was Kira, now, she was Kylin and one wrong move might have catastrophic repercussions. “Come on now, love, we mustn’t delay! The sun has nearly set by now.” Leia took a step forward with her hand still placed on Kira, she obliged in the guiding and walked alongside her into the beautiful palace doors. While it must have been nice living with such recourses and amenities, Kira didn’t envy growing up here. It felt overwhelmingly lonely just walking into the greeting foyer. Its grand walls were covered in art and sculpture that no one seemed to appreciate in years, art left behind from years of past monarchs that wanted their legacy to live on. She had to keep focus, she reminded herself. She would be used to these sights if she were Kylin, she wouldn’t have blinked twice at them. This was her home. The two walked into an even grander hall where Kira could hear murmuring from the end of it and Leia scoffed as they walked towards the chatter. “I told him we would be arriving soon. He should know better than to be accepting holo-calls right now,” the woman said, “he’s been working himself tirelessly when you’ve been gone, I suppose he needed something to fill the hours with. He’s been getting much more involved with Birren’s senators than he usually has.” They reached a closed door and Leia waited a few seconds for an appropriate pause to enter. “These senate proposals are insane, they didn’t work during the Clone Wars and they surely won’t work now,” a deep voice echoed from the opposite side of the wall. “Good night, Senator.” Leia opened the door slightly to reveal a man. A well-dressed man in deep red robes who groaned as he dragged his hands down the length of his face as the holo-call flickered off. Sitting in an office chair, he looked down for a moment, swiveling slightly, utterly distracted. Leia opened the door further and Kira’s heart leaped out of her chest when she saw the man more clearly. She’d seen him before, while not in memories but in dreams. The dark hair that matched her own, the pale dotted skin, and the scar that ran across his face and ended at the bridge of his long nose. Though this was the first time she’d seen his eyes, they were dark and tired but lit up when the opening of the door finally caught his attention. “You made it!” he exclaimed, flying out of his chair, his legs knocking against the desk while doing so, “welcome home, kid!” Before Kira had any time to process what was happening she felt like she was a hundred feet in the air as the man lifted her in a tight embrace. She peeked down at the floor from over his shoulder as her arms tightened around his neck and her mother was right about one thing, he was tall. He set her back on the ground and gave a much more collected greeting to his mother who chucked at the lackluster welcome he’d given her. “You didn’t miss me, too?” she said jokingly. “You’ve been gone for a day, mother,” he said and Kira chuckled. He turned and bent his knees to reach Kira’s eye line and grinned, “it’s you I haven’t seen in what feels like a lifetime!” Kira gulped nervously as the words, for did he realize how true they were? “So please, entertain me, let me know all about your time abroad.” He stayed squatted in front of her and Kira’s mouth went dry. She had thought so much of what this moment would be like, but never in her dreams was she this nervous but she supposed she wasn’t pretending to be someone else in them either. She took a deep breath and refocused, making sure her thoughts were secured in her own head, and beamed back at him. “It was amazing! Coruscant was beautiful, and I won my first race on the simulators on the first try!” This would have been something Kira would have sulked about, but surely a topic in which Kylin would have boasted. “First try, eh?” He rustled her hair and she sighed, it seemed wherever she would go, whoever she was, people had the urge to do that. “Well, I want to know the full story, let’s go to the sitting area— I’m sure you're hungry— we’ll have some dinner made and we’ll have it served there.” “Dinner in the sitting area?” Leia smirked, liking the sound of the idea. “If I have to sit at a proper dining table any time in the near future... it will be too soon.” He rolled his eyes. “I’m not cut out for all this political showcasing they’ve been putting me through in Kylin’s absence.” “They are trying to win you without the distractions of your family, Ben,” Leia scoffed and her son returned to his full standing position, dwarfing both of them. “I’m sure the Arkanis Senators have been the most persistent?” “You wouldn’t be wrong in that assumption.” He waved both of them to follow as he left the room, going back into the hall. To say she was in shock would be an understatement. She was in absolute awe. This whole place was like some absurd dream and she wasn’t sure if she wanted to wake up. She had a hard time imagining Kylin growing up in a place like this, or anyone for that matter. They reached the sitting room after a few turns and Ben instructed a pair of droids to bring them something from the kitchen. Leia and the man took their seats on a maroon sofa that had a wooden table before it and Kira hesitated before sitting on the floor on the opposite side. “You know, we have chairs,” Leia said, with a slight grin. “I don’t mind sitting on the floor,” Kira replied, realizing that for a princess this must have been quite strange. “It’ll be easier to eat when food comes!” “I suppose so,” the woman smiled and Ben leaned in slightly. “So, what your favorite part?” He said and Kira felt like her tongue had dried up again, “of all the courses and simulations, what was your favorite?” She thought for a moment and swallowed, “I liked flying the freighters, the YT-1300 was my favorite!” Kira had almost always picked that ship when they were free to choose, for it had been her favorite model long before she had gone to Coruscant, for that happened to be the ship she had grown up on. She picked it constantly during simulation training so she’d be ready to fly that ship as soon as her mother let her back on Lothal. Ben immediately choked on his Tea and Leia’s eyes twitched. Kira watched them curiously and she wondered if they somehow knew about the Falcon. They certainly seemed like they knew the model well, and something about mentioning it had shocked them. “What an interesting choice. Old,” Leia stammered, taking a sip of her drink. “It’s fast and get’s the job done!” Kira smirked and Leia stared at her. “You sound just like your grandfather,” she whispered, a soft curl coming over her mouth while Ben frowned. Leia looked over at her son, then back to Kira, “that was the ship he used to fly, the YT-1300.” “R-Really?” Kira said with a stutter. “Piece of garbage, really,” Her grandmother began to laugh and her father had remained suspiciously silent. “But he loved that thing, I guess it was in his blood, though, since you seem to like them too.” “What else happened while you were there?” Ben was keen on changing the subject. “Um, I made a bunch of new friends…” Kira obliged to the change, “One of our teachers was a Torgruta, and I met a girl from Pantora!” While Kira was used to Alien species on Lothal, Birren was clearly almost exclusively human from Kylin’s stories. The service droids came and went with plates of wonderful smelling food, and the two adults continued to interrogate Kira about every aspect of the last few weeks. She tried stuffing her mouth as often as possible to avoid speaking, trying to avoid saying the wrong thing, but the questions kept coming and kept waiting for responses. Threepio had thankfully sauntered by sometime during their meal, with a blue Astromech rolling at his side. That must have been Artoo, Kira reminded herself. Soon Threepio, without being asked, began to recount his adventures on Coruscant and while Ben and Leia seemed to tire of it quite quickly, Kira accepted the much-needed relief of attention. She listened to the droids tale as it went on and on, and with her now full stomach, she felt her eyes start to drift, letting out a giant yawn. “You must be exhausted, dear,” Leia said after Kira had let out another tired sigh. “Oh no, I’m fine! I…uh… slept on the flight here,” she exclaimed. “The daylight hours are much different on Birren than on Coruscant. It's probably for the best that you go to your room and get to bed,” Leia added, as all of them stood. A sense of panic washed over her as she realized she had no idea where her room was. Her father and grandmother began to make their way from the area and she watched as Threepio began to saunter away as well. “Uh, Threepio!” She shouted before he got too far, “Did all of my luggage make it to my room?” “Of course, princess,” he said with a subtle jolt. “Well, uh, Threepio, I think you should show me where everything was put. There was a lot of luggage and it might take some time to find what items are in which bag without some help.” “Oh, of course, princess, I made sure all of your luggage was sorted and organized before we left, so it shouldn’t be an issue.” She breathed a sigh of relief as the robot began to strut forward, and Kira followed slightly behind. After a couple of extended hallways and a staircase they reached the room and found the packed necessities that she would need for the night. Threepio left after a job-well-done and Kira pulled on her sleep clothes. She flopped onto the bed as there was a quick knock on the door. “Come in!” she said without thinking, and the door swung open to reveal the silhouette of her father, who was now in much more relaxed clothing himself. He walked over to her bedside and bent down slightly as Kira buried herself in her covers. “Next time you leave, I’m going with you,” he sighed with a low laugh, “I’m not sure how much I can stand of these people when you aren’t here.” Kira couldn’t relate to the context but she appreciated the sentiment, although it took her a moment to realize it wasn’t really meant for her. “Goodnight, sweetheart,” he said, brushing his hand over her forehead. “I missed you, kid.” “I missed you too,” she managed to whisper, and she felt like that was the first time she hadn’t lied all evening. He flipped off the lights and left the room. Kira tossed around for what felt like hours, knowing she hadn’t slept well in weeks, but still unable to go under. Kylin’s room was daunting, to say the least, in terms of the size alone it was intimidating. It was far bigger than any of the rooms on the falcon and bigger than most of the apartments on base. It was large but also empty. Regal. To be honest, while she hadn’t known her grandmother and father for more than a few hours, the decor didn’t seem to fit them either. They didn't seem to care too much about the elaborateness of it all, just dealt with it out of obligation. She flopped once more and stared out the window which had moonlight streaming in. She slid out of her bed and walked to the sill. The view was pretty, full of gardens. It was hard to make out clearly but in the light from the stars shown beautiful green shrubbery lined with alien purple flowers that she’d never known to exist. Lothal, while not totally barren of color, wasn’t the most lively either. Coruscant had introduced her to more landscape, but at the planet’s root, it was still very metallic, and on a military base you grew used to metal very quickly. After a few moments, she smirked as an idea struck her. Certainly, it had gotten late enough that the house would be empty by now, she could sneak around and familiarize herself with the place. Study the estate. She peeked out the door, making sure it was clear, and slipped out into the elegant hall. The red carpeting and golden interior looking much less regal in the night. The excess space made Kira uneasy, she wasn’t used to so much having so little purpose. She scampered down the hall and ducked behind a curtain when she heard a noise from around the corner. A service droid, beeping melodically, passed without notice and as soon as it was out of sight Kira sprinted forward. She made it to the hall in which she was first welcomed to the home and gazed across the line of past monarchs. Kylin had informed her that royalty on Birren wasn’t as standard as it was on other planets. That the only reason they even lived there was because their grandmother was once the princess of one of the planets that colonized Birren, so none of these past monarchs would have any relation. She went down portrait after portrait until she reached one that read, ‘Organa’. That was Kylin’s last name, and her grandmother’s, and assuringly her father’s. ‘In memory of Bail and Brea Organa, leaders of Alderaan and inspirers of hope’. Kira blinked at the portrait. A handsome man stood in politicians clothes behind a stunning sitting woman who was dressed far more exquisitely. They didn’t look much like Leia, but she supposed Kylin did mention her grandmother was adopted. Adopted but still seen as the true heir of Alderaan, and therefore Birren. She gazed up at the painting one last time and bowed her head in a short moment of gratitude before leaving the gallery. Room after room, each area that Kira had peeked her head into proved that the house was more museum than home. Relics of the lost planet of Alderaan placed as shrines and mementos from Arkanis lined the halls. She read each of the inscribed plates to try to absorb as much information as she could, but none were particularly interesting. She continued to peek into doors until she reached the office in which she first met her father. Kira hesitated, knowing it was probably wrong to go snooping, but the holo-pad left on his desk seemed to call to her. Whether or not this could be attributed to the force or childhood curiosity she could not tell but she slipped into the office closing the door behind her. The device lit up and Kira brought her hand in the air the scroll down the list of vids, bits, and clips that had been saved on the machine. Reading the subject line of a few they were mostly recordings of political meetings, messages from the senators, and other formal responses, but then she noticed a large skip in dates and a small handful of unlabeled vids appeared. She looked closer at the dates and her eyes widened, they were files from a few months before she was born. She knew she shouldn’t. She knew there was so much beyond the surface of her parent's secrecy that this may not have been the answer she wanted to see. It may have been nothing, though, just a normal transmission, and before she had any more time to reason with herself she selected the first one. “Is it on?” a familiar voice called out as the screen came into focus. Kira smiled almost uncontrollably as Poe came on screen. He didn’t look much different, maybe fewer lines around his eyes and the small gray patches around his hairline hadn’t come in yet, but it was him all the same. “You kids and your technology,” he laughed. “Poe, this technology has been around longer than you have. Longer than I have.” Leia came into frame and looked down as she pressed a few buttons on the recording device. The screen focused further and more shapes appeared in the background. “What are you doing mother?” Ben begrudgingly had said from the back, mostly being blocked by Leia and Poe. “Luke wanted us to send him a message! He hasn’t seen Rey yet, and chances are he won’t be able to make it to Naboo before she gives birth!” Leia snipped back at him. “Oh please, no, I’m a mess, I don’t want to be on video!” While she couldn’t see the speaker of those words, she knew it was her mother and her heart lifted. “See, she doesn’t want too,” Ben had responded and Leia turned to face them, revealing them both fully. Kira began laughing before she realized it at the sight of her mother so…round. Even her cheeks were slightly more filled out than she’d ever seen them. Her hair was down with her bangs braided back, and she was facing her father with her hands resting on her protruding stomach. If the dates were correct, she was not nearly as pregnant as she looked, but that was the price of having twins. “We’re already recording just come in!” Poe teased, presenting Rey to the camera. Then a hand landed on his shoulder and Finn pulled himself into the frame. “Hey, Master Luke! How’s the relic search going?” Finn said with a subtle hand gesture then Poe pushed him back out again. Rey turned in and waved slightly but Ben’s eyes didn’t waver from her. “Kylin!” The distraction of the video must have stopped her from hearing the door behind her open, and in the dark hallways was the shadow of her father. She slammed her fist against the device so it turned off and she faced him with tears in her eyes. “What are you doing?” he asked, though it was clear he had seen enough to know what she saw. “I-I-“ she stammered nervously, “I couldn’t sleep, and I saw that those vids were from before I was born-“ “Kylin, you know you shouldn’t be in here,” he stormed into the room snatching the pad from the table. She had no trouble admitting that a part of her was scared of him. There was an energy about him that left Kira uneasy, and she wanted to wretch at the thought that she'd messed up this badly so soon. He turned the device back on and selected the dated videos the Kira had revealed. His mouth twitched with hesitation before he deleted them all and Kira reached forward and mourned for the memories lost. “You didn’t have to delete them,” she murmured with a choked back sob. If Ben was honest with himself, he should have deleted them years ago. He’d watched them so many times that there wasn’t a single new piece of information or solace he could gain from them. “It’s best you can't come across them,” he said, sliding the holo-pad back into his drawer. “Why not?” She squeaked, still shaken by his appearance. “You don’t think I would have shown those to you if I didn't have reasons?” There was restraint in his voice, weariness, exhaustion. I don’t know. I don’t know you. Kira thought to herself, almost bitterly. “I… just wanted to know if she was there. Where she was.” “We can’t know that right now, sweetheart.” He said this like he had said it a thousand times, either to himself or to Kylin. “Why not?” “Because the second I find out, it would take an army to stop us from going to go get her.” He knelt down in front of her and placed his hands on her shoulders. “Believe that we don’t know right now for a reason, and it’s important.” It took every fiber of Kira’s being not to shout that she was on Lothal. She was on a military base on the northern east hemisphere that was a standard hours trip from the capital. She was there with Kylin, and she was Kira, and that this whole thing could be over with. “There are people who want to hurt her,” he continued and Kira’s mouth slammed shut, “I know this is hard, but I promise you, one day you will understand.” Kira’s heart thudded in her chest, and just like that, everything became too overwhelming and she flung herself at him. Clinging around his neck and letting herself cry. She didn’t want her mother, or Kylin, to be put in any danger, she just wanted to meet him. “It’s okay, sweetheart,” he said as he lifted her up into the air, “just know that whatever we do, we are doing it to protect you. Not hurt you.” She hugged him tighter as he carried her from the office, going back down the halls to the sleeping rooms of the house. They reached her room and he set her carefully on the bed. “Now, go to sleep, and no more sneaking out.” Kira buried herself in the covers as her father knelt at her bedside, resting his head on the comforter, beginning to doze off himself. “I’m sorry, Papa,” she said as she wiped her face with the blankets before closing her eyes. “mhrrfff,” he grunted, half asleep already. — Her father wasn’t there when she woke up. Understandably so, because she doubted sleeping on his knees hunched over a bed was very comfortable. After taking in the view of the room in the daylight, Kira hopped out of bed and sauntered over to Kylin’s drawers for something to wear for the day. Kira looked at Kylin’s wardrobe with disgust. It was horrible. Every outfit was frilly and flared and Kira audibly groaned at every single one. She tossed on a knee- length white dress, which, looking closer at it, was probably intended for sleepwear, b ut it was soft and plain, and it was still early so no one would care if it were pajamas or not. She had made it through her first night, albeit terrifying, she had made it. She trotted down the stairs back into the main hallway to her grandmother pacing near the end of it. “Goodmorning, Grandmother!” Kira shouted from the distance, Leia looked up at the distraction and smiled at her. “Goodmorning, sweetheart,” the woman greeted her with a hug, “it’s so nice hearing your voice in the morning again. Next time you want to leave Birren, I’m going with you. Your father was in an incredibly bad mood when you were gone, he’s been a bit of a nuisance the last few weeks.” “Father can come too then,” Kira grinned, “he doesn’t like it here anyway, he said the same thing last night.” A sharp cough came from behind Kira and before she turned to face it, Leia frowned sharply. “Good morning, Lady Organa,” a woman said as she entered the house, a security droid at her side. “Hello, Clara,” Leia muttered, “I’ll have to reprogram those droids to make sure they inform the house before letting just anyone in, it’s quite early and we are not expecting visitors today.” “They saw my credentials, they did their job just fine,” The woman looked around the house for a second before her eyes landed on Kira, “Welcome back, Lady Kylin,” the woman said, with one of the fakest smiles Kira had ever witnessed. “Who are you?” Kira said without thinking, for it was clear she should have known who it was. She felt a soft pat on the back of her head. “Be nice,” Leia said under her breath. “Um, thank you?” Kira responded. “Now what can we owe this pleasure, Miss Sindain,” Leia sighed, her charm was as equally faked. “I have some matters to discuss with your son about the upcoming Senate hearing.” “He’s mentioned the hearing, but alas, you are not the senate.” “Well, no, but I represent the people of Arkanis and was sent on their behalf.” “Will the senators be joining you?” “Perhaps if the matters of Birren’s stance on the bill cannot be settled by today’s discussion.” Leia glared, and Kira’s eyes narrowed as well. “Very well, he is in his office at the end of the hall. Should he be expecting you?” “I’m sure he won’t mind,” the woman said with a slight curl of her mouth. Kira liked most people. Tag Brance was the one exception. Until now. Notes: inexorably-drawn-to-you.tumblr.com Thanks for checking in!!!! I have a lot written for the next part so hopefully the wait won't be long. GO GO GO. Also guys, don't worry, I don't write love triangles, I don't do it. Chapter 10 : The Trap: Part II Notes: I am so sorry for the delay. I know this chapter is shorter than the others but I hope it can fill the void! Carrie's passing was devastating to me and honestly made it very hard for me to imagine this universe. So I thank you all for the understanding. But do not worry, I do not abandon fics! This will be completed :D ALSO: Also: Shortly after I posted chapter 8 I adjusted the ending. So if you want to see the reunion scene and missed that update I recommend reading that first. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) “You have to tell me everything!” Rey started, leaning forward against the unactivated game table aboard the falcon, which was now being used for sandwiches. Kylin had been nearly frozen in place for the last standard hour. Afraid every movement or word would be a dead giveaway of her true self. While Kira and herself had gone through every detail of their lives to make this exchange possible, certainly, they had missed something. She pushed her shoulders forward to obtain the appropriate posture to emulate her sister and wiped on a nervous grin. “It was amazing! I met a ton of new friends, and I learned how to fly almost ten different ships! You’ll have to let me show you!” She watched her mother's reaction, and nothing she said seemed to trigger anything suspicious. She took a deep breath. “Maybe on a real ship this time!” “You can show me on the simulators for a few more years,” Rey sighed with a soft smile, “then maybe we can take a ship.” Kylin laughed and took a bite of her sandwich. Her mother lifted an eyebrow and giggled alongside her. “You usually fight me more on that kind of stuff,” she said and Kylin stopped mid bite. Barely any time had passed since she’d made it to Lothal and she feared she had already blown it. “This is music to my ears.” She popped a biscuit in her mouth and Kylin’s muscles relaxed again. “Hey, kiddo!” Poe, the man who had picked her up on Coruscant, snuck up from behind and ruffled the child’s hair. Somehow he managed to get onto the ship without anyone noticing. “You wouldn’t believe how quiet this one was on our flight back,” he said, turning to face Rey, “barely said four sentences to me.” The truth was Kylin hadn’t quite mastered Kira’s accent and was avoiding speaking as much as humanly possible. It was easier to adapt to it when she could echo her mother’s inflection, but it was much more difficult to adapt to it when speaking to a man who shared the same speech patterns as her and her father. “I’m exhausted!” Kylin exclaimed, “I barely slept the entire time I was away!” “It must have been like a sleepover every night in those dormitories,” Poe laughed, squeezing next to the girl on the cushioned booth. "Reminds me of my days at the Republic Academy." “I guess so,” Kylin muttered. In the short about of time she was in the community dorms with the other girls they had been chatty, of course, but it never resulted in losing too much sleep. It wasn’t until she moved in with Kira when those sleeping hours disappeared. “Why don’t you lay down then?” Rey soothed and Kylin’s eyes darted towards her. “It’s almost time for bed anyway, I’m sure you could use the extra hours. You had a long flight.” “Oh, I- I guess,” she responded. “I think this is the first time you’ve agreed to go to bed earlier too! Your time away has changed you,” Her mother joked but Kylin’s heart felt like it was about to fall out of her chest. “I think I’m just tired, I’ll be back to my old self in no time,” she tried saying in return jest. Her mother just smirked and began to gather the plates in front of them, and the three left the booth. Rey signaled for Poe to wait for her to return and the pair of them headed towards Kira’s room. It was strange to see such simple living conditions. She didn’t mind it, though. Kira’s room was quite bland, metal walls with metal floors, and the bed was small, around the same size as the one’s back on Coruscant. She scampered over to the mattress and plopped down on it with a slight bounce. Rey knelt before her as she began to bury herself in the blankets, which surprisingly, weren’t too bad. “Goodnight, my love,” Rey said with a yawn, tucking a tendril of her daughter's hair behind her ear, “I might not be far behind you, I haven’t slept well since you’ve been away.” “I’m sorry,” she said guiltily, knowing it hadn’t much to do with her anyway. “Oh, don’t be! It’s my own fault for worrying so much. You are much too reckless for me not to worry.” Kylin just giggled, because that sounded like Kira, and said with a matching yawn, “Goodnight, mum.” “See you in the morning,” Rey said as she left, and Kylin began the close her eyes. The stress from the initial switch and the first day beginning to fade, and the door to the room hissed closed. — “It must be good to have Kira back home,” Poe said, leaning against the corridor wall as Rey exited. “It’s wonderful, remind me to never listen to you about letting her leave again,” she wasn’t completely seriously, but she may have been harboring some truth behind her words. They stood in silence outside the room for a few seconds before Poe continued. “Has she brought him up yet? I know you said that you’d tell her more once she returned home.” Rey swallowed. “No, surprisingly. I thought it would be the first words from her mouth.” “You seem to be doing alright,” he said. “I think so,” she chuckled at her own hesitation. “ Think ?” “This is so new, I don't know how I’m feeling about it yet. But I think it’s nice.” Rey said with a signaling wave and they began to walk back to the recreation room of the Falcon. “Almost like, if we begin to address it, things will change, it will be able to go back to how it is supposed to be.” “That’s good to hear,” Poe said, but his face contradicted his words. "So how was Finn?" — The next day Kylin was awakened by a loud metal clatter coming from somewhere on the ship, she jumped out of bed and ran out into the hall, where she could hear frustrated murmurs coming from the kitchen nook. She peeked around the opening to find her mother sitting near a pile of cooking accessories and the woman lit up when she turned to spot her daughter. “Oh good, you are awake!” She exclaimed with a smile before it immediately faded, “Oh no, I didn’t wake you did I?” “A little,” Kylin laughed. “I was going to try to make a special ‘welcome home’ breakfast, but then the pots and pans decided to remind me first hand that I can’t cook.” She gestured to the fallen kitchenware around her. “I think even the Force knows I shouldn’t be near a stove.” “The Force works in mysterious ways,” Kylin added and her eyes widened in joy as that merited a laugh from her mother. “It sure does, my love.” Rey stood from where she was, and moved the pots to the side with her foot to be cleaned up later, “Now, since breakfast isn’t going to as planned, why don’t we go to the mess hall and grab whatever they are serving up there?” Kylin nodded as her mother placed a hand on her shoulder and began to lead them both out into the main hall. A ringing sound filled the corridor and Rey sighed. “Why don’t you go ahead, I’ll meet you over there. That’s probably a call I should take, a new ship flying in.” She walked with Kylin to the loading dock and left to run towards the cockpit. Kylin started her way down, slowly, for she really had no idea where to go from here. She took a few lazy steps away from the ship before she heard voices come her way. “Kira! You’re back!” A group of children around her age, a boy and two girls, ran up to her. “Why didn’t you say anything?” “Um…” Kylin hesitated, Kira had mentioned her friends on base, but it was very hard to sort them, “I’ve been exhausted, I’ve barely been able to keep my eyes open for longer than a few minutes.” “Did you get to fly a real ship?” The boy asked. He was stocky with sandy brown hair and olive skin. “Oh no, just simulators, but they were really nice! The ones they train real pilots in!” “That’s amazing! The ones here are breaking down by the handful. I want to go to Coruscant too.” “It’s really amazing, the skies at night light up a thousand different colors, and their cities are built on top of each other!” “Whoa,” the chorus of children replied, and Kylin smiled satisfactorily to herself at the small audience she had obtained, perhaps, for the first time, an audience actually interested in what she had to say. Not just politicians interested in schmoozing her father and grandmother. “You need to tell us more! Are you coming to breakfast?” “I was going to wait for my mum, but she might be awhile,” Kylin said, suddenly fearing that too much alone time with these new people would bring up even more opportunities to mess up. “She’ll meet us there!” one of the girls with springy hair said grabbing Kylin's hand and beginning to drag her alongside them. She stumbled a bit but eventually joined their quick pace towards the main base. She continued to follow them into the mess hall, where a few other children waved them over to the table they were all already sitting at. A table slightly shorter than the other ones in the room. They were all happily chatting amongst themselves as Kylin prayed to be left out of their banter. She didn’t mind just listening and being company, the only thing she feared was revealing too much. They grabbed their chairs and sat while a service droid dropped a bowl of brown slop in front of them. The other children began to eat without hesitation. Kylin, not wanting to draw too much attention to herself, lifted the bowl to her face and sniffed it. It surprisingly smelled sweet, and not that grotesque. She grabbed her spoon and just as she was about to admit to herself that maybe it wasn’t too bad tasting her head began to thrum. She winced and luckily no one had seemed to notice. Her mind was a fog, and suddenly she couldn’t even make out the room around her. The fully formed people in the room soon became just s ilhouettes and her head echoed with the sounds of low murmurs, all indistinct until one voice became painfully clear. “Looks like Rey’s girl is back,” someone had said. “She really is the spitting image of him,” another one added. “Be careful who you say that too, you don’t want to end up like Teslin. You’ll get a black eye for saying that.” “What? I feel bad the for the kid. The whole base knows what happened, and she’s oblivious to it. Rey knows that her lack of a denial was basically a confirmation.” Kylin felt her blood begin to boil. The room was still filled with mist in her mind’s eye but she turned to try to find the source of the voices. Two silhouettes seemed to glow from the back of the room and she focused on them. “General Organa disappeared the moment Rey arrived with her, haven't seen her since, probably couldn’t deal with the constant reminder of what a monster her son turned out to be.” “She still defended him in court, somehow got that traitor out on exile. I guess a mother’s love is unconditional.” “You have a prime example of that in front of you, Rey’s a much stronger person than I. I don’t think I could ever force myself to love a child that was part… inhuman.” The bowl dropped from her hands and landed with a clang onto the table and suddenly all of her peer's eyes were on her. Kylin’s nails dug into her palms and they uncontrollably constricted tighter and tighter until she could feel blood begin to drip from them. “Kira, are you okay?” Another voice rang out and suddenly the fog her mind had created began to dissipate. The girl sitting next to her at the table was prodding her shoulder. “No, I don’t feel very well,” Kylin murmured as she released her fists to them clutch her stomach, realizing that she had just gotten blood all over her clothes. “I must still be tired.” “You are bleeding!” The girl said, grabbing Kylin’s palms to look at them. “I- I tripped this morning,” she covered, looking at the nail marks then hiding her hands from view. “I think I’m going to go home, er, to the ship.” Kylin stood and her legs wobbled. She tried her best to hold down sick as she focused around the room, gazing for the exit, but her mind hadn’t totally cleared yet. Instead of an exit, she focused on two men in the back of the cafeteria. To Kylin, their aura’s shown dark as they quickly glanced over and made eye contact before casually looking away. I don’t think I could ever force myself to love a child that was part… inhuman Kylin continued to stare at them. Not caring any longer if they knew she was glaring so obviously. The floor around her began to shake and the mess hall chatter quieted. “Earthquake!” A few people in the room spoke up once the loud clatter of falling trays and pans echoed throughout the room. The children ducked underneath the table, as they were probably once instructed to do, and called for Kira to join them. But Kylin wouldn’t hide from the earthquake. She was the earthquake. The two men in the back of the room, who had been too loose with their tongues, flew off their chairs, slamming into the back wall. She focused on them even harder as they scrambled to their feet and then both of them froze, terrified, as though their lives were flashing before them. “Kira!” And everything stopped. Everything settled back to the floor and the room was filled with shocked silence before the it began to chirp with the relieved voices that the quake had ended. The fog that clouded Kylin’s mind refused to subside, and it soon overwhelmed her as she saw a pair of shadows run towards her, before darkness. When she woke, she was in her own bed, well, Kira’s bed, and her mother had been leaning over the foot of it resting her eyes in her folded arms. “Mum?” She sat up and tapped Rey’s forehead. Her mother blinked for a moment, then darted straight up. “Are you alright, love?” she said urgently, placing the back of her hand against her forehead to check for some sort of a fever. “What… what happened?” Kylin murmured. “I don’t know, people think you were spooked by the earthquake,” her mother responded, worried. “Kira, what do you remember?” “Not much.” “Please try.” “I remember being angry.” The memories began to flood back to her and a painful feeling in her gut returned, “I heard some people saying bad things. I got angry. They were lying.” Rey looked at her, “were they saying things like what Tag said to you before you left for camp?” Kylin didn’t quite know what her mother was referring too, but apparently, Kira had dealt with something similar before. She simply nodded and Rey pulled her into her arms. “Come on, love, let’s go get some fresh air.” — “I know we don’t talk about your… abilities very often,” Rey said as she sat in the middle of a small grassy clearing just out of the base. She pulled her daughter into her lap and embraced her softly. “And that is my fault, I was just hoping things wouldn’t escalate so quickly with you. It took me-“ She stopped herself, “But you and I both know what happened back there wasn’t an earthquake.” Kylin didn’t respond, but she bobbed her head. “Some people are gifted with the Force, it exists in all of us, but some people, like you, can manipulate it. Control its energy. It’s a gift, but it can be very dangerous.” She was beginning to sound like her Great Uncle Luke. “It’s connected to your emotions, I know it may be difficult to control, and I am going to start working with-“ “Mum,” Kylin said, cutting her off, “why were they saying those things about dad?” “I… I don’t know, love,” she responded. A small breeze ran through the fields and Rey shivered. “Your father, much like you, is strong with the force.” Kylin perked up to look back at her mother, though she knew it well herself, she knew this was something Kira was never told, “he, well, he scared some people a long time ago, and some people are still scared of him.” “Why can’t you use it?” “Use what?” “The Force.” “Um, well,” Rey stammered nervously, breaking any eye contact she had with her daughter, “not everyone can use it.” It was clear she was hiding something, and she tempted to pry further, but she resisted because there was another question that was far more pressing to her. “But why did they say he hurt you? He wouldn’t do that, right? He loves you!” Kylin feared she had said too much, but if she had, it had gone unnoticed. “Not a lot of people are willing to look past the surface once someone makes a mistake,” Rey said with a subtle stroke of her daughter's hair, still slightly uneasy. “Will people forgive me?” She said, picking meekly at the small blades of grass around her. “Oh, of course, my love,” Rey clarified, “they will know how sorry you are, how sweet you are, and that you didn’t mean it. But for now, let’s hope they continue to think it was just an earthquake.” “I was really mad. They were telling lies.” “The only people who need to know the truth is us, and we know that what they said wasn’t true. Your father loves us all very much.” Us all . Her chin quivered. Her mother was acknowledging her , the real her, not just Kira. She knew it. She felt it. She shifted in her mother’s lap to wrap her arms around her neck and hug her again, letting the few tears that had begun to pool to fall. Just then a small loth cat popped out of the fields and made it’s way to the mother and child. It cocked its head for a moment before smiling with its clownishly big mouth. It scampered up to them and purred as it rubbed its head against Kylin’s feet. “Loth Cats have always seemed to like you, Kira.” And as if it were on queue the animal backed up and sniffed her. With a small growl, the animal skitted back into the tall grass and disappeared. Notes: Thank you again, Comments and Kudos keep me alive and kicking. Motivation station, next stop, you guys! (I'll probably do another pass in the morning as always, apologies in advanced!)