Kylo of 1000 Days As he mounted the steps, he glanced back, eyes searching above, despite the crowd below. He hoped for her, now at the hour of his death, to come rushing through those oaken doors as she had done so many times before. The balcony remained empty of his queen, filled only by her advisers, by lords and ladies of court, their hands and fans attempting to hide the growing smirks. For the first time this morning, he cast his eyes to his feet, his pride finally faltering for the first time since coming to court five years before. Indeed, the boy who walked into court then was not the man who stood before the executioner now. If he was still Ben Solo, he’d have demanded his charges be read against him again, here, in front of the crowd, to appeal to their sense of justice, to beg for his life. But Kylo Ren knew better, looking out into the crowd’s eyes, seeing a look of pity here, a look of scorn there. Five years ago, he did not know the power of a woman’s words. Today, he was to die at the request of one, and even now, he still wondered how he could gain one last audience with his sovereign, who was so much more than simply his reigning power. His charge. His duty. His lover. His wife. Yes, today, the crown prince of the Empire, Kylo Ren, was to die, charged with treason against the Empress. He looked to the balcony again, simply sackcloth shirt chafing his skin, hands bound with rope in front of him, catching the eye of General Dameron, brown eyes meeting and then averting. If he still had his will, Kylo mused, he could tear his hands free, possibly clear half of the crowd with a running leap from this scaffold, quickly scale the wall, kill the man where he stood. His heart turned bitter in his chest, bile raising to his throat, remembering how the general would whisper to the empress, how she’d blanche and shake her head, how she’d wave him off. Until she didn’t. Until the general whispered something that turned her heart cold against her husband, had moved enough pawns, produced enough “proof” to have Kylo convicted, pushed and prodded his wife until she relinquished her control, gave up her defenses, gave him up to the guillotine, to the swordsman, to the gallows. There was a sound that made him flinch, but it was not the church bells, ringing in the hour of his death. It was a scream, deafening and ringing from the depths of the palace, a scream and sobs that made him fear for his wife’s life, fear for her sanity, made him wonder if the cries were for him. Then an infant’s squalls joined the tremor in his ears, and the prince suddenly felt himself sway, wracked with guilt and remorse, remembering the long nights he had cradled his queen, had coaxed her into his arms, her tears fresh, her walls up, not wanting his love, not wanting to try again, ready to deny an heir, just so she wouldn’t have to know the pain and sorrow of losing a child again, so she wouldn’t shame her people with not providing them a future. He had loved her even then, and eventually she let him back in, in every way, and this…. This was supposed to be the day that he became a father. This was the day that he was to see the child he had cooed to all these past months, the child who made his wife plump, made her fret, made her proud. Instead, today, he would die, because of a courtier’s jealousy, because of a well-placed lie. The doors opened, and Kylo was just one pair of eyes desperately looking for a stay of execution, explanation for what they heard. He almost hoped that he alone had heard his wife, had heard his child break into the world, hoped that he was still bonded to his wife, that in this moment of vulnerability, she’d open herself back up to him, attempt to love him for a second more. Instead, it was only Lord Finn, who looked at him coldly before announcing the birth of boy, announcing the possibility of a newer and brighter future, never saying a word of the queen, of her lover who stood now, wondering if he still had the strength to stand. He swayed, attempting to stay upright, but his knees buckled, and his knees cracked against the wood platform under him, fainting amongst the gasps of the crowd around him. A boy. The child they had been hoping for was here, and he would never hold him. This was the last thought in his mind before his consciousness drained from him, before he found a stay of execution in oblivion. In the palace, Rey screamed still, her cries intertwining and trading pitches with her newborn son, her grief taking the place of any joy this day would have had. In this moment, she couldn’t decide what she rued more: the day she gave Kylo up to the law, gave him up to death—or the day he caught her eye, protecting her fiancé all those years ago. Fist to her mouth, tears burning tracks into her skin, she succumbed to exhaustion, unaware that her husband still lived—for the moment. Chapter 2 : The Worth of a Princess Notes: Please, definitely look at this link: http://eyre-bones.tumblr.com/post/146186936978/here-we-go-again If you do so, you will be treated to a Tudor inspired Kylo and Rey, made by the wonderful Eyre Bones! They were so sweet to bring it to my attention, and I personally love it so much that if I could get away with ending every chapter with the picture, I would. (If I could post the picture straight into the note box, I would, because god...I love it.) My moment of fangirling done (for now)... I hope you enjoy the new chapter! I promise that it's much lighter than the last, to give all of our hearts a break. :) Thank you so much. Before she was empress, she loved to run. Rey could remember her childhood in the courtyards, running from her father as he chased her in jest, the wind biting her cheeks, her dress catching around her feet, always tangling, always leaving her sprawling. Her mother had always been close by, sweeping the little princess up, scolding her father, rolling her eyes at the many nannies who’d fret about the dirt Rey would inevitably smudge on her lady mother. She spent her days in the sun, never thinking about the crown she often left behind to run, never thinking about the implications of those who only called her “Your Highness.” This, of course, was before the empire was overrun by traitors, her childhood home being ransacked, her wide eyes seeing her father and mother thrown to their knees, throats slit as she hid in a cupboard with a serving girl, her five-year-old teeth digging themselves into her arm to keep herself silent, to stay alive. This was before she knew that she was royal, before she realized that her blood had value to it, that it apparently ran blue. Indeed, this was before she was declared the next in line, before she was moved to court permanently, her grandfather, Emperor Palpatine, stricken by the death of his son, the prince. She stood now, seventeen and pale, impatiently waiting for her ladies-in-waiting to join her on the portico, knowing that her grandfather would disapprove of her being unchaperoned. Though there was peace now, though the resistance had been squelched, though many things had changed in the twelve years since her parents died, Rey knew that her grandfather would never allow her to be alone—and it suffocated her. Thankfully, Phasma, captain of her personal guard, closest thing she considered a friend in this distrustful cesspool of politics and liaisons that was court, joined her, standing back a bit, giving her liege space. “If it pleases you, my lady, I have dismissed your other attendants for the day. His majesty, the emperor, had given me permission to do so.” “If that’s the case, Phas… you really don’t have to ask if it pleases me.” The captain smirked, stepping to her charge’s side, looking straight ahead as she shot back: “Did you ask the emperor if you were allowed to wear breeches?” Rey sighed, raising her eyebrow as she glanced at her confidante, biting back a smirk as she watched the Amazon-like woman fight back laughter. “Careful, Phas—I could have your head on the chopping block as soon as I become empress.” “God save us from the queen, then.” The two linked arms, now strolling out of view and earshot of the other courtiers. Though there was gossip around court about Rey—as usual, of course—no one dared to whisper about the future queen when she was in the company of the captain, the blonde warrior’s glares famous for silencing the most impudent courtiers. The princess bit back a smile as they passed one of the chattier ladies at court, and she averted her eyes, pretending not to see the breeches, even stepping forward to bow and compliment an imaginary dress. “You are lucky that the emperor loves you so much—they seem to be realizing that to criticize you is to be stepping in line for execution.” Rey laughed at her friend’s musing, squeezing her arm. “Yes, but usually he hopes that my ladies will keep me in line. He doesn’t seem to realize that he frightens even them.” “And so you could get away with murder, if you so choose.” “Speaking of murder…” Rey pulled Phasma into a more private section of the royal garden, dropping her voice. “Have you heard about my betrothal?” She watched her guard start at the question, her brow creasing, both in worry and wonder, especially given how Rey introduced the subject. Still, her answer was measured, carefully constructed, both knowing that certain things had to be left unsaid, unknown, for the sake of reputation and honor. “Only that it is to a duke, my lady. Nothing more, as I imagine that his majesty wants to make a more formal announcement, such as at the feast later this month.” The knight saw her lady’s face crumple for a moment, her mouth opening as if to explain, as if to beg for help, but stopped, eyes narrowing, eyebrow lifting in confusion. There was a din rising up on the other side of the hedge, men shouting, swords clanging, bawdy laughter echoing. The captain found herself stepping in front of the princess, mouth hardening as the clamor grew louder, her tall frame ready to shield her future queen. Suddenly, it was silent again, and Phasma relaxed—for a moment. There was the crash, branches collapsing under the weight of the body that practically flew through the hedge, a stunned squire now laying before the two women, catching his breath before bursting out in laughter. “How did you do that, Ben?” Rey gazed at the squire perplexed, trying to place the name. She knew the man sprawled before her—indeed, he was Poe, the newly minted Lord Dameron, one of the many candidates for her hand, but the name ‘Ben’ was unfamiliar. Then a grinning, unshaven man stepped through the fresh made gap in the greenery, and she found her face coloring, her eyes averting, but question answered. Phasma all but clapped her hands over the eyes of the princess, fury building now at the men, who ignored them still, the stranger pulling Dameron to his feet, their laughter loud, almost overshadowing the fact that they stood, immodestly dressed before her highness, their shirts probably shucked aside in the heat of their spar. She struggled to get her words out, ready to scream at their insolence, but now, now Dameron was nudging his friend, telling him to kneel, and she was turning to the princess and she… She was transfixed on the man before her, hand to her chest, other hand gripping onto Phasma as if to anchor herself, her eyes roving over the new addition to court, as if to try to figure out who he was from his face alone. The captain remained silent now, stunned, watching the princess’s forehead crease, then smooth, a smile peeking out, followed by a giggle, now whooping laughter, the two men before them dumbfounded. “Forgive us, your highness.” Rey’s hand fluttered, mirthful tears flooding her eyes, and Poe wondered if she had gone mad before she straightened up, squaring her shoulders, coughing as she fought to keep laughter from her voice. “Your apology is unnecessary, your grace. I wasn’t aware that we had wandered so close to…” She burst into laughter again, turning now to other man. “And you…you are?” “I… Kylo Ren, your highness.” Poe scoffed beside him, and Kylo threw a glare before quickly returning his eyes to the girl before him. Though she was dressed improperly for her lofty station, he saw her royalty etched into her features, sitting on her brow, at her cheekbones, tugging at the curve of her lips. Manners told him that he was being rude, that he should be fearful, at the very least embarrassed, but he couldn’t stop himself from gaping at the princess, knew that Poe would scold him, that his uncle, who had insisted that he come to court, would admonish him later, but she…She seemed pleased, her face flushing pleasantly and prettily, and he almost wondered if he was the cause, but he ducked his head, trying to force the notion out, knowing that someone like him would not be fitting for someone like her. But then a gentle hand was under his chin, and he felt his face being inspected, the princess’s eyes steady on his face. There was that smile again, and he felt something ache in his chest, a thought slip through his mind, as if in a whisper: oh, to be at her level would be bliss. He quickly pushed it aside, remembering now why he was here. Not for a pretty princess, but to protect the emperor, to preserve the kingdom, to bring honor to himself and his family. But now as she walked away, led by her lady, glancing back and whispering, he wondered if he would see her again. If he could protect her instead. Chapter 3 : Cinque Pas Notes: I make reference to a few Tudor era dances (they are italicized for your convenience) so if you want to look them up to understand a bit more context, that should help! This chapter is a bit longer than I expected, but I'm trying to make up for my lack of updating/I've been sitting on this chapter for a week, planning wise so there's a lot. Hope you enjoy! He couldn’t remember the last time he had been at a feast. Kylo, now Sir Ren, followed the nobleman before him, weaving through the crowd, flanking the man, hand on his sword, ready for a wayward blow. None came of course; these courtiers were too focused on making merry, on dancing, on eating, to even think about attacking the future prince consort. If he had his choice, Kylo would have served the royal family a bit more directly. Despite his family’s unfortunate history and current standing, he still hoped to redeem them somehow, hoped to elevate them and bring them the wealth that his once noble mother and his once able merchant father deserved. Still, he had bit his tongue when he was assigned to his charge, soothing himself with the fact that perhaps he could spend more time with the royals that way. Of course, his mind had actually focused more on spending time with the princess, a thought that he regularly tried to banish from his head. There was something fascinating about the young empress-to-be, and in the many nights since first beholding her, he found himself waking up, thinking that she was standing over him now, her hair undone, clothed only in his shirt, a fragrance catching his nose and opposing the rank smell of the knights’ barracks, a smell sweet and hopefully her, though he’d never know. This was his future mistress, his master’s future wife, and he pushed the thought aside, focusing in vain on his feet as he bowed behind the duke, not to look brazenly up into the princess’s face. “Your highness.” He watched the princess’s head jerk up from its perch on her hand, the maid’s heavy lashes seeming to admit that she was dozing off. Despite the festivities around her, the future queen looked quite lonely, her ladies-in-waiting at a separate table, leaving the royals to dine together in silence and straining smiles. This was a party held in her honor, supposedly—the feast, the party, the celebration’s sheer spectacle to tell the whole kingdom officially of the impending royal marriage. But from the whispers and suspicious looks, the newly appointed bodyguard sensed that it didn’t come as a surprise—if anything, the court actually wished for the princess’s happiness, and found this match seriously lacking. Kylo looked up at her from his bow, bowing a bit deeper now as her grandfather, the Emperor, took notice of his presence. Well, perhaps not his presence—rather, his master’s, his lord, Armitage Hux, Duke of Suffolk, the princess’s betrothed. Despite himself, he found himself appraising the duke, wondering what exactly it was that sealed the emperor’s decision. He was aware that many eligible noblemen had sought her hand, but as far as he could see, Hux ( His Grace, he corrected himself, though warily) was malicious and cold, not someone well-suited to the future queen’s sunshine. Still, he held his tongue, keeping his eyes trained on the back of his master’s heel as he closed in on the head table, the emperor and princess offering him their hands. Glancing up now, he could have sworn that the princess looked uneasy, smile strained as the duke kissed her hand, as the emperor looked on, obviously pleased. “Your Grace.” Rey nodded at the scarlet haired man before her, her eyes peeking behind him, her mouth jumping to a smile before she could stop herself, recognizing the squire—now knight, obviously—who flanked the duke. There was a tug in her stomach, asking her why she was pleased, why she was curious—but of course, there was no answer. She rose, brushing off the surprised emperor as she circled the table, coming to stand before her fiancé, watching the stunned man bow, his guard still kneeling, his eyes having not lifted. “Your highness. It’s an honor to meet you.” He brazenly looked up at her, reviewing her as if she was a new mare to be bred, an action that had her cocking an eyebrow at him. While Rey had never been one to keep with decorum, she had a feeling that it wasn’t for lack of knowing better—no, he believed himself to be superior already, a thought that had her hands curling into fists. Her eyes narrowed, but she forced a smile, malice turning the upturned mouth to a smirk. Oh, how that would change. For now, she smiled at him prettily. “Indeed, I too am honored to meet the lord who shall be my husband.” She watched his mouth give to a smile, then fall as she continued, more so to her grandfather, “Though, it seems, your majesty was only focused on beautiful grandchildren, and not a well-mannered husband for me. Surely, I have not displeased my lord?” She pouted a bit, watching the old man blink in surprise, and now worry, the two powerful men before her internally scrambling. “Your highness.” The calm words made the three nobles look back now, all a bit taken aback as the knight now rose, eyes still downcast. Rey could’ve sworn that there was a simper tugging at the man’s mouth, but still, he pushed on, his words serious, and yet, contrite. “You must forgive my master—he, like most of us, seems to be stunned at your beauty, and perhaps forgot himself for a moment.” Kylo tried to take a breath, tried to keep himself serious, though he wanted to laugh instead. Indeed, he would have preferred to watch his master flounder, the ass, but no, he felt that he would suffer more if the duke suffered even a little. “Is that so, Sir Knight?” He froze, not expecting the emperor to speak, the old man having remained mostly silent. A cautious glance eased him however, the monarch’s eyes being crinkled with amusement, his smile wide as he gestured at his granddaughter. “Perhaps you should dance with the knight instead, dear. He seems to have the manners your dear lord lacks.” Rey wasn’t sure whose shock was more palpable. She decided that it was the duke’s, the poor man stuttering and sputtering himself into a sulk. The knight, on the other hand, only had wide eyes as he bowed to her, offering his hand, looking unsure, but willing. The princess found herself apprehensive as she led the knight now to the floor, watching the guests turn their eyes to the pair, suddenly forgetting their steps, the music fading as she ignored them. They were all trying to remember this new member of court, and she wondered along with them, his name now evading her, though she was so sure he told her once before. She wouldn’t meet her partner’s eyes as she stepped into the room’s center, finally turning to him, her gaze travelling up, inch by inch. He wasn’t handsome, in the traditional sense. She’d never see his likeness in a tapestry, or a painting, artists perhaps smoothing over his nose, erasing his beard and the dark marks on his face, like freckles. She wished to reach up and trace the marks, remembering how her father’s hand had marks like this, how her mother would call it “a royal constellation”, how she’d trace it when worried. Indeed, this seemed like a face that she could grow to worry over, finally meeting his eyes, the knight returning her look steadily, as if he was used to this kind of assessment, as if he was expecting her to reject him, return to her royal companions. Instead, she reached her hand up, fingers gingerly meeting his, though she felt herself falter for a moment, memory going blank. Rey didn’t know why—she had been coached since childhood, remembered her dance master correcting her form, scolding her for her intimate holds, forbidding her from dancing the volt or the gavotte. Yes, now the courtesans stood waiting, ready for her to nod at the violinist, at any one of the musicians, for her to begin dancing, and suddenly, she felt like she couldn’t breathe. As if he sensed this, the knight’s hand curled around hers, his voice was low in her ear: “Your highness, if I may…” He trailed off, her nodding head seemingly prompting him forward, taking the first step, her feet finally remembering themselves now, keeping up and time with her partner. “If I may, sir knight…” Kylo looked down at the royal in his arms, losing her for a moment as they exchanged partners in a promenade, the princess returning to his reach now, “I’ve forgotten your name. What is it?” “My Christian name is Ben Solo, of the Organa-Solos…but here, I go by Kylo, knight of Ren.” She smiled up at him, and his heart panged for a moment at the brightness of it, remembering his fellow squires sigh after a chance to see the princess like this, remembering Poe boasting about the possible chance of being prince consort. But no, it was he who was fortunate to enjoy the luxury of her smile, and it was enough for this moment. Enough to make him forget that he was not her equal, was not even worthy to touch her hand the way he was, that he would not be her husband, but his master’s, that he had a legacy to live down. Enough, he thought, before she was pulled away by the music’s end, by the duke’s hands, now reaching to enclose her other hand. “Did you enjoy your dance, your highness?” Kylo watched the royal’s brow scrunch, then smooth, the smile now gone as she faced Hux. “Yes, your Grace—and I suppose you are forgiven, but only for the sake of Sir Ren.” His master’s face darkened as he pulled her away, leading her off and away, seeming to forget his knight’s duty to follow. Now, he wished he had stayed back, had kept dancing, anything to keep him far away as his master hissed in the princess’s ear, “He’s from a family of traitors—your highness is not safe in his company,” anything to have kept her eyes from meeting his, from the question hanging between them now. Kylo kept back now, slowing his pace until he stood, frozen, amongst the crowd of revelers, attempting to let the noise swallow him alive, hoping for the court to trample him in their merriment, letting the duke rush on, spreading lies, killing chances, tainting the princess. No longer dancing, the knight watched her disappear, fleeing from him and his reputation—fleeing into a world that he would never be a part of. Chapter 4 : Baser Needs “My lady, Sir Ren wishes to speak with you.” Phasma leaned against the door, listening to the quill scratch the paper, the scritch of the pen bringing a scared animal to mind, especially now as her mistress huddled over the letter. The royal’s hand paused for a moment, then resumed moving, the reply quiet, almost indistinguishable above the fire’s crack. “Very well. Let him in.” Rey heard the lady’s clothes shuffle as she bowed and exited, and it was only then did she lean back in her chair, utterly exhausted. It felt as if a century had passed between the feast and now, but no, only a few days, barely a week. Be that as it may, the princess was convinced that she would not—could not—survive another second in the company of her fiancé. She did not want to doubt her grandfather, her liege and guardian, but the duke did not please her, being very strict, very formal, more like a cleric than a lover. Any hint of personality showed when he was being cruel, mostly to his guard, whom he had slandered mercilessly on countless occasions, the knight never flinching, never meeting her eyes, the only movement in the man being that of his teeth, biting his cheek, maybe his tongue, trying to keep calm, stay silent. Rey sighed, settling further in her chair, reviewing what she did know about her fiancé and his guard, that weird duo. Indeed, she knew more about the knight, having cornered Lord Dameron the day after the party, commanding him to tell her everything about his friend, the flabbergasted noble obeying immediately. Yes, this was how she knew that it was his grandfather who led the uprising all those years ago, the Chancellor Anakin Skywalker who was to blame for the death of her parents. His grandmother had attended her as a child, until the revolt, when she died of shock and heartbreak and a rogue arrow through her heart, slain during the attack on the crown prince’s family. His uncle and his mother had always kept low profiles now, especially after the death of their parents. Yes, Ren’s family had practically torn her family apart. Rey shivered now, remembering the duke’s hiss in her ear: “He’s from a family of traitors—your highness is not safe in his company.” She considered the letter before her, her scrawled words asking to have the knight removed from court, begging her grandfather for more protection, possibly a new fiancé. Anything to stay safe. Anything to remove the reminder of the lack of love in her life. She glanced at the letter again, and then away, as if it burned her, information smoldering in her brain, taunting her. She cradled herself for a moment, hands clutching nightgown sleeves, face meeting chest drawn knees, realizing that she did not have the strength, the heart, to banish this descendent of Skywalker. A million reasons screamed in her head, but only two were as clear as the church bells ringing in the distance, harkening midnight. First, and the important one she reasoned: He was not his grandfather. Sir Ren, from what she saw, acted honorably in a thoroughly depraved court. She could have heard tales of his drunken carousing, possibly liaisons with serving wenches and ladies alike—but no, the only tales of that kind was of his master, and they met her ears almost daily now. And the second reason…wasn’t as simple, nor as important, because it was merely her emotions speaking. Still, it soothed her, told her not to fret, that she was safer with this man than the whole kingdom. The memory of his hand over hers still lingered, and she clutched at her fingers now as if to mimic it, shaking her head now, giving up, craving his touch despite herself. Rey swallowed a lump in her throat, straightening up in her chair now, realizing as there was a knock on the door that she was ill-suited to receive a male guest, being only in her nightgown, but it was too late, she didn’t care. “Your highness.” He kept his eyes down, focusing on the rug under the princess’s feet, fidgeting despite himself. The royal and her attendant exchanged a glance and the lady-in-waiting nodded, excusing herself, leaving the two to the silence. Rey cleared her throat, the sound jarring in the air. “Sir Knight, you may speak freely. You have nothing to fear.” The words were stiff, stilted, pushing past her lips, more ceremonial than sincere. Kylo wondered if he was keeping the princess up late, if she slept at all, noticing how drawn her face was, her skin paler than the nightgown she wore. He quickly dropped his eyes to the floor again, resisting his sudden yearning to examine her closer, to see what she looked like underneath the fabric… He coughed, focusing the best he could. “Your highness…” “Please, Ren, just call me Rey.” His eyes met hers, panicked, and she fluttered a hand at him, sulkily resting her chin in her hand, glancing at the fireplace. “It’s simpler when one isn’t caught up in courtly manners and all that rubbish. Besides…” She leveled her gaze at him, sizing him up, pushing herself up out of her chair, wearily approaching him. “Your news is of the personal kind, is it not?” He struggled still, but a quirked royal eyebrow suddenly prompted everything to spill out: “My Lady Rey, the Duke of Suffolk is untrue to you. For the past five nights, he has taken lovers. I am…so sorry, your highness.” Kylo found himself holding his breath, waiting for her tears, watching the future monarch turn away, approaching the hearth. “Thank you, Ren… but I already knew.” She glanced back at him, her hand sliding absentmindedly along the mantle, a tiny smile on her lips. “Court is a nasty place—you only hear things through the gossips, and altogether, it is very rare for someone to be so…straightforward? Honest? Ruthless?” The knight flinched at her words, but she continued with a sigh: “I know that my future lord and husband is unfaithful. Indeed, he broke his prior engagement so to be considered by the king, so I did not expect him to keep a covenant to me.” She glanced at her hands, then up at him, smirking. “I’m sure you’ll find, Sir Knight, that most marriages here at court are unhappy. Only politics. Never love.” “That can’t be true, Rey.” She laughed at his face, so stricken, suddenly afraid that she’d scold him for impudence. Instead, she was before him again, now reaching for his hand, clasping it in her small ones. The princess considered his fingers, musing at his marks, making him flush as she now daintily kissed his palms, brought his hands to her face. “Let me be frank, Ren—you are a favorite of mine…at least, presently. Anything you ask for can be yours—you only need to ask.” Rey saw his curious eyes, practically watched him turn the words over in his head, and she grinned—so new to court, and so transparent. She would make it otherwise, if he was to be her ally in her marriage. “If it pleases my lady…let me guard you instead of the duke.” Her look was sweet and yet mischievous as she now laughed, overjoyed, and Kylo couldn’t remember where he had seen her look before—as an angel, or as a succubus? He glanced down at her again, realizing with a small shudder that he could see her form, silhouetted by the fire’s light. Her smirk was wide as she followed his eyes, leaning closer to him, moving his hands from her chin to her breast, pulling his fingers lower, watching the knight fight his baser instincts, struggling with his duty and his desire. Her words were hot in his ear as she pulled him closer, murmuring, “Did you know, Kylo, that many kings sleep with anyone they please?” He nodded, stricken, trying to focus on anything but the body his hands were exploring, trying to recall that this maid was spoken for, and was more powerful than he’d ever be. He, a man who must never quake in the heat of battle, trembled as the princess pressed a kiss to his neck, nipping at his pulse point. “However, the same goes not for future queens, so I suppose I shall have to resist.” She watched the knight shudder as she stepped away, and she marveled at herself as he took his leave, intoxicated from the encounter. Rey was convinced that she had dreamed it all, that she had nearly lost her head in jealousy, in her envy of Hux and his ability to cavort with women besides her, that she nearly forsook her marital bed for a moment of revenge. She touched her lips now, sitting in bed alone, trying to recall the exact feeling of the knight’s skin under her kisses, musing about the feel of his beard, if it’d be soft or coarse. Still, she smiled despite herself, despite the gnawing guilt, the mortification creeping up the back of her neck as she attempted to sleep, attempted to get the handsome knight out of her mind. In the morning, she would see him again, as well as all the mornings following, surely for the rest of her life. He was no longer a man to fear. Indeed, he proved himself so much more trustworthy than even her future husband, and she needed someone like that at court if she was to survive to be crowned. A smirk alighted on her lips as she drifted off, a thought pinned to her mind. I’d have my noble husband’s head on the chopping block if it allowed me one day with Sir Ren at my side. Chapter 5 : Rise Notes: Extra long chapter to make up for my absence! (I've been busier than I'd like to admit.) He swore that he could go deaf from the crowd’s cheer, from the clashing swords, from the horses’ hooves thundering as their riders urged them on to “glory”. This was the first of many jousts for him, one of many tournaments, Kylo was sure, bringing his helmet’s face guard down, his eyes still trying to take everything in, the sun glinting off of every set of armor, his senses almost overwhelmed by the many colors, many sounds, many wonders that was the spectacle of the emperor’s birthday celebration. If your father saw you, he’d be so proud, Ben. It had been hours since his uncle had murmured that to him, helping his nephew with the cumbersome armor, looking proud himself, looking at his kinsman, loved enough at court to be invited to joust for the king on his birthday. Yes, it had been hours, but the words still pounded in his temples louder than the clamor of horses’ hooves, more powerful than the other whispered phrase of We must talk of your new role, later . My father would be proud. My mother would be honored. Kylo knew this much was true, staring down his next opponent through the helmet’s slit, holding his lance tightly, a dainty handkerchief tied around the end, a favor from the princess, a gesture that both pleased and worried him. Pleased, as the emperor had not argued against his granddaughter’s bestowal, had even encouraged it, and yet worried, because there was that danger to being a favorite, a target drawn onto his back for the day, jealous eyes watching his every move. Indeed, he could feel the future royal consort’s glare from across the field, eyes firmly latched on him, despite the other nobles gossiping around him. Kylo shook his head, clicked his tongue at his horse, finding his place as he waited for the signal to begin, yet again. Hux knew that he shouldn’t be so transparent, that he should find solace in that he only lost his bodyguard, not his place, not his head, but it did not bode well with him, sneer deepening on his lips as his eyes caught the fluttering of the princess’s “favor” on the steel. It should be on his rider’s lance, not this lesser noble’s, not this blood traitor’s. He had expected the emperor to revolt at Rey’s action, expected an outburst, a condemnation of the knight and his family, but no…no. The emperor had softened with time, a fact further confirmed by Ren’s uncle sitting just a few seats away, the other representative of the once rebellious Skywalker family. When he came to court, the duke had been sure that their presence there was only to keep an eye on them, to ensure that there would be no way for the clan to plan a coup. There were still whispers though, whispers that Skywalker was trying to find a new way to the crown, trying to find a new way to influence the royals. Though he still did not know what to feel towards his betrothed (resentment or attraction, indifference or possession), Hux did fear for Rey, feared that there were those who believed that they could influence her, as he once thought. She proved him wrong, going against his slanderous suggestions, taking on a traitor for her bodyguard, just to spite him. If she had wished to admonish him for his infidelities, she had succeeded, raised eyebrow and quirked mouth daring him to question her decision when he was informed, daring him to take another lover, an implication hanging in the air. Oh yes, there was an understanding between them now. He was completely replaceable; she was willing to do just about anything to ensure absolute loyalty, be it political or personal. Hux found himself glancing at her now, her eyes on him already, considering him across the distance separating them. He supposed that he was grateful that she was looking at him, considering him, and not her rider. There was something between them, he was sure, but he also knew that the princess would go along with anything that the emperor commanded, that she would force herself to do whatever was needed by the crown. Even if that was marrying him. For a moment, Hux felt a pit deepen in his stomach, wondered if it was guilt, wondered if it was dread, nearly looking away from his fiancée’s stare. “Your Grace, I trust that you are enjoying yourself?” The Duke of Suffolk did his best to grin at the princess, smiling serenely at him from the Emperor’s right side. There was a smirk shining in her lips, he was sure of it, but still, he choked back his suspicion and forced himself to answer. “Aye, my lady, if you are pleased as well.” He made himself to take a breath as her mouth widened now to an actual simper, hazel eyes looking at him lazily, her gaze shifting past him to the horsemen. “Well, of course. My champion seems to be winning the day for me. Why should I not be pleased?” Rey knew she shouldn’t provoke her fiancé in this way, but she couldn’t help it—since she had stolen his bodyguard, right from under his nose, she couldn’t help herself. Was it a bit tyrannical of her, to tease and prod this man who couldn’t retaliate, knowing full well that she could shame him, banish him, kill him in front of the whole court? Perhaps, but he still needed to learn his place, she mused, settling back, eyes wandering, wanting to find Sir Ren but instead finding her grandfather, her gaze jolting to him in concern as he stood, leaning on the railing before him in anticipation of the commencing joust. He had been unwell as of late, a fact that did not sit well with her. She had attempted to reason with him, attempting to sway him away from the excitement of a tournament, having been told by the physician that his heart was weakening, that one shock could end him—but he was the king, a stubborn one at that, and refused her reason. Rey found herself disquieted even more as she heard the herald’s shout, the trumpet’s blare, jousters lurching forward, her bodyguard racing to victory—she hoped. Kylo could hear the air whizzing through his helmet, his charger’s harsh pants, his blood drumming in his ears. What he didn’t see was his opponent’s lance tilt just so, too high, not low enough to possibly pierce his chest, nick his arm—no. Too high, aimed at his head, and when he did realize, it was too late, and he was being lifted, thrown, flying, forgetting as a scream impaled the air. In the stands, Rey knew not where to look—at her knight, felled by a lance, thrown from his horse, possibly dead, or at her grandfather, who crumpled before her, pale, quiet, no wheeze to even assure her that he lived. She warned me about this. Later, Kylo would wonder why his first thought was that, was focused on the princess. Aye, he would wonder why, as he flew off his steed, his skull burning from the blow, the force breaking skin, he thought of how her lips had curled into a worried smile when she summoned him yesterday, both pleased that her grandfather wanted him to joust, but worried. “The older knights are brutal. They won’t care that this is your first joust, that you are my favorite.” Her fingers had danced nervously across his arm, as if she was struggling to make him tangible, as if she was trying to assure herself that he was still living, that he would still live, no matter the events on the field. He didn’t know if his eyes were shut now, if they were stinging from sweat and blood, for all he could see, in his mind, was how her eyes had burned into his. “Promise me that you will live.” She didn’t ask him to win, and he hadn’t expected her to. Not after the night so many days prior, when she rewarded his honesty with her touch, when he questioned his ability to be honorable. His helmet was being wrenched from his head, and he looked up, expecting to see her now, but instead it was Poe, whose wild eyes made him wonder if he had been his opponent, guilt and fear gripping his friend’s features. No, Rey’s presence manifested in a scream, a long woeful sound, and Kylo knew, from the clamor around him, that it was not for his sake. “How fares the king?” Poe watched the pale lips crack out the question, shaking his head, throwing his gaze from the wounded knight to the royal stands, searching for an answer. He could not deal with a death today, be it of his friend or his liege. Rey felt hands on her, trying to keep her back, keep her away, shield her eyes, but she shook them off. She didn’t care if her dress ripped, if she was considered improper, dropping to her knees, crawling to her king’s side. There was a hand on her arm, and she tried to pull away, looking up now to see Hux’s drawn face as he gently pulled her into his arms, as the royal physician pushed them aside, tried to find a pulse, letting her dissolve into a wail. There was a fear crawling up her spine, pricking her skin, making her grow small in the duke’s arms, a whimper clawing its way out of her mouth, a kiss being dropped on her brow. It was only later, the king tucked his chamber, still breathing, but fighting for every gulp of air, did she wonder about Kylo, her ladies crowding around her as she was rushed to the throne room. She was regent now, but still, she worried, searching for his face in every noble who came forward to kneel, to give their loyalty, to kiss her hand. Hux’s hand was heavy on her shoulder, solemn but strong, and only in this moment did she appreciate her grandfather’s choice—but it did not stop her search. “Your highness…” Her eyes fastened to his face, heart jumping to her throat as she looked upon the face of her guard, scar puckering across his face, an eye swollen for now, his wound running along his right side. She wished they were alone, that she could pull him up, watching him try to kneel on his own, his uncle attempting to help, only to be waved off. Kylo looked up at her the best he could, ignoring the suspicious gaze of the duke, ignoring the anger and shame that burned through him at the sight of Hux in his rightful spot… Rey shuddered, reality setting in as uncle and nephew pledged their allegiance, as there was a murmur beginning to ripple across the grave court: “Long live the queen.” She wished she could scream at them, remind them that her grandfather was not dead, but her eyes found Kylo again, and the cry died in her throat. Instead, she forced herself to nod, forced herself to sit still, her gaze fastened on the man before her. Kylo still lived. That was enough of a blessing for her today. The crown was heavy, but she would manage, because he still lived. Chapter 6 : Security Notes: I meant to update more, then life happened. Hopefully this makes up for it! “How fares the king?” Rey flinched at the question, her eyes sore and heavy but still trained on the sheet she was embroidering. Her chambers were cold, the fire bright, and she thought herself alone until Phasma came to bade her to bed. She inspected the cloth, her needlework delicate on the expense of sheet. It wasn’t quite a sheet, if she was being honest. A shroud. Tears pricked and gathered, but she forced them away with a cough and a swallow. “His majesty is doing his best to regain his strength, your grace.” She still did not lift her eyes, hearing the hollow footsteps of her betrothed coming closer, wondering for a moment which of her attendants had forgotten to announce the lord’s presence, especially now as he stood over her, inspecting her still. Rey wondered why he was here, if her grandfather had sent him, remembering the promise she’d given the old man just days’ prior, a thought that couldn’t be killed. She glanced up at him now, needle pausing for a moment, his silence troubling. “What of your guard, Sir Ren?” The princess let herself chuckle now, her fiancé’s sour look by now expected, but still a bit amusing to her. “If you mean Lord Ren, I assure you that he is also healing, and has been travelling with his uncle, as of late.” Rey could feel her mouth curl into a smirk, especially now as she rose, nonchalantly stepping around Hux, his face redder than his hair as he sputtered: “When did the knight become a lord ?” “Since he fell off that horse jousting for his king’s honor and still continued to serve me faithfully.” The royal could feel her skin pricking with annoyance at the man, and she didn’t seem to realize that she was close to sneering at him, glaring eyes making her face harsh and fierce as she turned to look at him. “He has done so without complaint, without agenda, unlike some members of court.” Ruling did not please Rey. The past month’s experience had her on edge still, her grandfather still bedridden, her life that much more in danger. Kylo had been at her side the moment she left the throne room the night she became regent, and she was sure that he was already weary of her reign. Not because she was too gentle or too harsh in her judgements, but because of how there was a target on her back, in more ways than one, especially at this corrupt court, where nobles still expected the leniency the emperor had shown, expected to be able to bow and break the young royal. She would not yield, a fact was still widely unaccepted, especially by her betrothed. She glowered at him now, gathering the expanse of cloth in her arms, pulling it close to her, as if it was a shield, especially now that she was without her guard. Hux knew that much, and she suspected that he had been the one who “persuaded” Kylo to leave court for a time, to accompany his uncle on a diplomatic mission, to discuss a treaty. Now she was lonely and afraid without her guard, and any gratitude she had felt towards her betrothed curdled into something akin to resentment as she stared at him. There was something helpless in his eyes as he approached her, a softness that she usually did not see in his limbs, especially not when he sat beside her in the throne room, when he spoke for her, hushing ambitious nobles, however hypocritical of him to do so. She allowed her stiff shoulders to relax, allowed him to wrap his arms around her, trying to ignore how guilty she suddenly felt, how she wondered what it would feel if it was her guard’s lips on her forehead, his hand stroking her hair. “I did not wish to upset your highness with my question. I fear for you when you are in his company.” Rey knew that he could feel her question, her suspicion, now as he sighed. “There has been talk around court of your knight and his uncle stirring up rebellion, especially in regards to our emperor’s religion.” She trained her eyes forward, trying to count the stitches in the lord’s shirt, trying to drown out the gossip, trying to bite her tongue before she screamed. “Why the church?” Her words were quiet, and Rey could sense the unease that it brought Hux, now as he cleared his throat, seeming at a loss of words. She nearly accepted the silence, had consoled herself that it was only talk, that there was no weight to the words. That, even if there was truth to it, it was an undeveloped idea, a thought still in infancy. She allowed herself to relax for a moment, stiffening, however, when her fiancé murmured: “The nobles believe that the Lord Skywalker wishes to break your betrothal to me and install his nephew as the new consort…” “ That has nothing to do with the church.” Rey pushed herself away, out of his grasp, struggling to keep her voice low, to keep her voice from carrying to her gossiping ladies, from any noble who dared to be eavesdropping outsider her chambers. She jabbed a finger at him, hissing, “You seem to forget that the Skywalker family has pledged their allegiance to the crown, and up until this heinous gossip, have shown themselves worthy of their station, if not more so. You seem to wish to blame Lord Ren for everything, and I will not allow it. ” “You seem to wish Lord Ren in your bed instead of me, your highness, and as your future husband, I will not allow that .” The words froze her for a moment, as well as Hux, who looked stunned at what he himself just shouted, the air quiet between them for a moment, silencing them. Rey found her hands shaking, her whole frame trembling, wondered how much he knew of her guilt, of how there were some days she wished his statement true. More than that, however, she trembled from anger, at his words, at her situation, almost cursing her grandfather for betrothing her to such a man. There was little space between them, and if she had wanted, Rey could have slapped the impudent man Instead, she turned from him, trying to ignore the fire that roared inside her, begging her to burn him at the stake, reduce him to cinders. “Leave my presence, my lord.” She glanced over her shoulder, taking in his dumbstruck face, her voice soft now, eyes pensive. “I do not wish to quarrel with the man the emperor deemed worthy to have my hand and love.” His retreating footsteps were empty thuds on the stone, and her sigh was heavy and loud in her ears, as she considered her situation, alone again. Rey considered the crumpled shroud she held again, her grip wrinkling the fine cloth, suddenly wishing that it could be hers, wishing that her guard was at court, that he was her to console her, to tell her that the gossip was only a pack of lies. She wished for many things concerning him, and she found herself almost hoping to have the lies be true, if it guaranteed her happiness, if it guaranteed him being back, here, in her company. This wasn’t love. She knew this much to be true. What she had towards the now scarred lord was kinship, a bit of lust, and if she wasn’t so resentful of her grandfather’s choice of groom, she wouldn’t consider him an opponent to her duty. The teardrops were hot on her collarbone as they descended down her cheeks, her head bowed, chin meeting shroud. Things had been much simpler before Lord Ren, and she almost wished him gone, wished him away, just so that she could be dutiful and true. That night, much like the night before, she wept—for her emperor, for her kingdom, for her heart. Rey knew that she had to try to live without her guard, for one day, she’d be queen, not just regent, with more protection than one man could provide. Tonight, like the night before, she considered her grandfather’s wish, uttered to her a week ago, words that made her pale, then flush. “Before I die, I wish to see you married to the Lord Hux. I wish to see this country secure in your hands, and I want you secure in the arms of your husband.” She had shivered then, and she shivered now, knowing that his time was coming, that he’d only insist more, would go so far as having them married by his deathbed by the priest who’d say last rites. She feared her only relative’s death, but she feared this duty more. “Can I not be secure in my happiness, grandfather?” Rey knew the answer to the question in the silence of the castle air, and she knew that royalty never knew what happiness was. She would learn how to make it suit her, if it meant she would survive her reign. Chapter 7 : Knowledge Summary: VITAL NOTE: I realize that there was some confusion about the exact setting of this AU, and as there is a major plot device that requires the setting to be clear, let me put it here. This is technically in A Galaxy, Far Far Away, albeit on a planet where there is more of a Tudor style society/era. That being said, please don't be surprised when the Force shows up. It's very important to the plot, and I admit that I got so caught up in Tudor details that I overlooked that part on my own story outline. I'm so sorry for any confusion, but I hope it doesn't take away from the story. (If anyone asks about the jousting scene and why there are horses in space-- I did look it up to see if horses could actually exist in the Star Wars Universe. They do, surprisingly, so jousting in space=perfectly possible.) Please enjoy! When he came back to court, he hadn’t expected it to be for her wedding. Kylo stood, eyes downcast as various nobles pushed past him to the church, the murmurs swelling into a deafening tumult as he stood guard outside her door, waiting for her. He could feel the weight under his eyes, the dark bruise like shadows under them testifying to his many sleepless nights away from court, spent in another part of the galaxy, at the Senate. The lord had learned many new things from his journey with his uncle, and even now his mind struggled to comprehend them, struggled to make sense of where this information fit into his duty at court. The answer, simply: it didn’t. The knowledge he had acquired could shake the empire to its core, just by its introduction. It troubled him as someone who wished more than anything to stay with tradition, stay loyal, and yet… he was fascinated by the possibilities. He closed his eyes, tried to let his mind wander, but to no avail, his mind wandering back to what the other diplomats, his uncle, had shown him. The Force. Kylo didn’t fully understand it yet, but he swore that he felt it pulsing through his limbs, buzzing in his ears. It terrified him, made him wonder what he was to believe as he watched members of court stream by, catching sight of the chapel’s stained glass depicting past royals, their virtuous and noble deeds. Growing up, he had been told that royals were the closest entities to gods themselves, that they were chosen and therefore special. That was why his family had been punished so, back when his grandfather had attempted to take the throne. So he had been told. Now, there was conflicting information, that the royals weren’t godlike, but more attuned to the Force, more capable of manipulating the world around them. That his family was also Force sensitive, a fact that he was reminded of with every breath now. But, more importantly—his grandfather wasn’t a traitor, but attempting to balance life in the empire. He could possibly live with this information, let it bode quietly, ignore it even, if it hadn’t been for the princess. Kylo let out a breath as the hallway emptied, letting himself sink against the door in thought. Rey shouldn’t be affecting his decision to accept this knowledge or to let it be. Kylo argued with himself on this point again and again, despite his uncle’s urging to tell the royal, to bring the Force into the empire, to change their very way of life. Lord Skywalker seemed to forget the implication that this knowledge carried with it, and being so close to the future empress as he was, Kylo hesitated to even think about telling her, for fear of her rejection. Then he was bid back to court. For her wedding, of all things, and that was when his resolve began to crumble. Among the many things that he had been told, one of them directly concerned the princess, and he could scarcely look her in the face because of it. Kylo could hear her footsteps on the other side of the door and he took a step forward, straightening his frame and smoothing his face, attempting to mask the turmoil within as the door swung open, as her eyes found his from behind her veil. Her lips were red, but he doubted it was from cosmetics, having seen the princess bite her lips as she carried out her duty as regent, taking out her fear and anxiety on her body that way. “You have a beard again.” He couldn’t help but smile at his charge when she blurted the fact out, her wide eyes taking him in, trying to catalogue every little change. Despite himself, Kylo found himself doing the same, noticing that the royal was thinner, her face paler, her eyes dark and a bit wild. He almost couldn’t recognize the girl who stood before him in pants, laughing at his and Poe’s antics, and his heart sank a bit deeper as she returned his gaze, a wistful light in her eyes. “Kylo, I’m getting married today.” Her voice was small, and it nearly echoed in the empty hall, dying before it could reach curious ears. He gave thanks for that, nodding slowly, trying to focus on the moment at hand and not about everything he wished to tell her. About everything that could break her. “The duke is blessed to have you as his bride.” Rey scoffed at his words, looking away, almost ashamed. “I am only a gift to a man by a king I must call grandfather and even god…. I suppose ‘blessed’ is a proper word to use.” Her eyes returned to his, and she lifted her veil, considering him silently, her hands smoothing her dress, as if to busy them, as if to distract them from possibly reaching for his. He knew that he shouldn’t, that they were waiting for her, but he found his hands around hers, his lips pressing a kiss, now two, now three, against her palm. He could feel her shock, her jolt of fire inside, and he cursed the Force for a moment, wishing that he couldn’t feel her emotions, that he could pretend that it was only his heart burning, that it wasn’t mutual. He felt her fingers on his face now, her thumb stroking his cheek. “If only my grandfather hadn’t chosen for me…” He tensed at the mention of her relative, but it escaped notice as she sighed, letting her hand drop with her gaze as Phasma approached, bidding the princess to Come, your lord waits for you. Kylo let himself be left behind, watching Rey become lost in the glow of blue light streaming through the ornate windows. He could feel anger biting at his throat as he spied Hux, standing before the court, about to ascend to a higher station, to a place he would never be allowed to rise. The lord turned now, resolving himself as he walked away, his uncle’s words heavy in his mind: The Force will bring balance to our empire. The emperor knows of it, and that is why our family was punished for attempting to bring this balance years ago. That, and for one other reason… Kylo gazed back now, meeting Rey’s eyes as she looked for his face in the crowd before she turned back to her husband, hands shaking. The lord wondered if she would tremble if she knew the truth about her family, if she knew the truth about herself. Her highness does not belong to the emperor’s line. She belongs to another family, one more attuned to the Force than you’ll ever know. Her grandfather was a dear friend of your grandfather…and when the emperor kidnapped your mistress as a baby…when he slaughtered her family to have a powerful heir one day… your grandfather rose up to avenge his friend, to bring back the balance that was lost. And he failed. Kylo tried to swallow his anger, attempting to control himself as bile stung his throat. His uncle had asked much of him, and even now he was unsure of his ability to go through with it, even if it meant that the empire would be brought into a better age. The only thing pushing him forward, now as he strode through the halls, as he tried to ignore the booming bells ringing in the royal marriage, was perhaps the chance, even if for a moment, of being equal to the princess, of being a favorite, of being her salvation. Even if just for a moment, he’d go through with being his uncle’s pawn. He had to. For the sake of his family. For the sake of his heart. Chapter 8 : Changes “You’re so beautiful, your highness. If only I could call you mine.” She knew that she was asleep, but still, now, Kylo’s fingers traced her palm, slipped down to her wrist, pulled her close to him. She knew that he wasn’t here, that she had gone to sleep last night with her consort in her bed, and not her bodyguard, but for now, in her dream, she said nothing, smiling as the dark haired man leaned into her, tilted her chin up, kissing her forehead, her cheeks, her eyelids, anywhere that he could. She longed for his lips to drift lower, but for now, she contented herself with any kiss from Kylo, even if she had to be dead asleep to receive them. Rey wondered if it was considered improper, immoral to dream of a man besides her husband, but she couldn’t help it. Every night, for the past fortnight, he had come to her in sleep, held her, loved her in a way that Armitage could not—but then always left before daylight broke. The princess wondered if Kylo was able to manipulate dreams, because she was fairly sure that, if it was her mind controlling the dreams, she’d have had filthier fantasies, but it always remained chaste, like her lord. Still, she never mentioned it to her bodyguard, half for fear that he would be confused, if not scandalized; half because perhaps she did fear that he was controlling her dreams, her wishes. Besides, since the wedding, dreams seemed to be her reprieve from life as she knew it, and if she could help it, Rey would do everything in her power to keep them. Even if they didn’t come from Kylo, or did…she craved them all the more. In her dreams, she could be free, unmarried, alone, with only her bodyguard at her side. Her eyes fluttered open as she pulled herself up, out of sleep, the church bells ringing in the early hour. Rey felt the bed shift as Hux’s arms looped around her naked waist, pulled her in against his chest, not seeming to notice or care that her back was to him as he lazily dropped a kiss on her shoulder, now her ear. “Good morning, your highness.” Rey felt her husband’s hands skimming her back, gentle, as if she was a pool of water and he did not want to break the surface. If there was anything that comforted her about her marriage to the duke, it was that he had learned not to push, not to pry. He seemed content that she always welcomed him to her chambers, that he was not being denied or replaced, that she was not sneaking around with her bodyguard. She knew that was his biggest fear, and while there was an angry cinder burning in her still from his previous actions, the princess was growing to appreciate the man, even becoming fond of him, leaning into the embrace a little now. “How fares my lord this morning?” Her tone was soft, and the prince consort leaned in closer, cradling the royal, attempting to ignore her nude form, how her curves beneath the sheets enticed him still, despite taking her several times the night before. “With you in my arms, I am the happiest man in the kingdom.” He quipped, hearing her satisfied hum as she turned to kiss him, holding him tight. She seemed fiercer in her desire for him after the wedding, as if her appetite had been awakened for him, and Hux wasn’t sure if that was a good sign that she looked to him to sate her. There were times that he wondered if she was close to calling out that damn Ren’s name, but it was always “Armitage” that she cooed in the moment, never any other. And perhaps he was paranoid but… If he was being honest with himself, Hux was waiting for his wife’s loyalty to sway, to prove him right about his suspicions, but to no avail. And it pleased but terrified him. He knew he was safe in her favor—for now. After all, her grandfather still breathed, and Hux had done all that he could to keep Ren away from his princess, sensing a change in the knight. He remembered the steady, hard stare the former knight had eyed him with at the wedding feast, how the stare remained when he had glanced at Rey, though there was a kind of sadness, a kind of worry there as well. If Hux was listening to his fears, he’d think that Ren had been told to kill the pair, having seen the older Skywalker lurking about, whispering with his nephew conspiratorially, but in his heart, he knew that wasn’t it. There was something else. It was in the way that Ren—and a number of nobles, now that he laid here, thinking of it—looked at the princess. There was fear present, but also hope, as if she was destined to do or change something. What it could be, he didn’t know. For the time being, he was just suspicious. He didn’t really have a reason to be though. He had the princess—on his arm, in his control. He had the emperor’s blessing, and would surely have some control over the kingdom when the royal patriarch passed. Why did he feel at a disadvantage then? He rolled his eyes at himself, turning his focus back to Rey, who was passing the time kissing at his neck, watching him closely. In moments like this, when it was quiet and just the two of them, Hux wondered if there was a chance of a happy marriage with the princess. If there was love to be had between them. The thought made him grin, and now she was mirror the look, smile wide and bright, giving way to a laugh as he pounced, growling at her playfully. He hovered over her, and she cupped his check, almost affectionately. “If you two keep this up, you’ll have a royal baby in no time.” The comment from the door stopped Hux cold, and in an instant he was shielding Rey’s form from prying eyes as he looked back. Kylo returned his gaze, looking almost bored, if not a bit regretful to having been sent to summon them. “What is it, Kylo?” Hux could hear the princess slipping her nightgown back on so she could stand, curious. The bodyguard did not break his eye contact with the consort, gaze level and solemn, and yet, Hux felt scolded, almost ashamed. Then the knight looked away. “The emperor wishes to speak with you. The doctor…” Kylo cleared his throat, unsure of her reaction. “…the doctor thinks the emperor will die today.” Chapter 9 : Force Notes: I wrote this instead of my philosophy paper,and while I'm probably going to regret this decision in the morning, I hope you enjoy this chapter. She’d never get used to the throne. Rey realized this as she seated herself, wearily looking about the room, trying to imagine herself holding council, receiving dignitaries in these chambers. Instead, all she could see, now, as she closed her eyes, was her monarch’s stricken face, pale but determined. Her shoulders fell, hands gripping the arms of the chair, head bowing in remorse. Her grandfather, the only family she ever really knew, was dying. He was still holding on, Fate showing mercy, despite the doctor’s solemn prediction a week before. She thanked whatever god that was keeping him alive, because even now, as just regent, Rey could feel the burning imprint of the crown on her head, and she sank further in the chair, leaning her head back against the plush cushion. And now, there was another worry, the girl grimacing ruefully as she glanced at her stomach. It was too soon for her to be showing, her monthly course still another week away, but she knew, could feel a pulse of life in her. It terrified her, and she wondered if she was going mad because she swore that she could feel her child’s mind already buzzing, the conscious soul taking root inside her womb. Rey could feel a tear trickling down her cheek, and she leaned into her hand, covering her eyes, shuddering as she tried to calm herself, stay any coming sobs. The exhaustion was taking hold now, and she resisted, knowing that there would be talk if a servant found her on the morrow, asleep in the throne room. She flinched when she heard his voice across the room. “Your highness, you should be in bed.” Her head snapped up, eyes wide but drowsy as she straightened up on the throne. Kylo knew that Rey had probably just come from the emperor’s chambers, that she was exhausted, being bothered by nobles all day when really, she just wanted to be left alone with her grandfather. He felt an ember of annoyance flicker inside as he looked at the royal, her gown rumpled, her hair falling out of her headdress, the brunette tresses pooling around her shoulders. She should have been in bed hours ago, and he found himself blaming Hux for not trying to coax her to bed, from taking over for the day. Then there was a nudge, a realization dawning on him as the Force whispered to him the news that had him curling his hands into fists. Kylo didn’t care how his nails were drawing blood from his calloused palms, the ember now flaring into a fiery wrath. She’s with child, and her husband didn’t spare her from exhaustion. “Armitage doesn’t know.” Her quiet words echoed in the empty throne room, and it wasn’t until she spoke that he realized how far apart they were. Despite his anger, he approached her, feeling an all too familiar fear murmur inside him, asking him questions, wondering how she knew. The Force, you fool. You know that she is strong in it…stronger than she knows. You have to tell her what you know. You have to tell her about her family, about the Force… Kylo shook his head at himself, glancing up at the tired princess who looked back at him, eyes sullen. “How long?” Rey ignored him, turning her face away, and he knew that he was being impertinent, knew that he shouldn’t take it personally that she was carrying another man’s child, especially as his charge, his lady, and the wife of another. “Rey— how long?” She cut her eyes at him, and he realized, a moment too soon, that his voice had become harsh, that he had practically sneered at her. “Four days. Not that it’s any of your business, Ren.” He tensed when she called him that, the disrespectful shortening that her husband used, and for a moment, he wondered if he overestimated her love and care for him. Then her stricken eyes met his, and he realized that the care was still there as the royal cradled herself now, becoming so small before his eyes. “Where have you been?” She watched his mouth open, then close, as if he was rethinking his answer. It didn’t surprise her, not after hearing all the rumors buzzing about court, and she pushed herself up, pulling herself tall. Rey knew that she was exhausted, that her exasperation was making her suspicious, that there was perhaps no reason to be enraged with her bodyguard. However, the lack of him by her side the past month churned a resentful tide inside her, and she couldn’t help but snap at him: “I suppose I should be happy if you’re plotting my death with your uncle.” Kylo recoiled as if slapped, knowing the truth, despite the nobles’ gossip. Never, no matter what, would he ever be persuaded to end her life. He still wasn’t sure if he loved her, but he knew that something was pulling them together, and he was more likely to end his uncle than raise a hand against the princess. If anyone’s death was being plotted, it would be that of her “grandfather.” The knight remembered his uncle’s livid face when he had admitted to staying away from the princess, admitted to telling her nothing of the Force, though he knew that she was becoming more responsive to it with each passing day, their strange connection seeming to spur on her awareness. “It’s not what you think, Rey—I…” She chuckled at him, the bitter sound cutting him short. “What, are you another maid’s lover now?” Rey scoffed in disgust at herself, a tear slipping down her face as she tried to forget a month’s worth of lovesick dreams. She was too hurt, too scared, too angry, to stop herself, words sliding from her throat, voice getting louder with every accusation: “I heard so many stories about you while you were away from court—so many improper, lewd stories. That Ben Organa-Solo—oh wait, my apologies, Lord Ren— was perverse and intent on laying with every woman in his wake.” She jabbed a finger at him, any sense going out of her, jealousy replacing it quickly, her glare fierce. “You are my knight—I urge you to remember that before my husband has you marry some noblewoman to keep you out of scandal.” “Your husband!” In a moment, Kylo’s hands were on her, pulling her close, glowering at him, his hiss making Rey wish to take a step back. Instead, she was rooted in place by his grip, even now as she hit his chest, his arms, tiny fists doing nothing as he continued. “Your husband has laid with more women than I ever have, and you know that, your highness.” She sneered at him still, attempting to break away again. Her gaze jerked to his again as his hand came to her chin, fingers almost pinching her painfully. “You wish to know where I have been, Rey?” Despite her situation, her curiosity pleaded for answers, and she felt herself grudgingly nod, shivering as his lips came to her ear, breath hot against it. “I have not been with another woman, your highness. Nor have I been plotting your death.” His resentful, harsh laugh was punctuated by a shake of his head, almost in disbelief that she would listen to the gossip, like Hux did. He forced himself to loosen his grip, knowing that his anger could unintentionally hurt the royal, who stood before him, afraid but transfixed. “I’ve been keeping you safe—by keeping away. I know of things that could hurt you—things that could kill you, Rey.” His eyes were desperate when she found them in the dim lighting, momentarily distracted now by the church bells knelling in the distance. Her attention came back to him as his lips strayed to her throat, her gasp sharp and unbidden as he nipped and then laved the slight wound with his tongue. She didn’t realize that his name had slipped out through her lips until he groaned and pulled her closer. She wanted him to actually kiss her. Rey knew it was a foolish thing to wish for, but something inside her screamed for resolution, thinking of all the kisses she received in her dreams. She pulled his face to hers, and his lips had just nearly touched hers when he jerked away, gaze no longer on her, now on the floor as he attempted to get control over himself again. “You’re not mine to have.” His whisper was anguished, and she could feel herself a moment away from a sob, but she bit her cheek, hard, struggling to keep herself firm. His hand drifted to her stomach for a moment, pulling away quickly, as if it burned. Agony rolled off him, dripping down his heavy shoulders, his upturned and furrowed brow, and he forced himself to step away. “Your husband is waiting for you.” He paused, and Rey hoped that he would touch her, even if it was a chaste kiss on her hand. Instead he bowed. “Goodnight, your highness.” Rey watched his retreating back, worry creeping up on her with every step he took. The look in his eyes haunted her now—what things did he know that could hurt her? For a moment, she wondered how he knew about the baby, the news being so fresh, and again she thought back to her fear that he could control her dreams. She stood for a moment longer before forcing herself forward, knowing that Hux would question her in the morning if she did not come to bed soon. Hesitantly, Rey glanced back at the throne, thinking for a moment before turning and scurrying down the corridors that separated her from her bed. It was as she laid there, feeling her husband’s arm heavy around her waist, did she decide to pay Lord Skywalker a visit come morning. For now, she tried to sleep, the feel of Kylo’s lips still on her neck, an ache in her heart quieting her unborn child’s whisper. Kylo did not come to her in her dreams that night. Tonight, he stayed away, leaving her alone and crying in the dark. Chapter 10 : Learning There was a darkness drifting over court. Luke could sense it, moving down the corridor, nodding at other nobles. He could hear drips of conversation, lips always loosening when he came near, because no one believed that he could do any harm—he was just an eccentric old man, always carrying scrolls and babbling about a mythical thing. “The princess’s bodyguard has left court again.” “The emperor does not have much time left, but his heir…well, she’s obviously an ill fit for the throne.” Luke’s fist clenched around one of the scrolls, but his face remained smooth and he even smiled at his fellow courtiers. Inside, his soul stormed. Kylo fleeing infuriated him—whatever his personal feelings were, they should not interfere with protecting and informing the future queen. She had so much to learn before she ascended, and at this rate, she would be thrown into power and be overtaken by those who had only the worst intentions in mind. His mind darkened just thinking of the prince consort, and the noble almost wished that he had pushed Kylo to pursue the girl more, to change the course life was seeming to take. There is so much to be done now. Luke mused, attempting to hurry along to the library, to the solitary confines that books and knowledge provided. She needs to know more. She needs to know, or else our kingdom will fall. Despair pricked holes in him as he thought of his own childhood, remembering the Kenobis, growing up alongside Rey’s mother. He remembered the day the messenger came riding to his family’s gates, screaming that the Kenobis were no more, that the only survivor was a newborn, that she had been taken. He remembered seeing the child at court for the first time when she was barely two, and her wide eyes had looked up on him, boring holes into him until he turned and fled, rushing back to his father, Anakin, begging him to do something. Kylo was almost old enough to hold his own sword, but he didn’t remember anything of that bloody time, and Luke closed his eyes, gritting his teeth as the Force pushed against him, enraged waves of memories almost forcing him down and… “Lord Skywalker.” He froze, turning to the gentle voice, wondering how he hadn’t sensed her, hadn’t seen her as he passed by the doorway she now stepped out of. She was dressed in black, and he noticed that the material was looser than before, as if she was hiding something, perhaps a weapon, but surely a secret. Rey cautiously approached the old man, eyes never leaving him, as if afraid of the noble turning and running—or worse, lashing out and harming her and the babe. Her arms absentmindedly wrapped themselves around her middle, cradling the thought, the fear. She forced a smile, wishing that he would avert his gaze, his gaze showering her with pity. “Do you…do you have a moment? It’s about Kylo. I…I fear for him.” That was true, in a sense—she was worried for him, knowing that he deserted court after their talk. Hux had raged about the knight’s behavior that morning, silencing only after she had quietly interjected that he had royal permission to leave. Not so, but Rey hoped that his absence would allow her time to focus on her new role, to answer the new questions sticking to her like pins. The old man stared at her wearily, and she wondered if he would be able to answer her questions as she stepped towards him, lowering her voice. “Luke, I’m afraid. Kylo…said that he knows things that could kill me.” Her voice was thickening with tears, confusion and dread hammering at her skull as she watched his face soften. She prayed that he’d have answers, for her sake. For her child’s. She bit her lip, staying tears as Luke clasped her hands in his, almost fatherly. “Kylo is mistaken—he knows things that will help you live.” “What?” Rey could barely breath, question escaping her lips with a hoarse whisper. Luke patted her hands, smiled at her still. “Follow me.” The hallway to the library was an unfamiliar one, and Rey found herself hesitating, wondering if she was being wise. As if he knew this, Luke would look back and coax her on, tired smile always reaching his eyes, unlike her grandfather. “Your grandfather is an interesting man.” She started at this, flushing as they came to a pause, her eyes fixed on the noble’s hands as he unlocked a door, waving her to follow him. It was a small room a bit off of the library, a sanctuary of sorts, with a table to study at, where Luke now set his scrolls down, a private collection of books to pore over. Her eyes took in the stack of books, the dying fire that lord now poked at, trying to bring it back. “He was very powerful. You’d have been proud to know him.” “Lord Skywalker, I don’t understand…” Rey quickly shut her mouth as the old man’s eyes locked onto hers, grave, but sad. “I think you do understand, your highness. You know the truth, deep down…you know.” The royal trembled, averting her gaze as she forced herself to dig deep into her memories. Yes, she had always known. She wasn’t a Palpatine. She wasn’t sure which family line belonged to her, but she knew, since she had come to court after her “parents” died… she didn’t belong. Her eyes closed, remembering the flaxen hair the woman she called mother had loved to brush, the bright blue eyes of her “father.” She had passed so many portraits of the fair Palpatines, heard too many whispers from the servants to even entertain the idea that she was with her real family. But… “The emperor is the only family I know.” Her tone scared her—so resigned, even a bit resentful. She met Luke’s eyes, and sighed. “Knowing where I come from…now, at this point… it would do me no good. No harm…but no good either.” Luke chuckled at her, shaking his head sadly. “On the contrary—your family is what will keep you alive.” He turned back to the table, glancing through his pile of scrolls, plucking one up now. Rey watched him smooth the document out, and she hesitated as he beckoned her to step up to the table. Her curiosity pushed her forward, her heart screaming for her to move. Upon first glance, it was only a family portrait, the regal posing making her shrink back. She didn’t belong there either—at least, she thought, looking back into the drawn face of the women. Her gasp was inaudible, her hand flying to her mouth to muffle any sound. She saw herself there, in the eyes, the cheekbones, the smile. Her family. Etched below the figures was the family name, and she took it in greedily, like a starved peasant being presented a banquet. Kenobi. She knew that Luke’s eyes had not left her face, that he looked almost pleased, his hand settling on top of hers. “You are still royalty, your highness. Your dynasty is just a different one. A more powerful one.” Rey’s eyes flickered to him, lips tight, though her eyes danced, begging him to continue. “Powerful how?” She watched the old man smile, and for a moment, she doubted him, wondered what he knew, what Kylo knew, why one wanted to tell her everything and the other, nothing. The noble leaned in and she found herself leaning now as well, hoping to catch a secret. “Your family has always been powerful with the Force.” Luke watched her recoil, the disbelief darkening her brow. “The Force is just a myth…a fairytale. Something you tell children to make them believe that magical things can happen.” Rey shuddered, a black feeling settling into her stomach as she glanced away, unable to look at the severe look on Skywalker’s face. “If it is only a myth, then why is your family gone? Why were you taken away from them?” She paused, tried to think of a reason. There wasn’t one, and it made her skin crawl all the more, thinking back to the man withering away in the royal bedchambers. “He wanted to control you.” Rey was so aware of Luke’s harsh whispers, thinking back to how her “grandfather” would keep her at a distance, how he would keep her away from the Skywalker clan, only allowing her to socialize with members of court that he approved. “Palpatine has never been one with the Force—but he always wanted power. When you were born, your family displayed their one moment of weakness—and it was their end. Palpatine and his troop rose up, and swept through the kingdom like a plague.” He could see the royal shake with tears, how her skin had paled, but he pushed on. “Palpatine’s heir was barren, and so you were spared. He was only interested in controlling you.” Rey hiccupped, biting her lips and trying to silence her sobs, how she gulped for air. “Why did they die then?” She could remember the little cupboard that she had hidden in, how she overcame her fear of the dark, of spiders, fearing the violence happening on the other side of the tiny door, how the sounds of carnage had pounded themselves into her head. How her “parents” had begged for mercy, but found none in the unrelenting swords. “My father…Kylo’s grandfather…tried to rise up, tried to restore balance to the Force. He failed, and my family has suffered for it—but not like you have, your highness.” She could tell that the old man was truly sorrowful, that he wished that there was a different story to tell. He clutched her hands now, and she nearly jerked away, his gaze holding her in place. “Let me teach you the ways of the Force. The kingdom can thrive again, and you can be happy. You can be free of the emperor’s control. You don’t have to be a pawn anymore—not after he is dead.” Rey yanked her hands away, as if the conspiracy burned her, reviled her. In the next moment, she found herself hurtling down the hall, tears streaming down her face, the little room’s door thrown ajar in her haste, in her disgust. Luke watched her go, almost afraid, almost hopeful. Something would happen. Until then, the dark mood hanging above their heads remained aloft. Chapter 11 : Loss Notes: Warning: This chapter includes emotional descriptions of miscarriage. I did not graphically describe the physical details; however, I want to be sure that everyone is still comfortable, as the subject is emotionally draining and challenging. Tags are being added based on this, and I do not wish to offend/discomfort anyone. If you have concerns, feel free to message me and express them. Thank you for reading-- I really appreciate it, and put you all first. The bedchamber’s door was heavier than she remembered. Rey slipped into her bed, not undressing, her eyes focused on the fireplace, how night had fallen at some point, the flames casting long shadows on her sheets, on the ceiling. She was grateful that Hux was gone, away with his hunting party. He wouldn’t bother her tonight. There was blood on her hands. And between her legs. The awareness was slowly coming to her, the understanding of what had happened. Her dress grew heavier with the passing seconds, and now, with her tears. The baby was gone. Gone from shock, gone by one malicious act of the Force—and she hadn’t had the chance to stop it. To stop him. She tasted blood in her mouth and she gasped, not realizing that she had bit her cheek, trying to muffle her angry cry. The emperor—he had done this. He was the source of all of her pain. Her thoughts went from hot to cold, from anger to sorrow, thinking of the baby. As a royal, she supposed that she was lucky. It had been an early miscarriage…only a week or two along. She hadn’t even begun to show. (But she had felt it, the little presence, and that killed her a little more.) There had been no formal announcement, and besides herself, only two people had known. As a royal, she should be grateful. As a woman, she was devastated. I never even thought what to name her. A sob bubbled up now, and she grit her teeth at the new fact. It would have been a girl. Oh, gods. A multitude of dreams had been dashed that day, and she cursed herself for even daring to seek Luke’s knowledge. She cursed herself again as her mind flashed, reminding her of another mistake—going to see the emperor. Indeed, that mistake was far worse than her first offense, for she knew that she would have learned sooner or later. But Rey trembled now, trying to force her focus on the tapestry over the fireplace, counting the stitching, trying to rid her mind of what she had attempted to do. The princess had tried to kill the king. A remnant of that rage tugged at her heart, and she clenched her fists, nails digging into and tearing at her skin, begging her to keep calm as another crop of fiery tears collected. The recent memories, silent minutes of the hour before, picked at her defense and bombarded her. She had stood at his bedside, studying his face, the wrinkles reminding her of a candle that should have been wasted years ago. Before now, she had visited him dutifully, as his granddaughter. Now she stood, a stranger, an outsider, looking down on a king. Wrath purred at her, curling in her chest, eyes falling on an extra pillow. It would be simple to suffocate the sleeping man. She’d merely have to pluck the pillow up, hold it down, over his face, push it down if he resisted and thrashed… She found her hands had drifted over the pillow, the short distance between the fine material and her palm enticing. Rey had forced her hands down, smoothing her dress despite the screaming in her head. He killed your childhood. He killed your family. He killed your mother. He killed your future. Her hands clutched at her head, fingers lacing through her hair. The Force—this had to be the Force, this thrum of power, this rage, and she resisted, afraid as it tried to push at her. This wasn’t right—this wasn’t the kind voice that had nudged her awake when the baby had been conceived, not the helpful power that Luke had spoken of. Luke was wrong, Rey realized, staring fearfully at the prone man. Palpatine was one with the Force—it rolled of off him in waves now, dark malice sweeping towards her. She tried to scream, but only silence rang in her ears. Something had broken in her then, and she stiffened now, remembering. She had been alerted by the heavy dampness seeping into her skirts, and she cried out, pulled a hand away, her skin practically soaked in blood. Now tucked in her bed, Rey gasped, her cries more of a bereft howl, the rueful sound echoing against the stone walls. Her child, that little possibility of life, was gone. No…taken. She seethed, hands knotting themselves into her sheets. Palpatine had taken her child away, just as he had taken her away. There was pounding on her door, and she could hear Phasma calling for her, dread dripping from her voice. Rey pushed her pain aside, throwing her blankets off and striding to the door. “My husband must not learn of this.” Her lady in waiting looked shaken, seeing her royal charge drenched in blood, her face pale and almost gaunt, eyes dark as she stared, holding the door open. There was a challenge sitting on the princess’s frame and so the noblewoman simply nodded. As Phasma drew her a bath, Rey sat and considered her form, bloodstained as it was, her hand crumpling into a fist. The emperor had never known loss—somehow she would change that. Her sorrow would come back, yes—but for now, she needed strength. She met Phasma’s eyes and quietly smiled, despite her anguish. Yes, she needed strength. She had a feeling that it would come from the Force. “Summon Lord Ren back to court.” Phasma glanced at her lady as she waded into the water, back to the blonde, demeanor steely and almost terrifying. “Inform him that his services are needed here.” They exchanged a glance, dark eyes meeting blue, and the noblewoman was almost taken aback by the admiration washing over her. “For the good of the kingdom, I will do as my majesty has commanded.” Rey smiled as she heard the words, her eyes trained on the tub’s details as Phasma began to brush her hair. The noblewoman’s response and its significance was not lost on her, not even as they fell into silence. With those words, Rey found a confidante, a former subject to the king—a subject of her own. With the Force, I will be queen. She settled back, closing her eyes as she tried to drown her grief, even if for just a moment. Chapter 12 : Long Live Hux stared sullenly across the table at his wife, her gaze focused on the papers before her. Her food had been pushed aside—or perhaps, more accurately, sent away, a waving hand sending the serving wench back to the kitchen with the royal plate. Rey’s face was pale and thinner than he remembered, trying to recall what could have changed since he had come back from his hunt a week prior. The consort tried to shrug off the sting he felt from her lack of attention, but he couldn’t help it. She wasn’t accepting him into her bed as of late. At first, he had been enraged, even a bit worried, since this change had coincided with Lord Ren coming back to court. But by and by, with every passing night, her ladies assured him that her royal highness was sleeping alone, or working alone, late into the night. Though Hux would find Ren at Rey’s side during the day, there was no room for impropriety, the hulking man simply shadowing the tiny regent in her duties, in her meetings, tired eyes meeting the consort’s, a weary nod seeming to confirm that there was no need to suspect an affair. For a moment, the consort had almost pitied the bodyguard, the man’s pale face and dark eyes trying to hide an ache. There had been some rejection, some understanding that the knight and his lady had come to, and Hux suspected that it was not enough for one of them. He heard them arguing whenever he passed her study, their words hushed but tone clear, the guard doggedly following his mistress out, her lips pinched in a thin line as she bid him to fetch his uncle. There was no time for love for the regent, a fact that turned Hux cold as he remembered that that applied to him too. For the moment, both men were in the same lurch—pining after this girl who seemed to be pushing them away, trying to focus. From her looks, her limited smiles, her husband knew that it wasn’t one of her monthly moods. No, there was something more, a heaviness sitting on her frame, even during her leisure time. Hux sighed, pushing himself up, his footsteps almost hollow on the stone floor, approaching the preoccupied royal. She flinched when she felt him at her elbow, face instantly impassive as he brought her hand to his lips, eyes searching for a reaction. She expected him to recoil with a scoff, to throw a fit, to accuse her of being untrue. She expected to have him explode, to have to call Kylo to restrain him so she could leave, so she could lock herself up in her study once more. Her hand tightened around her quill as she steeled herself, almost welcoming an impending outburst. Anything to momentarily forget the guilt, the pity, she felt for her husband, her eyes falling to her stomach, flat again, any evidence of her short pregnancy gone. A glance up to Hux’s face, and it dawned on Rey that he had seen her look, his eyes instantly dipping to her middle. Her color drained with the dread of it. “Rey…darling…a baby?” Her heart squeezed at the excited tremor of his voice, and she caught his hand before he could touch her stomach, eyes holding his. Rey watched him falter, trying to make sense of her downturned mouth in his confusion. “She was not ready for this world. She was taken from us.” He knew that she tried to make her words icy, but her voice broke, and crumpled, her hand setting the pen down. Hux could hear her bodyguard shift position outside of the dining room’s doors, as if he sensed his charge’s displeasure, and for a moment he was annoyed. Had Ren known? Was the little brat his? Another glance at his wife and he regretted the thought as she tearfully shook her head. “She would have been yours. She would have been ours.” Rey shakily let out a breath, biting her lip, trying to rein in the tears, willing herself to keep from choking up. “What happened?” She felt a flash of anger at his question, as if he had accused her of purposefully losing the pregnancy, and she sensed Kylo stiffen in the hallway with her emotional burst. He could sense her frustration, their bond having been strengthened over the past few days with Luke’s guidance, something that Kylo fully resented. Better to have him hate me than to love me. Rey knew that Luke would echo this sentiment, though she was still unsure how much she should trust the old man. She sensed good in him, of course, but there was a hard glint of ambition there as well, and any savvy courtier knew how to tell a lie or two. But Skywalker’s motives were for another time, her attention returning to her husband. Rey opened her mouth, then thought better of it. There was too much to explain—too much that Hux would not believe, no matter how true it was. She considered a second longer, expression morose as she returned his gaze. “The emperor… was violent against me.” His eyes widened, but she pushed on, trying to separate truth from the slight fiction she was telling. “I visited him while you were gone. He was awake that day, and I was so grateful and I went to embrace him…” Tears dropped on her lap, but she couldn’t feel them slipping down her face, voice becoming a bit hoarse. “But then he grabbed me and screamed at me that I was not his grandchild, that I was a bastard, unfit for the throne... I was so afraid, Armie.” She could sense her husband instantly soften at the pet name, his arms enfolding her with pity as she cried, both at her loss and her lack of conscience now as she told this half-truth. A year ago, she would not have dreamed of being this manipulative, this bold. For this thought, she regarded herself coldly, a grim reminder pushing at her mind. A year ago, I was unmarried and ignorant. A year ago, I did not know of the Force—or of Kylo. She only considered the thought briefly, finding Hux pulling her up, mouth against her ear. “The emperor hurt you? He hurt our child?” At her silence, he shook her impatiently, her teeth clattering at the force of it. Rey numbly nodded, her head bobbling frantically as she trembled, suddenly afraid in his arms, sensing his thoughts darkening to a pitch. In the next moment, she found herself on the floor, not realizing that she had been leaning on her husband, that he had pushed her away and was now striding to the door, the heavy wood slamming against the wall as he threw it open. “Your highness...!” Rey was looking up into her guard’s eyes, and she dazedly wondered what was happening, where her husband was going, Kylo’s panicked face more focused on her. “Did he hurt you?” At those words, she bolted up, clutching onto him as her gaze wildly landed beyond him, down the hall, onto the dark figure stalking away. “Armitage—stop Armitage.” She gulped for a breath, wide eyes seeking out Kylo, hands pushing him up and away as the words clawed through the dread in her throat. “Please, Kylo, please—he’s going to kill the emperor!” Despite his teaching of the Force, despite her knowledge of the old man’s evil, despite everything between them screaming to let the emperor die, Kylo forced himself up, sprinting after the royal consort. Rey’s desperate voice was still in his ears, and he wondered if she was trying to urge him faster with the Force. He knew that it wouldn’t matter, forcing himself to slow, the energy before him foreboding. A few paces away, the royal bedchamber’s door was ajar and he hung back, footsteps emerging from the darkened room. The violence was done, Hux stepping into the hallway’s faint light, cold glare alighting on the knight. Kylo could hear Rey’s screams in the distance now, realization crashing down around her. Hux smiled coldly, dropping the blood and spittle stained pillow he had just held over the emperor’s face to the floor as he continued to stare, his lack of remorse twisting the smile into a small chuckle at his rival’s aghast face. There were suddenly armored men surrounding them, and Kylo could only suppose that Rey had called for them, blankly watching some flood into the bedchamber, still others forcing Hux to his knees. The red-haired consort glanced to the knight again, smiling still despite his arms being restrained behind him. “Long live the queen.” With those words, Hux was hauled off and Kylo stood alone, wondering what this now meant for the kingdom. The tyrant was dead, the royal consort responsible for the murder. When he returned to the dining room, Rey sat, frozen and pale, surrounded by her ladies. Phasma’s face was grim, and she looked to the knight for confirmation, for some direction with which they were to go. He brushed past her, prostrating himself at the royal’s feet, knowing that her eyes burned with tears and a silent fear. Their eyes met, and there was a rush of information, of sentiments, things that would have to go unsaid for the time being. Rey trembled as she offered Kylo her hand, his lips gentle, his voice low. “Long live the queen.” Chapter 13 : Decisions, Decisions Notes: It didn't turn out the way that I wanted it to...but it is done, and after so long, I will take joy in that. Enjoy! The heavy ebony door reverberated on its hinges Rey let it slam behind her, allowing her gulp for breath shake her frame, shuddering as she felt a tear escape her eyes. Outside, in the hall, in the castle, in the streets, thousands of people, servants and commoners alike, prepared for her coronation. Today had only been a funeral of the late emperor, the final step before her crowning in three days’ time. Her feet ached, as did her sides, her corset tight and restricting, and she longed for a loose dress, for her breeches of yesteryear. But it had been worth it—the rich dress, the pinching shoes, the uncomfortable funeral garb befitting the royal wearing it. The people loved her. Rey knew this, had felt the admiration rolling from the crowd as she followed the casket, the procession somber as it trailed through the streets, the funeral march long and winding. They didn’t question her husband missing from her side: they knew what he had done, the news spreading quickly throughout the kingdom. They did not question her insistence on walking alone in the procession, that she walked instead of riding a horse with her guards, that she was not joined by her ladies in waiting. She knew that she had to appear humble, solemn, that, despite the tragedy playing out in her life and before the watching eyes of the kingdom, she was still concerned with the people. That she still was willing to put herself on the level of the commoners, that she wasn’t worried about status and power, like her grandfather was. As she had walked, Rey embraced her loneliness, welcoming the quiet shield she put between herself and the world around her. In that pocket of space, she observed and was observed, her privacy compromised…and yet not. Surrounded by her people, no one asked her of her mourning. They didn’t dare, knowing that she had lost two men, the differences between how she lost them jarring but still worthy of grief. She did not think of Palpatine, the traitor, the murderer of her family, though she had trailed after his coffin and sobbed, as was expected. If she mourned, she did so for her husband, and it was from guilt, not grief. She tried not to think of Hux’s petitioning, his pleading to be freed, his confusion at how his wife seemingly abandoned him. He didn’t seem to understand: she had to. No one wanted to be ruled by a murderer. Rey lifted her hands, examined them, the creases in her skin, the folding of her fingers. She knew that nothing was there, the signet ring yet to grace her finger, the spilt blood of her predecessor never tarnishing her nails. But she knew what she did, and it was for that did Hux find himself suspended between freedom and captivity, between social death and physical life. She had yet to pardon him, and though her gaze swept to her desk, though she allowed herself to sit behind it and size up the growing stack of cries for mercy, she didn’t think that she could do it. Her hands acted of their own accord, plucking up a page of correspondence, eyes settling over the familiar sloping cursive, the plea desperate but attempting love. Hux probably believed that she didn’t read any of his letters. She read every one, until the ink ran, until the folds collapsed in on themselves. This one, she had scrawled something on, late at night, a circle swooping around a word of interest. Her revelation, an answer. There was a knock at the door, one that she didn’t acknowledge aloud, tossing a greeting and a bidding to her guest via the Force. There were more important things to do than to answer the door. It was only Lord Ren, there to discuss various security details, to take note of any threats, of anyone who’d be bold enough to try to assassinate her come coronation day. Her eyes didn’t lift from her stack, hands smoothing the letter again as Kylo was admitted into the room. Rey glanced at him sunnily, her smile disconcerting in this grim time, but the lord supposed that he was grateful that her brow was smooth, that there wasn’t any worry sitting on her frame. “Do you suppose the church will allow a divorce?” Her question stopped him short, a brow raising. Kylo wasn’t sure how to respond, watching his charge spring up from her chair, crossing to him, peering up into his face with a smirk, not really caring for an answer, just a reply. “If that is what your majesty wishes, I’m sure they will oblige.” His level voice was disappointing to her, lips pouting, as if she hoped for excitement, or celebration, and her tutting teasingly at him annoyed him. It reminded him that deep within, he was grateful, even hopeful, at the news, that perhaps more change would come to the kingdom with this development. That he may finally get close to his queen without a scandal hanging over them. That she may finally be able to love him back. It was a stupid hope, one that he would acknowledge, his eyes wary on the girl, her small frame skillfully masking her cunning, her ability. They both knew what she had done. They both knew that Hux, when he had suffocated the king, strangling the old man with his bare hands, a pillow providing the finishing touch, he had not acted on his own volition, that, even if she didn’t mean to, his wife had influenced him. Had pushed him too far over an edge. Kylo was terrified of his monarch, yes—but he couldn’t deny the titillation that still rushed through him in her presence, the ache to possess her, to call her his. He didn’t—and wouldn’t—deny the want to be by her side. Before, when she was innocent, unmarred by knowledge of man’s darker side, of the Force, of her history, his love was purer—only infatuation, if he was being honest. Now, it was not lust that fueled his affection, but loyalty, having had her stand by his side and defend and elevate him, giving him the honor he felt that would complete him. Watching her now, pacing before him, her eyes flickering to him every so often, as if to catalog his appearance, as if to assure herself that she was not dreaming, he knew that he needed her. Only her—and then he would be complete, a whole man and not a shell seeking glory. “That is the hope… but most likely not the reality.” Her words were self-conscious, even a little fretful, the lord watching the monarch nibbling at her lip with thought, considering what had to be done. The church, despite its support throughout the years, was a fickle creature, forbidding divorces, demanding fidelity even when it was sometimes not the monarchs’ to give. In her case, Rey knew that there would be a battle, for Palpatine had let himself be under the pope’s thumb, thus gaining religious favor. Her marriage to Hux had been in part thanks to the pope, Snoke, who had known Hux’s father before his appointment to the religious station and thus had swayed the emperor to approve it. The church was a root of her marriage to Hux… And she was about to try and undo it. “What will happen to his grace, the duke? I suppose that, if divorce is on the table, and not death, he will walk free?” Rey’s shoulders tensed, and she snapped her chin up, offering Kylo a bitter smile to complement his disdainful frown, as if the very idea left a sour taste in his mouth. “Would you rather have him beheaded—for me to say the word and be done with it?” She chuckled despite herself, rolling her eyes as she leaned against her desk. “If you want him gone so quickly, Kylo, you should at least first admit that you want him gone.” “What do my words matter? He was as good as dead when he murdered a man for you.” His response was sharp, and she pulled herself short, wondering why the jab, if he was attempting to hold her accountable, if he was accusing her of being heartless. Perhaps she was, fear creeping up and whispering confirmation in her ear, the future queen frozen in her spot as her knight stared back, stunned, as if he had just slapped her, as if he hadn’t expected the words to drop from his lips. She glanced down and away, at her desk, at the papers again, wondering if she should reconsider as the man turned away, as if to leave. “No matter what my decision, no matter what I’ve done…I need you, Kylo.” He stared at the door, his feet anchored as he willed his gaze to follow the carved wood, biting the inside of his cheek until his teeth broke flesh, his blood acrid in his mouth. He could hear her feet soft on the floor, her mind brushing against his cautiously, trying to read him before her arms wrapped around him, her embrace soft, easily breakable—but he knew that he was not strong enough to remove her grip. Strong enough to survive a jousting wound, to defend her from any wayward blow—but not enough to remove these silk and satin sheathed arms. Rey could feel his hesitation, and thus loosened her hold, looking up at him as he turned back to her, face unreadable as he inspected her. She hoped that she was deemed worthy, holding her breath as his gaze swept over her lips, as he leaned forward, the touch gentle but warm. The church would bring complications to her life, yes—but she would take it, the royal decided, sighing into the kiss, relishing in the assurance that fueled it. She didn’t have to fear her husband intruding. Soon, she wouldn’t fear a husband at all, unless she wanted one. And perhaps she did—but only if it could be Kylo. Only him.