To Catch a Mouse Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) To Catch a Mouse Roth Pollard was racing against time. His ship was being pushed to its limits, but he felt that it was not going fast enough. His nervousness radiated from him and his entire crew could feel it. He kept checking their course as they were getting ready to come out of hyperspace into Tatooine air space. They had some stolen cargo from the First Order that made his entire crew nervous, but Roth Pollard was afraid of someone else who happened to be a fierce bounty hunter hot on his heels. He barely dodged her this last time, but he silently prayed that if he could make it to his destination then she would leave him alone. “We are officially in the Arkanis Sector on approach to Tatooine. Turning off the hyper drive now.” One of Roth’s pilots pushed the hyper drive lever forward as they came out of hyperspace. The desert planet came into full view with the blotchy nude and brown tones, of the planet surface, comforting Roth and his crew. Roth quickly got on the ships holo communicator, “Victor, we have the cargo but we are coming in hot.” Victor Eros appeared on the communicator, “For your sake, you better lose whoever is tailing you.” Roth turned off the communicator as they got ready to descend into Mos Espa. They landed with a thud and his crew immediately went to work getting the cargo secured for transport off of the ship while Roth rushed to the landing ramp. Stepping outside, he surveyed the area and looked up in the sky to see if his pursuer was around, but he didn’t see anything. There was a docking bay computer he checked to see if any other ships came in to land and so far his was the only one logged for the day. Closing his eyes, Roth took a deep breath of relief feeling that lady luck was on his side and he avoided trouble for once in his crazy life. One of the crew members set down his load, “Oy! Pollard! Where are we loading this?” He looked stressed and pissed at the uneasiness that seemed to have all of them in a chokehold. Pollard pointed to the far east side of the landing bay, “Make sure you cover up the load after ya’ll are done. Victor will be here soon.” He lent a helping hand, taking inventory as they unloaded their cache compliments of the First Order. The unloading process finally came to a standstill and Roth slowly counted each cargo box. He already had a bounty hunter chasing him; he didn’t need Victor Eros chasing him too. The landing bay doors opened right on cue as Victor strolled in with his crew. As the Mob Boss, Victor Eros had gone from an underground street rat to effectively taking over Tatooine as his reign extended over Mos Espa and Mos Eisley. There was constant chaos ever since the Hutt mob family fell into shambles many decades ago and different factions of gangs kept fighting each other in order to fill the void left behind from Jabba’s death. Victor effectively figured out how to form alliances and relationships with the different factions to calm down the fighting because it was “bad for business”. Slowly as he moved up in the leadership, many of the leaders of the different factions were turning up dead and suddenly Victor had a large faction all to himself that continued to absorb territories across Tatooine. Now nobody can enter or leave Tatooine without Victor knowing it. Roth Pollard swallowed nervously as he walked up to the mob boss, “Hey, Victor. I didn’t think you would take a risk and show up in person.” Victor Eros was messing with a blade in his hand, the sunlight reflecting off of its sharp edges, “I’m disappointed in you Pollard. You said this would be a quick in and out with no one being the wiser until you were out of there.” Trying to not look scared in front of his crew, Roth squared his shoulders, “Look, I don’t know what happened. It was like they knew we were coming. At first it seemed too easy to get in their warehouse, but then we realized it was an ambush. We barely made it out with what is left of us and the stash we were able to get our hands on!” “So you don’t even have all of it?” The question hung thick in the air before Victor repeated himself, “You do or you don’t, Pollard.” Roth shifted in his boots, “No, we couldn’t possibly get all of it.” Victor had a scornful look on his face, “So you risk the operation we have going on here by allowing the possibility of the First Order knocking on our door?” One of Roth’s crewmembers scoffed, “We all know how you operate. You get your kicks off by killing people who don’t make their deliveries. So what were we supposed to do? Tell you we got it next time, boss?” Roth walked up to him and grabbed him, “Think smart and shut up, will ya?” Turning around, he could see Victor was still wearing that scornful look and was probably thinking about killing him. Roth walked up to Victor hoping to smooth the situation out, “What would you have me do? I can try to get the rest of it at a later time…” There was a female chuckle followed with a slow clap behind Victor Eros and it made Roth Pollard go pale. “I know that laugh. Did you betray me to Illyana?” Victor rolled his eyes, “You got yourself in this mess chump. If I have to sacrifice you to save what we have going on here, then so be it.” He stepped out of the way as the bounty hunter, Illyana Ruana, stepped forward in her shiny brown boots. Illyana’s auburn hair was in a long French braid that slung itself over her left shoulder like a snake, but her piercing ice blue eyes is what struck fear in her prey. Her blaster pistol was snug in its holster against her right thigh and she wore a pant suit that matched how blue her eyes were. “Nice to see you again, Pollard.” Roth was in pure disbelief, “How did you get here? I didn’t see anything on the manifests about a ship coming in.” Illyana walked over to the unloaded cargo, “Roth, you amuse me. I’ve been sitting here for three days waiting for you. Unfortunately you are too predictable and I knew you would be running back to your master as fast as hyperspace could carry you. So why would I waste my time chasing you when I knew exactly where you were going?” Illyana whistled and Storm troopers from the First Order filled the landing bay and arrested Roth and his crew. Roth started shouting profanities at Victor while Illyana started opening cargo boxes to check the contents. They were filled with First Order weapons. Smiling, Illyana signaled at Victors men, “Help the First Order reload their valuables onto Pollards ship. We leave with the prisoners and the cargo as soon as they are loaded.” Everyone got to work re-loading the ship after the prisoners were secured. Illyana strolled over to Victor, who seemed to be in a sour mood, “Awe, why the sad face?” Victor just rolled his eyes, “You got what you came for. A deal is a deal.” Smirking, Illyana leaned against a threshold, “Like I promised, I won’t implicate you in the involvement of Pollard, but I will only throw you this bone once. Trying to steal from the First Order was just plain stupid, Victor and I expected more caution from you.” “I don’t need a lecture from someone who sells themselves to the highest bidder.” Victor started to dig dirt from under his finger nail with his blade. Illyana left her parting words before walking away, “In the end we all sell ourselves to the highest bidder. I would expect you of all people to understand that.” ***** Illyana had stayed behind on Pollard’s ship instead of going with her escort. She liked to hand deliver her catch for it added a more dramatic flair and she didn’t trust that Pollard would go easily without her to usher him along. Once they were in hyperspace, Illyana went into the cargo bay that held the weapons and the prisoners. Many of them didn’t even look up at her, not that she even cared, but Roth Pollard did and he looked pissed. Roth sat up straight, “Coming to gloat over us?” Illyana had someone help her stand Roth up before her. She looked him up and down, “Not so tough now…” Suddenly her fist connected with his jaw and sent some blood with a tooth flying the other direction. Satisfied, Illyana started to walk away while rubbing her fist and heard Roth yell, “I took care of you, bitch! I brought you in!” Pausing, Illyana slowly turned as she felt the quiet rage within her swirl. She narrowed her eye, “Yes you brought me in and I thanked you tenfold. Yes you took care of me and I did the same for you. Yet you and your crew betrayed me in the worst possible way. You reduced me to that of a slave. So I don’t give a damn what you did for me, anymore.” Some of the crew members shifted uncomfortably as Roth and Illyana were locked onto each other’s eyes. Neither one of them flinched until Illyana continued, “Do my screams haunt you?” Roth Pollard shook his head, “It was a long time ago.” Illyana moved fast towards Roth before grabbing a fist full of his hair and pressing her mouth by his ear, “Funny how that works when you were not on the receiving end of it. I pray you suffer at the hands of the First Order you swine!” Illyana spat at his feet before leaving to find a bunk bed to try to get some much needed rest, but she found that she couldn’t close her eyes. Her thoughts were running around in a million different directions. She felt that she should be relaxed now that they were bringing Pollard and his crew back, but maybe she was still on the high of capturing them. Deciding to move around, she headed back up to the cockpit. She could never get over how the stars looked when she eyed them from the viewport. Sitting down in the co-pilots seat, Illyana looked over to the pilot, “How are we doing?” “We are on course to Mustafar.” Illyana frowned, “I have never been to Mustafar… I thought we were going to rendezvous on a Star Destroyer.” The pilot continued to mess with the controls, “New coordinates sent to us from General Hux to bring Pollard there.” “Interesting…” Illyana did not like being kept in the dark, but ever since the incidents leading up to the StarKiller Base being destroyed, the First Order has been very careful about what information went where and Illyana knew she was no different to scrutiny especially since she was a bounty hunter. She had no real place within the Order and she was not bothered by that. She never felt like she belonged anywhere or to anyone. She was her own keeper and this was how she made a living. Bounty Hunting really picked up when the First Order needed to round up traitors and she was happy to apply to be a part of their Point Guard bounty program. This meant bounty hunters within the program got first dibs before they looked for other ways to extract people. If the First Order puts a bounty out, Illyana knew that it was big game and not typical space junkies running from their debts. She felt her eyes become heavy and she decided to try to go get some sleep. Heading back to the bunks, she looked for one that seemed the most comfortable before finally succumbing to a deep slumber… A dark cloak wrapped around her body and Illyana hugged it tight around her as if to hide. There was a glow in the distance and Illyana slowly walked towards it not knowing why. She felt claustrophobic as the darkness around her inched closer to her with each step she took towards the faint glow. Finally the glow grew brighter and it was a menacing red glow that made Illyana hesitate for a second, but there was an aura that beckoned to her; pulled her toward it. The chaotic energy that surrounded her whipped her cloak violently and she tightened her grip to keep it from leaving her. A man, clad in black, was on his knees suffering and in pain. He was punching himself in the sides and growling. His black hair whipped around his face in a chaotic frenzy. Illyana wanted to somehow comfort him from the chaos and she reached out to touch him. Sensing her presence, he looked up at her with yellow fire in his eyes and black veins etched across his face, GET OUT! Feeling the wind knocked out of her, she flew backwards in a vortex out of her subconscious. Illyana immediately opened her eyes, panting, and pouring sweat. The blanket was twisted around her body as she tried to orient herself on where she was. The soft purring of the ship reminded her of her mission and sighed in relief, “What a crazy dream.” The hyper drive made a noise signaling the ship was back in a normal travelling pace and Illyana looked out of the window to see they were approaching Mustafar. It was time to get this over with. ***** Illyana Ruana cleaned the sweat off of her brow and made sure she was presentable for her “debut”. She chuckled at the thought, but thinking about hear first actual meeting with General Hux made her excited and nervous at the same time. Finally a chance to show off her skill so that maybe she would be THE bounty hunter for the First Order or maybe a form of promotion that would get her in good standing with the leadership. However, she had no blood from the old Empire and knew that hurt her reputation but surely her efforts would get her somewhere. Her drunk of a father made her mother run away and eventually Illyana took her own cue and got the hell out herself after realizing she would be stuck taking care of him. What Roth Pollard yelled at her partly rang true. When she left her home, she worked odd jobs until she bumped into Roth at an old salvage site. The two of them hit it off and formed a partnership where they were more or less independent smugglers that went from faction to faction to make the most of their business. Money was good, but as their business grew, so did their crew. Before she realized it, Illyana had slowly become alienated from Roth as he was bending his ear to other people and getting himself into financially rough spots. This worried her up until the unthinkable happened when she was betrayed by him and she knew that she could never forgive him for it. True, she learned a lot of her craft and skills from her time with him, but she was nobody’s property; she only belonged to herself. After escaping from the crime lord she was sold to, she started over, became friends with a bounty hunter, and worked hard to get an established reputation to where if someone knew she was coming for them, they knew she would get them and anyone who employed her got results. The rest is history. The landing ramp lowered and Illyana watched as Pollard’s crew was unloaded first. Roth was being escorted, but Illyana stopped the troopers, “He’s mine.” She noticed how swollen his jaw had become and the look of hatred in his eyes as the storm troopers waited at the end of the ramp for Illyana and Roth. Before taking her prisoner, Illyana got behind Roth with her blaster pistol drawn, “I’ve been waiting to do this for a long time. Most of the time what I do is just business, but chasing you was definitely personal. Now move it.” Roth headed down the ramp in front of her and Illyana had her breath taken away by the vast hangar they walked into. She knew the First Order had a lot of bases, but this one was massive. I can’t imagine how big Starkiller must have been… General Hux was accompanied by Captain Phasma as they met Roth and Illyana halfway. General Hux looked Pollard over making sure he memorized every detail, “So this is the famous Roth Pollard in the flesh. Did you really think you could take weapons from me?” Roth tried to be smart, “If I had known I was taking from your stash, I would have thought twice.” “Don’t try to get cheeky with me.” General Hux said with annoyance. “Anything you take from the First Order belongs to me and Supreme Leader Snoke. Either way we got what was ours back and you have smuggled for the last time, Pollard. Take the prisoner away.” Roth was forcefully pushed by his prison escort leaving Illyana, Captain Phasma, and General Hux to meet. Illyana put her blaster in her holder before extending her right hand, “It is pleasure to meet you General.” General Hux took her hand, “The pleasure is mine, Illyana Ruana. It is rare to see such a beautiful creature take on such a sullied job.” Illyana shifted uncomfortably as she noticed the General had not let go of her hand yet, “Er… thank you. I don’t see why a woman can’t do the same types of jobs a man can do. Captain Phasma here is a great inspiration for me.” Captain Phasma cocked her head, “Thank you.” General Hux let go of her hand and continued to smile, “You have done us a great service and if we need you again, we will send for you.” Illyana had a sickening feeling as General Hux and Captain Phasma started to walk away, “Wait, that’s it? I bring back the one guy who has constantly been stealing from you and I get just a pat on the back?” The General stopped to turn around and look at her, “Oh don’t worry, the money will be transferred to you.” General Hux private thoughts invaded Illyana’s mind: I could pay you more for other things in my private quarters… “Excuse me?” Illyana asked. She had a look of disgust and confusion on her face. General Hux repeated himself, “The money will be transferred to you.” Illyana crossed her arm, “No the other thing you said.” General Hux walked briskly back to Illyana, “Are you mad, girl? You have your money and I did not say anything else. Now walk away!” Illyana was not sure what was happening, but she had to try, “With all due respect, I would be more useful if I was in close range to you. If you need someone on the hunt immediately, I can do that for you. We were able to plan the ambush together, but think about not having to waste that much manpower next time when I can be the one to intercept them.” Captain Phasma joined the conversation, “General, she has a point and we have plenty of room to accommodate new personnel.” “I have a small crew. They won’t get in the way, I promise.” Illyana responded. General Hux seemed to think on this for a bit, “Fine. Captain Phasma escort Miss Ruana into the base and make sure she gets her proper clearance.” “Yes sir. Follow me.” Captain Phasma escorted Illyana into the Mustafar Base. ***** Illyana couldn’t believe she had her own quarters on a First Order base. She practically did the happy dance when she was left alone in her room. A droid had come by with her clearance and instructions about what areas she was allowed and not allowed to go to. She was even given a direct number to Captain Phasma who unofficially became her new boss. Leaning back into her chair, Illyana thought back to what she thought she heard from General Hux. It sounded clear as day to me as if I was standing next to him. It made her uneasy knowing that this was not the first time that this has happened. It only happened when she felt anxious or scared and started searching for answers and people would just look at her crazy when she would respond to something that they seemingly never said. It makes no damn sense… To top it off, she started having crazy dreams of darkness closing in on her and now she saw a man in them, but last night he talked to her. She didn’t know what to make of all of it, but for now she was going to allow herself to be actually be happy and celebrate. Walking out of her quarters, she wanted to ask around and figure out where someone could get a drink on base. It seemed like the base just felt dead where she was. “I guess I’ll just keep going down this hallway until I run into something.” Her boots echoed in the cold hallway and a weird feeling overcame her as she kept walking. I felt this sensation before in my dream earlier… Like a robot, she kept walking towards it until she rounded the hallway to a blast door. She swiped her card and the reader blinked red at her: no access. “Well this sucks.” Illyana turned to walk away but the blast doors opened behind her and time seemed to slow down when she saw who appeared behind her. A man clad in black with a tattered cape and a menacing mask loomed over her and for the first time, in a long time, Illyana was afraid and the energy coming from this man made her want to run, which was her exact reaction. She felt like her feet were failing her as she tried to run away and suddenly she couldn’t move anymore: she was suspended from the floor and paralyzed. The masked man, clad in black, walked around to face Illyana and she couldn’t help but ask, “Who are you?” His right hand was held up, keeping Illyana from moving, “I am Kylo Ren. I sensed your presence on base Illyana Ruana. Tell me how you, a bounty hunter, secured clearance on my base.” Illyana was scared, nervous and could feel a pressure entering her head. She closed her eyes to figure out what was going on and felt coldness sifting through her mind, “I don’t know what you are doing, but please stop! I have clearance from General Hux to be here!” Kylo Ren released her and she kept her balance as she landed on her feet. He looked her over again and Illyana hated that she couldn’t see his face. In fact she felt like a piece of meat the way he stalked around her, “If you don’t mind, I’m going back to my room.” “Stop.” Kylo Ren demanded, but Illyana kept walking. She could feel his eyes boring into her back but she wanted to get away as fast as she could and she eventually got to the blast doors that led to the barracks where her room was. Swiping her card as fast as she could, the card reader would not let her through, “Oh come on! Now is not the time!” She kept swiping, but nothing was happening. She turned around and Kylo Ren was behind her eliciting a gasp from her. “Don’t ever think you can run away from me.” Kylo Ren moved his hands and the blast doors opened behind Illyana. She swallowed nervously, “Noted. Question… do you know where I can get a drink around here?” If she could see Kylo Ren’s face, she would have seen him roll his eyes before he turned away to leave her. Illyana let go of the breath she had been holding as she watched his retreating form head down the hallway away from her. ***** Roth Pollard was strapped to a chair in an interrogation room and he didn’t understand why. The cold room made him want to cringe at the thought of what happened to other occupants of this same room. He couldn’t help but notice some scarring along the walls and when he ran his hands over the arm rest he was restrained to, he could feel deep grooves from scratches. A chill went down his spine when Kylo Ren entered the room fully clad in his dark mask. “Roth Pollard…” His mechanical voice boomed in the room. “How do you like the room? It is a personal favorite of mine. Darth Vader used this very room to torture Jedi and those who resisted the will of the Empire. I’m sure he had to deal with scum like you who tried to steal from him as well. So the question becomes, what do we do with a thief?” Roth had to think of a way to get out of this situation fast, “Look I know you are pissed and I would be to in your situation, but this was not my idea.” Kylo chuckled, “I highly doubt that.” “No really! There is a mob boss on Tatooine by the name of Victor Eros and he makes a lot of money off of selling weapons on the black market and any weapon from the First Order is a hot buy. He wants equity and a lot of capital! So it was his idea to pay smugglers to get their hands on your stuff.” Kylo clasped his hands behind his back, “So naturally you wanted to have the biggest stash to cash in on this Victor’s greed, correct?” Roth was sweating from how nervous he was, “Of course, I’m a smuggler.” Standing over Roth and raising his right hand, Kylo cocked his head before saying, “My father was a smuggler and I really hate smugglers.” He used the force to immediately push into Roth Pollards head and Roth was twitching in his seat. Through his grunting, Roth managed to say, “I’ve told you everything, I swear!” Kylo kept searching and was surprised to find Illyana’s face show up in many of Roth’s memories. He pushed further and saw she used to work for Roth Pollard as a smuggler and this interested him greatly. Roth felt this was his shot to throw Illyana under the bus, “She only… cares about… herself… Bitch…” Kylo Ren chuckled as he released Roth from his hold, “I’m not worried about her. You happen to know every major mob boss that is relevant to us and I want everything on them.” Roth got really nervous, “Hey I have a reputation to keep and the last thing I need is to be a wanted man by every mob boss in the universe.” Kylo Ren went into a rage and Roth Pollard paled from fear, “Your reputation is nothing compared to the power of the force and what makes you think you will even walk out of this room alive?!” Immediately he pushed back into Roth’s mind and he made sure it was painful this time as he extracted information. Outside of the interrogation room, one of the guards could hear the screaming and he shifted uncomfortably, “Glad I’m not that guy.” The other guard agreed. ***** Illyana sighed after finishing her first drink. The bar on base was not bad and she was hitting it off with a lot of the off duty male and females. It was nice to see everyone without their helmets on and the social atmosphere was electric with the music playing in the background. “They spared no expense on this base, didn’t they?” Illyana asked a girl named PR-18. She smiled, “Yeah it’s not too bad. I’ve been on smaller bases that didn’t even have this on it.” Illyana got her second drink, “Well so far on my first day on base and I bumped into the Kylo Ren and I ran like a scared mouse.” PR-18 snorted, “Oh my God, you did not?!” The two women were just chuckling at the image. PR-18 continued, “You know, I don’t think anyone has seen him without a mask except maybe one of the Captains and of course General Hux.” “That’s crazy! How are we supposed to know if he is hot or not?” Illyana asked with a smile. They clinked their drinks together in agreement and took another sip before she continued, “So are you allowed to get drunk here?” PR-18 shook her head, “I’m on shift tomorrow so I do not want a hangover!” Illyana nodded her head, “I understand that. We should get together again soon. I like you!” “I concur! I’m off again at the end of the week. Same time?” PR-18 asked. “Absolutely!” Illyana finished off her drink before heading back. As she started heading down the corridor she felt a presence in her mind and at first she thought it was the alcohol until she heard his voice: I know your connection to Pollard. Illyana’s auburn hair whipped around her as tried to find the source of where that came from. It was silent again except for heavy footsteps when a couple of guards rounded the corner and stopped in front of Illyana. “Kylo Ren requests that we deliver you to him immediately.” Illyana went willingly wondering what this could be about. I knew him from my past that is it. Kylo Ren responded, I can feel your anger towards him radiating from you freely. I felt it when we first came here and it was… intoxicating. Illyana was nervous and stayed quiet, not sure what to expect. The guards got to a door and it opened before they could knock. She could see Roth Pollard passed out and Kylo Ren standing behind him. Walking into the room, Illyana could hear the “whoosh” from the door closing behind her and wishing she didn’t have that second drink. Kylo Ren waved his hand over Roth, “Wake up Pollard, we have a guest.” Roth woke up startled and confused to see Illyana in the room with them, “Here to take another punch at me?” Illyana scoffed, “Oh it was a little punch wasn’t it?” Kylo Ren was grinning behind his mask at the display of anger before him. Today was going to get very interesting. Notes: Author’s Notes: Hey everyone! This is my first fan fic on this site and I’m excited for the responses I already have on it. If any of you followed me on the other fan fic sites, yes this is the same person. I am transferring this story over and I’m currently doing a full re-write on it. There were just a lot of things to the plot that didn’t make sense and/or I just didn’t like. So I’m taking my time to deliver a good story as I work out the kinks. Yes, this story will have lots of smut in it as well as graphic violence and language! You have been warned!! Chapter 2 : Interrogation Kylo Ren loved a good interrogation. The fear he could illicit out of a person was music to his ears and cracking their mind open was like reading a good book. He would flip through the pages of their memories and pause when a memory stuck out and grabbed his attention. Pollard’s mind was like a juicy kaleidoscope of different flavors. As he poured through his mind, making sure Roth Pollard felt the tearing of his invasion, a certain memory stood out as he saw her: Illyana Ruana. Illyana was very young in this memory, but those icy blue eyes and auburn hair was unmistakable. She had a softness to her and Kylo could tell she was very naïve to the world when she first met Roth. Young Illyana: I need to get away from here and I’m willing to work hard to earn my place. Roth: What could I possibly do with a child? Young Illyana: (flared temper) I am not a child! Roth: (scoffed)How old are you? 16? Where are your parents? Young Illyana just cast her eyes down to the ground and shifted uncomfortably. Roth knew that look all too well. Roth: (sighed) Look, you can come on board, BUT I am officially your boss. That means no coddling or free passes, got it? Young Illyana had a grin from ear to ear as she grabbed her small bag with everything she owned packed neatly in it. Kylo Ren let go of Roth’s mind at the conclusion of this memory and Roth was breathing heavily, trembling, while he stayed restrained to his chair. “Please… stop…” he continued to plead this request as Kylo paced the room. Kylo squat to meet Roth eye to eye and his voice crackled through his mask, “You speak with such malice towards her, yet you hang onto these nice memories of her. Why is that? What are you hiding?” Roth felt like throwing up from all the pain, “Why do you care? What does she have to do with this?” He tried to read his face, but Kylo’s mask only gave a hard, emotionless, metal expression. Kylo Ren scoffed at the idea of explaining himself to this smuggler. He was another void sucking precious air around him, but Kylo had made a connection through the force. It was faint at first, but it kept growing as this presence came closer to him. When he would meditate, he would watch from a distance as this glow in the darkness continued to evade him. It was weak at first, but as time went on it got stronger and stronger, but the unexpected happen; the glow came towards him one night and then he saw her. She was cloaked in darkness as if trying to hide, but her icy blue eyes cut through him like a knife and it not only intrigued him, but actually worried him because he did not know who she was or what her purpose was for being there. GET OUT! He had yelled at the unwanted apparition thinking that would be the end of another distraction, but then he had felt her presence again, this time in the present; he had seen her with his own eyes. Kylo mused at how she tried to run away from him and the fear that flashed through her eyes, but he knew he had startled her and he was not about to let her run without establishing his power around her. In truth, she was more in tune with the Force than the girl even realized and Kylo was willing to exploit it in order to see how powerful she truly was and she was so full of anger that Kylo could taste it around her. The Illyana Ruana he sees now has been hardened and has an edge to her. That softness is long gone and the naïve girl she once was left a long time ago. Kylo stood up and walked behind Roth, “What are you hiding from me, Roth? I will find it.” Roth’s lips trembled, “You are a monster… Just let me rot in a cell… anything but this invasion in my head.” Kylo grabbed his head with his right hand, “Last chance.” Roth started sobbing uncontrollably and was babbling, but Kylo could feel him trembling under his hand. Without prompting, he used this emotional breakdown to pull forward the memory he wanted to see. It was several years after Illyana first joined Roth and she had filled out to be a beautiful woman. However, in this memory, her hair was disheveled and that softness was fading. Her icy blue eyes were red and rimmed with tears and there was a look of disbelief in her eyes. Illyana: Roth… is it true? Roth: (looking at the ground) Look I have to think about the greater good of the crew and we need the money. Illyana: (after punching Roth in the chest) so you just make this sick deal behind my back?! You throw me to the wolves without even a discussion or giving me a choice?! Roth: (holding Illyana’s wrists) we all have to earn our keep and take care of each other. Illyana: (spits in Roth’s face) Fuck you! You are a monster… I’ll never forgive you for this! One of Roth’s crew members grabbed Illyana and she starts kicking and screaming, pleading for Roth to do something. More members grab her by her hair, arms and legs and took her off the ship. Kylo Ren released his hold and Roth slumped in his chair, passed out from the pain. Kylo took a deep breath and lost himself in the Force to reach out to her. It was easier than he thought and he could feel her walking to him. Finally the door opened and her presence was absolutely intoxicating to him that he forgot to breathe for a second. Remembering where he was, he woke up Roth, “Wake up Pollard, we have a guest.” Roth woke up startled and confused to see Illyana in the room with them, “Here to take another punch at me?” Illyana scoffed, “Oh it was a little punch wasn’t it?” Kylo could cut the tension with his light saber, “Tell me what Roth did to you, Illyana.” Illyana immediately had to hold back her emotions. She swallowed them back into the deep crevices of her mind because she would not allow herself to lose it front of Roth, “I refuse to let this man hurt me anymore.” Kylo reached out to feed off her hurt and pain, “Give in to your anger…” Illyana didn’t realize her hands were trembling as her rage was inching forward. She was teetering on the edge from trying to stay calm and then giving in to her deepest darkest desires. She wanted to sink her nails into Roth’s face and claw away that smug smile he would always wear in her memories. She wanted to take her blaster pistol and put holes in ever part of his flesh for what he allowed to happen to her, but she did not want to give in. “I don’t understand why you need to know.” Expecting to get some form of resistance, Kylo pushed some more slowly dipping into the edge of her mind. “You hid on your ship while you let them take advantage of me…” Illyana finally whispered. Roth closed his eyes as if trying to keep a wall up between them and that angered Illyana even more. Her face was red hot as she yelled at him, “YOU don’t get to pretend it never happened by closing your fucking eyes! I have to relive it when I go to sleep at night. I trusted you. You were my friend and I… well you stood by and let it happen. Hell, you were the one who arranged it because you couldn’t handle your money!” Kylo Ren awakened the memory within Illyana and pulled it forward in order to see it, but most importantly he wanted Roth to experience it. He had his right hand pulling the memory forward and his left hand over Roth Pollard’s eyes. The pain, hurt, and anger was overwhelming as it filled Kylo’s mind, but he willed Illyana to show the memory and it finally reared its ugly head. Roth was behind on shipments and ultimately he was in debt from gambling, drinking, and paying for sex. His crew was thinking of mutiny because they weren’t getting paid, but Illyana campaigned for him to try to keep everyone together. She cared for him and his business, but that ultimately put her in a bad light with the crew as they wondered about getting rid of her too. Rumors abounded that she was maybe even in love with him, but Kylo knew from Illyana’s emotions she was never in love with Roth in that sense, but loved him like a sibling or a best friend would. Ultimately, Roth would betray that bond and made a secret deal with one of the mob bosses that was about to put a bounty on his head in order to get their money back and this deal would, in turn, keep his head in the clear. That deal was at the expense of Illyana’s virtue and emotional well being by selling her as if she was property to barter with. Illyana’s memory was vivid and repulsive at what happened to her as she fought against the crew that betrayed her. The pain from how they dragged her was immense, but that was nothing compared to what was awaiting her. She was tossed into the arms of another group of men and they took her behind a tall stack of crates and unloaded cargo as she was taken, kicking and screaming, into a small maintenance room. They said horrible things to her while calling her a whore and comparing her to property. Her clothes were torn from her as they groped and beat her. As her clothes were in tattered pieces around the room, her arms were pinned above her as one of the men took his leather belt and started to beat her across her back until her skin started to break. Illyana started to withdraw into herself as the pain became too much and she knew what was to happen. They raped her one by one, but she became so numb to it that when they were finally finished and left, she didn’t know how long she laid there absolutely broken. She felt shame and anger for what happened and started to wonder what she did wrong to deserve this from the man that she admired and adored. The betrayal broke her spirit and she couldn’t even cry anymore for she felt completely exhausted from it. Then anger started to wrap itself like a cloak around her and she found a voice inside telling her to get up. This resolve filled her with renewed strength as she stood up with a stone cold face but you could see the rage in her eyes. Several chunks of her hair strands had been torn and her back stung from the exposed wounds. The ache from the tears in her lower region throbbed and she reached down to check. When her hand came back up, her fingers had fresh blood on them. Two of the men came back to collect her and shackled her wrists. She began to wonder if they would clothe her, but that didn’t happen as the chain pulled on her and she was taken out of the maintenance room. She looked to see Pollard shaking hands with a tall blonde man and turned to get on his ship. He didn’t even spare a glance at her. The blonde man came strolling over to look over his prize. His grey eyes roamed over every inch of her and frowned. “I didn’t say to damage her. Now I have to wait for her to heal a bit.” Illyana spat at him and he just smirked as he wiped the saliva off. He continued, “Maybe we got off to a wrong start. My name is Victor Eros and I’m Pollards boss. My men here have been chasing your guy for a long time because he owes me a lot of money. The only thing that saved him was you and your fine ass there. As long as you’re good to me, I’m good to you. That’s how this works.” Tears were streaming down her face as she watched Pollard’s ship leave the landing area, sealing her fate with this violent crime lord… Illyana felt released from her mind and all those emotions she kept suppressed came out when she charged at Roth and started to punch him into oblivion. Roth’s head kept bouncing off the back of the chair after every punch met his face one by one until Illyana felt exhausted. She grabbed his throat and explained through clenched teeth, “You deserve to die, you coward!” She had imagined over and over again what she would do if she ever got too actually make Roth suffer. It was a comforting thought to blast him into pieces and she had her blaster pistol out and pointed at him as she sat astride his lap. Her hand was trembling as she looked at the resolve in Roth’s face and it surprised her; he truly wanted to die. It actually felt too easy to take his life. Changing her mind, she climbed off of him and put her blaster away, “No… I refuse to give you what you want.” Kylo was grinning behind his mask as Roth became desperate. He pleaded for release from Illyana, “I can’t live with myself and you have shown me that. I’m so sorry, Illyana… please don’t leave me like this.” Illyana scowled in disgust at him, “I don’t know why I waste my time and thoughts on you. You are pathetic.” She turned around and walked out of the room hearing the screams of mercy behind her, but she ignored it. She made a resolution to herself to never dwell on that man again. In a sense, that Interrogation room allowed her to be born renewed and there was an overwhelming sense of relief that she could finally let go of the man who betrayed her. The pain and scars would forever be there, but he didn’t have to be. Illyana realized she wasn’t alone and turned around to see Kylo Ren had followed her out and she had a suspicion that he had probably heard her thoughts, “I don’t suppose you hear this, but thank you. I actually need that.” The statement caught Kylo Ren off guard; she had thanked him. He stepped up closer to her and the move caught Illyana off guard herself. There was this awkward tension between the two of them and she wished so badly that she could see his face and read his mind. Mindlessly she reached up to touch his mask and whispered, “Have you been the one haunting my dreams at night?” Kylo could feel the connection between the two of them was strong and electric. Even with his mask on, he felt her eyes could see straight through it into him. He wanted nothing more than to touch her, but then he started to feel uncomfortable with these feelings. Kylo Ren grabbed her hand and pulled it away. He walked away briskly trying to get away from her and the effect she was starting to have over him. He didn’t like the distraction. He was the darkness and he would not let her get under his skin. Besides he needed to report to Supreme Leader Snoke his new find. She proved in the interrogation room that she had untapped potential to the Force and her rage ignited a darkness that could be wielded to create another Force user to their cause. Unfortunately he ran into General Hux and he did not need that right now. He tried to get around him, but Hux annoying voice cut at him, “Kylo Ren! I need to see you at once.” There was nothing more pleasing to Kylo Ren than to imagine choking the life out of the General. He slowly turned around to face the General, “I am busy at the moment.” General Hux rolled his eyes, “Oh yes with your new toy in the interrogation room. Well while you have been playing, the rest of us have been hard at work trying to get the next wave of attack on the Resistance in order. I need to have a conference with you and Supreme Leader Snoke to go over some of the fine details.” “Well what a coincidence, Hux. I was on my way to see Snoke as well.” Kylo Ren sneered. If looks could kill, General Hux would be in a pool of his own blood. The General nodded curtly, “Well let’s go then.” ***** Illyana tossed and turn as images of the man, in her vision, haunted her mind. His long dark curls, yellow eyes of pure evil, and the unsightly images of the black veins that stretched across his face made her toes curl, but she wanted nothing more than to feel him. She felt his presence like poison in her veins and she wanted more. She wanted to run her fingers through his hair and feel his skin… Suddenly she was jolted out of her sleep at the sound of a knock at her door. Curious, she slowly walked to her door, clutching her blanket around her half naked body before opening it. Captain Phasma was standing there in full uniform, “General Hux and Kylo Ren request your presence immediately. I will be waiting outside as you get ready.” Illyana nodded, “Ok, give me a minute.” The door closed and she immediately went to find some of her work clothes. Illyana fluffed out her hair, letting the wavy curls run down her chest. She was trying to look presentable as fast as possible, but she was getting frustrated at the lack of options within her wardrobe. She didn’t think she would be receiving a mission from General Hux so fast, but she wondered if Kylo Ren had something to do with this. Looking at her options, she realized that she did not have a single black outfit to match with the others on base. She pulled out her emerald green top and khaki pants and threw on her brown boots figuring this would have to suffice. She never went anywhere without her blaster pistol and made sure that it was holstered onto her right thigh. Her walk to see the General and Kylo was long and quiet as she was escorted by Captain Phasma. They were going through the winding maze of the base until they got to a platform outside of the base. There was a floating platform Captain Phasma helped Illyana step up onto and the uniformed woman pushed a button, “This is where I leave you, ma’am.” Phasma turned and walked back to the base as the floating platform jolted forward with Illyana on it. Illyana could feel the heat of the lava penetrating every pore on her body as the grey platform was the only thing keeping her from being swallowed by the molten liquid. The thought made her shiver, but she could see another platform with a landing shuttle coming into view and the unmistakable feeling that she was being watched by him; Kylo Ren. Closing her eyes, she took a deep breath and got her game face on. She was Illyana Ruana, the best bounty hunter in the galaxy and she was here to do a job and it must have been a big one if the two most powerful men on base wanted to personally meet with her. The floating platform slowed down into a halt in front of Ren and he moved his hand to release the small gate so Illyana could step down. As she went to step down, he grabbed her hand to help her. The motion shocked her and she couldn’t help but stare at him as he gently held her hand before releasing it. She smiled at the thought that one of the most powerful men in the galaxy was being a gentleman with her. Kylo turned away, “He is waiting for us.” Kylo Ren walked with Illyana to the door and instructed her on what was to happen, “General Hux is already inside speaking with Supreme Leader Snoke. I must stress the importance of not speaking unless spoken to. Snoke has a way of silencing people permanently and it is not pleasant.” Illyana swallowed at that thought, but her outward appearance did not give a hint of fear. She felt that pressure again on her mind and she knew he was trying to read her thoughts. It made her feel vulnerable and she didn’t like it, “Please don’t.” He immediately stopped and she was grateful for it. The huge blast doors opened to an old hangar bay of a mining company that had long left the area. It was dark and unnaturally cold and the sudden change in temperature made Illyana shiver. There was that eerie red glow that had been in her dreams, down the hallway, and like a moth to a light she was drawn to it. Her steps felt heavy and then finally they were descending a small flight of stairs into a large room. There was a large window and the glow from the lava lit the entire room with its fierce light. “It’s about time you two showed up.” General Hux quipped. Kylo Ren stopped to look at the General, “Always eager to be his favorite, aren’t we?” General Hux narrowed his eyes at Ren, “I would watch your tongue. After that fiasco at StarKiller, you should definitely watch your back.” Kylo Rens metallic voice cut through like razors, “YOUR failure at keeping the Resistance out is on your shoulders General.” “Enough.” General Hux took a deep breath to calm his nerves. His professionalism and uniformity put Illyana at ease. “Supreme Leader Snoke wants us to weed out the Resistance spies and recruiters in the Outer Rim Territories. They are trying to stay hidden from us since we destroyed their main operating planets. This is where your expertise in tracking people are needed, Illyana.” Nodding, Illyana crossed her arms, “I have a contact on Nar Shaddaa who can help me with this. He practically knows everybody in the Outer Rim.” General Hux gave a crisp nod, “Very well. The sooner you are on this the better. Kylo, we have some business we need to discuss privately. We will escort you back to the base, but do not inform your crew what is going on until you have left. I have a feeling we might have a Resistance spy on base. Snoke believes you can find who it is, Kylo.” Kylo Ren tensed, “It seems our little traitor has possibly inspired others to follow suit.” “Which is why we need to shut this person down and make a public display to squash any possible uprisings.” Hux finished Kylo’s thoughts. Illyana smirked, “I’ll get my crew ready.” ***** Chapter 3 : The Mission Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The Mission Luke Skywalker watched over his padawan closely as she was channeling the force to lift stones. He could feel she was comfortable and trying to maintain a peace within herself, but like others before her, there was an internal struggle happening which lead to doubts of the Force. “Concentrate Rey; feel the Force flow freely through you.” Rey narrowed her eyes and the large rock fell from the air to the ground. She let out a breath she was holding and sighed in frustration, “I am trying, Master, but it’s hard.” “Do or do not: there is no try.” Luke used the same teaching given to him by Master Yoda. He remembered those days on the swampy planet of Dagobah being just as frustrated as Rey at this moment. Yoda had been a great instructor despite his vagueness, but Luke now understood that micro managing a students’ progress would only get in the way of their path with the Force. Lifting his X-wing out of the swamps was when it all clicked that the Force could do anything. Rey stood up to stretch from sitting with her legs crossed for hours, “I just don’t understand how you make it look so easy.” Luke smiled, “Anything is possible through the Force when you believe and get out of its way. That is the difference between the Light and the Dark. Jedi let the Force flow freely through them understanding that it is greater than any one of us while the Sith try to control the Force by manipulating its power to bend to them.” Rey seemed to think on this before asking, “Will I have to kill Kylo Ren? Would that make me a Sith?” “The goal of any Jedi is to share the light, but there are times where we have to snuff out the darkness.” Luke replied. He put his hand on Rey’s shoulder, “It is a heavy burden to have on ones shoulders, but if he cannot be swayed to the light and you have to defend yourself or an innocent, then you take up your blade. Most importantly, the Force will guide you on what to do if you listen.” Rey seemed to be at awe with his words and she couldn’t help but feel warm under his touch and gaze. During all of their time together, Rey and Luke were growing closer together. They both understood loneliness and isolation despite Rey being forced into it while Luke had voluntarily isolated himself. There was a growing need for each other as they continued to blossom in their relationship as Master and Padawan. Rey never knew feelings for another person could exist like this. Coming back from her thoughts, she sat back down on the ground getting ready to go back over her exercises with the rocks. Luke turned around to look back over the edge of the rocky cliff they were on. Taking a deep breath of the sea air always helped him concentrate on the Force. He felt that familiar tingling fill him from his head to his finger tips and to his toes. There was a sensation in the Force he had never felt before and he turned to look to see a pair of icy blue eyes staring back at him before they disappeared. Luke opened his eyes and frowned in concern as Rey stood up looking at her master. She reached out to see what he was thinking, “I felt something strange. Is everything alright?” Luke turned to look at her, the concern completely hidden under the reassuring face he put on, “Everything is fine, my padawan. Continue your training.” Rey nodded and continued her concentration. Luke couldn’t keep his eyes off of her this time as he kept telling himself he was just watching her train. However, it was hard to shake off this increasing need he had for her. It had been a long time since he had contact with another person especially a strong independent woman like Rey. He had been having a hard time suppressing memories of his late wife the past couple of days and he realized how badly he missed her companionship. Most of all, Luke missed the physical aspects of her as well. As if reading his mind, Rey stared at him with such intensity that he decided to not hide the fact he had been staring at her the whole time. When he had studied the ways of the Old Republic Jedi, Luke had seen archives on how it was accepted that there were physical relations between Master and Padawan when they were forbidden to love and create families. Still, he thought it was silly of the Old Jedi to suppress such a powerful emotional need like that. Rey stood up with a look of determination, “I feel it too and I have to admit, it’s been distracting. I don’t quite understand it, but it excites me.” She smiled and Luke’s breath caught in his throat. She had spoken her consent and this was uncharted territory for him. He had never crossed this line with a Padawan before. Before they knew it, they were in the Millennium Falcon nervously undressing each other. He wanted to quell her fears, so he used the Force a little bit to put her mind at ease. Rey’s breathing hitched as his rough, calloused hand touched her skin. Luke licked his lips, “Am I your first?” Rey shook her head no, “On Jakku, I had sex a couple of times for survival.” Luke nodded, “Well this isn’t for survival and we don’t have to continue if you are uncomfortable.” Rey silenced her Master with her lips reassuring him that she wanted this. She felt wanted and felt cared for in a way she hadn’t felt since her short time with Han Solo. Luke Skywalker’s primal need took over as he stripped the rest of his tattered robes off and Rey’s undergarments followed suit. She looked absolutely beautiful as he put one of her small breasts in his mouth; sucking and licking to his hearts desires. She writhed underneath him with her gasps and small moans. Those sounds spurred him on as he felt his hardened member twitch in anticipation. “Master…” Rey breathed as her glazed eyes begged for release. Luke obliged as he entered her slowly feeling her slick folds cling to his cock. “Oh Rey…” he cooed as he pumped in and out steadily building up a rhythm that she could keep up with. Her fingers clung to his shoulders as he breathed heavily by her ear. His beard tickled her collarbone as his thrusts began to make Rey lightheaded. She could feel a deep sensation within her lower abdomen and wondered what could be doing that. Feeling her confusion, Luke kissed her again as he stared deeply into her eyes, “You are about to cum, Rey. Don’t be frightened by your orgasm.” Nodding, Rey relaxed into her Master as he placed his thumb on her clit to stimulate her orgasm more. She arched her back at the sensation and cried out as she felt this wetness escape her. Luke cried out soon after before collapsing on his back next to Rey. The two laid there together in bliss until sleep overcame them and Rey wrapped herself around Luke never wanting to feel alone again. ***** Kylo Ren started pacing back and forth in a training room he and Illyana hid away in so that they could talk. He was angry at Snoke for not discussing his plans with him and he could feel his anger rolling through him. How could he just talk to Hux, of all people, without him being there? If he kept pacing, he felt that he was going to burn a path on the floor. Illyana was sitting on a bench with one foot propped up on it and it caught Kylo’s eyes. He couldn’t help but run his eyes along the seam of her trousers down into her inner thigh area and it made him stir on the inside. He closed his eyes pushing all thoughts of her sitting there naked and seductive aside. It was a needed distraction from his rage though. Sensing an awkwardness, Illyana started, “Look, I get that you feel left out by what happened there, but I don’t know why you let General Hux get under your skin. I mean seriously, he is completely replaceable by another General. All it takes is Snoke getting tired of him and a snap of his fingers, then poof; he’s gone.” Kylo stopped pacing to take in what she just said and it brought a sense of comfort to feel that someone was on his side for once. Illyana stood up and pulled a rubber ball out of her pocket and started bouncing it off one of the walls, “So tell me about this Luke Skywalker I keep hearing about. You know word has got around that he continues to evade the First Order.” The question threw him off guard. Looking at her, Kylo did not understand what she was doing, “Why are you doing that?” “The noise and the feeling of throwing this against something help me concentrate.” Illyana gave it another bounce before catching it and squeezing it. Kylo Ren crossed his arms across his chest, “I don’t like it. It annoys me.” Illyana, sensing a challenge, kept doing it, “Take off your mask and then I’ll stop.” Kylo stayed silent so Illyana kept bouncing the ball and looked at him over her shoulder smirking, “What are you afraid of?” He uncrossed his arms and removed his mask. Setting the mask on another bench, he surprised Illyana by force pulling the ball out of the air to him and used brute strength to destroy it in his hand. Irritated, Illyana huffed, “Hey that was my favorite ball!” Kylo Ren just smirked as he let the pieces fall out of his hand, “Don’t test me again.” Illyana felt that she would melt if he kept looking at her like that. His handsome face surprised her and there was a red scar that sliced through his chiseled features, just under his right eye. Wanting to continue their conversation, Illyana sat cross legged back on her bench, “Right. Tell me about Luke Skywalker and how he stays away from your grasp.” Kylo Ren clasped his hands behind his back, “Luke Skywalker is no myth and the stories about him are true. He did bring down the Empire with the Rebellion nearly 30 years ago and yes, his father was Darth Vader, but the Empire was weak and Vader had a momentary lapse of judgment. I was taken in by Luke in his Jedi Academy, but his teachings did not take and I was plucked from Skywalker by Supreme Leader Snoke. Luke Skywalker had gone soft and he allowed his little Academy to be destroyed. Like the Empire, he was weak and let the Jedi be destroyed by his own hands.” Illyana nodded, “Then how come ya’ll are so desperate to find him if he is worthless? What has he done to the First Order that puts a big target on his back?” Kylo stared at Illyana for a moment, “It’s not what he has done, but it’s what he can do and Snoke is worried that he can do the same thing to the First Order that he did with the Empire.” Illyana looked confused, “How can that be? According to you, Luke had a direct lineage to the Empire through his father and I can see how a family tie would affect ones judgment. A father and son bond is hard to break and Luke does not have his Academy so he would be without numbers.” Kylo continued to stare at Illyana and he wanted to tell her but he couldn’t stand to let the words he is my uncle pass through his lips. He could see it on her face that the gears were turning in her mind and he figured she could come to the conclusion herself. It was obvious at how well she could track people that she must figure out everything about them. It was how she was a good hunter. Their eyes locked and the look of realization finally showed on her face. Illyana stood up and had a cutting smile on her lips, “You are related to him and that has Snoke losing sleep at night, isn’t it? You’re his son?” Kylo Ren chuckled, “No, not his son, but yes we are related. He is my… uncle.” He hissed the last part through his teeth. Illyana nodded, “Ok, then who are your parents?” Kylo Ren scowled before shouting, “What does this have to do with anything?” “Everything!” Illyana started pacing the room around Kylo, “In order to find someone, I have to know their weaknesses, their patterns and their connections. Families are great places to start because sometimes they don’t cover their tracks very well when it comes to family. They know family will take care of them no matter what they have done and sometimes family can help them get a leg up against those who chase them. However, that’s where I go first and trust me; I’ve caught them in their mothers own home as they were going out the door to run.” Kylo relaxed a bit and saw value in what Illyana said, “Fine. My mother is General Organa of the Resistance. So that makes Luke her brother.” Illyana whistled, “Woah that is quite the family heritage you have there. I see why tracking this Skywalker down has been difficult. Have you found any traces of him?” He didn’t realize that he clenched his fists at this question, “The Resistance has a map that leads to him and I have a feeling General Organa and people within her circle know where he is now.” Illyana smiled at this, “Good…” Kylo felt irritated at this, “Is that so?” Nodding, Illyana had a slight pep in her step, “Don’t you see? Now that the Resistance knows where Luke is, there has to be some form of contact established which means there is a trail to him when there hasn’t been one in a long time. Unfortunately, this means the Resistance will be working with him, but if we can keep the Resistance occupied with little trysts from the First order peppered all over the Galaxy, we can thin them out enough to where I can stay in the background and they will never see me coming.” Kylo Ren had a wicked smile on his face and he wanted to grab Illyana and spin her around in victory. He actually felt it was possible to find and crush his uncle once and for all. He pulled out a holobook and pulled up a map where the First Order suspected the Resistance to have a base on, “This is where we believe General Organa is at.” Illyana looked over the map and started to run over a plan in her mind. Like before, she felt herself fall into a deep trance within her thoughts as she sought who she was looking for. The fog in her mind lifted and she found herself on a water planet with jagged rocks making their own islands scattered across the horizon. She wasn’t sure what she was looking at when she saw a woman lifting rocks with her mind and a man in a brown robe with his back facing her. This didn’t look like a base with the Resistance on it, but before she could move on, the man in the brown robe turned suddenly and looked directly at her. Illyana knew he could see her and that shook her to her core. Shaking herself out of her trance, Illyana woke up on the floor pouring sweat and panting heavily. Kylo Ren was kneeling over her with his hands on her face and his eyes opened. Illyana’s voice shook, “What the hell was that?” Kylo Ren stared at her before replying, “You have far sight…” Illyana pushed Kylo Ren’s hands off her face and tried to stand up, “I don’t know what you are talking about.” She faltered on her feet and Kylo caught her before she fell back down, lying her gently on the floor, “What did you see?” Illyana slowed her breathing down and focused, “I could see a watery planet and rocks and there was a woman with floating rocks around her, but there was another person there in a brown robe with his back to me. Yet when he turned around, he could see me…” Kylo brushed a strand of hair off her face, “Have you had these vivid visions before?” Thinking for a minute, Illyana sat up, but did not stand up, “Yes but very rarely. I never understood where they came from. Most of the time they happen in my sleep when I can’t turn off my mind, but I just assumed they were intense dreams. That was the first time it felt real when he looked at me.” Nodding, Kylo continued, “Don’t you see, Illyana? You are a force user.” Assuming that he was joking, Illyana chuckled in disbelief and climbed back up off the floor, “Absolutely not.” “It’s true. You fall into a deep trance and sometimes you feel like you can’t breathe, right?” Kylo so desperately wanted her to understand that they came from the same cloth and that he could train her to be stronger. The two of them, together, could bring Luke Skywalker and the Resistance down. Illyana shook her head in denial, “No, stop it. You are just trying to complicate things. I’m sure it was nothing.” Kylo smirked, “How am I complicating things when I am only showing you how special you truly are?” Illyana tried to walk around him to leave, but he quickly grabbed her arm keeping her from running. Frustrated, Illyana did not turn around to meet his eyes when she said, “There’s nothing special about me… I like blending into the background and that’s what I am good at. It’s how I make a living.” “But I see you and you can’t hide from me.” Kylo responded. He pulled Illyana to him and made her turn around to look at him, “Let me show you how powerful you truly are. When you invaded my mind, I saw a powerful light from the shadows. Under your scars grows a powerful woman just waiting for a chance to burst forth and be free of her confines.” A single tear escaped Illyana’s eye, rolling down her cheek, as she tried to think of an excuse; he had completely broken through her walls she had so tediously put up around herself. Kylo gently wiped the tear away with the back of his finger, and the sensation caused her eyes to close. His scent was intoxicating and being this close to him was completely overwhelming. Opening her eyes, she realized that the two of them had closed the small gap between them. His hand had moved from her arm to the small of her back, subconsciously, as they began to lean towards each other. Their lips lightly brushed one another, but Kylo Rens’ comlink came to life with Captain Phasma’s voice, “Sir, General Hux requests a meeting with you and the bounty hunter before she departs.” Kylo sighed in frustration before responding, “On my way.” He had not yet let go of Illyana and could see she still had a hazed look in her eyes; but the rude screech of the comlink had definitely killed the mood. Illyana pushed herself away gently, as a small blush played on her cheeks, “Right, um, I suppose we should answer the General’s beck and call?” ***** Captain Phasma sighed underneath her mask. General Hux was droning on again about safety precautions and how they needed to do a better job of watching their scanners, etc. She really felt like a vacation was needed, but of course they had another issue on their hands. Hence the reason as to why Hux felt like personally yelling at every insubordinate he could find. Unfortunately she was no different. After his little “discussion”, Captain Phasma was relieved to see Illyana and Kylo Ren finally show up. She hoped that they might take some of the heat off of her. General Hux whipped around and was ready for another round, “Glad to finally have you two here. One of our Star Destroyers has come under attack from the resistance.” “Why was the Star Destroyer out by itself, General?” Kylo probed. Everyone in the command center was so quiet after Kylo Ren had entered the room. General Hux could get angry, but everyone knew if Kylo Ren was mad, then they had better not be in the same vicinity. His temper was legendary and any personnel that went missing were believed to have been killed at his hands; the General would never do that. General Hux flexed his jaw for a little before continuing, “They were on a secret mission to find out where one of the resistance command points is currently located.” Kylo Ren crossed his arms, “How is this my problem, General? Or do we need to discuss this with Snoke again?” Captain Phasma could see that General Hux was getting annoyed at his authority being undermined in front of everyone. Clearly losing, he turned to Captain Phasma, “Captain, send in reinforcements now.” With a salute, Captain Phasma was glad to get out of there. He turned to Illyana, “We have a new ship prepared for you and your crew. Since you will be going to the Outer Rim Territories, we felt it necessary to make sure you don’t get recognize by Resistance or anyone who are sympathizers.” Illyana was at a loss for words, “Thank you General…” “Kylo Ren,” General Hux waved off Illyana’s thanks, “I do need that spy problem here solved immediately. However, can I count on you to gather the Knights of Ren if we need to retrieve our Star Destroyer?” Kylo Ren stood still as a statue when he answered, “Yes, General.” “Good.” General Hux turned towards the bridge, “back to work everyone!” Illyana Ruana took that as her queue to get moving and headed to the loading bay to her new ship. Kylo Ren watched her retreating figure until he couldn’t see her anymore. Notes: Author’s Notes: Finally some smut, right?? It will be kind of a slow burn for Illyana and Kylo especially because of what happened to Illyana in the past. I will be delving more into her relationship with Victor Eros and trust me, I have not forgotten about Pollard since he is still rotting in a cell right now. I will have a big chapter on the Resistance, Finn, and Poe coming up soon! These first three chapters were fast uploads since I didn’t have to change much, but now I’m hitting the heavy “really needs editing” parts. So my updates are going to slow down a bit. Not to worry though! Thanks again for the comments and kudos!! Chapter 4 : Back on the Hunt Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Back on the Hunt Victor Eros inspected the room before him as his right hand man droned on and on about how behind on shipments they have become. That meant he was losing a lot of money and he did not like that one bit. How is he expected to run a business when he was practically bleeding credits? It was Pollards fault for letting Illyana Ruana get the jump on him and was most likely dead, now, at the hands of the First Order. That was another thing pissing him off was how big the First Order had become. Business was great with all the smuggling and money being passed around between the Republic, the remnants of the old Empire, and the new First Order, but now the power had completely shifted and the First Order was really tight on their weapons cache; that was Victor’s livelihood and he just took a swift hit to the jugular with Pollard’s failure. “I’m done listening to this shit.” Victor proclaimed. His men stopped what they were doing immediately wondering where the sudden outburst came from. Victor ran his hand through his hair, “Here’s what is going to happen. It is not in our best interest to let the First Order completely wipe out their competitors. Without competitors, we lose business because who needs things smuggled right?” There were murmurings of “he’s right” and “hell yeah” throughout the group before Victor continued, “So I say we maybe find some way to build a relationship with the Resistance and get the gravy train of credits rolling again.” There was a buzz throughout the room as everyone got excited to get back into the weapons smuggling game again, but Victor wasn’t done, “Now it seems to me that we have one slight problem and it concerns a bounty hunter that we all know cost us our recent shipment. So I am proposing to give thirty-five thousand credits to any one of you who brings Illyana Ruana dead or alive to me.” Someone whistled, “Victor, you know she won’t come quietly and there are rumors that she is working for the First Order now.” “I don’t give a damn if she is a General! I want her out of the picture! Just to up the ante, not only will you know about the bounty, but I’m going to release the prize publicly and let her know what it feels like to be chased. The sooner I get her out of my way the better.” Victor headed out of the room after creating a feeding frenzy for some hard money: Illyana Ruana’s days were numbered. Victor knew this was a very public move and one that could bite him in the ass big time, but he would not let her walk all over him again. The fact that she slipped through his fingers enraged him. She was his property and to have it taken away was an affront to him. Now she taunted him by always being within arms length but his finger tips would just air between them. He hated Illyana and wanted her punished. In the back of his mind, he hoped she would be a good girl and come in alive, but in reality she wasn’t going down without a fight. What a pity. ***** Kylo Ren meditated in his chamber as he reached out to see Illyana’s progress. She was getting closer to Nar Sharddaa, the criminal wasteland of the entire Galaxy. A memory invaded his thoughts as he remembered his father, Han Solo, telling him stories of how he got started as a smuggler there and even made the mistake of taking his mother there on a mission after the Empire had fallen. In fact, if his memory served him well, his father would even have an apartment tucked away that was used sporadically throughout the years. He remembered overhearing an argument between his parents about it… Leia: I don’t know why you don’t just get rid of that place. Han: Look, honey, let me remind you that it saved our butts twice when I tagged along for your little missions. Leia: Oh please, you act like I drag you everywhere with me. Han: Well someone has to, princess! Anytime there is a dangerous mission, you are one of the first people to jump on board knowing that it could get you killed. Leia: I believe I have proven that I can handle myself! Han: There it is again! You’re getting defensive because you know I’m right. Leia: (scoffs) I was doing missions for the Republic before I even met you. Han: And I was smuggling before I even met you. There was an intense silence as young Ben Solo kept his ear pressed against the wall. He always hated when they fought and they always did after his mom went on long missions. He would even see his dad drink which he never did when mom was around. Han: Look, I will always put you and the kids first, but I can’t just shake old habits from my smuggling days. Hell, it was what I was good at and, besides, it was what attracted you to me in the first place. Leia: (laughs lightly) I’m sorry for getting mad at you for the apartment and you’re right, it did help in a pinch. I was just as surprised as you to run into some familiar bounty hunters still working for the Imperials. I was just concerned that you were possibly smuggling again. Han: (smirks) Hey, no reward is worth losing you. Kylo shook the memory away from his mind, but it was a good bit of information to send to Illyana in case she needed a place to hide. ***** Illyanna had the map of Nar Shaddaa pulled up and zoomed in to their intended location. “We will land here in the Corellian Sector and meet up with a smuggler friend of mine at the Meltdown Café. He goes by Parker and he can get any information that you need.” Her co-pilot, Daxxus, studied the layout as he fingered his navy blue head bandana. Illyana noticed his pants were tighter than usual and she chuckled to herself, “The only time I see you in those pants is when you are trying to impress somebody.” Daxxus just smirked, “I have to say you have impeccable timing on leaving places. I had a hot date with a certain Lieutenant Calhoun before it was interrupted.” Illyana whistled, “You moved fast on him! I didn’t think you went for red heads.” “He looks like General Hux from behind.” he replied with a wink. Illyana and Daxxus exchanged a laugh before turning their attention back to the map. Daxxus looked at Illyana with seriousness, “Why is this Parker to be trusted? I thought it would just be us looking for Resistance spies.” Illyana knew he was only looking out for her safety. He was like a brother to her, “Because we need help if we are going to do this right the first time. Besides, Parker is the one person who helped me back on my feet after I escaped Victor.” Crossing his arms, Daxxus raised an eyebrow as he asked, “Are you two lovers?” Shocked by the question, Illyana chuckled, “Not at all, Dax. I never had a lover waiting for my safe return from a long job or a lover to warm my bed at night. I don’t think I’m cut out for that kind of thing and maybe it’s just because my image of men is tainted a bit… Besides, I’ve never had time for it either.” She turned the image of Nar Shaddaa off before continuing, “By the way, I’ll need you to go undercover. I know I’ll stick out on this planet and I have a feeling people are going to be uncomfortable talking to me.” Thrusting his hip to the right, Daxxus smiled, “With hair, heels, and attitude, honey, nobody will even know I’m there.” One of the crew members interrupted their discussion, “Kylo Ren wishes to speak with you.” Illyana took the comlink before leaving to her room on the ship. Making sure only she would hear him, she click the comlink on, “I’m the only one listening.” ***** Parker was twitching in his seat as he finished another drink. He was wondering what was taking Illyana so long to meet him and he started to get worried for her until he caught her out of the corner of his eye making her way to him. He didn’t recognize the man she was with, but it didn’t matter. Plopping down next to him, Illyana was all seriousness, “Hey Parker, it’s good to see you.” “You too, but you must have a death wish coming to Nar Shaddaa right now.” Parker whispered. Illyana’s guard Menkib frowned, “Is she in danger?” Parker waited as a serving droid came with three drinks and left them at the table. Once the coast was clear, Parker leaned in, “There’s a bounty on your lovely head and it’s creating a buzz I haven’t seen since the Imperials left this God forsaken planet.” Illyana smiled at this news, “So who wants me and how much?” “Victor Eros and he offered up a steaming pile of thirty-five thousand credits to anyone who brings you in dead or alive.” Menkib eyes widened, “He must really hate you.” Illyana took a deep drink before saying, “He’s got his panties in a twist after I kept him from smuggling a shit ton of First Order weapons through Pollard.” Parker nodded, “It’s about fucking time Pollard got what was coming to him and it makes me happy you were the one to wreck his life. Did you kill the bastard?” Shaking her head no, Illyana remembered wanting to put a hole in his head, but refrained from doing so, “I suffered for years and he can to as well.” She realized how beat up Parker looked from the last time she met with him. He always had severe scarring on the left side of his face and neck from a fire that broke out on one of his ships, but he seemed to be even jumpier than usual and new markings were on his arms and he had gloves on. “What happened to you, Parker?” He gave another look at Menkib, “I want to know who you have with you first.” Menkib got defensive, “I can be trusted.” Parker paused for a moment before nodding, “You can be trusted.” Illyana sighed and Parker continued, “Illyana, I’m worried for you. This bounty has everyone looking for you and I barely got out from a sticky situation from someone who I thought was a friend. He turned on me and tortured me for information on you, but I didn’t give in to that bastard. As soon as I got free, I destroyed his ship with him and his crew on it.” Parker removed his gloves to show he was missing two fingers and they were badly cut up from the torture. Illyana gasped at the state of his hands, “This is bad, Parker.” “I know”, he replied. “Hey, there’s a reason you are here and I want to help in any way that I can, but I have a feeling this will be a short reunion since the three of us will have to get out of here.” Illyana got straight to the point, “We need to find the whereabouts of Resistance spies here.” Taking a deep breath, Parker scanned the room before leaning in again, “There is a resistance spy at the booth in the far corner there who has been recruiting. I only know that because he sticks out like a sore thumb and also he tried recruiting me. He will be how you get to where the resistance hub is at. Currently, they don’t have a centralized base and that’s how they move so quickly from place to place. They have pockets of makeshift bases, but currently there is a ship called the Defender that is rumored to have Leia Organa and several high ranking members of the Resistance leading from there right now.” Illyana squeezed Parkers left shoulder, “Thank you. I do hope we see each other again soon.” Parker placed his hand on Illyana’s right arm, “Stay safe, kid. You know how to reach me.” They parted ways as Illyana and Menkib walked over to the unsuspecting resistance recruiter. “Where can we take him?” The guard whispered. “I know just the place,” Illyana replied as she used brute force to place the man in unconsciousness. Some bar patrons looked as Illyana had grabbed a fistful of hair before slamming the man’s face onto the table. They returned to their drinks as seeing someone dragged out of a bar was pretty common. ***** General Leia was pacing waiting for word if her plan was successful. Her comlink came to life with bad news, “General, we were able to surround the Star Destroyer, but they had some sort of EMP they set off taking out majority of our fleet we sent out there.” “What happened to the Star Destroyer then?” General Leia asked. “It took itself out along with us and everything started crashing into floating debris from the destroyed core planets. Any ship that was still able to fly has been slowly limping back to the rendezvous point.” Leia sat down dumbfounded. She knew they lost a lot of good fighters and it scared here that the First Order was willing to sacrifice an entire ship with her crew in order to keep the Resistance from obtaining one of them. She got back on the comlink, “Make sure we escort everyone left back to safety.” “Yes ma’am.” The comlink clicked off and Leia closed her eyes reaching out in the Force. She could feel that morale was down and they had lost many lives that day. This saddened her that so much loss was happening and she wished the peace that they had lasted longer after the fall of the Empire. In the back of her mind, she knew it wouldn’t last forever, but she never thought that she would lose so much and it made her ache with pain. Tears started streaming down her face as she thought of Han and how they would never get to repair the damage that was done to their marriage over time. The rift that grew between them started when they sent Ben off with Luke. She had insisted that Luke could keep Ben from becoming like Vader when she noticed his attraction to the dark side. Han Solo was not happy with the arrangement and felt that maybe Ben should be kept away from anything to do with the Jedi’s. Leia remembered how Han was worried that Ben would resent them for sending him away, but she persisted that he should go to the Jedi academy. Now look at the mess that was inadvertently created. Maybe she should have listened to Han and maybe he resented her for what happened to Ben; his son. None of that mattered anymore because her own son made sure to severe any chance she had to make amends with her husband. Now Luke was all she had left and it made her so lonely and sad because he was, in a way, gone too. She had believed Ben would come back to her, but now she questioned her own resolve. If he was willing to kill his own father, then given the chance, would he be able to kill her with such ease? It was a sobering thought to think she might be in that position where she has to choose between saving herself or saving her lost son. Drying her eyes, Leia collected herself and got ready to make her announcement to the Resistance on what had just happened. ***** “What happened out there? I want a full report, now!” General Hux was in shock to hear their Star Destroyer was gone. Captain Phasma was gathering reports as quickly as she could, “Sir, it seems that the Admiral on board made the decision to not let the ship fall to enemy hands. An EMP was used as a self destruct in order to take out the enemy with her.” General Hux lowered his head, taking in the news. After a moment, he turned to Captain Phasma, “I want every crew member, aboard that ship, given full honors for their commitment to the First Order. They did their duty.” Captain Phasma saluted and left. General Hux went to the private area of the Command Center to signal the Supreme Leader. After a small wait time, Snoke’s holo image appeared, “What is it General?” “Our Star Destroyer used an EMP to not only destroy itself but to take most of the Resistance fighters with it. They must have felt that they had no way to keep themselves out of our enemy’s hands.” Snoke thought for a moment, “They did well, General. This will be a big blow to the Resistance numbers and they will be scrambling to hide from us. The team you dispatched to aid the Star Destroyer is still on route, yes?” General Hux nodded, “Yes, Supreme Leader.” “Good. Have them track what was left of our Resistance fighters. They should lead you to where they are running. They won’t be worried about covering their tracks.” His holo image disappeared and General Hux headed out with his new orders. ***** Notes: Author's Notes: Hopefully everyone had a good weekend! I noted that this chapter jumps around several points of views around the same timeline, but I wanted to catch up what has been going on with a lot of the characters so that I could focus more on Illyana in the next chapter. Hopefully it was not too confusing! Happy reading and thank you for taking the time to read my story. :) Chapter 5 : Smuggler's Moon Menkib and Illyana carried the unconscious resistance recruiter around the correllian sector streets. They had some onlookers but they eventually went about their own business and that was what Illyana loved about this place; nothing looked out of the ordinary. After some time had passed, Menkib had to pause for a second, “Where is this place you are taking us?” Illyana closed her eyes for a moment, remembering what Kylo Ren had told her, before pointing to the left of their position, “It’s over there.” Menkib was use to following Illyana’s lead wherever they went. Illyana repositioned the limp mans arm on her shoulders before moving forward again. She breathed a sigh of relief when they came to a corridor that led them to a series of apartments. Kylo’s instructions led them through the twist and turns of the corridors until Illyana and her guard immediately stopped in front of a door. Placing her hand on the cold surface, she turned to Menkib, “This is it.” Illyana fiddled with the control panel and realized how old this apartment really was. “I haven’t seen a circuit system like this in years.” Finally, Illyana opened the door and the pair dragged the unconscious man into the apartment. Illyana immediately scrunched her face at the smell inside. It was very obvious the place had been abandoned and in disrepair for a long time. She helped Menkib take the man into another room and placed him onto a chair. They let out a deep breath of relief that they were able to go unnoticed for now. Pulling a bag out of his satchel, Menkib turned to Illyana, “I think this is where you leave.” Illyana frowned, “I don’t like this idea of torturing information out of him.” “I understand and I promise it will be a last ditch effort.” Menkib pleaded with his eyes for her to leave. Without a word, Illyana left and heard the whoosh of the door closing behind her. A feeling of dread came over her as she imagined what Menkib was going to do with the unsuspecting man. Her mind drifted to images of Pollard as she remembered how tortured he was at the hands of Kylo Ren and he did not even put his hands on him. She shivered at the power that Kylo obviously possessed and even though she did not quite understand Jedi and Sith, she did understand they had unique qualities that always had everyone talking throughout the galaxy. Luke Skywalker was the one everyone talked about and even her drunk father had crazy stories to tell about the mysterious Jedi. However, never really seeing or meeting a force user had many people questioning the validity of Jedi or Sith even existing, but those doubts were squashed in an instant the second Illyana Ruana met Kylo Ren. A yell in the room she just left brought Illyana out of her thoughts for a moment. I am so glad to not be on the receiving end of that. She decided to have a look around the place and started thinking to herself how Kylo even knew of this place. There was a cleaning droid in a crumpled heap against the far right corner and Illyana could tell it had seen better days. Looking around, she found a dusty panel and pressed a couple of buttons until she heard the slight buzzing of a generator turning on. The lights flickered before filling the apartment with bright light and Illyana was shocked at what she could see. The apartment had scarring on the walls from an obvious blaster fight and the kitchen, which shared the open sitting room, was in shambles. She picked up the overturned table and fixed it up with some chairs for her and the others. Looking around some more, she found where the bathroom was and was pleased to see it was in decent condition, but a leather jacket hanging on a hook near the shower caught her eye. The leather was cracked and stretch from a lot of wear, but Illyana ran her hands over it and a man’s face flashed before her eyes causing her to jump back from being startled at the sudden intrusion. Curiosity getting the best of her, she decided to find out who the man was and began to open every drawer and door she could find. There wasn’t much which led her to believe that scavengers may have picked the place apart. She made her way back into the sitting room and noticed there was a part of the floor that looked different from the rest of the room. Closely inspecting it, she believed it had to be a secret compartment and Correllians were known to be smugglers on Nar Shaddaa, but she couldn’t figure out how to open it. Maybe Daxxus can open it. The door to the other room opened and Menkib came out with a smug smile on his face, “He cracked open like an egg. He confessed to me his rendezvous point here on Nar Shaddaa and I believe if we go to it, we can track down at least some of the Resistance which will get us closer to finding their base.” Illyana breathed a sigh of relief, “Well at least he was someone who knew something. What are we going to do with him now?” “Dump the body somewhere.” Menkib replied with no remorse. Illyana’s eyes bulged, “Um, ok then. I hope his disappearance will not bring unneeded attention to us.” Menkib scoffed, “Anything can happen on Nar Shaddaa. I will make it look like a mugging so if any of his Resistance friends go looking for him, they won’t know the First Order is looking for them.” “Well that does sound like a solid plan,” Illyana admitted, but she was still worried about the possibility of being exposed from this. Seeing the worry on her face, Menkib came closer, “Trust me, this will work.” They were on Nar Shaddaa, the criminal wasteland of the galaxy, and no one would be surprised by a mugging gone wrong, let alone a body in the streets. “I’ll be back.” He said as he went to retrieve the body and remove it from the apartment. Illyana grabbed her comlink and clicked the button a few times in code, waiting for Daxxus to respond. She smiled when she heard three, one, then two clicks back signaling that he could talk. “Hey, Dax, how’s the harvest?” Daxxus enthusiasm came through the comlink, “Very ripe! I come bearing fruit!” Illyana smiled before relaying their location to her co-pilot. ***** General Organa was scrambling to protect her fighters. A First Order stealth squad come out of hyperspace and started attacking what was left of the regiment she sent after the Star Destroyer. She should have expected it, but did not think they would come after losing one of their own ships so soon. There was some grumbling in the control room and Leia could feel it, “Well, what’s on your minds? Spit it out!” A Captain looked around before responding, “General, if we try to intercept this attack, we will lose even more of our military. We already took a major loss and we cannot spare any more men or women to this obvious lost cause!” Leia could not believe what she was hearing, “So we leave them to die or to be tortured by the First Order?! That’s your solution?” The Captain just looked down to the floor shifting in his boots. The room was somber and quiet which only frustrated the General even more. “I don’t know how leaving people to die became acceptable, but I will not agree to it. Send any reinforcements that you can and Captain get this ship ready for battle.” The Captain snapped into attention and saluted, “Yes, General.” One of Leia’s advisors came forward, fear in her eyes, “But we must protect you from the First Order.” Leia only met her eyes with grave seriousness, “My family has sacrificed so much to bring peace and to keep it for the galaxy. If I die in pursuit of this, so be it. I am not afraid of death, but what I am afraid of is the good people of this galaxy losing to the evil again that once had a choke hold on every system through my father’s hands. I am afraid that my own son will be even more powerful than Darth Vader himself and that is something I do not wish to see happen.” Leia’s advisor dipped her head in acknowledgement before leaving her. The holo-projector, in the command room, showed an image of the Captain, “General, we are prepared to enter hyperspace to aid our Resistance fighters. All weapons are hot.” “Good. The ship is in your care, Captain.” Leia left the room to get her personal weapons ready. As she headed to her private quarters, she found C-3PO waiting expectantly for her, “You summoned me, General?” “Yes, threepio, I need to send you on a mission. We are lacking firepower, manpower, you name it, and I need for us to ally with someone who can get all of this to us.” C-3PO cocked his head, “Is this to be public knowledge, General?” Leia shook her head, “Absolutely not. This has to be handled with complete discretion and I know you can do it. You have done it many times for me and my brother.” C-3PO stiffly looked around before asking, “How shall I be of service?” “Since most of the senate was wiped out by the Star Killer base, we have to look elsewhere for help.” “But General, if we do not go through the legal channels you could be court marshaled.” C-3PO tried to emphasize his discomfort with where this mission was already going, but Leia would have none of it. She silenced him, “What we are dealing with here requires me to be creative. I’m asking you to look on the black market, the criminal underground, anything in order for us to rebuild. Make it look like they are coming to help out of the goodness of their hearts.” C-3PO was about to protest, but Leia held up her hand. He relented, “Yes, General. I will go at once.” “Thank you, threepio. Listen, if anything happens to me, you do not stop the mission. Get the help for the Resistance anyway and tell them everything if you have to.” C-3PO did a slight bow before leaving to go on his important mission. He was accustomed to being used for missions and it made him feel useful. He only wished he had his companion R2-D2 with him for this one. ***** Illyana was munching on some very stale bread when Daxxus finally showed up. He saw she was sitting cross-legged on a much damaged kitchen counter top and that something was on her mind she was itching to ask. Grabbing a roll himself, he inspected it and asked, “What’s on your mind?” Seizing the opportunity, Illyana picked up the old leather jacket next to her that she brought from the bathroom and tossed it to Daxxus. He immediately inspected it, holding it away from him like he was touching a germ, “Where did you get this ancient thing?” “Whoever owned this place must have left it behind, but I think it would fit you.” Illyana hopped off the countertop and headed over to the living area. Daxxus wrinkled his nose after smelling it, “You couldn’t have washed it first?” Daxxus began to strip out of his drag so he could change back into his usual garb and was unsure if he really even wanted this jacket. The main door swooshed open and Menkib came in looking tired. He paused for a second realizing Daxxus was with them, “How did your undercover operation go?” Daxxus was peeling out of his spanx as he responded, “It went well. I was able to piece together that the Resistance is hurting for weapons and supplies. I think they had a contact here that got cold feet after what happened to Pollard.” Illyana started pacing, “Do you know if they have a new contact?” “Unfortunately no, dear.” Daxxus had his pants, shirt, and head bandana back on, but was still fidgeting with the worn leather jacket. Illyana tried to give him puppies eyes, begging him to wear it. “Fine, I’ll wear it, but if it doesn’t look good on me, it’s gone!” He slipped it on and was surprised at how soft and breathable it was. Looking at a mirror, he admire how masculine and light weight it was. Illyana smirked his way and Daxxus winked back, “Ok, so you were right.” “Well if you are done staring at yourself, I need help getting this secret compartment open.” Illyana was tapping her foot on the floor piece she was sure was hiding something. Menkib and Daxxus came over to see what they could do. Daxxus ran his hands over the area, “You can definitely tell it’s not alined or leveled to the rest of the floor. I’ll need your tools, Menkib.” Menkib handed his bag over as Daxxus went to work. Illyana put her hand on his shoulders, signaling she needed to talk to him. They went over to the kitchen. “How did things look outside while you were taking care of the… erm… body?” Menkib understood her caution, “Everything looked clear. I don’t think anyone knows we are here or we would have known by now.” Illyana’s face hardened, “I worry that they will sooner than later, especially with that heft bounty on me.” “Got it!” Daxxus exclaimed. Menkib went over and helped him remove the floor cover. Since they could see the cache that was hidden, Daxxus had a shocked look on his face. “Holy shit, I know who owns this apartment: Han Solo.” “What?” Illyana was shocked by that. “The famous smuggler Han Solo? That one?” Daxxus nodded, “Yes that Han Solo.” “Wow…” Illyana breathed. “Then how did…” Her brain was working on overdrive. She knew General Leia was Kylo Ren’s mother and that he had a pretty complicated family with Luke Skywalker being his uncle. Could he be related to Han Solo as well? Is that how he knew of this place? Illyana dived to the ground and started rummaging through the cache and she found what alerted Daxxus to who the owner was: a picture of Han Solo and Leia Organa smiling. “No fucking way…” Illyana breathed. Daxxus and Menkib just looked at each other in confusion as Illyana tucked the picture in one of her pockets. So Han Solo and Leia Organa, famous Rebel Heroes, would have a powerful force user for a child and he happened to be Kylo Ren. “Right, grab whatever you want and let’s get our job done with. I’m starting to get a bad feeling about how long we have been here.” Illyana stood up and headed to the main door to get some air while Daxxus and Menkib rummaged through their loot. ***** Illyana crouched behind a few empty cargo boxes as she watched pilots, recruiters, and possibly fighters getting their gear together. She had expertly put tracking devices on three of the ships to give them a wide range of coverage. Maybe the ships would go to one area together or they would all split up, but right now she had to be quiet and wait for them to leave before she could slip away. As she waited, her mind started to drift to thoughts of Kylo. She wondered if she was intruding on his privacy having a picture of his parents. She could only imagine how complicated things were in his life and maybe bringing this picture would only re-open old wounds. Closing her eyes, she willed her drifting thoughts to stop so that she could focus on the task at hand. This turned out to be a good thing when a rodian had a blaster pressed against the back of Illyana’s head, “Don’t move.” Rolling her eyes, Illyana bent herself backwards, grabbed the blaster and pulled the rodian forward making him lose his balance and fall forward. She quickly rolled onto him, taking his blaster with her, and used her legs to wrap tightly around his neck. He gurgled from his airway being cut off, but it would be quiet enough that no one would know where the pair was. After the rodian passed out, Illyana pulled a hidden blade from her right boot and checked her surroundings before she ended the rodian’s life permanently. She couldn’t risk anyone knowing she was here or that their ships might be compromised. Backing away slowly, Illyana watched as the last of the group boarded their ships and got ready to take off. She needed to get out of there, especially after they realized a certain rodian was nowhere to be found. Feeling the coast was clear, she took off at a hard run to get out of the docking bay area. As she rounded a corner, a gloved hand grabbed her and she yelped in surprise, but was relieved to see it was Menkib, “You scared the shit out of me!” “We have been discovered. Can we get the shuttle prepped within the next hour?” Illyana nodded, “Absolutely. I have the trackers placed and ready to go. Our job here is done.” Menkib and Illyana immediately headed back to the apartment in order to get their gear packed. The bustling night life of the Corellian Sector made it easy to blend in before they got to the old east side, where many of the old and abandoned apartments, as well as businesses, stayed, but there was something off in how the area felt and Menkib immediately sensed it. “We are not alone…” He hissed. A few men, in Mandalorian armor and blaster rifles, surrounded them and Illyana groaned, “Oh no, they are bounty hunters.” “Hey, Illyana, nice to see you back here.” The red headed man winked at her. Illyana crossed her arms, “Hi Lance. So I take it you heard there is a bounty on my head.” Lance ran his hand through his hair, “Yeah, pretty much the whole galaxy has heard about it. You pissed off Victor real good. My only question is, are we going to do this the easy way or the hard way?” Menkib raised his blaster rife up as Illyana immediately placed her hand on her blaster. They noticed that Daxxus was slowly sneaking up to one of the bounty hunters within the shadows. With a wink and her head cocked to one side, Illyana teased Lance, “Since when have I ever made it easy for anyone?” Lance was surprised, but determined and shouted at the rest of the group “I want her alive!” Illyana used this distraction to blast two rounds into Lance’s armor, knocking him off his feet and rendering him unconscious. To her right, another Mandalorian used his quarterstaff to knock Illyana to her knees and temporarily stunned her. Quick to recover, Illyana rolled when the Mandalorian tried to jab at her with the end of his quarterstaff then jumped up off the ground and tried to use her blaster, but the weapon was knocked out of her hand with ease. Shaking the soreness from her palm away, she put her fists up ready to defend herself as she started to expertly dodge and block strikes from the Mandalorian. Daxxus was able to slash through the rest of the stunned hunter’s armor, he snuck up on, and took the weapons before turning to see Illyana was in need of help. However, he quickly saw that Menkib was in need of help to as his blaster rifle had overheated and he was being brutally beaten. Illyana quickly looked to see that Daxxus had dispatched his guy with ease and that gave her some relief, but she was getting upset that he was just watching her struggle with this man. The Mandalorian swung his quarterstaff again towards her face, but Illyana caught the staff with her hands and started to wrestle it out of his hands. The tug of war went back and forth as they twisted and rolled on top of each other. Illyana was getting angrier and could feel that familiar sensation come back; it made her feel powerful. Kylo Ren’s voice filled her mind, “Give in to it, Illyana. Through the power of the Force, you are stronger than him.” Straddling the man in his armor, Illyana gave in to the pulsating power that ebbed and flowed around her and with a final push of strength, which surprised her; Illyana pushed the staff against his throat. The helmet did not connect to the breast plate and only a thick leather piece stood between her and his esophagus. She could hear the gurgle for air first before a final pulse of power crushed his wind pipe silencing him forever. Breathing heavily, she crawled off of the dead Mandalorian trying to get her bearings, “How did I do that?” She looked down at her hands before looking at her crew, her eyes showing her thirst for knowledge. If she ever doubted the Force, those doubts were squashed at that moment. Daxxus helped Menkib take out the bounty hunter who was attacking him before heading over the Illyana. Checking their surroundings, Daxxus pulled Illyana back up on her feet, “We need to get out of here before more of them show up.” He handed her blaster back to her before the three of them took off back to the apartment. It was so quiet in the old, abandoned sector and Illyana could hear how sporadic her breathing had become. She didn’t allow herself to get distracted because they had a job to do and their number one priority was to get off this planet alive. They arrived at the apartment and threw their gear back into bags. Illyana checked her blaster for any damages and was relieved to find none. Placing it back into her holster, she grabbed a couple of bags before checking on the others. It looked like they had cleared out the apartment of anything that they could possibly need and closed the hidden compartment in the floor. Good thinking in case we need to come back. They confirmed they were ready and the three of them headed back to their ship as fast as their legs would take them. ***** Chapter 6 : A Change Of Plans General Leia’s ship, the Defender, came out of hyperspace at light speed into the fight the Resistance was so badly losing. Immediately they took out two stealth fighters, from the First Order, with ease and the shock and awe of their surprise attack changed the course of the battle. The Defender brought with her several X-Wings and even Y-Wing bombers to tackle the bigger ships. As the firefight intensified, Leia calmed herself through the Force and tried to reach out to her brother. Luke… I need your help. Like so many times before it came with no response, but she wouldn’t give up. “General, an escape pod has left the ship without orders to do so. Should we pursue?” The Captain was red in the face and Leia knew he felt they had a defector. However, she knew it was C-3PO, “No need Captain. We can’t afford to lose resources to that right now.” The Captain gave a curt nod before putting his attention back to the battle at hand. Leia sighed in relief that C-3PO was going to find them help somehow and the Resistance needed everything at this moment. When the Republic Senate was destroyed, it took a lot of hope away from the Republic itself and there were many rumors of star systems possibly defecting from the Republic to the First Order out of fear that their planets would meet the same fate. Recruitment was down immensely and Leia feared that they would have spies infiltrating them soon, if they didn’t have them already. Flashes of light from proton torpedoes and blast cannons lit up the dark space that surrounded the ensuing battle. Leia could feel she was getting tired from the many battles she has had to endure over her lifetime, but she would not back down now and show fear in the eyes of her enemy. She felt it was a duty owed to the lives lost on Alderaan, many years ago, that she holds herself steadfast in the eyes of death itself. “Captain, were we able to intercept the badly wounded fighters?” The Captain ran a quick check through current reports, “Yes, General, but their ships were so badly damaged from the EMP that we will have to abandon them.” General Organa looked at the battle map in front of her, “Good. Let’s collect them and get out of here. Can you keep the First Order from following us?” The Captain nodded before sprinting to the other side of the bridge to relay new orders. The battle was going badly for both sides and Leia did not want to lose anyone else to the conflict. They would have a lot of rebuilding to do and no time to do it in. She cursed under her breath knowing that this would give the First Order ample time to re-group as well. A hard blast to her left knocked her onto her back and smoke began to fill the bridge. Sirens and an automated voice blared throughout the command center and bridge as Leia sat up slowly, feeling wetness on her head. Pulling her hand from the left side of her head, she could see dark blood covering her palm and fingers. Despite the dizziness, she focused even harder on her brother through the Force: If you can hear me Luke, please come out of exile. I need you. There was a mumbled voice and ringing in her ears before she felt a strong pair of hands hoists her up. It was the Captain and one of the bodyguards taking her to safety while the Captain continued to shout commands over the loud sirens and bustling activity. Leia could feel herself becoming queasy and slipping out of consciousness from the loss of blood. The last thing she saw was the badly mangled body of one of her top advisors before she succumbed to unconsciousness. ***** This was a good day for General Hux to celebrate a victory for the First Order. He had received a report that General Organa’s ship had taken a direct hit and they were in the process of boarding it to retrieve the General dead or alive. He could not help the grin that stretched across his face as he made a fast walk across the base to bring the news to Supreme Leader Snoke himself. He knew he needed to get in contact with Kylo Ren and have him cut his mission short with Illyana so that information could be extracted about the Resistance. Captain Phasma was trying to keep up in her heavy armor, “Sir, do we continue to pursue the rest of the Resistance after we extract the General?” “Absolutely not and bring this General here, to Mustafar, immediately.” Captain Phasma did an about face to head back to the command room as General Hux continued his speed walk to speak with Snoke. His boots echoed in the chamber as Snoke expected him to come in with a report. His towering holo image still intimidated Hux, “You wish to speak with me, General?” It always sent shivers down his spine when Snoke just knew when he needed to speak with him, “Yes Supreme Leader. We are in the process of boarding General Organa’s ship and will have her in our hands soon enough.” Supreme Leader Snoke seemed genuinely surprised by this, “Very well. I want Kylo Ren back here immediately to extract information from the General about the Resistance.” “Yes Supreme Leader. I will send word at once.” General Hux did a slight bow with his head before heading out. “General,” Snoke called out. Hux slowed down before turning around, “Yes, sir?” “Do not underestimate her love for her son. She is stronger than you think.” Snoke’s image disappeared leaving a certain General a little more nervous than before. ***** Something was calling out to Luke and tugging at him through the Force. He usually ignored such small disturbances but there was a desperate familiarity to it that frightened him. He took a deep breath and he could see his sister was in trouble. Her desperate plea rang loud in his mind: I need you. Many emotions he felt, after the Jedi Academy was destroyed, seemed to resurface and he felt overcome by grief again. He staggered backwards at the sudden intrusion, but faced it head on again. There is no emotion, there is peace. There is no ignorance, there is knowledge. There is no passion, there is serenity. There is no chaos, there is harmony. There is no death, there is the Force. Rey appeared behind him, “Master Luke, I can feel something is wrong.” Luke opened his eyes to his padawan, “I fear that I am greatly needed, but that you are not ready to take on such a task yet.” Rey squared herself, “You have taught me many things, but I need application in order to mature in my training. I am ready for whatever is in front of us.” Luke saw so much of his young self within his padawan, but he learned by getting his hand cut off by his own father that he had no idea the trials that lay ahead of him. Taking a deep breath, he tread lightly on the subject, “Rey, have you completed your daily agility training for the day?” Rey knew he was trying to distract her, “If my friends need help, I need to be there. Finn almost died and I cannot let that happen again.” The Jedi Master looked at his padawan in concern, “I know you care for your friends, but emotions can lead down a dangerous path to the dark side. It consumed Kylo Ren in his thirst for power and it consumed my father in the same manner.” Rey sat down and crossed her legs, “I wish to learn more about the dark side so that I cannot be seduced by it. I feel that is equally important to my training.” Luke thought for a minute before joining her on the ground, “Let’s talk about my father, Anakin Skywalker who turned into the Sith Lord known as Darth Vader. In the end, he did turn back to the light side and died as Anakin, but I didn’t know much about my father until I was able to find what was left of the Jedi Temple and the Archives it housed on Coruscant. As a child, my father was a slave before being found by a Jedi Master and his padawan. They took him in and trained him and he became a great Jedi Knight, but it was his passion for his friends and his family that seduced him to the dark side. He wanted to protect them from death and when he couldn’t; his anger twisted his views on the Jedi. He felt that he was weak because of the Jedi and that his own master was afraid of the Force. All of this leads to not only his own fall, but the fall of the Jedi and the Republic into the Empires hands and the death of my mother.” Rey let his words sink in and she was saddened by what happened to Luke’s family. It made her wonder even more about her own family and if she would ever know what happened to them. Did the First Order have a role in her upbringing on Jakku? “How did he come back to the light?” “There is always a pull to the light within all of us. I just had to remind him that it was still there.” Luke felt comfort in knowing his father had redeemed himself and he continued to wish that Ben Solo would eventually answer that call to the light that Luke knew was still in him. Nodding, Rey looked towards the horizon, “Is it hard to ignore the pulling of the dark side?” “It can be,” Luke admitted, “but it is our duty as Jedi to ignore it or we will bring destruction to this already fragile galaxy.” “I still believe we are needed by the Resistance though.” Rey’s tone of voice became so serious that Luke went silent for a minute before responding, “You need more time.” Disagreeing, Rey stood up, “Either you are coming with me or I go by myself. We can ignore the pull of the dark side, but we cannot let the dark side snuff out what is left of the light.” She held her hand out to Luke the same way she did for Finn and he gladly accepted it. With a nod, she collected her things and they headed to the Millennium Falcon. Luke knew he could not protest the issue any longer. ***** Illyana was using the refresher on her ship as they came closer to Mustafar. She didn’t know why she felt so nervous at seeing Kylo Ren again, but having his voice invade her mind earlier threw her off completely because she didn’t even feel him trying to get in. It was irritating and exciting at the same time for her since there was an unfamiliar intimacy behind it. He was not ruthless or cruel when he did it, but it felt like he was giving her warmth and encouragement to give in to unknown powers she possessed. Maybe he could help her discover this other side of her that she had been repressing all of these years. She leaned back against the wet tile as the water continued to cascade down her body. Closing her eyes, she recalled memories of how he looked with his mask off. Despite all of his power, she saw a man with confidence, brute strength, but she still saw a person: a man. She knew the mask was a way to dehumanize him to his inferiors and make them fear him more, but she wasn’t afraid of him. In fact, he excited her in ways that no other man has ever done for her. Those full lips, thick hair, and piercing eyes cut straight through her resolve and she couldn’t help but feel awakened to the thought of him pleasuring her. Illyana brought her hand to her own quim and started moving her fingers as she closed her eyes. The feeling of the water streaming off of her breasts stimulated her as she imagined Kylo grabbing her and stealing away into a dark hallway on the base. A small moan escaped her as she continued exploring herself while imagining his hand down there and on her breasts. Biting her lip, Illyana slipped one of her fingers inside as she writhed against the slick shower tiles. Kylo Ren: You want this? Illyana Ruana: *moans softly* Kylo: I want to hear you say it. Illyana: Yes, Kylo. I want you. Kylo: (smirking) I am going to make you cum until you beg me to stop. With her eyes still closed, Illyana’s mouth was open as she smiled and continued to stimulate herself, imagining Kylo’s hand in place of her own. He was biting her neck while fucking her with his gloved hand. His breathing was hitched as he continued to push her to her climax. Stifling her moan, Illyana slid down the tiled wall till she was sitting in the shower and trying to slow down her breathing. She didn’t want to open her eyes yet as she imagined the playful grin on Kylo’s face. Kylo: (he quirked an eyebrow) Yo u thought you came up with this fantasy on your own? I definitely contributed. Illyana’s eyes snapped open as the haziness from her masturbation lifted away almost immediately. Her heart was hammering in her chest as she slightly reached out with her mind and could feel his presence surrounding her. It must be through the Force…. Illyana’s cheek flushed a deep crimson as she just realized what happened, “Fuck.” ***** Kylo was just going to check up on Illyana, but had not expected that he would be sharing in a pleasurable fantasy with her. It was a very welcomed surprise as he was lying in his chambers exhausted from having to rush back to Mustafar. He had never used the Force like this before, but damn it was incredible to see her mind completely opened to him like that. Getting to see her naked and use his own hands and mouth to pleasure her was completely intoxicating. The best part was that she had no clue he was actually there with her in this little fantasy of having a quickie on the base. After revealing what was going on, the fantasy ended and Kylo folded his hands behind his head laughing. “The look on your face was priceless.” If she was to continue to have fantasies about him, then he would need to make them a reality in order to give in to his desires around Illyana. In fact, interacting with her would be different from now on…… Chapter 7 : Millennium Falcon Lance blinked a few times as he felt the cool air on his face. His breathing was labored as he slowly sat up trying to assess the damages that were done. The crumpled heap of dead bodies was met with a frown as he realized they had failed and Illyana was nowhere to be found. Touching his breast plate, he could feel the blaster holes left behind, “That’s going to leave bruising, for sure.” Lance ran his hand through his red hair before taking his time to get off of the ground. His comlink was blinking at him and he had an idea of who was trying to reach him. Switching it on, Lance could see it was Victor Eros expecting an update on the hunt, “Hey Victor.” “Do you have her?” Lance was silent for a moment before responding, “No, she had someone with her though. I have a feeling it was Kylo Ren from the First Order. He had a light saber on him and it matched the description I’ve heard on what it looks like.” Victor sounded irritated, “Why would she be working for the First Order? She’s a bounty hunter!” “I don’t know, but my team was alerted to her presence here when she met up with Parker. We assumed she was working on another bounty, but now I’m wondering if she is after something bigger.” There was a long sigh from Victor, “Okay, get your team out of there and come back here. We can reassess what to do.” “About that,” Lance looked over to his dead team, “I’m going to need more men.” ***** The Millennium Falcon was eerily quiet and Rey decided to leave the pilot chair to go check on Master Luke. She found him smiling and reminiscing in the ship and it was odd for her to see him in such a state. He mumbled a few things to himself before picking up a small white orb and looking to see Rey observing him, “Come padawan, I wish to show you something.” Rey obeyed and walked over to the Jedi Master, confused but curious as to what he had planned for her. With a smile, he turned the orb on and it began to float in the air twisting and turning before popping a tiny blast at Rey. Rey was shocked by the small bite she felt on her leg and looked at Master Luke, “Hey!” “A Jedi must always be ready.” Luke replied with a chuckle. He found the helmet with the badly damaged blast shield and lingered with it before handing it to Rey, “Put this on.” Rey placed it on her head, “You can’t see anything through this thing.” She ignited her blue light saber and the blue swoosh had a gentle hum to it as she got into her stance. “Use the Force, Rey. You don’t have to use your eyes when you listen to the Force.” Taking a deep breath, she started to parry the sporadic shots with ease, but this didn’t surprise Luke. He needed to show her how much her tunnel vision affected her use of the Force and he force pushed a random object at her. It connected onto her right side and it knocked her off balance. Throwing the old pilot helmet off of her, she turned to see what had happened and realized her mistake. Luke was pleased at her realization, “You learn fast, Padawan; again.” Rey picked up the helmet and started again. She parried the small blasts again, but tried to feel the room around her through the Force. She felt a sudden disturbance behind her and she turned with a slash of her blade cutting through an object. Taking the helmet off, she was pleased to see a metal box cut in two at either side of her. Luke was proud of Rey in her training, but he still felt she had so much more to learn. “Master, I know the Jedi code says there is no emotion, but I feel such worry for my friends especially for Finn. I thought he died back on Starkiller Base and I actually felt anger towards Kylo Ren for what he did, but I kept thinking about how Finn would look at me if I killed Kylo… I couldn’t fail him in that way. I could not go down the path that Kylo did.” Rey nibbled on her bottom lip for a moment, “Why did he turn to the dark side?” Luke did not feel comfortable having that conversation, “What is done is done. We cannot dwell on the past.” Rey was not satisfied with that answer, “Yet we must learn from our past and we must understand his mind if we are to be successful.” Luke had to stop this conversation now, “Rey, you have a big heart, but that is your weakness. Ben Solo died when he gave himself entirely to the Dark Side. Ben Solo died when he butchered innocent children.” He started to choke on his own words; the sadness that he kept inside was threatening to spill over. “I can still feel their life force being snuffed out through the Force.” Rey was saddened by this and went to her Masters side. She placed her hand on his shoulder, “It’s ok to talk about it. I know what it is like to be so alone and have no one to talk to for so long. You don’t have to be alone anymore.” These words comforted him to the core and it shocked him how much his padawan, had such a big impact on him. His tears began to flow freely and he realized he was finally allowing himself to grieve for all those lives lost and he was grieving for Ben too; his own family. Rey stayed by her Masters side trying to comfort him during this and he was grateful for her company. He did not realize that when he exiled himself, he was also isolating himself from his own mind. When he did this, he completely immersed himself into the Force believing that it would sustain him and it did just that, but only at a physical level. He completely numbed himself to everything and, in a way, had tunnel vision in the Force to keep himself from feeling anything. After thinking for a moment, Luke came to realize that he had made an error when talking to Rey, “I must apologize for what I said earlier about Ben Solo. It was not my place to condemn him. We all have the potential for redemption and I believe it with all my heart. I believed it with my Father and I have to believe it for my Nephew. However, we cannot let that blind us from the possibility that he may never come back to the light.” Rey nodded, “I understand, Master.” She ran her hand through his hair and stared deeply into Luke’s eyes. She was curled up in his lap which comforted him. Luke placed his cold, metallic hand behind Rey’s head and brought her lips in for a kiss. They stayed like this for a little while, comforting each other in their pain. Rey knew their status and age would make things complicated, but she clung to this comfort. He comforted a need that she had craved for so long on Jakku; to be cared for and loved. However, she felt that Luke needed this as much as she did. Rey began to grind herself on Luke and he hissed pleasure, “Are you sure Rey?” “I believe I made myself clear I wanted it the last time, Master.” Rey breathed. Luke allowed him to give into the pleasure his padawan was creating, “Rey, you don’t have to call me Master when we pleasure each other. You can call me Luke.” Rey smiled, “Okay, Luke.” The two hungrily joined their lips in a fiery passion as they started peeling each other out of their clothes. Luke easily picked Rey up and she kept her legs wrapped around his hips as he guided them to one of the pilot’s chairs in the cockpit. Rey quirked an eyebrow when she realized where they were. Luke smirked, “I had always wanted to do it in here, but trying to sneak onto Han’s ship was really hard with Chewbacca around.” Rey laughed at Luke as they finished pulling the last of their garments off. She angled herself so Luke could guide her onto him, fully sheathing himself inside of her. “Oh kriff you feel good!” Rey moaned. Luke placed his hand on her backside and started moving them together as Rey gripped the back of the chair, just above Luke’s head. The view of her breasts were mesmerizing as Luke continued to grind her onto him, watching them sway before him. He slid his metallic hand down her round rump, dipping a robotic finger in the juices they were creating to get it nice and slick. “Lean forward and arch your back, Rey.” Rey obeyed and felt his slick robotic finger rub the entrance to her anus. Her eyes opened wide at the sensation, but Luke grinded his cock harder into her, eliciting a few naughty words from his padawan’s mouth. He playfully nipped at her nipple, distracting her, as he slipped his finger in and he could feel the overwhelming pleasure fill them both through her Force signature. “Ohhhhh Luke!” She began moving her hips faster and felt his metal finger moving in and out at the same time he pumped his cock faster inside of her. The double penetration was new and overwhelming, but Rey loved it. Luke was in absolute bliss as he closed his eyes and Rey wanted to know what he was seeing. She pushed through the Force to his mind, like she did to Kylo while being interrogated, and was shocked at what she saw. Luke was imagining this beautiful woman with fierce red hair and emerald green eyes. She was looking down lovingly on him and then Luke ran his hand over her lips, “I love you.” Rey immediately pulled out of his mind and that’s when he noticed the intrusion. They both froze, not sure what to do. Luke pulled his hands away, “We don’t have to continue if you don’t wish to.” Rey didn’t hide her irritation as she climbed off and picked up her garments, “Had I known I wasn’t your type, then we wouldn’t have ever started!” Luke was blushing as he got up himself to clean off. He slowly put his robes back on after Rey stormed off into the refresher on board. He knew he needed to explain himself. After a few minutes, Rey came back out with a blank expression on her face trying to be professional around her Master. “You don’t need to hide your anger, Padawan. You deserve an explanation, if you are willing to hear it.” Luke pleaded. Rey thought for a moment before sitting cross legged, “I’m ready when you are, Master.” Luke took a deep breath, “That was my wife you saw.” Rey caught her breath at the confession. She didn’t know what to say, but Luke continued in her silence anyway, “Her name was Mara Jade and she was killed with the other Masters trying to defend the Jedi Academy when it came under attack.” It made sense why he was thinking about this woman while they were having sex and Rey felt ashamed for intruding on her Masters thoughts. Luke waved away her embarrassment, “I was practically displaying my intimate thoughts like it was on a screen to you and I apologize for that. I got carried away.” Rey had tears in her eyes, “She was very beautiful, Master. I am so sorry you lost her.” Luke tried to comfort his Padawan, “She died a hero, doing what she believed in. I take comfort in that.” There was an urgent beeping in the cockpit and Rey went to investigate it. She did not recognize the call sign from whoever was hailing them, but it worried her that whoever this person was knew the ship and possibly the occupants. Putting her hand over the flashing button, Rey calmed herself before answering, “What’s your business?” “Rey is that you? It’s me, Poe Dameron!” Rey jumped in excitement, “Poe?! Is that really you? It feels like it has been ages since we last talked.” There was a chuckle at the other end, “It’s wonderful to hear your voice Rey. Where are you? I have to admit I took a gamble seeing if you would even be in the ship to answer my call or even get my message.” “We were heading back to you at the resistance base on Takodana.” Rey replied. “Thank the Force you are coming back. Wait a minute… what do you mean we?” Poe was concerned who the unknown party was. Rey looked behind her to see Luke in the threshold, “Luke Skywalker is accompanying me.” “So you did find him.” There was a shout of joy from the pilot, “Everyone is going to be happy to hear this! We need all the help we can get. The First Order has been picking us off slowly and we took a brutal beating. General Leia has been taken and we are having a hard time locating her. We thought she was dead.” Feeling her knees start to buckle, Rey sat in the pilot’s chair, “How did that happen?” There was a moment of silence before Poe continued, “Look Rey, I know you have missed a lot since your journey, but I can’t get into specifics now. We have an idea where the First Order may have her, but we do not have the man power or weaponry to bail her out right now. I need you to focus on getting here safely and we will brief you. By the way, Finn asked me to tell you that he misses you.” Rey’s heart filled with overwhelming joy and she found tears of happiness threatening to flow down her cheeks, “Tell him I miss him too and I’ll be there soon. I can’t wait to see all of you again.” “I’m going to send the encrypted base coordinates and hail sign to your navigation system now so you can get in without any issues. May the Force be with you.” Poe signed off and Rey looked to Luke with a satisfied smile, until she saw how stoic his face had become. Luke continued to stare out into the dark space that surrounded their ship, “I fear Snoke is going to make sure Ben Solo’s loyalty is absolute.” ***** Finn was lying on his back, staring up at the ceiling of his room. It was still uncomfortable to lie on his back, but it was not painful like it was a few months ago. His door opened and he did not have to look to know it was the medical droid coming to give him his pain reliever for the day. A small pinch met his right arm and the liquid relief flowed through his body. He closed his eyes as the medicine did its work, but he was looking forward to when he could be completely medicine free. They had drastically reduced his medicine after his successful physical training and it was a welcome relief to feel some independence again. After the medicine started to kick in, Finn slowly sat up and moved to the edge of the bed so the medical droid could do his inspection. After some poking and prodding, the medical droid had a hum of satisfaction, “Sir, the surgeons are pleased that your body has not rejected the artificial titanium steel spine. Are you experiencing any pain still before you get your daily pain medication?” Finn shook his head, “No, I just experience discomfort when I try to lie down on it when I sleep.” “That should pass with time.” The medical droid motioned for Finn to stand up and he obliged, bending forward slightly so as not to fall over; he was glad to have a droid inspecting him in this state of undress instead of person. The droid squeezed on his knees and then used a portable x-ray scanner to look at his legs, “Your body has accepted the titanium rods running alongside your bones into your artificial knee. You have made great progress. I will let the medical team know to reduce your pain medication to once every two weeks.” Finn was pleased with this, “Thank you.” The medical droid rolled out of his room and Finn started to flex his legs as he got ready for the day. Looking in the mirror, he was happy that he could walk again even if it meant several surgeries and long physical therapy, but he would not allow himself to be confined to a wheel chair; he would not do that to Rey or Poe. He turned his right shoulder forward to inspect the artificial spine that ran on along his back. Kylo Ren sliced through his actual spine and he was paralyzed from all of his nerves being cut by Kylo’s light saber. Finn felt anger surface up again as he thought about the events on StarKiller Base. However, he took a deep breath and thought about the great work the surgeons did creating a new spine and even though most of it was on the outside of his back, the rest of their work was on the inside. The titanium rods and artificial knees were necessary to help him to walk and stand up straight with the new spine. They went through the long process of creating artificial nerves to help stitch his severed nerves back together and connect them to the artificial spine, hence why he had to take pain medication for a long time. Putting on his shirt and his new jacket, Finn was ready to take a long walk. ***** Leia felt she was having a moment of déjà vu being in a hard, cold, metal prison in the First Order base. She was a prisoner by her own Father from the Empire and now she was a prisoner by her own Son from the First Order. Fate had a wicked sense of humor for her and her family. Her hair was a bit of a mess from the explosion and she felt some stitching on her head, undoubtedly put on while she was unconscious. She frowned when she realized that the First Order still boarded her ship they fired upon in order to secure her. She wondered if the rest of her officers and advisors were killed in the attempt. The blast door to her cell opened followed by two storm troopers and General Hux, “Good evening General Leia. I see that you are well.” General Leia wanted to roll her eyes, but she decided to play his political game, “Yes, General Hux, I assure you my accommodations are adequate. Tell me, are there other resistance prisoners here with me?” General Hux smirked, “I’m sorry but I cannot divulge that and I’m sure you knew the answer to that question.” Leia did of course, “It can’t help to try, General.” General Hux motioned towards one of his guards and the guard stepped out for a minute before returning with a medical droid. General Hux looked at Leia, “Our Supreme Leader wants to make sure that you are well rested for questioning.” Leia chuckled at this, “Let’s cut the crap. We both know that I will be tortured, but I assure you that I will not break; the Empire tried as well but failed.” General Hux was irritated at this, but he didn’t allow her to see it, “Very well, General, this is your only courtesy call. We want you to end the Resistance or that little battle we had will be the least of your worries. What makes you think we don’t have another weapon like StarKiller base? We will use it on every planet that even has Resistance finger prints all over it.” Leia was getting worried at this conversation, but she kept her stone face demeanor intact, “I know you’re bluffing. The First Order must have put every resource into that base and now you have to start over. I highly doubt you have another super weapon built into a planet just waiting to be used on innocent and unsuspecting victims. So no, the Resistance is not going anywhere whether I am their General or not and I’m pretty sure your Supreme Leader knows this as well.” General Hux flexed his jaw a few times before responding, “You have made your decision and you have stated that you understand the consequences. Therefore, whatever happens will not be on my conscious, General. I’ll have a droid come send you a meal if you are hungry.” “I appreciate that, General. Do pass along a message to Snoke for me though.” General Hux’s curiosity was peaked, “What shall I send him?” Leia stood ramrod straight to get her point across, “Tell Snoke, that I will not hesitate to destroy him for what he has done to my family whether it is in this life or the next. I will not stop until I have justice for my husband, my brother, and my son.” “If that will be all, I shall take my leave.” General Hux gave a curt nod before leaving the prison cell and his body guards closing the blast door behind them. ***** Chapter 8 : Reunions Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Poe Dameron was flashing his big smile, along with that natural swagger he possessed, as he waited outside the docking bay for Rey and Luke. He rocked back and forth on his boots until the Master and Padawan duo appeared, carrying some of their personal items. Rey took off at a sprint until she jumped onto Poe knocking the skilled pilot off of his feet. The two were talking over each other between hugs and laughter as Luke waited for them to get off the floor. As Rey stood up, she dusted herself off as she started introductions, “Poe this is Luke Skywalker. Luke, this is Poe Dameron; he is the most skilled pilot of the resistance, probably the whole galaxy!” Poe chuckled as he extended his hand to Luke, “I don’t know about that since I’m shaking hands with the best pilot from the Alliance. My parents told me so many stories about you. I’m sure the First Order will be worried having you back in the fight!” Luke’s mechanical hand felt odd in Poe’s hand, but it got the younger pilot excited for the future of the Resistance. Luke folded his arms, “I wish to speak with who is in charge. I fear General Leia will not have much time if we do not act now.” Poe was in awe of his mannerism’s and how he spoke, “I’ll take you to the command center. Rey, I can take you to see Finn whenever you like.” Rey’s face lit up at that, “I would not want to keep him waiting!” The trio made their way down the winding hallways towards the command center, but Finn intercepted them. When he heard the Millennium Falcon was on base, he had to see if it was true and seeing Rey there made his heart leap with joy, “Rey! You’re back!” “Finn! You look wonderful!” The two embraced for a while, overwhelmed with joy upon seeing each other. Rey could feel the rough edges of metal through his shirt, “What have they done to your back?” Finn pulled away, “They had to basically hardwire me after the number Kylo Ren did to my back. We can talk about the specifics later. I’m just so glad that you are ok.” “I hate to interrupt the reunion, but we should all get to the command center soon.” Poe turned to lead the group further into the base. Rey was impressed by how fast and efficiently the base was put together during her time with Luke. It was rough in design, but it felt safe and she could see many busy workers going about their tasks even as they snuck a glance here and there to see if the rumors were true that the great Master Jedi Luke Skywalker was among them. As they passed a view port, Rey stopped in her tracks as she looked outside to see a memorial in the clearing surrounded by trees. There were flowers blooming in orange and pink colors off of the branches and Chewbacca was seen staring at a flame surrounded by bright white marble stones. Rey walked up to the glass and put her hand on it as she watched the Wookie kneel onto the ground and run his furry hand over a specific stone. Finn came up behind Rey and put his hand on her shoulder, “The natives came and helped us build this memorial to represent everyone we have lost in the Republic and the Resistance. They placed these beautiful white stones around it and Chewbacca put Han Solo’s name on one of them. I think a lot of people haven’t had the chance to grieve over the loss of loved ones and this memorial was what we all needed.” Nodded, Rey wiped a few tears away from her eyes, “It’s beautiful and very touching. Thank you for telling me about it.” Luke bowed his head in a solemn prayer for the loss of his friend and brother in-law. Knowing the killing blow was dealt by his nephew, Han’s own son, made it that much harder and Luke wondered if Leia was even able to properly grieve. Stay strong sister; the Force is with you. He wasn’t sure if she would hear it, but she had been in tight spots before and knowing her, she would get out if they couldn’t get to her. The group continued their journey until Poe stopped before a droid. He handed the droid a card and after a few seconds, the droid returned the card and opened the blast doors for them. The command center was cramped, but it had every indication of serving several purposes for the Resistance. “There you are Poe!” A grey female with messy white hair and a fresh jagged scar across her face walked over to the group. Poe gave a crisp salute before introducing the group, “Captain, this is Rey and Luke Skywalker.” “It’s a pleasure to meet you. I am Captain Pleiadian. Forgive me if I seem rash at times, but under the circumstances, we had two of our Captains killed, my Commanding Officer killed, and our General taken. Our Admirals had to quickly move some of our officers around and I was promoted from Lieutenant Commander over night.” Captain Pleiadian showed some nervousness around the group, but Luke gave a reassuring look, “I’m sure you are capable of leading from your position. I would like to be brought up to speed with our current situation. Time is of the essence.” “Of course, this way please.” Captain Pleiadian walked them over to the massive command table, in the center of the room, where the other officers and Admirals were waiting. A blue protocol droid was going over tactical data with Admiral Ackbar and Admiral Statura as the others were listening in. Major Taslin Brance interrupted, “How do we know General Leia is on Mustafar? If that is true, there is no way we can get to her since intelligence shows this is the focus of their base operations now. We would be outnumbered greatly.” The blue protocol droid, PZ-4CO, continued, “Mustafar continues to be a major network for the First Order to operate out of. During the Clone Wars, there were many mining companies that worked for the Empire situated there. It is logical that it would be used for the First Order to create their technology for their military and build up arms there. Since StarKiller Base is destroyed, it would be the only place sizeable for them to rebuild. General Leia had to have been taken there.” Admiral Ackbar cut in, “There is still the matter of our numbers being too small to take on such a sizeable fortress. I fear that we cannot spare the numbers right now to rescue the General.” “I know my sister would not want you to.” Luke Skywalker felt the room grow quiet as all eyes turned towards him. If Admiral Ackbar’s eyes could get any wider, then it did during this moment, “I did not think you would be returning to us Master Skywalker. It does me good to see an old friend!” “It is good to see such trusted colleagues around my sister. As I said before, my sister would not want you to risk any more lives for hers. We are in a delicate balance where we are weak in numbers, but strong in support. The First Order is strong in numbers, but lost much of its power at the loss of their super weapon and base on StarKiller. This will be a test of wills on who has the most patience before coming out to strike. So the Resistance course of action should be to not go after the General because that is what the First Order wants. You keep her alive by not chasing after her.” There was a solemn silence in the command center as everyone took in what Luke just said. Rey was going through every scenario in her mind, but was interrupted by a hand in hers. She looked over to see Finn holding her hand and she could feel that he was afraid of what Luke was about to say. The motion moved her emotionally and she squeezed his hand to comfort him. He turned to look at her and she tried to convey, through her eyes, that everything was going to be alright. Luke continued, “I suggest you send me and my padawan to go get her. We would be a small group that could get in and out much easier than a resistance fighter. Plus, you can’t afford to lose anymore of your people.” “I’ll go too.” Finn spoke up. Rey was going to plead with him that he couldn’t, but she could feel her Master’s gaze on her and as she turned to look at him, she could see the disapproving look on his face when he looked at their hands. She let go immediately, “Finn, I don’t think this is a wise idea.” Finn stood ramrod straight either out of pride or his military training within the First Order, “I would be a great asset to the both of you considering I am from the First Order.” Major Taslin Brance nodded, “That would be a good idea to bring someone with you from the inside.” However Captain Pleiadian disagreed, “We would have better use from him if we kept him safe here and working in the command center to gather intelligence. He has intimate knowledge of the First Order.” “Unfortunately, that is where you are wrong, Captain.” Finn hated that they were talking about him being only useful for information, “The First Order has a need to know protocol that keeps storm troopers, like me, from having intimate information of the First Order. Even Captain Phasma, my former direct commanding officer, only has knowledge within her frame of authority.” Luke agreed with Finn, “Snoke would be the only one who knows the First Orders dealings completely. I believe that even Kylo Ren and General Hux only know the information that Snoke gives them. It would be detrimental to Snoke if he lost control to either one of them.” “So then you agree that I am coming.” Finn made his statement so there was no question if he was coming or not. Luke was worried that his involvement would only cloud his Padawan’s judgment, but he could feel Finn’s resolve was absolute, “Yes, you will accompany us.” Rey was shocked, but elated all the same that Finn would be coming with them. As everyone continued to discuss plans on how to get to the General and how they would be re-building their fleet, Rey could tell Luke had detached himself from the conversation and was in deep thought. She felt a form of invasion into her mind, like she felt when Kylo Ren tried to get the map from her, but she knew it was Luke trying to communicate with her. I can sense your fear, Padawan. Do you fear for yourself or for your friend? Rey knew Luke was making sure the Jedi code was instilled within her from all their training; I confess that I fear for Finn, not for myself. Luke shifted his gaze towards the officers again; Remember there is no emotion, there is only peace. My sister is a strong woman and I have peace knowing that she will know what to do whether I am there or not. You have to believe that for Finn too. Rey nodded in acknowledgement feeling her fear subsiding. She knew Finn was strong willed and loyal and that was where her fear came from; the feeling that she would watch her friend die fighting the First Order and she didn’t want to lose anyone else. ***** Mustafar had harsh conditions to live in on the surface and the air would be full of ash and sulfur from time to time. When Illyana stepped off of her ship, she immediately gagged and pulled some cloth up over her nose and mouth. Daxxus and Menkib took the lead as Illyana followed suit into the hangar bay with the rest of her crew. She was consciously looking around, finding a way to have a quick exit if she saw Kylo Ren. Captain Phasma was waiting and Illyana went straight to her. Reaching into her bag, Illyana pulled out an encrypted data pad, “All three trackers were placed on Resistance Recruiter ships on Nar Shaddaa.” “The General will be pleased.” Captain Phasma took the data pad and headed back into the base. Illyana felt relieved to be done and looked at Daxxus, “Dax, I need a drink.” “I agree!” Daxxus was elated to be back. They made their way into the winding corridor in search of the refreshment when Illyana stopped suddenly. She looked around real quick before whispering, “He’s near…. quick, there has to be a maintenance access corridor hidden around here.” Daxxus looked puzzled but helped Illyana anyway, “Found it.” They opened it and slipped inside, the door closing behind the two just as Kylo Ren rounded the corner. Illyana moved fast, dodging cables, until they came out of the maintenance access door into another hallway. Daxxus was trying to catch his breath, “What the hell was that about?!” Illyana blushed, “It’s embarrassing.” Daxxus cocked an eyebrow, “Do tell.” Illyana started walking again, “Not here, it’s too public.” They continued making their way around the base to find the bar. Illyana wasn’t sure how she would ever face Kylo the same again. ***** Kylo Ren could feel her presence and was determined to see her. His steps were heavy and with purpose making any person move out of his way. As he rounded the corner, he saw the maintenance access door close and felt her running from him. He smirked under his mask before continuing down the corridor, focusing on his other task. General Hux was waiting for him in the interrogation room. “Should we move our prisoner here?” he asked. Kylo Ren thought for a moment, “No, she would expect that General. I’ll go to her.” General Hux gave a curt nod before showing him where she was being held. Kylo was actually surprised that they were able to get their hands on his mother. He knew this would be a major test for him as it was with his own father. He felt confident that he would succeed. Eventually they made it down to the prison cells and he stood off to the side while General Hux keyed in his administration code that opened the prison cell door. General Hux stepped aside as Kylo Ren stepped inside. General Leia sat up as she watched her son walk in, “I was wondering when they were going to send you.” General Hux closed and locked the prison cell door behind him and stood outside. He would give a full report to Supreme Leader Snoke after Kylo Ren was done. Leia looked up in disbelief at her son Ben Solo. She could still see the young, confused boy she took so long ago to her brother, but the evil persona, standing before her, would do everything in his power to keep her from connecting with her lost son. Leia understood that this could be the last time that she would ever get to say anything to redeem her son and that frightened her, but she could not let Snoke or Kylo Ren see that. Sitting up straight, the irony was not lost on her that not only did her father, Darth Vader, question and torture her, but now her own son would as well. Kylo Ren knew his mask would not intimidate her and he removed it after General Hux locked the door behind him, “I hope I haven’t kept you waiting too long, General. There is a war going on that needs my undivided attention at times.” Leia didn’t let his mocking tone get under her skin, “Well I take it that this will be quick. There’s no need to waste your time because I will tell you nothing and you know this already.” Kylo chuckled, “I know you’re a stubborn woman, but everyone has their breaking point, General.” “Well Snoke definitely found yours, didn’t he Ben?” Leia wanted to get in his head, but maybe she was only going to make things worse for herself. Kylo’s fists started trembling, his anger already surfacing, “Do not call me by that name.” Standing up, Leia stood firm, “I am the one who gave birth to you! As your mother, I will call you by the name I gave you because it pleases me. Kylo Ren is a perversion of my son and I refuse to acknowledge him. You will always be my Ben.” The tension was thick as the two stared each other down. Kylo closed his eyes to make himself be calm again; she is only testing your resolve. Opening his eyes, Kylo could see how well Leia masked her emotions and a small part of him wondered if he got that from her, “Please sit, General, we have much to discuss.” Leia tried to politely deny his request, “I’m perfectly fine with standing.” Irritated, Kylo flicked his wrist towards the unsuspecting General and she gave a slight howl from being forced into a seated position against the cold metal bench. Kylo needed her to know who was in charge and it would not be her, “That wasn’t so hard now was it?” The click of his tongue sent shivers down Leia’s spine. She knew she had to tread lightly. After a short moment, Kylo continued, “You are going to give me what I want, General. I know this because you would do anything to keep your brother and your little Resistance safe.” Leia perked up at hearing this. She knew Rey successfully found Luke after they put the map together, but how would the First Order know where he was? Kylo clutched his hands behind his back as he paced, “Did you really think sending that scavenger girl from Jakku to retrieve Luke Skywalker was smart? I figured you would give her the Millennium Falcon after Han’s death and I tracked it.” Kylo had to show that he believed his own lies when it came to his mother and he could see it was beginning to work. Leia was in her mind searching to see if any of it was true. She was so distracted that she didn’t realize her son was in her mind until he spoke up again, “Ah yes, even as we speak you desperately search for him. You would do anything he wanted just like you did when you abandoned your son.” Frustrated, Leia shoved him out of her head and stood up again, “You think I’m stupid enough to believe you have Luke Skywalker here? And I don’t know where you get this idea that you were abandoned! Your father and I loved you and did what we thought was necessary to protect you.” Kylo Ren was clearly insulted, but he would not let himself be distracted. He continued to press his strategy onto her, “I never said we had Luke. We intercepted Rey when she left him. She never did tell us why she was by herself, but we have reason to believe it was to come see you. She is such a strong woman, but she doesn’t have your resolve. In fact, I’ve been so busy torturing her that I almost forgot you were here.” Without thinking, General Leia lunged at Kylo and the action caught him by surprise. Leia was able to land a swift punch to his face before he kicked her off of him. Leia landed hard on the concrete floor, clutching her stomach as she tried to breathe. Kylo wiped the blood off of his mouth with the back of his glove as he towered over his mother, “Get up you stupid bitch.” Leia slowly sat up and for the first time ever was afraid of her own son. She felt that she blew her chance to redeem him and truly felt that maybe Ben Solo was dead. Growing impatient, Kylo grabbed a fistful of her hair and dragged her back up onto the small bench in the prison cell. Leia howled in agony as her head felt like it was on fire. The throbbing gave her a massive headache, but pain meant she was still alive and she couldn’t help but think of Han at this moment. She thought of his features, his graying hair, and his scuffed boots that he would never polish. Was he scared of Kylo before he was killed by his own son? “Why did you kill him?” Breathing heavily, Kylo’s patience was running thin. He continued the interrogation, “Where is the Resistance operating from?” He was seething and Leia knew she was in danger, but she quickly realized something from his statement, “You don’t have Rey because if you did, all you would have to do was check the navigation system to see her destination. You would have already been at the base and Snoke certainly would not be keeping me alive.” Kylo hated how perceptive his mother was, but it didn’t stop him from forcing his way into her mind. He could hear, distantly, how she screamed out in terror, but he kept searching for what he needed. He could see a command center with important people of the Resistance, but he pushed that aside. He could see the medic center with that traitor Finn being worked on and it disappointed Kylo that his saber didn’t kill him. Moving on, he thought he was about to hone in on what he needed until he felt a heavy presence from the Force block him. Suddenly, Luke’s voice was in his head; ENOUGH BEN! Kylo felt himself ripped away from his prize and he fell backwards in shock as Leia stayed curled in a ball, trembling and hyperventilating. It was strange hearing Luke’s voice in his head and Kylo Ren felt it was time to leave. Picking himself back up, Kylo threw his mask on and used the Force to unlock the door. General Hux was waiting and was about to ask how it went, but Kylo stormed past him to speak with Snoke about what just happened. He was afraid Luke Skywalker was coming to get General Leia and he had to be prepared to face his old Master. His feet moved on their own as he became lost in thought about what had just happened in there. Yet it excited him that Luke was out of his exile. Now I can show him how powerful I have become. He entered Snokes throne room and was not surprised that his Master was already waiting for him. “I felt him as well during your interrogation of General Leia. This is disturbing news indeed.” Snoke was looking up towards the ceiling searching for something as Kylo kneeled before him. “Yes, Master. It seems my old master has decided to come out of hiding once and for all.” Snoke sneered, “Finish what Lord Vader started and destroy the last of the Jedi. You have done well, Kylo Ren. General Leia is useful to us alive now, but that will soon change. Go and prepare yourself for I can feel that Skywalker wishes to come here.” Kylo gave a slight bow before rising to his feet and leaving the throne room. He had a lot to meditate on before assembling the Knights of Ren. Notes: I have been wanting to get this chapter out for a while. I kept imagining what an interrogation between Leia and Kylo would be like. I truly believe he would be so blinded by his idolatry of Darth Vader that he would hurt his own mother. He already killed his own father in cold blood. Now the question becomes, would he be able to do that to his mother?? I still struggle with the question because it could go both ways!! Thank you for taking time out of your day to read my story. I truly appreciate the kudos and messages I have been receiving!! Chapter 9 : Rescue Mission Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) C-3PO dragged his feet across the desert floor towards his next destination. He had been searching far and wide for over a week now in order to fulfill Leia’s mission for him. He didn’t want to fail her or the Resistance, but when he saw he was back on Tatooine and heading to Jabba’s Palace, he almost wanted to turn and go the other way. The only thing keeping his golden body moving forward was when a local regaled him of tales of what happened to the palace. C-3PO could only be happy to hear that the Hutt’s had been run off, but he shuddered to think how much worse these new people could be. It had been a long day for Victor and he was ready to hear from some of his crew on a shipment. As if on cue, his comlink chirped at him, “What’s the update?” There was a small pause before a voice responded, “We showed up to pick up the package and our sellers never arrived.” Victor looked at his comlink stunned, “I see… we will discuss this further when you get back. I have to go, apparently I have visitors.” Victor turned off communication as he saw a droid enter the main room. The gold droid briskly walked up to him, but one of his crew stopped him before he got any closer, “Hello sir, I am C-3PO, human-cyborg relations. I am on a secret mission sent from General Leia of the Resistance herself. We’ve had some problems…” Victor held up his hand to silence the droid, “Wait a minute, you actually want me to believe that the Resistance is so desperate that they come looking to an old criminal like me to help them out.” The room lit up with laughter, a few whistles, and mumbling at the odd request, but Victor needed proof they were indeed from the Resistance and not a ruse sent by the First Order. It was chilling to know that Illyana Ruana was working for them and possibly Kylo Ren himself, so this could have been a set up to get him to go against the order and get caught. Illyana knew he was after her and that he put a pretty price on her head. The atmosphere was tense for C-3PO and so the gold droid looked around the room, “The locals were right; many changes have been made to Jabba’s Palace.” A rough looking criminal made his way over to the droid, “The Hutts have all been chased away from here and I should gut you and sell you for scraps for even mentioning them in here.” A few cheers broke out and Victor smirked at the state of affairs. C-3PO began to panic, “The Resistance is doomed! I knew this was a bad idea.” “Alright, everyone calm down, I’m sure we can sort this all out. How do we know you are not actually here from the First Order?” Victor got closer to inspect the droid. C-3PO continued on, “I’m terribly sorry about all this, but the General is desperate for help. The Starkiller Base eradicated the Republic Senate and most of their fire power has been destroyed. They are low on weapons and resources needed to fight against the First Order. If you wish to verify I belong to the General, I can let you inspect my memory boards.” Victor thought for a moment while taking all of this information in. This old droid couldn’t possibly be from the First Order because they had the kind of funding that the Resistance never had. All their shiny new weaponry and toys are far too advanced to have an old threepio unit running missions. However, his own business, on weapons, had come to an abrupt halt with the First Order scaring off would be buyers from all the bounties they had put out. It was how Illyana got involved in his affairs in the first place, albeit a lot of it was probably personal towards him. This could be a huge opportunity to help knock down the First Order a peg. He didn’t care who won, but he did care if he got his money, “What is the payout if we do this?” C-3PO jerked in surprised, “Money should not be a problem for the General. You would have compensation.” Nodding in approval, Victor looked at some of his closest men and they just shrugged, “Your call, boss.” Victor looked at threepio, “Let’s do it then.” “Thank the Maker! We saved the Resistance!” C-3PO happily went with Victor into another room to discuss the details of weapons and supplies needed. “I must ask if you have an oil bath here. I’ve got such a bad case of dust contamination, I can barely move!” ***** Illyana had been avoiding Kylo Ren all week. The constant dodging and looking over her shoulders was starting to take its toll mentally on her. She knew she couldn’t keep doing this forever and had to get over her embarrassment sooner than later. However, she could feel herself blushing again as she thought about it. Sighing in frustration, she grabbed another wrench and continued to work on her ship with her crew. She her ear buds in as she listened to music with a hypnotic beat to try to keep her mind focused on the rhythm, moving her head and body to the melody at times. Repairing the ship helped keep her mind off of it for a while, but now she couldn’t shake it, nor could she shake the feeling that Kylo had been watching her from one of the control rooms in their hangar. In fact she could feel his eyes on her right now. That slight distraction was enough for her to accidentally cut a line and hydraulic fluid sprayed on her hands, arms, and shirt. “Great!” Tossing her tool and ear buds aside, Illyana slid off the ship onto the hangar bay floor and started to walk towards a work station that had a sink. She rubbed her hands and arms with a towel before she grabbed some soap and started scrubbing. “This is absolutely ridiculous…” Illyana mumbled to herself. “I’m acting like a child. He should be the one apologizing to me for meddling in my fantasy!” After she finished scrubbing, she inspected her shirt and realized she needed to change it. She looked up from the workstation to see if Kylo was around and she saw him staring at her from one of the hangar bay entrances on the west side. Illyana almost forgot to breathe at just seeing him there. Trying to muster up some courage, she stood taller and was about to start walking towards him, but felt self conscious again. Her fear overcame her and she turned to her left, heading straight for one of the Southside exits as fast as her feet would carry her. Just get to your room…. just get to your room… Daxxus appeared in front of her, “Hey you made a real mess out of that line you just destroyed!” Illyana huffed, “I know, Dax. I didn’t mean to.” Illyana turned to look where Kylo was, only to see the entrance now empty. Daxxus followed her line of sight and groaned, “This again? Girlfriend, you just need to get on with it and fuck him already.” Shocked, Illyana crossed her arms, “What makes you think that is a solution to this problem?!” Daxxus placed his hands on his hips, “The fact that you haven’t been properly laid, since Victor kept you as his property, tells me your sex drive is hyperventilating for some action.” Her eyes narrowed at her trusted friend and confidant because she was annoyed that he would suggest such a thing. However, Illyana felt that some of his words rang true and it was a nice thought to want to be with someone who didn’t own her or have claim to her body like property. In fact, she had been so disgusted by men, after what happened to her, that the idea of a one night stand or having a lover never crossed her mind until Kylo fucking Ren had to awaken the vixen within her that has been aching to get out. Daxxus quirked an eyebrow, “I can see that pretty little mind of yours working. I’m just saying that maybe you should throw yourself into the flames instead of walking around them this time.” Illyana nibbled on her bottom lip, “I’m just afraid to get burned, Dax.” Looking at his friend knowingly, Daxxus pulled her into a hug, “I know cupcake, but take a chance sometime.” Illyana returned the embrace before remembering she had fluid all over her shirt, “Oh crap, I got it on you.” The two exchanged a laugh before Dax headed to the sink, “You owe me a new line on our ship. By the way, lover boy is watching.” He said that part loud enough that Illyana knew Kylo must have heard it. She steeled herself as she saw he was standing in the hangar bay this time and half of the First Order Engineers did not know what to do with themselves out of fear that he was there to explode on everybody. Acting as if his presence did not bother her, Illyana turned towards the exit she was headed towards earlier and calmly left the hangar. Once she felt out of sight, her feet picked up the pace. Putting as much distance between them as possible, Illyana felt her pulse quicken with the battle of emotions and logic raging within her. She found herself in a huge room with towering power generators and realized she got herself lost. Walking around, she went through a different door, hoping to get to the hallway she needed to be in. She found herself in another room with several different control panel boards, but not a soul in sight for her to ask for help. Illyana leaned against a large computer sighing in frustration and pulled out her comlink to radio for help when she felt a pair of hands grip her shoulders and turned her around. Illyana began to subconsciously walk backwards as she stared into Kylo Ren’s intense brown eyes. She felt her back touch cold metal and Kylo closed the gap between them placing his hands on the wall behind Illyana, “You have been avoiding me all week.” Illyana clenched her jaw trying to say something, but felt like a mute. Kylo quirked an eyebrow, “Why?” Illyana scoffed, “You know why.” Kylo leaned in till his lips were close to Illyana’s left ear, “You don’t have to be ashamed of your fantasies, Illyana. I rather enjoyed it.” Mustering up her strength, Illyana pushed Kylo off of her, “My thoughts are private and I shouldn’t have to worry about you poking around in them!” Kylo gave a dark chuckle, “I didn’t have to do much digging. You were practically displaying them out in the open for me. I didn’t realize I had that effect on you.” Frustrated, Illyana crossed her arms, “Oh please, you are so full of yourself! I could have been fantasizing about anyone really.” Kylo, taking that as a bluff, closed the distance and shoved Illyana against the wall, “As I recall, you were begging me to pleasure you.” He passionately took her lips with his and Illyana melted against him. All of the embarrassment she had left and feeling his body up against hers had a profound effect on her as she wrapped her arms around his neck, deepening the kiss. Kylo was very happy at this turn of events and took advantaged by pushing the boundaries of their position and grinded himself on Illyana. Opening her eyes immediately, Illyana pulled back taking control of the situation, “I… I need to go.” Being a gentleman, Kylo backed off and the both of them composed themselves. Illyana blushed then smiled, “I promise not to avoid you anymore.” Kylo smirked, “I thought I was going to have to strap you to a chair if you kept avoiding me.” Illyana chuckled, “Well, not to worry then. By the way, I honestly have no idea where I am going to get back to my room from here.” “I thought so.” Kylo replied as he put his mask back on; leading Illyana through the twisted maze of corridors before them. ***** Luke Skywalker was feeling his age catch up to him at this very moment. Luke, Rey, and Finn had successfully been running reconnaissance the past two days on Mustafar and they were able to confirm the General’s location as well as her condition. Finn remembered where the spare uniforms were in the sanitation unit on Mustafar and was able to slip in and out with three of them. Luke could barely fit in his and Finn was trying to help him into it. Rey barely stifled a chuckle at the sight and Luke just smirked at his padawan. He could see the humor in it as well. Finn continued to talk to himself as he put each layer of the trooper uniform onto Luke, “That hooks there… buckle tucks in there…” Luke took a shallow breath, “I remember these being a lot simpler to put on many years ago.” Finn paused, “You’ve worn these before?” Luke chuckled at the memory, “This isn’t the first time I have had to rescue my sister out of a tight situation.” Rey’s respect for General Leia bloomed even more as she realized just how much this woman has sacrificed for everyone, “Was it at the hands of the Empire?” Finn was placing the breast plate on Luke as the Master looked at his Padawan, “That’s a story for another time. It’s actually how she met Han Solo too.” Rey beamed with excitement and vowed to remind her Master to tell the story. Even Finn looked excited to be regaled with stories from the past; he was learning so much from being away from the First Order. Rey was able to slip into hers with ease and Luke started helping her with Finn’s. Finn was surprised that his new spine and metal parts stayed flush enough to allow him to squeeze into a uniform he was all to familiar with. Rey looked at Finn as he slipped the helmet on, “How do you feel?” “To be honest,” Finn looked around, “It’s odd being in this again.” Rey put on her helmet, “My stars, it’s hot in this thing.” Luke tucked his light saber behind his right shin plate, “The sooner we slip Leia out, the better. We will follow Finn’s lead and use the Force only if our presence might raise some suspicion. I have a feeling that Snoke is expecting us to be here.” Finn felt his heart in his throat, but he wouldn’t let fear keep him from doing what needed to be done, “Well I don’t want to run into Kylo either. The armory is over here.” Finn was able to get into his old self rather easily and walked like he belonged there. Rey tried to mimic his movements in order to not raise suspicion. Surprisingly, the armory was not even guarded and Finn keyed in an old code that he prayed still worked. The light blinked from red to green and Finn handed each of them a blaster, “Perks of working sanitation. Nobody pays attention to it.” They made their way through the base and nobody second guessed the strangers place among them. This made the trio excited, but nervous at the same time. Luke slowly reached out, with the Force, to short distances around them in order to perceive threats. As much as he wanted to let his sister know he was here, he knew Snoke was watching her and it was inevitable that he would figure out who was here. Luke was also shielding Rey’s Force signature so that she would not be detected by Kylo Ren. He paused on that thought about having to face his nephew Ben again. “This corridor leads to the prison cells.” Finn motioned for them to follow him and Luke pushed Ben’s face from his thoughts as they marched down the long corridor to the prisoner receiving room. The Officer working looked up annoyed, “I’m not expecting new prisoners.” Finn took the lead, “We are here to escort a prisoner to interrogation.” The Officer looked confused and grabbed the clipboard from his subordinate, “Which prisoner?” “General Leia.” The Officer narrowed his eyes at Finn, “I have specific orders from General Hux that General Leia is not to leave her cell under any circumstances.” Luke’s right hand slightly reached forward, “Your orders are outdated. You must have missed a message from Kylo Ren needing to interrogate the General.” The Officer’s eyes clouded over a second before he turned to one of his subordinates, “Our orders are outdated. We missed a message from Kylo Ren needing to interrogate the General. Take the escort to her now.” “Yes sir.” A Petty Officer lead the way to the prison cells and finally came to a stop at General Leia’s holding cell. “The prisoner is inside. I shall put her in restraints for you.” He keyed the access code and the group walked into the prison cell to see General Leia standing with her pride and grace. She eyed the sudden flux in guards and calmly spoke, “I see that Kylo Ren himself couldn’t escort me to my own death.” The Petty Officer pulled out restraints and placed them on Leia’s wrists, “They are here to escort you to an interrogation room.” “Ah.” General Leia let a dark chuckle escape her lips, “I have heard how he tortures his victims.” She was led out of her cell and handed over to her escort; Luke, Rey, and Finn. As the Petty Officer guided the group back out of the prison cell hallways, Luke placed his hand on Leia’s left shoulder to convey who was with her. He could feel the sense of relief flooding from her through the Force and he quickly shrouded her Force signature: Careful sister for he watches. She immediately reigned in her emotions and became an apathetic shell again as Luke took his hand off of her. The trio continued to escort General Leia out into the main corridor as they passed through the receiving room. The Officer there still gave them a suspicious look and decided to ring General Hux himself. Something just didn’t set right with him on this. ***** General Hux was sipping on his hot beverage as he overlooked the reports on his desk. Most of it was mundane maintenance reports that graced his desk on a daily basis, but they were necessary to keep things running in tip top shape. It looked like there was another order for computer parts from the wing Kylo Ren stayed in. Hux cursed under his breath, “He really needs to reign in that temper or he will bankrupt us.” A knock on his door was a welcoming distraction, “what is it?” The door opened and his Cleric Officer peeked in, “Sir, Officer Lescomb is hailing you on your data pad comm.” The General arched an eyebrow at this, “Very well, thank you.” His door closed and his pulled up his data pad to answer the call. Officer Lescomb from the prison sector had been waiting patiently for his call to be answered, “General Hux, sir. I wanted to confirm that Kylo Ren needed the Resistance prisoner, General Leia, sent to interrogation.” General Hux slammed his drink down, “What are you talking about? I said she goes nowhere without explicit orders from me!” Officer Lescomb shifted slightly, “Sir, she just left with a prisoner escort less than 5 minutes ago.” General Hux closed his eyes silently cursing the day Kylo Ren was born, “Who are the escorts so that you can hail them and have her back in her cell?” Officer Lescomb looked over his records and had a confusing look cross his features, “I… don’t know what happened. I’m sorry, but I have no recollection of why I let them get her.” Suddenly, General Hux was at his feet, “You damn fool!! You were duped!” He threw the data pad and watched it shatter in a million pieces before storming out of his office. He took the comm. from his Cleric Officer hailing Kylo Ren, “Luke Skywalker just successfully plucked the General from her prison cell. They are still on the base!” He ordered the alarm to be sounded and the Cleric Officer immediately punched the code in, putting the base on lock down. “Hopefully they haven’t gone far. I need to alert Supreme Leader Snoke.” ***** Finn felt that they had succeeded in slipping their General out until the lockdown alarm blared up and down the corridors, “Shit, they figured it out.” Rey immediately got Leia’s restraints off and handed the General her blaster, “We will have to fight our way out.” The trio tossed their helmets off, glad to have fresh air hit their faces. Leia was filled with pride to see Rey and Finn there, “This is my fight, y’all need to get out of here.” Luke embraced his sister for the first time in a long time, “No sis, the Resistance needs you more now than ever.” Leia had tears flowing down her face to see Luke and she couldn’t help it when she touched his beard, “I’m sure Mara would have hated this thing on your face.” The siblings shared a laugh as Finn and Rey saw some troopers running towards them. “I hate to break up the family reunion, but we have company!” Finn yelled as he thought of another plan to get all of them off of the base. Luke and Rey pulled their light sabers out and the troopers, at the end of the hall, paused when they saw the glow bathe the dark corridors with their colorful light. As the troopers became confident and lifted their blasters, Luke pointed two fingers and moved his hand like a blade through the air as the Force sliced the blasters in half. Stunned, the troopers didn’t know what to do but run to get more weapons. Rey turned to Finn, “Where do we go?” Finn immediately remembered how he had escaped with Poe before, “We head for one of the hangars and take a ship.” Luke nodded, “We can’t get to the ship we brought with us now anyway.” General Leia ran her hand over the blaster in her hand. With a steely edge to her voice, she let the fight within her come out, “What are we waiting for then?” ***** Notes: whew! sorry for the long wait everyone. I have been so excited for Kylo and Illyana to finally share their first kiss! Things will only continue to get more steamy for the two, I promise ;) Next chapter should be up soon. Chapter 10 : The Escape Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Blaster fire burst throughout the corridors of the base. Green and blue plasma blades deflected the red blasts before cutting through carbon/glass fiber and Kevlar material. Sweat rolling off of skin as the Resistance concentrated on cutting down each of their foes that stood between them and their escape. Grey hair matted to an aged face and the creaking of metal joints as they pushed through. The odds were stacked against them, but the screams of troopers told them they were winning. They were a team: they felt at ease together. Rey could feel the Force pulsating through them in unity and they moved together in perfect sync as they pushed through the base. Her arms swished, parried, and pushed in sync with her bodies movements. She didn’t have to look to see what her Master was doing because she could feel him through the Force. It was a beautiful melding of minds between a Jedi Master and his Padawan. However, Rey could not help but be awe struck by the sheer strength General Leia Organa wielded for a woman her age. Sweat was coming off of the aging woman in sheets, but she didn’t give up any indication that she was suffering from any kind of fatigue. A memory of Kylo Ren covered in sweat and blood flashed before Rey’s eyes for a split second, catching her off guard. It was at this moment that she realized how much like his mother Kylo truly was and it saddened her that he joined the First Order. Suddenly, Finn pushed Rey out of the way as a large chunk of the ceiling almost collapsed on them. Rey quickly got up, worried for her friend, but saw that he was able to easily push the debris aside. That metal alloy attached to his body definitely made him stronger. Finn rushed over to examine Rey, “Are you hurt?” “No, I’m fine.” Rey replied with a reassuring smile. General Leia turned to all of them, “I don’t like that they have retreated. It tells me that back up is on its way.” Luke nodded, “I think we will get a small reprieve until then. Finn, any idea where a hangar may be?” “We should take a shortcut through here. There should be a hangar they use to repair ships on the way.” Finn felt confident of where they needed to go. Luke paused for a moment, closing his eyes, “Lead the way. We don’t have much time.” Rey felt a disturbing ripple through the Force and looked at Luke in confusion. He only returned a grave stare before turning to follow Finn and that’s when it hit Rey; Kylo Ren must be on his way. ***** Illyana was pissed. She had been relaxing in her room, coming off of the high from finally kissing Kylo when, suddenly, the alarms started blaring everywhere. Peeking out of her door, it was absolute chaos in the corridors. Daxxus pushed his way through the hoards of people as he made his way to Illyana, “What the hell is going on?” He walked past Illyana, into her room, so that they could close the door against the loud alarms. Illyana rubbed her ears as the deafening sound was muffled a bit from the protection of her door, “I have no clue, Dax. You don’t think it’s a drill, eh?” There was the sound of a couple of glasses being moved around as Illyana made her way over to the table. Daxxus was pouring some alcohol in a glass for the both of them and Illyana gladly accepted. A small cheer, then a little warmth began to spread as the dark liquid ran down their throats. Illyana plopped her glass back on the table and slid it over to Daxxus for a refill. The alarm continued to blare in the background outside. Daxxus sighed after pouring another round, “All I know was that I was finally taking a nap and then all hell broke loose outside of my door.” There was a pause between the two as Daxxus started to eye his best friend out of curiosity, “I saw Kylo Ren follow you out of the hangar. Did you successfully avoid him again?” Illyana took her drink, staying quiet, but couldn’t help the smirk the betrayed her to Dax. His face beamed as he snatched her glass, poured another shot, and shoved it back in her hands, “Don’t you dare hold out on me, bitch!” Laughter erupted from Illyana as she watched the excitement light up on her friends face, “Okay fine! No I did not successfully avoid him. In fact, I got myself lost trying to go through an area I had never been to in this facility. I was hoping to call you on my comlink, but then he was there.” Illyana paused for a moment, remembering how his hands, lips, and body felt against her. She blushed slightly before continuing, “Well, we talked and now things should be normal again.” Daxxus let out a whistle, “Y’all talked? With clothes on or off?” Illyana swatted his arm playfully, “We didn’t have sex!” His mischievous grin stretched ear to ear, “He was a good kisser though, right? I could tell by how your thoughts ran away on you a second ago.” Blushing, Illyana just nodded as she swirled the liquor in her glass, “Yeah, he’s good.” A frantic knocking at their door made the pair jump out of their chairs. Illyana immediately opened the door and a few of her crew members came spilling in, “There are escaped prisoners in the base and we think they might be heading to the hangar with our ship in it!” “Shit.” Illyana and Daxxus started sprinting down the corridors to save their ship while Illyana was secretly praying that they would get there in time… ***** The hangar was relatively quiet… too quiet. Luke scanned for any signs of hostiles, but Finn became impatient when he spotted a ship ready and waiting for them as then he began sprinting towards it. Luke immediately felt a dark presence and tried to warn Finn, “No! Wait!” It was too late as Finn found himself being lifted from the floor and flung across the hangar like a rag doll. Rey reacted out of pure instinct for her closest friend and ran to his side, despite Kylo and members of the Knights of Ren appearing around them throughout the hangar. Kylo’s sinister voice boomed through his mask, “Always willing to aid the traitor.” Luke and Leia quickly got between him, Rey and Finn. Kylo narrowed his eyes at seeing his Uncle and Mother together again. In fact, it made him angry. Luke tried to keep a demeanor of calm, “There’s no need for blood shed. I will trade my life for the safety of theirs.” General Leia gasped and grabbed her brother, “Absolutely not, Luke!” Kylo Ren ignited his light saber and the familiar snap-hiss of the other Knights sabers followed. The humming was deafening in the hangar, but it didn’t stop Rey and Luke from turning their own sabers on. Finn had dusted himself off from the floor as he made his way back over to the standoff and was ready for a fight as he stood next to the General. Kylo Ren decided to start taunting his prey, “I don’t make deals. You and your precious padawan will die.” “Goddamit Ben! You are so blind to how Snoke uses you!” General Leia’s voice boomed at her son; her frustration was clear, but her concern for her son became overwhelming again, “Come home, please! Turn away from this nonsense!” Kylo ignored his mother’s pleas and addressed his Knights, “Arrest the General. Kill the rest.” Instinctively, Luke used Force Dash and was face to face with Kylo Ren. His green saber clashed violently with Kylo Ren’s unstable red cross saber and the two started to fight it out. Members of the Knights of Ren began to converge onto the others, but Rey tried to shield the General and Finn from them, “Get the General out of here, Finn!” Finn was conflicted for a moment as he watched his dear friend fend off their opponents, but knew he had a job to do, “Follow me, General.” They ran and ducked behind some unloaded boxes as they surveyed the ship ahead. Leia turned to Finn, “I doubt our blasters, alone, will help us fight against these force users. What are in these cargo boxes?” Finn quickly wrenched one open and his face lit up as he pulled out what was inside, “I’ve always wanted to use one of these.” It was a Z6 Riot Control Baton and it could be used to block light sabers. Leia nodded, “That should do. Let’s get to that ship. Luke and Rey can handle themselves until we use the guns to help them.” A red plasma blade slashed through the cargo box next to them, causing them to yelp in surprise. One of the Knights came barreling over them ready to give a killing blow to Finn. However, Finn ignited the baton and blocked the heavy hit as General Leia shot her blaster pistol at the unsuspecting Knight. His eyes went wide before they went rolling to the back of his head and his lifeless form fell with a thud next to Finn, shocking the former storm trooper. Finn pushed himself backwards along the floor until he was able to stand up and get ready to fight again. The Z6 riot baton crackled as he was being flanked on both sides by Knights. In fact, he had only heard stories of what the Knights of Ren could do and started to wonder if they were a myth, but now he knew they were very real and, even though he didn’t show it outwardly, they frightened him. Across the hangar, Luke and Kylo Ren were in a match like no other. The sheer power behind their light saber volleys and force powers was a sight to behold. Despite his age, Luke relayed heavily on the Force to keep up with Kylo Ren’s stamina. These titans, clashing with each other, used everything within their arsenal and they were starting to wear each other down. Hack, slash, push, hack, shove, slash, parry, etc. A careless Knight tried to force his way into between the duelers and take out the infamous Skywalker himself, but Kylo would have none of that. He immediately used a force choke on his subordinate that crushed the windpipe with a loud crunch sound and tossed him aside for daring to take his prize. Luke’s eyes widened in surprise at the display of darkness before him, but still tried to appeal to Ben, who he felt was still in there somewhere, “I know there’s still light in you, Ben.” Kylo Ren twitched at hearing his old name, “Ben died a long time ago.” “It is never too late. Vader himself answered the call back to the light.” Luke continued to press against Kylo’s mind trying to break through, feeling desperate to call forth Ben, but his pushing only enraged Kylo even more. Kylo Ren began a volley of hard hits with his saber, bearing down his weight every time Luke went to block him. He hacked at his old master over and over again, bringing Luke to his knee as he tried to stabilize against the new swell of strength. Rey found herself at a crossroads where Finn and Luke needed her help. Sweat dripped from her skin as she watched the Knights of Ren circle Finn like a pack of wolves and she turned to see Kylo Ren overcoming Luke Skywalker with his pure rage. For the first time, in a long time, Rey wasn’t sure what to do and it terrified her to lose anyone who she had become close to. Her master was so important to her, Finn practically saved her from her isolation on Jakku, and Leia had become a surrogate mother in a way. Her grip tightened on the saber handle as she contemplated the scene before her, but then a feeling of gentleness brushed against her mind: it was Luke. The Force will guide you if you let it, Rey. Calming her breathing down, she dared to close her eyes to reach out in the vast chasm of the universe and opened herself to the Force. The feeling was overwhelming for a split second before it became clear and as she opened her eyes again, she immediately moved on instinct towards Kylo and Luke. Rey felt like a conduit for the Force as her limbs felt were acting of their own accord. Kylo Ren immediately turned his attention to the blue saber cutting down towards him. This was a turn of events he had not accounted for, but felt ready all the same. It felt insulting that he was clashing with Darth Vaders old light saber when it deserved to be his, but Kylo felt that he would get his hands on it soon enough. Rey gritted her teeth as she dueled Kylo for a second time. It excited him to face Rey again, “You were lucky last time, Jakku rat!” “Do you think of me every time you look in a mirror?” Rey taunted. That pissed Ren off and he thrust himself into her mind disabling his opponent. Rey screamed as she covered her head with her hands from the sudden intrusion. Kylo continued to dig harder and faster until he felt himself thrown several feet into the air before hitting his head hard against a locking beam, holding a Tie Fighter in place. His vision slowly faded into blackness. Luke felt sadness after hurting Ben that way, but he had to protect his people and he went to gather Rey. “I’m fine.” Rey said with a groan as Luke helped her stand up. They immediately went to assist Finn and Leia and it didn’t take them long to disperse the last remaining Knights of Ren who were trying to get the General and Finn. In fact, they were more worried about the state of their commander, Kylo Ren, and rushed to his aide as the prisoners pulled up the onramp to get ready for takeoff. More people spilled into the hangar as the familiar hum of the ship pulsated off of the walls. Illyana began to sprint to the ship trying to stop it from going anywhere. The landing gear came off of the ground and the ship flew out of the hangar, leaving a frustrated bounty hunter behind. Running her fingers through her hair, Illyana was at a loss as to what exactly happened. All she knew was that her ship was gone, “Son of a bitch… I just paid that off too.” “Illyana, this is bad!” She could hear the panic in Daxxus’ voice and she ran over to him. She couldn’t hold back the gasp that escaped from her mouth as she saw the limp form of Kylo on the ground. Illyana pushed Dax out of the way so she could kneel down and examine Kylo, “What happened to him?” One of the Knights gingerly touched around Kylo’s collarbone, “Luke Skywalker force pushed him onto the steel beam above us. I think it broke his neck.” Without realizing it, Illyana started to cry from the shock of seeing the state of distress Kylo was in, but the Knights began to form a circle and sat cross legged around Illyana. “Remove his mask and place your hands on his neck.” One of the Knights instructed. Illyana didn’t question it; she just did it. She gently found the release on the mask and slowly removed it off of Kylo’s face. A painful grunt came through Kylo’s mouth and his closed eyes closed themselves tighter making Illyana mumble an apology as she gently placed her hands on his bruised, broken neck. The Knights began chanting something that Illyana couldn’t understand, but she could feel the power behind it. She remembered what Kylo had told her about her ability within the Force and wondered if she could tap into that potential now. Please don’t let Kylo die. Closing her eyes, Illyana focused on the chanting going on around her and let the pulsating power around them flow through her. It began to overwhelm her, but Illyana concentrated even more on pushing what Kylo needed onto him. After a few minutes, she could feel Kylo’s neck shifting and when she opened her eyes, the blood from the bruising was starting to fade. Kylo’s eyes slowly opened and they locked onto Illyana’s blue eyes as she was still kneeling over him, gently caressing his healed neck. Relief flooded Illyana’s emotions and she began to sob with joy knowing he was going to be okay now. Even Daxxus was at a loss for words after what he witnessed. Kylo’s right hand came up and gently caressed Illyana’s left cheek which was still wet from tears, shocking some of the Knights at the public display of affection. One of them cleared his throat, “Commander Ren, we must get you to the med bay to make sure you are alright.” Kylo said nothing as he and Illyana continued to stare at each other, his hand never leaving its place on her cheek. ***** General Hux could feel the ripping of his mind as Supreme Leader Snoke continued to torture him. He knew this was coming after the General escaped and Snoke wanted to know where the weakness came from. The digging ceased and Hux was on all fours gasping for air. Snoke continued to stare the red head down, “You let the Resistance snatch their General from under your nose.” “Supreme Leader…” the General was struggling to speak. “Silence! Where is my apprentice, Kylo Ren?” When the Supreme Leader didn’t hear a response, he closed his eyes and quickly found him in the med bay. A sneer crossed his features, “I see my training did not equip him well against Skywalker. I sense some reconditioning shall be in effect for my General and my Pupil.” There was a grunt from the General, but Snoke just waved him away, “You are dismissed, General.” General Hux slowly got up from the ground and limped back to his quarters, praying that Snoke was just trying to scare him and would not follow through with his threat. Reconditioning was harsh and could possibly kill the person going through it. As he wandered through the corridors, Captain Phasma found him as she rounded the corner inspecting the damage done throughout the base. Hux expected her to ask what happened, but Captain Phasma was always a professional and just helped the General walk in silence. She didn’t need to ask to know that the Supreme Leader punished him for the base failing to keep its prisoner. In fact, Captain Phasma felt sorry that he took the brunt end of it every time. They got to his door and Captain Phasma punched in the key herself before helping her General get settled into his room. Notes: I'm back!! I apologize for the excruciatingly long wait, but I did not forget about you. :) SO I can definitely say that the moment we have been waiting for is coming within the next chapter or two between Illyana and Kylo. Trust me, I have been wanting to write it and have been thinking about it non-stop, but I wanted to make sure that it made sense with Illyana's character especially since she had such a traumatic event early on in her life. More on Victor and his gang will be coming up soon too. I hope you enjoyed this chapter and that I did justice to a fight between Luke and Kylo. Trust me, this won't be the only time that they spar each other. Again, thanks for the kudos and comments. They really make me smile :) Chapter 11 : Help from Tatooine Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Illyana was pacing outside of the med bay room where Kylo Ren was situated. She was anxious to hear from the med bay droid, currently inside the room, and didn’t care that Daxxus and a couple of Knights were watching her. Daxxus shifted his feet before addressing his friend, “You are going to burn a path into the floor if you keep pacing like that.” Illyana rolled her eyes as she continued to pace, murmuring to herself. One of the Knights came forward and stopped her, “Kylo has been hiding you from us.” The declaration caught Illyana off guard, “Well I don’t know who ‘us’ exactly is?” The other Knight came over, “We are the Knights of Ren. Kylo Ren is our Commander.” “Oh,” Illyana mulled this information over, “Well good for you. As you can see, I really don’t care right now.” Daxxus tried to hide a snort, but failed. He saw the confused look on the Knights face, “That’s code for your presence is only annoying her.” The taller Knight only glared daggers at Daxxus before continuing to talk to Illyana, “We could use another force user like you. I’m sure Snoke would agree.” Illyana stopped and felt suspicious at hearing the name Snoke, “I don’t think your Commander would appreciate you going to Snoke on his behalf. Maybe there is a reason he has been keeping me to himself.” Her words made sense to the Knights and they just gave a silent bow of their heads before quietly leaving the med bay. Daxxus came over to his friend, “I don’t like how they solicited you like that.” “Oh I agree, Dax. It felt more like a threat than it was a solicitation. Now they know I have a connection with the Force and their job is to kill Force Users.” Daxxus hissed, “I’ll kill them if they even touch you. I wouldn’t have a second thought about it.” Illyana placed her hand on her friend’s shoulder, “I know you would, but I don’t think we have to worry. I’m going to keep watch over Kylo until he’s given the all clear to leave. I just don’t trust anyone to protect him, honestly.” Daxxus nodded, “I could tell by seeing your face that you cared more for him than you realized.” Illyana leaned back against the wall, “Yeah, I do.” “Do you love him?” The question caught her off guard and what surprised her even more was that she didn’t say no. Her silence let Daxxus know what he suspected, but he knew she was thinking before she answered. Finally, Illyana answered, “My heart says yes, but my mind is trying to rationalize and find a way to say no.” Daxxus could accept that answer from his friend because he understood her background and he knew how cautious she would be around that subject. The fact that she was even willing to open herself to the possibility of love from another man was huge and he was genuinely happy for her. “Remember how we first met?” Illyana snickered as the memory came forward, “Oh my God, you just had to bring that up!” The two friends started giggling as Illyana continued, “I remember when Victor brought you into the room and I thought oh great I’m being sold off. Victor was so mad at me because the night before I bit his dick when he tried to have oral sex with me.” Daxxus nodded, “You were in that ugly yellow sequined dress that barely covered your boobs, high slits up to your thighs, and I can remember feeling so sorry for you that he had a poor taste of outfit choices made for you!!” “Ugh, I hated that dress. Those beads were so heavy and pushed on my boobs.” Illyana grimaced as she remembered wearing that ugly heavy thing, “but I remember you offering to dress me for Victor and I genuinely became confused when a man offered to dress me instead of fucking me.” “Well you learned soon after, I wasn’t into women like that.” Daxxus said with a smug grin. Illyana smiled and leaned her head on her best friend, “You rescued me from that hell with Victor and his gang. It took a long time, but we did it. Did you ever think we would not be able to slip away?” Daxxus wrapped his arms around his best friend, “I did have my moments where I thought I couldn’t get you out. The whole sex slavery in this galaxy is disgusting and I wish it didn’t exist.” Illyana nodded, grateful for her good fortune. After a moment, Daxxus released her and started to gather his things, “I think you are in good hands here at the moment. I need to go get our ship back.” “Well how the hell are you going to do that?” Illyana’s attitude became sour as she remembered seeing one of her prized possessions be stolen from her. Daxxus took a deep breath, “I don’t know, but I’m taking our crew. They have been getting stir crazy with nothing to do.” Illyana agreed with Dax, “Be safe.” “Always.” he said with a wink before heading out. ***** “Uh, guys, come look at this!” Rey shouted from the cockpit, alerting everyone there was possibly a problem. Leia immediately sat down in the co-pilot seat, seeing the large group of unidentified ships in their path, “That’s definitely not ours, but it doesn’t look like First Order either. Have they tried to hail us?” “No.” Rey started switching com’s on, checking if there was a signal, “Wait a minute, they are opening communications with us. I’ll patch them through.” Luke and Finn arrived as the com crackled to life. It was static at first with a choppy message coming through. Leia raised an eyebrow, “That voice sounds familiar.” Finally the message was coming in clear, “You are interfering with a Resistance Escort. We ask that you turn around and leave immediately.” Leia turned the transmitter on, “C-3PO is that you?” “General Leia! Thank the maker!! What are you doing out here?” “It’s a long story, but it’s good to hear a friendly voice after the hell we just went through. Who are you with exactly?” There was a long pause before a new voice came through, “This is Victor Eros and I’m the answer to your problem.” The cockiness in his voice irritated Leia, but she decided to amuse him, “And what problem would that be?” “Well your gold droid here says that you need people, weapons, and supplies. I have all of that, but for a price.” Leia turned the transmitter off so Victor couldn’t hear them, “I sent C-3PO to find help and it looks like he did, but I don’t like this Victor Eros guy. What should I do, Luke?” Luke opened his eyes, he had been in the Force around this new found group, “I don’t sense deception, but they don’t have pure reasons for helping either.” “No one really does nowadays.” Leia flipped the transmitter back on, “Alright, Victor, we will meet face to face. C-3PO guide them in.” ***** There was practically a celebration from Resistance members as they saw their General exit the ship safe and sound. Hugs and kisses were passed around mixed with curiosity at who the new comers were that landed in another hanger with supplies for them. General Leia tried to thank as many people as she could while making her way to the command center. Rey decided to take this moment to sneak away with Finn and it was a moment Finn was glad to accept. They made their way out to a tree growing at the edge of the base. “How’s your head doing?” Finn asked as he got settled on the soft grass. Rey stood standing, but leaned against the bark of the tree, “It’s sore, that’s for sure! He had never invaded my mind like that before and it terrified me.” “I’ve never heard you scream like that before.” Finn said so quietly as he remembered his friends distress, “I felt absolutely helpless. How can you possess an ability that so many of us are useless against?” Rey understood his fear, “The Force is a mysterious thing, but it can be used for good. That’s what we are fighting for; the good side.” She crouched down next to him, “What you saw comes from the dark side and you never have to worry about me or Luke ever using that against someone else with such cruelty.” Finn nodded, “I know that. How is it having him for a teacher? I only know stories about him that have been whispered around me.” Rey shifted through her thoughts for a moment, “He is an amazing mentor; so full of wisdom and power. Luke has this ability to bring calmness when there is chaos.” She wanted to tell Finn that he made her feel wanted and not alone anymore, but she didn’t know if it was appropriate to share the physical aspect of their relationship. Luke trusted her and she didn’t want to break that. Finn noticed she shifted uncomfortably, but decided not to push the issue. “That’s great that he takes care of you. There is something that I have wanted to share with you for a while.” Finn paused, looking over his shoulder to make sure they were indeed alone, “I have a crush on someone…” Rey held her breath not knowing what she would do if it was her, “Who is it?” Finn sighed, “It’s Poe.” Rey’s face lit up as bright as the sun, “Really?! When did this happen??” Chuckling, Finn relaxed more, “When I was going through all of the surgeries. He was right there next to me after everyone. It was cute how he was always checking on me and he even fell asleep holding my hand once.” “I think you should tell him how you feel, Finn.” Rey tried to be as encouraging as possible. Finn smiled up at Rey, “Well enough about us. They might have work for us!” In another area, General Leia and Victor Eros sat in her office discussing the details of their newfound relationship. She sipped at her hot beverage before continuing, “I would like for you to recruit for us.” Victor ran his hand through his white hair, “Absolutely not. This is a business transaction only. I will not be wrapped up into being a cheerleader for Republic, or the Resistance, or whatever you want to call yourselves.” Leia pursed her lips, “Well what is the point of all these new toys without people to man them?” “That’s your problem, sweet cheeks.” Victor propped his feet up onto her desk as he casually settled into his chair more. His attitude was typical of a criminal and Leia should have expected it. “What if I raise the pay?” Leia pushed. Victor thought about it for a moment as he assessed his options. He did have a backlog of debts people owed him and this could be an opportunity to not only balance his accounts, but to have more pull and power over the smuggling trade. He dropped his feet to the floor and leaned forward, “I have a compromise. First of all, I will not actively recruit for you or your rag tag military, so let’s get that part straight. Now my idea is this: I have a lot of people who owe me debts that I know they will never have the credits to repay. I will offer them a choice to come work for you, the Resistance, or pay my money back plus interest. I think they will obviously choose the former. I want to get paid per head that I send over.” Leia let his idea sink in before answering, “Okay deal, but you only get paid if that person successfully gets through training.” Victor smirked while thrusting his hand out to shake Leia’s, “Well I guess this officially makes us business partners.” Leia shook Victors hand, looking into his eyes sternly, “Don’t make me regret this.” **** Illyana got tired of waiting and snuck into Kylo Ren’s room. He looked so peaceful in his slumber, but he immediately felt her presence and his eyes opened, turning towards her. She didn’t realize she was holding her breath as he slowly sat up in his bed staring at her. There was a subtle hint he was assessing the outer parameters of her mind and she allowed him in. Her earlier conversation with Daxxus came to the forefront of her mind and she knew he saw it by how he sucked in his breath. There was another pause before he stepped off of his bed and came over to Illyana. Her eyes raked in his half naked body as he walked toward her. His black briefs were the only thing covering his manhood and his chiseled muscles rippled with each movement. Illyana absent mindedly bit her bottom lip as they came face to face. Kylo ran the back of his left hand on her cheek, “You healed me.” “I had helped.” Illyana replied with a smile. Kylo kissed her forehead, “I think I have feelings for you too.” The revelation caught her off guard and Illyana looked up into Kylo’s face for reassurance the she understood what she just heard. Suddenly his lips came crashing down onto hers and Illyana let a small moan escape. His tongue searched her mouth as he ran his fngers through her hair, making her melt into him. The two battled it out with their mouths until Kylo lifted her up and carried her over to his hospital bed. Illyana gasped for air as she felt her back land on the soft sheets. “You have too many clothes on.” Kylo cooed. He started removing her boots as Illyana giggled, “I think we can change that.” Illyana removed her jacket and pulled her shirt up and over her head as Kylo made quick work of her pants. Kylo paused to look over her beautiful figure and the lacey red bra and underwear that hugged her curves, “You are absolutely stunning, Illyana.” She bit her bottom lip again in anticipation, “You’re not so bad yourself, Kylo.” Kylo smirked as he hooked one finger, in the band of Illyana’s underwear, and ripped it off in one swift pull before tossing it aside and sliding a finger into her wet pussy. Illyana moaned at the intimacy and he added a finger as he began sliding his digits in and out of her. He used his other hand to expose her left nipple and began sucking on it, eliciting sounds from Illyana that turned him on even more. “Oh, kriff!! Kylo!” Illyana was bucking her hips as he picked up the pace, but he didn’t want her to cum just yet. He stopped and took off his briefs, rubbing her juices with his wet hand on his erect cock. Illyana spread her legs wider as she removed her bra completely. Kylo positioned himself at her entrance, but hesitated, “We can stop now if you like.” Illyana planted a passionate kiss on his lips, “I want you more than ever, Kylo.” As soon as those words left her swollen lips, Kylo plunged himself completely and the two moaned together at the sensation. He tried to be gentle, but he couldn’t help himself as his hips started to buck wildly against her, “Unngghhh…. kriff that feels… so good.” Explicative’s starting falling out of Illyana’s mouth as their love making picked up the pace, “Oh fuck! Oh fuck!” The door opened and the medical droid came rolling in wondering what was going on, “Sir, you need to be resting.” Without stopping, Kylo reached behind him and curled his fingers causing the droid to be lifted up and tossed out of the room with ease. The droid hit the wall in the corridor with such force that it disabled him before the med room door even closed. Kylo was pleased that he got rid of the possible distraction as he watched Illyana’s boobs bounce with each thrust he gave her, “I can feel you are going to cum.” “Yes.” Illyana breathed, closing her eyes. The sensation was becoming overwhelming and Kylo pushed to get her to that point. She felt this white hot sensation as she screamed out his name, her walls pulsing around his cock as he came too. Both of them stayed join together as they game down from their orgasm in each other’s arms. “That was amazing.” Illyana managed to breathe into Kylo’s hair as she held him. He mumbled an agreement as he finally rolled off of her, onto the bed. They stayed like that, catching their breath, before cuddling with each other and falling into a deep slumber. Notes: Ahhh they finally did it!! There will be more where that came from! ;) Plus, now the General and Victor Eros is working together. Will it pan out especially if she starts learning more about who he is as a mob boss?? We will find out. Thank you again for the responses and as always, please drop a comment and/or a kudos. :) I do love to respond to readers. Chapter 12 : Doctor's Orders Notes: This chapter does not add to the plot. It is pure SMUT with Kylo and Illyana. Enjoy!!! A med bay technician was whistling to himself as he cleared off his checklist and walked around the med bay corridors. His tune immediately stopped as he came upon a disabled medical droid, sparking and leaking fluids all over the wall and floor. His eyes followed the debris path to the door adjacent to where the crumpled droid heap lay and realized who the occupant of the room was. To double check, he went over the door and checked the chart: Med Room 037 – Commander Ren/0237645NF. The technician slowly placed the chart back and quickly walked away, not wanting to know what the droid did to earn the Commanders wrath. ***** Illyana’s hair was unraveled and a mess around her face as they continued into another round of love making. Kylo’s arms wrapped around her waist, pulling her closer as he reclined back against the pillows with her above him, straddling his hips: their bare sexes touching. It elicited excitement to feel his hardness against her. His hands moved up and down her sides as he gazed up at her in anticipation. Kylo was hard and ready, but wanted Illyana to take the reins this time. They were both in a haze from all of their kissing and exploration of each other that they craved that intimate connection that pushed them to the brink. Never had Illyana thought she could experience passion like this from another man. Illyana was ready for more. Kylo laid there before her, his hands on her hips and eyes filled with the flames of desire. He swallowed as he reached up to touch her face, then it trailed up to her hair, his fingers entwined in her loose hair. His hand felt so rough, but gentle on the side of her face. This position made Illyana feel absolutely powerful and so very pleased. She had the power to do as she pleased. Butterflies took flight in her stomach before moving up into her chest. She leaned down and kissed him, reveling in the taste of his lips and his soft moan. Kylo wanted this as much as she did. Illyana could feel it in the tenseness of his body, the rock hardness of his manhood against hers. She reached between their bodies; wound her fingers around it as she positioned herself. She began to slide down Kylo’s length. His face gave away every emotion he was feeling as he closed his eyes and reveled in the pleasure washing over him. She even wondered if her own face looked the same as she dropped her head back and felt the tickling of his pubic hair against her bottom. Illyana was so turned on as she continued rocking her hips up and down. She felt his hands seize her bare breasts, fingers kneading, caressing her nipples. A quiet gasp escaped her as she closed her eyes. She could feel the tip of his cock hitting that sweet spot as he filled her completely. She leaned forward until her breasts pushed up against him, causing his hands to move back to her hair. Their mouths found each other again as their tongues battled with each other, and she continued to move along his length. She let herself fall into complete ecstasy and it was difficult to breathe at times. Kylo let out a painful curse and Illyana opened her eyes to see that she had bit his lip hard enough to make it bleed. “Sorry,” she whispered, gently sucking the cut spot on his swollen lip. He mumbled something about paying her back and she giggled. Kylo used one hand on the back of her head, holding her there as his lips moved over hers. His other hand explored her waist, back, hips, and her curves and he was enjoying what he felt beneath his fingers. Their pelvis continued to dance during their love making. Illyana’s fingers stroked Kylo’s face as she moved faster on his cock. She pushed upward and plunged quickly, straight up and down. His hands immediately found her breasts again and she loved it; he must like them very much. Every stroke inside her body, along her wet walls, every time the tip of him struck the core of her, it was like blazing light and heat and she craved more from him. The angle was absolute perfection and she began rotating her hips in circles, even as he thrust upwards driving himself deeper into her. His hands flew to her waist as he gripped her hard during his thrusts. Illyana had to brace herself on his broad, muscular chest as her legs started to tire from the jaunt pounding. Their passionate thrusts were driving them both to the brink. “Illyana,” Kylo murmured as if he could barely get her name out. The finish line was right there, barely out of reach for both of them as their hips met each other thrust for thrust. “Kylo,” she whispered against his lips as she felt the nearing of completion. A quiet explosion and white hot warmth spread through her veins as her orgasm took over and Kylo matched her intensity with his own. His body jerked beneath hers as his seed spilled out and he collapsed back on the bed absolutely spent. His breathing made his chest move beneath the weight of her prone body. His fingers laced with hers while his other hand moved up and down the length of her back. “Kripes, that was wonderful,” Illyana mumbled into his neck. Kylo couldn’t help but let out a laugh that came deep from within. His shaking body bounced Illyana off and she suddenly became embarrassed. Memories came rushing back in from how Victor would always say “Nobody wants to fuck a talker” . Illyana tried to shake it, but she couldn’t and she climbed off of the bed, collecting her things. Kylo became confused, “What’s wrong?” She immediately became angry at that, “What do you mean what’s wrong?! You’re laughing at me! I should have known better that I was just being taken advantage of. What was I thinking? I believed you actually cared about me.” She continued to collect her things until she felt his arms snake around her. Illyana tried to push him off, but he grabbed her jaw firmly as he forced her to turn around and look at him. “I do care about you. You are spouting nonsense.” Kylo looked firmly at her as he wanted his words to sink in. When she stopped squirming, he let go, “If I did not care about you, I would have taken this a long time again, whether you had wanted it or not.” As the words left his mouth, his hand roughly grabbed her pussy and began stroking her clit. Illyana yelped in surprise, but couldn’t help the fact that she was immediately turned on. Her firm grip on her clothes loosened until they fell one by one from her hands as his mouth was assaulting her lips again. Two digits slid inside of her as he kept her pinned against the wall, reveling in how she squirmed from pleasure. He broke away from her mouth so he could watch her face contort from pleasure, pain, and emotions, “You are so incredibly beautiful…” Illyana moaned loudly, “I’m sorry… I just… oh! This is a confusing time for me… oh!” Kylo understood her and gently kissed her fore head before making her look at him. Their eyes locked on each other as Kylo continued, “It’s confusing for me too…” He released his hand from her and she could feel his wet fingers hook her thighs from behind as he lifted her up against the wall some more. Her legs wrapped around his waist as he plunged his hardened member inside of her again. This elicited a loud moan from both of them as he pounded her into the wall. They were both still very wet from their last session and the slapping of wet skin echoed around the room as Illyana felt herself feeling absolutely filled from his large length again. Her nails dug into his shoulders as her moaning transitioned into screams of pleasure. He was so rough, yet felt so deliciously good inside of her. Kylo could sense her thoughts and it spurred him on. Even though she couldn’t read his thoughts, his eyes, his facial features told her everything she needed to know. It was hot to read those reactions. Illyana was already coming, but Kylo continued his onslaught. She knew this was for him now, her hand gripping his hair in a vice. A guttural yell erupted from Kylo as he came to completion. He gave her two more deep thrusts, slowly now, as he came down from his orgasm, panting into her neck. He began to lick, suck, and kiss at her neck as his softened member left her. The evidence of their sex came running down Illyana’s leg, but she didn’t care as she relished these feelings with Kylo. Eventually, he set her back down on the floor, his right hand caressing her face as he kissed her some more. “I’m going to need Chap Stick after this,” Illyana teased. Kylo smirked, “I love that these swollen, pouty lips are mine.” She wanted to melt right then and there. Kylo finally broke away and headed to the wardrobe, “I think my time here in the med bay is complete, don’t you think?” Illyana twirled a strand of hair with her finger, “As your doctor I will only release you if you promise to continue your physical therapy with me.” Kylo smirked as he eyed her still naked form before him, “What will you have me do?” “I’m sure we can think of something.” Illyana replied with a mischievous grin. *****