It wasn't the best landing on record, but Han Solo would take it. He had punched his old freighter through the First Order's planetary defenses at light speed and managed to get them all on the ground in one piece. It had been no easy feat, and it surely wasn't a landing that anyone might call 'smooth.' But any landing you could walk away from was a good landing as far as the smuggler was concerned- and that's what they were just about to do. Their young companion, Finn, had burst from his seat and headed straight for the exit the moment that the ship had come to a standstill. The kid was in a hurry, and Han didn't blame him. He wanted to get this mission over with, too. Disable the shields, find Rey, get back to the ship and get the hell out; that was the plan. But things rarely went according to plan in Han Solo's experience. "Chewie," he asked the copilot as they stood to leave, "get my heavy coat out of the hold, will ya? I've got something to take care of up here." The Wookiee offered to stay and help, but Han assured him that he should do this alone. Silently, Chewbacca guessed that Han was going to have a heart-to-heart with the old YT, maybe apologize for the rough landing, or to thank her for getting them all there safely, in spite of his unconventional piloting. The Corellian had always had a strange relationship to this freighter, and Chewie had learned long ago not to think too hard about it. Once the others were out of the cockpit, Han quickly flipped the switch that shut and locked the door. He slid back into his seat and frowned, shaking his head. He felt a little like a dunce, but he decided that what he was about to do needed to be done. He flipped the switch to the ship's 2D transmitter and looked in the direction of the camera. "Heya, sweetheart," he began. "I feel kind of like an idiot recording this, but I don't really have much time to think about it. So here goes." He put his hands to his face and shook his head. He still couldn't believe he was doing this. "I'm sending this short-wave," he explained, "Because I intend to intercept it on my way back to base and delete it. I'm gonna come home and say this stuff to your face." Han sighed. Here came the hard part. "But if I don't do that," he continued, "if you're gettin' this, then something went bad." He took another deep breath and made sure to look directly into the camera. "I love you Leia," he declared. "That's the thing that matters. That's the thing that I had to say. I love you. I always have. There was never anybody else," he insisted. "Not in all these years," he added, "not even almost. Maybe that doesn't matter right now and maybe you couldn't care less with all of the other important stuff going on, but it matters to me that you know it. There's never been anybody but you, sweetheart-from the first time you let me kiss you…." His voice trailed off. There was so much to say, but he didn't have much time before Chewie and Finn would wonder what the hell he was up to, and maybe even come knocking. "And I'm so impressed by you, Leia," he decided on next. "You've built this whole thing…from nothing! These guys are about to take on the biggest weapon that the galaxy's ever seen. None of that would be possible if you hadn't brought them all together. I'm so…" He felt himself getting choked up. "I'm so proud of you, Princes…General," he corrected himself. "I swear... you're the most incredible person I've ever even heard of. Even after all these years, you never cease to amaze me. Sometimes I still can't believe you ever loved a guy like me- and that's just the truth. And here I come showin' up after all this time and you..." He took a deep breath and realized that he was grinning in spite of himself. "That smile, Princess," he sighed. "There you were with that smile on your face. There were some days," he recalled, absently rubbing his chin as his gaze shifted downward, "when I'd've given anything to see that smile of yours again- knowin' that I probably never would. But then today there you were, just smilin' at me like everything was gonna be all right. Sweetheart," he began again, making sure once again that he was looking the little recorder in its mechanical eye, "if I don't make it back tonight, you've gotta know that was enough. " Han found himself beginning to fidget in his seat. He wasn't good at stuff like this. He was only doing it because he knew that he'd be able to erase it, otherwise he'd never have gotten through it all. "And you gotta know how sorry I am," he added, "for all the trouble I've caused you. All of it," he emphasized. "I'm mostly sorry for the years we wasted because we were both too stubborn to say what we really meant to say- or to try to hear what we were being told." Han shook his head. "But that's not all I'm sorry for. I'm sorry for every minute I was away, for every night you slept alone. But I'm not sorry we got into this, and I'm not sorry for lovin' you, Leia. The best thing I ever did was fallin' for you; that's the damned truth. And I'm glad we're gettin' the chance to do this over again. I'm not glad there's another war to fight," he allowed, "but I'm happy to be with you again, even if it's on a battlefield," he declared. "To tell you the truth, I'm kind of excited about coming home to you tonight," he added, trying in his usual way to lighten the mood. "Better late than never," he added with a shrug. Han shook his head. "All right," he declared. "That's enough. I'm going to delete this, anyway." He flashed his most charming grin at the camera and finished, "See you tonight, Princess," before shutting it off. He pressed the button to transmit the message and let out a sigh. That was that. It would take more than a week for the short wave transmission to reach D'Qar, and that was way more than enough time to do everything they needed here and get the hell back. It would be easy to intercept and delete the transmission. But if he couldn't, he'd said his piece, and she'd have his words so she'd never have to wonder. It was one less thing for him to worry about. Notes: Because nothing pairs with cookies and kisses quite like sobbing. Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 7 of the Completely Canon Tales from the Millennium Falcon series Next Work →