Body Shots He was your general, you thought as your eyelids fluttered. Earlier that day you had been part of a squad who had received blaster training while being supervised by the man. The redhead had uttered verbal remonstrations for any who did not meet his standards. Corrected a few postured by kicking legs, jerking up arms. When he had started to correct you, you had caught a whiff of his cologne. You had nearly forgotten that he had been forced to attend some social gathering for the superior officers mere hours before. You had turned your head a bit to the side, inhaling. Then you had suddenly stiffened, realizing what you were doing when you caught him tilting his head in your peripheral. His eyes were on you, that cold gaze traveling along the side of your face. You gulped, your Adam’s apple bobbing, and turned back towards the target. His gloved hand left your arm from where he had been correcting you. Here you were, hours later, working your hand over your cock as you came to thoughts of the man. He was your general, your mind shouted at you. You bit down on your bottom lip, swearing at yourself for being so weak. It was not exactly frowned upon to be attracted to members of the same sex. Being attracted to your superior, however—the general at that—was a huge no. Not to mention the fact that said man was a stickler for rules and guidelines. You swore once more, wiping away all the cum and straightening yourself. You were supposed to meet with a few of your fellow officers for some drinks. It certainly helped you to relax; the mood of the bar, your comrades joking with one another and you, and the alcohol itself. The redhead was the furthest thing from your thoughts. You settled back in your chair, your eyes darting towards the bartender then back at your comrades. Then your gaze whipped once more to the bar. Your heart hammered in your chest, and you felt the drinks you had consumed threatening to slide right back up. Three of your instructors, a colonel, and General Hux himself were there. Their uniform jackets had been removed, and the white shirt that the redhead wore seemed to compliment him well. His hair was slightly disheveled—not something you would have expected from him, given how much he enjoyed order. One of the instructors caught you staring and nodded in greeting. You weakly returned the gesture before dropping your gaze, noticing that the others were looking up to see whom Lieutenant Birkstrum was interacting with. You grabbed up your glass, downing the rest of your drink. You wanted more than anything for the light buzz to come back, to grow into something stronger. It was when one of your comrades swore and mentioned under his breath that Birkstrum was heading over that you felt your stomach drop. The four of you straightened, each of you ready to stand up when the man gestured for you to remain seated. “Officer (L/n),” he said, his eyes moving to your face. Your lips parted, however nothing came out. “You’re attracted to men, correct?” “S-sir?” you stammered, not quite sure what he was getting at. Lieutenant Birkstrum’s lips quirked and he waved a hand dismissively. “Feel free to say no. It won’t reflect poorly… It’s just, we were discussing body shots this morning.” Your comrades’s gazes were on you. You absently reached for your empty glass, which you had previously set back on the table. Ignoring this behavior, the lieutenant continued. “Are you comfortable if we take body shots off of you? The two we had for this backed out on us.” You shyly glanced towards your other superiors then dropped your gaze immediately. They were all looking your way. “You can say no.” He must have noticed the growing panic in your expression. “You should do it,” one of your friend said, a female by the name of Norla. You looked in her direction, wondering why she wasn’t being asked. Birkstrum leaned forward, cupping a hand over his mouth as though he were being conspiratorial when he whispered, “The general’s into men.” Your cheeks were hot. Shit, you hadn’t expected to be told that. The lieutenant glanced up and down the length of Norla’s body. “You willing?” “You buying?” she asked, her tone still respectful due to his position of authority over her. Birkstrum nodded in response then looked your way, as did your friend. The other two nodded your way, as if wanting you to agree for the sake of possible free drinks. You nodded dumbly, standing up when Norla did. The five of you headed towards your superiors. Birkstrum was not shy in the least, helping Norla up onto the bar. You watched with wide eyes as the colonel and another of your instructors accepted the shots from the bartender and assisted Norla in moving her shirt out of the way. Your other instructor and General Hux’s attention had shifted to you the moment you had arrived. You could still smell the cologne. Fuck, you needed another drink, and you found yourself jealousy watching as Birkstrum consumed one, Norla and him chuckling as he took the lime from between her lips. The sound of ice clinking against glass caused you to turn your head. The redhead sipped his drink, observing the other officers and Norla. Sergeant Kol, on the other hand, lifted a hand and fingered the hem of your shirt. “You good, …?” “(L/n),” you supplied, not insulted that the man had forgotten. He had plenty more students than you. General Hux snorted, throwing back the rest of his drink. The bartender immediately set down another round of drinks for the nine of you. You grabbed up yours, gulping it down. Kol chortled, patting your back and nearly causing you to choke. He repeated his inquiry, and you nodded. “I’m fine, sir.” You had done body shots before, giving and receiving. It wasn’t that. It wasn’t even Sergeant Kol. It was the knowledge that General Hux was about to take body shots off you. Releasing a breath through pursed lips, you crossed your arms in front of yourself and pulled off your shirt. You needed no help getting up onto the bar, yet you felt Kol’s hand on your ass all the same. You ran a hand through your hair, relaxing along the bar as the bartender prepared the shots. Kol lined up the salt, meanwhile you grabbed up the lime wedge. Having expected Kol to be the one taking the shot given his enthusiasm, you tensed a bit when it was General Hux’s tongue swiping along you. It had to be one of the hottest things you had ever seen, had ever felt. Your cock stirred with interest, and you gave it a mental not now, boner as the redhead’s lips sealed around the lime, his teeth sinking into it. His eyes locked with yours. The smell of his cologne was invading your nostrils again. All too soon he was pulling away, and Sergeant Kol was taking the next shot off you. Your gaze remained locked with the general’s. Everyone was drinking, caught up in conversation. You had never believed you would be near your superiors in this manner. Yet here you were, being helped off the bar and handed another drink. A hand kneaded your ass. You looked to Sergeant Kol with a frown. But both his hands were in your line of sight. Your heart about skipped a beat, especially when you felt hot breath on your neck. “Officer (L/n) ,” the general said. You had never been more turned on hearing your name slipping off anyone’s tongue. He hooked his finger into your belt loop, tugging you backwards so that your ass was against the front of his pants. You could feel his erection through the layers of clothing. “Come.” Fuck, you were about to. His hand slipped up to your lower back, the man pushing you towards a more secluded part of the bar. It was a restricted area, however you were doubting that applied to a man of his rank. The moment he had the door locked, his hands were on you, shoving you against the wall. Your back hit, your palms slamming up against the hard surface just as his hands worked open the front of your pants. His hand was wrapped around your cock, pumping you without further ado. Your chest heaved as you panted, whimpering and biting your bottom lip. “Fuck, sir,” you managed to groan out, reaching to touch him as well. He, however, slapped away your hand. He lifted his limb away from your cock, placing it in front of your mouth. His eyes drank in the sight of you flicking out your tongue, wetting his palm, all the way up his middle finger, which you sucked into your mouth. You moaned wantonly around the digit when he started to finger-fuck you, adding a second then third. You wormed your tongue around them, stopping only when he removed his hand so that he could once more grip your cock, which was growing painfully hard. You braced yourself against the wall, your body shuddering as you came, ejaculating on his hand and your stomach. When General Hux released you, he was smirking. His gaze remained locked with yours as he lowered himself to his knees, swiping his tongue from the base of your cock up to your stomach, where he sucked your cum out of your belly button. Your cheeks were red, which caused the man to release a sort of purring noise. He kissed a trail up the length of your body, his tongue flicking out, his teeth grazing you until at last his mouth was atop yours. His tongue was in your mouth, and you began to run yours along his, tasting him when he allowed you to explore. His hands were all over your body, caressing, and finally he grabbed your ass, spreading your cheeks. You whimpered against his mouth as his finger, coated in your cum, wormed its way into you. You could taste the alcohol on him, and a part of you wondered if he was doing this because he was drunk. His lips broke away from yours, the man turning you around while once more dropping to his knees. He added a second finger, his tongue flicking out and teasing your puckered hole. Who gave a fuck what his reason was? You groaned and pushed back against him when he scissored you open and slipped his tongue into you. “Fuck, sir….fuck…” Your cock was already twitching again, hardening from the stimulation. It was almost too much. Then he was standing, the head of his erection pressing into you. You threw your head back, moaning out, “General!” as he pushed his way into you. His hands seized your hips, and he tugged you so that he was buried balls deep in your ass. “Yes, officer?” he hissed out, starting to rock in and out of you. “Fuck, that feels good, general.” General Hux, his lips against the base of your neck, smirked. He trailed a hand upwards, pinching one of your nipples. He slammed up into you, hitting your prostate and making you moan louder. “Fuck. Fuck…fuckfuckfuck!” He was so damn big and thick, filling you up as you never had been. His cologne was driving you crazy, his fingers trailing along your nipple, and his groan when you reached down and grabbed hold of your cock, jerking yourself in time with his thrusts. “I wanted to bend you over earlier today. Fuck you until you couldn’t shoot straight,” he growled in your ear. You shuddered, swearing again in pleasure. “I noticed the way you were looking at me. Kriff, you’re tight.” His balls were slapping against your ass cheeks, and you were loving every bit of it. “I almost didn’t believe Lieutenant Birkstrum when he said you’d loosen up with some body shots.” Your jaw dropped open. It had all been a rouse for your general to come fuck you. He walked his fingers down the length of your body, wrapping his hand around yours on your cock, making you work yourself faster. All too soon you were spilling over onto him, your body clenching him so that he ejaculated hard within you. You moaned at the sensation of being filled with his cum. His breath was ragged in your ear. “Fuck, that was good.” “Fuck… Yes, sir. Fuck.” You panted, thankful that he was more than willing to support your weight, to allow you to lean into him. His mouth tackled your neck, and you knew he was leaving hickeys that would show past your uniform. You hoped that, given the fact he was the one leaving them, your general would not reprimand you for the marks in the morning.