The sun was rising. Leia wasn't sure what time it was. She wasn't sure what time she had come out here to begin with. She wasn't even altogether sure that she was still alive. But there she sat, in her husband's old chair and watched as the D'Qar sun began to peek over the mountain in the distance, unmoved by a sunrise that only yesterday she might have found breathtaking. The Base was rising as well. She saw the first traces of work beginning on the flight line. They were in readiness mode now, and the fighters had to be able to scramble at a moment's notice. There was a war on, and she and the people around her were the only beings left to fight it. And she hated that. Hate leads to the Dark Side; she knew, but it was hate she felt. She hated the state of everything at the moment. She hated that all she had won from her well-spent youth had, for all intents and purposes, been blown all to hell yesterday. She hated that there were beings in the galaxy capable of building a weapon that could do such a thing. She hated the gnawing, gaping ache in her soul that was threatening to devour her. She hated that she had sent Sella to Hosnian Prime instead of undertaking that errand herself. She hated that she'd let Han go to that cursed base on what they all knew might be a suicide mission. She hated that the man she loved was never coming home to her, just as he had promised to finally come home to her. But most of all, she hated that the damned sun had the audacity to rise, that the pink-hued sky dared to be beautiful, and that the world around her had somehow managed to go on as though nothing had changed. As thought her heart didn't lay in ruin. So much death yesterday. Billions upon billions of lives lost. But Leia was only mourning for one of them. She hated that, too; the selfishness that kept her from going on, from doing what she needed to do for the rest of the galaxy- for those who remained and still needed her. But her sorrow was inescapable. She was a widow now, and knew in her core the true gravity of that title. Even the news of Luke, of the map's completion and the very real and present possibility of finding where her brother had run to, and the further possibility of seeing him again, had only freed her from her torpor for an all-too-brief moment. For, even if her brother were to come home, even if her son could be reclaimed from the dark that was consuming him, her family would never again be whole. Could never be. And Leia would never truly be whole again herself. She knew that just as surely as she knew that the sun had crept high enough over the mountains to cause her tired eyes to close in their own defense. It had been very late at night when she had finally given up on trying to sleep and crept from her quarters, in defiance of regulations, out to the flight line where her late husband's ship was still. She had broken down in the old freighter's cockpit within minutes of it landing on D'Qar without its rightful pilot aboard. It was really the only time since the moment she'd felt her husband's death that she had allowed herself to feel anything at all. And for whatever reason, as she lay alone while sleep eluded her, she had felt drawn Han's ship- as though being closer to it would make her closer to him. She knew that it made no rational sense, but grief could do funny things to a person. So she had snuck out of her quarters and onto the flight line; not that anyone would have questioned the General out and about on her own base. Even after lockdown, she still outranked everyone else. Once upon a time, Han had installed what he called a 'back door' code on the door to The Millennium Falcon. It was hard wired and could never be changed without swapping out the entire door mechanism. He said that he'd done it to protect against theft or sabotage- so that no matter what anyone else did, he'd always have a way to get aboard his ship. And Leia had never felt more loved than the day that he shared it with her. He had never trusted anyone but himself and Chewbacca with the code before then. She had been comforted when it had worked for her last night. She'd gone straight into the cockpit and slid into the pilot's seat. Maybe she had hoped that the familiar sights and smells would bring enough ease to her suffering to allow her to sleep. But sleep had not come. Neither had any real peace or solace. So she had sat there, all night, in Han's chair, waiting for whatever was to come- and not caring what that might be. She thought she heard the door opening through the corridor behind her. She wasn't sure that she could handle seeing Chewie right now. But she figured that if anyone might understand the depths of her grief, it would be Han's best friend. He'd easily be willing to give her the space she needed. She was more than a little bit surprised then when she heard Rey's startled voice greeting her. "General Organa!" the young girl exhorted, clearly surprised to have found the other woman aboard. Leia's eyes sprung open. She was both completely unable to deal with the presence of another person at this moment and wholly without means of escape. She didn't like the idea of anyone seeing her in the state she was in, but finding no other choice, she turned the chair to face the newcomer. "I'm sorry," Rey said to her immediately. Leia shook her head- she must look a mess if the girl had gone straight to an apology. "I didn't mean to intrude," she continued, "I just wanted to get a little work done… on The Falcon. I didn't think anyone would be here. I'll just go." The young woman turned to leave. For a moment, Leia felt relieved. Her visitor would go, and she would be alone with her misery and her memories again. But then she realized that her curiosity had been piqued. "How'd you get in here?" she asked. Rey turned around to face the General. "Chewie cut me a code," she answered. "Actually," she amended, "he let me pick one- said I might need it some time." Leia nodded. It made sense. Han and Chewie had both been fond of the girl- Han had told her as much when he'd reported back the events on Takodana. Rey shrugged. "I'll lock it behind me," she told the older woman before turning again to leave. Leia nodded again, dismissing the girl who seemed as anxious to be gone as Leia was to be rid of the company. But then she paused. Rey had come to get some work done. She cared enough about this hunk of junk that Han had loved so much to come and tinker with it on her own time. "Rey," Leia called after her. Rey turned around and stepped back into the cockpit. "You don't have to leave on my account," The General told her. If Leia could think of anything that might bring her comfort now, from The Force or otherwise, it could be the sound of work being done on her husband's beloved ship. "You're sure?" Rey asked, crouching down to pick up a box of tools that Leia hadn't even seen stashed below the seat behind her. "I'd understand if you want to be alone. I don't know much about families," she added, "but I know about losing them." The young woman picked the tool box up from the floor and considered its contents as she continued. "Chewie told me," Rey explained, looking up at Leia as she began to rummage through the box in her hands, "that Han was your husband." Leia sniffled and nodded in response. "And that Kylo Ren is your son," she added, "or…was." Leia felt the force of those words. The Force of those words. In the pain and the horror and the emptiness of the hours since Han's death, she hadn't thought to wonder if their boy had been on the planet when it blew. She wondered silently if that made her a horrible mother. No. That wasn't it. It was just that she had done her mourning for Ben long ago. He was, at least for the time being, lost to the Dark Side. And as much as she had hopes for his eventual return, she had already let herself grieve for the loss of the boy he'd been before Snoke's ugly influence had taken him down his current path. But he had survived. She knew it as soon as she wondered. She was still so much more open to The Force than she could really comprehend, and it was no trouble at all for her to feel that Ben was still there. She'd felt him in The Force since the first time she'd felt him stir in her womb. She knew his energy, and she knew it persisted. It was this feeling that had been chiefly responsible for her ardent belief that he could still be brought back. If something familiar was still present in The Force, then surely there was something in him to be redeemed. Leia closed her eyes and took a deep breath. Yes, Ben had survived the destruction of Starkiller Base, which meant that so had Kylo Ren. And Leia had a hard time reconciling her joy at the one with her horror at the other. "Yes," was all she said back to Rey. The younger woman shook her head. "Sorry," she offered, sounding startled at her own ineloquence. "I'm not really used to people." She apologized. "I should go." Leia shook her head. "What were you going to work on?" she asked. Rey gestured toward the rear of the ship. "Hyperdrive," she answered plainly. "Had a line blow when we first stole it. I put in a pretty good repair at the time, but I'd like to replace the whole line- with something that isn't covered in bonding tape." Leia couldn't help but smile a little. Han had one of the best navicomputers she had ever seen; capable of calculations so precise that he claimed to be able to make the notorious Kessel Run in under twelve parsecs. But the hyperdrive mechanism that it was connected to had been a near persistent headache for as long as she could remember. "Good luck finding one," Leia replied. "I doubt Han has anything like that lying around." She stopped herself. Had. She doubted that Han had anything like that lying around. How long until she could think of her husband in past tense? Rey looked up at the General, hopeful. "Could I ask for one?" she asked with the tiniest bot of hesitation in her voice. "It's your base," she clarified. "and technically, it's your ship now. I suppose I should be asking you if I can do the repairs at all." Leia felt her breath catch in her throat. She hadn't thought about that. The Falcon was technically hers now wasn't it? A thousand years ago, or twenty-nine if she counted properly, she and Han had made a will. They were expecting a baby and had been told that it would be irresponsible for them not to have one. They'd even had The Falcon properly titled for the occasion. But neither of them had been terribly comfortable discussing their own mortality, and they hadn't gotten much further than deciding that a surviving spouse would inherit everything and that Luke would have custody of their son until his majority should both of them pass at the same time. Surely she would let Chewie do what he wanted with the old ship, but she wasn't sure that she'd have it titled in his name. The freighter was the only piece of Han that she was sure she could hang on to- even if only legally. "Any time," Leia allowed. "Han would…." She felt her eyes beginning to well up and she swallowed hard to keep herself talking, "he would love that someone has taken an interest in his ship." Rey stopped moving for a moment. Calmly, she set the tool box down on the rear seat and moved to sit in the chair across from Leia. The General could feel an intensity in The Force, an intensity that she was sure was coming from Rey. Han had told her about the incident in Maz's castle with Luke's old light saber and Leia had been convinced from that moment that the girl was surely Force Sensitive, if not a full-fledged potential Jedi. But those details had hardly been relevant since they'd returned from Starkiller base. Those were questions better answered by Luke, anyway. She had been closed off from the Force and everything in it when she had met Rey on the flight line. But now, perhaps more open than she had ever been, Leia felt the power of the girl's presence in The Force, and somehow it made her feel less alone than she had just a moment earlier. "I feel like I should talk to you," Rey said plainly. Her face began to contort with coming tears. She shut her eyes and declared softly: "I saw it." Leia leaned across the aisle and sat her hand gently on top of Rey's. "You can tell me," The General said softly, "but you don't have to." Rey looked back up at Leia as she continued. "Kylo Ren," she began, her lip quivering at the memory. "He… Han…he walked right up to him." Leia could feel the knot in her gut growing and the horrible ache in The Force beginning to burn inside her. So it had been as she had suspected; their son had murdered his father. She squeezed Rey's hand as she continued. "And then the light saber," she continued as a tear escaped her eye, "it just… turned on. Right through him. And I could see it. And then he fell." Rey squeezed her eyes shut and sniffled. "I think," she shared tentatively, "I felt it." Leia took hold of Rey's hand and squeezed. "I did, too," she shared. And she had. She'd felt it profoundly at the moment it had happened. And, if she were being completely honest with herself, she was still feeling it; that empty, aching feeling in her- in The Force- that she was pretty well certain that she would always feel. She would have to learn to live with it, or perhaps die trying. Rey looked up in surprise. "I think I want to learn about it," she confided. "About The Force. I didn't want to. I didn't… it's too much," she admitted, shaking her head. "But I think I should. I think it's the right thing to do. And if I can learn from Luke Skywalker…." Rey sat up a little straighter. "I heard you have the rest of the map, that there may be a chance to find him." Leia nodded. There was, indeed, a chance. It was the one hope that was keeping her body and soul together at the moment. "He's my brother, you know?" she shared, unsure of how much the girl had been told. Rey shook her head as her mouth fell open. She looked at the other woman with a new found wonderment. "No," she answered. "Chewie didn't tell me that," she explained. "So, then…are you…?" "A Jedi?" Leia finished. Rey nodded; that was what she'd been trying to ask. "No," Leia stated plainly leaning back in the seat and folding her hands in her lap. "My life took a different path. But I have learned things," she shared. "And I think you would do well to learn from my brother." "I'll go," Rey offered, her voice candid, her tone hesitant. "if you'd like- to try to find him." Leia nodded. She'd had the idea in her head that perhaps she would go after her brother herself. But she knew that she was needed here. The Resistance needed their General; even if she was a mere shell of a figurehead and not the true leader that she had been only yesterday. And something in her gut, or in The Force, or in the tether that connected the two, told her that Rey's idea was the right one. "I would," she answered quietly. "And take The Falcon," she added. "Use whatever you need to get her ready." She knew in her heart that that was the right call, too. She was sure that Chewbacca would gladly make the trip with the girl, although she didn't want to speak for him just then. She stood up and held out a hand, which Rey gladly took. Standing as well, the young girl squeezed The General's hand. "Thank you," she said. "You're welcome," Leia answered sincerely. "Now, let me help you out with that hyperdrive." Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 11 of the Completely Canon Tales from the Millennium Falcon series Next Work →