Someone's out there, sending out flares Rey pov: Report Finn to recon. I want the traitor for myself. I hear the cold voice of Hux. Kylo Ren stands next to the redhead. I see Finn struggle against two of the troopers. They walk by Captain Phasma, a chrome stormtrooper, who commands them all. She looks on. Finn is dragged to recon and strapped to something similar to an interrogation chair. I wake up screaming. I hear footsteps and think it's someone here to get me. I suddenly pull my knees up to my chest and put both of my hands on my temples, over my ears. I hear voices. Both in my head and outside. They mesh together in a cacophony and pound together, putting me in even more distress. I know Finn isn't here, and that force vision just now most likely showed his fate. I rock back and forth, and feel like all of the air had been ripped from my lungs. I begin sobbing, but a part of my brain tells me that I shouldn't waste the water, adding yet another voice to the symphony. But I don't care. J continue sobbing and rocking back and forth. I don't even register a door opening. I do feel a hand on my shoulder. I flinch and turn my head and see that it's Poe. He then tells me that everything will be fine. He also tells me that we're headed to the medbay. I begin hearing the voices once again and put both hands over my ears and let out a shriek. Chapter 2 : And only surrender will help you now Summary: Rey gets diagnosed. Finn gets turned into FN-2187 (officially). Phasma has some internal conflict. Rey SERIOUSLY needs a hug. Notes: A double update? Aren't y'all lucky! Anyway, I am coming to you guys with another chapter because the last one was so short! Also, I forgot to mention something: It's J.J. Abrams's 50th birthday! So, in honor of the occasion, please spread #Force4Abrams because he did bring a whole new life to Star Wars and gave us the characters for us to write Fanfiction about! So, happy bday to him! Anyways, I hope you guys enjoy the chapter! May the Force be With You! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Finn pov: I am strapped down to a chair. Hux has moved me to reconditioning. I prepare for what is to come. Try to hold on to SOMETHING. ANYTHING. Your name, Rey, Poe, just try. Come on, Finn, just try. I remember my last good memory. Rey and I were in a forest on the resistance base. She was lying on my chest, for we were both lying down. I was toying with her hair, and she had her hand on my abs. We made idle chatter. We were both truly at peace. Then the recon starts. Rey pov: After the nightmare/panic attack, Poe took me to the medbay. He said, "Rey, something is wrong. That was the third panic attack you have had this week. That's more than me on my worst week. We need to see a specialist. Something is wrong, and if you won't acknowledge it, I will." So, Poe took me to the medbay. When he told the receptionist the slew of problems I was having and I was put in a room almost immediately. Poe and I had been waiting for 15 minutes when a med droid came in to inform us I had alarming signs of an anxiety disorder. The droid then said that someone named Major Kalonia would directly be able to diagnose me in about 20 minutes. As the droid leaves, I break down. The words sit heavy on my mind. Anxiety Disorder? Does this mean I will never live like Jessika or Poe? That I will be seen as a freak? A weakling? Poe cuts my thoughts short with, "You know, I can struggle with anxiety too. It sucks, but just know that no matter what Kalonia officially diagnoses you with, you will ALWAYS have my friendship." I smile at that. Back on Jakku, nobody cared for me like that. Not even my parents, who didn't even bother coming back for me, despite promising that they would. Poe then decides to ask, "What was the vision? It was obviously something to do with Finn. General Organa told me He had been captured. That must be the reason for your vision." I gulp and say, "He was being reconditioned. Poe, I don't know if Finn will ever come back to me now. What if this bout made him become part of the First Order's machine?" Poe then shakes his head and says, "We're gonna get him back. Even if I have to do it alone." I then smile at him in thanks. That's when Major Kalonia walks in. "Well Rey, it seems that judging by the symptoms the med droid has told me, you have something called Post traumatic stress disorder, or PTSD. It is common for people who have gone through highly stressful situations to be diagnosed with this. It usually consists of nightmares, anxiety/panic attacks, behaviors, flashbacks, and peculiar behaviorisms, as if the person is still in that particular environment." I gasp. First, it's an anxiety disorder, now this? Phasma Pov: I hear the screams of Finn- no FN-2187, in my quarters. I hate hearing the screams of my troopers, but Ren needs them. Ugh, Ren is a load of Bantha poo-doo. Sometimes, I just wish I could escape to the resistance, just like 2187. Then I could possibly be free. I hear FN-2187 scream once again. Something needs to be done about someone here. Because if nobody will, I may. If I had the right amount of support. Notes: Hope you guys enjoyed the chapter! I'm trying to work really hard to pump these out so I can give y'all reading material! Also, the chapter title is from "Again" by Flyleaf! It's a great song, y'all should check it out! Anyways, May the Force Be With You! Chapter 3 : Cause even the stars, they burn Summary: Rey discovers something shocking about her diagnosis, her past, and the voices in her head. We also get some familiar faces. Phasma begins formulating a plan... Notes: Hello everyone! I'm back! Sorry for not updating in a bit, I had some writing problems! But I'm here now! So, I want to take this chance to honor a role model in my life who passed on recently. It was former Tennessee Lady Vols basketball head coach Pat Summit. Pat had passed after fighting Alzheimer's disease for 5 years. Please remember her family in your thoughts and prayers in this time of mourning. Anyway, on with the chapter! Also, I don't own Star Wars. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Rey pov: I walk with Poe out of the med bay. PTSD. The acronym is a cruel one, taunting my mind. I won't be able to do anything normally. I'll be plagued with nightmares And panic attacks for the rest of my life. I'll have voices in my head, and will forever feel the dark, ghostly, gloved hand of Kylo Ren cruelly, maliciously assaulting my conscious mind, and now that would plague my unconcious mind as well. I am caught up in a revelry when I realize just who I need to speak with before I speak with Leia. Master Luke. He should know what to do. I then ask Poe, "Could you drop me off at Master Luke's quarters, please?" Yes, Master Luke does (sometimes) discourage my strong attachment to Finn, he should know just how to help me. Poe, shocked, just nods and walks me there with help from my directions. Poe and I arrive at Master Luke's door soon enough. I tell Poe, "Thank You." He nods and heads back to his own quarters. I knock on Master Luke's door. He opens up, a calm, warm, welcoming smile on his face with closed lips. I give a similar smile in thanks. I tell Master Luke about my diagnosis of PTSD. He then has a look on his face that tells me immediately that he knows something I don't. I then tell him what I think caused the disorder. "I think it's from where Kylo Ren interrogated me." Luke then shakes his head. "Rey, that isn't the only reason. When you touched my lightsaber, what did you see?" I look at him confused. "Master, I already told you what I saw. But there was one scene of it in particular that stuck with me." I say. Luke then says, "What memory, Rey?" I tell him that it was me, lying defenseless, in the mud while the rain poured around me, and that I saw a man slaughter right above me, while Kylo Ren and the knights of Ten crowded around me, as if to kill me, with bodies surrounding us all. Luke says that that is a perfect description of the night the Jedi temple was destroyed, and everyone was killed. All but one. A single youngling. "My daughter." Luke says. A wave of realization hits me. "Luke, are YOU my father?" I ask. All Luke does is nod. "Papa?" I ask, trying it on my tongue. He nods. I suddenly begin crying again, the tears come naturally. The voices in my head speak, but Master Luke (Papa) hears them also. His brows furrow. "Qui-Gon? Obi-Wan? Is that you?" He says. As if summoned, two bluish figures appear. "Good to see you, Luke. We knew you'd find your daughter eventually. These are the voices in my head? Luke nods at the fact stated by the long-haired ghost. Papa, then says that the two Force ghosts sitting before me are Obi-Wan Kenobi and Qui-Gonn Jinn. They nod to me in respect. I smile in respect of the two Jedi. Papa then notices my tired eyes. "How about you sleep here tonight, Rey?" I nod. I end up falling asleep no sooner than I complete the action, Talking to Leia can wait. I need sleep. And more than 3 hours of it. Phasma pov: Finn will be returning from training with Ren in 10 minutes. I need to begin planning an escape now. I've had enough of this death trap, of being on the wrong end of history. Now is the time to end it. End the reign of Captain Phasma. I project a hologram of the Star Destroyer out. I locate all escape pods on this ship. I select the one closest to my quarters for when the time comes. Now, all that's left to do is reverse the reconditioning put upon him by that load of Bantha Poodoo that calls himself Kylo Ren. Notes: How about that chapter huh? So, how'd I do? This is my first angst fic if you can't tell, and I hope I don't absolutely suck! Anyways, I hope you guys had a great 4th of July for those of you that celebrate it, and I hope I got better on chapter length! So, how about that reveal? Don't forget, kudos and reviews are much appreciated! Chapter 4 : Go forth and have no fear Summary: Rey discovers something to help her deal with her PTSD through Jedi archives.. Also, Qui-Gonn being enigmatic. Very, very enigmatic. Obi-Wan reveals something extremely important about Finn's... condition. Poe also gives GREAT advice. Let's just say things are about to get even more interesting... Notes: Ok, so I'm extremely sorry for not updating in a few days, but this chapter was HARD to write! Thankfully, my brother is a die-hard Star Wars fan, and he was able to help me out! Anyways, things will get a lot more interesting, and prepare for some shockers! Also, I don't own Star wars. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Rey POV: I wake up, not 3 hours later, but 6. This is the most I've slept in a Long Time. I also wake up with a feeling that I can't describe, like a combination of satisfaction and depression. I decide today would not be the most excellent day to talk to General (Aunt) Organa. But instead, I decide today would be an excellent day to scour the books and scrolls Papa and I salvaged from the First Jedi Temple on Ach'To. I head to the kitchen to make breakfast when I see Papa making it for both of us. I also notice Masters Kenobi and Jinn. Luke lays out an entire feast for both of us. As soon as we're seated and begin eating, Master Kenobi is the first to break the silence. "I have sensed a great disturbance in the Force. As if your lover, Finn, suddenly cried out in pain, but suddenly fell almost silent. He was, in fact, reconditioned. Finn thinks that he is FN-2187 and now vehemently, passionately believes that he is destined to kill, not only you, but your father as well." I gasp, and Qui-Gonn says, "It'd be in your best interest to sever this connection with this boy, for Snoke doesn't want you, he only wants your power, and is clearly using this boy as bait." I furrow my brows. "So you're just saying I should leave him there, be part of the First Order's machine?" I ask, unsure of what direction Master Jinn is going. "If you believe in your own personal safety and this boy's, then yes, you must." Master JInn says. "But Finn is the only one who ever came back for me, the only one that cared!" I say, feeling confused as to why I wouldn't be encouraged to rescue the one who rescued me. Papa speaks up, "Rey, what I think Master Jinn is trying to say is that it's not the most intelligent idea to go barging into the First Order in your compromised, weakened mental state. Also, Master Jinn is trying to say that Supreme Leader Snoke will prey off of your fear and anger." I nod, still feeling extremely saddened. Master Kenobi then decides to move on to another topic. "So, Rey, what are your plans after breakfast?" "I was planning on scouring the books and scrolls Papa and I salvaged from the First Jedi Temple on Ach'To. See if there is a way I can cure/help my PTSD." I say with complete honesty. After that statement, we all make idle chatter until Papa and I finish eating. We all head our separate ways after breakfast. I head to Papa's room and grab all of the meditation books off of his bookshelf. After that, I walk outside to begin reading. I set up my place and crack open the first of 5 books. By the time I am on my 2nd book, I discover something rather... interesting. It's a method of meditation that can cure PTSD. Something about a completely sound mind sounds especially appealing. I read and it states that the Force can completely calm a mind like mine, that is riddled with PTSD. I suddenly feel a great tide of joy wash over my being. Meditation does solve a lot of problems! I then grab all of my books and head back to Papa's quarters. But, while En route, I bump into Poe. He then asks, "So, how was last night?" I then say, "Well, I found out two things." Poe then asks, "What happened?" I then say, "I found out Luke is my father. I also found out that two deceased Jedi Masters are going to assist me." Poe's eyes widen. "Luke.. your father? Oh man, once I get my hands on him..." Poe starts forward, and I stop him. "Poe, it's ok. I had forgiven my family long ago. Luke only left me there because he was unsure of what to do after Ben Solo became Kylo Ren." I say candidly. Poe then says, "You know, I don't need to be a Jedi Master to know that you're happy for another reason." I then decide to say blountly, "I found a way to cure my PTSD! It's a method of meditation." Poe then smiles, and gives me one of the best pieces of advice I think I have ever received. "Rey, just because the Jedi are constantly stoic and shun anger and all of that bantha crap, don't think that that means you are not allowed be angry, or sad, or fearful. Don't think that because you're going to be a Jedi, that that means you can't break something when you're angry, or soak a pillow through when you're sad or fearful. If you're angry and the only way you can calm down is through breaking something, then you BREAK SOMETHING. Okay?" I nod and embrace Poe in a spur of the moment decision. "Thank you." I say, in genuine gratitude. After that, I head back to Papa's quarters. Notes: I hope you guys enjoyed that chapter! I worked really hard on it! Also, the credit for the Force ghosts goes to my brother, so hugs for him! Anyways, How about Rogue One trailer number 2? It was soooo amazing! #IRebel Chapter 5 : Did you see the sparks filled with hope? Summary: Phasma pov. This poor woman needs a hug. Also, Rey and Luke moment. Notes: I'm soooooooooooooooo sorry about the lack of updates!!! I've just been busy with life and high school. Ugh, why does it have to be so stressful? Anyways, I hope y'all enjoy the chapter. It'll be shorter than my normal updates, and I'm so sorry about that :(. May the force be with you! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Phasma pov: I race through the forest of my imploding home planet. My father's final words ring through my mind. "Leave here, Gwen. Run as far from here as you can. And don't look back. I love you so much more than you know." I stop for a moment, tired from all of the running. I jolt awake, covered in a cold sweat. That was strange. I barely remember anything from that night. I was 4, maybe 5. I try to forget that terrible night. Ok, enough of the pity party. Time to figure out how to get Finn back. I notice it's 3 hours before Ren comes and picks up Finn for his training. I decide that now is the perfect time to wake up Finn and try to talk some sense into him. I put on my armor and helmet and begin the trek to Finn's barracks. As soon as I'm in the door, I find Finn and shake him awake. "Phasma? I'm not supposed to be training with Ren yet, am I?" Finn says, confused. "No. But you need to come to my quarters. Immediately." I say, the voice modulator making my voice elegant. Finn crawls out of his bunk and begins walking with me. Rey pov: I make it to Papa's quarters, Poe's advice fresh on my mind. I knock on the door, and Papa immediately opens the door with a welcome smile. "Hi dad. Guess what?" I say, trying to hide my excitement, but I know that he can sense my jubilation through our bond. "What?" Papa asks, but it seems he knows the answer. "I found a cure for my PTSD!" I say, making my excitement known. Papa smiles and Master Jinn materializes behind him. "Nicely done, young Skywalker." He says, proud of me, but not making it obvious. Papa then says, "You know what this needs? A little dancing." He says with a mischievous grin. "Are you sure? We're kind of in a military revolution here?" I say, only half-joking. Papa then says, "Well, a revolution without dancing isn't a revolution worth having." I smile, and Papa begins playing some obscure tune and we dance all around the house, and I'm at peace. Notes: So yeah. Just some father/daughter fluff :). We need a break from the angst. Also, in case you were wondering, in this story, the planet the First Order is inhabiting is on a different time zone, that's why Phasma's pov is in the morning, and Rey's is in the afternoon/early evening. For those of y'all wanting to know, I made Phasma's first name Gwen because Gwendoline Christie is the actress who plays Phasma in the films. Also, who understands the reference from Luke? Anyway, I will be starting the seasonal one shots very soon :). I'm going to let y'all decide: Which relationship/family/frienship should I do first? Let me know in the comments below! May the force be with you! Notes: Wow, what an intense first chapter! So, now for the surprise. Starting THIS October, I will start a set of seasonal one-shots for our various Star Wars couples/friendships/families! These will be modern AU, and will feature the following: Phasma/Poe Phasma/Hux Rey/Finn Anakin/Padmé Obi-Wan/Padmé Poe/Jessika Pava Leia/Han Mara Jade/Luke Skywalker Anakin and Rey Leia and Han and Ben Solo Poe and Rey and Finn Padmé and Anakin and Rey Padmé and Rey Phasma and Rey Obi-Wan and Anakin Okay, that's all I have for now! More explaining will come in the next chapter!!