Refuge 50nk1 Chapter 1 Kylo Ren sat in his quarters lost in thoughts as he held his mask in one hand, examining his face with the other. Suppressed hiss escaped his lips as he traced the scar along his face. He could still see the blue flash and a lick of heat. But the pain was stronger in his chest than on the other parts. Overpowered by the scavenger girl... It worried him. No, that wasn't the correct statement, it was CONSUMING him. And she got away again, before he could examine her, find out the answers... Not only he looked like an incapable loser, he felt shaken and confused. He couldn't stop thinking about the fight, mulling it over and over again. She just kept coming with unexpected force finally cutting deep scar in his face and mind. Shook him to the core. Who was this girl really? How could she overcome the most powerful of them all? How come that he felt a constant urge to pursue her? He wanted to know so desperately.... The light of the sabres mixed and her skin shined purple and her eyes reflected it so brightly... After all those years he felt something deep and personal. It was so overwhelming he couldn't control it. 'You let her get too close to you, Kylo Ren, she is becoming your obsession.' He jerked uncomfortably. It was here again, that voice he sometimes heard in his head. Traces of Ben Solo who was supposed to die with his father. 'You felt her pain, she's got under your skin, perhaps you're not that far from light, Kylo Ren...' You are merely a taste of my past, you are fading Ben Solo! Kylo grind his teeth. 'Then how come you can still hear me?' That will be taken care of soon. My only weakness, the part Snoke wants me to destroy... 'Yes, Snoke has a plan. How do you know there will be a place for you at the end? Don't you have your own plans, Kylo, master of the Knights of Ren?' Kylo stood up and started to pace around. Yes, he started to doubt Snoke when he named Hux a general and set him to overview the actions. Ren clenched his fists as anger creeped into his mind again. Hux, that primitive soldier who had no idea about how the world should be ran, no respect for Force and the power within. Yes he, Kylo Ren, had his own plan, much bigger than all of them could comprehend. Something worthy of knights of Ren... He inadvertently looked at the morbid relic in his room, mask of his grandfather the great Darth Vader, perching on his ashes. 'Even he was once a man, a Jedi, the voice spoke again, He had a civil name, just like you do. Anakin Skywalker...' That was a distant past, a misstep on the way to greatness! Kylo brushed the thought off. Who really knew Anakin Skywalker? Who really cared about him? He transformed, reinvented himself to his best potential. So did I. 'Maybe, said the voice, but maybe he had someone who cared, someone to risk everything for...' Sudden unexpected surge of pain and fury shook Kylo's body and caught him of guard. It came out of his chest almost making him to trash the place as many times before. 'Is this why you seek the girl? To find out how she did it? How she kept above it all without falling deep like you did? Would you like to try whether you can corrupt her too?' Arrrhg! Be quiet! Stop that!, Ren grabbed a chair and threw it across the room where it smashed against the wall. The noise didn't bring him any easement. He was getting mad. Everything was messed up, so messed up. He ran a hand through his dark hair. Yes, he wanted her. He wanted to show her the way of the force. With apprentice of such potential he could accomplish his plan. But she would never go willingly, that much he saw in her eyes when they we're starring at each other and the world around them was crumbling down. Not yet anyway. He needed to convince her and fortunately he had just the right set of skills to do so. And again he immersed in memories, seeing purple glow on the soft skin, feeling her loneliness which could only match his own. And then he suddenly remembered something from distant past of Ben Solo, when he still trained for a Jedi. Something which would make sense of it, of all that was happening to him right now - learning about the Force bond. His eyes widened in horror. - No..., he whispered, no that can't be... Sharp knock on the door ripped him out of his thoughts. He quickly grabbed the mask and put it on. Enter!, he muttered in deep voice. Obviously intimidated stormtrooper came in the cabin. Supreme leader wishes to talk to you, master Ren. Kylo acknowledged by nodding. When the soldier left, he looked at the ashes again. Time to play the game. ----------------------- He hesitated for a moment but then to her surprise he grabbed sides of the helmet. What is he doing?! Is he really going to reveal his face? Rey felt an instant urge to turn away, shut her eyes tight in fear of what she could see underneath but something kept her sight locked at him as he took off the mask with peculiar hiss and stood up. To her great surprise she saw raven hair and almost handsome face of a young man. He looked like anyone she could meet on the market and not even turn her head around. Is this the feared Kylo Ren? She stared at his tall dark figure in disbelief. It was disturbing how innocent his face looked like. Nothing would suggest that this guy is dangerous...that is until you looked into his eyes. Those eyes crackling with unspoken raw emotions glaring at her with curious interest as if she was something to dissect and examine... Is he going to torture her? Rey felt the sweat trickling down her forehead. You know I can take whatever I want... He was taunting her fully aware that she was well restrained. She felt cold sweat on her back. Those words together with look on his face made her feel uncomfortable in a new strange way she didn't understand yet. And he knew it, that's why he said it, to make her feel minor and confused. It was apparent that he was trying to get the game to known territory where he is the master and she is the victim. That's why he spoke down to her, she was only a mere scavenger. But in reality and for reasons unknown she was keeping him off balance. There was a trace of compassion...and Kylo Ren was afraid of it. He tried to hide it behind arrogance. But his eyes betrayed him, curiosity and astonishment plainly showing. He really wants to know who I am, realised Rey. Kylo Ren leaned closer and she started to tremble. Her breathing came rasp and shallow, heart pounding against the ribs so hard that she thought it must be visible under her shirt. It was too close for comfort, his hand almost touching her cheek, his breath tickling her skin, eyes narrowly watching contours of her face... Her stomach rolled and she had to turn away. But it didn't stop him from breaking into her mind and his voice even though a whisper still resonated inside her as he spoke. She felt violated and embarrassed unable to defend herself. She could only rest helplessly against the contraption holding her prisoner and listen to her own deepest thoughts being stolen and spoken aloud by him, tiers of humiliation rolling down her face. Until the pain became unbearable... Get out of my head! "Rey? Rey, wake up!" Somebody was calling her name, pulling her into the light, out of this nightmare which was repeating itself over and over again. "Get out of my head...", she whispered weakly still half asleep. "Rey, it's me, Luke." Suddenly she woke up and sit up straight, wildly looking around, her heart pounding. She saw familiar interiors of cool stone and smelled fresh leaves, scent she loved so much. Ah, she finally calmed down and collapsed back on blankets. This is not the Starkiller base, and she is not in Kylo Ren's clutches. She rubbed her eyes and touched her chest. It wasn't easy to released hitched breath. Finally familiar hooded face with beard and worried eyes appeared. Luke Skywalker was crouching next to her. "Again?", he asked offering her a cup of water. Rey only nodded unable to talk as she propped herself on the elbows and took a sip. The dream was still too vivid. She shivered and realised her top was soaking wet. "Come outside, it's lovely and I have made some breakfast.", invited her Luke. "I...just need a moment.", she mumbled and dropped the cup on the floor next to her bed. "Hm,", he nodded and gave her another concerned look before exiting the room. Rey carefully sat down and pressed her palms on the eyelids trying to push in the images. It's been six months since their last meeting yet Kylo Ren kept haunting her in the sleep. She couldn't get him out of her head, he was rooted too deep since she penetrated his mind far beyond the barrier and saw struggling tortured soul of Ben Solo. He cancelled the connection between them immediately looking so rattled, not understanding what just happened. Yes, he felt it too, when they were deep in each other's minds... That connection or whatever it was. Rey twitched as she didn't like to think of it that way, she didn't want to be attached to a murderer. She hated him. Monster. Cold blooded father killer. With dull pain she remembered Han Solo and their short but meaningful encounter. And Finn... She missed him tremendously. That creature almost cut him in half. At least she managed to give him something in return, Rey smirked wickedly. Deep cut across that baby face. Now he'll have a real reason to keep that mask on... Suddenly she felt a wave of righteous anger. He dared to offer her mentoring! Maybe to teach her how to kill your friends and family without feeling remorse, she thought bitterly. She imagined that intense look Kylo Ren gave her when she defeated him. Mixture of astonishment and anger, and also was it a trace of...fear? Lying on the ground in the snow, shocked and overpowered, he looked at her and first time saw an equal. And that was very satisfying. Rey slowly stood up, stretched her back and took a deep breath. She loved this place. Luke said it used to be an old temple and now it became his own little refuge. And you couldn't imagine a better place... She stepped outside of the house and looked up. Gaping hole in the cave ceiling was showing her green face, as nature broke in ages ago trying to find its way. Skies were blue and ray of light shone on their little settling in the collapsed cave deep underground far away from any entrance. She scanned the wet walls pausing at the sight of Luke's small flying vehicle which was hidden under big rug made of intertwined leafs and twigs. The house itself was build of rocks so it was not particularly recognisable from the air. Perfect hiding place, perfect training grounds. She spotted Luke nearby standing and staring at the sky. He missed flying, she could tell as much. Sudden growl in stomach reminded her that she could consider some food and she took a step towards Luke. She knew that he wouldn't approve of her motivation or maybe try to change her mind, but Rey promised herself that when she meets Kylo Ren next time he won't get away so easily. Chapter 2 : The Knights of Ren Wind played with folds of black cloak blowing them cheerfully amongst crumbled walls of dark volcanic rock. Ruins of former fortress were overridden by grass and all kinds of green. In ten years since the downfall nature was already breaking in and of once mighty castle only tall gate was now standing intact. Kylo Ren leaned against the wall with his bare hands touching it, eyes closed as if he was listening to forgotten voices. His helmet lied nearby, left aside on a large boulder, revealing his young face and the pale scar dissecting it. This was the only place in Galaxy where he could show his vulnerable side. Kylo was taking deep breaths enjoying fresh scent and energy of this place. Even the catastrophe befalling it couldn't take power of the Force away. This was his home, his escape, his refuge. Snoke for some reason tolerated these little visits perhaps because it intensified his performance in the training afterwards. Hux on the other hand was very curious about where is Ren disappearing every month on the same day and he expressed his frustration to the supreme leader. But Snoke dismissed the claims every time driving the general mad. Kylo smirked. Pathetic rivalry. He brushed off the image of red haired angry little man. He didn't come here to ponder over Hux's confidence issues however entertaining that might be. He came to honour his fellow Knights who gave their lives for the cause. And so he stood there diving in memories of the night, noise of the fighter planes and flashes of blasters which got them out of beds, unidentifiable screams and bravery of his friends in the face of the enemy. Resistance, the traitors, thieves and murderers... -------- Little rock smashed against the cave wall deflected by Force. Rey was breathing heavily. This new exercise Luke created for her was a lot of fun but also demanded concentration and accuracy. She currently struggled with both as something was constantly bothering her. Luke felt this when he scolded her for using wrong side of the Force every time she got frustrated. "Control your mind!", yelled he throwing another rock. "Stay focused!" But something on the back of her mind, some unclear blurred images started to unfold. The rock almost hit her in the face before she forced it away in the last moment. "What is it?", yelled Luke across the cave. Rey frowned on something he couldn't see. Suddenly she staggered backwards. Cave around her all of a sudden disappeared and instead Rey found her self among crumbled ruins, cold wind blowing into her face. Deep sorrow which wasn't hers penetrated her heart like a spear. The pain was so sharp that she cried out. She saw a young man with raven hair touching the walls gazing somewhere inside. Unexpectedly he turned his head and looked straight at her. Rey stared into those dark wells and felt herself falling...falling deep into his eyes..into his very soul. And what she saw hurt her more than anything before. Images torn out of memory - men in helmets falling down one by one, flashes of red light and noise of collapsing stone walls under aerial assault. The vision disappeared as fast as it came but the sadness and hurt prevailed. As the cave reappeared again shaken Rey was gasping for air trying to keep balance and understand what just happened. Her head was reeling, she struggled to stand upright. Hot tiers were rolling down her face as she touched her cheeks. Astonished she was just standing there crying, then finally collapsed on the floor shaking with violent sobs. Luke was next to her in one jump, pulled her up into his arms and whispered calming words whilst gently stroking her back. After a while her breathing slowed down and she regained consciousness. "What...what was that?", as soon as she was able to speak Rey looked at Luke trembling. "Seems like you had a vision.", he frowned. "I was afraid of this. It seems that my observations were correct.", he murmured more to himself than to her. He was deeply worried as even after months of training she wasn't able to block this out. Every time she got exhausted unwanted dreams creeped into her mind like a thief in the night slowly stealing her sanity away. "I want it to stop. Please...", she whispered hiding her face in Luke's cloak. He felt for her but couldn't do much to help. There was no defence against it. In fact denying it would only make it worse. He sighed. The time came for her to know the truth. "Rey...", he said softly and she looked up. Her frightened gaze almost made him stop. He wasn't looking forward to share his revelations but it was necessary. "It looks...", he started slowly preparing to drop the knowledge on her, "it seems that you and Ben Solo share a Force bond. I was suspecting it for a while now." "What do we share?", she pulled away. Luke sighed again. "Force bond is a connection between two Force sensitive beings. It binds them together, allows one to experience the feelings of the other, share his abilities too. No matter how far apart, it will always connect you and your fates are intertwined." "What?..", Rey whispered. "NO!" She jumped back on her feet shaking her head and backing up. Never! She will never be connected to a monster. Never. She felt shivers and chills all over her body. "You must be mistaken!", bursted out of her. "Am I?", Luke turned to her. "Think about it. You cannot sleep calmly since you met him, you unexpectedly overpowered him with strength equaled to his own, you are feeling his misery, experiencing Force visions, shall I continue?" Rey stood speechless. It all made sense, all fit together in one nightmare of a puzzle. "But how is that even possible? We've never met before!", she finally cried out. She didn't want to yell at him but the panic was overcoming her. Luke thought for a moment before answering. "No one knows how the bond comes to life. Only the consequences of such connection. And you cannot break it.", he sadly noted. "Whether you want it or not all points to the only option - you are bonded with Kylo Ren." "No, no..", she was backing up again raising hands as in defence. Her back hit the cave wall, there was nowhere else to retreat. "Can you train me?!", desperate scream escaped her. "Train me to suppress it! I don't want it! I don't want to be connected to a murderer!" The ground under her feet threatened to open up and swallow her alive. She had to sit down on a wet rock, covered her face with both hands and everything became so clear. His face was haunting her for so long. She saw dark hair in the wind and burning eyes locked at her everywhere. Now she finally understood. "Why?!", she clenched her fists. Why?! Luke sat down next to her and looked right into her eyes. He had to push himself hard to tell her the rest. "He already knows it. He will try to find you, he's constantly searching. Conscious or dreaming." Her breath hitched again as she sat paralysed by horror. This can't be happening. And she thought Luke was hiding himself when now she realised he was actually hiding her. "What are we going to do?", she whispered. "Well for now we are succeeding with protecting you. And when you accomplish your training then the decision is on you.", Luke stood up. "What do you mean? What decision?", she looked at him puzzled. "Well,", hesitated Luke, "You can save him...or let him fall." Rey blinked. Save him?! "Don't forget that he used to be Ben Solo. Until life turned him into Kylo Ren." Life...turned him?! He turned himself by murdering all those people! And Han... "How can you say that?", she bursted out. "How can you even think that he can be redeemed after what he's done! He killed his father, there is no way back from that!", she was breathing fast. Memory of Han's death was still very painful. Luke turned away from her blaming gaze. Something strange was going on. Guilt and regret was clearly showing on his face. She saw that he is reluctant to speak but Rey needed the answers. She needed to hear something to keep her mind at peace, to help her understand all this. "Please, talk to me." Luke pointed his sight somewhere above her head and for a moment got lost in his thoughts. He should have known that he cannot run from himself forever. Rey didn't cease to stare at him, eyes full of expectations. "Ok then.", he turned to her after a while. "I think I'll have to begin with a legend to give it more sense.", he spoke to himself and started to pace. "Have you ever heard anything about the Knights of Ren?" Knights of Ren...Rey shook her head. Even though she had no idea the name was strangely familiar to her. But before she could mention it to Luke he continued with his story. "Knights of Ren were an ancient order dedicated to protect balance in the Force. They we're neither Jedi nor Sith, they represented both sides. It is thought that by using both sides they became very powerful, so called Force masters. You can imagine why Ben would find this so appealing. He considered it to be a noble cause which granted incredible power, channel for his true potential. I couldn't satisfy his needs with my Jedi training, he grew impatient and started to turn away from me. His independence and power were attracting others as well. Slowly small group of my students separated to follow him. They secretly referred to themselves as Knights of Ren and started tampering with the Force. They were becoming more and more unstable as such experiments require incredibly strong character. I must admit that I didn't handle it well. I knew how difficult it would be to keep balance in Force, if it's even possible. I knew how easily it can twist to something much more sinister. Like the fate of the ancient Knights of Ren, when dark side corrupted them all, one by one. At the end they were suppressed by new group of force sensitive individuals and from the ashes of a great war new order was born..." "The Jedi.", realised Rey. Luke nodded. "Since then there has been strict separation in Force, dark and light, and no one ever questioned it's righteousness. Until Ben discovered the story of the Force masters in some old books." Luke's expression somewhat darkened as he immersed in those memories. "He was always very perceptive and sensitive and I didn't know how to tame him. Maybe I shouldn't have. If I tried to understand him maybe now he would be a different person. I should have known that someone like Ben cannot be ordered, just guided. Sometimes I think with my ignorance I pushed him over to the darkside, even if originally he wanted to master the light as well. But I didn't believe it was possible. And then Ben found out about his origins.", Luke frowned. "He blamed me for keeping this away from him. He was convinced that the lightsabre I was wielding should now belong to him. And it was about this time when Snoke came along. He saw Ben's true potential and already had his own plans how to use it. He showed him respect and understanding for his cause where I dismissed his ideas as foolish, thus giving him master worthy of following. And young Solo craved attention, recognition and father figure. He was left behind by his own father and his mother was always busy with the state of Galaxy. How could his ever busy parents notice his struggling to comprehend his own powers? Snoke knew this and played on it. And I failed miserably trying to turn Ben back to the light." Luke stopped and covered his face with one hand for a moment. Rey felt his struggle to continue. This was the part that hurt the most. After a moment he composed himself and renewed his pacing. "He left the academy never to be heard of as Ben Solo. After some time news started to pour in. About new order raising, new dark figure on the scene, Knights of Ren riding again. But not as powerful Force masters but enforcers of Snoke's will. Fear was spreading across the galaxy once more. Worried senators sat down for deliberations and people decided. The Knights of Ren had to be destroyed before it was too late. And so one night their fortress has been raided and those young boys, even though strong with the force but unfinished in training, fell one by one for their cause. Except Kylo Ren, their master, most powerful of them all. This is when Snoke revealed himself, raised Kylo from the ashes, showed him trust and faith, and awarded him with high ranking position. He convinced Ben that he can control the Force by learning everything about the darkside. And so Kylo Ren became his tool committing all those unspeakable crimes believing it will all regain meaning at the end. Even killing his own father was in order to get closer to knowledge Snoke can provide him with and he craves so much. He separated himself from his origins to stand alone as the new and only Force master. And that's how The First order was born." Rey was staring at him amazed. So this is why Luke left for secluded little island. He was blaming himself for allowing this to happen. She didn't know what to say to him. It all made sense but... "You couldn't know what would become of...", she couldn't bring herself to say the name, "...him. The blame is not yours, we are choosing our own paths." She was trying to find some other words to console him, but Luke dismissed her waving his hand. "Yes we do pick our own paths but it is often decision based on an example. And Han...well Han was many things, but good father wasn't one of them. Oh don't get me wrong,", he noted Rey's expression, "he loved his son. But he was never there. And for personality such as Ben's that wasn't good." Even though she wanted Rey couldn't object - she knew he was right. Gazing into wet cave she thought about all she heard from Luke. She didn't like it a bit, she didn't want to know how Ben Solo turned into Kylo Ren, she didn't wish to be anyhow connected to him. And yet knowing what happened somehow brought him closer and she felt the Force bond strengthening. Series this work belongs to: Part 1 of the Seeking light series