“Hux,” Ren greets as soon as he sweeps into Hux’s quarters. Hux looks up from his work, irritated at being interrupted in his own quarters, and not for the first time regretting giving Ren the override code after they started sleeping together. “Ren,” he snaps, hoping to convey his annoyance and get Kylo to leave him alone. Kylo, ever oblivious, just walks over and places his helmet on top of Hux’s data pad. “For the last time, it’s Kylo,” he mutters, leaning down to kiss Hux’s cheek. “Also, it’s almost 2300, and you should be resting. “There’s no rest for a general, you oaf. I have important paperwork to review. Go bother someone else.” “But I don't like bothering anyone else. And I brought a surprise for you.” “That's sweet of you, but it’s a terrible time right now, and you need to leave.” “...Hux. Hux, it’s your birthday tomorrow. In an hour” “I don’t care about nor celebrate my birthday.” “Well, I do. My mothe - caretaker. My caretaker used to celebrate my birthday every year. Wanna know what we had at the celebration?” “No.” Kylo gleefully ignores him and bends down to whisper in his ear. “Ice cream and balloons." Seemingly out of nowhere, a bunch of pink balloons and a tub of ice cream appear. Kylo grins, proud of his stupid Force trick, and thrusts the balloons in Hux’s direction. “How did…” Hux waves his hand around for a second, at a loss for words. “How did you know?” he finally manages, indicating the pink ice cream and balloons. “I wrote to your mother. She said that you love ice cream but stopped eating it once you became a cadet; your favorite color is not, in fact, black or grey, but pink; and that pink balloons make you feel lucky. And baby,” Kylo spins Hux’s chair to face him and brush their lips together. “You’re getting very lucky tonight.” Hux snorts and presses a quick kiss to Kylo’s mouth before pushing him away to stand. “You have terrible pickup lines. But yes, you're right for a change. I suppose I do deserve to,” Hux sneers at Kylo’s previous wording. “ Get lucky .” He turns to go to the bedroom, but pauses, turning back slowly to squint at the ice cream. “Kylo, dearest. What exactly is that for?” A mischievous grin crosses Kylo’s face. “You’ll see,” is all he says before sweeping Hux off his feet and carrying him, laughing, to bed. When they get through the door, Kylo casually tosses him onto the sheets and floats the ice cream over. “Take those ridiculous things off,” Hux orders as he begins stripping his own uniform away. Kylo doesn’t comply immediately, instead taking the time to watch Hux fold his trousers and lay them aside before languidly lying naked across the sheets, his pale skin stark against the regulation black. Hux takes notice of the staring, frowns, and twirls an impatient finger in his direction. “Go on, then. Show me that nice big cock of yours.” Now that gets him going. Suddenly flushed and eager, Kylo struggles out of the many layers of his robes and tosses them into a pile on the floor. Hux doesn’t even comment on the mess as he usually does. He just grabs Kylo’s wrist and drags him into a heated kiss. They end up laying there for a long while, Hux draped over Kylo, making out like teenagers and getting themselves worked up and ready for what’s to come. Although he's enjoying the slick slide of their tongues and the intimacy of just kissing, Hux breaks away first, blinking a few times to clear his lust-clouded thoughts. “So...what about that ice cream?” Kylo laughs and rolls them so that he’s pinning Hux down. “Eager, are we?” “Well, I mean,” Hux shrugs one lightly freckled shoulder. “I do love pink ice cream.” Kylo laughs again and presses a chaste kiss to Hux’s forehead before getting up and grabbing the ice cream from the night stand. He opens it, leaves the lid on the stand, and sets the tub at Hux’s side. “So here’s how it’s going to go,” Kylo says as he places himself between Hux’s legs and gently rubs his thigh. “I’m going to cover you in this ice cream, and then lick it off of you. If you squirm, I’ll stop until you've calmed down. If you try to taste it, we stop and you get to enjoy an empty bed tonight. The only words you say are my name or asking me to stop. If you behave, you get ice cream. If you don’t, you get the balloons and no more sweets or sex tonight. Got it?” Hux flushes dark red and his cock gives a slight twitch. He nods quickly and looks at Kylo from behind hooded lids, already aroused by the thought of being tempted and controlled. Kylo smiles and presses a kiss to Hux’s soft stomach. He begins. The first touch of cold against his chest causes Hux to tense and whimper, trying not to flinch away. Kylo shushes him gently and rubs it in soothing circles. He steadily scoops more out of the tub with his fingers, placing the ice cream in little dollops all around Hux’s abdomen. He waits until the rest of his torso is covered before gently dropping some onto Hux’s nipples. As soon as it makes contact, Hux lets out a low moan and arches into it. Kylo generously lets it slide; after all, Hux’s nipples have always been ridiculously sensitive. The ice cream is already starting to melt when Kylo starts on his legs. He doesn’t mind, but he doesn’t want to deal with Hux bitching about the mess afterwards, so he lifts Hux up with the Force and summons a towel from the refresher to spread underneath him. Then, he gently settles Hux back down and resumes working. He covers Hux’s trembling thighs next, carefully arranging the spots into nonsensical patterns before rubbing them away. Hux is tense beneath his hands, trying not to get away from the cold and not to press into the fingers that run across his skin. It's amusing to see Hux, usually stony and composed, falling apart between the sensations of hot and cold. Kylo lingers on his thighs a moment more before moving up to cover his his flushed neck and the tip of his nose ( because it’s cute when Hux scrunches his face up at that ). Only after Hux gives him a death glare for prematurely licking away the drop on his nose ( again, because it's cute ) does he finally moves down to his crotch. He thoughtfully eyes Hux's flushes length, wondering how to best torture Hux. After a short consideration, he decides the best course of action is to not make him too cold, but not give him any relief of a warm hand. Carefully, he arranges the drops along the shaft in half inch increments, reveling in the full body shiver Hux gives, and tops it off with a giant glob on the head. He uses only the tip of his index finger to smear it around the entire shaft, and Hux whines and bucks his hips without thinking. When Kylo looks up to scold him, Hux has his eyes squeezed shut and his jaw clenched. Kylo takes pity on him. “Relax, darling,” Kylo soothes, scooting up to run his non-sticky hand through Hux’s disheveled hair. “I’ve got you. I promise, I've got you. You can speak now, but only if you’re going to be nice.” “ Kylo ,” Hux breathes, quiet and needy. “I need you Kylo. Fuck, just. Fuck.” Kylo, groans, heat pooling low in his belly at the sound of Hux begging for him. He kisses Hux, hot and breathless, until he feels like he might float away from the feeling of their lips together. Only then does he sit back and consider where to start. He slowly rakes his eyes over Hux's body a few times, finally deciding on his thighs. He moves to lay between Hux's thighs and laps gently at the melting sweetness, little kitten licks that have the muscles under his tongue twitching in Hux’s effort to stay still. The melting ice cream has trailed down the crease of his right thigh, behind his balls and toward his ass. Kylo feels like he could cum untouched at that sight, and he reaches down to briefly squeeze the base of his cock. Then, without warning Hux in any manner, he grabs his thighs and bends him in half. Hux yells indignantly, certainly ready to go on a rant, until Kylo leans in and presses his tongue against Hux's entrance. The angry words turn into throaty moans as he works to slop up every drop he can get. It's intoxicating tasting the sweet ice cream against the musk and salt of Hux's skin. Normally he doesn't enjoy rimming much, but with a little sweetening... well. Hux’s breath catches whenever Kylo presses the tip of his tongue past the tight muscles; involuntary little sounds slip out with each upward stroke. Honestly, Kylo wants to spend hours down there, reducing Hux to a pleading mess, but as the sugar begins to fade, he gives one last lick and forces himself to move on. He bypasses the ice cream spread along Hux’s cock, saving the best for last. Instead, he decides to licks Hux’s torso clean. Hux whimpers weakly as Kylo dips his tongue into his navel, sweeping his tongue in a few quick circles. Then, he moves to the side and cleans the ice cream on his pelvis. When he sucks a few bruising marks around the jutting hipbones, Hux whines and reaches down to grasp at Kylo’s hair, tugging sharply and earning him a gentle slap on the side of his thigh. “No squirming,” Kylo practically sing-songs, loving how frustrated and aroused Hux is. Hux just grumbles out something that may not even be words, but he hears everything Hux wants to voice. He smiles smugly and continues his work, moving up to Hux’s chest. When licking his chest clean, he carefully licks around his nipples, leaving Hux to moan and beg silently for more contact in different places. But Kylo wants Hux to wait, wants him to be as desperate as he ever gets before he gets what he wants. So he deliberately slows his pace and licks long stripes from the bottom of his ribs to his collarbone, avoiding everything that Hux is waiting for. He hears Hux mentally curse him. “Seriously, darling. Relax. I promise I’ll help you in a moment.” His heart does a weird flip when Hux looks down at him with wide, trusting eyes and nods, so when he brings his head back down, he takes the kinder route and closes his mouth around a nipple. He sucks gently, making Hux shout and press his chest against the wet heat of his mouth. Kylo rubs a hint of teeth against the pebbled skin before giving one last suck and treating the other nipple the same. When he pulls back to admire his work, the delicious blush that had started high on his cheekbones has made it’s way down to a few inches below Hux’s now-reddened nipples, and Kylo can’t help but feel pride at the effect he has on him. “Kylo, please . I...I need to come.” “Don’t. Not until I give you permission." “Ah...uh...yes sir.” “Good boy.” Kylo kisses his chest and finally, finally, moves down to Hux’s leaking cock. He regards the ice cream for just a moment before leaning down and licking a long stripe from base to tip. Hux moans loud and long, his cock twitching under Kylo’s tongue. Kylo smirks and suckles on the head, sweeping his tongue over it to scoop up the ice cream and precum. The taste is slightly strange, but not altogether unpleasant. He swipes his tongue and presses the tip of it into the slit once more for good measure before moving down until Hux's dick brushes the back of his throat. He swallows carefully, trying not to gag, and flicks his eyes up. Hux practically screams when Kylo nods and hums his permission, coming hard and fast down Kylo’s throat. Kylo moans at the taste and swallows neatly before pulling off and straddling Hux's thighs. He reaches down to grasp himself, stroking only a few times before coming over Hux's stomach and chest. He groans and traces a finger through the mess before leaning down to sloppily lick that up too. Hux twitches softly through the aftershocks, staring incredulously at Kylo. After a moment, he reaches down and hauls Kylo up into a gentle kiss. “You,” he growls, punctuating it with a quick peck. “Are insufferable .” “I know." He smirks and pulls Hux into another kiss, this one with a lazy hint of tongue. "Happy birthday, babe. Oh, hey!" Kylo levitates the tub over from where it had fallen to the floor. "Still want ice cream?” Hux smirks back, reaching for the container. “Only if it’s drizzled on you.”