Brendol Hux had everything in his life that he wanted, from his red Monte Carlo to the sparkling gold plaque on his desk with B. Hux proudly etched in. Technically his life is perfect. Anyone who looked in from a window would say so at least. Earning too many figures at the company he owns, plain ties that match plain shirts to go with the plain suits. A nice office all to himself that overlooks the entirety of the city. Yes, Brendol Hux had a rather fulfilling life. Today, however was a stain on his otherwise perfect life. He was met that morning with a surprise meeting, followed by an hour long conference call with his sales director. Shortly after that he found himself tiredly rolling his eyes as the director in tech support sent him a young man who didn't even look like he should have been working there. Talk about a botched effort. The kid sitting in his office can't be more than twenty, if that, with dark hair a wavy mop flopped on his head, and wrinkles etched in from too much scowling. While the youthfulness in his face was endearing, his clothing made Hux blanch; gray sweatpants and a university sweatshirt from Central State. “You are aware we have a dress code policy,” He paused to look at the papers to identify the man sitting in front of him. “Kylo” turned a deep red, almost matching the horrid color of his university sweatshirt. “Even if you work in the tech department, it wouldn't look good for anyone to catch a glimpse of you looking like a deranged drug addict. Then do you know who looks bad? Me.” “I'm sorry, sir.” His face is an angry cross between pink and red, dusted across his cheeks especially, and his forehead. His lips nervously curl in, wetting them as he looks at Hux with a pathetic look impossible to describe. “I, um, last week most of my clothes were stolen out of the dryer at my apartment complex.” “That's unfortunate.” “And I haven't been able to replace them. Not yet at least - I'm behind on rent - and Mitaka didn't write me up for not coming in dress so I thought it was fine.” “And you didn't bother to explain to anyone why you were unable to come in uniform? You realize we could have helped you instead of assuming you were just lazy.” Kylo made a noise of embarrassment and covered the lower half of his face with his left hand. “I'm sorry, sir.” “Don't be sorry. But we do need to get you some clothing. Are you free Saturday?” “Yes.” “Fantastic. I'll pick you up at nine in the morning and we’ll find some appropriate clothing for you. Don't give me that look, it'll all be going on the company credit card.” He brushed a few strands off his forehead. “Now go do your job.” . . . At 9am Kylo wasn't much better off. His hair was still just as outrageously fluffed, but the rest of him was shoved into a pair of ratty, holey jeans and a shirt for March of Dimes. His shoes were just as bad as the pants, and he briefly wondered if he would be overstepping some sort of unspoken boundaries by buying Kylo a whole new wardrobe. “This is your car?” Kylo asked, as he slid in. The leather seat squeaked as he got comfortable and clipped the seat belt in. “It's so nice!” He shrugged, shifting gears. The red Monte Carlo wasn't anything particularly overwhelming, not in comparison to the graduation gift his father gave him when he was eighteen. But then again Kylo probably still drove some beat-up ‘87 that he proudly paid for himself. “Where are we going?” Kylo finally asked,having finished marveling at the interior of the car. “Just to the mall. They have a couple of nice places, plus restaurants and the like if you get hungry or want to check out some of the other shops, you can.” “Were you thinking about buying me other things?” Kylo asked, lips curled in a pleased smile. “Don't take advantage of my niceness. Nor should you believe that I'm always this nice.” “Okay, Dad,” Kylo replied in a teasing tone. . . . Apparently Kylo had never been to the mall. Or it had been so long that he felt the need to go in and out of every shop available, even if he had no real need to be in there. The shopped through a Claire’s and a store labeled “sleeping dragon” that smelled suspiciously like weed and incense. Both times Kylo would run his hands through the clothes, or shake something shiny. After that they found themselves in a store that carded them before they even entered, filled with inappropriate clothes, sex toys and bottles of lube. While Hux was quickly allowed in, the woman eyed Kylo’s ID with scrutiny before waving him in. They didn't spend much time there, Kylo disinterestedly looked through the mannequins wearing thin, racy underwear and bra designs. In the end, the only purchases made were Strawberry Kiss Lubricant and a plug that Hux saw Kylo look at a few times. Once Kylo got his fill of fucking around in, they entered ALDO and made Kylo sit and try on shoes until he found several pairs the fit, all a shiny black. While they were there they also picked up a pair of sneakers that he paid for with cash to replace the ratty pair that Kylo currently was sporting. “Can we get milkshakes?” Kylo asked. He carried the heavy bag by his side, whipping his head back and forth to take in all the stores. “Why would we get milkshakes?” “Because I'm hungry?” “Then we’ll stop for lunch.” “Fine. I want to go to Uncle Tai’s.” “You're awfully demanding for having literally no money on you,” Hux noted. Regardless they looked at the map until they found the restaurant and then headed up the two flights of stairs into the tiny Chinese place. They were seated almost immediately, in a quiet corner with a paper lantern hanging over their head, and heavy menus handed to them each. Thanks to lunch rush having not yet started, a waitress was quick to help them. While Hux carefully scoured the menu, Kylo ordered the most basic thing he could think of: Sesame chicken and fried rice. “Really?” Hux asked, after the waitress had bustled away. “Did you even look at the menu?” “I did. But I really don't like that stuff.” Exasperated, Hux fell quiet and rubbed his temples, waiting for the food to get there. When the food did arrive, Kylo ate with disgusting gusto, barely pausing between bites before he readily shoved more in his mouth. Hux felt the need to teach him the manners his parents had never taught him. Trying not to dwell on it, however, he paced himself while eating his lunch, chewing almost teasingly slow when Kylo finished. “Do you always eat so slowly?” “Not all of us devour our food like a pack of wolves.” Their was a small sigh of annoyance, followed by nothing, and Hux looked over to the man, who had resigned to playing on his phone. “Here.” Hux stabbed a piece of his chicken, some of the vegetables and swiped it through his sauce, and offered it to Kylo. “Try it.” “Ew, no.” “You won't know if you like it until you try it,” He reasoned. “Well I won't like it.” “Stop acting like a child.” He handed the fork to Kylo, and sat back to wait. After a minute, Kylo begrudgingly held it against his lips and then bit down on it, blanching as he did so. “That was awful.” “Oh, shush.” . . . Once lunch was finally over, they went to get Kylo fitted for new clothes. The nice little shop they entered was willing to tailor the clothing that day for a fee . After Kylo picked out a few new shirts and pants, the seamstress came out and quickly wound the tape measure around him for measurements. Four hours they were told. Four long hours for them to kill thanks to Kylo’s gargantuan limbs. “We can go look at more shops,” Kylo said with delight. “You're only saying that because you don't have to pay.” “You're right.” Kylo grabbed him by the arm and tugged him into another store - something stocked with movies and unnecessary merchandise. While Kylo flipped through colorful story books and looked at merchandise with characters from popular cartoons, Hux glanced through the collection of classic CDs and movies featuring actors that were long time dead. “Okay, I'm done looking around,” Kylo finally announced, hands stuffed in his pockets. “I “think I read every volume of Bee and Puppycat they have.” “you don't want anything?” Hux asked, placing an arm around Kylo’s shoulder. “You would have bought me something?” “Would have, but I'm bored now. Pick a different store.” They walk around the mall a while longer before they finally enter a long brightly lit store that carries every type of clothing man could possibly design. Kylo scoured dresses for a bit, remarking which ones his teenaged cousin would like, and then strolled through jeans, occasionally picking a few he thought looked nice. The clearance bin in the middle was a point of interest for him, mostly. The bin was a large circle, probably ten feet in diameter, with a long pole in the middle declaring fifty percent off. Everything was thrown in there that had been in the store longer than a month - shoes, sweaters, dresses. Before Hux could stop him, Kylo had picked out close to fifteen items to try on, ranging from the clearance bin to the rack carrying all of the clothing marked upward of $150. Then he insisted that Hux sit through him trying on and testing different outfits with each and every item. The green scarf didn't go with anything, but the maroon vest appeared in five different outfits he made. After forty minutes Hux is called into the dressing room to help. He's not sure if he's having trouble getting something on or getting it off, but Hux is tired and really doesn't want to sit through another thirty minutes of this. “I can't tie the back on my own.” “What do you have that need to be tied?” Hux asked, walking into the changing room area, and then pushing back the curtain to reveal Kylo’s mostly naked body. Well, maybe just “mostly” is a vague understatement. It took him a moment to detect the fact that Kylo was actually wearing anything at all, aside from two silk ribbons he was struggling to tie together behind his back. “What's this?” Hux asked, a hint of amusement in his voice as he swept a hand through his hair. Upon closer inspection, Kylo was wearing a pair of plum colored panties, with a tag hanging from the side that showed a picture of how they were supposed to correctly be done - with an extravagant bow just above his ass to keep the pretty lingerie up. “I wanted to show you, but I couldn’t reach the-” Hux quickly broke him off by shoving him to hold himself up against the wall, and Hux’s fingers dexterously wove the silky ties into a simple bow. “You look absolutely divine in those.” “Yeah?” Kylo asked, eyes glossy and hopeful. He turned slightly to look Hux in the eyes, brushing fallen strands of hair from his face. “Do you really think I look nice?” “I do, and honestly,” He paused thoughtfully, grasping a handful of Kylo’s ass and pushing him closer to the wall. “I could just fuck your brains out right now.” “Do it,” Kylo demanded, pressing his forehead against the wall and sticking his ass up. “I don't have lube.” The moment the words leave his mouth, however, he's reminded of the stop they made early that morning, and the lube he had purchased on a whim. “And you’re not exactly… clean.” “So…” “So, I’ll buy you the underwear, and then I’ll take you home and clean you up.” . . . When Hux brought Kylo home, he realized just how much useless junk they - correction, he - had bought. He gave Kylo his pick of the underwear, and this time a light green pair was picked, and then gave him some of the nicer clothing bought. Then he set about taking care of the unnecessary purchases while Kylo showered. Although, now the lube and the plug didn't seem so unnecessary. While he contemplated all the fun things he could accomplish with the plug, Kylo finished showering and called up to help him finish dressing. “I really don't see the point in getting dressed to take it off again,” Hux said, holding up the thin green panties. “You just don't understand,” Kylo replied. He wrapped an arm around Hux and took him in for a kiss. “Take a picture of me, I'm beautiful.” “You’re vain.” “And you're a sugar daddy - we all have flaws.” He smirked and laid across the bed, left leg popping up and his hand ruffling through his hair. “Now take a picture of me.” “No. I'll take a picture of you after, all fucked out and breathless.” He touched a hand to Kylo’s cheek. “Get on the floor.” After a moment, Kylo fell to the carpet, on his knees. “And hands on your head.” Another pause, and then Kylo places his large hands atop his mop of hair. Hux smirks, and then unzips his pants pulling them down far enough to pull his cock out. He moves his hand once, twice, slowly twisting his wrist as he nears the tip. “Do you want this?” He asks, looking Kylo in the eyes and stepping closer to him. Kylo stumbles forward an inch, mouth ajar. He looks up, eyes big and excited, tentatively licking his lips. “Can - May I?” “You may.” With a pleased grin he eagerly took the appendage into his mouth, tongue swirling around the tip. After a moment he found it hard to stay steady without having his hands gripping Hux’s thighs. Thankfully Hux found a solution to this by wrapping his hand in Kylo’s hair and giving it the occasional tug. “You like that, don’t you?” Hux asked, grinning when Kylo swallowed him almost completely. “Mhmm,” Kylo mumbled, eyes fluttering closed as he let his tongue roll over the sensitive tip. “I love your cock so much, Daddy.” Hux let out a groan, pushing Kylo away. “Get on the bed.” He helped him get down on all fours on the large mattress, opening the side drawer as he did so to grab what he needed. He placed the lubricant bottle, along with the plug he had bought earlier, to the left of Kylo and then joined him, watching the mattress dip with their combined weight. To start, Hux only spread lubricant on his first two fingers. “Ever done this before?” He asked curiously. As he talked he allowed his forefinger to circle the tight ring of muscle. “ A few ti- oh!” Kylo’s shoulders snapped up, surprised by the sudden breach. He took a few deep breaths and then shook his hair. “Another.” “You're not going to act so surprised this time are you?” Hux asked. He poured a bit more lubricant on his fingers, and then slowly eased the next one beside the first. He twisted his hand slightly, bending his knuckle in short, stiff motions and waiting to see Kylo’s reaction. When he had yet to find the prostate, he let his other hand rub circles hard against his perineum. That triggered the response that Hux was looking for, and while Kylo was busy adjusting to the pleasure, he added more lubricant, until it was practically dripping out of him, and slid in another finger. For several minutes he continued to torturously edge Kylo closer and closer to the edge, watching as his erection would flag, and then standing proud. At present Kylo was panting, practically slamming his body back to fuck on Hux’s fingers, his cock leaking a steady stream of precum into a puddle between his legs. “Please, please, fuck me, Daddy, ah!” Kylo let out a high pitched moan, back arching. For a second Hux feared Kylo had come before he had gotten the chance to fuck him, but upon inspecting the puddle Hux found no trace of Kylo’s semen. “Well, I suppose you have been a good boy-” Kylo let out a groan at that. “So I suppose I can fuck you.” He let Kylo situate himself into a more comfortable position, leaning in to give him a languid kiss, before coating his shaft in more lubricant. Kylo made an impatient sound, but tensed when Hux slipped the head of his cock into the slick muscle. “Are you okay?” Hux asked, shifting slightly so he could look at him better. He rubbed Kylo’s back in large circles, waiting for him to relax, and slid in another inch, waiting to see the reaction. Kylo solved the problem himself, wrapping his hand around his own straining erection and letting out a huff of pleasure, rocking back against Hux. His cock leaked precum steadily against his stomach, groaning whenever Hux brushed against his prostate. Not wanting to make Kylo do all the work, Hux dug his nails against his hips and set a pace, which fluctuated between rutting into the tight man, and slow, thoughtful strokes. Kylo’s voice was slowly becomming louder and shriller, his back arching in time as he alternated shouting Hux’s name and “Daddy”. He leaned down again, sloppily kissing the other man, feeling the hard breaths against his lips, and then Kylo shouted and came, thick white cum sticking between their stomachs. Hux let out a breathless moan, gripping onto the man even tighter, and came harder than he ever had. . . . By the next week, almost everything had gone back to normal. Almost . Hux no longer received obnoxious phone calls informing him that Kylo was out of uniform. Instead he was able to enjoy long, stress-free workdays, and take Kylo out on weekends. Yes, Brendol Hux had the perfect life.