She is not alone. However, it isn’t like she imagined it. It is exactly how she imagined it when she was with Finn, Han, and Chewie. If it wasn’t for the urgency of the moment, she would have cried all the tears of her body when they came for her on Starkiller base. And even with Han dead, and with Finn in a coma, there is still Leia, even if Rey just barely knew her. Even today, she still feels that tight, motherly hug she gave her just before she left to find Luke Skywalker. He wasn’t too pleased she had found him, but the initial unease thankfully faded away within the next few days, and her training started. There is still something standing between the two of them. Rey wanted to know why he hid on this faraway planet while Leia was desperately looking for him. She heard again and again about Kylo Ren destroying everything Luke tried to build. Rey believes there is probably more to Luke’s exile. But the last of the Jedi is a man of secrets. --- He feels her frustration. He knows there are so many things she wants to know, about him, about herself. He knows . But he won’t tell. There is that wall of secrets forbidding him from gaining her trust. And, with the knowledge that he is hiding something essential from her, she feels belittled. Luke can’t help but become uneasy with her attitude, carrying a certain shade of darkness with it. For someone who’s supposed to be trained the Jedi way, it is not a good thing. It reminds Luke of his nephew rather painfully. And Luke doesn’t want to repeat the same mistake. Rey bears her name well. Light radiates from her. He felt it the minute he sensed her presence on the island. But there is something nagging at her, growing, then regressing, something not quite bright – but somehow, Luke senses it isn’t coming from her. It surprises him, but it’s a good surprise. Rey has so many traits about her that a Sith, or at least a stand-in for one, could take advantage of: her eagerness for praise, and her immediate drop of mood whenever she didn’t receive it; her small fits of rage, or panic, or both at the same time (though nothing really terrible, compared to… some other person), and that whenever she felt she wasn’t in control, revolting against such a situation like a lost child forced to play grownup… --- There is no passion, there is peace. It is a sentence Rey repeats to herself, again and again. Yet, it doesn’t feel right. A Jedi has no attachments. It’s something Luke seemed to insist more and more on as the days pass. Yet, for Rey, such a concept seems inhumane. After spending so many years alone on Jakku, wishing for someone to come back and take her away from that place, that her new goal is letting go of her attachments to help her friends… Rey chuckles at such an absurdity. It doesn’t make any sense, and yet, what keeps her going is that she is doing all this for the greater good. It is a fair enough reason, she muses, though not as convincingly as she wants to. But there is more. It’d been a week since her arrival on Ahch-To that one night, she woke in a panic, pain piercing through her bones. It was worse than anything she had ever felt – and Rey’s life had never been an easy one. All she could manage to do was to curl in a ball and just wait for it to stop, and all Master Luke could do was to put a soothing hand on her head. It was helpful, in a way, since she knew that there was someone near her--and that she wasn’t drowning--but the torture was still there. When it ended, she sobbed shamelessly, unable to mutter anything. Why? It rang in her head, again and again. I don’t know. It’s… was Luke’s only response. The next day, she felt empty. Not that kind of soothing emptiness after meditation. No. She could have been staring into a void, and just about to plunge without a second thought into it while knowing that doing so was to condemn herself to forever be slave to time, gravity and space. Only her somber thoughts as companions and eventually becoming maddened by them. After staying for a week and a half on top of the mountain where Luke built his home, she decides it is time for her to explore Ahch-To, or least, what is not covered with water. Might as well busy herself, think of something else, anything else than that . There are mostly rocks, towards which she has developed a certain hatred because of those boring, endless exercises where she has to stack them using the Force. There is some green, though not as much as she would have liked. She decides to look for flowers. They always made her happy, and whenever she managed to find or steal some on Jakku, it was like a little miracle reminding her that life was worth living, and that there was still hope. She finally finds some–tiny white things at first, and then, as she goes further, bigger blooms, bigger than anything she has ever seen before. She can’t help but let out a squeal of delight. It’s the first good surprise she has had for a very long time. She plucks one, observing the white petals, and seeing that they have lines on them. She isn’t sure, however, if they were purple or grey. That despair she felt earlier that day fades away, and she lets herself collapse in the middle of the flowers, soaking up as much joy and peace as she can to appease her anguish. It works, and for the first time since she has arrived on Ahch-To, she feels peaceful. Thank you. She jerks up, the moment’s haze broken. It’s hard not to recognize that voice. It could have been a figment of her imagination, but if that’s the case, it is popping up at quite the wrong moment. Why would she think of him now? Kylo Ren remembers her indeed. And he knows more than she does. Of course, he had been punished by the Supreme Leader. Of course, it was his fault if Starkiller Base had fallen. Of course, it was his fault if he had been beaten by a girl who had never fought with a lightsaber before. Punishments become harsher with time. After all these years, he should know better . What Kylo Ren tells himself to endure them is that he deserves them because he wasn’t good enough, and that his grandfather hated failure above everything else… He had to heal on his own, of course. It had always been this way. And the wounds he had before having to confront the Supreme Leader weren’t helping. He knows what he has to do. But like when he had to kill Han Solo, he doesn’t want to do it. If Snoke discovers anything about who she is, if he does obey his order and bring her to him… It makes no sense. He shouldn’t discuss the Supreme Leader’s orders. He knows something isn’t right, and not knowing what it was drove him insane, and in his crippled state, he can’t even vent about it the way he usually does (bashing on everything surrounding him, of course). Meditating wasn’t going to help. He can’t help but snort that he has actually thought of it. To the point where he is, it isn’t even an option. He has tried it so many times when Ben Solo was still alive, only to have those voices in his head distracting him and mentally whipping him whenever he tried resisting. There isn’t anger, nor despair anymore. Just emptiness, engulfing him like a void. He wished he could go mad just to gain some sort of unconsciousness and be free. But today… Today, he sees life instead of cold metal. There is that island again, and with the flowers he sees and feels in his fingers, it could be paradise. He feels her grin, and even her laugh. He can’t help but twitch his lips upwards as well. He has forgotten how to really smile. He tries to acute his senses. He can feel the sunlight on his face. “Thank you,” he says out loud. It is at that moment that he senses that she jerks up, and the moment’s magic is broken. She nags at the connection, trying to understand, and he reaches out as well. Those words he had told her during the interrogation on Starkiller base comes back to them, since the exact same feeling of an energy they recognized in each other is there again. Don’t worry. I feel it too. Rey tells Luke everything that night. This time, since he has a bit more details, he’s able to give a diagnostic. “I… I could be wrong, but I think it might be a Force Bond.” “A what?” “A connection, if you prefer. Jedi masters and their apprentices often had those. It permitted them to communicate thoughts and images.” Luke prefers not mentioning the whole part about one being able to search the other’s memory. This whole Force Bond matter is already enough for Rey to swallow for today. He knows everything a Force Bond could lead to. Everything is seemingly conspiring against him. “But he’s not my master,” Rey snaps. “He asked me to be his apprentice, but I refused.” By slashing his face. “You said you felt something similar to what happened today when he tried reading in your mind to get the map? It was your first exposure to someone who was Force-sensitive. He’s strong with the Force. So are you. Sometimes, it all just… comes and binds itself together just in the blink of an eye. So this… bond is probably accidental.” Rey shrugs. The technicalities now seem very insignificant. “All right. So how do I break that connection?” Luke seems definitely uneasy. “That is… a bit harder. Both parties must agree to break it, but… it isn’t easy. The best way to break it is to have one of the members dying. But even then, the survivor feels emptiness afterwards.” Rey almost wants to add: “Even if we’re talking about a major pain in the arse?” but she is wise enough to shut her mouth. Luke, however, seems to read in her mind. “It is especially dangerous in your case. The stronger you are with the Force, the stronger the Force Bond is.” “So what am I going to do?” Rey’s voice is practically breaking at this point. For once, she’s a child begging for help, and Luke’s distress is only enhanced by the fact that he clearly knows there is nothing much he can do. “Be careful. Control your thoughts and your emotions. That’s all I can say.” For a moment, a pang of revolt invades Rey. It’s always the same stupid tune – control your emotions, control everything. She chases it away. But there’s that little pesky voice that’s whispering to her that she’s right, and that Luke is wrong. For once, she doesn’t suppress it entirely. *** “Did you dream of the girl again?” Leia has never been the motherly one. She sometimes wishes she was more like her mother. She was an Alderaanian through and through, so graceful, and smiling, and calm. Leia as a little girl got into brawl fights a bit too much, and it was especially inappropriate considering she was the royal princess, after all. Breha Organa never scolded her. Her voice was firm, however, and she looked at Leia in the eye while she asked her what had happened. In those moments, she couldn’t help but lower her gaze. She sensed her mother’s disappointment, and making her unhappy was the last thing Leia wanted to do to her. Breha was however rather proud that her daughter’s anger was always just, as she always aimed to protect those smaller than she was (from a certain point of view, of course, since Leia was quite tiny). Bail saw it as well, and he couldn’t help but smile with sadness, telling his wife when Leia wasn’t there to hear them that she had inherited of the best of her true parents. It was something Leia unfortunately never knew. She was a fighter, through and through, and it took a lot to make her falter in any way. With her son, she could be stern, but she was never harsh. And with that pernicious presence around him, she tried recalling what her mother would do when she would come to her crying whenever Ben needed comfort. She knew on the other side he was sometimes not telling her everything. He did whenever she insisted, but it was still worrying her. Perhaps she could stop venting about how incompetent the Senate was and how worse it could be without Mon Mothma’s sheer charisma. Ben was perhaps afraid of frustrating her further by talking to her about his own problems, and she didn’t want that to happen, ever. It didn’t occur to her, however, that perhaps her relationship and some of her interactions with Han could have also taken a bit more tact… “Yes. It’s only been her for weeks.” Leia couldn’t help but sigh in relief. It was better than him dreaming of driving a red lightsaber into the chest of someone faceless, but who he felt he knew very well. The first time Ben had told her that one, she had to hide her tears of worry from him, as she remembered another red lightsaber belonging to someone closer to her than she would have wanted to, and whom she would have rather forgotten about. “And… how about the other one?” “No. Only her. But the more the time goes, the more the vision becomes… clearer.” That was a change. Before that, all he saw was the girl clouded in darkness, yet with light emanating from her, while she called his name and begged him to come back. “How so?” Ben twisted his lips before continuing. “I see her on a desert planet with ship wreckages everywhere. There’s a BB unit with her.” “Anything else?” “Then the same thing as usual starts again. But this time, in the end… she takes my hand and she asks me not to leave her. She’s crying too.” Ben suddenly stops talking. His mouth is half-open, and Leia just knows at that moment that once again, he’s hiding something painful. “What else, Ben?” she insists softly but firmly. The silence is heavy before he finally continues. “I look down… and I know she’s holding my hand, but… my hand is like Uncle Luke’s prosthetic one. Well, my whole arm is.” *** Not so good memories come to Luke’s mind as he sees Rey, her back against a rock, her head buried in her knees, instead of doing her exercise of the day. It is hard to blame her. The bond still troubles her, and he knows she has trouble sleeping at night. She tries to contain her feelings, her thoughts, as she grows increasingly paranoid that he might see something she doesn’t want him to see. Sometimes, she can’t help but chuckle at that precaution, since anyway, he went into her mind once. It had been terrifying. While he was searching for something that was obviously not a map, tugging at some strings of her memory that suddenly seemed extremely blurry, she saw images she didn’t recall at all, but also images she knew didn’t belong to her, but to him . They were invading her, and what she was trying to do was to keep him out of her mind, until she realized she couldn’t do it anymore. It was then she ordered him to get out of her head. She was actually surprised, at that moment, of how authoritative her voice had sounded. She was certain no sound was going to be able to get out. And most especially, he had obeyed. But she had learned. And Rey was a survivor, and had to live according to the good old principle of an eye for an eye. When she entered his mind, she saw weakness she never expected to see, and especially, what would hurt him the most. She had thought at that moment that perhaps he wasn’t bad to the core. There was a sentiment of wandering she couldn’t help but compare to her own. After all, she had felt hers very deeply during the interrogation, just as much as she had felt his. She had genuinely believed that he would reconcile with his father. Her gut instinct told her that it was what he actually wanted. She had been nervous, as she had observed the scene unfurl under her, but her optimism got the better hold of her and she quickly became positive everything would arrange for the better. Han Solo would get his son back, and she would find her parents one day as well. When the lightsaber pierced Han, however, her first reaction was misunderstanding. She had been wrong, and she hated being wrong. In the past, she had never been the kind to hold a grudge against anyone, may it be those fellow scavengers who had left Jakku stealing some ship she had fixed and which she wanted to sell for portions, leaving her hungry self behind without a word of goodbye. There was also Finn who had lied to her about his involvement with the Resistance, but at the time, she was so scared that he would leave her behind she had been unable to get angry at him. She knew she should have been mad. But like every time, she wasn’t able to. With Kylo Ren, however, the betrayal was there, and it bit her deeply. This added to Han Solo’s death, and he was definitely on the list of people she knew she would never forgive. Ever. And he was the only one on that list. Yet, she dreamed of him last night. She saw thoughts that were not her own, as if she was intimately connected to Ben Solo – Kylo Ren, rather. But in that dream, he felt so much like something else entirely than Kylo Ren. She almost enjoyed how Leia had gently touched her son’s cheek, imagining it was her instead of him. But what was the most… intriguing (and it was a very, very mild way to say it) was that he had dreamed of her, years before even truly knowing her existence. The details are even eerie, with Jakku and BB-8. But what troubles her the most is the picture of her holding a metal hand she knows belongs to him, while sobbing and begging him not to leave her. It doesn’t make any sense. She finally breaks from her thoughts, as she notices Luke has sat just beside her. “Tell me,” he says softly, “did… did Han ever tell you Ben had been my student once?” For a moment, Rey is confused. Then she remembers. Ben, of course. It was Kylo Ren’s… other name. She wants to turn away in frustration. She cannot believe people like Han Solo and General Organa can give birth to such a monster. “I think he mentioned something like that,” Rey finally replies. “He said something about an apprentice destroying everything you had tried to build.” Luke smiles sadly. “It is true. It’s a bit more complicated than that, though.” He is glad to see Rey turning towards him, intrigued. He had feared at first she would chuckle and refuse to hear more. Luke can’t help but think that while she has every reason in the galaxy to despise his nephew, such behavior is not at all the Jedi way. He has to try to extinguish such a feeling as quickly as possible. Or else… “Ben was my first apprentice. Others came soon after him, but he was the first to arrive. Leia was planning to leave him under my responsibility for years. He is truly the most promising apprentice I ever had. The Force is strong in my family. But I doubt anyone has been as strong as he is. We have quite a legacy behind us. Our father Anakin Skywalker and Darth Vader were one. The Republic didn’t know about that for years.” “They didn’t?” Rey asks in astonishment. “Certainly not. It would have ruined Leia’s career as Senator, and there was so much to do to build the New Republic. She couldn’t permit that to happen. We simply revealed we were twins, born from Anakin Skywalker and Padmé Amidala. That’s all. People thought my father had died during Order 66 like almost every Jedi and that my mother had died in childbirth. The Emperor was very careful to separate Anakin Skywalker from Darth Vader. It helped. We all agreed not to tell anything to Ben.” “Yet… he knows.” “Yes. We planned to tell him when he would be older and more… receptive. He already had so many expectations on his shoulders. But there was more. When he was still a child, he showed… rather worrying behavior. It didn’t help that he was quite powerful from a young age, and that it often resulted in… accidents. Nothing too serious, but still. Han didn’t know how to handle him right. I don’t blame him. He’s never been at ease with those things. Leia was busy and had a duty towards the Republic. They both loved each other, but their relationship has never been… let’s say, stable. And Ben was a boy who especially needed attention.” “Why is that? I…” Rey is about to mention that she has grown without her parents, but she manages to watch her tongue. Luke, however, guesses the rest. “The First Order is led by Snoke. I… don’t know where he comes from. I have never even met him. I don’t think so, at least. All I know is that he was strong enough to influence Ben ever since he was born, and Leia wasn’t able to do anything to fight him off. She hoped I could do something about it. I encouraged Leia and Han not to contact Ben too much. I don’t know if it was a mistake.” “Why not?” Rey shouts in shock. “Wouldn’t he want to see his parents? That’s…” “I thought it was better this way. You see… I’m not fighting with the Resistance for a reason.” “Why? General Organa needs you. We all need you. That’s one of the reasons why I’ve come.” Luke sighs. “I’ll finish this story first. I was a busy man. I was looking for old Jedi artifacts to rebuild the Jedi Order. I tried my best to help Ben, but I was as unsuccessful as Leia. Whenever he tried to lock Snoke out, he would get mentally tortured. Sometimes, he managed to resist. But the more the time went, the more it became difficult. Thing is, he became better and better at hiding it. And that’s my fault.” “What? What do you mean?” “I probably oversaturated him with serenity and all of that. What I tried to do to bring him peace didn’t work. He managed to escape those speeches by hiding things from me. And I started thinking everything was starting to get better. There was something else that helped for a while. It didn’t last long.” For a moment, she sees Luke glancing at her. She frowns, not understanding the meaning of it. He quickly turns away. “We didn’t… really have an Academy in the proper sense of the word. I was travelling with Ben and a few others all over the galaxy to gather Jedi artifacts. We were helped, sometimes. Then… one day, I left with a friend of mine to get some holocron that particularly difficult to acquire. I left Ben and the other padawans behind for them to watch over what we had already gathered. When I came back… the temple where we kept everything was burned to the ground, and the padawans were all dead. Ben’s body was never found, though. All the artifacts were gone with him.” “So… how did you know he was still alive?” “I knew he wasn’t. I would have felt it. Leia also knew he wasn’t dead, but we were both worried sick. It was at the worst moment imaginable. The galaxy had discovered our father was Darth Vader. I wasn’t trusted by anyone, anymore. Some even said I was actually secretly training the Padawans in the Dark Side. I didn’t see Ben until a year later… and he had become Kylo Ren.” Luke wiped his forehead before continuing. “I don’t know what happened during all that time. I’m not sure I even want to know. Sometimes, you have to turn someone to the Dark Side through pain. And… imagining what he must have endured is already enough. You know… he wasn’t a bad boy. He had moments where I felt he wasn’t quite… stable. But he was never a bad seed. He was a lot like Han, actually.” He chuckled gently, but sadly as he say Rey’s disbelieving glance. “And you? What did you do during that time?” she finally asks, her tony accusatory. “I looked for him. We finally fell across each other. I’m not sure if I was looking for him or if he was looking for me. When we met again, he made his intentions clear: he wants to finish what Darth Vader has started.” “And what’s that? Rebuilding the Empire?” “No. Turning me.” “You?” “Yes. I am strong with the Force. My father saw it, and attempted to turn me to the Dark side. And I know I’m not immune to it.” “You’re not? But… it can’t be…” “When I confronted Darth Vader for the last time, he threatened to turn Leia instead if I didn’t comply. I got angry, and I gave in to the Dark Side and lashed at him.” For a second, Rey wants to tell that he is right, and that he has every reason to react in such a way. All she can do at that moment is to imagine herself at Luke’s place and imagining Finn threatened in the way Leia has been. But she controls herself, realizing with horror that just there, she has proven to herself how weak she is. “I escaped him, and I came and found a refuge here. No one will find me, and the galaxy is safe. If I joined my nephew, I don’t know what would happen.” Rey closes her eyes during Luke’s last sentences. It was a lot – no, too much information to swallow all at once. She has received the answer to many of her questions, but somehow, it has left her even more confused than before. About Ben, Kylo, whatever his name was. She doesn’t even know, now. Both of them seem like two entirely different people. “I may be the last of the Jedi, but I didn’t even get the training one would usually get. Mine lasted barely a few months. I proved myself to be a terrible teacher. Now, I help the best I can. By staying away, and finding an answer for Ben.” “How?” Rey hears herself ask. “I found out the first Jedi temple was located here, on Ahch-To. I came here for answers. Answers for Ben.” Luke gets up. “That’s enough for today. But ponder on what I’ve said, Rey. The old Jedi forbid strong attachments for a reason I’ve learned the hard way. And don’t keep any hate or resentment in your heart. It can only lead to no good.” *** Rey dreams again that night. He awakes, that night, and he feels overjoyed. He feels her presence. She’s there, and she’s alive, somewhere in the galaxy. Perhaps she was born today. Ben can’t help but scrunch his nose. The girl he saw in his dreams was much older than him. He’s ten years old, and that probably means he’ll wait for a long time before meeting her. He’s young, and a week already seems like forever for him. He tries reaching to her, have her acknowledge his presence in some way or another, see her in some way, but he cannot. He groans in frustration… until he finally hears a heartbeat he knows is not his own. It comes from her, and not from her heart, but from the sheer amount of Force power emanating from her. Even if he can’t see her face, he can see her Force signature: it’s light, and beautiful, and lively, and it’s from there that the Force signature comes from. He wants to reach out to it, and he hears, along with the heartbeat, some sort of purring sound he knows comes from him. He’s almost there, and… He is back, and he is not pleased. Ben cowers in fear, as pain overwhelms him. Chapter 2 : Chapter 2 Notes: Yes, never trust me when I say I'll publish chapter 2 tomorrow. But this time, I SWEAR 3 IS COMING UP NEXT WEEK MAXIMUM. I SWEAR. Also, special thanks to reylotrashcompactor and personalphilosophie for beta-ing this mess. And we see Finn and Poe in this chapter! Don't worry, we'll catch up with our scavenger queen and our favorite trash baby in the next chapter. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) When Finn wakes up, the first thing that comes to his mind is Rey . He expects to feel biting cold all around him, but he rather feels warm and cozy. His eyes shot open, and he realizes he isn’t on the Starkiller base planet anymore. His mind is still blurry, as he tries to make sense of what just happened – Kylo Ren beating him up while Rey was lying unconscious not too far away, and that he has now no idea of where he is isn’t helping him to stay calm. Rey could be anywhere, perhaps even with Ren, and… The fight flashes back into his mind. Rey and him escaping into the forest, with him only having a very blurry idea of where the Falcon was, pretty much counting on Chewie to come and meet them. Them suddenly coming across a seemingly unhinged (well, more unhinged than usual) Kylo Ren. Him smacking Rey against a tree. Finn not caring for the enemy just beside him as he runs towards Rey, checking for her pulse, her breathing, anything that can prove to him that she’s still alive. Ren screaming: “ TRAITOR! ” His memories block on that single moment. It stings more than it should, and… “You’re awake,” a soothing voice says just beside him. He turns around, and sees the Resistance’s medic Doctor Kalonia. “Stay on your bed, though. Getting up too quickly will make you dizzy and –” To hell with all this. “Where’s Rey?” he asks, interrupting Doctor Kalonia abruptly. Thankfully, she doesn’t mind his terseness and smiles gently. “Your friend is safe, don’t worry. She isn’t here on base, though. We found all of the map to Luke Skywalker and she’s gone to meet him. She contacts us from time to time. She’s doing fine.” Finn nods rather absentmindedly. He feels a pang of frustration at the thought that Rey isn’t even there when he wakes up, but he quickly shoves it away. He’s being stupid, and he should simply be thankful Rey is alive and safe. “General Organa told me she’s been always asking about you, though,” Doctor Kalonia continues. “She’s not the only one. A certain pilot’s been worrying about you a lot, too.” Finn can’t help but smile. By a happy coincidence, Poe Dameron walks in just as he is mentioned. His face immediately lights up when he sees Finn. “Hey! Look who survived!” he shouts. He immediately goes towards Finn and pats him on his unwounded shoulder, though delicately. “General Organa’s sure gonna be happy to know you’re finally out of your coma.” “Wait a bit before telling her, though,” Doctor Kalonia scolds him. He still needs plenty of rest. You know how the general can be when she’s stressed…” “She takes care of her men,” Poe replies. “She doesn’t treat them like she treats herself.” “I sure wished she did, from time to time,” Kalonia sighs. “Anyway, I’ll let you too catch up.” Without further ado, she makes her way out of the medical quarters, leaving Finn and Poe on their own. “So,” Poe starts, taking a seat near Finn’s bed and making himself comfortable. “While you were sleeping, the general’s been planning stuff. You might become a big deal.” Finn feels his ears heating. He remembers how he had made Rey and Han Solo believe he was a “big deal” with the Resistance. He had lied to them… it was wrong, yet, it had come to him so naturally. It was of course initially to protect himself… but now, he realizes he had taken a bit too much pleasure into building up his lie. Now that he looks at it in retrospective, he definitely isn’t proud of himself, to say the least… “The general has plans for the Stormtrooper troops. We’re considering making prisoners in the future. I think you mentioned once they were conditioned, right?” Finn nods. “We don’t know how you got out of it, but once the drugs’ effect fade away, they could be potential fighters for us.” Finn smiles, but he can’t help but feel uncomfortable at Poe’s plan, despite the latter’s enthusiasm, as communicative as always. He has stepped into the Resistance quite easily, everyone seemingly accepting him. They look like they want him to stay, and he has to admit he was ready to accept. But the others… would they accept to simply step from one fight into another? It doesn’t look like they have much of a choice. They never had a choice. Just like him, they were taken away from their parents as infants, raised on a base he still didn’t know where, eating the same dull food every day and getting trained to use weapons and kill for almost as long as he could remember. And those nights where he remembered going to sleep while feeling that horrible, nagging emptiness… Finn suddenly wonders why he cares so much about all this. Fighting for the Resistance is infinitely better than fighting for the First Order anyway. “You’ll be helpful in that process,” Poe continues. “You’ll be an example for them. They’ll follow you.” This doesn’t help clear up Finn’s initial unease at all. Poe is clever enough to notice it, and he pats his hand. “Hey, it won’t be right away,” he adds, attempting to make Finn comfortable once again. “The general has another assignment for us just before. With the Hosnian system destroyed, she heard the remaining Senators are going to reassemble on Onderon. There’s going to be a funeral ceremony of sorts, and they’ll be discussing the Republic’s future. She wants me to go there along with a Resistance member who knows a thing or two about politics and all that. She needs to know what’s next in the game. And she wants you to come with us, too.” Political business. Seems easy and relaxing enough for a first mission. Finn feels immediately reassured. “Ever been to Onderon before? Yeah, me neither,” Poe continues at Finn’s head shaking. “Pretty nice place, apparently. That’s where high-ranked people go these days to have fun. Some guy called King Prana is in charge of the place. Some people in the Republic apparently didn’t like him very much. The general doesn’t either. Thing is, there was never any proof he’s engaged in anything illegal, so they leave him alone.” “So… he’s the king of that planet?” “Nah. He’s royalty, apparently, or something like that, and I don’t know from where, but that’s how everyone calls him. The dude’s an eccentric with a private zoo, and he owns all the big cantinas in Onderon. The Hutts hate him. But since the Hutts don’t own the entertainment places there, that’s why the high class goes there.” King Prana. The name sounds so familiar to Finn, yet… Of course. The Rathtars. Han Solo was supposed to bring them to King Prana. It was a delivery that was unfortunately never completed, because he, and Rey, and the Millennium Falcon had stumbled in his path, eventually driving him to Kylo Ren and his doom… Finn blinks, trying to shove away his somber thoughts, and Ren’s glare filled with a mix of madness and joy as he shoved a hilt of his lightsaber through his shoulder… Poe sees him anxious once again. Finn needs to get out and get some fresh air, and fast, Doctor Kalonia’s recommendations be damned. “Come on,” he says. “You need to get off-planet. We’re going to see General Organa and tell her we’re ready to leave. Well, not right away,” he laughs. “Like maybe in two days or so.” They sneak out of the medical quarters, and as they come across some Resistance members walking around the base, Poe always makes himself a point of greeting everyone he meets with a smile and, when he’s especially chummy with the person encountered, a wink. However, Finn notices some people smile briefly at Poe but turn away quickly, and some even ignore him. He sees Poe’s smile even fading and him slightly clenching his jaw. Finn can’t help but be worried. That is certainly quite unusual with Poe. One in particular seems even more irritating to Poe: she’s a tall blonde woman, looking in her late forties or so, impeccably turned out, to whom Poe does a very polite head bow, but with such subtle distaste it almost feels insolent. The woman ignores him, and prefers stopping, eyeing Finn up and down. “FN-2187,” she simply says. “That was your number, wasn’t it?” “The name’s Finn, now,” he hears himself reply. He doesn’t know how he managed to get that audacity. The woman is actually truly chilling him. Thankfully, at his retort, she merely fidgets, but remains silent, before finally walking away. It takes a few seconds for Finn to come back of his amazement. “Who was that?” Poe shrugs. He looks almost furious. “Don’t mind her,” he answers rather abruptly. “Just hope you’ll never have anything to do with her.” Finn has never seen Poe that way. Well, he doesn’t know him for a very long time, but it still seems so contradictory with everything he knows of him… “Anything wrong?” he dares to ask. Poe’s smile quickly comes back, and wants itself to be reassuring. “Nah,” he replied. “Don’t mind me.” Still, Finn isn’t satisfied. For the rest of their walk to General Organa’s quarters, they both remain silent. And it slowly dawns to Finn that perhaps people are suddenly acting distant towards Poe because of him . He is a deserting Stormtrooper, after all. All that unease fades away as they enter General Organa’s quarters, and they immediately see her smiling as she sees them arrive. “I’m glad to see you’re up and well,” she tells Finn. “I suppose Dameron told you all about what’s up for the next few weeks.” “Yes ma’am,” Finn immediately answers, straightening up. Poe and Leia can’t help but exchange a glance while smiling. “I got more details I haven’t shared with anyone yet,” continues Leia. “Looks like the great majority of senators who survived are Centrists. What a happy coincidence,” she chuckles, her trademark sarcasm never failing her. “I’m ready to bet they’re the same who already expressed some sympathy towards the First Order. This could be ultimate proof that part of the Senate is linked to the First Order… From there, that’s how we’ll know how to take action.” “I beg your pardon, general,” asks Poe, “but if the worst happens to be true and that most surviving Senators are accomplices to the First Order…” Leia sighs deeply before answering. “I do with things had turned out differently, but… in that case, war is inevitable.” She waits a few seconds to permit the news to be swallowed down to continue. “We’ll need all the help we can get. Hence the Stormtrooper program.” Snap. Finn had been hoping for the soon-to-be ex-Stormtroopers to be given a choice. But with the current situation, it starts to look rather unlikely. He swallows. He mustn’t let anything show, especially with that nasty impression some people in the Resistance would be very happy to learn he’s been a traitor all along and – Except that he is, from a certain point of view. He hears Kylo Ren, once again, screaming “Traitor!” in the snowstorm. It was visceral, and Finn still couldn’t explain all the emotions that had stroke him all at once – fear, anger, bitterness, regret… all that leading him to picking up that lightsaber, with only Rey’s safety in mind. He didn’t expect to beat Ren. It would have been foolish of him to think he could, but if it at least gave Rey the chance to wake up in the meantime and run away to safety. She probably wouldn’t have left without him, but still. “Anyway, you two won’t be on your own. I doubt you know anything about politics, and you’ll have trouble going around and truly get some information. I assigned Ananda Pakal to come with you. She knows a thing or two about some of the Senate’s mechanisms. Poe smiles, as he immediately know of whom Leia is speaking. Finn, of course, has never heard of her. “Perhaps you’ll want to be acquainted with her,” Leia smiles to Finn. “I’ll call for her.” It takes a few minutes before Ananda Pakal arrives. When she does, Poe has to give an inhumane effort not to laugh at Finn’s extremely unsubtle reaction. The poor guy really needs to see more girls after all those Stormtroopers looking alike. Finn can’t help it. Really, he can’t. She’s cute. She’s tiny. Well, she’s about just as tall as General Organa, so… he probably shouldn’t say she’s tiny. But still. She is. She’s rather chubby, with a small smile and sparkling eyes, but there’s a definitive overall feeling of shyness about her. Her hands are neatly joined together and her steps are small and dainty, which makes her look somewhat so prim and proper, and when Poe says a little “Hey!” at her intention, she blushes a little bit and smiles, but it feels very genuine, and Force , she’s cute . Leia has seen everything as well. She struggles to keep a straight face in front of Finn’s. “Well, you know Poe, obviously,” she finally manages to say. “But certainly, you’ve heard of Finn?” Ananda turns towards Finn, but immediately, her smile fades away. A certain reserve appears, and it can be interpreted as fairly neutral, but Finn is no fool. “Oh,” she replies softly. “He’s the… Stormtrooper, right?” She frowns, bites her lip, and swallows. It’s obvious she’s trying to stay curt and diplomatic, especially in front of General Organa. Finn’s helpless expression is definitely not helping the matters, and Poe almost wants to hug him. Snap, thinks Poe. This is going to be a long trip. Notes: Just in case you're wondering, the Resistance officer Finn and Poe meet before seeing Leia is Laura Dern's character, and Ananda is Kelly Marie Tran's. ;) Chapter 3 Notes: Okay, so this chapter is extremely weird. I'm honestly pretty hesitant to post it, but oh well. Anyway, we can all agree Force trials are sorta acid trips in space, right? Also, I'm not begging for anything (except that I totally am, lol), but I haven't received much comments on this fic. I think I did a big mistake by re-writing/re-posting, since I have a lot less traffic going on compared to when I initially posted it. I'd love to hear from someone? I probably shouldn't be complaining, since I do get hits and kudos and I should be happy for that, but hey. I just need to know if this fic is really worth continuing or if I should just focus on other plot bunnies I have. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) “I think it might be time for you to go into the cave for your Trial.” Rey raises a quizzical brow. Luke has spoken of the Trial before – but he had assured her it would only be at an advanced part of her training. She has only been on Ahch-To for a few weeks, and she is aware she is far from knowing everything a Jedi needs to know. It might be her master’s increasing… paranoia (yes, paranoia is the word, even if Rey tells herself it might not be exactly respectful to say that about her master) that is having him accelerate the process. And she has to hold herself from sighing in exasperation. There are some times where she knows she deserves Luke’s reprimands. Her behavior, according to Jedi standards, isn’t always exemplary. She starts even wondering if she’ll ever be able to reach the level of serenity Luke wants her to reach, after all those years on Jakku where she was forced to constantly stay nervous and aware of her surroundings to sense the faintest clue of danger. Luke assures her that serenity will help her connect with the Force and sense every living thing around her, but in order to do so, she has to meditate, and forget about her surroundings – and it makes so little sense it’s actually the most irritating thing ever. Well, there is also no logic in him putting that hood on most of the time, and whenever he tells her something about Jedi history or something of the like, he takes it off probably just for some dramatic effect, and Force , it’s so useless. Rey has to admit Luke has a bit of a wrapped definition of serenity. Anyway, it doesn’t limit itself to all that nonsense. Rey sometimes wonder if Luke is afraid of her. That thought makes her laugh out loud – well, in her mind, at least. He is a legend, and he’s afraid of her, a mere scavenger who just happened , for reasons she absolutely cannot tell herself, to have incredible Force sensitivity? She then recalls what he has told him about his nephew, and the dreams she had of him, coming without her having any control whatsoever on them, and she starts wondering if all her very small let-downs (small from her point of view at least) are causing his worries. Again, she has to shrug it off. It would simply be crazy to think that just with those little details, she’d end up like Kylo Ren… Yet, she has almost given into that voice who has told her to kill him, back on Starkiller Base. She remembers Luke telling her how easy it is to Fall. Perhaps it is really just that easy. Still… She also has to admit the Jedi Master isn’t quite like she has imagined him. He is somehow too close to Rey, in a way. He clearly has insecurities of his own, and there are quite a lot of things he reproaches to himself… Rey often thinks he should keep his sullenness to himself more often, since it distracts her, no, plagues her. It makes her wonder if she shouldn’t simply go back to the Resistance. The worst about all this is that Luke would probably just let her go. What holds her back is her friends, whom she’s supposed to detach from – they need her help. And she will help them, with Luke training her, whether he’ll like it or not. She’ll do that Trial, even though it’s a much unexpected change of plans. As Luke watches her prepare and grab his lightsaber (he has one of his own, since he had lost the blue one a long time ago, and Rey still doesn’t know the whole story), he suddenly sighs, making Rey stop in her preparations. “What’s the matter?” she asks. “You won’t need any weapons,” he replies. Rey looks at him a bit quizzically for a while. She then thinks that probably that Trial won’t require any fighting – which would make sense, since there’s only them two on the island. But again, who knows which beats could be hiding? She may not need any weapons, but Rey knows it’s always best to be prepared. Regardless of Luke’s warning, she buckles her belt with the lightsaber hanging on it, deciding for once to ignore Luke’s disappointed eye roll instead of being ashamed as she usually was. Without glancing once behind, she enters the cave. *** It becomes completely dark very quickly, and Rey is thankful she has the lightsaber to light her way around. She enters a cavity that seems quite large, compared to the corridor she has been through for what seemed like hours, by judging the echo she now hears from her ignited lightsaber and her footsteps. Suddenly, a thousand glows surround her, shining so brightly she lit out her lightsaber, looking around her in amazement. She comes closer to one, realizing they’re all actually crystals. Perhaps they’re even the kind of crystals you use to build a lightsaber… which wouldn’t be surprising, since Master Luke had hinted that there used to be a Jedi temple on this island. She is particularly attracted to one who reminds her of the night sky – the most part is black or perhaps even a very dark shade of blue, and a thousand minuscule white dots are shining even more brightly than stars. She sighs in amazement, as she imagines how a lightsaber with a crystal like that would look like… She’s shaken out of her reverie as she realizes she isn’t alone in the cave, and that other presence is certainly not Master Luke. Actually, that Force signature is quite recognizable, since it was with her in the last few weeks, albeit not as strongly as now. The purr resonates in her ears, and she’s in denial, because it’s impossible he might be here… She concentrates, perplexed to realize his essence seems to be at two places at the same time – Ahch-To, and another planet she cannot identify just yet. But she does see and feels things – bones and artifacts impregnated by the Dark Side even after thousands of years. A name finally comes to her mind. Moraband . But it slowly fades, as another whisper becomes more and more imperious, making the name Moraband fade away and twisting it into Korriban . She remembers Master Luke’s lessons. Moraband, which was called Korriban earlier in the times of the Old Republic, had been an important Sith world with many tombs of ancient Dark Lords. She ignites her lightsaber once again, brandishing it in front of her as she steps forward. She feels clothing sweeping her legs, and as she looks down in surprise, since she had pants, she realizes she is now wearing a dress. Part of her is grumbling, wondering how on Earth she is to defend herself with that presence lurking while wearing something so unpractical, but the other part isn’t totally insensitive to the beauty of her clothing. She dares touching the white silky fabric, holding back a smile, and can’t help but enjoy how it slightly shimmers in the crystals’ soft light. Her hair is also down, and she doesn’t know how to feel about it, after keeping it tied for so long to make sure her family – Kylo Ren suddenly appears in front of her, and, despite having sensed his presence for a while, she can’t help but gasp in surprise. He looks exactly the same as the first time she has met him – the long black robes, the hood, the mask, and even the red, unstable-looking lightsaber. She brandishes her weapon in a defensive stance, refusing to let herself be intimated. But there’s still something that bothers her… Well, obviously, she isn’t happy to see him there, but with this being a trial, it starts occurring her that he might be nothing than an illusion to test her. The mask, already, makes things look strange, as she doesn’t understand why he’s wearing it in front of her. She’s not certain why she feels that way about it. Perhaps it was because he had taken it off so easily for her, before, while her instinct told her that it was something he definitely didn’t do for anyone else. But for some reason she still couldn’t explain, and infuriatingly so, she was special . “Take the mask off,” she hears herself say impulsively. Her voice somehow manages to sound quite imperious, and she is more than surprised of herself. She stands straight, her chin up, not certain for a moment if she truly has control on her gestures. But for some reason, she knows an unmasking would be an indication if he was real or just an illusion. As a reply, Kylo Ren plants his lightsaber in the ground, leaving it standing straight, while he kneels down in front of her while still holding the weapon’s tilt. It is only after all this that he finally took off his hood, and Rey hears the hissing sound always happening whenever the mask came off. It was then that she sees the scar which is now crossing his face in a curvy shape. Well, the scar she has given to him. Besides that, he still looks pretty much the same. And once again, Rey finds herself staring at him. She slaps herself mentally. She can’t believe he still has that effect on her after everything that has happened. The scar still doesn’t make any difference… on the contrary. She swallows back her frustration, lights off her saber, and kneels down, trying to make eye-contact with him, trying to see something faulty that could convince her once and for all it is all just a dream of some sort. When she meets his gaze, he lights off his lightsaber as well, and they both find themselves staring at each other for longer than they would have liked to. “What kind of trick is this?” he finally says. “You’re always there, no matter where I go.” It is not a reproach, and he doesn’t even sound angry about it. He should be, and Rey is more than annoyed he isn’t. “So you’re one of my ultimate trials, then? I wish I could be surprised about it.” Rey frowns, perplexed. It’s true she looks like something out of a dream, with her dress, and the soft light she sees emanating from herself. But she knows pertinently well she’s real… but for Kylo Ren to be there, in front of her, and so present, even though she feels he comes from somewhere else entirely at the same time… it doesn’t make any sense. Before she has time to react, he lays a gloved finger on her cheek, and the faint black smoke surrounding his body strangely blinds her for a while, and tickles her face. She feels her lips twitch upwards… Her first reaction is of course to slap him in the face. Her hand stings afterwards, and it’s finally the confirmation that he is no vision. But she refuses to let herself intimidate by it. “Don’t touch me,” she seethes, and all that smug bastard can do is smirk while stroking his smacked cheek. “Well, that proves to us both we’re quite real, doesn’t it?” he mutters. “But how… how can you be at two places at the same time? I feel you’re here, with me, but I can also feel Moraband’s essence…” “We are neither on Moraband, neither on… well, wherever you are,” he replies, and at his last words, Rey swears she has seen him wink. She has to do her best to stay calm. “I suppose Skywalker sent you on a Trial right away because you’ve been a bad student?” “Stop it,” snaps Rey. “Mmm, I thought so,” says Ren, and Rey wonders for how much longer she will be able to stay calm. “Well,” she sighs. “While we’re here, I could ask you to stop always nagging at me because of the bond.” “ Our bond, you mean?” He replies, trying not to laugh at the business-like tone Rey has just used. In the meantime, she can’t help but wince at the “our”. “I’m afraid I can’t do that. You’ve been quite nagging yourself.” “I did not!” “Yes, you have,” he replies, ever so infuriatingly patiently. “You just don’t realize it, and me neither for you. So you can at least stop blaming me for that.” Rey turns away. She bites her lips, as she tries convincing herself talking about the bond and any way to end it is probably going to be pointless anyway. “So… why are you here?” she finally asks. “Been a bad student too?” A flash of anger comes across his eyes, and his fist clenches. Rey is about to take a few steps back before he calms down once again. She can see that has taken quite an effort from him. “I am to see my biggest weakness here,” he replies. “And I came across you.” Rey frowns, even more perplexed than ever. She is apparently his biggest weakness? He’s of the Dark Side. The Dark Side is twisted and corrupted. It is not true, he… He never tried to kill her, even when he had the chance. Yet, this is also her Trial, and she knows she is to face her biggest enemy, and that happens to be Kylo Ren. And she is bound to him by a bond no one, not even themselves, can destroy. She sees Kylo Ren close his eyes as he concentrates, and she finally feels him tugging at their bond. It is tentative, and for a moment, she wants to push him away. But there is nothing threatening about his gesture… on the contrary, it feels like he’s using the fact she is here to try to understand the whole thing better. She gets up, not wanting any of this nonsense, and goes on the other side of the cave. But she can’t help but look bad, and she sees Kylo Ren stand up, looking at her. He’s still tugging at their bond, despite her setting a physical distance between the two of them. He’s right. There is no escape for either of them. If it can help them both, and perhaps free them, maybe her doing the same as him and trying to reach him would be not such a bad idea after all. She sees a sort of chair formed by a huge bolder in the cave just beside her. It looks like a throne, actually. Without further ado, she sits down, and instinctively, she becomes a little straighter. She sees Kylo Ren slowly coming in her direction. But there is something about him that puzzles her even more – his head is lowered, and he looks almost… reverent. It only gets even more enigmatic when he kneels in front of her. She frowns. What is thy bidding? She is more than certain it is his voice she heard in her mind. It makes absolutely no sense, and it gives her once again the disagreeable impression he knows more about her than she does, but yet, it feels somehow so right… “Come closer,” she hears herself respond, and her voice echoes through the cave, loud and clear, and it feels right, despite herself. Once he comes near her, he sits down, and rests his head on her knees. She doesn’t squirm away, for some reason – he tugs once again at their bond, and it feels like an invitation. She finds herself putting her right hand on his hair. Somehow, getting to understand this whole bond thing is made easier by all this nonsense. She closes her eyes and concentrates as well. It doesn’t take long before they reach the other, and they both dive into the source of each other’s power. Rey finally sees it, and she can’t help but be reminded of the crystal she has seen earlier. Dark, but with thousands of tiny spots of light still managing to pierce through. And Force, it’s beautiful. She suddenly sees clouds of darkness trying to surround the spots of light, but her immediate reaction is to blow softly on the clouds, making them fade away into his Force source. She holds her breath in worry, but quickly realizes the spots of light are only shining brighter, while she hears a purr only becoming louder and louder. In the meantime, she sees her own Force source, but through Kylo Ren’s eyes. It is the first time she does, and she can’t help but be fascinated by it as well. Her source is light, but there is a boldness to it that isn’t quite light. It shines bright, but there is darkness surrounding it… she can’t help but be worried, since with everything she has learned and everything she believes in, it shouldn’t be there, and… She then senses Kylo Ren pulling her towards the darker parts of her Force source, and she instinctively gathers all the Light within her… when the Light reaches her darkness, she feels complete. Her attention goes back to Kylo Ren’s Force source despite herself, and she feels a desperate urge to reach for it, as their Force bond starts humming as she gets closer. Ren’s presence also gets closer to her source, and she lets him, because in the end, she can’t help but feel a thrill because of it, and she loves it . They touch each other’s Force source simultaneously, and they hear each other sigh in pleasure, as they feel more whole than they ever did in their entire life. They don’t even realize that in the meantime, in the outside, she isn’t sitting on her throne, but she’s rather on the floor, in front of him, and their foreheads have touched. In a single breath, they hear each other whisper “ Mine… ” They don’t even react to it as they should, because the presence surrounding them is telling them it’s meant to be. They are in the heart of the purest place in the galaxy, for there is no Dark, and no Light, but only the Force. He hears the heartbeat and she hears the purr, and it’s soon the only thing they’re aware of. Rey can’t help but frown, as it is not enough, and she reaches it for more, not realizing their noses are also touching, and she suddenly feels something tickling her lips… It is at that moment she snaps out, realizing she’s way to close to Kylo Ren than she should. She draws back, breathing heavily, looking away in embarrassment – no, shame. She doesn’t understand what has just happened, and as she mechanically licks her lips, it finally occurs to her… And she despises herself. Rey is still innocent, in a way, but after living the hard life on Jakku, she is of course aware of certain things. She quickly gets up on her feet, while Ren is still on the ground, his head lowered. She almost wants for a split second to extend her hand in order to get him up on his feet, but once again, she scolds herself for thinking so. How could she… She should want him far away from her. Yet, she didn’t want to, just a few seconds earlier, and even… She hates him even more than before, and the worst is that now, it’s all her fault. His head finally shots up, and he gets up, impassible. It frightens her. She can usually read his feelings like in an open book… Except that time when he killed his father, and now, anger and fear overwhelm her once again, and she isn’t sure if she’ll be able to fight it off. She almost wants to extend her hand in a squeezing motion, hoping to somehow make him vanish that way, as darkness suddenly overwhelms her and tells her to do it … “So we were both sent on a Trial and both failed,” he simply says, as he starts turning around to leave. “I think I might know now what I must do.” “Wait!” Rey suddenly doesn’t want him to leave, not so abruptly. It is strange, since she certainly wouldn’t say no to him finally being systems and systems away from her, but still… Ugh. He looks at her one last time, and for a moment, Rey is certain she sees his lower lip tremble slightly. He leaves without another word, and the light provided by the crystals extinguishes itself at the same time, forcing Rey to ignite her saber in order to see again. She realizes she’s inexplicably in her old clothes again, and she swallows back unwanted tears (because of what? Because she failed?), she makes her way back to Master Luke. As she comes out of the cave, she sees him waiting for her. But for once, he doesn’t look disappointed of her, even though she knows she has truly failed, this time. She finally breaks into tears as she hugs him tightly. Notes: I know, I know, this is weird. But it does set some things for future chapters. ;) Comments? *puppy eyes* Chapter 4 Notes: Just a big shout out thanks to everyone who's been leaving kudos/bookmarking/commenting! It's very much appreciated! :) (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) The silence is tense aboard the ship. Poe, for once, has nothing pleasant to say and seems very much concentrated on the control panel, while Ananda is sitting on her bench, paying particular attention to her nails, her small mouth scrunched in a pensive pout. Even BB-8 isn’t chirping. And Finn feels caught right in the middle. He knows she doesn’t trust him, and he wants to make up for it, but he doesn’t know how. After all, he never felt that way for any girl, not even Rey: when he spoke to her, it all came so naturally… When Ananda mutters a few words that have to do with the supplies or something, making her way out for at the very least a few minutes, BB-8 in toll, Finn sighs in relief, more loudly than he should. Poe chuckles, but it sounds definitely a bit too mirthless, especially for him. “Hard time, heh?” he asks. It takes a while for Finn to be able to respond. “Yeah. I guess.” “Well, first of all, buddy, don’t ask me how to woo a girl. That’s not my thing. If you need help for a man, though…” he winks. Finn blushes to a point he can feel his ears burning. “I don’t want to woo her… I mean…” “Woah, not so loud. You don’t want her to hear, right? Well… for a start… you could go and see her and try to make things even, right? Otherwise, it’s going to be a long trip. And once we arrive on Onderon, we’ll have to stick together. Understood?" “Yes, sir,” says Finn impulsively, before slapping his hand on his mouth. Poe, thankfully, smiles indulgently. “You’ll get the hang of it all soon. Now go.” Without further ado, Finn heads out, to find Ananda concentrated on her holopad. BB-8 rolls around her, and gives her a few quick nudges to try and get her attention in a way rather remindful of a kitten. When she finally does, she smiles and giggles a bit as the droid beeps in satisfaction. Finn can see dimples on her cheeks. Kriff, why is she so cute? Her eyes lift up, and it is then that she finally notices Finn. She lowers her gaze and clutches her holopad, uneasy. For a moment, Finn hopes BB-8 might prove itself to be a bit helpful… but the droid simply rolls out for seriously no reason at all. Traitor. “Um… hi,” starts Finn, while he just wants to smack a hand on his mouth for being so clumsy. He tries smiling, but he ends up with such a huge grin stamped on his face it makes him feel like an even bigger idiot, and she’s probably getting scared, and… Her face stays impassible. Finn has no idea what to do of it. “So… you were with Han Solo to disable the shields on Starkiller Base, right?” she asks carefully. “Well… yeah. Yeah, I was.” Finn tries not to wince at that memory. It was his first mission with the Resistance, and it was probably hands down the worst day of his life, and yet he’s still here… “You said you knew how to disable the shields, right?” Well, he didn’t. All he had in mind was to save Rey… he succeeded, but things went downhill from then and – “You must have been a high-graded Stormtrooper, then,” she remarks. Finn swallows. He sees it coming. She doesn’t trust him, because she thinks he must be some captain gone undercover for the First Order. Easy to arrange that confusion. “Woah, I was basically the equivalent of a janitor in the Resistance.” He chuckles at his own joke, but Ananda remains straight-faced. Not good. “Well, if you were at the bottom of the ladder among the Stormtroopers,” she continues, “I don’t understand how you could have access to the shields protecting Starkiller Base.” She has hit a cord here. She’s not only cute, she’s also sharp, and Finn honestly doesn’t know how to feel about it. For a moment, he wants to make up a story, like he did before with Rey and Han, but that ultimately didn’t work… and he feels he just can’t make something up, not with her. She sees his hesitation, and it only makes her frown even more. There’s no escape for him. “I… had no idea how to disable the shields,” he finally admits, and he just wants to hide six feet underground. “So why did you lead Han Solo there?” she asks, her tone rising up and becoming accusatory. “Did you want to have him captured by the First Order? You thought they could manipulate the General using her own husband? But that backfired, didn’t it? And now you’re here?” This time, it’s just too much. “Hey, I had a friend who got captured by the First Order,” he retorts angrily. “If I didn’t do something, nobody would. She’s been lonely her entire life. You know what happened to her? Her parents left her on Jakku. Basically a junkyard, right? She thought they would come back for her, but you know what? They didn’t, and they probably never would have. If I didn’t go for her, she probably wouldn’t have made out of Starkiller Base before the Resistance would have destroyed it.” He has a nagging feeling Rey would have still managed to find a way out. She always did. And anyway, when they had fallen across her, she had already managed to escape. And she was the one who defeated Kylo Ren, not him… And now, she was gone to Ahch-To, leaving him behind. Still, he didn’t regret coming back for Rey. Well, it was from the moment they had found Rey that things had started to go downhill… He puts his hands in his pockets and turns away, taking a few deep breaths to calm down. “Anyway, we fell across my old captain and forced her to disable the shields. No big deal. We did what we had to do. Then… Han Solo fell across Lord Ren and he got killed.” He doesn’t want to tell Ananda what he has heard on the bridge. He still doesn’t believe that people like Han Solo and Leia Organa could have given birth to someone like Kylo Ren. He has only seen him around for a few days, when he was still a Stormtrooper, but it was more than enough to understand where his reputation came from… “Then why did you leave?” she asks. Finn swallows, as he remembers once again things he would have rather forgotten about. “Well, my first mission was to go on Jakku to capture Poe before he got back to the Resistance with the last bit of the map to Skywalker. Remember that? Before… like, I had training, but it was all kind of… abstract. I never came face to face with… people.” Real people. People with fear in their eyes, and sometimes, not even fear, but despair, because they know exactly what’s going to happen to them. “But why abstract?” asks Ananda. “You enrolled to become a Stormtrooper. You knew what was going to be your job… didn’t you?” Finn chuckles mirthlessly. “Enrolled? Nah. I’ve been with the First Order for as long as I can remember.” “What? You mean…” “Yeah. Since I’m a baby.” For once, Finn can see on Ananda’s face what looks like some sort of sympathy, even though she does her best to bury it. “But… don’t you know who your parents are? Did they…” She interrupts herself just in time, but Finn can just hear the word “abandon” coming from her lips, even if she doesn’t mutter it. “My parents? I have no idea. I think I prefer believing they had no choice.” She bites her lips. “So… why did you leave them? The First Order, I mean.” “It… just felt so real when I arrived on Jakku, and at the same time, it was like a nightmare.” Finn swallows, as memories of that night come back to him in a way so acute he’s almost frightened. He wants to take a step back, but he feels like telling everything to Ananda is the right thing to do. There is a definite easiness to do it, and he feels he can trust her with it. It is not something he’s ever felt before. It is brand new, and he has to admit he rather likes that feeling. “I just looked at those people in the village, and… they were scared. They didn’t look like enemies at all. I even came across a girl who was trying to escape, and she cried when I cornered her, and… you know, she kind of looked like me, and I said to myself, hey, maybe she’s my sister and I don’t even know. I let her go. I just hope she really did escape.” He remembers the girl’s eyes all too well, while she clutches a bundle of something against her – belongings, perhaps a baby she’d managed to calm down to permit her to escape. He doesn’t want to know. He let her go, and it’s all that matters. “When Lord Ren ordered us to kill the remaining villagers… I just couldn’t do it. There were… women and children too.” Finn sees Ananda slightly twist, but he just can’t stop. Not now. “So I pretended I had a problem with my blaster. Not that it saved anyone.” He chuckles bitterly, as he wonders what had been truly the use of not killing anyone. The only purpose it had had, in the end, was to give him a clear conscience. No one had survived, and now, the rough sands of Jakku were their sole grave. “But…” Ananda dared to ask, “Didn’t anyone notice you were acting strange?” “Yeah. My captain. She wanted to send me to reconditioning.” “And… what’s that?” Finn swallows. “I don’t know. I’ve never been reconditioned. All I know is that… when my mates went to reconditioning, it was always for nonsense. You know, small mishaps, but… when they came out, they looked… dazed. No, not dazed, half-dead…” It all occurs to him, now, and he has to hold back the bile coming up in his throat. They were all tortured, to ensure they were always perfect puppets for the First Order. “I didn’t want that to happen to me, and I didn’t want to stay in the First Order for the rest of my life,” Finn concludes crudely. “So I blew it all up by saving Poe and escaping with him, and here I am now. Happy now?” Once again, he wants to smack his hand on his mouth. He’s an idiot, and she probably hates him even more, now, and… But no. He sees her lower lip tremble slightly as she looks at him intently, and her hand is even outstretching, before she quickly folds it back. “I’m sorry,” she finally mutters, her voice soft like a bird. She does look like a little bird, tiny, and round, with her sweetness, and the way she tilts her head… “It’s okay,” he replies, his smile a bit crooked. “I mean, hey, I’m here now, and…” He feels his ears heating, but heck, he’s going to say it. “I’m not working for the First Order. And if anyone tries to hurt you, I’ll kick their butts. And, um, Poe too. I mean, if someone attacks him, like, not, me kicking him or something…” Force, this is awkward. All he tried to do was to not look too interested, and now, it just… But she smiles, and even laughs. “Thank you,” she says, and Finn is sure he has seen her blush. “You’re sweet.” I’m sweet. I mean, she thinks I’m sweet. She actually thinks I’m sweet. Force. He clears his throat, trying not to look like an absolute idiot once again. “So… where do you come from? I mean, what planet, and… everything?” She laughs. “I come from Arkanis. I joined the Resistance about two years ago.” “Arkanis? Isn’t that a First Order planet?” She lowers her eyes, and she almost looks nervous. “Oh, well, it’s not because you come from a First Order planet that you agree with its politics,” she chuckles. “Of course,” Finn replies, feeling once again like an idiot (can’t that stupid feeling go away, already?). “And… any family?” She twists her hands together, obviously uncomfortable. “I… I don’t really have any family left,” she replies, and Finn knows he shouldn’t insist on the subject. He has a feeling something terrible happened, and that Ananda isn’t quite ready to talk about it. He smiles sympathetically, but it only seems to make matters worse as she lowers her eyes and looks away. “I’m sorry,” he mutters. “It’s fine, really,” she replies with a small smile. “It’s all behind me. I’m part of the Resistance, now, and that’s what matters.” She pauses for a bit. “Have you ever been on Onderon?” she asks, obviously trying to change the conversation’s subject. “No, never,” answers Finn. “I’ve never even been to a big city.” Her eyes widen in surprise. “Oh! Then I’ll have to show you around! We’re going to one of the most beautiful places in the galaxy. I mean, there are so many attractions, and boutiques, and… no, boutiques will bore you,” she laughs. “But there are so many things to see there, and all the lights! It’s not as crowded as Coruscant, but there are just as many things to see, and I’ll have to show you around!” Her enthusiasm is truly communicative, especially for someone who seems as shy and calm as she is. Finn can’t help but laugh a bit. He’s certain she’s never been as adorable, before. “Well, of course, we’ll have to do the assignment the general gave us, but if we still have time…” She claps her hands together and gets on her feet, before blushing and giggling, as she realizes just now how eager she must look. “Well, if you want to, of course.” Finn’s smile only becomes wider. “I don’t mind at all… as long as it’s with you, of course.” For once, he actually sounded like he was at ease. And it worked. Ananda glances at him for a while, as something in her eyes changes, and she looks at him differently. She walks back towards the cockpit, her eyes not leaving Finn’s. He notices a slight sway in her walk, and he knows he’s meant to remark it. He follows her back, and first thing Poe does when they come back in is to glance quickly at them both, and wink at Finn. Well, kriff, no use of hiding anything to him, right? Notes: And the mystery intensifies... *cackles* For those of you who think Ananda is trusting Finn a bit too quickly... there's a reason to this. *cackles even louder* Notes: Come and bug me on my Tumblr! cosette-giry.tumblr.com