Captain Phasma was just stretching in her personal quarters after a long day of hard training before Kylo Ren interrupted her. He took off his mask. She stood up and gave him a questioning eyebrow. "Well? What's so important that you had to burst through my door without my permission?" "Phasma, i have to go back to my quarters before Hux is back from his shift, but i need your help." "Keeping it from Hux, eh? What could you possibly need my help for?" "Well, you see, tomorrow its..." Kylo Ren whispered something in her ear. "Really?" "Yes, really." "Oh, awesome! You two are sooo cute!" "Cute?!? Why did you say we were cute?! We're not 'cute'!" Kylo's cheeks turned a soft shade of pink. Phasma rolled her eyes. "It was supposed to be a compliment. Anywho, what do you want me to do, loverboy?" "I have a few plans..." "Go on." "After i tell you we'll have to convince Lieutenant Mitaka to stall Hux." "I can arrange that." Phasma rubbed her hands together and awaited Ren to tell his little plan. This was gonna be great. ----------- That very same night, Phasma knocked on the lieutenant's door. Mitaka was startled. Who could be at his door in such a late hour? He jumped off the bed while wearing his regulation night suit. He pressed the button on the door. It slid open. He was surprised to see Captain Phasma. Especially since she didn't have her helmet or armor on at the moment. She couldn't possibly be on night guard duty. "Oh, hello Capt-" "'Taka! Thank the Force you're awake! Also just Phasma is fine." Phasma smiled. "I apologize. Oh, and, actually, i was slee-" "Anyways, we need your help." she put on a very serious face. "Excuse me if im being rude, but what do you mean by 'we'?" "Oh, of course, sorry. Me and Kylo Ren." the captain said as she walked into the lieutenant's quarters. Mitaka stepped aside and let her in. "K-kylo Ren?" Mitaka stuttered. The guy was definitely quite intimidating, but Mitaka was willing to help anyways. "What for?" "Well, tomorrow its..." Phasma whispered in his ear. "Oh, that's good." "I know!" Phasma slumped into the nearest seat. "But... We need you to stall Hux for us while we get a few things and prepare some stuff at their quarters..." "May i ask what things ex-" "Stall him until 1800 hours." Phasma interrupted. "We will be done by then. Dont let him reach his rooms. Oh, and almost forgot." she took a silver device from her pants' pocket. "Wear this earpiece, just in case." she dropped it in his hands. "Alright." 'Taka knew better than to question the captain. "Do you require me to do anything else?" "Nope." She got up and walked towards the door. "Just make sure you do your work correctly. You can't let Hux know even the slightest bit of information. This is top secret. Got it?" "Yes, Phas-" "Okay, bye!" And then the door was swiftly shut in his face, brushing against his nose. ------------ It was, at last, the next day. The day where Mitaka would stall Hux. He'd do just about anything if it meant not getting choked by Lord Ren. According to the Captain, it all had to go perfect. He proceded to his morning routine, and put on the earpiece that Phasma had gave him, then walked out the door to the bridge for his first shift, where he would meet with the General. It gave the ever so timid lieutenant a kind of nerve-wracking feeling. ------------ A few minutes before, Kylo and Hux were in bed. Ren was death hugging Hux while Hux had his face stuffed in a pillow. Then the alarm sounded. Hux sleepily stretched out his hand and turned it off. He tried to get out of the knight's grip. "Stay." Kylo mumbled groggily. "Kylo, darling, as much as i'd love to, i have lots of work to do, so i would appreciate it if you'd let me get up and go to the 'fresher to get ready." "No." he smiled and hugged tighter. "Kylo, i'm warning you. I do not want to be late to my shift and i dont need any distractions." 'Distractions'. Ren grumbled and remembered his plan. "Fine," he said. Then he let go of Hux's tiny waist. After Hux was ready and dressed up, he said goodbye to Ren and left for the day. There was only one thing in Kylo's mind. He called to Phasma's comlink. "Time to execute my brilliant plan." ------------ (Phasma's Quarters) "So what exactly are you planning on getting him?" Phasma asked. "I... Actually have no idea" Kylo replied. "Dont you have A PLAN?!?" "I could get him something he likes!" "Okay, what DOES he like?" "I'm not sure." "YOU'RE MARRIED FOR FORCE'S SAKE! ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!" Phasma threw her hands in the air. "YOU LITERALLY SLEEP WITH HIM EVERY NIGHT AND YOU'RE TELLING ME YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT HE LIKES?!" "Okay, okay! Calm down! I know a few things he likes!" "Do you know what exactly he likes to drink the most?" "I'm pretty sure he loves those ridiculously expensive red wines." "Oh. Those wines that cost around 200 credits. I've seen him drink them." "Yes, those. What else should i get him?" "Whats his favorite food?" "I don't know." "Then find out." "How?" Phasma sighed deeply. This was going to be a long day. ------------- (The Bridge) So far everything was going well for Mitaka. The General hadn't wanted to go to his quarters. Yet. At least there was no need to distract him. "Lieutenant Mitaka." Hux spoke. "How long until my scheduled lunch break?" "Ten minutes, sir." "How much lunch time do i have for today?" "An hour, sir. I tried to make as much time as possible for lunch but also leave time for resting purposes." "Thank you, again, lieutenant, for creating my schedule for the following weeks. Lord Ren says i need more time to do things at my pace and you helping with the creation of my monthly schedule saves me at least an hour from work. That, is very much appreciated. Speaking about Lord Ren, i should take lunch with him at our quarters." "Yes, General, that sounds- wait, DONT! You can't!" "Why should i not have lunch with my husband? It's a right i own!" Hux replied with a raised tone. Mitaka froze. "I... Uhmm...Er... My... Co-Workers..." Mitaka decided, "...have been... wondering if... you could... have lunch with them today, sir!" It wasn't entirely a lie, they would be honored to have lunch with their General one day. "I would dislike seeing them dissapointed. Besides, you could have lunch with Lord Ren any other day! What if my partners died at a mission? That wouldn't happen with Ren. Of course, your attendance is up to you. I'm not one to boss a high ranking officer around." Hux thought about it. "Alright then, lieutenant. They will not be left dissapointed." Hux didn't know why he actually cared but he did. It was the least he could do after Mitaka himself had volunteered to help with a few things that were very time consuming. Besides, he was being polite and submissive about it. Hux returned his gaze to the control panels in front of him. "Notify them that they will have lunch with me today." "Yes, sir. Thank you, sir." Mitaka sighed. That. Was. Close. ------------- (Phasma's quarters) "Ookaay..." Phasma eyed the short list she and Kylo had made that day. "Do you think we'll need anything else?" Kylo asked. Phasma squinted. "I think its fine..." she removed her gaze from the paper. "I didn't know Hux liked such things. And we're best allies." "You'll be surprised how different he is when he's not at work." "You mean how different he is for, like, 2 to 6 hours at night? No thank you. I DON'T want to know." There was a short period of silence while Kylo judgingly glared at Phasma. "What?" she innocently asked. Ren rolled his eyes, took the list from Phasma, and read it. He sighed. "I'll get the wine, you get the... Ice cream..." "Hey! That's the hardest one here! Don't be lazy! Its YOUR anniversary, not mine!" "I'm not being lazy!" Kylo got up from the grey sofa, put on his mask and walked to the door. "Make sure it's strawberry bubblegum flavored, okay? Its Hux's favorite." he closed the door before Phasma could answer. "They're such weirdos." She smiled. ------------- "...Its Hux's favorite." Kylo closed the door behind him. No stormtroopers around. He sighed. Now to find out what brand of wine Hux preffered. How could he do that? He tried to get it out of a memory from his mind, a day where he and Hux were drinking some of it... He knew what it was but he forgot. He cursed himself for it. Maybe going to him and Hux's quarters would help, he decided. And that's what he did. ------------- A few minutes later, Kylo found himself at his (AND HUX'S, okay?) quarters. He pulsed the code and the door opened. He walked inside and went towards their bedroom, which was right down the hall. He walked past Hux's ginger cat, Millicent, who was just as salty as Hux himself. It was a little known secret, but Hux liked to collect the bottles of every alchoholic drink he ever bought. He had a whole collection right in their bedroom, all encased in a glass closet so his cat wouldn't tip them over. Not one bottle was repeated and they were all organized alphabetically. The wines were all sorted in a different group. 'This should be easy to find' Kylo thought as he opened the door to the bedroom. He scanned the bottles, not following the alphabetical order, trying to remember which was Hux's favorite. "Raddar's, D'Qar's 12, Mustalla, Blue Star..." Ren squinted. "...Hothken, Spaceleys, Corustcna, Kyberstone V9... AHA! It's Kyberstone!" he exclaimed. "That ridiculously expensive red wine from Corustcant! Now i just have to find out how and where to get some..." ------------- After a while of thinking Phasma realized they didn't have pink strawberry bubblegum ice cream anywhere on the base (if that was even a flavor). She picked up her datapad from the coffee table in front of her and looked up for recipes on the Holonet. If there wasn't any ice cream, why not make some? ------------- (Later at 1255) General Hux and Lieutenant Mitaka arrived at the officer's mess hall. They walked over to the table where the lieutenant's co-workers sat at, which was in the far left corner. "Hello everybody." Mitaka cleared his throat and politely saluted. A few officers were slightly startled. "General Hux has arranged to have lunch with us today." Of course, everyone already knew that but it was just a formality. "I take it i do not have to go over the rules of dining with a superior officer, as i trust you are all capable enough to know what is proper and what is not. But just in case, please remember that the General will not be answering any personal questions or questions regarding future projects. Thank you for your understanding." Mitaka sat. Hux stood proudly and nodded. He then sat down in one of the soft, grey metal chairs. "General." Officer Thanisson said as he stood up with a tray in his hands. "Would you like me to bring you lunch to the table?" "Yes. Thank you, Thanisson. Any type of food is fine. I'll have a water to drink." Thanisson came back with a tray full of a very, VERY fancy kind of pasta for Hux, with a few neatly placed vegetables on the side. He also brought a fancy cup full of weird exotic water imported from Naboo. Because, of course, they all thought Hux preffered that stuff. They thought Hux had an exotic palate. Oh how very wrong they were. At moments like these, the General wished it would be Kylo serving the food. Food that he'd actually make himself with love and dedication. Food that would ACTUALLY TASTE, for Force's sake. 'Who would want to eat tasteless food?' Hux thought as he bit into his pasta. They desperately needed a menu change at the First Order. ------------- Over at Phasma's small kitchen, Phasma dipped a finger in the ice cream she had just finished making and licked it. "Oh, wow... This tastes delicious. Very good for my first time making ice cream, i must admit. That or Hux just has a great taste in sweets. Which i doubt." She had ended up asking a few curious stormtroopers for an ice cream making machine (how they got it, no one knew) after reading many recipes, because the higest rated ones used such gadgets. The captain walked to her small coffee table, where she had a few objects that were apparently nesessary for creating the perfect ice cream cone, waiting. There was, obviously, wafer cones, sprinkles, chocolate syrup and whipped cream. She took a dark grey cone and with her ice cream scooping spoon, she placed three scoops on the cone then added whipped cream, chocolate syrup, and sprinkles on top. It looked pretty. And delicious. Now she just had to make another one. And keep them in the freezer for Force knows how long. ------------- (Later at 1745, Hux's quarters) "Phasma do you think everything looks alright?" Kylo asked for the gazillionth time. He was sitting at the edge of the couch in his small living room. "YES, KYLO!" She gestured at the whole room. "EVERYTHING IS COMPLETELY FINE! Would you calm down?!" "Okay! I'm sorry! I'm just nervous... I guess... I cant believe there's only fifteen minutes left- oh Force im so nervous!" "Well don't be." "Easy for you to say. Nothing's at stake for you." Phasma put a hand on Ren's shoulder and sat down next to him. "Hey, don't be stupid." she said in a soft tone. "Nothing's at stake for you, Kylo. Stop being overly paranoic, Hux will love everything you did for him." Kylo put his head in his hands and his elbows in his knees. "But... What if he... doesn't?" "You know Hux better than anyone. Well, i kind of doubted that when you said you didn't know what his favorite food wa- Anyways. I know Hux and he will appreciate this." Phasma got up from the couch and walked towards the door. "Wait." Ren stopped Phasma. "Thank you." She smiled. "You're welcome. Good luck." and with that, she was gone. ------------ (13 minutes later) The door opened. This was it. There was no going back now. Kylo and Hux now stood face to face. "Oh, hello, Ren." "Hi, Hux." There was awkward silence. Ren stood out of the doorway. Hux walked in. Ren gulped. The general gasped. "Kylo... What?" "You don't like it? I knew it was too much... Its for our anniversary. Its today..." Ren dissapointedly looked down. Right there, on their coffee table, was pink balloons tied to one of the table's legs, two cones of Strawberry Bubblegum ice cream, a box of chocolates with caramel filling, a bottle of Kyberstone wine, and sushi. "You... did all of this... For me?" "Yes, Hux. For you." "You DID all of this for ME. " Hux repeated. "And i didnt even get you anything... Thank you, Kylo." He smiled warmly. "Wait. You actually like it." Ren said as if he was surprised. "Of course, Kylo. Don't be stupid." "You actually like it!" he repeated excitedly, with a big smile on his face. Hux rolled his eyes and kissed him. The kiss was sweet and slow. After some time, Hux broke away the kiss to catch his breath. Their noses kept touching. "Shall we eat?" Kylo laughed. Oh how Hux loved the sound of it. "We shall." ------------ After eating their delicious sushi at their (also small) dinner table Hux got up and picked up the ice cream cones (which they put in the fridge since they wanted to melt). He took one himself and gave the other to Kylo. Hux gave the ice cream a lick, getting some at the tip of his nose. Kylo thought it was cute and he decided to lick it off. The gesture made Hux smile. "This is my favorite flavour! You know me so well. Oh, and..." He gave it another lick. "How did you get all this stuff?" He opened the chocolate package and put one on top of the ice cream. "Ehh... Phasma's help for the ice cream and balloons... I payed for someone to do a super fast delivery of the chocolates and wine... And i actually cooked the sushi. He said the last part proudly. "Wait." Hux said with a mouthful of ice cream. He gulped it down. "You actually made that?" "As i told you, yes, Hux." "Im impressed." he said sarcastically even though he actually meant it. Kylo laughed and kissed Hux's lips which tasted of strawberry and chocolate with a hint of whipped cream. "I hate you sometimes but somehow i still love you." He whispered. "I know." Hux smiled and whispered back. Notes: Hope you liked it, and if you did please give kudos and/or comment! Those are always apreciated very much! Check out my Tumblr, im Kylux-Fangirl.