Why Are You Laughing? Why Are You Crying? As it turned out there was someone else on the planet aside from herself, Chewbacca, R2D2, and Luke Skywalker; the scarred old man in the boat looked from Rey to Luke to Chewie and then narrowed his gaze on Luke again with a frown. Luke gazed serenely back, but unexpectedly the corner of his mouth quirked up. The man in the boat raised a scar-broken eyebrow and faintly shook his head. Luke simply tilted his. Bound bundles of some sort of kelp were chucked on the dock, very carefully missing the group standing there, and Luke with a gesture floated them into a stack. Containers of fish followed, but those were tossed more gently than the kelp. Rey couldn't help but notice, feel, a tiny bit smugness radiating from Luke; not much, just a hint. Then a very small fish smacked into Luke's head. A globe of water rose up behind the man on the boat and then lost cohesion over his head. The man in the boat huffed a growl, but finally smiled. "If I'm feeding another Jedi and a Wookie, Skywalker," he swung himself onto the small dock, shaking himself dry and doing his level best to get everyone else wet, "You're coming out with me sometimes. You can just use the Force to deal with your seasickness." "I'm not a Jedi," Rey blurted out the same time as Luke said, "She's not my student." "Jedi," the man simply shook his head in fond amusement, and then looked at Chewbacca, "what are you looking at?" Chewbacca whuffed a sharp question at Luke. "No, you can't," Luke said with a quiet laugh, "I've been sleeping with him for two and a half years now and the bed would be cold without Bo in it." Chewbacca threw back his head a howled. "Now, you've gone and done it, Skywalker," Boba Fett chuckled, "you've broken the mighty Chewbacca." Rey had been watching the whole display while gnawing on her knuckles. She decided the only who would give her a straight answer was R2D2. "Artoo, who is that?" Rey asked. R2D2 tootled and tweeted. "You're sure?" she looked from the astromech to the scarred man; he didn't quite seem old enough, "You're Boba Fett?" "Possibly." "Rey, yes, this is Boba Fett," Luke finally made a proper introduction, with an exasperated look at the other man, "Boba, this is Rey; Leia asked her to find me." "Of course she did." The little house had been well camouflaged - from the outside it looked like a formation of rocks and moss with the odd plant growing here and there. Rey was certain she could have found the entrance if given enough time, but conceded she probably would have fallen prey to the number of security measures before that. The steps leading down the interior were well-lit and clean of any debris that might have blown in from the outside. Artoo had whined about being left behind, but Chewie had told the little droid to return to the Falcon . Once inside the sunken interior was surprisingly light and airy, the stone walls coated with a faintly blue-tinted white, insulating plasti-seal, except for one gap that was a massive fire-place. And other than what looked like enclosed cubical in one corner, it was one open space. Along one wall was a food preparation and storage area that looked like it would comfortable in any modern apartment on any of the Republic's worlds. There was a table and two chairs nearby that. Three bluish-gray large shapeless bag like things were randomly scattered about the space. There were waist-high storage cabinets against the walls. And farthest from the door was a large stone and wood bed. The rest of the decor could be described as eclectic at best. It really wasn't a large enough space for the four of them to be truly comfortable in, but two people could live there, if they were familiar enough with one another. After setting his share of the fish and kelp burden in the food storage unit, Chewbacca huffed a sigh and seat down on one of the chairs. He lowed out a few mournful inquiries. "I was here first," Boba answered crossly, "I woke up one morning and found him," he jerked his thumb towards Luke, "Hanging in one my traps, meditating." Rey settled herself in one of shapeless bags and let out a soft noise. It was almost sinfully comfortable. "He cut me down, told me to stay away, and then retreated like a wild gundark was after him," Luke smiled, taking Boba's hand and guiding them to the bed to sit upon its edge, "after a few days, Bo came and found me in one of the temple caves. 'I don't need a sad-eyed ghost in a bathrobe wandering around.' We went from there." "And I ended up with a Jedi in my bed," mock-groused Boba pulling away from Luke, but leaning back in momentarily to kiss his forehead, "I am wet, and I am tired, and I'm going to take a shower. I'll make supper after." Luke looked at Rey and Chewbacca and paled. "How about I make supper?" Boba looked over his shoulder as he headed for the cubical that hid refresher. "One time, Skywalker, it happened one time when I had a cold and couldn't taste anything." "Bo, the first time I ate with you, I couldn't taste anything for a month," Luke chuckled, "and Chewbacca's sense of taste is far more sensitive than mine." "Fine, fine, suit yourself," and he disappeared into the 'fresher. "I've eaten mandalorian cooking before," Rey volunteered, recalling one of her few fond memories of Jakku, "it's spicy, but not that spicy usually, Master Skywalker." "It's Luke, please." he responded getting up and going to the kitchen area, pausing to pat Chewie's shoulder, "and there mandalorian cooking and there's mandalorian cooking by way of Concord Dawn learned from a Father who consistently mixed up milligrams and centigrams when it came to cooking. I've never asked, but I suspect the Sarlacc spat him back out as too spicy." Later, after Rey and Chewbacca returned to the Millennium Falcon, Luke dimmed the lights with a wave of his hand, earning his nightly: "Show off." It had surprised the both of them at first but it was Boba who latched on and curled up close to his bedmate, unconsciously, leading to some awkward mornings, and then, after saying the frak with it, snuggling up immediately when they went to bed. "Well, this is going to get interesting," Luke said, moving one arm so it wasn't pinned under where Boba had melded himself to Luke's side. He gently stroked Boba's back, as he continued, "even if we don't leave with them now, Rey will stay and we both know Chewbacca will bring Leia back to try and talk some sense into me about my choice of spouse." That got him an annoyed huff of warm breath against his neck. "I could say something about her choice of spouse, but out of respect for the dead, won't. But if I ever see our nephew, I'm shooting him," Boba muttered, "Killing a perfectly good Father like that." That was one subject Luke wasn't touching with a ten meter pole. "I built this bed, Skywalker, I intended to die in this bed," Boba rambled on, "then you turned up. Had no clue how to make a shelter here. Didn't even know how to fish. Just some insane idea to follow the Force on your quest to find the first Jedi Temple and it would provide for you." "And it clearly did," Luke demurred, "you were here." Boba snorted, but let Luke draw him even closer. "I was not put here by the Force." "Keep telling yourself that, Bo," Luke chuckled. Silence reigned. Breathing evened out, but neither man was asleep. "We could stay here, Bo" Luke said quietly. "No, not now," Boba sighed, "I'd better go retrieve up my armor. I can't let you run off on some damn fool idealistic crusade without someone to watch your back." Luke flipped them so he was covering Boba, startling him; Luke knew Boba hated being pinned down with a passion. Luke's face was buried in Boba's shoulder and neck. Luke was shaking, so Boba re-wrapped his arms around the Jedi Master and held tight. "Why are you laughing, Skywalker?" Then a moment later. "Why are you crying, Love?" Chapter 2 : When In Doubt Head For Hondo Notes: Not certain where this scene came from, or where it would ever go. It seems to work on its own. Established relationship; set well after ROTJ. Ben's behavior is being heavily influenced by Snoke. Takodana Luke found Boba sitting on one of the walls of Maz Kanata's fortress watching their six year old son Owen playing space battle with ancient Weequay Hondo Ohnaka; the old 'I'm only taking a rest, I'm not retired!' pirate being the closest any of the Skywalker-Fett or Solo-Organa children had to a grandparent. He sat down beside Boba on the stone, waiting in silence. Boba had taken their youngest child and left suddenly during a particularly tense senate session/negotiation with several Outer Rims Worlds still wary of joining the New Republic. Jaster and Shmi had interrupted an important meeting when they burst in panicking after they had returned home from lessons and found no one there and no information as to why no one was there. And Boba was always there when they came home, or at least left a message on where he was and when he would be back. Unfortunately that had thrown everything into chaos. Leia, and the many diplomats involved, had been understandably furious, but Luke knew that if he didn't go and find Boba now, it would only steadily get worse. The only people in the Galaxy who would want the Head of the new Jedi Order and the current Mand'alor, his husband, to be on anything less than speaking terms was the worryingly growing First Order, and possibly the Duke of Mandalore. But Duke Koracan was mostly relieved that Boba had no interest in the planet Mandalore. "Owen thinks you're ashamed of him," Boba finally said flatly, not even looking at Luke. "What?" Luke's yelp would have been comical coming from the respect Jedi Master if it didn't indicate just how blindsided the statement had taken him. "Because he's not Force sensitive like Jaster and Shmi," Boba turned a smile at Luke that had no smile in it at all, "because, let me get this correct as I can, he was crying when he repeated it to me, big cousin Ben told him he was 'worthless, frizzy-haired mandope,'" Boba's own hand unconsciously went to up to touch his own curly hair; all three children had Boba's dark tan skin and dark eyes, but Jaster and Shmi has somehow ended up with hair much like Luke's albeit a slightly darker blonde, "and to be honest, Skywalker, you haven't been paying as much attention to him as you do to his brother and sister," the quiet anger bled out of his voice into bleakness. He turned back to watching Owen and Hondo. Hondo, evidently tired out, now regaling the boy with adventurous tales of when he had been in his prime and even Jedi Masters and Sith Lords trembled before him! Owen was enjoying hearing how his Honk-Honk had once capture his grandfather Anakin and was giggling like mad. It hit Luke that this was first time in a long time he had heard his youngest laugh. He tentatively reached out a hand to touch Boba's. Boba shifted his hand to hook his pinkie finger around Luke's Chapter 3 : Drabble Organa “Senator Organa is her father’s daughter,” Boba said as he laid his head in Luke’s lap. Luke opened one of his eyes slightly; he was not use to having someone just there, not even someone he was considering asking to be there permanently. “I don’t think you want to tell Leia that,” Luke replied with a sad sigh. “Why not?” Boba snorted, “Viceroy Organa was fierfeking terrifying when he was angry.” “Is there anyone you didn’t encounter or anger?” Luke laughed. Boba considered it for a moment. He actually made counting motions with his fingers. “No.” Chapter 4 : Father's Day Notes: Decidedly not Luke Skywalker/Boba Fett. Not counting the location, it's a drabble and a half. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Temporary Building, Takodana After the Jedi and the former Stormtrooper left Maz worked her way back to dark corner where the regular they had come to see sat staring into his empty glass. “Why did you lie to him?” she asked gently, setting a new drink down in front of the tired old man. “Didn’t lie to him; just gave him a different truth,” he mumbled reaching for the drink, “better for him. Better for all of them.” “Are you sure about that?” “Finn can be proud of himself. Rex gets a hero kid; kid gets a hero dad, ‘nstead of a broken down failure of a bounty hunter,” Boba Fett looked wearily at Maz, “and Rex’s not ‘live to contradict me.” “And his mother can’t either, thanks to the First Order,” Maz sighed sadly. She patted his arm, “perhaps it is for the best.” “It is,” Fett confirmed bleakly. Notes: Of the various theories I have of Finn's origin, one is that he's the son of Sana Starros and Boba Fett. Chapter 5 : Stars Against Humanity Notes: Double Drabble; I'm hoping I will finally have these out of my system and can work on Conversations this weekend. 8 years after ROTJ No one was entirely certain how it started, but it lead to them all, Luke, Boba, Leia, and Han lying on the floor, staring at the stars through the transpara-steel ceiling, drunker than, well, no one’s ever out drunk a Hutt, yet, trying to come up with the worst historical “facts” in galactic history, any galactic history. So far respected Jedi master, sweet kind Jedi master, Jedi master who nary had an evil thought enter his precious head, Luke Skywalker was in the lead. “Master Yoda,” Luke stated with absolute certainly, “Master Yoda wasn’t a Jedi at all. He was the pet of a long dead Jedi. Like one of those Correllian bird things that mimic what people say and live a long, a long time. After the Jedi dies his fellow Jedi took care of it, and then they died, and it just keeps happening until no Jedi remembers that ‘Master’ Yoda is really a, let’s say, a Dagoban Wriggle-Ear,” Leia started giggling again at this point, “that’s just mimicking everything its ever heard,” Luke finished with a serene smile. “Bloody hell,” Boba slurred and handed Luke the bottle, “that explains a lot.” Chapter 6 : Philosophical Discussions - Breaking Furniture Notes: It occurred to me that since Kamino is nearly in another Galaxy, and it doesn't appear they were members of the Republic until after they created the GAR, a small realization and change could have made all the difference. Boba watched his father after the Jedi and Taun We left. Jango was deep in thought, but if he had noticed Boba’s attention he would have approved. Practice reading people was always a good exercise. From his initial expressions it was little hard to tell what he was thinking of. Jango’s face was still and his eyes distant. Then he looked at Boba, staring as if he was making sure Boba was still there, still real. Boba was use to that stare. Then Jango looked away again, this time his face morphed into a pensive frown. “What is it, Dad?” Boba asked. “Pa...” Jango stopped as if something had just occurred to him. The corners of his mouth quirked up in a barely there smile, and then transformed into a devious grin. He ruffled Boba’s hair, “Set a third place for supper tonight, Boba. We’ll be having company.” “Okay, Dad,” Boba would just have to wait to see whatever his father was up to. ~*~ The Jedi came back and started blustering about how Jango had to come with him and how it would be easier on him and Boba if he came without a fight. Boba really wanted to throw something at the pompous jerk, but Jango seemed content to let the Jedi flail about, so Boba followed his father’s example. After a few minutes the Jedi stopped and looked at Jango, who had just calmly removed the main dish from the oven in the apartment’s little kitchen. “Are you done?” Jango politely inquired, “We are about to have supper. It’s broiled rollerfish,” there was a flash of a proud smile, “Boba caught it this morning. You’re welcome to join us.” This wasn’t quite going to the script the Jedi must have had in his head. Jango was supposed to protest, possibly fight, not invite him to dinner. However reason seemed to be ruling the day. “Thank you, I believe I will,” Obi-Wan let himself be seated at the table. Boba ate with his best manners, but couldn’t help but giggle a little when the Jedi startled when the jaw of the rollerfish started moving when Jango started slicing. “Never quite got use that myself,” Jango confided amiably, and Boba couldn’t decide if his Dad was being nice or if he really meant it. That unsettled the Jedi further, however he did seem to like the rollerfish. Finally the Jedi did start again, but this time with less pompous bluster. “I do have orders from the Jedi Counsel to bring you in,” he said with some contrition. Jango nodded. “And it really would be easier on you and on your son if you came peacefully. Jango nodded again, then asked. “And the Jedi Counsel has the authority to do this?” “The Jedi Counsel has the authority the Republic has entrusted it with,” a light appeared to dawn in the Jedi’s eyes, “But Kamino...” “Isn’t part of the Republic,” Jango grinned. Obi-Wan frowned and then countered: “I could discuss the matter with the Prime Minister.” “And I could insist that they’ve been tricked, and you’re not a Jedi. And they’ve known me longer,” then Jango added sharply, “and I know all about your Jedi mind tricks, so don’t bother.” “Then we appear to be at an impasse,” Obi-Wan sighed, “I could try to take you in by force, but that would only ruin the remainder of this excellent meal.” Boba knew his Dad had something in mind, just from the way Jango was tilting his head. He stayed relaxed, knowing he would have to catch even the smallest of the signals Dad had worked out. “Well,” Jango drawled, “perhaps we could talk this out.” Boba blinked. He hadn’t expected that. ~*~ The message came two weeks after they returned to Naboo from Tatooine. Master Obi Wan Kenobi hadn’t been heard from since he had left for Kamino, beyond a very brief message that he needed to do some further investigating. Although Anakin had been told quite clearly and emphatically that he should stay put with Senator Amidala, that Master Windu would be investigating, he found himself nonetheless piloting a ship towards Kamino. After all the Senator had insisted on going to check on Master Kenobi. They arrived on Kamino just as Master Windu did. Anakin was surprised when Windu flashed him a sympathetic look after Padme stood her ground and insisted she needed to be there. They found Obi-Wan’s Delta-7 in the shadow of a large ship that to Padme’s eyes looked like a stylized portable clothing press. And the Delta-7 was occupied. ~*~ Boba was happily ensconced in the Delta-7. He had snacks, several juice packs and an entertainment data-pad on the off chance he got bored with studying the Delta-7. Not kriffing likely since Obi-Wan had apparently forgotten he was still signed into the Jedi’s secured internal holo-net system. As his Dad frequently said, if they’re stupid enough to give you a way in than they deserved what you unleash. And he wasn’t going to do anything too terrible. Boba was beginning to really like Obi-Wan, which was probably a good thing considering the way things seemed to be going. What wasn’t a good thing was the canopy of the Delta-7 opening up and the rain coming in. Bobe looked up from the screen and frowned. A woman and two men. She was pretty, he was handsome, and the other man looked like a dork with a braid. “You’re letting the rain in,” Boba said tartly, and closed the canopy. It opened again. “This is the property of the Jedi Order, youngling,” The handsome man said sternly. “I know, Obi-Wan said I could study it,” Boba shut the canopy again, or at least tried to, then he noticed the men’s garb, “oh, more Jedi.” “Yes, more Jedi,” the handsome man said with a hint of exasperation, however his tone of voice gentled as he asked, “We are looking for Jedi Master Obi-Wan Kenobi. He’s given you permission to play in his ship?” “I’m not playing ,” Boba pouted, “I’m studying,” he gave the dork with a braid the stink-eye when the dork chuckled, “Obi-Wan,” he said with all the dignity a ten year old could muster, “is having philosophical discussions with my Dad.” “Philosophical discussions?” the handsome man helped Boba clamber out of the starship. “Yep,” Boba nodded. “Perhaps we could join in,” the woman chimed in, “I’m Padme Amidala, and you are?” “Boba Fett,” he gave a slight bow, it seemed polite, “I’m pleased to meet you.” “I am Mace Windu,” the handsome man finally named himself, and he gestured to the dork with the braid, “this is Anakin Skywalker, Master Kenobi’s padawan learner.” “Oh, he’s mentioned you,” Boba looked at Anakin like he was trying to match up what Obi-Wan had said of his apprentice and what was standing there, “huh.” He led the way to the entrance into the city. “Philosophical discussions, you said,” Mace prompted as they wended their way through the corridors. “Yep,” Boba nodded again, “the latest was whether it was possible for the Jedi to maintain their philosophy of detachment if a physical intimacy became involved,” he could of sworn Padme and Anakin jumped a little at that, interesting, “Obi-Wan let me study his ship, since they needed to continued their discussion and they broken Dad’s bed last night,” he cheerfully chattered on. “I’m sorry, what?” Mace asked. “Broke Dad’s bed. We’re almost there,” Boba led their way towards a door with a formidable locking mechanism, “so they were going to use the couch today.” He seemed oblivious to the shocked looks being traded by the trio, but Boba was getting more amused by the second. Just as they got to the door there was thump on the other side of the wall by the door. Boba carefully schooled his face into wide-eyed innocence, before he turned to look at the stunned group. “It sounds like they’ve broken the couch too.” Chapter 7 : Her Fathers' Daughter. Summary: A very dubious, very cracky origin for Rey. Tatooine The man’s grip on reality seemed a little looser than other people’s, but he was utterly convinced of what he said. It was just that what he said came close to making Poe and Finn’s heads hurt in ways neither of them had ever imagined. Poe, being the kind man he was, very gently started to clarify what Boba Fett had told them, while Finn started to figure just how they were going to explain this to the pertinent parties. “You had a vision while being digested by the Sarlacc, that indicated that if someone of the Skywalker bloodline and Han Solo had a child it would either be the salvation or destruction of the universe.” “Yes,” Fett nodded emphatically while he went through some ceremony, which he assured them would result in tea. “If the child was a boy, it would be disaster; if the child was a girl, everything would fine, even better than before. But that Leia Organa was destined to only have one child” “That’s the Vision I was shone.” “So when Ben Solo-Organa was born you feared the universe would come to an end and took steps to prevent that,” Poe began to pace in the small house that once belonged to Obi-Wan Kenobi. He really was beginning to wish he had gone with the General to the new Republic capital, “ which involved creating a child from the genetic material of Luke Skywalker and Han Solo.” “Yep, Skywalker was the easy one, killed two mynocks with one blaster bolt, retrieved his hand and the lightsaber. Gave the lightsaber to Maz and took the hand to Kamino for safe keeping,” the old man frowned, “Solo was surprisingly hard to get material from, it took a little longer,” then Fett smiled again, and Poe was hard pressed not to smiled along with him, “but I got it, and then had Rey made. The universe is Safe now.” “Why the kriff did you leave her on Jakku?!?” Finn burst out incredulously. “Because I couldn’t exactly drop her off with Skywalker. She would have died in the massacre,” Fett snapped back, almost dropping a very heavy pot of water on Finn’s feet, “besides that was not my doing. Dengar screwed that one up. She was supposed to live here with me until the Right Time.” “Why didn’t you go after her?” “Because Bossk and Cardossk got concerned that I was acting ‘irrationally’ and decided I needed to be ‘looked after’ like I was ten again. When those two agree on something it’s hard to escape them,” Fett scowled darkly, “by the time I got loose, it would have been dangerous to go after her.” Chapter 8 : Philosophical Discussions - Brothers? Summary: The discussion seems to have continued... Poor Anakin. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Mace took a moment to reach out in the Force to determine if Obi-Wan was as willing as the boy seemed to indicate. There was another thump against the wall and muffled moan. Mace withdrew from the Force, his face only slightly shifting with an uneven mix of disapproval and humor. Boba was correct, Obi-Wan was perfectly willing. He reached out and deftly caught the boy’s hand before he could touch the locking mechanism. “Perhaps we should not interrupt them right now,” he intoned with only the driest of hints of humor coloring his voice, “they are otherwise...engaged.” “You mean they’re frakking each other silly,” Boba replied matter-of-factly, he looked past Mace, “Is he okay?” Mace turned to see Anakin, twitching, being supported by Padmé, seemly paralyzed by indecision and shock. “I don’t think he ever thought of his Master as being,” oh Mace knew he shouldn’t do it, but for once he decided not to resist, “Frakkable.” Skywalker twitched even more violently, and Mace almost, almost took a step back from the glare Senator Amidala leveled at him. “I could take you to Taun We,” Boba offered, and Mace could swear the child was planning some other surprise, just to see how they would react. “No, I think it best we wait until we can talk with Master Kenobi and your Father,” Mace shook his head, “We shall return to our ships until that time.” Boba’s face lit up. “I can go back to studying’s Obi-Wan’s ship?” Anakin shook himself and finally found his voice. “Master Windu, do you think that truly wise?” Skywalker winced as his voice squeaked from unexpected stress. “He gave me permission.” It was a borderline whine from Boba, but the big pleading brown eyes made up for it. Mace still wasn’t buying it. “Is there somewhere where,” Mace began when there was an exceptional loud thump and someone was urging loud enough they could hear clearly despite the soundproofing. “HARDER” “I think that was Dad,” Boba stared, a little shocked, at the wall for a moment, really looking like the ten year old child he was. “Is there somewhere where we can find refreshment?” Mace hurriedly asked managing to shepherd the group away from the apartment before Skywalker completely freaked out. Senator Amidala wasn’t helping things; she looked like she was going to burst out into giggles at any moment. “I can make hot chocolate on Slave I,” Boba offered as he kept looking back, eyes all-rounded and blinking, then he looked at Anakin a little shyly and a touch slyly, “I think you just became my brother.” ~*~ Mace got Anakin and Senator Amidala settled back on the Senator’s ship, and let the Senator fuss over Kenobi’s...traumatized seemed too strong a words, but Mace was willing to go with it, Kenobi’s traumatized padawan. Mace had a troubling feeling about that particular situation, but it was a better alternative than keeping Skywalker and the Fett child in any kind of proximity, at least not until Obi-Wan was present and could make an account of himself. Mace knew he should report to the Council, or at least Yoda, but not just yet. He was going to accompany Boba and have a hot chocolate. If he knew his bounty hunters right, there would something stronger on that ship that could be added to the hot chocolate. Then he would contact his little green goblin of a best friend. It was going to be a long conversation. Notes: There probably be one more part to this little story line. Chapter 9 : Philosophical Discussions - S'Mores Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Obi-Wan Kenobi woke up with a sense of being pinned to reasonably soft surface. He woken up on less comfortably soft surfaces and this really was a nice change and he needed to get his mind to circle back to the part where he was being pinned down because that had to have some importance, didn’t it? Of course what was pinning down him was warm, breathing, and not quite so soft as what he was pinned down on, but still a welcome change. It was also softly snoring. Ah, yes, Jango. This was definitely the sort of complication Obi-Wan had been trying to teach Anakin to avoid. There was really was nothing for it. He would have to leave the Order. Obi-Wan knew enough of Mandalorian culture ( oh Satine , some corner of his heart would always love Satine) to know how dogged Jango would be about family, especially given that Boba had already practically adopted Obi-Wan as a second father. Obi-Wan doubted he could resist the double-powered puppy-dog stare of both sets of deep brown eyes anyway. He wasn’t about to be the one who set those two loose in the Temple. And, yes, for all that Jango embraced being a warrior, Obi-Wan felt a certain serene peace within himself in admitting he was fallen lightsaber over boots in love with the irritating man. It helped that Jango had decided, somewhere between teaching Obi-Wan how to cook rollerfish and an intense discussion (shouting match) about the Jedi needing to open their eyes, that maybe the best revenge was being happy. Since a large scale war tended to get in the way of happiness, Jango was clearly plotting something. Obi-Wan hadn’t wormed who exactly had hired him yet, but he had overheard a conversation Jango had with the Kaminoans, something about immediately halting the accelerated aging of the clones (Obi-Wan approved) and a puzzled exchange about bio-chips which Jango very decisively lied through his teeth about; he said Jedi Master Kenobi ordered them to be removed, carefully. Obi-Wan had sensed that Jango had been a bit blindsided about the chips and they perhaps had been the deciding factor for Jango. Deciding what exactly Obi-Wan hadn’t found out, but Jango’s arguments had been particularly skewed towards free will after that. He glanced at the wall-chrono and winced. For all that Jango let Boba roam free on Kamino, the boy did need to eat regularly. Obi-Wan shook Jango. And was rewarded with a muffled snort and Jango snuggling down harder. Obi-Wan shook Jango again and said loudly. “I think Boba’s hungry.” That woke him up. “What? Boba?” Jango surged up, looking around. “Yes, I think we should find Boba and make him something to eat,” Obi-Wan smirked just a little at Jango’s owlish blinking. Jango slumped back down, whumphing the air out of Obi-Wan. “Boba’ll probably eat on Slave I,” Jango groused, “he’s a smart boy,” there was the quick affectionate smile that always appeared when Jango spoke of his son. "Jango.” “All right, all right,” Jango muttered, getting up and giving Obi-Wan a good view of what he was now reconsidering; perhaps it wouldn’t hurt Boba to eat on Slave I. Alas, Jango moved too fast and was getting dressed, covering up tantalizing tattooed skin, “hmm, Boba must have taken your robes to be laundered; here.” Obi-Wan took the bundle of Jango’s clothes to wear. His shirts fit well. His trousers tended to be a bit short, but Obi-Wan’s boots hid that. ~*~ Obi-Wan’s stomach sank as he saw the two new starships on the landing pad. He could tell immediately one was Mace’s personal, custom, purpler than almost anything else in the Galaxy Delta-7. He was denying the other was a sleek silver nabuian craft. That would mean Anakin was on Kamino. Explaining to Mace how and why he had fallen in love with the man paid to assassinate Senator Amidala was going to be interesting enough, he didn’t think he could handle the hurt that Anakin would radiate. “Well, he’s not in your Delta-7,” Jango announced, trudging back through the rain, “I should have checked on Slave I from the apartment,” he grumbled, “whose ship is that?” “The Senator you were hired to...” he trailed off uncomfortably. “You’re going to have to get over that, love,” Jango said, “I am who I am; I’m willing to change, but you have to accept who I am now.” Kenobi chuckled as Jango settled the odd shaped rain hat on his head. “Yes, of course. It’s Senator Amidala’s craft, and if she’s here, so is my padawan,” Obi-Wan said, “he’s going to be upset.” “Then I suggest we check on Slave I first.” ~*~ The looks Obi-Wan and Jango got when they entered Slave I’s tiny crew quarters would have frozen lava. Boba and Mace were both seated on the floor, with two small portable cooking burners between them, as well as a large bowl of Alderaanian marshmallows, Corellian sweet crackers and flat bars of chocolate. Mugs of hot chocolate were also present. They had interrupted a serious discussion of the merits of the literary detective Macha Bindu and his good friend and partner Dr. Ormond Sacker, as well various holo-media interpretations there of. Jango was the first to move, sitting down next to his son. “Might as well get this bit over with, love,” he motioned to Obi-Wan to sit. “That’s all well and good,” Obi-Wan grumbled under his breath, “you’re sitting next to your son.” But he settled in next to Mace nonetheless. The four of them made for a tight fit. Mace, looking sideways at Obi-Wan the entire time, speared a marshmallow with a long thin fork and held it over the heat of the burner. “So, philosophical discussions?” he finally intoned causing Obi-Wan to jump. “It seemed like an ideal alternative at the time,” Obi-Wan said weakly. Boba giggled and Jango couldn’t help but try to hide a snort of laughter, but still he couldn’t let his almost spouse (everything done but the oath) have to answer for a solution Jango had thought up. "It was my idea,” Jango said, stealing a sip from his son’s hot chocolate, earning him a small thump from Boba, butting his shoulder against Jango’s arm, “I suggested we talk it out. You should give Obi-Wan credit, his silver tongue’s probably spared the Jedi a lot of pain and heartache.” Mace slid the now perfectly toasted marshmallow off the fork onto a sweet cracker and topped it with a bit of chocolate and another cracker. He took a bite and chewed slowly, savoring the sweetness. Boba rested his head against Jango’s shoulder, shuffling a bit when Jango wrapped an arm around him. “You, both, do still have to come before the Jedi Council,” Mace said, making another s’more and handing it to Obi-Wan, “the clone army did not just conjure itself up out of the Force, and there is still the matter who hired you to assassinate Senator Amidala.” “The Trade Federation,” Jango answered with a shrug. “We guessed that,” Mace let an almost smile cross his face, “but the Trade Federation’s leadership,” he paused, searching for diplomatic words, “leads less than it is lead.” Jango returned the almost smile. “You Jedi need to keep better track of members who leave your Order.” Mace tilted his head and raised an eyebrow, which Jango mirrored as Obi-Wan and Boba watched in fascination. The silent conversation went on for a few more seconds when Slave I's intruder alarm blared to life causing them all to jump. Notes: This may get moved into its own story. Chapter 10 : Ghost Story Summary: A ghost is laid to rest on Geonosis. Notes: This story takes place in the same Universe as Chapter two: When In Doubt Head For Hondo. and takes place about a year later. Also Warning for PTSD, Childhood Trauma, Mention of Decapitation, and a headless apparition roaming around. There are ghost stories in this Galaxy. A recent story is the burning Tusken Raider encampment on Tatooine, that no matter how it is approached, observers can never reach it. On Lost Alderaan there was the story the sightless Prince who haunted the Palace and legend has it ensured that there would never be a male heir to the royal family so Alderaan never suffered from a folly like his again. They say there are more ghost stories on Coruscant that there are inhabitants, which many people say is unsurprising. And now we examine the ghosts of Geonosis. Geonosis first battle field of the Clone Wars. Geonosis origin point of the original Deathstar. Geonosis a dead world. Some suggest the entire planet is a ghost. Which is nonsense, but there is a feeling, when you’re on its surface, that there are things that slip by you just outside of your range of vision. Even species who have a near 360 degree field of view have said they feel that way. Arguably though the most famous ghost is that of the frightening headless Mandalorian warrior said to haunt the ruined arena. The few people who claim to have seen the fearsome apparition claim it appears to be searching for something. Most suggest he’s looking for his head. One, a Rodian who as child had accompanied their parents on an archeological/survey expedition shortly after the fall of the Empire and who claims to have had very up close encounter with the ghost, says they think the ghost is looking for something else entirely. *~* The main camp was set up in the arena because it seemed the most defensible location. My parents were excited, well, excited isn’t the most appropriate word, but it was the first time they could actually excavate a site without Imperial minders breathing down their necks. Probably the first time they knew their findings would be taken seriously. I know the adults of the expedition had heard stories from previous visitors to Geonosis about the arena and its ghosts, but my parents did their best to keep me from hearing about them. But I was nine standard years old and curious and there was a Kiffar geologist, Tarea Vos ( Note: despite the name Tarea Vos is not related to late Jedi Master Quinlan Vos ) who firmly believe that children should be told things rather than catch information half-heard and worry about something without all the facts. So she told me about the previous sightings and was adamant that I shouldn’t be afraid, and to tell an adult if I saw a ghost. Father was livid, but I think Mother was relieved. Anyway, it wasn’t long after that that someone spotted the ghost. A Correllian who was always disagreeable woke the whole camp up screaming after he took a late night stroll and ran into the headless mandalorian. Kept babbling on how it tried to steal his head. I’m pretty certain he was lying. After that more people saw the ghost, but no one really had any incidents with it. Mostly it just wandered with its hand reaching out like it was looking for something. But if it was looking for its head you’d think it would be searching the ground, not kind of waving its hand in the air. I mean that would make more sense, right? I don’t know, maybe what happened with me is coloring my memory, but the ghost seemed more sad to me, than scary. What happened with me? Well, my parents would let me explore the more exposed interiors of the arena and I had found this really comfortable hidey-hole where I could see everything that was going on in the arena, and I could have some privacy from some of the other children. One day I fell asleep. When I woke up the sun was setting and a headless warrior ghost was standing over me. I was mortified then, but I’m not ashamed now, I admit I soiled myself. I backed myself up against the wall, and whimpered as it reached for me. Then it touched my arm. The closest I can come to describing what it felt like is if the air itself had solidified, not cold, not warmer, just the ambient temperature. And as it patted its way up my arm I could see...you know how you can just tell when someone is getting excited just from the way they hold their body? Well, the ghost was getting excited, and then it touched my face, my head, and it, sorry, sorry, it’s just so hard to remember, it hurts. It froze for a moment and then its shoulders slumped and, and its body language was just so sad. Then it patted my shoulder and just disappeared. I freaked out and ran back to the central encampment. I don’t think it’s looking for its head, I think it’s looking for someone. And I don’t think it means that person any harm. *~* Luke was almost certain he was going to have to Use The Force to get Boba out of the ship. His husband kept getting right to the hatch and then back away like it was going to bite him. Boba had been like that ever since that holonet series, “Ghosts of the Galaxy”, had been broadcast. Inching forward towards going to Geonosis and then deciding that maybe now was not a good time to go. Considering Luke had seen Boba face down a Death Watch contingent with little more than a vibro-knife and a smile (and wasn’t that a memorable fight; Death Watch had been foolish enough to broadcast to most of the Galaxy. All it had done was cement Boba’s position as Mand’alor), he knew this fear was as unnatural to Boba as philanthropy was to Hutts. Really, if it hadn’t been for Owen saying out of the blue that he wanted his grandpa to be happy, it probably would have taken years to get Boba to go. (They were going to have to talk about Owen; he wasn’t Force-sensitive, but he kept doing and saying things that generally unnerved people.) And now they were on Geonosis and Luke was having to coax Boba out of the damn ship. Luke stepped up right behind Boba just before he could back away for the twelfth time and wrapped an arm around his waist. “I’m right here, Bo,” Luke said softly, “whatever happens, I’m right here.” Boba shot him an annoyed look. “I know you’re here, Skywalker. I’m just,” he paused taking a step down the ramp, “I’m just not certain the time is right. Stupid holo-show said sundown, or night.” “In my experiences ghosts appear at all hours of the day,” Luke replied as they haltingly walked down the ramp. “ Your ghosts are not really ghosts, Skywalker,” Boba grumbled. They’d discussed this at length long before this business had come up. Boba insisted Force Ghosts were psychic projections of disembodied minds and it was no good pretending otherwise because Proper Ghosts didn’t throw objects at people when it did the most good for their pupil. It was either completely random or on a fixed schedule; not when he was about to get the upper hand in a fight. Luke chuckled, but noticed they finally on the floor of the Geonosian Arena. Boba broke away from him, taking in a deep breath and letting it out in broken puffs. He pointed to a place where a single broken block of stone stood. “There were three pillars there. Your parents and Kenobi were chained to them. There was a nexu, acklay and a, a reek, that the Geonosians were going to use to kill them,” Fett stopped and turned as if on a pivot, and pointed to a broken structure that might have been a balcony at one time, “there, we watched from up there. We watched....” He just kept staring at the ruined royal viewing box, and Luke knew that Boba wasn’t really there with him at that moment. Luke stayed close, but he gave Boba space. Even though he knew in the end this was what Boba needed, regardless of any ghosts, he was entirely aware that there was a potential that Boba might lash out. And that Boba would never forgive himself if he hurt Luke. “The Jedi came. Windu came. He held his lightsaber to Dad’s throat.” Boba started with a jerk and marched across the space, Luke following in his wake. He began to climb to a little hollowed area, it may have been some Geonosian elite’s little private box. It was almost naturally shielded. The perfect place to hide a child, Luke realized. “Dad told me to stay here,” Boba said softly once he had climbed into the space, smaller than he remembered it, “and I watched. The reek trampled him. Then Windu. Killed him.” He finally looked at Luke like a man looking through fog. “He just fell over. Just fell over. They all kept fighting.” Luke sat down next to Boba. He felt he had to say something, but only one phrase came to mind. “I’m sorry.” Boba sagged heavily against Luke. “And that, Love, is why you’re a better Jedi than any of the ones that came before,” Boba murmured, taking Luke’s hand and lay his head on Luke’s shoulder. Neither was sure of just how much time passes, but Luke was the first to notice the shadow drifting towards them. He looked up and took in sharp breath. Force Ghosts didn’t look like that. There was something comfortingly, well, glowy and ethereal about them. This was something that almost seemed solid. Luke recognized the armor from holographs. He had never known just how much like his father Boba moved though. There were differences aside from the lack of a head. Jango Fett must have had a slightly bulkier build than his son which Luke attributed to life differences. And there was something very cold about the sheer sleek spotlessness of the armor. Boba’s armor wasn’t as bashed up anymore, but it still was more...Luke couldn’t pinpoint it, but Boba’s armor seemed more real. Luke carefully reached out with the Force. It was so strange trying to examine the presence that was there; it was like trying to grasp water. But it was there . Luke looked at Boba and realized he was dozing. “Bo, wake up,” he whispered. Brown eyes snapped open, and Boba sat up straight. “Oh.” Neither one of them moved. Luke felt a little absurd, a Jedi Master, the Jedi Master, and he was afraid. It felt claustrophobic as the ghost knelt down in front of them, and reached out. Its hand splayed out on Boba’s chest, and Luke understood exactly what the Rodian had said about the phantom’s body language. Right now, it was curious, almost hopeful, as the hand moved upward to Boba’s shoulder, and then confused and disappointed as it reached his face, and traced his features and the scars. Its shoulders started to slump. “I grew up, Dad,” Boba said quietly, and that brought the figure to almost rigid attention, “I’m two years older than you ever got to be.” Then both hands were on Boba’s shoulders, and if the ghost of Jango Fett had had a head his face would have been mere centimeters from Boba’s. “I have three children. I have someone who loves me; he’s right next to me. I have a home.” Luke could have sworn the ghost started to glow. “I’m happy Dad.” And the ghost shook with unheard laughter and it wrapped its, his arms around Boba. And Luke watched as strange matter flowed and coalesced to form Jango Fett’s head. He whispered something to Boba, but it was so low Luke couldn’t hear it, nor did he try to. Then Jango sat back on his heels, grinning staring as if to burn the memory of his grown son’s face into his memory. He reached out and ruffled Boba’s hair, then shimmered out of existence. Luke turned to Boba, carefully not reaching out in the Force to respect Boba’s privacy. Boba glanced over at him. “Let’s get to the ship.” It seemed a bit of a blur until the next morning. Mostly Luke remembered holding tight as Boba wept silently in the crowded berth on Slave I. Boba woke first as usually and had already ready the ship for takeoff, when Luke came yawning into the cockpit to secure himself lift off. Slave I really was the strangest ship to fly. “So, you’re happy?’ Luke asked lightly. Boba snorted and rolled his eyes, but the corners of his mouth tilted upwards. “There’s one less ghost on Geonosis, Skywalker. Let’s go home, Love.” Chapter 11 : Helmet On, Heart Gone Notes: I normally quite like soul mate AUs. However this depressing little monster took hold and I had to write it out during lunch. Warning: implied character death. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Once, when Boba was very young, he asked his father about the bluish green smudge that marred one of the tattoos that crisscrossed Jango’s forearms. His father smiled sadly, and because he was a good father, explained quite simply that it was his soulmate’s mark, but it was blurred now that they had died. And while he was sad from that loss, at least had memories of the time they had been happy together. Boba with all the wisdom of a four year old asked if his father wanted to play starships to make Jango happy. With a laugh, Jango settled himself on the floor. ~*~ When he was slightly older, Boba asked if he had a soulmate’s mark. “It’ll come in when you’re older,” Jango reassured him. Jango didn’t live to see that mark manifest. It was probably for the best. ~*~ When Boba was nineteen, he met his soulmate. Then shortly returned to Slave I to burn the visible mark from his skin. He wished he could burn it completely out of himself. He had met his soulmate. But he was not his soulmate’s soulmate. Made worse that his soulmate’s mark had the indicator of true love. The sliver of hope he had held for some happiness in his life crumbled to dust. Buy'ce olar, kar'ta ogir He’d turned cold. He’d survive. He’d thrive. Fett rarely removed his helmet. ~*~ Some forty years later and Fett’s helping a remarkably stupid Jedi Master and his apprentice evading the First Order and get to the Resistance Base at the behest of the Maz Kanata. The apprentice will not shut up about looking forward to being with her two soulmates again. Amazing how after so many years the subject still manages to tear Fett apart inside. There are advantages to wearing a helmet. But with Jedi sometimes even a helmet isn’t enough. He really doesn’t need to concerned looks Skywalker’s giving him. Doesn’t need the underlying pity. Just wants this final mission over with so he can go back to his farm and finish out his days. ~*~ Stupid Jedi is all Fett can think as Master Skywalker tried to stop the bleeding. Everything dies. Love. Hope. Dreams. Everything dies. Fett had accepted that so long ago he barely remembers time it wasn’t a core part of his being. “Give up Skywalker,” he wheezed, almost laughing, “There’s nothing you can do.” The Jedi master sighed in defeat and turned his attention from trying to keep the life from flowing out of Fett’s body to keeping the pain to minimum, as if he knew Fett would never forgive him if he took it away completely. “Giving up isn’t like you, Fett,” Skywalker said as he settled himself beside the dying bounty hunter. They were safe enough for the moment. “I’m tired, Jedi,” Fett confessed, “and there’s nothing to bind me to this life.” “Your soulmate is still alive,” the Jedi tilted his head quizzically, “that much I can feel.” “Yes, and so is his true love. Some of us aren’t as lucky as your apprentice, Jedi,” but there really wasn’t any bite in his words. Fett sighed and let his eyes close, “what is, is, Skywalker. Life’s not fair. It’d be hell if it was.” “I don’t believe that,” Skywalker said quietly, taking hold of Fett’s hand. Fett was fading fast “Suit yourself, Jedi, but I’d hate to think I deserved all the crap that happened to me. Most it probably,” he weakly chuckled, “but not all of it.” After that there was just silence. Notes: I have no clue who Boba Fett's soul mate was. It wasn't Luke in this story; it might possibly be Lando tho'. See Mokulule's Comment for new Official Ending. Chapter 12 : Pan Summary: The ghost of Han Solo makes a desperate last minute change to the timeline. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Han Han is disoriented. His son, his child, his baby just Killed him? Han’s not certain where he is now. He’s not entirely certainly when he is. But something, something (what did that old man, Rex, tell him before Endor?) tells him he has a chance to change things. Maybe for the better. Maybe he can’t save all of them. But he doesn’t have long. It’s a small change, a silly change, and it really is a last second thing, but before he fades completely he has some small measure of hope that it may be enough . *~* Someone, not naming names here (Palpatine), really should have paid attention when CT-5385, Tup, started rather obsessively offering bread or the local equivalent to the Jedi. His brothers worried, but since it was such a harmless and frequently appreciated gesture in a very dark time they just kept an eye on him and accompanied him when he went looking for bakeries. (Later when Echo is recovered and when Echo’s physically recovered enough, Kix and Fives let Tup smuggle in the alderaanian pastries that Echo once mentioned he’d like to try.) *~* “General?” Cody’s voice was uncertain, worried, and generally nothing like it should be. Obi-Wan looked at Cody and almost immediately put an arm around the clone’s shoulder and guided him to a place he could sit. The other clone troopers seem slightly dazed as well, but they continue the clean up of Utapua. “Yes, Cody?” Obi-Wan radiated concern. “I, we, just got orders, sir,” Cody blinked, “We’re suppose to offer you breadsticks? Sir? But we don’t have any here at the moment.” “Breadsticks?” “Yes, sir.” Kenobi considered this. Cody really seemed distressed that he couldn’t give Obi-Wan breadsticks. Obi-Wan patted Cody’s shoulder. “You continue over-seeing operations here, and I will send in a requisition for some breadsticks.” “Thank you Sir,” Cody stood up and seemed much happier about the matter. Later when Obi-Wan got on the comms he discovered that something quietly insane was going on. Every Jedi was reporting that the clone troopers were either offering them breadsticks or whatever the edible equivalent was for the Jedi in question, or they were freaking out because they didn’t have any breadstick to offer and would the Jedi forgive them? The younglings at the Temple were making out like bandits since they persuaded the troopers there that cookies/sweets were acceptable. The Chancellor had issued the order, but apparently he had had something very different in mind, and now he was in custody as a Sith Lord and Anakin Skywalker was heavily sedated and would Obi-Wan please return to Coruscant? Notes: This admittedly silly ficlet is the result of my having heard "execute order sixty-six" as "bring them breadsticks" when I was half-asleep. The idea of Han's ghost somehow falling backward in time and making the only change he could seemed to fit. Chapter 13 : Bread & Salt & Blood Notes: A TESB au. I'm not certain where this came from. I'm also finding that in several headcanons that Lando and Boba have had some kind of past together. Warnings: non-graphic vomiting (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Bespin Bread and salt and blood. Bread and salt and blood. Bread and salt and blood. Boba had learned this at his Dad’s knee. The two of simplest and most forbidden of spells. Bread and salt and blood were all you needed for either of them. Of course, most magic was unofficially forbidden by Mandalorian culture and customs. Even simple rain spells were looked at askew. There was a reason farmers tended to spook Mandalorian warriors and aristocrats alike. History tended to gloss over that Cassus Vhett had been feared not only because his strategic brilliance but because he had been a powerful sorcerer and his descendants had that power bound in their bones by Cassus. Which was the primary reason why they claimed not to know if they were his descendants. Why they used the Basic pronunciation of their family name. Why they made sure they had a piece of beskar on them at all times. But they still passed down the lore. And Boba was on his knees, stripped of his armor in front of Darth Vader, all because Lando Calrissian told Vader that Fett could do magic. Of all of the mistakes Boba had made in his youth, the ill-fated liaison with Calrissian was the one he regretted the most. “Can it be done, Bounty Hunter?” Vader thundered. Boba looked up at him sourly, and then even more sourly at Calrissian. “Yes,” he finally answered sullenly, glaring at the towering Sith Lord, “I can do it, but I’m not going to.” The wall hit him incredibly fast. He almost missed Vader’s growled: “Reconsider.” Due to the ringing in his head. Then Vader left him alone with Calrissian dithering, making weak protests. He managed to push himself off the floor, and then slumped, seated against the wall. Calrissian knelt down beside Fett. “What is going on, Fett?” Calrissian growled under his breath as he actually checked to see what damage had been done. “You told him I could make it rain,” Fett growled back, but then vomited on Calrissian. After Calrissian swore but got everything, including Fett cleaned up, he asked quietly: “What has that got to do with anything?” Fett managed a glare. “You told him I could make rain; a non-force user who can make rain come,” Fett said weakly, “and bearing the name Vhett. He’s not stupid, Calrissian.” Lando closed his eyes, gritted his teeth. “Dammit, Boba, what does he want you to do?” “To bind Skywalker to his will,” Fett slurred, “and resurrect his dead wife.” “He had a wife? Wait, can you do that?” “Yes.” Lando stared at Fett. Fett looked back, and Lando was appalled at how fragile the bounty hunter looked at that moment. “I’m not going to do it, Calrissian. Neither spell; the cost is too high,” Fett shuddered, then leaned against Lando. Lando almost didn’t hear it, “I’m afraid, cyar’ika.” Lando wrapped his arms around Fett. He was going to have to think of a way to save his friends, his city and now Fett from the Empire. Force help them all. Notes: I'm not entirely certain how magic works in this universe, although intent matters, and how it is different from the Force. But Cassus' arrogance and his claiming more power than he should have claimed have messed up his descendants very badly in this AU. So why didn't the clone troopers have magic bound in them? Well, Jango considered Boba his son, he didn't consider the clone troopers his children, so they were spared. Chapter 14 : First Meeting Summary: Luke Meet Boba. Boba Meet Luke. Neither one of you is going to remember this for a long time. Notes: This is Gen, and happens in multiple timelines in my various headcanons. Warning: death of a Toydarian. When Luke was six years old his Aunt Beru took him with her when the Tatooine Traveling Bazaar came to Anchorhead. The Bazaar circled Tatooine reaching each settlement at least twice a year. For some settlements it was the only true market place they could reach without long and dangerous trips to Tatooine’s few cities. Not so for the Anchorhead settlement, but it was generally agreed upon that waiting for the Bazaar was usually better than traveling into Mos Eisley. Luke initially enjoyed seeing new things and meeting new people, but he started to get bored, and Aunt Beru was standing with her friends and catching up on all the latest gossip the traveling merchants carried with them. So with all the quiet curiosity of a young boy he slipped away from the chatting group to explore on his own. Mostly he was ignored as he scampered his way through the crowds, but a few people noticed him. A Toydarian textile merchant shouted at him when he accidently knocked a bolt or two of cloth down. A pale purple Twilek patted him on the head and gave him a laser-ribbon stick (that promoted her skills as a mechanic) to his delight. On the edge of the bazaar, under a reflective storage tent, there was a young man wearing a tannish gray work suit sitting on a packing container. One leg hung down, the other he had tucked under himself. He had short black hair that was a bit messy and spiky. His eyes were closed. His most striking feature was a fresh, angry-looking raw scar that ran down from just above his right eye, bisecting his eyebrow and then swept across the bridge of his nose to his left cheek. Luke had never seen anything quite so fascinating before. He wondered if the man had lost his right eye, and if, should he open it, there would be a gaping hole. He couldn’t decide if that would be neat or scary. “If you’re going to stare, you might as well ask.” Luke stumbled back and almost sat down. “What what happened to your face?” Luke got out, wondering how the man knew he had been staring. The men opened his left eye to study Luke, then smiled and opened the right one to reveal, that yes, he still had the eye. “Got too close to a gundark,” he said casually. “There aren’t any gundarks on Tatooine,” Luke said back, his brow furrowing. “Which is why I’m here; no more gundarks for me,” he nodded in agreement. “Oh,” Luke thought about that for a moment, then asked, “what do you do?” “You mean at the bazaar?” “Uh-huh,” Luke nodded in turn. “I help people move stuff and set up their kiosks.” “I thought droids did that?” “Droids get filled with sand. They break. Me? They just have to keep fed and watered,” there was another smile, but Luke felt there was something more to it; he just couldn’t think of what, “Is your name Luke?” Luke blinked in amazement. How did he know that? “Yes?” “I think your ma is looking for you," The man tilted his chin to indicate that Luke should look behind him. Luke turned around and saw Aunt Beru hurrying toward him, calling his name. He turned back to tell the man that she was his Aunt, but the man was gone. Two day later the Toydarian textile merchant was found dead; his wings and snout sliced off. Apparently he had swindled a Hutt and had thought he could lose the hunters on his trail by hiding on the planet galactically acknowledged as Jabba’s territory. After all who would be stupid enough to hide there? No one noticed one of the roustabouts was missing as well. Chapter 15 : Lokum Notes: This is the very beginning of the relationship between Luke and Boba that appears in chapters two and ten. Fett had long figured out that the universe had it in for him. Why give him a happy childhood then have it ripped away? Why give him martial skills and then shun him from the culture that valued them? Why give him the face of the one person he desperately wanted to see again, but all reflections ever showed him was disappointment? Always existing on the outskirts and edges. Still, Fett had managed fight his way through life, breaking even some of the time. Standing defiant against whatever got thrown at him. Now the universe didn’t have the decency to let him die with even an ounce of dignity. He had known he wouldn’t survive escaping the Sarlacc, which he mostly was escaping out of spite. Death by explosion, or death by exposure and injuries once he was on the surface. He had wanted the former, but being a realist expected the latter. He’d cursed all the gods he’d never believed in when those miserable little scavengers stripped his face and form from him, not caring if he were still alive or not, exacerbating the injuries of this useless corpse he was trapped in. Leaving him exposed to the merciless heat of the Tatooine’s twin suns. It was a strange feeling, feeling the life slowly bleed out of him. He was more bothered by his anger, the anger that had sustained him since his father died, dissipating; all passion and drive vanishing from him as if they never existed. Even the spite that normally kept his anger sparked was gone. And it all led to numbness. So when he saw the damn wannabe Jedi Vader had been chasing hovering over him in concern he just gave up. Their eyes locked for an instance and Fett knew the bastard was ripping through his mind like the sarlacc had. Fett managed a gust of breath and closed his eyes. ~*~ After he was released from medical treatment, Luke found that caring for Boba Fett was like caring for a toy soldier droid that had had all but the most basic programming erased. The (former?) bounty hunter could take care of himself, and clearly did, but he met no one’s eyes, said nothing, and even though there was abundant evidence he moved about Luke’s quarters during the day Luke found him seated on the couch in the same position he had left him in each day. It disturbed Luke that he could literally pose Fett like a doll if he wanted to. Of course, everyone (except Wedge, but he had seen the state Fett had been in when he helped Luke retrieve him) thought what he was doing was dangerous and that he should let Fett rot in prison. They were probably right. Two things, however, kept Luke from allowing that. First, in his current state, Fett probably wouldn’t even last one day in a prison, and second, Luke couldn’t forget what he had felt in Fett’s mind for the few split seconds he had accidentally been in it. He couldn’t explain it, and he was loath to try to reproduce the affect - no one should made to feel like that and Luke couldn’t shake that it would be an invasion of Fett’s privacy to share it. It didn’t stop him from having long and exasperated conversations with his father’s Force Ghost as it had been Anakin who had sent Luke to Tatooine to save the bounty hunter. Anakin has been adamant that Fett be recovered and tended to. His reason chiefly seemed to be that Fett was the way he was because the Jedi dropped the ball and made a bad situation worse and Anakin wouldn’t elaborate any further than that because it was Fett’s story to tell. “But what I am supposed to do?” Luke had ultimately argued, “Keeping him here in this state as a living reminder that the Jedi can be fallible seems cruel.” “He’s not as far gone as he seems,” Anakin shrugged, “it may take a while, but he will get better, it’s,” he chuckled slightly, “it’s the Will of the Force. Which is why I wanted you to recover him, I’d rather he get better here under your care, than elsewhere. You and your sister are going to have enough problems without a rogue bounty hunter holding a grudge against you.” ~*~ A week or so after that conversation Luke returned to his quarters from a very long day trying to convince a group of senators that he had no intention of restarting the fostering practices of the old Jedi order and that he was still working out exactly how the new Jedi order would function when he found Lando Calrissian arms crossed sitting in a chair across from Fett on the couch and box of very expensive something on the table in front of Fett. “Lando?” Luke asked hesitantly, “What are you doing?” Lando looked over at Luke with sad grin. He levered himself out of the chair, did a little stretch and shake, and walked over to Luke. “Trying make an apology,” he admitted, he glanced back over to the unmoving Fett, “to make a long story short, we had a relationship when we were very young, it got screwed up, mostly by me I admit. I thought I didn’t care anymore especially after what happened on Bespin, but,” he shrugged, “but when you brought him here, it shook me up to see him like that. Regardless of what he’s done...” Lando shrugged again. “What’s in the box?” Luke asked as he went to take a look. He got the feeling what Lando was telling him was something not a lot of people knew about. “Atzerrian lokum. He used to love the stuff,” was the amused answer. Luke was startled to realize he was mildly jealous; he liked Atzerrian lokum as well and the flower that gave it its flavor was becoming increasingly rare in the wild on Atzerri, and hothouse grown just didn’t taste as good. “How long were you sitting there?” “Two hours. I talked for about a half hour,” Lando had to shrug yet again, “he hasn’t moved or responded.” Luke glanced from Lando to Fett and back. Lando nodded wryly, then shook his head with a laugh. “Anyway, I had better be off; a charity sabacc game, if you can believe it,” Lando said cheerfully as he moved towards the door. “Han told me about that,” Luke replied as he accompanied Lando, “he and Chewie are going to be watching...” something flew through the air and hit Lando’s squarely between the shoulders. Not hard, just a very light thump, and both men turned. The top of the box of Atzerrian lokum was lying on the floor at their feet. They turned their attention to Fett and noted that while he apparently had not moved, the rest of the box and its contents were nowhere to be see. “Well,” Lando’s grin was genuine, “maybe I did do some good here. Good night Luke,” he called further back, “good night Fett.” Once he was gone, Luke picked up the box lid, and wandered back to Fett. He saw that the box had been carefully tucked into shelf by the arm of the sofa. He set the lid down, and went to change out of his Jedi robes. ~*~ There were four pieces of lokum carefully placed on the table in front of the chair Luke normally sat in, and the box, recovered, was back on the table. And Fett still didn’t seemed to have moved. Luke picked up one of the pieces and popped in his mouth and imagined he could hear Leia giving him a heart-felt, but exasperated, lecture on why he shouldn’t be eating something Boba Fett was offering. Luke had heard people describe the taste really well made food as life-changing, and at the moment he had to agree. The lokum was delicious, and it left Luke wondering if he could persuade Lando to bring more, for therapeutic purposes. He decided he had better made him dinner before eating the rest. “You know,” he said, since he usually talked aloud, even if Fett didn’t respond. It made it seems little less creepy, “on Tatooine, after a certain age, sharing food other than just the staples was seen as flirting on most the settlements. I don’t know what it was like the cities though,” looked like it was going to be prepackage Correllian stew, again, “anyway that lokum, well, a lot of people would consider sharing that tantamount to proposing,” Luke chuckled. “I spent a lot of time on Tatooine, how do you know I’m not?” The soft drawling voice was raspy from disuse and the stew would have gone everywhere when Luke dropped it, but he was able to catch just before it hit the floor using the Force. He did not turn to look. “Proposing with candy someone else gave you is not a serious proposal,” Luke said drily. “You don’t want it, I can take it back.” Luke considered it; it had been a long time since he had had something that had tasted so good. “I’m not that picky; I’ll keep it.” When he turned around again, a piece had been placed to replace the one he had eaten. But Fett still wasn’t looking at Luke. Luke sat down in his usual chair. “I know you’ve probably eaten already, but would you like something? I sometimes feel a little guilty sitting here eating, while you have nothing in front of you,” Luke said gesturing with his fork at Fett. Fett slowly lifted his eyes from the spot on the floor he always seemed to find fascinating to a spot just beyond Luke’s shoulder and replied: “Pointing eating utensils at people is considered rude; it implies you’re planning on stealing their food,” cloudy brown eyes slowly blinked, “or possibly you’re planning on eating them, and then it’s considered ruder not to follow through...I never quite got that part.” It took Luke a moment, but he had to set the bowl and fork down on the table. He let his face drop into his hands, and did his best to stifle the urge to laugh. Either Fett genuinely didn’t get the joke, or he was playing with Luke. What little he had seen in Fett’s mind during their accidental connection made both entirely possible. When he looked up Fett was looking at him, and for a split second Luke thought he did see a glint in Fett’s eyes, and was the corner of Fett’s mouth turned up? Luke felt a weird thump inside. He sat up straight and leaned back in his chair and finally really took a look at Boba Fett. He was startled to find he liked what he saw. Will of the Force my backside , Luke thought, this is stupid and dangerous, but then so was throwing my lightsaber away in front of the emperor . Still Luke smiled at Fett. And Fett smiled back. Chapter 16 : Some Verbal Adventures of Fett & Calrissian Summary: Scenes from a youthful relationship. Notes: Warning:Dialogue only. Geonosian Sand Snakes. “Probably not a good time to mention I get seasick?” “Seasick?!? You said you grew up on a planet that was all ocean!” “Tipoca City didn’t roll up and down like this.” “Fine, but if you throw up on my shoes, Fett, I’m throwing you over board.” “You’re all heart, Calrissian.” *~* “How did we end up here?” “You wanted to see the rancors, Lando.” “Not this is close up.” *~* “Hurmph.” “Wake up there’s something on the bed.” “Nnnnnn.” “Wake up, Bo, I think it’s a snake.” “Hrmmmmphno” “ Wake up or I’m leaving you’re here for the huge-ass snake.” “snake tan furry? mouth middle a body?” “…” “…” “Yes.” “don’worry. it’s bin-ban. m’pet.” “You have a pet snake that’s, what, ten meters long?” “uhuh. not ten meters, two meters. two o’em actually.” “Two?” “go back sleep love. snakes’ll still be in here in morring.” *~* “Don’t scare me like that!” “I was perfectly safe; Gr’ndelz would never have soiled his teahouse with a body.” “He had a kriffin’ disruptor, Calrissian. He’d have just swept the ashes out.” “Don’t be silly, he’d never get rid of the smell. Hey. Hey are you…? Crap, Bo, you’re crying. Come’ere.” “Don’t scare me like that.” “Shh, I won’t, shh. I’m all right. I’m all right.” Chapter 17 : Escapees Summary: Imprisoned by the Empire for Treason, two men have just made good an escape. Notes: I have drifted into Star Wars Rebels territory Warnings:This is pretty much an AU. There is, if you're of a mind for it, a very very faint whiff of Kalluzeb It took Kallus a few minutes to catch his breath. He couldn’t quite believe that the escape plan he had hatched with a voice in the dark had actually worked. But they were on a stolen freighter, and well on their way to somewhere the Empire would not find them. He turned in the co-pilot seat to finally get a good look at his co-conspirator who had just done the same thing. He had guessed clonetrooper from the concordian accented voice; the man had sounded very much like the clonetrooper that Zeb and his fellow rebels had adopted. This man still had a head full of thick curly iron grey hair, except for a patch that was growing back in and would eventually cover the fresh scar on the side of his head. He had another fainter scar curling around his left eye. Kallus held out his hand. “I’m Kallus.” They had agreed not to exchange names until they escaped. Both agreeing that knowing a name would make a failed attempt or only one of them managing to escape the Imperial Prison worse. The old clonetrooper stared at Kallus’ hand for a moment before grasping it with both his hands. “Cody, I was called Cody.” They both grinned widely, and impulsively hugged one another. They were, for the moment, free. “Where do you want to go, Cody? Cody looked blank for a moment, then tiredly answered. “I want, I want to find the Rebellion,” he gave Kallus a grim smile, “I have a lot to make up for.” Kallus nodded, understanding. “I do as well. I have,” he considered what to call the Lothal rebels, what to call Zeb, then settled on, “friends in the Rebellion. We’ll start there.”