There is no emotion A rhythmic beeping thrummed against your skull, opening your eyes you saw only a blur, the sharp antiseptic stinging your nostrils, something familiar close to you, you peered sideways, there’s machinery all around with readouts that you couldn’t quite make out, beyond it someone sat there, straining forward, your force senses were as muddled as your mind, weak and fuzzy, but it was undeniable who sat there, “Ben?” you croaked, the form gasped and you saw black as unconsciousness washed over you. It was unknowable how long you had slept, as you floated towards consciousness your body became real again and everything ached: your midsection, leg, head, and there it was again like thorn in your mind, you thought you’d imagined it, a fever dream maybe? That presence, you hadn’t felt it since you left the academy, before the attack but you pushed those thoughts down, all of your friends had been killed by that monster, you couldn’t deal with that pain. You’d heard Ben had been killed, mourning him for months you lost much of yourself. You’d continued studying as best you could on your own but you had never gotten very far. Your mind wandered from the topic at hand but when you saw movement from the corner your focus snapped toward it. “B-b-ben?” you said. The figure stepped into the dim light that radiated from over your hospital bed, his imposing form seethed hate and malice as he stared down at you, light catching on the silver portions of his mask. You shrank back involuntarily, “No,” you whispered softly. “Finally,” the modulated voice sounded agitated. You recognized him, Kylo Ren, it was impossible not to, Jedi Killer, the monster that had killed the last of the Jedi. You whimpered softly as his hand came down to your wrist, fingering the leather bracelet there, tears fell from your eyes. “Do you know why you’re here?” rasped the metallic voice making your blood chill. “Yes,” you sobbed softly, “Now I know why he’s he’s here, get it over quickly,” your hands felt heavy as you raised one to wipe away a tear, you didn’t want this monster to see you crying. He seemed taken aback by your statement. “Your vessel has been lost, nearly all of the crew gone, we pulled you from the wreckage,” he continued, puzzlement nearly coming through the modulator. “Why do you think you’re here?” “Torture, death...” you trailed, “make it quick, he’s here for me. I’d much rather see him again than talk to you.” You closed your eyes, Ben had come at the hour of your death to lead you to the netherworld. You could almost feel the confusion coming from behind the mask. “There are others more valuable slated for torture,” he paused, “your abilities, however; are keeping you alive.,” he lowered his mask to your face, “see that you don’t make me regret sparing you.” You didn’t know how or why you had angered him but it flared, deadly, it nearly burned. He turned sharply and stormed out, the door sliding closed behind him. His words settled over you oppressively, he knew about your force abilities even if they were undeveloped. A sob wracked your form, suddenly you wished you had died with the others, your parents had withdrawn you from the school needing help at home, your abilities were so miniscule it was pointless for you to continue, it made more sense to leave and contribute rather than continue to waste their credits on a future you wouldn’t qualify for, with a heavy heart you left and didn’t look back. The door slid open again, a medtech entered, “We’re going to move you to a bacta tank, this will be your second immersion,” you blinked. “Second?” he nodded, he pressed a button and your bed lifted from its mooring, it hovered behind him as he pulled you through the door and down the long gray hallway. “Kylo Ren has commanded that no effort be spared to bring you back to health, so that you may begin training.” You started shaking, what could the Jedi Killer want with you? You started sobbing watching the lights pass by overhead. The medtech brought you to the bacta room, cylinders with occupants floating in the thick liquid surrounded you but the sixth in the middle stood empty, yours. The other tanks contained your shipmates, one you recognized to be the captain. You started to struggle, the beeping increased a heart monitor you realized as the machine confirmed the panic racing through you, the medtech turned, withdrawing a syringe he injected something into the iv, you settled almost immediately, your limbs became suddenly immovable, you whimpered. “Don’t fight it,” he said, “you’ll only slow down the progress you’ve already made”. You mumbled, your mouth not working correctly, “Several days, maybe longer,” he said passively, he began undoing the medical gown you had on and untied the leather bracelet on your wrist. Trying to protest you moved your hand but he held it firmly, “It will be returned to you after the treatment,” he patted the top of your hand. Then attached straps to your arms and around your chest, while an EmDee droid fitted you with immersion garments their purpose was an unpleasantness you didn’t want to think about. He swiped his fingers across the data pad and the orientation of the room changed. You felt like you were floating, the drugs were clouding your senses again, you were floating you realized as the straps dug at your armpits, the straps had repulsor lifts on them. It lowered you into the bacta tank slowly, it was warm and oddly relaxing as it engulfed you, you realized that the pressure on your face must be a breathing apparatus, despite being submerged you could breathe but that hardly stopped the drug dulled panic that had set in. Time became unreal, you moved between conscious and unconsciousness fluidly occasionally you could see through he distorted tank walls, medtechs scurrying around, EmDee droids checking vitals and administering medicines, sometimes you felt it, Ben’s presence, once you thought you saw him on the other side of the tank, his hand splayed against the outer wall. Why is this happening Ben? You asked silently then you heard a response: You’ll understand soon. You shook your head as your hair floated around you like a strange cloud. Why could you see him? He didn’t look like a force apparition, Master Luke had described them as translucent blue tinted, insubstantial. Ben looked solid. The drugs you told yourself, you heard the beeping increase, you realized you must be sobbing your breaths coming short. The EmDee bot injected something into the port on the tank and everything faded again. Something pulled you to the surface of consciousness, you could feel your muscles tensing and releasing, slight at first then painfully, in waves everything tensed and released, everything burned, you were being lifted you realized, your muscles reacting to the shocks still twitching and jerking. Feeling heavier than you’d ever felt you realized you had been lifted out of the bacta and were now being lowered onto another hover gurney this one painfully solid and plastic, you whimpered as cold jets blasted against your skin, water washing away the slimy substance, the bacta coated garments were removed, you were then placed on a softer bed and dressed in a fresh medical gown, your eyes swam you were being moved again the movement turned your stomach you felt the need to vomit but nothing came up. A pair of hands turned you to your side as you continued to dry heave. You blacked out again as a finger touched your temple. Awakening you felt clear minded, nothing seemed to cloud your senses, you raised your hand the leather bracelet had been returned as promised, you could feel your body as you did a mental inventory, everything seemed sore but respond. “Good you’re awake, we can begin discharge protocols.” The medtech helped you sit up and you winced, “Still sore?” you nodded, he gave you a red pill and a cup of water, you looked at him questioningly, “It's just a muscle relaxer, muscle stimulation can sometimes leave you sore but your internal injuries show a 90% restoration, over the next two to three days you should come back to 100%.” Nodding you downed the pill and water. After running diagnostic and reaction tests he cleared you for release, then helped you into a hover chair and then escorted you to a guest quarters. “Guest quarters?” he nodded. “You’re a guest of Kylo Ren,” it made you shudder.The medtech showed you how to open the door, “It has already been set to your biometrics,” he explained demonstrating the scanner. Murmuring a thank you took a step into the quarters, but found that you were not alone. Kylo Ren stood at the transparisteel viewport gazing outward, a chill ran down your spine, Jedi Killer your mind supplied as the confusing presence of Ben pinged against your mind, you looked around for any sign of him, “Please sit down, you must be exhausted.” said the harsh and metallic voice. Taking a seat on the bed you drew your legs up and shivered as you pulled the blanket around yourself, “Why am I here?” you asked trying to keep the uncertainty out of your voice, your mind chanted Jedi Killer over and over. “You will begin training once you’ve been cleared for physical activity by the medical staff, that is why you are here.” the voice sounded flat. “You’re not going to k-kill me?” you shuddered, your force powers were not enough to bother with. “You’re rather dense,” he said, “so long as you don’t disappoint me me, no I won’t kill you.” the threat hung in the air. “I’m not strong in the force, it’s why...” tears threaten to form. “It’s why you left, yes I know,” regarding you he began to pace, “you’re reaching out, what are you trying to sense?” “There’s a familiar presence,” you started but your head began to hurt from the exertion, “if I’m not dying or to be killed, I can’t figure... it doesn’t make sense.” “Search your feelings,” you didn’t want to follow any advice that the Jedi Killer gave you, he sighed. “I really dislike that name,” he sounded bored, “search your feelings.” Closing your eyes you tried, but you kept coming up with the same answer, Ben, opening your eyes Kylo Ren had stopped in front of you, his gaze unwavering through the glass of his helmet. “No,” you whispered. He moved his hands to his helmet, the latch clicked and a hiss escaped as he removed the mask. “No,” louder this time, “NO,” you almost screamed it. “No Ben-” he held up a hand. “Control your emotions.” you shook your head. “You can’t be Ben.” It had been a long time but you recognized the sensitive eyes, the lips, the face, he looked older, his jaw line had filled out, a scar crossed his face curling under his right eye and continuing down to his jaw. “Ben Solo is dead.” “In so many ways you are right, I destroyed Ben Solo. “ “Ben why?” he shook his head, “Ben, you killed everyone, you’re “ the Jedi Killer your mind supplied, “you wouldn’t hurt anyone, you,” you remembered the kind boy who had nightmares, you remembered your first kiss beneath the trees. “Your sentiment is a weakness,” but you couldn’t stop there, your mind recalled memories flooding you with emotion, “Control yourself,” he said his brow furrowing. You were crying in earnest now. “Oh Ben,” you sniffled trying to control yourself, but failing completely. You stood wanting to flee but your body gave out and you crumpled. He stood there watching you, his expression disgusted. “Get back in bed,” he said flatly. You tried to stand but couldn’t gain footing the muscle relaxer rendered your movements useless. He sighed crossing to you, easily sweeping you up. Hiccuping you pressed your face to his shoulder and neck, he tensed at the contact. You took comfort in his arms around you even if that was not their purpose. He shifted your weight back and forth, “Y/N, It doesn’t happen overnight, you must build walls one by one, close yourself off from sentiment. It’s the only way you can unleash your true power, and in time you burn it out of yourself.” You felt it, his buried pain for just a moment, but then it was gone, “Ben,” you whimpered, he sat you down gently on the bed. Without thinking your hand came up to caress his face, he frowned. “Please,” you said softly, “please just for tonight,” he shook his head, you cried harder. He let out a long breath, “Just until you go to sleep, and” he grasped your face, “only this once.” You nodded laying down. He didn’t join you as you’d hoped, he sat next to you, “roll over, put your back to me.” You complied. He pulled you flush against his hip, the contact brought you a small amount of comfort, he stroked your temple and back over your scalp. You sighed, his fingers running through your hair, brushing through it gathering it and spreading it out on the pillow. “Like fine silk,” he remarked, as he curled strands around his fingers, “I had forgotten how soft your hair is,” he said as his fingers threaded through it brushing your scalp, you sighed softly, his fingers now brushing the nape of your neck and spreading down to your shoulders with firm gentle pressure working out the knots the muscle stimulator had left. Working down your shoulders to your blades he found a painful knot and worked it out with his knuckles, you groaned softly, “too deep?” he asked but you shook your head, he worked down to mid back his thumbs rubbing up out and down in circular motions along your spine. By the time he had worked his way down to your lower back he had wrung out all of your tension and you found your eyes too heavy to keep open. He stood, leaning over you, the ghost of a kiss to your temple, “In twelve hours we’ll start your training.” Had he actually kissed you? Your body too relaxed and over stimulated you slipped into sleep, “Good night Y/N.” and the doors slid shut. Chapter 2 : There is Peace. Summary: Training begins and Kylo Ren learns about what's happened in the years since you saw him last. The next morning you awoke to find breakfast on the table by the viewport, after eating you noticed clothing had been placed on the chair by the bed. Tight fitting black pants stretchy by the feel of them and a dark red tunic with a black wide banded leather belt, you fingered the braid along the edge, the whole outfit looked exactly what you would have worn at the academy. Slipping into the black leather boots with all to familiar buckles,you realized Ben had recreated your ensemble from the last day he saw you. “Sentiment makes you weak,” you muttered strapping the boots tight, “more like you have more sentiment than you want to admit.” You pressed the panel on the door way and it slid open smoothly, stepping into the hall both ways looked the exactly the same, closing your eyes you tried to call upon the force to find Ben, two decks down you felt him, you shuddered, using the force felt wrong, you shrank back from it, you weren’t strong enough, or good enough. Your skin felt like it was crawling, nevertheless you headed towards Ben finding a lift and rode it two decks down, rounding the corner you found him speaking with Stormtroopers. “Impressive,” he said, the modulator taking all inflection out of his voice. “You tend to stand out Be-” He raised his hand, “No, you will address me properly.” He excused the stormtroopers. You frowned, you weren’t calling him Kylo Ren, “Properly?” He let the silence hang for a moment expecting you to take the initiative. “You may call me Kylo Ren, sir, or master.” “Master? That’s not likely... Sir.” He made a noise. “You referred to your previous teacher as master, it would only make sense.” He turned and began walking as if dismissing the conversation, “follow me.” You sighed striding behind him. “Today,” he said leading you into a room with cushions, “we’ll work on meditating and manipulations, perhaps stretching, nothing too physically strenuous yet.” You started rubbing your arms that much use of the force would have your skin prickling burning, you felt sick. “I don’t know how much progress we’ll make, you remember, I’m no-” He spun around, “You will do your best,” he said firmly, it sounded more like a command than reassurance. You took a seat across from him once he settled, “Clear your mind,” you did, you dealt with each feeling and emotion as they surfaced anxiety, panic, fear, uncertainty, anger. You couldn’t let go of this one, you kept trying but your face got hot. “Focus on it,” he said the metallic voice almost translated a hint of passion. Your brow furrowed, the anger radiated, anger for the murdered, your parents death, your hands started shaking. “When?” he asked. “About a year ago,” your voice shook, your planet in flames. “What were you doing there?” You could almost pickup, concern? “We lived there. We farmed there, The First Order destroyed everything.” your anger felt like a furnace burning within your chest. “Use it,” he said, “focus it on the metal square in front of you.” You opened your eyes, you hadn’t paid it any attention when you sat down but a smooth metal box sat between you, “I’ve nev-” “FOCUS,” he said, the voice distorted. Once your hand extended the cube shuddered, you furrowed your brow, thinking of digging graves, you wanted to crush the box, it lifted, your anger wrapped around it, six graves you dug by yourself. One side of the box crumpled the metal groaning, all of the livestock and crops burned. Nothing left. No home. No family. “Stop.” The voice soft, human, you looked up he had removed the mask, “stop now Y/N.” His face proud but uncertain,”It's too much at once.” You wondered what it would be like to choke him, your anger rose again as you stared at him your eyes narrowing focusing on his throat. “Y/N!” he shouted, but you could barely hear him, you could feel the force pressing you back, you hadn’t realized you had stood. “Release your anger,” his voice even calm. “Why?” Why should you release your anger, you couldn’t lift your arms,”Release me,” your voice cold. “No,” he said softly, “meditate, clear your mind, release your anger.” You closed your eyes, trying pushing it down, back inside, it almost didn’t fit. “That’s it,” you could feel his hand on your shoulder, “close it up, keep it there.” You had boiled down to a seething anger, then you released it as the box closed in your mind. “What were you doing on that planet?” his gloved fingertips raised your chin his face close to yours. “We moved there with my uncle, after our farm failed.” you said softly. “They killed everyone Ben,” tears threatened to fall but you fought them back. “I had to bury them all when I came back from delivering our crops.” He tensed, his hand caressing your cheek. “I’m sorry,” whatever else he had planned on saying died on his lips at your scathing glance. “You did very well,” he said softly, “you’re much stronger than you realize.” You glanced down at the square, two of its sides crumpled in, the top now concave. “I used the dark side of the force,” your hands started shaking, goosebumps prickled your skin. “We’re not supposed to go there,” a tear fell from your eye. “We learned a very narrow view of the force.” You looked at him, your lips quivered, “No, don’t do that,” he said uncomfortably, “don’t let those teachings cloud your judgment. There is light and darkness in everyone, to deny one side completely is to weaken yourself. Embracing your stronger side while finding ways to use the other makes you stronger.” “I wanted to kill you,” you said softly, “I wanted to pull the life from everyone on this ship, I wanted everyone to pay for everything that happened to my family.” His eyes searched your face, “I think we’re done for today,” he glanced down at the square. “You should take this back to your room, to remind yourself of what you’re capable of,” he beckoned to it with the force and it flew to his hand, “soon, you won’t have to call for emotions like this to use the force, it will become second nature. Until then it will be very difficult, it will be very emotional. You must learn to control your emotions so that it doesn’t,” he paused, “ so that they don’t control you.” You felt his control slip for a moment again, his inner rage and pain rolling. “How do I stop when I do lose control?” You looked to him for guidance. “I’ll stop you,” he said, “in time you’ll work out how to do it for yourself.” His hand left your face, “Come.” The command snapping you to attention, “We will eat and then you will rest.” He handed you the cube before putting his helmet back on and then lead the way to your quarters. Once there he ordered food and leaned against the viewport, “ Sit down, rest.” “Take off the helmet please,” he did, “thank you Ben.” He nodded. You sat down on the edge of the bed, your emotions still high. “Breathe deeply,” he said, “if you can regulate your breathing, you will be able to calm down.” Pain had started building behind your eyes, “breathe,” he crossed to you, “Pain?” you nodded, he pressed his thumbs against your forehead just above your brow bones the pressure helped, his brows knit together, “there are pain killers in the refresher.” “Will they help?” He shook his head, “does it ever get better?” “Eventually once you learn how to focus it it doesn’t hurt as much, you’re out of practice.” You could feel something else that he didn’t say. You wanted him to wrap you in his arms, but you knew that he wouldn’t, you also wanted to choke the life out of him for his part in everything. “You’re already learning to control yourself,” he had heard all of your unspoken thoughts. You looked down at the bracelet and away from his gaze, “Ben,” you could feel the tears forming and you knew you wouldn’t be able to stop them, “everyone I know is dead.” He sat down beside you, you leaned against him, he allowed it but didn’t move to comfort you.”We had just gotten our first harvest back, there was a surplus we were going to be okay until the second harvest. My uncle and his children,” your voice wavered but you pressed on, “were so happy to have us, life had not been that good in a long time.” Pain ripped through your chest as you saw their faces, you finally felt like you might be able to move on. “Then Resistance troops came, took up residence in an old rebel base, I don’t know who started the fire fight Resistance or First Order but neither side stopped and neither side helped, both fled leaving the planet to burn. They say,” a sob escaped your lips, “they say that it will be one hundred years before anyone can farm there or live there again, a big ship lost core containment.” It had been horrible, you had hours to bury everyone and get out before the radiation would reach your homestead, you dug four large graves for your parents, your uncle, and the sweet farm hand, then two small ones for the children, something broke deep down and you sobbed hard. A hand pressed against your back, “Breathe, Y/N,” he said softly, the gentle tone unexpected, no matter how hard you tried you couldn't stop the sobs, “If I had known,” he started but his voice stopped as if he didn’t trust himself to go forward with the train of thought. His other hand trailed along your bracelet, “Tell me about the farm.” You couldn’t stop it, you painted a picture of the rolling hills that you farmed on Agamar, the soybean crops that your family produced ,the beast named Cera that you rode across the fields, and you wept for a world that had been taken from you, a future that had been taken from you. Without realizing it you had laid your head in his lap, his now bare fingers running through your hair as you cried and told him everything. The familiarity of it hurt, but you felt at peace, your skin had finally stopped crawling. “It sounds beautiful,” he said softly, “I wish I had seen all of it.” “It's all gone now, my beast, the farm, everything I worked for, everything I built.” The door slid open and a droid left two trays of food, you didn’t feel like eating any of it. “Even the ship I worked on is gone, it finally started feeling like home.” A few more tears slipped from your eyes, “What happened to the crew?” “They’re no longer your concern, put it out of your mind,” he said firmly, it was a command but one you couldn’t follow. “Ben, are they...” you knew they were. “One died in the tank,” he said softly, “the others survived, we questioned them. Two of the younger ones agreed to join us so they were sent to reconditioning.” “The other two?” His fingers stopped stroking your hair. “The captain Ben?” You could feel it in him, the light for just a moment, “He passed away in the tank, he was,” he paused, “I sent his body home to his family. The other two refused to join, one began a fight and killed a medtech both were shot by stormtroopers.” you sighed, the number of people you knew in the galaxy had shrank to three, two shipmates that joined The First Order and now the man you took comfort from. “Why, why did you change your name Ben?” His fingers resumed their course stroking your hair, you’d curled around him taking as much contact as he’d let you have, the tops of your legs pressed against his lower back. “Kylo Ren had no friends or family, no one left.” He looked down, “Ben Solo, didn’t want to go but I had to destroy him, he felt so much,” his voice sounded like it might break it had shrank to a whisper, “the moment Ben Solo died I rose from the ashes.” “You haven’t stopped me from using it,” you said softly. “No, only publicly will I stop you from using that name, it brings you comfort to believe some part of Ben still lives.” The words were cold despite his current position, “Eventually you’ll see the only resemblance is physical.” “Thank you,” your words started, before you could stop them, “thank you for your understanding.” You realized he gave you what he could give. “I loved Ben Solo,” you felt betrayed suddenly by your own admission. He nodded. “I know you did, but don’t mistake being spared for affection, I have need of an apprentice and the force supplied it.” His words didn’t match his emotion, for a moment you could almost feel warmth in his emotions towards you. “Did you ever,” it sound like he fought for each word, “move on?” His fingers had moved to your temple brushing strands behind your ear. “I tried, but I couldn’t,” you looked up at him is thumb trailed down towards the corner of your mouth, “Your face, Ben’s face,” you corrected yourself, “that you wear it—I never got over you.” His breath hitched and he brushed you off his lap, he stood and strode to his helmet. “Eat, then rest, I’ll be back later to collect you for dinner.” He thrust the helmet on his head and strode out of your quarters in a storm of black. You curled into a ball and cried yourself to sleep. Chapter 3 : There is no ignorance Summary: You learn that dinner isn't going to be a simple affair and gain some insight as to how Kylo Ren came to be. Warning there is a mild description of torture in this chapter. Several hours later you awoke to the sound of the door sliding open, Ben stood there, helmet in his hands, his gaze colder than it had been earlier in the day. “You haven’t eaten,” he said his brow furrowing in worry. Sitting up you shook your head, “I couldn’t.” He nodded. You noticed a garment draped over the chair by the bed. “What is that?” “Your attire for the evening,” he seemed annoyed, “use the refresher and make yourself ready, you should find everything you need in there.” Sliding out of bed you shifted your attention to the sleek black dress, “Ben, this is a fancy dress.” “It’s a fancy dinner, get dressed.” He said tersely. You looked up at him. “Who are we having dinner with?” You hadn’t seen anything like it in person, you’d certainly never worn anything like it. “General Hux, Captain Phasma and the commanding officers,” you fought for a breath anxiety rising. “Ben I’ve n-n-ever,” you started to stammer. “You had classes on function manners at the academy, it’s the same, be polite, work your way in on the place setting, call me sir, everything will be fine. Now. Go. Get. Ready.” His voice had turned sharper, you frowned at him but scooped up the garment finding another hanger underneath with underwear, you made a face. “Speak to Phasma if they’re not to your liking, it's all quite expensive, she assured me that would count.” Stepping into the refresher you realized it was much more complicated than the ones you’d been in, chewing your lip you wondered if it would make him more angry if you asked or if you just chanced it. You chanced it. You found the sonic setting, after shaking your head to clear your ears you tried another one that said hot, but that turned out to be a dryer, sighing you tried a few more buttons. You settled for a cold shower with sonic and heat drying. Finding some flowery smelling conditioner you smoothed it through your hair and started taming the knots. After that you pulled on the incredibly complicated strappy underwear. At first you weren’t entirely sure it had been made for your race, but once you positioned the straps in the right places you could see the appeal. Stopping to admire the lines you were glad that they would be underneath dress and not on display, but when you slipped on the dress your stomach fell, it was too much, all of it, you didn’t look like someone who had spent the last year on a freighter ship, you bore a closer resemblance to an escaped twi’lek dancing girl, the solid patterns down the front of the dress and the sheer side panels lined up perfectly with the underwear making it look like an intricate pattern. Trying hard to put the dress out of your mind you turned to the several tubes of make up that lined the counter but really weren’t sure what would look right, the conditioner had left your hair in soft curls so you settled for a little eyeliner and some red lipstick that turned out much darker than you wanted, you frowned but decided this as good as it gets, but found that you couldn’t bring yourself to walk out of the bathroom. “Are you nearly done?” He asked. “Yes,” you said softly looking at yourself in the mirror anxiety again rising. “Come out then,” he said. “No.” “Y/N, we need to leave, come out.” His annoyance became more pronounced. “I can’t,” you said. “You can’t? Are you stuck?” “I can’t seem to move,” he sighed. “Are you dressed?” “Yes,” you took a breath then mumbled, “mostly.” You heard the door panel override being entered and you seriously thought of diving into the shower. The door slid open, he stood there staring at you. His entire body looked tense, his jaw clenched and unclenched several times, it must have been bad. It must have been very bad, you broke out in a full body blush, ”Um, I need help with the zipper,” you said in small voice, he didn’t move for a moment then shook his head a little. “Yes, umm on the back?” you nodded and turned closing your eyes wishing this dress had never crossed your path, he zipped it up, smoothing out a wrinkle his hand lingered a moment on your hip, the warmth from his fingers sinking through the sheer panel there. “I’m impressed,” he said, “you look," he paused, glancing at the deep v-neckline and the criss crossing lines there, “that’s really complicated underwear,” he said frowning for a moment, but then tried to slip a neutral expression back on to his face, "are you ready?” “Yes... well no, I need shoes, I can’t wear boots with this.” He scowled at the boots and then opened the closet finding some suitable pumps, you shook your head, “are there flats?” He rummaged around and came out with some lower pumps.”Those will do,” you slipped them on, “ready.” He nodded, and then opened the door waiting for you to follow as he slipped his helmet on, he held his arm out for you, swallowing you looped your own through it, “Those lines,” he said taking a closer look at the dress, “they’re not all the dress are they?” You blushed deeply. “No, it's the underwear,” the visor helmet inclined, “it's basically sheer,” he nodded, “maybe i should change?” “No, if Captain Phasma picked it out then it's appropriate, we’re already late.” He began at a brisk pace but soon realized you couldn’t keep up due to the limitations of the dress, he slowed but the annoyance seemed to flow off him. Finally you reached the command deck, every thing seemed finer here, the floors a high polished black, the walls textured not stark gray. Your heels clicked with every step, Ben looked at you, “Those are loud.” “The taller ones would have been louder,” he nodded, you noticed you’d stopped at a large door engraved with scroll work, he released your arm and pressed the panel he stepped through the doorway beckoning you to follow. “Ren, how nice of you to join us,” sounded a voice from the back of the room you could feel Ben’s mood sour further. Delicious aromas washed around you and your stomach grumbled loudly, “This must be your apprentice,” you looked up. “General Hux,” Ben said, “this is Y/N.” Hux cocked a ginger eyebrow when you held out a hand to shake his, you slowly retracted it when he didn’t return your gesture. “Y/N? I’m sure I’ve heard that somewhere before,” He grinned his eyes raking over your body, you felt a cold shiver creep up your spine, “I see Phasma’s taste is as excellent as ever,” he said as he sipped a sparkling green wine. Ignoring his comments Ben lead you to the other side of the room, Captain Phasma met you halfway around the room. “Good evening Ren, and Y/N?” You nodded keeping your hands clasped. “This is Captain Phasma,” he said. “Thank you, Captain Phasma,” you said blushing, “this is the fanciest dress I’ve ever worn.” She smiled and winked. “I told Ren it would look very fetching on your form, I was not wrong,” she smiled mischievously, she seemed to twinkle in a slinky silver dress that accentuated her athletic build. “Thank you,” you blushed deeper, ”your dress is incredible,” you said admiring it. “Thank you,” she said taking your hand, “let me introduce you to the rest of the officers.” Ben’s shoulders stiffened, “I’ll return her,” she said over her shoulder, “and please remove the mask, you’re among officers.” He grunted but removed the mask placing it on a table, his expression unreadable as she led you away. “This is Lieutenant Mitaka and Colonel Kaplan,” they nodded as a serving droid offered you a glass of the same wine. Both men watched as you sipped the refreshing wine, you smiled as the bubbles tickled your throat, Phasma pulled you along to a man standing in the corner, their eyes following the pair of you. “This is Vice Admiral Resdox, it’s an honor to have him with us today,” you nodded and the admiral smiled. “Admiral this is Y/N, Kylo Ren’s new apprentice.” “Pleasure to meet you, my dear,” he stuck out his hand and you accepted shaking it happily, he leaned forward, “You’re not the only one here from a backwater system,” he said smiling. Despite your fear of this crowd you smiled genuinely. “Thank you Admiral,” you said softly. “Where do you hail from?” he asked, stirring up your carefully packaged anger but you took a large swallow of your drink to steel yourself before answering. “Agamar,” you replied, the Admiral paled a little and muttered some apologies as he turned to join another group of officers. You could feel Ben’s gaze on you as Phasma ushered you towards the lavishly set table, it appeared to be made of one solid piece of a richly veined hardwood an expense you couldn’t imagine. A speech erupted from General Hux about the might and far reaching resources of the First Order at the end the dinner finally began its first course of hard salads and cheeses, you nibbled at everything trying to be polite but most had strong flavors that made them unpleasant to your pallet. Unless someone spoke to him Ben’s gaze stayed unwavering on you. You watched him cautiously through the meal politely sipping a chilled fruit soup, until General Hux cleared his throat. “Ren!” he said loudly, “I just remembered where I’ve heard that name before!” Ben’s gaze turned to Hux scowling, “Didn’t you have a draz pup named, Y/N?” His smile wicked, Ben’s face impassive. “No, I did not.” He returned to his meal, not sparing you a glance. “Of course you did! I remember that dreadful thing, you were so attached to it. Made a big deal about all the tricks you had taught it. What ever happened to it?” “Ben Solo, had a pet draz, I did not.” Some of the other officers shifted uncomfortably looking from one to another Lieutenant Mitaka seemed the most uncomfortable his eyes shifting back and forth seeming to measure the space between himself and Ben. The question burned in you, you wanted to know what happened but you knew this would not be the place to ask. Phasma changed the subject speaking about the new techniques being used in stormtrooper training, she and Colonel Kaplan filled the silence with talk of tactics and anticipated victories as the serving droids brought out Fodu with green fire sauce which left your tongue tingling. Ben stayed silent, his fury boiling beneath the surface as he drank several more glasses of wine, you tried not to stare at him as you pretended to follow along with the conversation. A course of meats were served next, delicious but reptilian their texture turning your stomach. The serving droid returned several times keeping your wine glass topped off, you zoned out as a pleasant buzz settled in and your face warmed to a light shade of red, you didn’t hear it when Ben spoke to you, you glanced up noticing his stare. “Sir?” You said softly attracting the glances of several officers, when you realized you’d have to be more specific you frowned, “M-master?” The corner of his mouth twitched up as if a grin would form, but then returned neutral. “I asked if you were ready to go?” You nodded gently and pushed away from the table. “Leaving so soon Ren?” Hux’s voice dripped with insincerity. “My apprentice has had a taxing day, her rest is important.” He said guiding you to the door. “But of course Ren,” then his gaze drifted to you, “we all expect great results from this undertaking, see that you don’t disappoint the Supreme Leader, his head isn’t turned as easily by a pretty face,” his sneer made your blood run cold, Ben’s warm hand touched your lower back steering you from the room. The annoyance seemed to lift from him as the door slid shut behind you, he offered his arm to you again and you looped yours through it, glad for the stability you felt light headed after the wine. You didn’t pay any attention to where you were going until you came to a room with an observation deck, the large viewport giving you a grand view of the stars, you gasped as you stepped forward to the railing watching the stars pass by, “How beautiful,” you said softly, the stars captivating you as they always had, you could remember your first space flight to the academy, you didn’t sleep the whole way. First watching the blue tunnel of hyperspace and then the endless canopy of stars at sublight. Ben leaned against the wall, you turned taking him in, you hadn’t realized that his robes were of a finer material than they had been during training earlier in the day, he had dressed for the occasion as well, his under robes seemed to be made of a shiny black brocade with a silver filigree clasp. His face looked troubled, the hint of tears gathered in the corners of his eyes, “Ben?” You said softly crossing back to him, you wanted to hug him, comfort him in some way but you didn’t know if he’d allow it. His hand came forward, caressing your cheek softly you could feel his inner turmoil. “Y/N,” he said softly, his eyes closed, “you can ask about it, it's been on your mind since Hux brought it up.” He opened his eyes again searching your own. Leaning into the caress you asked, “What happened to your pet?" “When Ben Solo joined The First Order,” he took a shaky breath, “he had no one, his training took everything from him, he was complicated,” he looked down, his gaze drifting to the leather bracelet you wore, “but that wasn’t much different from before, he had few friends before he came here, before he,” he swallowed, “changed his life permanently. He was lonely and withdrawn, the Supreme Leader saw fit to give him a pet, something he could latch onto since others wanted nothing to do with him.” His eyes searched yours, “He named it for the only person he knew who accepted him as he was, she didn’t ask him to be stronger or braver,” his thumb caressed your cheek, “so he began to thrive having something to talk to, to hold on to. After about a year he had trained his draz to do all sorts of tricks, respond to force directions, it was going to make a great battle companion. “One day the Supreme Leader asked him to present his prized pet to show him what progress he had made with it. After showing him all the tricks and responses it had learned the Supreme Leader stroked its head and praised it. He took pride in Ben’s achievement, then he said, ‘While you’ve achieved great feats and produced a masterfully trained animal, you’ve allowed sentiment to cloud your judgment. Sentiment caused the fall of the Empire, I can not allow it to destroy you too,’ he then ordered me to kill my pet.” He took a shaky breath as your blood turned cold, you slipped your hand into his, “I refused,” he continued tears now beginning to escape his eyes, you squeezed his hand but he looked over your shoulder the sudden shift in his speech not lost on you, “which turned out to have been the worst option I could have chosen. My pet and I were taken to an interrogation room,” his other fist tightened his glove creaking with the effort, “for three days I was forced to watch it be tortured, listen to its screams as the doctor slowly vivisected it,” he took a deep breath, “they kept me awake with stims so that I didn’t miss a single moment, I learned that disobeying an order would not only be punished severely,but it would be much worse for anything I cared about,” he brought your intertwined hand up between your bodies, “which is why I do not hesitate to fulfill any order given to me by the Supreme Leader, it's the only mercy I can afford.” “Oh Ben,” you said your voice shaking as you wrapped your arms around him tightly. “Ben Solo never left that room,” he said sharply looking down at you, his lips inches from yours, “his memories remind me that the path I’ve chosen takes everything from me for the greater good.” “His memories must be a burden to you,” you whispered. He nodded, “Some more than others,” his hands shifted against you, pulling you closer against him, “this body remembers exactly what it feels like to have yours underneath it,” he said his breath short, he turned pressing you against the cold metal wall, its chill seeping through the sheer panels of the dress, his lips moved to your neck resting against your skin, he felt feverish, warm from the alcohol and anger coursing through him, “You need to leave now,” he said his voice a whisper, his face raising to to yours, “go back to your room,” he didn’t release you. Breath coming in short gasps you closed the space between you and kissed him softly, he pressed harder against you, his lips resting against yours, “you don’t listen very well do you?” Before you could respond his lips captured yours in a searing kiss that set you aflame. Pulling back he rested his forehead against yours, “Leave.” He said releasing you, you could feel the force pushing you forward and away from him, you retreated walking toward the doorway, you turned to speak but his lightsaber ignited, crackling as he yelled and began slashing the walls. You fled heart pounding in your ears as the force of his anger hit you, you almost stumbled over your own feet tripping on the edge of the dress. It took you over an hour to find your way back to your quarters, you silently cursed yourself for not paying more attention on the way there, you had to stop a stormtrooper to ask for directions, his gaze kept drifting below your face but he eventually gave you directions back to the guest level of the ship. Once in your room you stripped out of the dress and changed into a nightgown that provided more coverage, sighing you laid down, your fingers tracing to your lips where he had kissed you. Suddenly you felt his presence, you sat up, he was outside the door, you walked over to it, placing your hand against the door. Your hand moved towards the panel but you felt him back away and retreat down the corridor. You pressed your face against the cool door trying to let go of your frustrations, slowly you turned and crawled back in bed. Pulling a pillow into your arms and burying your face there, you were determined not to cry yourself to sleep again. Chapter 4 : There is Knowledge Summary: Reader begins physical training and spends some time getting to know Captain Phasma. Notes: Some warning there is a description of an anxiety attack in this chapter. When you awoke something felt off, you couldn’t quite put a finger on it but it left you feeling hollow. Shrugging it off you decided to get up so you could join Ben for today’s training. Opening the closet you searched for something appropriate to wear, you were impressed by the selection, there were outfits for all climates in a few different color selections, but training clothes out numbered them all, you weren’t sure if he he’d picked it all out but some matched your tastes too well for anyone to have come so close. Wrapped up in thought you almost missed the small foot locker in the corner, you were stunned, this came from your bunk, its contents were everything you had left in the galaxy: a photo album, your mother’s jewelry, family birth records, some childhood treasures, and a lightsaber with power cells that were probably depleted from long disuse. You laid a hand atop it not wanting to open it lest you open the gate and mourn the rest of the day. Eventually you’d have to retrieve the saber but you would wait until you were ready. After dressing you sat on the meditation cushion in the corner and reached out, you searched the decks above and below,straining to reach the command deck, you weren’t sure exactly how big the ship actually was but you stretched out as far as you could but you couldn’t find him. Pulling back you shuddered as your skin began crawling, you closed your eyes meditating lightly trying to release the anxiety it stirred in you, focusing on breathing slowly in and out, bringing your self to a tentative calm to prevent the panic you knew may set in. You were focused on stilling your shaking hands when the door slid open, your eyes snapped up to see a silver clad stormtrooper step into your quarters, you stood shakily. “Can I help you?” You asked nervously. “Good Morning, Y/N, I trust you slept well?” The modulator only distorted the voice fractionally. “Captain Phasma?” Your spirits lifting at the familiar voice and presence The trooper inclined its head, “Yes, I slept very well.” You paused, you wanted to ask about Ben but you weren’t sure if it would be appropriate. Seeing your indecision Phasma asked, “Are you unable to locate your Master?” She sounded almost impressed. “Yes, it’s as if he just isn’t on board.” You closed your eyes again, stretching out slightly. “He isn’t, he has been sent on a mission by the Supreme Leader,” you felt deflated, “he should be gone for approximately 5 standard days. During that time you will be under my command, I will handle your physical training in his absence.” You nodded, he hadn’t told you, “Ready?” she asked. “Yes Ma’am,” you said and followed her out, it was a long trek to the training facilities, much farther than you had gone the previous day. The sheer size of the ship overwhelmed you, again you had greatly underestimated the size of it.. “Is the Finalizer the largest ship you’ve been on?” She asked idly, you nodded. “I didn’t imagine a ship could be so large... well I know the Death Star must have been larger but, I can’t actually wrap my head around its size.” You could feel a swell of pride from within Phasma. “The Finalizer is our flagship, so far the largest in the Resurgent Class,” you nodded amazed, “we will begin with calisthenics you will report every morning at 0500 to train with my troopers,” you nodded, “after that we’ll move to sparing and battle simulations. After calisthenics today I will give you a fitness test to see where we need to go, I have your medical scans, our goal is to increase your skeletal muscle by 10 percent.” You were taken aback, “Even a force user must have a strong base, I believe Ren says the connection to mind and body are indisputable. The more you train your body finer attuned your mind will become. Now join the ranks.” She gave a shout and white clad stormtroopers lined up. Forty-five minutes later you were laying on the deck panting trying anything to regain your breath, “I see we have a lot of work to do,” Phasma seemed disappointed but you were too exhausted to care, every muscle burned. “Ma’am,” you said breathlessly, “I should be okay in a few moments,” you closed your eyes trying to remember how to enter restorative meditation. It took a few moments but your breath slowed and you felt a cooling sensation spread across your body, your breaths cooled your muscles and skin as your mind calmed. You felt the force surround you and muscle by muscle you relaxed them allowing the force to strengthen them. Opening your eyes you still felt fatigue but felt like you could take another round. Phasma’s Helmet cocked to the side, “Do you feel ready to continue?” She asked, you nodded and fought to ignore the crawling and tingling in your hands. If callisthenics were bad the fitness test nearly killed you. After completing it you immediately vomited and laid back on the floor. “Do you require medical attention?” She asked, you shook your head and tried to meditate again. Calling upon the force you could feel the anger building but you fought it down, you shrank back afraid to unleash anger without Ben there to force you into submission if it took control again. “Ma’am, I just need a few moments and I’ll be ready to continue.” She nodded, “I’m impressed by your determination, but you must know your limitations.” You nodded fighting to gain a sitting position, clearing your mind again you slipped into the restorative state. The bustle of the training room faded away as you aligned yourself again, soothing and strengthening each muscle. Time slipped away from you, when your eyes opened Phasma had returned, “Y/N?” Phasma said firmly, you stood. “Yes Ma’am?” “Your sparing partner will be TW-2974,” the trooper stepped up and you matched him at the sparing line. Phasma tossed you a practice sword, testing its weight you swung it close to your body to either side testing its weight, unsure of what would happen you fell into active stance one. The trooper advanced thrusting his force pike, he struck out but you deflected it easily. Circling him you moved for a body blow but he side stepped it swinging his pike wide trying to catch you in the face, at the last moment you ducked low and swiped his feet out from under him. Standing you reached a hand out to him in assistance you could feel his anger as he slapped your hand away and stood, shaking his head he attacked again, you a parried whipping your practice sword around, the blade stopping at his neck. He backed up and returned to his beginning stance waiting for you to make the aggressive strike, swinging out you managed a fierce glancing blow and his weapon swung wide left almost falling from his grasp, he tried to recover but you whipped around and knocked the weapon up while landing a kick to his midsection. He made a growling sound and charged you, you took the blow full bodied using his weight and momentum against him flipping and slamming him hard into the deck. You were panting but you offered him your hand and this time he accepted it. Later after several rounds you walked to the water fountain and took a long drink resting your forehead against the cool metal back splash. “Despite your level of fitness your sparring skills are adequate, I will put you up against some of my better stormtroopers tomorrow.” “Yes Ma’am,” you said breathlessly, you didn’t know if you could survive a second day of brutal training like this, but you realized you had at least four more to go, you groaned inwardly. “Report back to your quarters for rest, you may either take dinner there or in the mess hall this evening.” “The mess hall?” You knew there had to be one or more on a ship this size but you hadn’t given it any thought until now. “If you’re unaware of where it is I will send a trooper to guide you this evening.” “Thank you, Ma’am, that would be very considerate.” She nodded in dismissal and you began the long trek back to your quarters. Once there you collapsed on the bed. All of your garments were uncomfortably stiff with sweat and you didn’t want to think about the smell, you sighed, fighting off drowsiness you stood and staggered to the refresher. Trying a few buttons you finally found the hot spray, stripping you stepped in groaning loudly as it hit all of your aching muscles. Tomorrow would be torture and you didn’t look forward to it. Mentally you prepared yourself for the muscle soreness, no amount of restorative meditation would stop it, it only delayed the effects of fatigue. You washed and stumbled out of the shower groping for a towel you glanced at the mirror, you looked thinner, not by today’s training, but your time in medbay must have trimmed 10lbs off your body possibly muscle atrophy. You wondered how long you’d been on this ship. Finding a robe hanging in the refresher you slipped it on, you were tempted to pass out on the bed but you knew you had to stretch otherwise you’d never make it out of bed in the morning. Searching the closet you found a suitable outfit that you could rest in and wear down to the mess hall, selecting black pants and a sleek matching tunic you smiled if you were going to be Kylo Ren’s apprentice you might as well look the part. After putting your hair up in a simple pony tail you pulled out an exercise mat and began moving through the different meditative poses Master Luke had taught, sinking in you felt your mind quiet and the hum of the ship fall away as you moved through the different positions, your heart lifted as all thought and emotion drained out as you held and stretched deeper into arch pose your fingers finally aligned with your feet on the floor. An odd sensation brought you out of meditation, it almost sounded like a bell, turning you noticed a light flashing by your door’s panel, you pressed the panel and it slid open revealing a stormtrooper on the other side. “Hello?” You said softly, looking around for a chrono in your quarters, but you couldn’t find one. “TW-2974?” “Yes Ma’am,” he said shifting nervously, “I’m here to escort you to the mess hall.” “It can’t be dinner time already, how long ago did we stop sparing?” You asked confused. “About 4 hours Ma’am,” he said nervously, you frowned, “is there something wrong ma’am?” “No, I just lost track of time,” you replied, “you don’t have to call me Ma’am you know.” His shoulders hunched. “Yes I do, Captain Phasma said we are required to show you the same respect we would show Kylo Ren.” “I see,” you said trying to hide a grin, “thank you for the respect,” He nodded and began walking, “and thank you for not going easy on me today,” you said, he turned looking at you. “I could say the same, but i’m sure that was you taking it easy on me,” he felt resentment you sensed. “No hard feelings?” He shook his head. “No offense ma’am but I saw you struggling earlier, why were you so effective at sparing?” “Ah,” you said, smiling, “fighting has always come easy for me, saber training is something I enjoyed.” “A trouble maker?” You laughed softly. “Not usually, only when a friend pulled me into something,” you smiled remembering the antics you and Ben had pulled,“it was usually just harmless fun,” but the trooper didn’t think so. “Dissension in the ranks weakens the unit cohesion.” You nodded. “That can be true but a little fun will help the unit as well, but we weren’t soldiers really, just Jedi in training.” “We’re here ma’am,” he said splitting off to join other troopers, you could feel his relief to get away. You sighed, you hadn’t planned on eating alone. You walked up to the serving line and collected some protein and carbohydrate cubes and a green desert, the food Ben had ordered for you so far had been better much better. You sat down at an empty table and poked at it until your stomach grumbled enough that you tried it grimacing at the the taste, you longed for the Fodu from last night, the memory of the fire sauce brought a smile to your face. “Y/N,” Phasma’s voice sounded from behind you, “Come to the officer’s dining hall, your rank is high enough to warrant better food.” You deposited your tray in a waste receptacle and followed her to the officer’s dining hall. Frowning you started to ask why everyone didn’t get better food but decided to swallow back the questions and ask Ben when he returned. “I told Ren I’d keep an eye on you while he’s away.” “Any word from him? On how his mission is going?” She shook her head as she removed the helmet and sat it on a table, then motioned for you to sit with her, a server came up and offered a few selections, you picked a chicken dish and Phasma ordered a steak. “You need to increase your protein intake,” she said idly, “it’s important in muscle building.” You stuck out your tongue and she chuckled throwing a napkin at you. “I’m serious.” “I will, starting tomorrow I’ll increase my protein intake.” “By 50 %,” she said, eyebrow raised. “That’s too much,” she laughed again, “fine,” you said agreeing, “I’ll increase it to that unholy percent.” “Wonderful!” she said cheerfully, “Now a lightsaber is listed among your effects that were pulled from the damaged ship, do you know if it's still functional?” You took a hard breath. “I’m not sure,” you tried not to let your anxiety show, “I haven’t turned it on since I left the Jedi academy,” you said coolly. “I see, well if it works please bring it tomorrow, I’d like to have my stormtroopers train blasters against a lightsaber.” You nodded, you hadn’t thought about the fact that your training could be used to counter force sensitive combatants, your stomach turned. “It will give us a real advantage if the scavenger has had any real training.” “Scavenger?” You said around a mouthful of potatoes, “What scavenger?” “The one Ren’s been hunting, she nearly killed him last time.” She said distractedly flipping through items on her data pad. “He’s not hunting her now is he?” She nodded not looking up, your pulse quickened, “by him self?” “He’s not going to engage until he has back up,” she said looking up at you, “he’s just trying to nail down her location.” It sunk in, that’s why you’re in training, you were expected to help him hunt down another force user, you felt dizzy. “Are you okay?” “I’m fine, I think I just need some fresh air.” The familiar crawling came back, Phasma raised an eyebrow. “On a spaceship?” She said to your retreating form as you hurried out into the hallway searching for somewhere with a view port. By the time you found one the pain had started to bloom in your chest, your breath came in sharp gasps, and your skin felt hot, focusing you tried to control it. You wanted to scream and jump up and down but all you could do is look at the stars. You closed your eyes imagining the constellations above Agamar building them one at a time in your head but it didn’t work. You opened your eyes watching the stars sail past. You took calming breaths after a while the pain lessened and chills took over. You closed your eyes and pressed your face against the cold transparisteel of the viewport. When you finally stopped shaking you walked back into the dining hall finding Phasma still engrossed in her data pad. “Better?” “Yes,” you murmured as you started eating your now cold meal. “Should we start weight training?” You asked changing the direction of the conversation. Phasma looked up, “I had planned on it over the next few weeks, you need to get your muscles trained for strenuous activity again before starting that. Body weight will be enough for now.” You nodded, “I’m glad you’re taking the initiative.” She said with a hint of pride. “I need to be ready for whatever is ahead,” she beamed, “I’m going to head to bed,” you said softly, she nodded, “see you at 0500,” you said as you walked away but then you turned, “but one question, where is the chronometer in my room?” “There isn’t one but you should find a data pad in the drawer beside your bed, it has all the controls for your room including alarms and messaging.” You nodded and muttered your thanks, you had some work to do before you slept. Arriving at your room you headed straight for the closet, it turned your stomach thinking that someone went through your foot locker and cataloged everything. Your hand smoothed over the lid, it didn’t seem as sacred as it had earlier. Opening it you found everything in its place, the black and silver hilt of your lightsaber glinting in the dim light. Grasping it you felt its weight in your palm, standing up you walked to the center of your room visually gauging your distance from all of the furniture, your thumb rested against the red ignition button, you closed your eyes and pressed down lightly,the familiar hum and snap of your blade igniting. Opening your eyes you stared at the brilliant cyan blade. Switching it off you opened the energy cell compartments inspecting the power field conductors and diatium power cell, no corrosion, smiling you switched it back on and experimentally spun it over your head. It still felt like a natural extension of your body lifting your thumb it extinguished itself. Returning to the closet you looked for a belt that could hold the lightsaber but you found that all of the belts Ben had provided had belt clips that would fit the wheel of your saber. Sighing you hung it from the belt, it felt right, like a piece of you had been returned. Unhooking the saber you slid it under your pillow. Chapter 5 : There is no passion Summary: Ren returns and the reader argues with a droid. I'm really terrible at summaries. The next several days all passed by in much the same way, training, sparring and sleeping, each day left you more exhausted than the last. by day four you were sparring against the best of the stormtroopers and deflecting bolts from up to 10 stormtroopers at a time. As always Phasma watched from the sidelines, every movement cataloged in preparation for counter movements. You could feel her study you as you fought, her counters implemented slowly were effective even TW-2974 managed to land a pretty hard blow which made him the hero of the day. Phasma praised him for his actions all designed to take you down. It wasn’t personal and you shouldn’t hold it against her but you just didn’t have that knack. You played nice and ate dinner with her every night, she wasn’t bad company, she really seemed to like you but you couldn’t shake the feeling that she’d kill you if ordered. Some of the other officers started joining you two, Lt Mitaka among them, although he kept his distance after he noticed the lightsaber hanging from your belt. You wondered if you made too quick a movement would he panic? Would he fire at you? Probably not, he looked terrified, they all did to be honest. Surrounded but all alone, is this what Ben feels? Absolutely alone but surrounded by people who were terrified of him, he played into it of course, amping up the menace and hate so that even those without force abilities could feel it. Someone laughed, you’d been too lost in your own thoughts to hear the joke, but you smiled anyways, even though you were sure it resembled a predator baring its teeth to your current companions. On the 5th day you were exhausted, Phasma had mixed in laps, you kept up with the troopers but you wondered if you could still force sprint, grinning you tapped into the force and felt your self propel forward gaining on the faster troopers you slowed again releasing the force, you kept alternating until you’d overtaken some of the faster troopers while laughing wildly. They were all past being impressed by you, most had moved on to begrudging respect but more than a few were just put off by you and the things you could do. You were about to circle the pack when you felt it, Ben had returned, you stopped dead on the track and the troopers scrambled to move around you. Walking slowly across the room you made your way to Phasma. “Y/N!” She shouted, “Rejoin the ranks!” she began to say but her data pad beeped and she glanced at it. Cocking her helmet to the side, “I see, you’re requested on the flight deck, but I believe you already knew that.” You nodded, “I’ll be joining you in the welcome party.” “How long do we have until they land?” You asked out of breath. “Twenty minutes at most,” she looked you up and down, “Stop in the refresher and fix your hair,” she said coolly, “Don’t give me that look,” you could feel the smile behind her helmet. “Quickly now, we’ll only just make it.” You ran into the refresher and threw some water on your face and took down your hair smoothing it, using a towel you washed what you could without undressing. Gauging yourself presentable you hurried back out to her, “Much better, not quite a strappy dress but you’ll have Ren’s attention.” You scoffed, “Make all the faces you want, you’re good for him.” “I don’t know what to say,” you were speechless. “I’ve known him for many years, I’ve never seen him the way he is when he’s with you.” “I don’t think it's like that between us,” at least not any more, you thought, “I’m here to be his apprentice nothing more.” “That’s a shame,” she said, you could feel her gaze on you, “I suppose I assumed there to be more than there is, but he’s mad if he doesn’t at least consider it. I wouldn’t kick you out of my bed.” You blushed a deep shade of red, which earned a chuckle from Phasma, “Fifteen minutes, let's go.” When you arrived at the flight deck hundreds of stormtroopers were lined up in block formations, the number felt overwhelming, were they all on this ship? You felt dizzy at the the sight, Phasma seemed to puff up with pride, a black ship came through the magnetic shield, its two wings contracted as it landed folding completely once it touched down. The gangway dropped, steam hissed you could hear him before he emerged, boots thumping on the gangway then his presence washed over you. Tired, aggravated, disappointed, then his gaze passed over you, you felt a hitch and his mood lightened your own heart skipped a beat or three. He and three storm troopers crossed to the welcome party as a man in rich robes followed behind him he seemed to be complaining to anyone that would listen, the stormtroopers seemed annoyed as well as one hung back to listen to his complaints. “Welcome back Kylo Ren,” said Captain Phasma, he nodded to her, his gaze slid to you. “Welcome back Master,” you said softly, you could feel his grin on the other side of the mask. “Senator Ro-Kiintor, this is Captain Phasma and my apprentice Y/N,” the senator nodded then turned to Ben. “Where is General Hux, I had been assured he’d be here to welcome me.” “The General is attending other business but will be joining you this evening.” Captain Phasma said smoothly. Two black clad officers stepped up, “Lt Mitaka will escort you to your quarters,” Mitaka stepped up and bowed, his nerves looked shot, you could feel his general terror at the whole situation. Having you, Ben, and now a senator proved to be too much all at once for him. He led the senator away as the nameless officer followed close behind, the senator’s complaints could be heard until they left the landing bay. Your gaze remained on the door until Ben spoke up. “I trust my apprentice has followed all of your commands Captain?” “Yes, she has also made great progress, I wouldn’t mind continuing her physical training if you wish.” Phasma said with great measure of pride. “Perhaps, however I have a specialized training regime I would like to start her on soon.” Phasma seemed disappointed. “Unless you’d like to continue training with the Captain?” Realizing that they had both turned to you for an answer you stammered, “I’ll do whatever you decide is best sir.” You could feel Ben’s relief, Phasma felt slighted but didn’t’ show it. “Follow me,” he said curtly. You turned and followed him from the flight deck back through the ship and onto a lift. He stayed silent, you worked on keeping your thoughts to yourself. “You’re quiet,” he said, his voice oddly soft through the modulator. “I’m tired Ben,” he nodded. When the lift stopped he led you back to the mediation practice room, you became uncomfortable, you didn’t know how much control you’d have after the beating you’d taken this week. He turned and removed the helmet. You heart jumped a little at the sight of his face without thinking you hugged him tightly. He didn’t react at first, but as the moment stretched into a few he slowly wrapped an arm around you and you fought back tears. Ben stiffened a little, his arm curling a little tighter. “Are you alright?” His voice soft, you shook a little. “I’m sorry,” you said into his shoulder, “I just didn’t realize how lonely it was, without you here.” Luckily you were able to fight back tears. “You missed me?” He sounded unsure, he felt surprised. You nodded, he pulled away a little, his hand tipping your chin up. “There’s a bruise on your jaw.” “Training,” you said softly, he ran his thumb over it. “Has anyone been mean to you?” His voice turned a little sterner. “No, they’ve treated me with respect.” He stared down at you, “Phasma assured me of that.” He left a lot unspoken, but he seemed to pick up on your feelings. “I see,” he sighed. “Don’t let their fear get to you.” You nodded, you weren’t blocking your feelings as well as you had hoped. “Phasma says she saw progression,” he motioned to a cushion and you took a seat, “please tell me about it.” “I have been working on awakening some of my abilities,” his head inclined. “Which ones?” You breathed steadily,just talking about it shouldn’t trigger it, you took a few deep breaths. “I force sprinted,” you said softly, he nodded, “I also used force push, I think I can force leap. I also managed restorative and healing meditations.” This all seemed to please him, “Your anger?” You took a few more deep breaths. “I kept it locked away I didn’t know...” You stopped looking down at your hands. “You were afraid it would take control?” You nodded, “That was wise.” His gaze stayed on you, “You seem anxious.” “I used too much of the force, it’s hard for me to keep the anxiety under control.” He reached out and took your hand, his thumb smoothing over your palm. “It feels like crawling and tingling?” You nodded, he turned over your hand and tracing back of it. He pulled off his glove and repeated the action, you frowned. “Trust me,” he said softly, running his fingers over your wrist and forearm. "What do you fear when you use the force?” “I don’t know, it just isn’t right to use it.” He rubbed a little harder his fingers applying a firm but gentle pressure. “It just feels like I need to keep it hidden.” A tear escaped your eye and rolled down your cheek. “To stay safe?” He said, his voice gentle. You nodded, “You need to release those fears.” He pulled off his other glove and started to massage your other hand, working up your forearm, “Close your eyes, call upon your fears. Your fear of the force, the fear that you’ll be hunted for your abilities.” You shuddered at those words and the implications behind it. He stopped, “I didn’t hunt you.” Your eyes snapped open, “Close your eyes, call on your fears, I’m here to guide you through this,” your breathing became shallow, “don’t panic, breathe.” He had both of your hands in his, “focus on your fear,” you did it felt suffocating, you felt like it choked you, you gasped trying to pull your hands away. He held your hands tightly, “fight through it,” his voice firm, “trust me, you’re safe.” You fought to breathe, you felt light headed, the fear crushing you, hide you’ll be safe , you took a shaking deep breath and fought to focus, you felt safer, “Hide you’ll be safe.” You opened your eyes, “It's all I remember, since then any time I’ve called on the force or opened myself to it, it feels wrong.” He brushed your knuckles with his thumbs, “Where did you hear it?” You shook your head and shrugged. He sighed, “You need to release it, you’re making progress, the headaches are normal but the fear and the anxiety, it's not something you should feel. Did you feel it at the academy?” You tried to remember but couldn’t quite remember, “It's all so fuzzy. I wasn’t strong enough or good enough to become a Jedi Knight, so I left.” He seemed lost in thought his eyes closed for a few moments as if trying to call up memory, when he opened them his hazel eyes searched yours, “I don’t remember you being weak, the things you’ve been able to do without guidance this week shows your strength. You need to release this fear so that you can advance.” “Ben,” you said softly, “I can’t do this.” You were shaking, his hands released you. Thinking that you had disappointed him your head hung low, instead he moved in front of you on his knees and took you into his arms, you sobbed hard and he held you against him allowing you to press your face against his neck as he cradled your head. When you stilled he pulled back. “You’re exhausted,” you nodded wordlessly, “Phasma has pushed you too hard physically this week, I’m not sure that you’ve fully recovered from everything. Go to your quarters and rest, we’ll resume training tomorrow.” He didn’t release you immediately and you relaxed into his arms letting the stress and fear drain from you. You looked up at him, his face remained unreadable.He released you without warning and you stood, you wanted to speak but you didn’t have the words express your feelings, dejected you left the training room and headed to your quarters. Sprawling out on your bed you laid there for a long time but sleep didn’t come. You sighed stretching out, you felt, well you weren’t sure how you felt. It was all too confusing. Why couldn’t you remember exactly what happened? Some things were fuzzy, but somethings weren’t. You could remember friendships and some of the training. Missions were a bit unclear, especially the last few months. You could remember leaving, it hurt a lot, you tried to remember the last day. You remember Ben talking to you but you couldn’t remember exactly what he had said. Where were you when you learned he died? You stayed in bed for days after finding out. You sighed, maybe you had brain damage? Your injuries had been pretty severe when they pulled you from the ship, you weren’t entirely sure how long you’d been in bacta or even the extent of the repair they had done. You were trying to make sense of it when pain ripped through your chest, you grunted fighting the urge to scream you panted loudly. You sat up, nothing seemed to hurt when the pain ripped through you again, you made a strangled noise, your skin didn’t hurt, but you could feel pain. You took a deep breath, after a few moments when the pain hit you you could withstand it knowing it didn’t originate from you. Where did it come from, you reached out trying to find the origin of the pain as the next wave hit you, two decks down and one section over, close to the practice room. You stretched out further, “Ben,” you said out loud. Walking through the halls you tried to sense him, the pain had gotten worse and you could feel the terror rolling off of him. Finally you found his quarters, you could hear muffled sounds from the other sides but the door panel remained locked, frantic you looked around, a service droid turned the corner, “You droid! Unlock this panel,” it beeped a response, “Yes I know whose quarters this is,” it gave a low response, “I'm afraid there might be a medical emergency.” It rocked back and forth nervously, “if it's not a medical emergency I won’t tell him who opened the door,” it argued,”Well what happens if he finds out you could have let me in but you refused and it is an emergency?” It clicked and booped nervously, “I’m sure he won’t think twice about slicing up a droid.” It seemed to shudder with terror then beeped a rude response before extending its probe and unlocking the door. It turned and fled squealing about how you were going to be deactivated by Kylo Ren for disturbing his charging cycle. You stepped in, it wasn’t completely dark, “Ben,” you said softly but you heard a groan from the bed and a fresh wave of pain hit you.You walked over to him and sat down beside him he whimpered as his head moved back and forth.You touched his shoulder and you got a flash of an older man speaking to him, he looked dead, something about him looked too familiar. He had Ben’s features, the realization shocked you, snapping out of it you shook him, “Ben wake up,” he moaned loudly as he gasped more pain hit you, you gritted your teeth, “Ben!” You said bracing through the pain,”Wake up!” You force nudged him a little harder than necessary. He sat up suddenly,his pupils large in the low light sweat running down his face, “You were having a nightmare, it wasn’t real.” You stroked his face, he wrapped his arms around you and buried his face against your chest and sobbed, you held him close and hummed to him as you leaned back against the wall. His breathing slowed and he slipped back into sleep, but then again he hadn’t really woken up. He usually didn’t, if he did it got worse, he’d go for days not sleeping. It was reminiscent of your days at the academy. You continued to hum for a while longer just in case he started to stir again. Once he started snoring lightly you tried to slip out but he had a death grip on your arm and shirt. Sighing you settled in, you weren’t going anywhere until he woke up or rolled over. You ran your fingers through his hair and he sighed softly, pressing his face against you. His arm tightened around you, after a while the warmth of his body and the sound of his breathing lulled you to sleep. Chapter 6 : There is Serenity. Summary: Boundaries are crossed then reaffirmed. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) “Y/N?” Your eyes snapped open, Ben’s face hovered in front of yours, his brow furrowed, “What are you doing here?” Slowed by sleep and the fuzzy remembrance of a dream you struggled to explain, “Ben?” He frowned, “You were having a nightmare, I thought thought you were dying. You were in so much pain and your dream-” “Get out,” he said it softly, you tried to move but his arms were still wrapped around you his weight pinning you to the bed. “I can’t move,” you replied softly. He stared for a long time before releasing you. You stretched stiff muscles and several bones popped loudly then swung your legs over the side of the bed as you pushed off to leave but he grabbed your wrist, “Ben?” “You should leave,” he said, his eyes looked conflicted. “Do you want me to leave?” “It doesn’t matter what I want,” he said more to himself than to you, “you should leave,” he released your wrist. You sighed and stalked towards the door. “Wait,” he said, his voice sounded fragile. “I want, “ you turned he looked vulnerable and scared, “I...” his words fell off, “leave.” You pressed the door panel and started walking back to your room. Filled with frustration over Ben you could feel the anger building inside. His years of isolation had left him so closed off that he couldn’t- but you let that thought die you knew that wasn’t it. Immediately you thought of the story he had told you about the pet. You closed your eyes and leaned against the wall, Ben kept himself away to protect you. You drew a ragged breath, you’d forgotten where you are and who he had become. Since the revelation of his identity you had treated him as if he were the Ben Solo you knew, not the man he had become, you hadn’t even uttered his assumed name or Jedi Killer since then. Who were you going to become if you stayed with him? If you stayed here? You shook all over, they wanted you to hunt others like you. Even as a jedi you knew of the possibility of hunting down other force sensitives, who had lost their way, who had turned, but the instructors and Master Luke had made it clear that anyone could come back from the darkness. Even Vader had in the end. How far would you go to bring him back? You pushed off the wall and made your way back to your room. Collapsing onto your bed and cried, it seemed to be your new constant. Falling back into an uneasy sleep you dreamed of a smoldering fire that rose higher the closer you came to it. The flames started dancing and spreading consuming everything. Leaving nothing but ruins as the wall of flame surrounded you pressing closer on all sides. You could feel it--the fear--paralyzing you. Focus on your anger. You heard the voice from somewhere trembling as the heat of the flame grew closer licking your garments and hair. Use it. You focused on the fear turning it to anger, you could feel the heat from within growing larger than the wall of the flames. Command it. The anger and hate burned in you, lifting your arms you pushed back against the flame with your hate. At first it didn’t move but then it shrieked and fell back, you cut a path through it. That’s it, extinguish it! You could feel it, you had the power to do it! You walked forward pressing the flame back bending it to your will. The walls of the flame shifted making an illuminated path, leading back through the void. In the distance you saw a temple bathed in flame. Find it. Clenching your hands into fists you began walking toward it. “Y/N!!!!” Something shook your body and you pushed against it hard with the force. Something large thudded against the wall and your eyes snapped open. “Lights,” you shouted, and the lights in your quarters blinked on. You squinted against the sudden brightness. Ben pushed himself up off the floor where he had hit the wall. You scrambled out of bed to help him, but he held up a hand. “You were having a nightmare,” he said softly standing in front of you, “it felt like you were being attacked,” he crouched down looking into your eyes, “are you okay?” Your heart threatened to beat through your chest, “I’m okay,” your hand caressed his cheek, “I didn’t mean to,” you said softly. “You were terrified, “ he watched you, “what did you dream about?.” Shuddering you looked down, “Flames, they wanted to consume me.” As your voice started to shake he moved beside on the bed. You leaned against him as his arm curled around you. “I’m here,” he said softly. “A voice spoke to me from the void,” you could feel the hairs on his neck raise. “What did it say?” “It guided me,” you said uncomfortably, “it told me to channel my fear and anger,” he shifted, “Ben I controlled the flames.” A sob escaped you lips. “Did you see anything else?” Closing your eyes you concentrated but the dream had already began to fade. “A temple in flames or made of flames, it wanted me to find it.” “The voice?” You nodded and Ben frowned his arm tightening protectively around you as his concern washed over you, “I’ll need to consult the Supreme Leader about this,” his eyes were worried. “It was just a bad dream Ben.” You said softly looking up at him. “I’m not so sure it was just a dream,” he his hand had a slight tremor to it, “if you saw the temple would you know it?” You shuddered, “Yes.” His jaw clenched and unclenched a few times. “If you have the dream again, do you think you can look for terrain? Something we can search for?” “Again?” You felt gooseflesh rise all over your skin, he turned stroking your face. “If it’s a vision…” he trailed off, “if it is a vision, you may have it multiple times.” He took a breath and stood moving towards the viewport he said, “The force is guiding you: it took you away from your home the day it was attacked, it guided you to the right ship, it led you here.” He turned extending a hand to you, crossing to him you took it. He pulled you close against himself, “Don’t be frightened, you won’t face this alone,” something had shifted in him. His tenderness caught you off guard, you were lost in thought when his lips met yours. It built slowly into passion as his hands pressed into your back, you gasped breaking the kiss. He pressed you against the viewport, “Don’t block your thoughts.” He looked scared and desperate, he kissed you again his tongue slipping out seeking entrance. “I’m not blocking my thoughts,” you whispered against his lips your hands gliding over his back clad in a soft sleep shirt, “I-” you gasped again as his hands came to your bottom and lifted you to the ledge of the viewport, he slipped between your legs pressing against you,”Ben,” his lips found your neck. “Ben, slow down,” you were panting but he didn’t pull back for a few moments his lips finding that spot that sent tingles through your limbs. Then his his kisses softened as he pulled back his eyes met yours. You struggled to drop your barriers, to let him in. He rested his forehead against yours, “Release your fears,” he kissed you softly his hands sliding up your sides resting just below your breasts, “we need the guidance of the Supreme Leader, he will help us find our way.” His blind faith scared you. “If that was a vision, it didn’t come from the light side of the force.” He paused his hands lowered to the hem of your shirt his fingers dancing over the skin there, you sighed and rested your head against his shoulder. “Do you still feel the light?” His fingers were inching up claiming more skin, your mind raced. “S-s-sometimes,” you said fighting for your voice, “Mmm,” he started drawing circles on your lower back, “I can’t.” A soft moan escaped your lips. “You’re going to have to stop t-t-that if you want me to talk.” His fingers stilled his hands resting against your skin. “Thank you,” you shifted against him raising your head from his shoulder trying to regain some composure. “I can feel it sometimes, when the anger isn’t overwhelming I can feel it in the background. Mostly when I’m by myself and I can focus.” “Since I’ve been back,” he paused as if trying to steady himself, “you’ve been blocking me,” he said. “Not you,” stroking his face you whispered, “I’ve been blocking everyone else, I can’t, I can’t take their fear, their unease,” you looked down, “I understand now, why you wear that helmet. It helps you separate yourself from them. “ His fingers tightened against you pulling you closer, “I never meant to block you, it's just reflex-” His mouth covered yours and you felt another barrier in him drop, you felt his passion, his admiration, and his desperation to protect you. It melted your fears and you gave into him completely his hands resumed their course slipping higher, “Raise your arms,” he whispered as he peeled your shirt up and off tossing it to the floor. He gazed at you longingly, “You’re beautiful.” He said it with such conviction you believed it, he pulled his shirt up and over his own head and let it drop to the floor. His hands slid up your thighs to the waistband of your pants and started uniting the lacing, his mouth sought yours again as his teeth nipped your lower lip. You moaned softly as your fingers ran over the dozens of uniform scars on his arms, Ben Solo felt so much , echoed through your mind and you shuddered. You caught sight of a leather bracelet circling his wrist, your eyes snapped forward. He pulled back to say something when his communicator went off, swearing he dug through his pockets trying to find it. “What!?” He said tersely his free hand tracing your lips. “You’re wanted in the projection room,” you felt his body go rigid, “the Supreme Leader requests your presence Ren.” Phasma sounded tense. “I'll be there as quickly as I can Captain.” He clicked off the communicator and leaned in kissing you softly, “we’ll continue this when I ret-” Your view screen started ringing, you stared at it and then back to him, he gestured to the view screen and you clamored to put your top back on before answering, Ben stepped to the side just out of sight. “Y/N,” Captain Phasma said her lack of helmet put you at ease, “You’re requested in the projection room if you don’t know-” Ben sighed and stepped forward as he pulled his shirt back on. “I’ll escort her down.” Phasma smirked, “Make sure you’re both properly attired,” Ben rolled his eyes and turned off the screen, he then took your data pad and furiously started entering commands. “I’ll have a droid bring my garments here,” he said, “find something appropriate.” Opening the closet you started looking. “Appropriate?” You chewed nervously on your lip as his arm snaked around you. “You don’t have to wear anything revealing,” he said, there was almost a chuckle in his tone, “although it wouldn’t hurt,” you elbowed him but he caught it pulling you against him, “wear that one,” he whispered in your year, your gaze following his to a black robe with black and gray garments. “That doesn’t look like more than a crop top and tight pants,” you said your face growing warm as his hands traveled down your body. “It covers more than that dress did,” you were in full blush now. “Who picked it out,” you said running your hands over the fabric, it felt soft yet resilient. “I did,” he said nipping your neck drawing a yelp from you, “you needed to have free movement.” His hands left you as the droid entered and he began dressing in his own robes. You pulled your top off and then your bra, you could feel Ben’s gaze on you, “Avert your eyes,” you said playfully over your shoulder. “Never,” he said staring at your back, “Turn around,” he said softly. “Later, we’re expected,” he frowned but nodded, and finished pulling on his pants and slipping his suspenders over his shoulders, “Suspenders?” you said jokingly. “Freedom of movement,” he said almost shyly. You chuckled and pulled the top on, it ended just before your belly button but offered more support than you expected and pulled on the pants, they were tight, black, and almost shimmered slipping a belt through the loops you attached the light saber. Looking in the mirror you weren’t convinced, “I don’t see where it would offer any protection.” Ben came up behind you his hand splayed across your stomach, “You won’t need any once your training is finished,” you leaned against him. “I don’t look like a Jedi,” you said softly, you looked sith but it didn’t unnerve you as much as it should have. “You were never meant to be a jedi,” he said his eyes were full of lust and pride, the comment should have upset you but somewhere deep within you it resonated. “Come on,” he said taking your hand as you swept up the black robe, “We’re expected.” As you walked through the corridors you took down your hair with the intention of pulling it back up, but Ben shook his head, “Keep it down,” his voice cool through the modulator, his gloved finger stroked a lock, “it’s better down.” Coming to the projection room he pressed the panel, and the door slid open, “Stay close,” he said stepping through. The projection of the Supreme Leader seemed impossibly large, for a moment you wondered if he is human or some giant race, but you knew it was just a projection. Phasma stood in her dress blacks instead of her chrome battle wear as did General Hux, the Senator Ro-Kiintor stood in his rich robes, all three heads turned as you walked to the platform. “Supreme Leader,” Ben said reverently bowing deeply, “May I present my apprentice, Y/N.” “Come forward,” he said, his voice sounded gravelly yet almost entrancing. You stepped forward, pulling up your guard and putting on a calm and superior facade, “Supreme Leader,” you said bowing gracefully. “Stand before me child,” he said. You straightened and stepped to the front of platform. It's a holo-platform you realized. “I sense power in you,” his hand rose as if he could divine through the projection, “power long forgotten.” He looked to Ben, “The Senator has been gracious to grant you use of his summer home on Hevurion, it is isolated, so none shall interfere with your apprentice’s training.” “Thank you Supreme Leader,” he bowed again. “Leave us,” the voice coming from the projection seemed to vibrate the room, Phasma and Hux, turned to leave but the Senator remained until Phasma dragged him behind her, you started to step off the platform but Ben caught your arm and shook his head. You came to his side. “What is it that you have to tell me Kylo Ren?” “I need your guidance Supreme Leader.” he said softly, he removed the helmet, “My apprentice has had a vision.” The Supreme Leader’s focus switched to you, “What did you see?” Taking a deep breath you willed the tremors out of your voice, you told him about the flames, “And you controlled them in the vision?” “Yes, they led me to a temple bathed in flame in the distance, then the voice,” you tried not to shudder, “told me to find it.” He sat back, his expression unreadable, “Ren, have you had this vision?” Ben stiffened, you weren’t sure if it was the informal tone or the question that caught him off guard. “No Supreme Leader but I saw part of it when I woke her.” His jaw clenched.>/p> The Supreme Leader grunted, “How many times have you had this vision?” “Just once Supreme Leader,” you focused on the floor The supreme leader nodded, “The vision is leading you, Y/N. You must find this temple.” “Yes Supreme leader,” you said softly. “This worries you child?” He said his voice growing deeper, you were near tears but remained composed. “You can be truthful.” “I’m worried about what I’m going to become?” Your gaze never left the floor. “You’re going to become more powerful than you ever imagined,” his gaze felt like burned, finally your raised your eyes to meet the projection. “With my guidance you and Ren are going to bring order and peace to the galaxy. Someday you’ll weigh your actions and find that the price is worth it.” “I hope that’s true,” you felt a single tear slip from your eye, you moved to wipe it away but Ben’s reached it first. > “Be careful of your sentiment, your previous relationship puts you in a dangerous position.” Ben stiffened, “Don’t forget the lessons you’ve learned Ren.” “I won’t Supreme Leader,” you felt fear and anger radiate from Ben. “I expect great things from you Y/N, disappointment is not an option.” The projection trembled then stopped abruptly. You heard Ben release a breath. “We have work to do,” he said, his voice flat through the modulator, but he offered his arm to you. Notes: This chapter took a bit to write. I aggonized a bit on howfar to take things between Ren and the Reader, and I came up wiht some pretty pg13 smut for now. I hope you enjoy it. Chapter 7 : There is No Chaos Summary: Training gets underway in earnest, your limits get pushed. Notes: I'm so incredibly sorry that this chapter has taken so long. Real life got in the way: my sister is getting married so a lot of free time has been focused there making decorations etc and my cat broke my laptop screen. I am currently writing this on my tv screen via an HDMI cord, but c'est la vie? Enjoy! As for the chapter it's a little longer than the last few and it's a little bit steamier. I'm still a little apprehensive when it comes to writing the smut so please let me know if it's something you'd like to see more of. There Is No Chaos Concentrating on a duracrete bollard you extended your hand willing it to lift as sweat rolled down your neck and dripped onto the ornate pavers of the courtyard. Closing your eyes you imagined the bollard surrounded by the force lifting effortlessly but it remained obstinately stationary. Between the heat and failure you were in a terrible mood, cursing lowly you imagined the bollard crumpling and pieces of the thing scattering all around. Then you heard a pop as a chunk of it did just that, parts of it flew at you striking your leg. As you limped around cursing you picked up a chunk and threw it back at the bollard your anger flared and you imagined it shooting off into space, the bollard shimmied and hovered for a few moments before landing just off its base and toppling. “Meditate, purify your anger so you can focus.” You shot Ben a murderous glance, your fingers twitched angrily. “Now,” he said calmly. You were pretty sure he had climate control in that kriffing helmet, if not he apparently had ascended beyond human needs. You lowered yourself into a meditative position, legs tucked, hands resting on thighs. You dealt with everything but anger. Dismissing the disappointment, heat, and the general failure you’d been all morning as drew in hate and anger that you couldn’t control one bollard. Not twenty minutes ago Ben had lifted three of them in an angering show of adeptness as he switched them around before resettling them on their bases. When you’d collected enough anger to make your hands shake you stood and stretched out your hand to the bollard, it lifted shakily into the air raising to about 5 foot hovering there. You still wanted it to shatter but you exercised control feeling the force flow through you. “Move it around,” he said. You made it tumble end over end a few times. “Pick up a second one.” You glared at him but attempted to do it. A second bollard shimmied and started to move off its base. You closed your eyes and concentrated until your temples ached, when you opened them the second bollard had joined the first in the air hovering just a few feet off the ground. “Now a third,” your anger flared white hot and you smacked them together with a deafening crack as both shattered into fist sized chunks exploding outward cracking a nearby statue. A few other pieces landed in the fountain with loud thunks. “Are you done with your tantrum?” He asked sounding bored. You turned on him, “I.AM.DOING.THE.BEST.I.CAN.BEN.SOLO!!!” “Then show me your best. AGAIN!” He shouted, the modulator distorted his yell. You were shaking all over but you didn’t turn around to face the bollards, stretching out you lifted three and made them orbit the courtyard. You picked up a bench, a lawn sculpture and statues throwing them into your small solar system, some going in opposite directions threatening to smack together with each pass. “IS THAT GOOD ENOUGH FOR YOU?” You roared a few started tumbling in their orbit raising and lowering to bypass other debris you’d picked up, chunks of the shattered bollards joined forming and asteroid belt between you and Ben. “Impressive,” he said extending only one hand and all of it fell to the ground with a loud crash. “Now, face me,” he said coolly igniting his saber. You snarled and called to yours with the force, it flew to your hand from the garden wall. “Where do you want a new scar Kylo Ren?” You felt him smirk and you ran at him hard determined to wipe it off his face. There was a loud buzz and hiss as the sabers connected, “You’ll be lucky if that mess of circuits doesn’t explode in your hands.” You taunted as he parried and pushed you back with the force. “You’re quite angry,” you could feel his grin and it made you angrier, you felt hot all over. “You’re going to regret that grin.” You pushed him hard with the force and dove at his feet knocking him off balance but he jumped backwards flipping lithely to the garden wall. “If only you could do this while calm,” his sarcasm burned through you. You were going to burn him or dismember him, you hadn’t really decided which. “I heard that,” he said lifting one leg gracefully into a mock meditative pose, “If you can burn me I’ll take you swimming in the lake this afternoon.” “Say goodbye to your left hand Solo.” You said darkly as you stalked towards him force pushing him hard off the wall and penning him to the ground he tried to fight back. You pushed him down hard with your knee. “Above or below the wrist Ben?” “You won’t take the whole hand,” he said calmly. He was right but he didn’t have to be so smug about it you mused jabbing at his arm lightly making him howl in pain. “Find your bathing suit Solo.” You said angrily dropping your lightsaber on his chest then stalked away. Half an hour later he entered your room dressed in trunks and a tank top with a bacta plaster on his upper arm. He had a towel slung over his shoulders, he could almost pass for a tourist except for the scowl darkening his features. You turned to face him, “I’m not wearing these strings.” Motioning towards the bikini you’d found in your clothes. “I don't’ see a problem with it,” his eyes swept over you appreciatively, it made you pause. In the month since coming to Heuveron Ben hadn’t so much as glanced your way. “Yours covers more,” you narrowed your eyes at him. “Next time you can pick one that better suits your tastes,” he said softly, “but believe me this one covers just enough.” You threw your towel at him and he caught it. Later when you were lounging in the water the anger finally left and you regretted burning Ben. After swimming back to shore you found him engrossed in a data pad, you dropped down beside him and laid your head in his lap, he gasped, “that water is freezing,” he said but he didn’t push you away. “When you said you’d take me swimming I thought you’d actually swim with me.” He looked down at you over the edge of the data pad. “I didn’t say I’d get in,” he said softly returning to his work. “I’m sorry for the things I said Ben,” he peeked at you again a hint of surprise in his eyes. “I taunted you until you were furious, you showed real improvement today, don’t apologize,” but his eyes betrayed his feelings. “How’s the arm?” You asked sitting up tentatively touching the bandage, he shrank back a little. “It's still tender,” he glanced at you, “but it's healing.” His gaze lingered on your lips and then came back to your eyes. “I’m sorry I burned you Ben,” it hurt that you’d lost control like that. “I don’t know what came over me. I can’t believe I wanted to hurt you like that.” He chuckled softly, the corner of his mouth drawing up into a crooked grin, your heart fluttered, “I’m just surprised you actually did it. You pinned me today, that’s the first time you’ve overpowered me.” He looked pleased, “Now you just need to learn to control your abilities so you can do this without having to be pushed to the edge.” You nodded and leaned against him but he stiffened, you were back to square one. Slipping your hand into his you steeled yourself, “What happened Ben?” Your other hand stroked the matching leather bracelet he wore. He glanced at both touching as your arms twisted around each other. “To keep my promise, I have to stay aloof, I can’t be Ben Solo.” You looked at him, puzzled. “I take my oaths seriously, I took my oath to protect you long before I swore an oath of fealty to The First Order.” Your fingers trailed over the braid, “Have you ever taken it off?” He shook his head, “Me either, well not willingly,” you said remembering your time in the tank, you shuddered, his arm curled around you reflexively. “I took an oath that night too,” you said softly your head rested against his shoulder. “I...” he made a noise of discomfort, “you heard what he said.” His breath became shaky, “The training itself, it's going to be brutal, we haven’t even scratched the surface of everything I’m going to have to put you through.” Tears were starting to stain his eyes, “If I let my sentiment get in the way,” he shuddered and you wrapped your arms around him. “I can take it,” he shook his head, “I can.” “You don’t understand,” he took a breath to steady himself, “part of your training,” he stroked your face, “I’m going to have to do terrible things to you.” In this moment, he was Ben, “I can’t do it to you, I-I-I-” you kissed him softly. “Shhh,” you whispered, “That’s the sentiment that he’s talking about, he’s afraid that if we’re close you won’t be able to do what you have to.” His eyes were unsure, “I can take whatever it is. Ben,” your voice became firmer, “trust me,” he pressed his forehead against yours. “We have to be strong, we’re always stronger together.” He nodded. “We’re stronger together,” he said. He pulled you into his lap. He stroked your face mournfully, “We’ll start tomorrow then,” he sighed, “training is going to intensify physically and mentally.” “We’ll deal with that tomorrow,” you kissed him again, “today, we’re going to swim.” “No,” he said softly, almost pouting, “every time we swim you dunk me.” “I will not dunk you.” You said smiling. “You’re a terrible liar,” he said nuzzling your neck, “eventually we’ll have to do something about that.” “I won’t dunk you Ben.” You said suddenly serious. He sighed, “It’s freezing.” He stated eyeing the lake suspiciously. “It isn’t so bad if you get your body wet all at once.” His eyes narrowed but he finally gave in, you jumped up pulling his hand to help him up. “There’s an incredible abundance of force power in the water.” He perked up, “What does it feel like?” You could feel his curiosity increase the closer you came to the water’s edge. Toeing the water experimentally he shuddered, “That is colder than I thought it would be,” he looked at you. You winked and took off running into the water jumping and diving under, he sighed and followed suit cursing loudly as he broke the surface. You giggled and splashed him. “It’s not that bad Ben, come on follow me, the swimming will warm you up.” He grumbled but followed until you came back to the area just before the wooden paddock, you slowed and closed your eyes. “Do you feel that?” He floated beside you, his limbs outstretched, “I’ve never felt anything like it,” you glanced at him. He grinned and closed his eyes looking content. “It feels like...” You trailed off trying to describe how it felt. “Home, like fulfillment,” he said softly. He opened his eyes and watched you levitate a large globe of water from the lake, a small fish darted back and forth breaking through the bubble and jumped back into the lake. He grinned, “I didn’t know you could still do that.” “Neither did I,” you smiled and passed him the globe, the globe quivered but he quickly caught it adjusting his movements. He watched the glimmering ball of water moving it back and forth and eventually passed it back to you. Raising it high up you controlled it as long as you could until it reached the edge of your influence and willed it to burst. The droplets shimmered all around like tiny prisms as they rejoined the water. It all seemed so magical, like no time had passed between you. You floated just enjoying each others company until your skin started to prune. You grinned turning to him, he started to ask a question you but you grabbed him and dunked him suddenly, he came up scowling, “I dunked Kylo Ren,” you said giggling, “ I only promised not to dunk you Ben,” he seized you wrenching a squeal from your throat and dunked you forcefully. It didn’t phase you, you came up giggling, “Come on, let's go rest over there,” you said smiling. The pair of you swam to the paddock, the warm wood felt fantastic against your chilly skin, you started rubbing your hands against Ben’s arms to warm him but he pulled you close pinning you against the wood. “I’ve missed you,” he said softly, trailing kisses along your jaw and down your neck, the force seemed to surge around you, “I,” he seemed afraid smothering whatever confession he had started to make against your lips. You felt the change in him, since the lakeshore he seemed more his old self. You realized the energy that surrounded both of you could only come from the light side of the force, you reveled in his kisses as your hands searched his chilled flesh. His smile seemed brighter than the sunlight. “I’ve missed you too Ben,” you said softly as he nipped your throat turning your words into soft moans. His fingers grasped the strings to your top pulling gently until they untied. “Ben,” you warned, but he captured your lips as he removed the garment. He palmed your breasts and you arched into his touch. He pressed against you, his penning you with his weight. The sensation had you gasping against his lips. He pulled back, “Do you want me to stop?” His knee pressed between your thighs making you moan while pressing against it. “No,” you panted pulling his face back to yours, he chuckled. “Are you sure?” His focus switched to the tight nub of your nipple, his mouth searing the cold flesh. “I doubt we’ll be interrupted out here.” Your hands went to the band of his shorts as you started tugging them down, he grinned helping you push them down and off his legs. He started slow, kissing and moving against you, slipping lower and lower, his lips brushing your chin, your neck, and collarbone. He stopped for a long while at your breasts, slowly sucking and nipping at first one breast then the other until you were whimpering. His hands slid lower finding the strings of your bikini bottom, pulling them slowly as he worked his way down your abdomen, kissing the space below your belly button then he seized the top of the bottoms between his teeth. He started pulling them down agonizingly slow smiling up at you when he froze, then you felt it too. He cursed loudly pulling his trunks back on as he passed you the bikini top. You tried but couldn’t get the strings tied, he slapped your hands away and began tying your top as you re-tied the bottoms. He scowled, after assuring your top had been tied securely he said, “come on,” and dived off the platform, you followed him swimming as quickly as you could. It would be close but you might be able to beat the shuttle as it dropped from the atmosphere. You didn’t recognize all of the signatures but one looming and powerful signature could only be the Supreme Leader. You ran at top speed behind Ben towards the estate force sprinting in bursts. “Change into something suitable,” he yelled over his shoulder as he ran to his room. Skidding to a stop at the closet you pulled out one of the cropped battle wear Ben seemed fond of in dark red and slipped into a pair of black scaly leather pants that shimmered in the light. The back of the top seemed to be all strings but somehow the front had support and held your bust in place. You looked in the mirror, it made you look like a warrior from some wild world, you pulled your hair back away from your face with clips and left the back down, the lake water making it curl dramatically. You walked into the hall the same time as Ben, he stopped his breath catching, “Impressive,” he said softly and you blushed. He’d changed into long black robes with dark red stripes along the hems. His own pants seemed to be made of a similar reptilian scaled leather. “We match,” you said, he nodded and extended his arm to you. You linked yours through his and calmed yourself pulling up every mental guard you’d developed over the last few weeks. “Don’t be nervous,” he said softly, “Likely he’s just dropping into see your progress.” Ben carried his helmet under his arm but didn’t put it on. As the shuttled lowered in the courtyard several signatures began standing out, Captain Phasma’s among them. The Supreme Leader’s signature loomed from behind the gangway. The Hatch hissed and lowered Ben bowed deeply coming to one knee, you followed suit lowering your head and kneeling beside him. “Rise Kylo Ren, “ the Supreme Leader said, his focus turned to you, “And Y/N, rise my child.” You rose slowly bringing your eyes up last. You steeled yourself, not allowing your hands to tremble. “Quite beautiful and fierce,” you inclined your head to accept the compliment. “Ren’s reports say you’re making more progress than he expected.” “Yes Supreme Leader,” you said softly. “Do you still doubt your abilities?” “With your guidance, I doubt nothing Supreme Leader.” Ben’s coaching had paid off as you parroted the response but you were afraid to meet his eyes. “Kylo Ren is teaching you well,” you felt his fingers touch your chin lifting it, “While I’m here I will instruct you myself.” You trembled slightly cursing yourself as you did. “You’re right to fear me.” It was a simple statement but it sent your heart plummeting. “Ren,” he said sharply, “Show me to my rooms I wish to rest before dinner.” “Yes, Supreme Leader,” he led the Snoke into the Villa towards the master bedroom. You turned to Phasma, “I’m so happy to see you Captain.” She pulled you into a tight hug. “As I am to see you Y/N,” She eyed your appearance, “Something you picked out?” “Hardly, Master Ren has yet to take me shopping, I’m still wearing the things he purchased.” You blushed. “They suit you,” she said appreciatively. “Y/N this is our lead interrogation specialist Doctor Brandar Leobla,” he bowed. “Welcome to Hevurion,” you said almost extending your hand but remembered the First Order members were rarely receptive to it. “My pleasure,” he said, his cool demeanor set you on edge, “I can’t wait to begin your interrogation training.” Your stomach turned slightly, Ben had warned you many unpleasant and horrible things awaited you, “I hear your training is the best,” you lied meeting his eyes. “My reputation precedes me I see,” he seemed placated. A servant of the villa appeared, they shifted uneasily, “Please show the new guests to their rooms,” the servant seemed unsettled by all of the unannounced visitors but she showed the Brandar and a few of the others to rooms on the other side of the villa. “You can have your pick,” You said to Phasma, she pulled off her helmet wiping her brow. “Thank you, any rooms the coolest? This planet is unbearably hot.” “They all have climate control, the rooms with lake views are the coolest. Master Ren and I have rooms in that wing.” “We’ve brought a few storm troopers a few more will land to guard the perimeter later,” You nodded and motioned to another servant. “Yes Ma’am?” he said his eyes cast down. “Please show Captain Phasma’s troopers to their bunks so they can rest.” He nodded and the five storm troopers followed him, one’s gaze remained on you for an uncomfortable moment you recognized his presence, “Good to see you again TW-2974,” the trooper stiffened then nodded, you could feel the unease roll off of him as he hurried to catch up with the other troopers.After a month of only seeing the odd scurrying servant you’d forgotten what it would be like to be surrounded by people who were terrified of you. “Let me show you the wing, you can have your pick of those rooms Phasma.” She nodded and followed you making small talk. “This is perfect,” she said taking in the room, a droid followed behind bringing in a large chest. She walked out onto the balcony, “That lake is gorgeous, is it safe to swim in?” “Very safe, only small fish and no apparent predators,” she grinned. “In this heat that will be refreshing, do you enjoy swimming Y/N?” “Very much so,” you didn’t realize how much you had missed Phasma, despite her calculating nature she made easy company. “How long will you be staying?” “I’m not sure, the Supreme Leader requested I accompany him, I believe we’ll be here a few days, he wants to get a clear picture of where you are in your training.” You nodded, “Don’t be frightened, he’ll guide you and make you a better warrior for it.” Phasma started stripping off her armor, when she motioned to you. It took a while but with your help she finally shed some of the larger pieces. She sighed finally getting down to the under suit and she quickly sloughed it off and slipped into a light robe as the droid hung up her clothes. “Besides, I believe he’s going to be giving you and Ren a mission to complete when he leaves.” You felt cold, you knew it would be the temple. He expected you to find it, “Do you know what it will be?” “He didn’t say.” she said idly toying with a few outfits, “but I’m sure it will be challenging for you both, testing your ability to work together. He’s excited to have two enforcers, I know that much, he has big plans for you two.” She pulled out a dress, “What do you think of this one?” “It's lovely,” it was sheer black lace. “What are you wearing for dinner?” You shrugged, you and Ren hadn’t really seen much of each other after training sessions today had been an exception. You either ate quickly in the kitchen or he had servants bring trays to your rooms, normally you both were exhausted after training. “Come on, show me,” you motioned to what you had on. “That’s training or mission wear, let’s see what you have.” She grabbed your hand and drug you to your room across the hall. “I didn’t think about dinners being events,” you said softly as Phasma pulled out several candidates. “This one,” she said softly, it was black silk at the top that faded into a light gray at the bottom held together by black metallic clasps, “the slits here,” she pointed to the slits at the sides and front, “will make it billow as you walk.” She then dug out a belt and a strapless bra. “yes, this with your black cloak over it, that will look downright regal.” You both turned at a soft knock at the door. “Ren!” she said, pulling him into a hug, “I’m just helping her pick out an outfit for tonight, what will be having?” Ben stared at you as you fingered the fine silk, “I spoke to the head of servants, he thinks he can pull together a meal worthy of the Supreme Leader tonight, but he’ll need to do shopping tomorrow to continue to produce grander fare for him. He’s going to surprise us, apparently Ro-Kinntor mentioned a few of the Supreme Leader’s favorites to him when he told him we’d be staying here for a while. Is that what you’re wearing tonight?” He asked softly. “I think so, Phasma is helping me pick out something appropriate,” He walked over and inspected the fabric. “Bit more conservative than your usual tastes, isn’t it Phasma?” She grinned. “We’ll your apprentice likes a bit more coverage I’ve noticed, besides it's a show of respect, I plan on being less flamboyant tonight as well, the Supreme Leader does like conservative dinners.” She winked and sauntered out of the room, “I’ll leave you two for now, as I understand it we interrupted some very important training.” You blushed scarlet, Ben went red from ear tips to toes, “Later,” you said softly looking at the garments before you. Ben brushed your hair over your shoulder, “He knew what we were doing,” he kissed your neck softly, “don’t try to hide anything from him. He hasn’t forbidden,” he paused, “he hasn’t forbidden us so far, he said if it pushes us farther being... close like we were,” he swallowed, “he’s taking it into consideration.” You frowned, “So we’re under a microscope, just like old times.” His hand slipped into yours, something he hadn’t done since you were children, “Master Ren,” he seemed shocked by his chosen name on your lips. “He knows that you call me Ben in private, he didn’t approve at first, but he says if it makes you trust me, trust the First Order, to continue.” His eyes were soft, he didn’t want you to stop. “Ben,” you corrected, he seemed to relax, “I’m going to be tortured tomorrow.” He looked at you stiffening he sat down on the bed pulling you with him. “I know, the Supreme Leader told me when I showed him to his room,” he kissed your fingers gently, “you’ll be given information to memorize tonight, you can’t let him have any of it,” he seemed torn. “I can take it Ben,” you said softly, a tear had escaped his eye, you wiped it away, “don’t show it, only show it to me,” you said softly, “I’ve broken so many of my bones over the years in accidents.” Ben seemed taken aback, “If he breaks a few fingers I’ll be okay, I’ve had worse.” “It won’t be anything that extreme, it's just a simulation.” “It may be a simulation but I felt his mind, Brandar Leobla likes pain and he’s excited to try it against a force user.” You tried not to shudder. Ben’s face grew darker, “I didn’t realize he brought Leobla,” you leaned against him pulling him closer, his head rested against your chest and you reclined. “Is he the one?” Ben nodded. “Yes, I haven’t been face to face with him since, it must be why the Supreme Leader asked me to show him to his rooms. They had me heavily drugged he knew I wouldn’t recognize Leola’s presence.” Ben’s heart rate increased. “You’ll need to be in control tomorrow Ben, you can’t have any outbursts,” he nodded, you could feel the storm inside him raging. “Can I request that you’re not allowed to watch?” But you knew that would be worse, it would show more sentiment, it would show your weakness as well. “No,” you said softly, “Remember we’re stronger together.” he nodded, you both relaxed back onto the bed and held each other until you dozed off. You woke up to Phasma touching your hand, “It's time to start getting dressed.” You nodded and dressed quickly, Phasma helped you arrange your hair. Phasma looked amazing in the tight lace dress with a black slip dress underneath. Walking into the hall you met Ben, he looked immaculate in his robes, gray and black, just like yours, “This is turning into a pattern,” you said smiling, the corner of his mouth threatened to form a lopsided grin but he pulled it back to a neutral expression. He extended an arm first to you then the other to Phasma, who took it graciously. Once in the grand dining room he seated both of you placing you to the right of Snoke and Phasma second to the left, Ben took the closest left hand seat. He stood when Leobla and the other officers entered, his anger spiked but he pulled it back softening his expression then ignoring the man completely. You felt TW-2974 enter, outside of his uniform he was very dashing. He had light brown hair and eyes, he had a healthy tan and a striking build, he smiled taking his seat next to Phasma who smiled warmly back to him. He squeezed her hand softly and settled in focusing on his place setting as if this were the last place he wanted to be. Your gaze drifted to Ben who raised an eyebrow in amusement, he shared your surprise at her display of affection. You wondered if it was just physical or if they were in a relationship. Lost in thought you missed what had been said to you, “Y/N,” Ben said softly and tilted his head towards the Snoke. “My apologies Supreme Leader, I let my thoughts drift.” “It is alright Y/N,” he took a sip of wine, “we all drift from time to time, I asked, what are you feelings towards the training you’ve received?” You smiled softly, “It's strengthening me daily, someday I hope to be as strong as Master Ren,” you took a sip of your own wine. “He challenges me to do things I didn’t think were possible.” “He told me the rearranged court yard was your doing, I’m impressed.” You blushed, “He also told me you bested him today,” Ben shifted uneasily he hadn’t expected the Supreme Leader to divulge that information to the whole dinner party. “It was a lucky shot,” you said softly, “if I hadn’t been that angry it would have never happened.” Snoke seemed to look into your soul, you shrank back from his gaze but only fractionally, likely only Ben and Snoke noticed it. “Trust your anger, its purification will help you focus.” The servants brought in the first course and you picked at it, digesting his words, it was the same thing Ben had been saying to you but somehow the words had more gravity coming from Snoke. You had to admit, despite your feelings towards him he had the gift to inspire. “I will Supreme Leader.” He seemed satisfied, he began chatting with Phasma about her troops she responded animatedly charming everyone at the table. TW-2974 seemed to beam with adoration until he caught you looking his way and he settled back into the seat his demeanor souring. Ben caught your glance and stared down the table at him, he seemed to shrink down in the chair and you giggled softly trying to cover it with a cough. Ben smiled and drank more of his wine. Snoke seemed to catch your exchange. “I hear you landed a pretty nasty punch on Y/N a few weeks ago TW-2974, are you willing to test your skill against her now that she’s had more training? I hear Phasma has implemented new training procedures to help the Stormtroopers counter force attacks.” Snoke leaned forward waiting for his reply. TW-2974 seemed to deflate under the scrutiny of the entire table, “If it pleases the Supreme Leader I’ll happily battle anyone he chooses.” Snoke smiled, the ruined side of his face stretching grotesquely. “Excellent we’ll have a battle between the two of you before we leave and we’ll see who’s training has better prepared them.” TW-2974’s jaw clenched several times before he downed the wine in his glass, a servant quickly refilled it. You felt rather than saw Phasma squeeze his thigh, it seemed to comfort him, “I think a battle will be great entertainment.” She smiled, dazzling everyone, “Not to doubt your prowess TW-2974 but she did take on 10 troopers at once before she left us. I believe the rest of the troopers that accompanied us might even out the odds.” He nodded begrudgingly taking another long drink from his wine glass. You noticed everyone drinking heavily, Ben must have been on his 5th glass of wine, he looked flushed as he downed the remains and gazed at you across the table, you quirked up your eyebrows, caressing his hand with the force, he grinned and motioned to the servant for another glass. Desert had been served you didn’t notice it until the fog rolling off of it chilled your hand. “Careful,” Ben said watching you, “when you scoop it on to your spoon wait until the fog dissipates, otherwise you’ll burn your tongue.” Following his advise you scooped some of the green liquid onto your spoon, the fog curled off of it until it solidified, you looked to him and he nodded, you tasted it and immediately closed your eyes. “What is this called?” You asked, your eyes still closed savoring the flavor. “Its super-chilled denta bean ice cream,” Snoke said, “it's one of my favorites.” You opened your eyes, “Do you find it to your liking?” You smiled, “It’s the most decadent thing I’ve ever eaten,” you said. The Supreme Leader chuckled, “The tip of the iceberg my child, the tip of the iceberg,” his gaze lingered on you longer than you liked. The dinner party continued for a while until Snoke disbanded the event by retiring. Phasma and her companion staggered to her room their giggles echoing down the hall as Ben walked you to yours, he lingered in the doorway placing soft kisses on your lips and neck. “Stay with me tonight,” you whispered as he folded you into his arms. He nodded as he pressed kisses into your hair, he stumbled forward as you guided him towards the bed. You helped him undress, pulling off one boot then the other, finally clad in only his underwear you pressed him back, he relaxed against the pillows watching you slowly strip out of the layers of your gown. You slipped a night gown over your head and turned to him. A large grin lopsided grin graced his face and your heart skipped several beats, he motioned for you and you crossed to him climbing in beside him on the plush bed, “You look content and adorable,” your hand splayed across his chest. Pouting he pulled your hand to his lips and kissed the knuckles, “I’m never adorable or content,” he said but you could feel the truth behind his emotions, he pulled you tight against himself, “I wish this moment could last forever.” He said drowsily snuggling against your neck while his fingers intertwined with yours. He started humming softly to himself as you stroked his hair, he quickly fell asleep with a small smile on his lips. Your limbs felt heavy as you snuggled into his side you were nearly unconscious when you remembered the packet of information that had to be to be memorized for tomorrow’s training. Disentangling yourself from Ben you walked over to the table by the door and retrieved the packet. Settling on the cold marble floor you flipped through its contents and started pulling out pieces. There were mockups of different ranking officers a few, missions and their objectives, secret bases, and ship schematics. The previous jedi training you had received allowed you to skim each page and commit it to memory. After three or four pages you flicked back through them in your memory when suddenly you felt cold all over. They had given you pages not information on a data pad, it made you uncomfortable how much the First Order already knew about you. Your hands tingled and you pressed them against the marble willing the anxiety down. Closing your eyes you focused on the schematic of the y-wing: its transponder codes, the faulty convert on the starboard shield, and the illegal aftermarket cannons. You rebuilt the packet in your mind running through each page as you laid down against the cool marble stretching out with the force to the rooms around you, you set shields in your mind building the outer shield first intentionally the weakest, there you left the ship schematics, in the next level you hid the ranking officers most of their records would be public and you didn’t need to protect their identities, in the next level you hid the transponder codes for the different vessels. On and on you ranked the information in importance and sensitivity. You doubted they’d use a mind probe given Ben’s ability to extract whatever he wanted but you prepared yourself none the less for tomorrow’s torture, you shuddered rising slowly from the floor you drifted to the balcony and gazed at the stars. Things were going to change tomorrow, you felt like you were faced against a precipice; one that divided your life into before and after. After tomorrow there would be no turning back you would be on this path no matter where it led you. The feeling wrapped itself around you nearly smothering you, when you looked back on your life and tallied all up would it come out to be the better path as the Supreme Leader had promised? You turned back to the bed looking at Ben’s sleeping form, he shifted moaning softly in his sleep. Climbing back into bed his arm instinctively curled around you and you rested your head against his shoulder. You hoped for once you were walking the right path even if it felt wrong. Chapter 8 : There is Harmony Summary: Training doesn't go as expected. Notes: Sorry for the delay, hopefully will be updating each week from now on *crosses fingers* There is Harmony Restrained: it's the only definition you could come up with. Nothing moved not your arms, your hands, or legs, even your head felt strapped down. No matter how many times you blinked you couldn’t make anything come into focus. The only thing you could move were your fingers but only a few inches. Reaching out with the force seemed pointless you couldn’t sense anyone or anything around you, the only thing you could sense was some sort of toxin coursing through your veins. Gagging you tried to turn your head but a hand touched your shoulder. You heard a muffled voice as some sort of ear plugs were removed from your ears. “Ahh, you’re awake, we can begin.” The voice sounded familiar but your thoughts were clouded. Suddenly a blinding light seared across your eyes as the blindfold lifted away. Trying to focus you blinked again and closed your eyes screwing them shut and began counting until your eyes could adjust. “Welcome to interrogation training.” Brandar Leobla smiled cruelly as he loosened the gag. “Definitely fear invoking,” you commented hoarsely. “Yes well, one can’t be too careful when dealing with Jedi, all of the guides are from imperial archives dating back to the first Jedi purge. The fogginess and lack of force ability are thanks to the serum developed back then now dripping in your veins.” Peering over to the right you noticed an IV line, you couldn’t see where it connected with your body but you believed him. “I thought you wanted to interrogate a force user, if you’ve stopped my abilities then you’re not going to find out my reactions.” “Oh, we’ll get to that eventually, I’ve heard your temper can be quite unstable. I have no desire to be force choked or worse.” He chuckled caressing your cheek. “I’m more interested in your physiology, your charts show the accident that delivered you to the First Order should have killed you, yet here you are. My theory is that Jedi or those force sensitive have advanced metabolisms, you wouldn’t believe how much serum we had to use to bring you this state or sedative either. The wine should have knocked you and Kylo Ren out cold but yet you drank and drank it.” He turned around to dials beside the table, “I knew I had training the next morning, you thought I wouldn’t submit?” He chuckled again and you felt a low current run through your body. “There were some doubts, I’ve seen the holo’s of you fighting the stormtroopers. I’m not sure there’s enough stationed here to stop you and Ren.” The current didn’t hurt but it wasn’t comfortable, trying to shift you grunted. Leobla picked up a vial and pressed a button stopping the current. “This is a truth serum,” he said withdrawing a large dose, “I’m not sure how much it will take to affect you but, that's what we’re here for to learn.” He wrapped a plastic band around your arm and started flicking your veins until one stood up then roughy injected, you clenched your jaw but didn’t give him the satisfaction of a verbal reaction. He pressed the button and the current resumed. Your head started spinning, “Ah yes, that's what we’re looking for,” he made a notation on his data pad. “You’ll feel a little euphoria and then you should only be able to speak truth.” Glaring you closed your eyes and willed your body to work faster against the toxins. “Now, let’s begin.” He adjusted the dials and the current became stronger, your fingers curled against the hand rest. “Please state your name and home planet for the record.” You felt a fine sheen of sweat break out against your brow. “F/N L/N, the ruined planet of Agamar.” You growled. “There’s that temper,” he said in a sing song voice, he pressed the dial again and the current made your muscles spasm. He pressed the button and the current stopped completely, you gasped softly searching for a breath. “It’s intense but we’re testing your limits. Who knows how much you can take,” he said excitedly. He twisted another dial and pressed the button again, this time the current came in pulses knocking the air from your lungs, he turned the dial again and every third pulse increased in intensity. He walked to your other side and opened a case, you couldn’t make it out but it sounded like metal. You found you could stand the smaller pulses but the anticipation of the third pulse made you tense before it would arrive locking your muscles painfully. Pressing the button again the pulsing and current stopped. “I’m impressed, most start screaming by that point, but that would be too easy wouldn’t it?” Something cold and metal caressed your cheek. “Were you prepared at the Jedi Academy for torture?” “NO,” you growled from behind your teeth, “Master Luke believed that the New Republic had evolved beyond such barbaric means.” He chuckled again. “Such naivety, you’d think the son of Vader would be able to sense the darkness it took to build his New Republic.” He shook his head, he adjusted more dials on the machine and pressed the button, this time the intensity became unbearably long pulses with only seconds to breathe between them, nearing the edge of consciousness you remembered breathing exercises. You started forcing air in your lungs even during the pulses of the current slowing the panic in your mind. The pain became bearable and the panic settled. The current stopped completely. “Aggravating, I thought surely that would work. On to more barbaric modes.” He sized your hand, “You will want to breathe in deeply my dear this is going to hurt.” he shoved a long metal splinter under your thumbnail tearing a scream from your throat. You couldn’t stop it. “There we are,” he said closing his eyes. “ Tell me the location of your base.” You laughed hoarsely, “No.” You smiled, he shook his head. “Tsk,” he said as he pressed down on your thumb nail, “This could all be over if you just tell me what I want to know,” when he let up you weren’t sure which hurt worse the pressure or no pressure. He took your pinky into his hands, “Where is your base? Just tell me the system,” he said but you shook your head, he shoved the metal under the pinky nail and you gasped but didn’t scream a single tear escaped your eye. “Stubborn.” He moved the sliver back and forth making you scream again. “You want to know where it is?” You asked hoarsely. “My my breaking already? Yes where is the base?” Laughing loudly you said, “On Agamar,” you cackled again, “but you’ll need rad suits to get near it,” you sneered at him. “I see,” he said frowning. He drew another dose out of the truth serum vial, “More of this.” He jabbed the needle into your neck and pressed the plunger. “Didn’t spring for the pneumatic injector?” You said spitefully. “Where’s the fun in that?” He replied darkly. He returned to your fingers, squeezing both thumb and pinky nail, “Where is the base?” Grinding your teeth you spat out, “Hosnian Prime, under the senate.” He stopped. “Is this a joke to you? Do you think I won’t hurt you?” He lowered his face to your ear and whispered, “The Supreme Leader told me to find out what you’re made of and I intend to.” He grasped your face with this hand squeezing your jaw painfully, “maybe I’ll pull a few of those teeth?” “Running out of ideas?” You said grinning, “I thought this would be hard.” Behind the words you felt the rage burning low in your stomach and itching at the base of your skull, you could feel your force abilities awakening. You laughed darkly. “Temper temper little girl, you have no idea how much pain I can cause you.” He stood and pressed the button making you spasm in pain your fingers curling against the armrest driving the slivers deeper beneath your nail, you screamed. Fear rippled through you, maybe this isn’t just a simulation, your mind panicked at the thought. If they fed you both sedatives Ben might not be in the viewing room at all he may still be out cold. You tried meditating again trying to still your mind but gave up it was too intense, you knew he’d have to stop again to question you, you’d calm yourself then. After what seemed like hours it stopped and you slumped against the interrogation table painting. “Ready to tell the truth?” You sneered at him. “Yes,” the answer shocked you, you had wanted to yell and scream at him, but your mouth betrayed you. “Where is the base,” you felt the answer come to your lips but you bit your tongue tasting blood. “Hmmm, not enough pressure I see.” He beckoned to something just out of your view and a unfamiliar hum became louder, an IT-000 droid came into your field of vision. The answer wanted to come out but you squeezed your fingers against the armrest pressing the metal further under your nail making you whimper, “I-I-I,” you closed your eyes, trying not to imagine the droid’s capabilities, it looked more advanced than the ones from the empire. “I have nothing to say.” Leobla chuckled, “I see,” he nodded to the droid and an injector arm came out, “I played nice before, the previous serum doesn’t have the same kick as this one.” The droid closed in its repulsors humming quietly as it injected liquid fire into your arm. It seemed to echo around the room as the screams came back to your ears. He knelt down next to your ear, “Feel how it touches every nerve ending as it makes it’s way around your bloodstream, it won’t last long, given your ability to process toxins but it's working beautifully for now.” He stroked your face, “Where is the base?” You were sweating and thrashing as much as the restraints allowed, but you shook your head. “How old were you when you went to the jedi academy?” “Thirteen,” you growled, the fire had reached your heart, panic started to set in and your breath started coming in gasps. “Were you afraid?” “No,” it came out as almost a scream. “Are you afraid now?” “Yes,” you whispered, the flames were everywhere now but lessened, you took a deep breath, “but you should be afraid.” He chuckled patting your leg, “You’re strapped to a table, my dear.” “I’ll get off of it eventually,” you said your voice shaking. “I’ll be systems away before that happens,” he grinned, “Now,” he said picking up a hook like metal instrument. “Where is the base?” “It’s,” you took a shuddering breath and bit your tongue again, “it's …” the burning had begun to subside, “it's here on Hevurion,” you grinned. Leobla cursed, “That was quite a hefty dose you just burned through,” he looked aggravated as he replaced the tool, “Droid initiate the burning probe.” You stiffened but tried to bring your mind to focus, you sense more, you started imagining things you’d do to Leobla, drawing strength from the hatred building. The probe hit you in two places a searing sensation on your leg you could smell the flesh burning as the probe touched your skin and in your mind as it pierced your weakest shield deflating it and taking all of the information you had stored there. “Your mind probe isn't strong enough to reach what you want,” you panted, the burning sensation let up as the mental attack slammed against your shields again, breaking through your second shield and collecting everything you'd stored there. Leobla scowled as he scrolled through the information the droid had stolen from your mind, you put most of your strength behind the third shield protecting the more sensitive information. “Disappointing,” he growled, “nothing useful.” He sneered as you started chuckling. “This amuses you?” He said angrily. “You’ll get nothing from me,” you began as the droid launched a third attack against your mental shields, it held, but you could feel it straining, fighting away fear you pushed everything you had into it as the droid pressed the burning probe against your leg again. Screaming in agony you used the pain holding fast to the shield. The tingling at the back of your skull seemed stronger, you started to sense things around the room. You focused on breathing capturing your anger and rage, purifying it your hands started shaking. “I see that the fear is becoming real,” he said grinning, stroking your forehead. “No one's coming to stop this Jedi.” “Who’s scared?” You said your voice still shaky, "I don't need anyone to save me." “It's going to be a pleasure to break you,” he said, “I just need to find the right button to push,” he said softly picking up your index finger.“Now this will hurt,” he said pulling it back sharply dislocating the finger a sickening pop. You screamed but he moved to your ring finger, “You know what comes next,” he said dislocating it too. Gritting your teeth you hissed and choked back a whimper. “Tell me about your loyalty to the First Order,” he purred. You stared at him as he picked up a scalpel. “Would you stand on the other side of the window and let me do this to Kylo Ren?” Then he set the blade against your skin and slowly drug it upward, you screwed your eyes shut soaking in the pain, using it. “For all you know he's watching this happen and doing nothing to stop it.” Something snapped deep inside and you could feel the room around you suddenly. “Release me,” you said. Leobla stopped, blade still digging into your skin but not moving, opening your eyes you stared him down. “Release me,” you said strengthening the intention behind the words, you imagined him undoing the restraints. He shook his head as confusion passed over his features. “Release me, now.” You were rusty it had been years since you’d had to mind trick someone. “Leobla, release me now.” He looked worried but complied releasing your left hand from the restraints, you threw him against the wall with a blast of force energy. Kill him , a voice whispered in your mind. Screwing your eyes shut you popped your fingers back in place with the force as you screamed loudly. Kill him . Leobla scrambled to get back to his feet as you undid the straps of the restraints on your right hand. Before he could take a step forward your hand whipped out upturned choking him. Yes! Smother the life from him. His hands tore at his throat in vain. “Would I stand on the other side of the glass and watch you torture Kylo Ren?” You pulled him close his feet dragging the floor, “I’d do as the Supreme Leader ordered me,” you released the rest of the restraints with the force. Leobla’s eyes started bulging out of this head. “No response?” You questioned, you slammed him into the interrogation table releasing him as he sputtered trying to catch his breath. Pulling first the sliver from your thumb you dropped it, his eyes darted to you, you pulled the longer sliver out of our pinky wincing as you did, you stepped forward Leobla shrank back. “You’d better hope we never meet again,” you said coldly. KILL HIM . Quick as lightning your hand shot forward stabbing him in the chest with the sliver, he gurgled as blood started filling his lung. Lowering your face to his ear you whispered, “If I ever cross paths with you again I will kill you,” you kissed his forehead tenderly. Turning on your heel you opened the door with the force. Four storm troopers stood guard, “Move,” you said sharply they jumped out of the way as you stalked down the hall. You reached out searching for Ben and the Supreme Leader. Finding them in the next room you opened the door with the force. The Supreme Leader sat on a raised chair Ben standing to his left. The Supreme Leader grinned his face twisting evilly. “As always you exceed expectations my dear,” his gravely voice oozed appreciation. Ben stepped forward taking your left hand into his inspecting the fingers. “You’ll need a medic for Leobla.” You said, Ben winced at the chill in your voice. “There’s a medical capsule enroute to take him to the Finalizer,” Ben said softly. “A doctor will tend your wounds,” he said glancing at the skin peeled back on your right arm as the dripping blood became unbearably loud. “I’m fine,” you said, Ben pressed gently on your thumb nail making you hiss. “You will see the physician Y/N.” Snoke said and you nodded. Ben led you to the hallway you watched as they removed Leobla on the medical sled terror in his eyes as he passed you. The stormtroopers shifted uneasily, giving you a wide berth. The temporary med bay contained a stainless steel hover tray and two chairs. “Please sit,” the medtech said you stood unmoving gazing at the seat and the tools on the hovering tray. Ben nudged you gently, apprehensively you took a seat, “I’m surprised to see you again so soon,” he said. He reached for your left hand first, the flayed skin drawing his attention but you jerked back, Ben’s hand came to rest on your shoulder. “Give him your arm,” he said gently, the med tech looked nervous as you gingerly stretched your arm forward. He took your hand in his and flexed the stiff and still swelling joints then examined the large patch of red flesh. “The fingers are back in place, whoever set them did a good job,” he smiled at you but your expression deflated his attempts at lightening the mood, “this,” he motioned to the peeled back skin, “I’ll have to remove and bandage, it can’t be stitched but a few days of bacta plasters and it should be fine.” He motioned for the other hand and inspected the nails. “I can clean these, the thumb, you’ll be lucky if the nail survives, bacta gel and wrap is the best bet.” He pulled out numbing agent in a vial snapping it into the pneumatic injector when he paused, “You still have the IV in your arm.” You hadn’t noticed, he pulled out tape and gauze, “I’ll remove it.” He pulled back the tape and removed the needle, you winced a little as he swiped the area with a little bacta gel then covered it with gauze. “The bacta should prevent major bruising.” He raised the injector, “Wait,” you said softly he paused, “I don’t need it.” Ben squeezed your shoulder. “It will hurt--” he started to say. “She said she doesn’t need it,” Ben’s voice snapped the medtech’s attention to him. “Do as she says.” The medtech set his jaw and picked up a small pair of scissors and started trimming the skin. Ben pressed himself flush against you tilting your face up. “Don’t watch,” he said softly. “Does the Supreme Leader understand? That I will kill Leobla if he puts us in a room together?” Ben almost chuckled, his hand caressing your cheek. “He does, I doubt either of us will be near him again.” Anger still boiled with in you, you were fighting the urge to lash out at the medtech as he cut away the dying skin. You jumped as the scissors bit in too deeply, the hover tray started shaking and the objects rattled around a few flew off in different directions, the medtech pulled back suddenly terrified. Ben crouched down to your level wrapping an arm around you, holding you in place his lips by your ear, “Control it,” he whispered. You stilled closing your eyes focusing on controlling your anger. Ben nodded to the medtech and he continued. “T-t-this next part,” he stopped licking his lips, “will be quite painful ma’am.” “Do what you have to,” you said through gritted teeth, the medtech looked to Ben who nodded as he tightened his grip on you. The world around you flashed red as the medtech poured the antiseptic over the flayed area, you yelled loudly but the medtech worked quickly spreading gel then the bacta plasters over the wound, as they self sealed they tightened, making you wince. “Your other hand, ma’am, p-p-please.” Ben released his hold on you and you raised the injured right hand to the medtech. “This will be unpleasant,” he said swallowing, he had turned pale. “I won’t harm you,” you said firmly, finally smoothing the shakiness out of your voice. Ben wrapped his other arm around you holding you firmly against the seat. The medtech squeezed gently on the fingers making sure nothing remained underneath the nails and quickly applied the medication and wrapps. “Your other hand ma’am, I should immobilize the fingers so they can heal and the burns on your leg will need--” “That won’t be necessary, they’ll heal on their own.” You started to stand but Ben’s arm held you firmly in place, looking over your shoulder you glared at him. He released you, “Then at least take some painkillers I have here Ma’am they’ll help you rest.” Shaking your head you refused, “They will dull my senses,” the medtech gaped looking from you then to Ben, finally the med tech nodded looking defeated. “Thank you, for tending to my wounds.” Standing you turned to the door, you stumbled as your head swam but pushed through the door, you made it ten paces before going down on all fours and retching up everything you’d eaten over the last few days, Ben kneeled beside you until you were finished. You tried to stand but fumbled, Ben scooped you up and carried you towards your room. “I can walk,” you said but Ben shook his head. Resting your head against him you gave in and let him carry you, the sway of his walk turning your stomach again. “Ben stop,” you whimpered. “We’re here,” he said gently, he sat you down on the edge of the bed and reached for a refuse bin. “Here,” he said handing it to you. You retched, “ What’s wrong with me?” “You were electrocuted, drugged, cut, and burned. It could be shock, a reaction to the drugs, or that you used more of the dark side than you’re used to. Pick one.” He sat beside you stroking your hair and back, “Rest now, after you’ve rested and meditated, the Supreme Leader wants to see you.” Frowning you laid back, scooting over so he could climb in beside you, “No,” he said gently leaning forward to kiss your forehead, “I have tasks I must complete, rest, call for me if you need me.” You grumbled but curled on your side. “Move the bin closer,” you mumbled, he chuckled a little but moved the bin next to you. “For what it’s worth, that was the worst thing I’ve ever had to watch,” he stroked your face, “and I’ve never been more proud.” You smiled weakly wrapping your arms around a pillow, “Go on, get out of here.” He smiled and turned walking out of the room. You snuggled in and started clearing your mind working your way through your emotions either dealing with them or filing them away for later. Soon your mind had emptied allowing the force to flow in filling you, you willed it, set it to knitting your flesh back together, repairing your over extended joints. Feeling the tingle you melted into the meditation your body felt liquid and you floated away, surrounded by a bright glowing ball of light. After a while you felt something like a ripple in the force. Stretching out you tried to identify it, it felt oddly familiar like background noise to your life. You could almost put a name to it. “It would be easier if you opened your eyes,” came an accented male voice. With your concentration broken you dropped a few inches back onto the bed. “Where are you?” you said. “Right here,” a light blue glow came into focus and took the shape of an older man in jedi robes. A name ran around somewhere in the back of your mind but you couldn’t make it stick. “How are you here?” “Well, I’m an apparition,” he said with a small sarcastic smile, “I’d have thought Luke would have a least spoke about them.” “He did, he said that Master Ob-” Your mouth dropped open, “Master Obi-Wan?” “In the, well I suppose not flesh, but all the same, yes.” Mind racing you had a million questions, “Why are you here?” He sighed sadly, “To let you know it’s not too late.” “Too late for what?” You drew your legs up under your chin and wrapped your arms around them. “For you,” he took you in, “for you to turn away from the darkness you’ve surrounded yourself in.” “I’m not surrounded by darkness, I feel fine.” “You’re balanced at the moment,” he sat on the edge of the bed, “but soon you’ll lose that balance and you’ll do something you’ll regret. Soon you’ll find yourself a servant to darkness, just like Ren.” “He’s not...” you tried to find the words to describe him, “he’s just lost, he still has good in in him I kno-” “Please,” he held up his insubstantial hand, “stop telling yourself lies, they’re counter productive. The boy you loved is dead. There is nothing you can do to bring him back. Start thinking of your future.” His words stung you deeply, you could feel tears beginning to well up, they matched Ben’s own words. “He’s in there, I can feel it.” He sighed, “It’s not your job to save him, he can only save himself. You’ll only lose yourself in this.” “And what do I do to save myself?” You wiped away tears that had begun to spill down your cheeks. “Escape, naturally.” His smirk felt warming. “And then what? I have nowhere to go, I have no family, no friends, they’re all dead.” “You’ll go to the Resistance of course,” he said raising an eyebrow. “Meanwhile, what?" A loud sob escaped your lips, "Ben hunts for me losing the the good left in him while he murders everyone in his path?” Obi-Wan seemed deep in thought, “The consequences wouldn’t be your fault--” “Of course they would be, it would be abandonment just like everyone else in his life, I left him once-” You wiped your reddened eyes fighting back a sob. Obi-Wan paused, “You didn’t leave him he left you on Chandrila.” He seemed confused. "No, I left the school before trials, I knew-” “YOU became a Jedi Knight, you followed..” he stopped closing his eyes you felt a gentle probing against the walls of your mind, “It’s gone,” he said astonished, “your memory is fragmented.” Before you could reply a soft knock sounded at the door and Phasma’s head popped in the doorway, “You’re alone? I thought I heard you speaking to someone,” she shook her head, “Ren sent me to to find you.” “She can’t see me,” Obi-Wan said softly. “I know,” You said to Obi-Wan. “Of course you do,” Phasma laughed softly, “get dressed and I’ll take you to the Supreme Leader.” She grinned, “What it is it Y/N? You look like you’ve seen a ghost.” “Intuitive,” Obi-Wan smirked, “ask Ren about your memories before you dismiss what I’ve said. I’ll be back.” Obi-Wan shimmered and disappeared. “It just feels so strange in here,” Phasma said walking in. “It’s the breeze,” you said trying to change the subject, “training clothes or formal?” “Training,” she said in a chipper tone, “are you feeling up to it?” Stretching you nodded, “I feel much better after meditating.” She smiled shaking her head, “I still can’t wrap my head around how you do that, I saw Ren carry you away an hour ago, you looked almost dead.” “Don’t underestimate the force,” you replied slipping into a training outfit, “it can do many amazing or terrible things depending on who is wielding it.” You stepped to her, “I’m ready to go.” “I’m just amazed by the things I’ve seen you do,” Phasma offered her arm you were going to refuse but you felt a wave of light dizziness hit you and took it, “are you sure you’re up to this?” Waiving her on you pressed forward, “I’ll be fine,” you said squeezing her arm gently, “You’re out of armor?” She chuckled, “Yes, well I’ve been sparring and it’s too hot for the armor here, I’ve got engineering on putting in a personal cooling unit.” “I think B-Ren has one, I don’t know how he can stand the heat in all that black leather.” Phasma chuckled. “Nothing bothers that man, I’ve seen him walk through a desert and not be bothered, literally moments from death and still stoic, but after Starkiller, before he found you I really thought...” she seemed to search for the next words carefully, “he shut everyone out. I-” You squeezed her arm gently. “I didn’t realize you were that close,” you were touched suddenly by it, you could feel her emotions. “I, it may not seem like it, but he’s the only real friend I had. He’s never undercut me for a promotion or turned on me. He may not talk much but he always listened.” “He’s always been that way...” you trailed off thinking of all the times he supported you, you felt a pain in your chest suddenly thinking of everything he’d done since then. “Are you okay?” Phasma stopped concerned. “I just need a moment,” you uncurled your arm from hers. Trying but failing to take deep breaths you doubled over as another wave of pain washed over you. “Y/N!” She shouted. “I’m okay,” you said softly, holding a hand up to her. “It’s fine,” you said straightening, her mask of indifference had dropped she looked concerned. “Really, I’m fine I just need air.” “I think may-” Phasma started to say but a pair of strong arms scooped you up. “Ben,” you whispered against his chest. “Shhh,” he said softly, “I felt it,” he kissed your forehead, “do you want me to take you back to your room?” You shook your head, “No, I can do this,” he grunted, “I can, I just need,” you sighed, “just hold me for a few more moments.” He nodded and sat down in the hallway holding you in his lap. “Should I get the med tech?” Phasma asked nervously. “No,” Ben said softly stroking your face and then moving to rub circles on your palms, “She just needs a moment, I can take her from here.” Phasma started to protest. “It’s okay Phasma,” you said. “What triggered this?” He asked gently. “A lot of things,” your voice shook a little, he frowned. “You’re pushing me out,” you felt him press against your mind. “Please don’t,” you said softly, his frown deepened but you felt the pressure against your mind lessen. Several emotions passed over his face, “Later, I promise, I'll tell you all of it.” Nodding he tightened his hold on you. After a few moments it passed and you stood offering him a hand up, he took it and allowed you to pull him up. “This can wait until tomorrow,” he said softly. “No, I don't want to cause him anymore displeasure,” you could feel the Supreme Leader’s presence weighing against you, there would be no escaping his scrutiny today. Steeling yourself you pressed forward towards the library where Snoke had settled for his own reflection time. Chapter 9 : Peace is a lie. Summary: Snoke takes a hand in your training. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Peace is a Lie. “Hold your breath,” he commanded gruffly, “go back to the guardian.” You could feel sweat rolling down your forehead threatening to sting your eyes. “Go back?” You said, trying to focus. “It’s a memory trick, go back through the memory of the vision, take me back to the guardian.” Snoke’s voice washed over you, in your mind's eye you tried going back. “Memories don’t work that way.” You grunted as your body trembled with effort. “They do, move in reverse through your memory until you reach the guardian, I need to hear what he said to you.” Trying you stepped backwards in your memory as if it were movable, and suddenly everything moved in reverse until you were back to the guardian. “Weapons are of no use, only will can move my might.” Staring at the flame guardian you walked around him, he flickered. As many times as you’d faced him you’d never been able to move him by any means. “You must control him with the force,” Snoke said it simply as if that were all there were to it. “I’ve tried,” exhaustion of your physical form affected your movements within the mental space the Supreme Leader had somehow entered within your vision. Stumbling you nearly fell but regained balance. “Focus,” he said somewhere between a growl and a purr, “your intentions have been to save your self, not control the guardian.” His hand touched your shoulder sending a chill through you. “You must focus on controlling him, your will must be what moves him.” “I can’t,” you had tried but over and over you woke up from his killing blow the smell of your own singed flesh strong in your nostrils. “He’s too strong,” the aching in your head and tremors of your hands were starting to become more pronounced. “You’ll need stamina, how long can you manipulate the force before you weaken?” “Not long, unless I’m furious, even then I burn out quickly.” Your voice shook,”Pain sometimes helps.” Before another word left your lips Snoke hit you with a force wave slamming you down on the ashen pavement, pain flared from you knees and elbows. “Now?” Anger flashed with in you as you stood. “That works here?” Surprised you drew in the pain, your arm twinged as someone squeezed the flayed flesh of your arm. “It won’t be quite the same but you’ll see the effects as if it were the vision, all of the rules within your memory will behave just like in the vision, but you can only go as far as you’ve seen.” “I’ve never passed him,” your voice now at a low growl. “This is practice. When the vision comes again you’ll know how to beat him.” Stretching an arm forward you caught the flame guardian by his throat, trying to bend him to your will. The guardian threw you easily into the wall of flames tearing screams from your throat. Coming back to the center you roared at it, shaking you imagined the guardian bowing to to you. “Submit to my will!” You shouted but the flame guardian struck you again , this time you whipped out your lightsaber catching his arm with it, channeling your will through it and shouted again, “SUBMIT,” your voice echoed deeper than natural, the flame guardian straightened and moved to the side. Crashing to the pavement you exhaled, “With the correct intention you can do anything.” The Supreme Leader looked down at you, “Meditate, we’ll begin again in a few moments.” You left the memory all the aches and pains of your body became too loud to ignore. Slowly you opened your eyes. Ben sat in front of you, his brows knitted in concern. “Perhaps we should pick this back up tomorrow Master?” He said softly, his hand reaching out to cup your face. “She hasn’t eaten in almost a standard day. She’s exhausted.” “We’re building stamina Kylo Ren, she will last as long as she needs to, meditate.” Closing your eyes you went into restorative mediation drawing heavily on the force. Pain shot behind your eyes and our hands felt like they were going to vibrate off at the wrist. When clenching your fists didn’t stop it, Ben’s hands covered yours, he sent you calming thoughts. “Master,” he started again, but the temperature in the room dropped. “Do you question my method’s Ren? I trained you the same way, she will endure it.” The voice hurt every part of your body. “Yes Supreme Leader,” Ben quieted but his hands remained on yours. After countless drills and force manipulations the Supreme Leader declared training over for the day, starting for the door you swayed but Ben caught your arm. “I expect you both at dinner Kylo Ren,” Snoke said firmly. “Of course Supreme Leader,” he said nodding towards Snoke. “Y/N,” Snoke said softly, you raised your eyes to him, “you did well today. Keep focused, you'll be very powerful someday.” “Thank you, Supreme Leader, I will try not to fail you.” He grinned, his mouth twisting. Leaving the room you felt a weight lift from your shoulders as if Snoke’s very presence tired you, Ben guided you, “I’m okay,” you said softly. “You’re not, you need rest.” You waved him away. “When is dinner?” You asked leaning against the wall heavily. “About 20 minutes,” he looked worried, “he’s pushing you harder than he needs to.” “He’s only here for a few days,” you said sighing softly and stretching sore muscles, “I can endure,” you said mocking the Supreme Leader’s voice, Ben smiled sadly. “I hope so,” he said gently, “you need to dress, do you need help?” Shaking your head you pushed off the wall, “No, I can manage, I just hope dinner doesn’t last long.” Ben kissed your cheek and left to dress himself. Exhausted you changed into a long black gown and pulled your hair up into a bun, you couldn’t manage makeup, your hands were still shaking too much, sighing you felt Ben enter the room. “Are you ready?” He asked softly as if his voice would break you. Nodding you took his arm, he was solid and had to support more of your weight than you expected. “I won’t break, I promise,” you said trying to reassure him before you reached the dining room but he didn’t look convinced, “Hey,” you stopped causing him to turn to you. “Remember, you have to control how much sentiment you show.” He stroked your cheek, “I’m starting to think this is just as much a test for you as it is me.” “You’re right,” he pulled you in close resting his head on yours, “it’s, just,” you could feel his emotions rolling beneath the surface, turning your face upwards brushed your lips against his. “It’s difficult to watch,” his brow furrowed. “As long as you’re beside me, it’s worth it.” You felt something shift inside him, soften, “Ben,” you said softly but it was lost in his kiss. pulling back you smiled, you felt strengthened, “stronger together,” you said. He held you for a few more moments but then regained his composure turning he lead you to the dining room. “Kylo Ren, Y/N,” Snoke said jovially, “thank you for joining us,” he smiled but it chilled your skin. Ben seated you then took his own seat on the other side of the Supreme Leader. “You look stunning my dear,” he said gently, as if he hadn't spent the afternoon torturing you in his own way. “Thank you Supreme Leader,” you said reaching forward to take a sip of wine, you focused hard easing the shaking out of your hands but you spilled a little. You saw Phasma’s expression change to one of worry buy you smiled at her, trying to reassure her. It didn't seem to help. Snoke himself watched you struggle with the glass, finally you gave up and levitated it with the force, you could feel the unease rise at the table but you had lost the ability to care. Snoke seemed pleased as he watched you beaming, Ben smirked and raised his own glass with the force. You felt TW-2974 flash extreme unease and nearly choke on his own wine. Phasma raised her glass in solidarity and the rest of the table joined her in a toast. Nodding you smiled replacing your glass on the table. Through the rest of the courses you used the force, the food easing some of your headache and shaking you started to feel stronger. At the main course Snoke cleared his throat, everyone turned to him, “As you know, Y/N, has joined us, her training is the reason for our trip. Her bravery today is to be rewarded, I have heard that you have a favorite among the foods you’ve tried since you’ve been with the First Order. In your honor my dear, “ he looked at you almost lovingly, “the chef has prepared Fodu,” you could feel your mouth water, “and we’ve had whip treats brought in, Ren tells me they’re a favorite of yours.” His kindness caught you off guard, the sentiment behind it, the warmth it brought to you. “Thank you, Supreme Leader,” tears threatened to spill from your eyes but you fought it, bowing your head to him. Before the servants had finished delivering everyone’s plates you had already eaten everything on your dish. During dessert your hands had stilled enough that you could use a spoon to relish the taste of the whip treats. Whether the Supreme Leader knew it or not they held a special significance for you, Ben smiled at you from across the table as you enjoyed its taste. “Believe it or not,” you spoke up softly, “the prepackaged ones are the best.” Snoke smiled broadly. “I’m glad it is to your liking my dear,” you relaxed, enjoying the meal joining in on the conversation. TW-2974 even joined in and you were all conversing merrily until the Supreme Leader spoke up again, “Would you be ready for that match of strength tonight TW-2974?” He said it so casually it took you a few moments to realize what he meant. “Whenever you feel it is time Supreme Leader,” he said, his eyes shifting to you. You could feel him sizing you up, he didn’t think it would be a fair fight, you were done for. He wasn’t far from the truth. The food had given you strength but you were not in any shape to be battling anyone. Slowly you turned to the Supreme Leader. “Y/N?” He asked, you swallowed, you flexed your left hand, the joints protesting. “If it pleases you Supreme Leader,” you shifted trying to gauge how long you might last. “Excellent,” he said cooly, “retrieve your weapons and we'll adjourn to the court yard.” Ben stood to follow you but you waved him off, he nodded and joined the shifting crowd as it headed to the courtyard, you could feel him trying to disguise his worry. As long as it was just sparing the only danger would be bruises. Retrieving your saber from the bedside you adjusted the blade to training mode and then changed back into your practice clothing for better range of motion. By the time you pulled your top back on you were sweating. Clipping the saber to your belt you headed back stopping a couple of times to catch your breath. The air in the twilight court yard felt cool and the sun baked pavers felt warm under foot, TW-2974 paced back and forth, he had stayed in his dress clothes but loosened his collar, he stretched swinging his force pike back and forth. He looked up hearing you approach. He stepped back a few steps, you nodded to him igniting your saber the blue green blade brilliant in the low light. “Now, Now Y/N,” Snoke said, “He’s got his force pike at full strength, at least do him the courtesy of turning your weapon to full strength.” Swallowing hard you adjusted it, TW-2974 frowned he didn't like it that you'd decided to take it easy on him. His anger flashed as the perceived insult coursed through his body. “I just didn’t want there to be any accidents Supreme Leader.” His smile made you shiver. TW-2974 stared you down. You bowed to him taking an active position saving energy and waiting for him to take the first move. He struck hard from the left making your hand ache painfully. Your grip almost faltered as you crossed weapons with him, he snarled but you held firm. Shifting your weight you threw him off turning as gracefully as you could. He countered swinging low catching your leg and you went down hard catching yourself on one knee. Panting you swung your leg around kicking his legs out from under him. He jumped back up but you stayed crouching for a moment gathering your breath and anger. Rising slowly you cracked open your carefully packaged anger and drew from it, you could feel the force flow through you. He struck again aiming for the right side and switching to the left at the last second slamming the hard surface of the pike against your shoulder. You cried out as he jumped back away from your clumsy parry. He grinned, you took the offensive and attacked him hard going for a mid body kick trying to disarm him. Breaking the pike free from one hand you slammed your uninjured shoulder against his chest knocking him backward. Growling he attacked again focused on your feet but at the last moment he smacked your jaw knocking you backward. Landing hard on your back you felt the air whoosh out of your lungs. You realized finally he'd been trained to think out the opposite of his intended attack. It was clever, Phasma had prepared him well. Using the force you jumped back up sinking low into a squat trying to catch your breath. He smiled, you'd probably find him handsome if he didn't despise you so much. Closing your eyes you waited for a strike while he circles you. When he did you drew on the force and jumped over him landing behind him drawing your saber up close to his neck trapping his pike against his chest. Growling he pushed the blade with his pike trying to disarm you with one hand while the other grabbed your injured hand squeezing mercilessly to make the bones grind together until you screamed and the saber dropped from your hand clattering against the pavers. Swinging his head back he caught you in the face knocking you back. Again you fell but called your saber to you just as he tried a crushing blow directed at your chest, your saber activated just in time catching the tip of the force pike. Smiling you spat blood as you slowly raised again off the pavers, “Not bad,” you growled as the pain unleashed more of your anger, you pushed back against the pike until he was straining. You could tell he wanted to strike at your injured hand again but he chose the opposite and struck at your knee. Anticipating it you jumped up landing a punch on his jaw with your uninjured fist as he hissed twirling away breaking contact. “Phasma’s tactics are good,” you said your mouth full of iron and salt, “ but mental tactics are a good way to piss off a force user.” He nodded the ghost of a smile on his lips. “You shouldn't be standing,” he said, “you're sheet white, concede and I won't push you any farther.” Laughing softly you replied, “That wouldn't give you the bragging rights you're here for.” He grinned as you dove at his feet again but reversed at the last moment smacking his pike down, it gave off an electric hiss as its tip made contact with the pavers. “We both know you want a clean win.” This time when his foot shot out you didn't catch it and his boot connected with your knee in a sickening crunch, going down hard you roared, the pain sparking the deep anger. He stepped back. “Ren’s whore having a hard time proving she belongs here?” he taunted, but his face paled when you looked up at him. You stood, a chill spread all over your body as you began pacing in front of him, you could feel the crunch of cartilage with each step as your bones ground against each other but your mind didn’t feel the accompanying pain. “One whore to another,” you said loud enough for only the two of you to hear, “be careful who you insult,” you pushed him hard down on his knees with the force, “you never know who will have you down on your knees next.” You pressed the tip of your saber against flesh of his chest. The velvety voice in your head whispered for you to kill him , you pressed harder making the skin sizzle, he screamed loudly. “You're finished, that's a killing blow.” Extinguishing your saber you turned to walk away but he sprung up swinging the pike at your head but you dropped down snatching the pike and flipped him over you, with a snap of your wrist you ignited the blade and slashed at the hand holding the force pike. It clattered away noisily as TW-2974 screamed holding his forearm and clutching at the stump where his hand had been. You heard Phasma scream as she rushed over, trying to maintain composure as her lover went into shock. She glanced at you but recoiled as the cold anger burned through you, finish him , the voice purred. It would be simple another flick of the wrist and he'd fall still. You stepped forward but Phasma put herself between you. Her eyes wide as she aimed a blaster at your head. You sank down dropping your saber as the realization of what happened washed over you. Suddenly you went nearly limp and you fought back the urge to vomit. Mind racing you tried to find words as the med tech rushed to TW-2974 with a medical sled and loaded him on it, Phasma followed them glancing over her shoulder at you as if you were something alien, a threat, a predator. Ben appeared at your side, offering you a hand up, you took it letting him pull you up. He supported your weight as you limped back to the Supreme Leader, “Excellent Y/N,” he grinned his mouth twisting as his hand took yours, “I felt real power there for a moment,” his eyes flashed, “I look forward to watching you spar when you're fully rested,” you wanted to sob, you'd just maimed a man you'd trained and sparred with. “Take her to rest Ren, she's earned it, I'll send the med tech to you after he's stabilized the trooper.” By the time you reached the edge of the courtyard you were trembling. Remembering your saber you called to it, it shimmied but remained by the group working on TW-2974 , frowning you called to it again it slid a few inches then stopped. Focusing harder you called to it it came to you but seemed to vibrate in your hand, frowning you attached it to your belt. Ben watched you but remained silent the whole trip back to his room. He left but came back with a cold pack that he pressed against your knee you hissed at the contact but relaxed once it started numbing the pain. You didn't dare look up at him as he took stock of the damage he tilted your chin up but you kept your eyes down cast. “Y/N,” he said gently, finally you lifted your eyes to him, he looked worried, “you didn't kill him.” It seemed that was the breaking point you started crying, he gathered you to him. “I wanted to,” you said hiccuping, “I wanted to kill them both today.” The voice wanted you to kill them as well. Maybe he was right, you were surrounded by so much darkness that no one saw anything wrong with it. “Who’s right?” Ben asked confused. “M-m-master Obi-Wan, he spoke to me earlier,” Ben stiffened. “You shouldn't speak to him, he'll only confuse you.” His grip tightened on you, “He twists the truth.” “He said he'll be back,” he touched your nose softly making you gasp and wince at the pain. “Just ignore him, eventually he’ll stop trying to reach you,” to which you gasped in shock. You winced as he tested your shoulder it felt sore but firm, “You're hurt worse than I thought,” he said softly in misunderstanding. His fingers gently touched your knee. Then moved to your face, “You're going to need stitches here,” he said caressing the uninjured side of your mouth, “I'm pretty sure your nose is broken.” “I still have all my limbs,” you said sniffling. “He'll be given a prosthetic, he’ll be fine.” His frown deepened, “Do you realize how much control you exercised during that fight? I would have killed him, especially in your state. I think that's what the the Supreme Leader expected.” You were speechless, “He expected me to kill him? I thought it was just an exhibition?” You were sick, the way Phasma had looked at you said it all. You were a monster, minion of the dark side, everything you had sworn you wouldn't become. A knock sounded at the door and the med tech entered, he hesitated at the door, “Treat her now,” Ben said gruffly and the tech fumbled over. Scooting toward the edge of the bed you let him use the medical scanner on you. “Your nose and part of your cheek bone are broken, your shoulder is out of alignment and your knee,” he blanched, “all I can do is immobilize it, you're going to need surgery and extensive bacta therapy.” “How long will she be on restricted movement?” The med tech stared at his data pad. “Normal healing is two to three months, with her metabolism and meditative healing one may be two months if she follows medical advice? We don't really have the charts for force user regeneration other than her charts from the accident and your own medical records sir.” “Then treat what you can and giver her something for the pain and to make her sleep,” Ben glanced at you. “I'm not taking anything,” you said warningly. “I am your master and you will do as I say,” Ben snapped. His eyes flashed angrily. The med tech shrunk back as you tried to stand, “I will not be drugged.” “Y/N,” Ben said angrily, “you will take the medication if I have to inject you my self. There is no more training today,” he softened when he saw the fear in your eyes shrouded by anger, “I won't let anyone harm you,” he said, “but you will do as I say.” Grumbling you sat back down, Ben stood staring at you, “I won't be taken like that again,” the med tech with drew the injector shakily. “Ma’am?” He questioned, you could feel his terror. You nodded and then winced as he injected your knee in several places once numb he moved it making you cringe. “Does it still hurt?” you shook your head the crunching sound made your stomach turn Ben crouched beside you his hand snaking into yours. The med tech stabilized it then began giving you deeper injections with a needle explaining he needed to stop the swelling. The injections were starting to sting, “I need to numb the interior ma’am,” you nodded and he pulled out a larger needle you grasped Ben's hand hard and he kissed your temple. “I'm sorry ma’am the worst is almost over,” you hissed and motioned for him to go on. After he finished numbing and immobilizing your knee he moved to your shoulder, first massaging it then swiftly popping it back into alignment, you grunted, he started to wrap your arm in a binding, “Is that necessary?” “Well, no…” he said tucking the binding back into his bag, “I didn't think about your ability to heal minor issues.” He nervously looked around, “Your lip ma’am?” It took a moment but you realized he wanted to know if you wanted stitches, you shook your head “Yes she wants the stitches,” Ben said firmly. “Ben,” you said and he frowned, “Master “ you corrected, “it will heal.” “Might I suggest bacta gel?” The med tech said softly. Scowling Ben nodded, “You need to stop fighting me,” he said standing. “Med Tech,” he turned to look at Ben, “you will tend my apprentices wounds but only remember things pertinent to her care.” His shoulder squared and he repeated what Ben had said. “How often do you alter people’s memories Ben?” His actions bringing back Obi-Wan words. “That's not up for discussion,” he said coarsely, the med tech moved to your nose. “This will hurt Ma’am,” he said softly, his brow furrowing as if he knew there were a deeper conversation going on around him but he just couldn't focus on it. Nodding he reached up and snapped your nose centered, you yelled making him jump, he started swabbing the interior of your nostrils with bacta. “What happened to my memories Ben?” He started pacing. “I told you, that's not up for discussion,” you could feel the anger rolling off him. “Why?” You asked grimacing as the med tech manipulated your cheek bone pushing the bones against each other. “Your cheek is fractured ma’am,” he repeated softly then wincing when Ben exploded. “Why would you listen to Obi-Wan, he twists truth,” he yelled. “I didn't say that he told me to ask you,” the med tech shivered as if caught between you two in an argument is the last place he wanted to be. “You can heal it in the bacta after surgery,” you nodded, the med tech pulled out several pills. “He did though didn't he! That old man never knows when to quit meddling,” he shouted. You could feel the anger roll off him in waves, “You won't understand,” he said, “ he's always done this,” he growled. “Now he's turned you against me,” he had tears rolling down his face. “Ben!” You said sharply, “No one could turn me against you,” he scoffed. “What happened to my memories? Why can't I remember what happened at the school? “ “No,” he said sharply, turning , “I won't discuss this,” he turned and stalked out of the room knocking everything askew with the force. The med tech shuddered, “I, I,” you placed your hand on his arm. “It's okay,” you said reassuringly, “do I need any further treatment?” He shook his head. “Then you're dismissed,” you said softly he started to turn but then suggested he help you change into something more comfortable since you couldn't move around yourself. He found one of Ben’s oversized shirts and helped you undress and slip into it. He gave you a sleeping pill and tucked you in. “Thank you for your kindness,” you said. He nodded then excused himself. Curling onto your side you drifted in and out of a fitful sleep, you worried about Ben, his random temper spikes pulling you to the surface and making you shudder. Later you awoke as the mattress dipped behind you. Ben's hand caressed your hip then slid up to your torso as he pulled you against him. Feigning sleep you didn't respond he sighed, his breath scented by Corellian whisky. Resting his face against your neck you felt the dampness of his cheeks, “I'm sorry,” he whispered softly. Scooting closer you sighed as his grip tightened on you, pulling you tight against himself, “Did you erase my memories Ben?” He shuddered, “Please,” he said softly, he ran his fingers through your hair, “I cant…” He sniffled. “You gave me a memory rub, why?” You fought to keep your anger in check. “I can't tell you, I made a promise to someone.” His voice shook. You turned to face him grunting with effort, the medicines had long worn off and the pain had returned. He looked pitiful and tear stained, brushing the hair away from his brow you asked, “Did I ask you to take away my memories?” He pressed his forehead against yours. Brushing away his tears you kissed him softly, “Ben, “ you plead quietly. “There are things,” his voice caught, “there are things that you… you don't need to remember.” His fingers brushed your uninjured cheek, “Terrible things that you didn't want.” Trembling he searched your face, “I can't break that promise.” He kissed you tenderly, as if you’d shatter, his hands sliding down caressing your sides and then trailed down your back. You tried to deepen the kiss but he held back shaking his head, “Ben, “ you said softly but he reached up gently stroking your other cheek making you wince. Sighing you gave up and relaxed against him, his hands moved as if memorizing your curves. “What about the ones that weren't so terrible?” He groaned softly in exasperation. “It would only make you want more of them back,” stroking his face you chose your next words carefully. “But I already know the ultimate outcome, what about the weeks leading up to what happened?” He seemed to think about it but closed his eyes, “Is that a no?” “No, I'm trying to think about everything I hid,” he opened his eyes, they were gleaming, his lips trembled. “There might be some I can give back, but there will be feelings attached that you might not understand.” He chewed his lip, “I want it,” you said but he looked uncertain. “It will hurt,” he said as he pushed a lock of hair behind your ear. “It want it.” He nodded, and his fingers pressed against your temple. “Take a deep breath,” he said as a searing pain shot through your skull and everything went black. Notes: Okay so I know I said I'd start updating once a week but apparently I'm a terrible liar, but I do have a backlog of chapters my beta and I are going through. Chapter 10 : There is Only Passion Summary: You receive some much needed medical attention while you and Ben become closer. There is only passion His fingers dug into your hips but you didn't care, you were so close that you'd stopped feeling any pain, “Say it,” he moaned as he thrust forward. You cursed clutching the edge of the console, you moaned loudly, “say it!” He pleaded, you weren't the only one close to falling apart. “Bennnnn,” you moaned loudly, he grunted. “No!” It almost sounded like a whine, “You know what I want to hear,” he punctuated the last word with a strong thrust and you almost lost your balance, it sent a ripple of pleasure so strong through you that you arched backwards, almost standing, he wrapped his arm around your middle holding you there, “Say it!!!” “Oh Kylo! Ahhh, Mmmm Kylo Reeeen!” He cursed loudly coming undone and bucked wildly into you. You both fell forward when he lost control, your hip slammed into the console as his weight crashed against you. “Owww kriff, get off me,” he kissed your neck and slowly stood, lifting you with him until you came unsteadily to your feet. He was all grins as he turned you to face him, “Wipe that grin off your face, I'm going to have bruises all over.” He chuckled and pushed you back against the console, “Nothing's going to wipe this grin off my face,” he kissed you hard hooking his hands against your rear lifting you on to the console, “that was hot, say it again.” You rolled your eyes, “Come on Ben, you know I don't like that name,” he slipped his hand in between your legs, you screwed your eyes shut panting against his shoulder. “Say it,” he whispered against your throat as he nipped it. “No, uhhh, it's cr-cr-creepy!” you tried to say as you shuddered against him. Lining himself up he thrust up into you hard making you dig your fingers into his sides, “Ahhh,” he growled, “mphm it's not creepy,” he started thrusting at a slow and deliberate pace. You clung to him wrapping your legs around him. “He said it's an honor to receive a name from his culture, Ohhhhh,” he said circling his hips drawing a loud moan from you, “Uncle Luke wants us to win him over anyways uhhhh,” he kissed you hard making your toes curl, he grinned feeling them against his hips. He cursed and bit your shoulder dragging you over the edge and you came hard around him pulling him with you into oblivion. He slumped against you lazily kissing your shoulder. “It's still creepy Ben,” you said pushing him off and sliding off the console, he followed you through the small ship as you gathered up your robes and tried to redress. “It's not creepy,” he said pulling you in for a gentle kiss, you melted against him. “I don't like him, he made my skin crawl,” he grinned. “What was it he called you? Viper?” He chuckled and you made a face, “He’s not wrong,” he said wrapping his arms around you pulling you in flush against himself, “your strike is as deadly as a vipers.” “It wasn't viper, it was Vel’Pula Ram or Rah, or something like that,” you said trying to remember. “But it means something like deadly strike.” “I like Vel’Pula Ren better,” he said nipping at your ear. Rolling your eyes you zipped your pants as Ben tried unzipping them. You fought him, “Stop that, we have to check in.” “That doesn't require the view screen,” he said in a mock jedi mindtrick tone as he tried to push your robes back down your shoulders. He whistled as he ran his thumb over your shoulder. “Better not let Uncle Luke see you in anything sleeveless for a few days, I can see teeth marks,” you punched him playfully on the chest and he giggled. “Get dressed, we need to do a visual check in so he doesn't get suspicious,” Ben scoffed. “He sent us on a week long mission by ourselves, he knows,” Ben said caressing your wrist, the new leather bracelet stiff and chafing. “Even if he knows, we have to keep up appearances,” Ben kissed the back of your hand. “My mom married my dad, and she-” “She didn't become a Jedi, you heard him, Jedi don't marry, we'd both be out of the order, he ignores our relationship so he doesn't have to end it Ben, if he suspected how far things have gon-” He silenced you with a scorching kiss leaving you breathless, “Snoke said it wasn't always that way,” he whispered against your lips. “He’s not a Jedi,” you said, everything about Snoke rubbed you the wrong way. “No, but he’s a force user and he’s older than anyone Uncle Luke’s met, he wants his knowledge. Uncle Luke might learn new ways of doing things.” It was your turn to laugh, “I think if I ever see him do anything new or different I'll die of shock,” you cursed, “Drop us out of hyperspace we almost missed the relay point.” “Aye aye captain,” Ben said ducking the data pad you threw at him. “Don't call me that!” “But you're in command,” he said grinning. You sighed, “I didn't ask for it,” you said quietly. “He just trusts you more,” he said wistfully turning serious suddenly. “No he trusts you,” you said trying to find the right words while keying in the uplink codes, “Or he wouldn't have sent you on such an important mission. “ Stars flew in to focus and then slowed as you came into sublight, grinning you craned your head around to watch the stars, you could feel Ben’s gaze on you, “Never gets old for you does it?” “It's just always so mesmerizing,” you stretched out feeling for other ships in the area, “I think we're clear, you feel anything?” Ben squinted and shook his head, “Check the scanners to be sure, then I'll start transmission.” Suddenly you were back in bed with Ben, all of your emotions slammed into you at once. Ben stroked your hair and made calming noises, a cold sheet of sweat broke out all over your body and you curled against him. “It’s okay,” he said gently, “it can be startling when it comes back like that.” You shuddered pressing your face against his chest, “easy,” he said, “you’ve got broken bones in your face.” “I’m okay,” you sniffled, “that wasn’t too bad.” “Sleep now,” he said, kissing your forehead. “Did we trust him in the beginning?” You asked, “Snoke I mean,” his hand caressed your back, “before everything happened? ” “I’ve always trusted him, you were skeptical but you came around.” Shuddering you drew closer to him, “Should I trust him now?” You whispered. “Yes,” he sad softly kissing you again, “he’s on our side, I told you some of the feelings attached to the memory would be confusing, but you’ll sort them out soon.” **** The next day aboard the Finalizer, the med tech prepped you for surgery, “You'll be groggy for a few hours afterward, we'll keep you drugged until the bacta treatment, “ you frowned. “You have my word Ma’am, you'll be safe in my care, and I'm sure,” he swallowed looking to Ben, “Commander Ren’s presence will further assure your safety.” “Thank you Dr? I'm sorry I haven't gotten your name yet.” He shifted, “I'm MT-2275,” he said uneasily eyeing Ben, “please relax I need to start an IV,” you sighed but the thought of being put under terrified you especially after Leobla’s brutal training. “I’ll be with you through each step,” Ben said, his hand resting on your shoulder. The med tech tried not to show his unease, but his hands started shaking. “Is there anyway that I can remain awake?” The med tech swallowed hard. “Ah, no ma’am, not safely,” you started to question him when you realized he meant the safety of the doctors and surgeons, frowning you nodded giving him your arm. “Just breathe,” he said as he inserted and situated the IV you concentrated on breathing. “I'll start you on just saline, you may have a funny sensation in your nose when the drip starts. When we get into the operating room, we'll start the sedative. Relax, I'll be back to move you soon.” Ben sat beside you on the bed, taking your hand between his, “I know you're scared,” he said, “but once you’ve healed we can begin our work,” he kissed your hand gently, “we'll keep up with mental training,” he looked serious and concerned. You wondered where the boy from your memory had gone, so carefree. “Hey,” he said softly squeezing your good hand. “I'm sorry,” you said softly, “I'm just scared and trying to bury it,” he stroked your face. “When do I have my first Bacta treatment?” “Tonight,” he said softly, “I’ll stay with you.” He said gently stroking your hair. “Like you did before,” he smiled. “Yes, like I did before, but you shouldn't be as confused this time around.” “I really thought you were dead Ben,” his smile faded. “In almost all ways, that boy is dead.” he said softly looking down at your hand. “You keep saying that, but then I get glimpses of him,” you squeezed his hand, “I think he's in there.” “It's him that you care about isn't it?” His voice had gone to a low whisper, as if he couldn't trust it. “I care about you, Ben-Kylo Ren, whatever name your heart wears mine belongs to it.” His look of shock overwhelmed you, “and yours belongs to mine.” The words hung in the air for a moment and neither of you breathed, then Ben leaned down and kissed you gently, you deepened the kiss not caring if it hurt. Your fingers were tangled in his hair when you heard a nervous cough. Red faced and embarrassed the med tech stood there, “We’re ready to begin Ma’am,” he said clearing his throat. Floating down the hallway you could hear Ben's boots hit the floor heavily beside you but you couldn't see him, before the operating room door opened he grasped your hand and you looked up into the visor of his helmet. “You're safe, I'll be behind the glass.” You nodded and relaxed against the bed. Two surgeons stood aside for the bed to attach to the new mooring while several surgeon and MD droids scurried around the room. “Please inhale this ma’am,”said one of the surgeons as he placed a plastic mask over our mouth and nose, a droid injected something into your IV and the operating room faded out. A few times you heard someone in the distance talk about increasing medication, and a few shouts but ultimately you stayed pinned to the bed unfeeling, until you awoke to a darkened room. Trying to look around you saw Ben's dark hair against the white sheet covering you. Your hand felt as heavy as lead but you lifted it to stroke his crown. Slowly he awoke and lifted his head, he smiled, “You look good for someone that tried to wreck an operating room.” “What?” You asked alarmed. “No one was hurt,” he said smiling, “but you woke up a few times, knocked over some machines, even crushed a droid.” You were in shock, “They didn't use enough did they?” He grinned and shook his head. “Nearly as bad as that time you had to have your appendix out,” he lifted your hand to his lips. You sighed, “I'm just a bad patient. I didn't hurt anyone?” “No, but I think they'll consider your request to be awake next time,” blushing you sighed. “How do you feel?” “Pretty good. Tired, I think they have me pretty doped up,” you felt surprisingly good. “How bad was my knee? “ “Bad, even if you hadn't walked around on it it would have needed surgery. How did you do that? I felt your pain and then suddenly nothing but rage.” Shrugging you said, “I'm not sure, I'd kept everything boxed, and drew on it like we practiced, but then suddenly I had access to all of my anger, I went cold, I could feel the pain but I just didn't care. Any word on TW-2479?” “He has been fitted with a prosthetic and resting, he has a few more days of leave and some more adjustments before he can go back to duty.” “Phasma?” The look she'd given you still haunted your thoughts. “She's…,” he stopped to think for a moment, “she's not sure what she saw, she's a little frightened, but she'll get over it soon, I promise.” “She pulled a blaster on me,” you relaxed back against the pillows. “She'd have to know I wouldn't hurt her.” Ben shifted to standing then pacing, “What she claims to have seen is impossible.” “What did she see Ben?” You could feel the dread rising within you. He took a deep breath, “She says your eyes turned yellow.” Cold crept across your body settling in your chest, “That's not possible,” you shuddered. “That's what I told her.” Ben stared at you, “What did the voice sound like?” “Like velvet to my mind, it told me to kill him, just like it told me to kill Leobla, it's the same one from my vision, I'm sure of it.” Frowning he said, “We need to find that temple,” he stopped pacing and came back to your side. “What?” You grinned, “Just thinking about the memory you gave me back,” you blushed, a small smile cracked his lips. “They must have you on something strong, “ he leaned down and kissed your forehead but you pulled him down and kissed him harder. “Hey,” he said, “there's plenty of time for that when you're healed.” He caressed your cheek gently, “he's coming, “ you straightened up and smiled at the med tech, which threw him off even more than your normal demeanor. “We're ready for you in the bacta room ma’am,” he swallowed. Ben nearly snickered but reined it in. The med tech helped you into a hover chair and pushed you down the hall to the bacta room. “This is a lot different than last time,”you said softly the drugs had made your fear subside and you were filled with wonder . “You're in much better shape and you don't need as heavy sedation as you did, although we barely kept you out.“ “Have the medics considered her request to not be sedated so she can meditate and speed healing?” The med tech nearly stumbled. “If I'm awake I can control my reactions better. Less chaos and mayhem.” Ben turned his head so he could smile at the mayhem comment. “I'll discuss it with the doctor on duty, even so you'll still be on a sedative.” Sighing you nodded as he prepped you and arranged the straps to lift you into the tank, it wasn't as terrifying this time. Ben watched as you were lowered into the thick liquid, you felt the sedative immediately and time became unreal again. A few times you opened your eyes you could see forms, and occasionally make out Ben sitting cross legged meditating. Every time you tried to meditate you dozed off, you felt the familiar pulsing as the muscle stimulators brought you to the surface of your consciousness. Soon you were dressed in a clean medical gown and we're off to your quarters. Still groggy you didn't pay much attention at first, “Were going the wrong way,” you said softly. “No, it's the right way,” said Ben squeezing your shoulder, “You'll be staying with me.” Once in the room he lifted you from the hover chair and put you in his bed. “We’ll begin PT in the morning Ma’am, somehow you've managed to almost fully heal yourself but the tendons need to be conditioned. Nodding you smiled as you relaxed into the covers, Ben excused the med tech and slipped in bed beside you. “So you’re almost completely healed? “He grinned stroking your cheek, “I'm impressed,” he took an inventory of all your injuries inspecting the to make sure you were healed. “Knee still tight?” Nodding you winced as he tried to stretch it, “Ohh stop,” he started massaging around it, “that tickles too much, owww!” “Sorry, I wish you were back to one hundred percent.” A frown crossed his features. “What is it?” You asked laying your head against him. “I'm leaving tomorrow. After hearing your med report I'd hoped you could go, but you're still under restriction.” He massaged your knee gently. “But I'll be ready in a week or so,” you could tell the thought of being separated bothered him just as much as it did you. “I know buy it can't be delayed, I think I finally have a location on the scavenger.” You stiffened. “Ben you can't face her alone,” your hand shook, “you have to wait.” “I won't initiate anything, I believe she found Luke.” “She's going to be stronger than she was,” you caressed his scar, “Did she give this to you?” He nodded, straddling him you kissed it fom beginning to end planting gentler kisses on his jaw, “Don't get close to her Ben, she'll kill you this time.” “I was injured when I faced her,” you could feel his deep sorrow as his hand absently rubbed his torso. “Did she give you that too?” “No…” he closed his eyes, fighting back tears. “What happened on StarKiller? Phasma mentioned it as if I'd know.” “I made a mistake, one I'll pay for forever. “ He leaned forward his head resting against you. You saw the horrible image from his dream. “That won't happen,” you stroked his hair thinking of the last time you'd seen Han. “That dream wasn't a vision Y/N.” His breath became ragged, “I killed him.” His words rolled around not connecting, “How?” You asked softly holding him tight against yourself. “I ran him through with my lightsaber and then Ch-chewie shot me.” You couldn't believe his confession, he killed Han. Months of repressed emotion flowed through him you pulled him down on the bed and rested his head against your heart. “Then what happened?” “I faced her, and with no skill or training she bested me, she cut through my knee and sliced my face. She looked like she'd kill me but then stopped.” “Why do you think she stopped,” he shook again as another sob wracked his body. “I don't know, she looked so angry, she… she thought of Han as her father, and then I took him away.” You kissed him gently while stroking his hair. “Do you plan on killing her? Or M-master Luke?” You could feel your own tears starting to trail down your face. Han died, you couldn't wrap your mind around it. Han and Ben had their differences but Han loved Ben fiercely. “I don't know, I...” he trailed off looking up at you, “I don't know what I'll do if I face her, I'm supposed to either turn her or kill her.” You caught a flash of her face from Ben's thoughts her teeth bared ready to land a killing strike but then she backed away. “She didn't want to kill you, she let her anger over take her,” you said softly, “Where is she?” “I've tracked them to an unnamed planet, Uncle Luke's been there for a while. It's only on the chart that we retrieved from empire records but even there it has no name. “ “The first temple?” the story came back to you, Master Luke had been obsessed with finding the first Jedi temple he told all kinds of tales of what he hoped to find there. He wanted to commune with the spirits of the first jedi. “I think so,” he relaxed against you as you stroked his scalp, he sighed contentedly a smile coming to his lips, “do you remember our plan to find it?” He asked wiping his eyes. Smiling you replied, “We’d take off and chart a way there finding it because we were the best Jedi in the galaxy, then we'd gather all this knowledge and bring it back to the academy.” He grinned nuzzling you, and then tilted his face up and brushed your lips with his, “More,” you said. He turned nimbly hovering over you, he brushed your lips again, “more,” he grinned kissing you again lingering until you opened your mouth to speak but he deepened the kiss sinking against you, his hands on either side of your head. Your hands slid along his sides and down his back, searching for any skin exposed, he sighed when your fingers found a small patch exposed at the small of his back. “More,” he said against your lips, you sized his bottom lip as you slid your fingers upwards over his smooth back. He groaned softly and kissed you hard, moving his hands to the tie at the side of your medical gown when his comm unit beeped, he cursed sitting up and answering it, “What!” He shouted and you had to stifle a laugh, he glared down at you and it made you laugh harder. “Ren,” it was Phasma’s voice, “We have a problem in the detention level, your assistance is requested.” He cursed again, he gave you a quick peck on the lips, “I'll be back as soon as I can.” “You'd better be,” he grinned and then placed his helmet on his head. “Rest, “ his modulated voice said, “when I come back I'm turning off the damn comm unit.” You snickered, after he stormed out you realized you really had to use the refresher. The med tech had left crutches, you summoned them with the force and eventually got up and hobbled to the refresher. It was an invasion of privacy you knew but you couldn't help going through his things, smelling his shampoo and seeing what he kept in his medicine cabinet. Surprisingly not a lot, almost everything on the shelves were things from your bathroom that someone had packed up and moved to Ben's quarters. All he had were a few grooming products, curiosity satisfied for now you headed back to the bedroom and opened the viewport and gasped. p> At cruising speed the Finalizer sailed through the Bilbringi Shipyards where there were dozens of ships nearly its size under construction. Feeling rather than seeing Ben come back in the room he walked up behind you, “Beautiful isn't it?” “It's breath taking, I've always wanted to see it,” he nuzzled your neck. “When did the first order take control of it?” “A few months ago, soon we'll have a whole fleet of Resurgent Class ships,” you shuddered as he pulled you against him. “Soon our forces will be doubled, the Resistance won't have a chance.” The pride swelled within him, “Has there been a negotiation with the Resistance? A way to come to peace?” “You know that any peace would be false and just delay the inevitable.” His lips were against your neck and his fingers made quick work of the ties holding your gown together. It fell away pooling at your feel. He scooped you up, “I didn't know you were wearing nothing under this,” he said, his voice at a low growl. Smiling you pulled him in for a sultry kiss, he laid you down on the bed and stepped back. He pulled and unfastened his outer robes pushing his suspenders down over his shoulders. Dropping everything but his underwear to the floor he crawled over top of you. “Now where were we?” he asked, his voice smooth and eyes full of lust. “I think we skipped a few steps,” you said softly your fingers dipping to his waist band and inching the tight fitting underwear down slowly. “I wanted to jump to where we should have been,” he slid down flush against you as you wrapped your legs around him. Only the thin material separated you, you could feel every inch of him as he pressed against you. “I'm not letting you go this time, “ you said as his hands moved over you pulling soft moans from your lips. “I made death threats. I am not to be disturbed until morning,” you raised your eyebrow. “I get you to myself all night?” He nodded before nipping your lower lip. “Let's not waste any of it,” your voice caught in your throat as he nipped his way down your neck, each one harder than the one before. Reversing his hold you rolled him onto his back, the shock didn't have a chance register before you ground against him leaning forward kissing him deeply. Your hands slid up his chest as his hands trailed along your back raising goosebumps then without warning he flipped you back onto your back grinning goofily as he kissed you, working his underwear down he toed it off. Nothing separated you now, not time or distance. “Are you sure?” He asked as if terrified of the answer. “Yes, I'm just as sure as I was then,” he smiled sinking against your body as he stretched forward tucking your hair behind your ears and kissing you tenderly, slowly building to smouldering passion until you were writhing beneath him. *** Every muscle felt exquisitely heavy as you neared the surface of consciousness, Ben's body pressed against yours making you sigh contentedly until an intrusive sound piqued your attention. You tried to sit but his heavy arm held you close like a vice, the view screen beeped against the darkness, stretching you removed his arm and he rolled over mumbling in his sleep. You touched the screen to see that you had a message waiting. Groaning you opened it. It had no video but a scratchy audio file heavily distorted in some parts, the data must have been corrupted by radiation at some point but it was clearly Master Luke's Voice: “Y/N! An old friend has told me you may be in danger. Please meet me at the back up extraction point, I'll wait for you for 7 standard days.” You played it several more times in disbelief you knew where to find Luke. “Ben!” You hissed nudging him with the force before hobbling back to bed, “Ben wake up!” You were nearly in a panic, you wanted desperately to meet with Master Luke but you couldn't hide this from Ben. Not now, not ever. He mumbled, “Whaa?” He tried to focus on you, “What is it?” “You have to listen to this,” you replayed the message and he sat straight up. “Play it again,” he listened to it several more times. “How did he get get it to me? “ You asked, Ben stood with his back turned and slipped on his pants. He paced back and forth. “It's Obi Wan again,” he mumbled. “How?” “When he looked in your mind he must have swiped the codes, I told you he's only trouble.” “But we know where he is now,” you said softly. Ben turned to you, “You know what that means?” Nodding you pulled up the star map, “ He's there,” you said pointing to Onderon, “it was the meetup site if anything went really wrong at the school…” you trailed off. Ben looked astonished. “I remember that,” he said agreeing pulling up the planet specifications and maps. “It's only about three days away,” he stood there calculating. “It's got to be a trap, if we get the fleet mobilized we could--” “He wouldn't set a trap, he thinks I'm on the path to the dark side.” You slid down to the floor resting your back against the bed. “You're not going alone.” He sounded almost angry, but kept, his tone level. “Are you going with me?” Ben frowned and started pacing again. “If I go, I go in peace, I won't bring down a hell storm when he only wanted to check on me.” “In peace !? He infiltrated our network…” “In peace Ben Solo. “ Chapter 11 : Through passion I gain strength Summary: You find an old friend and deal with more memories. Through passion I gain strength. The small vessel touched down, stretching your knee you stood to flip the remaining switches for the power down cycle. It had taken two days but between your determination and the med tech’s skill your knee worked well enough to walk with a cane, you were unsteady but it was as good as it would get for a few more days. Ben scanned the horizon, “I can't pick anything up on scanners but you're right, he's close.” he squinted. “See that?” You pointed to an out cropping, “it looks like a standard issue rebellion hab-pod.” “Yeah with camo-netting over it. “ He cursed, “This is as close as we're gonna get, think you can make it?” Nodding you gathered up your pack and attached your saber to your utility belt, “Ready?” “Yeah, ready for a trap.” He said angrily, when he caught your glance he scowled, “What do you want my saber so I won't cut him down?” You raised your eyebrow, “Fine!” He yelled tossing his saber at you. “I forgot how annoying you get when you plan a mission,” he said sourly. It took over two hours to climb to the hab at your pace, Ben had to help carry you over some of the more difficult rocks. When you finally reached the rise you saw the hab before you, your breath hitched when the door opened and Luke walked out. Dropping your cane you ran at him and embraced him hard, tears streaming down your face. He slowly placed his arms around you and then embraced you just as fiercely. With a shaking voice you told him you missed him. “I'm just glad you're alive sweet heart,” he said pulling back caressing your cheek, “when you never came back I... I thought the worst had happened.” You cried harder hugging him again. Ben watched from a distance his visor glinting in the pale sunlight, Master Luke stiffened, “We're here in peace Master Luke” you said softly Luke relaxed but only slightly when you handed him your lightsabers. “Come inside,” he said tensely, “both of you.” Motioning to Ben he approached slowly watching Luke retreat inside the building, Ben's cloak whipped around him, “I don't like it,” his modulated voice harsh. “We’re welcome,” you said trying to reassure him. “You're welcome, I'm not.” he said looking down at you. Grasping his hand you pulled him through the doorway he gave little resistance. Luke stood in the corner removing his outer cloak in the warmth of the habitat. A young woman stirred a stew on the cookstove. She looked much younger than you expected, lean and almost feral, the scavenger you realized. Dipping your head you walked deeper in and started to remove your cloak, Ben stood stiffly behind making no move to remove his cloak or helmet. You started to nudge him when he spoke, “You see that she's well, is that all you wanted old man?” Gaping at Ben you shook your head, “Ben forgets his manners master,” you took a ration pack from your belt, “I have provisions to add to your meal if we may join,” the scavenger took the pack from you. “Bread?” she asked, you nodded. She busied herself activating the bread, it started rising in the packaging and steam leaked from the seams. She looked over shoulder at you suspiciously but returned to her task. “You are welcome at my table, but you must come in brotherhood.” Luke extended his hand and you shook it heartily, he turned his gaze to Ben who turned his head to you. Motioning to Ben you could feel the anger roll off of him, finally with a distorted sigh Ben slunk over to the table and shook Luke's hand. “In brotherhood,” he said angrily. Luke nodded solemnly and motioned to the Scavenger, she brought over bowls of the steaming stew and the bread now fully baked. the four of you sat down Ben remained stoic and helmeted until you nudged him hard with the force, finally after sighing again he removed it and scowled at everyone around the table. The scavenger’s eyes seemed glued to Ben's face, his scowl deepened when he caught her staring. She looked down at her stew then started eating ravenously as if she feared someone would snatch it away. Picking up your spoon you dug in, despite being mostly ration protein and foraged vegetables it was tasty and familiar. You smiled and the corner of Luke’s mouth turned up and he began eating himself. Ben moved the food around with his spoon but took a chunk of bread and ate it instead. Rolling your eyes you continued eating. After the meal finished you cleared the table and the scavenger helped you wash up the dishes. “I’m Y/N,” you said softly. “I’m Rey,” she held out her hand and you shook it, she smiled and it warmed your heart a bit. “I've heard a bit about you,” you said smiling. “I've heard about you too, “ she said glancing over your shoulder concerned about leaving them together. “He's on his best behavior,” you said softly. She frowned, “I've only seen him at his worst.” “Believe me, that wasn't his worst,” you turned to look at him, his eyes focused on you then narrowed at the girl beside you. “Tell me Luke Skywalker, why do you believe my apprentice is in danger?” Ben brought his hands into a fist resting his chin on it. You crossed the room to stand behind him. “She's surrounded by darkness, she's fragmented, I'd say she's in terrible danger.” Luke's scowl matched Ben's as they stared at each other from across the table. “Master Luke,” you said gently, “I'm not in danger, I…” “Obi-Wan said you were badly injured and that you refused to leave, to abandon Ben.” “Kylo Ren,” Ben said firmly, “My name is Kylo Ren.” “Whatever you call yourself now, if she's near you she's in danger.” Ben stiffened, you placed your hand on his shoulder. He relaxed marginally, “Her injury was not my doing.” He said looking down, you could feel that Luke struck a nerve. “Obi wan told me you allowed it to happen, that and worse things.” Ben looked at him anger in his eyes. “He told me you allowed her to be at the mercy of Snoke. Would you kill her if he commanded you.” “Yes.” The admission should have shocked or hurt you but it didn't, you knew the reasoning behind it. He would kill you to keep you from a far worse fate. “Master Luke,” you started but he held his hand up, Rey stared at you from across the room, as if she didn't know whether or not a fight was soon to break out. “Does anything of my nephew still exist?” “No, I destroyed him long ago,” you looked down, a tear had formed. “If it were Ben sitting before me Y/N, I wouldn't fear for your safety, but Kylo Ren admits that Ben no longer exists. Come with me.” His blue eyes seemed brighter than they had been since you'd landed. “Master Luke…” “There is no way she leaves with you old man, we only came because she insisted we had to. The next time we meet, I kill you.” Ben stood and pushed away from the table and stalked out side. Wanting to cry you held back, instead sitting in Ben's chair, facing Luke. “Master Luke, I'm sorry.” You said softly. “Still apologizing for him?” He shook his head sadly, “Come with me, help me finish Rey’s training, the three of us can turn the tide in this war.” His eyes were pleading and his hand warm as he took yours into his. “I’m sorry, I can't,” you could feel the pull to him towards the light, it was strong and it was warm. It felt like the future you had dreamed of as a padawan. “I’m on Ben’s side.” Luke squeezed your hand gently. “Ben is dead, he would have never killed Han, killed students,” tears were now on your cheeks, “I don't know what he's done to you, so much of who you are is just gone, when you left to confront him you told me he’d either return with you or you'd kill him. When you didn't come back I…” he trailed off. “You figured he'd killed me,” he nodded. “There's so much darkness around you and in you,” he shook his head, “Obi Wan is right, if you stay with him, it will consume you. “ “I think it's already too late,” you said softly Luke shook his head but you pushed on, “I hurt someone, badly I wanted to kill him, I heard… I heard a voice,” your voice caught, “Master Luke,” you shook your head, “I don't know that I can come back from the path I've started down.” “Don't let him pull you down this path,” it sounded like a plea, “your love for Ben is going to be twisted until you won't recognize yourself.” “The Supreme Leader has hooked him with this idea that, if the First Order takes control it will end the war in the galaxy, that through fighting and winning this war in the end the good will outweigh the bad.” You couldn't meet his gaze, “Ben saved my life, but not only that, I was gone, “ you looked up at him, “ I lost everything, the school, you, Ben, then my whole family. I'd lost everyone I'd ever known, ever cared about, then Ben came back in my life.” You trembled, “I can't turn my back on him, if I leave him now his last shred of what makes him Ben will snap. “ Luke's expression was unreadable, “You really believe he's in there?” “I believe in Ben as much as you believed in Anakin.” Luke squeezed your hand and stood, crossing over to Rey who stood there arms crossed, “I know you hate him Rey, I, I don't remember everything that happened that shaped who he is… I asked him to take it away before I ended up with my parents, but I know who he is on the inside. He doesn't enjoy what he's become, he believes he's doing the right thing. I can't leave him again, I can't lose him again Master Luke,” standing you turned to leave, Luke crossed to you and pulled you into a crushing hug and you sobbed into his shoulder. “There will always be a place for you with me, you know that,” he kissed your cheek gently, “I wish I could make you come with me, but you have to go where the force leads you.” He squeezed your arm gently. “Thank you Master Luke, may the force be with you,” he nodded. “May the force be with you,” he replied, he wiped a tear away from his grizzled cheek as he handed you both of the lightsabers. Exiting the hab the wind hit you full force, you hadn't felt its chill on the climb up you limped to Ben's form at the edge of the out cropping and handed him his light saber. He hung it from his belt and handed you your cane. “I'd better carry you down,” he said, the modulator sounding far away, nodding you climbed on his back when he stooped and he force lept his way down the rocks. At the bottom you were numb, sliding off Ben's back he turned to you tilting your face up, “Don't waste tears on him.” His voice while meant to be tender came through the modulator harsh making you cry harder. He removed the mask and kissed you gently, then picked you up and carried you into the small ship. He placed you in the bunk sitting on the edge stroking your back. “Do you want to stay with him?” His voice shook as he asked the question. Pulling him down you wrapped your arms around him, “No,” you stroked his face, “No, I'm always with you. “ He pulled you tight against himself. “Rest, I'll take us out,” you shook your head. “I’ll help,” you said he held out a hand and pulled you up, kissing you again gently, he led you towards the cockpit hand in hand. Taking a seat the two of you ran through preflight check and finally took off. Staying low you surveyed the planet until you felt it, a pull to the southern continent , “Ben…. Do you feel that?” He nodded his hands flying over the sensors, your breath caught the closer you came, “Is that it?” You hovered over it, a black stepped pyramid, nodding mutely Ben circled it. The sensors were showing faulty readings bouncing back and forth blowing a few of the gauges you yelled and Ben cursed, your vessel started going down, it would take days to repair, Ben managed to land it in a clearing in the jungle. Cursing you both ran checks, the electrical damage seemed pretty bad. “Comm signal?” he cursed throwing a water canister, you shook your head. “What about suborbital comms?” Ben glared at you. “We're not calling my uncle.” He said angrily, getting to work you both started pulling out panels and started repairs. After several hours only about 10 percent of the electrical repairs were completed, “Do you think we're far enough away to lift off when we're done?” Closing your eyes and reached out, the ambient energy was still evident at this distance but reduced, “We should be able to,” you sighed wiping sweat away from your brow.”I'm going to make some rations, any preference?” He shook his head and began stripping down the drive panel. Once in the tiny galley you went through the supplies you had enough for about 2 months, repairs would only take a few days at most but the temple, you sighed, who knew how long that would take. Stretching your leg and testing weight on it you selected a meat and cheese ration and activated them, checking the water reserves you found only had about a week's worth which meant sonic showers, you made a face but came back to the cockpit with the food and a pitcher of water sitting down on the floor next to Ben. He ate hungrily and downed several glasses of water. “Navigation is shot,” he said, “but I think we can rewire a backup sensor panel to work until we can get to an inhabited planet and get a new one,” you nodded. “Wiring is close enough, that would work for a short time.” he grunted scraping the last of the cheese from the packaging. “We’ve had worse circumstances,” you nodded in agreement and leaned against him. “We were stranded for almost two weeks that one time with no supplies,” he nodded. “You had to keep force healing me,” he said wrapping an arm around you. “Well you kept reopening your wound you nearly had blood poisoning when we were rescued,” he chuckled. “This will be easy compared to that, we have food, shelter and work to keep us busy, among other things,” he smiled kissing your cheek. “Come on let's rest for a while,” he stood and pulled you to your feet. Climbing into the small bunk you laid with your face to the wall and he wrapped his arms around you pulling you in close, with in moments he was out, you sighed, the matter of Master Luke was still heavy on your heart. Trying to fight it you sniffled holding back a building sob, he murmured pulling you closer, “Don't worry,” he said softly, squeezing your midsection, “We'll figure it out.” Your mind wouldn't quiet down, you kept running through scenarios ending up with Luke or Ben dead, Rey dead by your hand you shuddered. Ben’s leg swung over you heavily, “You think really loud,” he said half asleep. “Hey,” he said, pulling you until you turned to face him, “this is war and it's ugly,” he pulled your head over his heart. At some point you passed out, but it was fitful sleep plagued by nightmares, you saw a field full of bodies of different ages surrounding the school. All of the buildings were on fire, you didn't know duracrete could burn. “BEN!!!” you kept screaming but you couldn't feel him, the sounds and pain around you were too much, you couldn't breathe, a small girl you'd trained yourself for a year laid gasping at your feet you picked her up, “ Hang on sweetheart,” you said hoarsely, she gurgled and the force left her, “No no nono, BEN!!!!” You screamed again becoming frantic. Almost all the younglings were dead or close to death, you were frantic still clutching the child's body when a pair of hands grabbed you from behind, Master Luke's eyes were wet with tears. “You need to let go of her, we have to help those that still need it,” he said gently but you refused to let her go, her blood covering the front of your tunic. “Don't forsake the living for the dead.” You could see the pain in his eyes. “Ben?” You asked trembling. “I can't sense him either, let's help who we can help Y/N,” the pair of you went from corpse to corpse checking for life you found a Rhodian youngling with a lightsaber burn on his chest. Channeling as much force as you could muster you force healed him enough to stabilize him. “I found one! Alive!,” you shouted. “Take him to the med bay and get the med droids started on him bring back a medical sled we should be able to load several on it. You nodded and and force sprinted to the infirmary clutching the small boy to your chest. He came around enough to start crying, “I know it hurts little one,” you said gently, as you rushed into the infirmary. The sight took your breath, the MD droids were slashed to bits as we're the medical sleds, finally you found a med table on wheels, placing the child in a bed you fumbled with what medical equipment you recognized giving him a pain shot measured out by the sensor and sprayed his wounds with bacta, “be a brave boy for me okay,” his terrified face nodded and he curled into a ball crying. “I’ll be right back!” rushing you came to master Luke, he had found one of the food services workers. “What happened Mag?” he asked gently as he healed her chest wound. She gurgled and her eyes rolled back into her head. Master Luke's fists shook and he directed you to 3 more younglings . “Master,” you said catching your breath the infirmary is in shambles,” he blanched. “We’ll treat what we can, New Republic forces should be here by morning.” You woke up in a cold sweat gasping for air, Ben's arm reached out for you but you ducked it crouching in the corner of the berth until he settled back to sleep. Crawling over him you made your way to the galley and activated the caf dispenser. Taking a steaming cup you climbed up the ladder to the ship's top access hatch and crawled out. Watching the sun peek over the trees you sat on the hull lost in thought, after a half hour had passed Ben awoke and started searching for you. You heard the ramp extend with a hiss and he ran out into the jungle circling the ship, then hearing him land nimbly beside you he sat and touched your shoulder gently, “Y/N-” he started but you shrugged his hand off. “Don't touch me Kylo Ren.” Chapter 12 : Through strength, I gain power Summary: Repairs are going slow and you're still pissed at Ren as you deal with more of your past coming back to you. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Chapter 12 Through strength, I gain power. The next several days passed quietly since you refused to speak to Kylo Ren. On the first day he stormed off and hacked through nearly an acre of jungle, bringing back some fruits and a small animal that he roasted. It smelled delicious but you ate ration packs ignoring him completely. The second day you moved into the cockpit putting some distance between yourself and him. The bedroll from the survival pack was too thin but you made it work. Ren sat in the small hallway talking in general about the remaining repairs. Occasionally recounting some adventure you'd shared back at the academy, his hopes for your training, anything to keep the silence from becoming heavy. Day three you sliced your thumb to the bone with a fusioncutter and Kylo Ren silently cleaned and bandaged it with bacta plasters. He took the allowed touching as a good sign but when he tried speaking you just looked down acting as if you couldn't hear him. Eventually he stopped talking and just laid down next to you on the floor of the cockpit. On the fourth day he lost it, he started screaming and yelling about how he couldn’t stand the sound of his own voice anymore and that you had to speak to him. You had to tell him what he had done wrong. He started pacing, then he got down on his knees in front of you, “Tell me what I did?” He plead with you, but you stood and walked out of the ship. You went to the edge of the clearing and mediated. Locking your mind against him you searched with in looking for more memories that were hidden or hazy, you’d found an unfortunate amount. When you opened your eyes he sat next to you deep in meditation when you stood to leave he spoke, “Wait,” he said softly looking up at you, his eyes glinting with tears. You sat back down across from him, “Please,” he said, “just tell me why you’ve shut me out?’ “Saebi, Lorna, Mariella, Odrup.” He looked puzzled. “Which means?” He tried to take your hand but you leaned back out of his grip, his jaw clenched and unclenched several times. “Those were their names.” “Whose names?” “The younglings that you killed,” you stood and stalked away, he scrambled after you, his face white. “Younglings that I killed, do you mean at the academy?” He asked frantically. “Yes,” you refused to face him. “Y/N,” he touched your hand and you pulled it back as if burned, “How did you remember this?” “It came back to me in a dream, Lorna I held in my arms as she died, Odrup…. I sat with him all night listening to his breathing get shallower and shallower, the New Republic forces showed up an hour too late…” You were furious, “I could rip the life out of you right now.” Baring his teeth he got in your face, “Then why don’t you do it? I’d prefer a real fight to all of the attitude and silent treatment!” Your last restraint snapped and you threw him hard with the force into a nearby tree. You felt your rage burning, itching to hurt him. “Because I can’t live without you again!” You shouted back at him, he deflated and looked down. “Because I can’t stand not talking to you anymore, if I killed you, if you died,” you bit back your tears. “If I killed you, it wouldn't bring them back.” Releasing him you turned to leave. He reached out for you but you slapped his hand away, he grabbed you by the wrist and pulled you in close against him, you pushed against him fighting him but then melted against him crying. He wrapped his arms around you and slowly sank to the ground pulling you into his lap. “I need you too much to kill you, to leave you, but I can't forgive you.” He stroked your hair as you sobbed against him. “I won't ask for forgiveness, only acceptance: I had it before, what changed that?” Wiping your eyes you looked up at him. “Ren,” he winced, “knowing what you did is one thing, but to clean up after,” you took a breath trying to smooth the shaking from your voice, “to wrap children in their cloaks because there aren't enough body bags, to hold them as they take their last breath, many of them begging for a mother they’ll never see again? That's different. I don't know how I'm going to live with this but I'll have to. All because I can't kill you and I won't leave you.” Sniffling you straightened looking him in the eye, “Just tell me why you did it?” “Because the Supreme Leader commanded me to,” he trembled, “it's…” he started but he didn't finish, he closed his eyes, “I did it for the greater good, because if I had waited until they were adults we may not have succeeded.” He searched your eyes, you were horrified by his admission. “What harm would more Jedi have done?” “There's something dark coming,” he started looking into the distance, “We have to have one united front against it, the jedi would have splintered the galaxy again. Uniting behind Snoke is the only way we can beat it.” He looked down at his hands resting on your knees. “Unless Snoke is that darkness and he's just using you to get rid of the competition before it has a chance to challenge him.” He looked wounded that you could think such a thing. “He isn't using me,” you could tell a conflict had been sparked in him, he pushed you gently off his lap and stalked off into the jungle. You could hear the crash and pop of branches and trunks as they fell. Starting back for the ship you felt the temple call to you again as it had over the last several days, it was getting harder to ignore but you knew the repairs had to be completed first. Which meant you'd have to leave the planet and return, the temple didn't like that plan but it was stationary so it would have to just deal with your planning. With climate control off to save fuel the ship had become just as hot as the jungle you had every vent and view port open to try and encourage any airflow but it mostly felt stagnant and humid. Crawling back under a panel near the hyper-drive you sighed as you pulled out even more wiring that needed stripped and redone. At this point you'd had to sacrifice almost all non essential systems just to get off the planet. At least two more days worth of work, water reserves were low but B-Ren you corrected yourself, had found a stream and you hadn't stripped the purifier yet. That could be last thing broken down then you could lift off with 7 days of water to find some station or someone to help. As far as you could tell any system that had been on got fried by the energy wave from the temple. Luckily things like the hyper-drive had shielding but everything else relied on the shield generator that was unfortunately disabled during lift off, you made a mental note to make sure it's on when you came back. You heard Ren stomp back onto the ship. He called to you but you didn't answer, he came into the aft and leaned against the blast doors. “I think maybe we should get the tent out and sleep outside tonight.” You agreed, “there aren't two…” He said idly, “We’ll have to share.” He waited for a response but you sighed, “I don't want to sleep alone.” He said softly, “I need you, you calm me.” “Give me back more memories and I'll sleep with you in the tent,” he sputtered. “You don't understand, not all of them are good-” He began. “Not good? A bad memory is running through a field of dead children searching for someone you love terrified he's among the dead, then waking up and wishing he had been. Pass me the sonic wrench,” you said. “A worse memory is waking up in cold sweat next to that same man, thank you,” you murmured when he placed the wrench in your outstretched hand. “Who doesn't understand why that would upset you.” “I understand why it upsets you,” he said trying to get down to your level but you were too far under the panel, “but there are feelings attached to a lot of these memories that will be hard to deal with.” He sat with his back to the wall playing with some frayed wiring, “I don't want you to hurt yourself.” You laughed and asked him for some thermal tape, he passed it to you, “Haven't you ever wondered about the scar on your wrist? I know the leather bracelet covers most of it…” You slid out from under the panel, “What scar on my wrist, I don't have a,” but there it was, 4 inches in length and long faded to white, you looked at him, “I would never…” It hurt to look at it, like it was almost hard to see, you shook your head, “You made me forget about it, didn't you?” “I only took away what you asked me to,” he had tears in the corner of his eyes, “How would you like to walk into your bedroom and find the woman you love half dead and soaked in her own blood knowing you're the cause?” His voice was a low whisper, “you said you didn't want to live in a galaxy where I was capable of such darkness. I had to stitch you up myself we were days away from any doctor. Those memories almost killed you. I won't give them back, especially not out like this.” “I feel like I don't know who I am! I have to wonder about everything.” Ben tried to take your hand in his and calm you, but you ripped it away. “I. DON’T. KNOW. WHO. I. AM!” You screamed throwing the wrench. You heard something break near the cockpit, it was your turn to storm out and you did. Heading into the jungle you ignited your blade and took off, slashing, you didn't know where you going but you were drawn to it, around dusk you stopped resting against a tree trunk. There was something just beyond the tree line but you couldn't make it out. Breaking through you saw the black pyramid shaped temple in the distance, your heart deflated. It didn't look flaming, you walked out towards it when you heard several pops and the path to the pyramid flared to life as it started burning against the quickly darkening sky. Swallowing you tore your eyes away, you knew you needed to get back to the ship, you weren't sure how long you had walked or if Ren followed you. Turning felt painful and every step away sliced at you. Breathing heavily you made it to the tree line and knelt, approach it, the voice hissed in your ear. “I can't,” you said, “I need to go back I can't do it this way,” it almost sounded like it laughed. Silently you plead with Ben to come to you, not sure of how long you could fight the now overwhelming urge to enter the temple. About 15 minutes later you felt him, “Y/N” he shouted dropping to his knees beside you, he forced his canteen to your lips and you drank as much as you could hold. He wrapped his arms around you, “When you didn't come back I thought,” he looked at the pyramid, “it won't let you go will it?” You shook your head and he blanched, “I'll take you back to the ship, you're in no shape to face whatever it throws at you.” Picking you up he started back to the ship every step away hurt like a knife jabbing under your ribs about a kilometer away you could breathe normally again. “I think I can walk now Ben,” a smile started at the corner of his lips. “You called me Ben,” you sighed as he sat you on your feet. You kissed him lightly on his cheek. “I still don't like the name Kylo Ren,” you said shuddering. “Thank you, I don't know what would have happened if you hadn't saved me,” he smiled wrapping an arm around your waist. “Think you'll be able to resist it till we take off? “ Nodding you said, “The more space we put between it and ourselves the easier it is to ignore. That close it's overwhelming,” you shuddered again. “I feel its pull but nothing like that, “ he looked down at you, “but then again it didn't send me a vision, we need to speak to the Supreme Leader.” For once you agreed, you didn't want to go anywhere near it without his opinion. Later you were laying in the tent next to him his arm slipped around you in his sleep and he drug you closer, you relaxed against him, despite your anger you missed the closeness. Truning over his face looked serene in sleep, you stroked his cheek making him smile and brushed your lips against his, burying your face against him you whispered an apology. You couldn't expect him to be more than he is, you cried softly for the dead, for the boy he had been and the life the two of you could had. Would it have been better had he not done the horrible things that led you here? Would Master Luke have accepted your relationship? You fingered the leather bracelet remembering the night you donned it. Durring a mission gone wrong you'd met a native tribe strong in the force but with no real technology but as you'd been taught the force often led you where you were needed not where you intended to go. Together you fought off the pirate group that had been terrorizing them. You'd made your first kill in the line of duty Ben held you as you sobbed over taking a life. They honored you and Ben with a feast and a bonding ceremony . You'd tried to explain to them a that you were too young and that your kind didn't marry but they told you they could see the deep bonds of love that held you together. They could tell what was in your hearts and wouldn't hear of an objection. You were married at the base of a snow covered mountain their priest calling down the gods of the mountain to make your love steadfast and true as you tied a leather bracelet around each other wrist. The priest said as long as you wore them you belonged to each other. The little children threw snow flowers in the air and danced. Ben had the biggest grin on his face when he kissed you. Upon returning Master Luke could sense a difference in you both but commented that you worked together better than any of his other knights. Probably assuming things had become physical between you, never guessing that things were cemented between you. He'd drop warnings or give speeches about a life of service and sacrifice. Princess Leia told you and Ben on one of your visits about how Luke had lost the only person he’ loved during the war and wink. Your mother knew that holiday break when Ben came home with you, she said she didn't think your father needed to know yet. Holding your breath you delved a little deeper in your memory meeting resistance as you hit the wall of a repressed memory. Sighing you pushed against it and through the pain until it snapped. Ben wanted to tell everyone and you fought about it endlessly before a trip to Hosnian Prime. His parents were both going to be there as was Master Luke, you begged him not to tell them you were sure it would be the end of your careers as Jedi. You'd both only just passed the trials and we're officially Jedi Knights. Coming into orbit there was an agreement struck, Leia and Han would be told then Luke depending on their reactions. You argued that they would tell you it wasn't real since that planet was not a member of the New Republic. Snoke figured hard into his argument that he thought Luke should be open to the ways of the ancient Jedi. Meeting with his parents went horribly, Han lost his mind yelling at both of you, you were too young for this sort of thing and then rounding on Leia when she tried to offer support. Then he shook Ben asking if he'd gotten you pregnant. He started screaming about how a baby would ruin your lives. Ben went off the rails and so did Leia, you’d never seen a triple Solo show down and you hoped you'd never see one again. The argument ended with both father and son slamming doors: Ben to his room and Han leaving for the starport. Leia sat on the white sofa sipping a dark purple brandy, she eyed you then handed you your own tumbler nearly full. She explained Han didn't think that children ruined your life, that he loved Ben… they just weren't ready for him when he came. Two people with demanding careers that didn't allow for family life should think long and hard about children and marriage, she explained that finding a balance is hard, and you could only really do well at one thing while the other two suffered. She showed you to a guest room where you laid on the bed for a while staring at the ceiling. When you heard the door open you moved over and Ben flopped down beside you. Pulling him in close you kissed him, he made a face at your breath but you handed him the tumbler, he downed its contents and laid back. He talked about running away to the outer rim, you could have a life there away from everyone he said, you nodded curling against him but you knew you could never leave, you'd wanted to be a jedi your entire life. With a jerk you came back to you self suddenly, Ben's hazel eyes were focused on your face, “Are you okay?” You nodded holding onto him tighter. He kissed your forehead. “I'm sorry,” you said softly. “There's no need to apologize,” he looked at you, “but thank you,” his hand trailed up and down your back, “I'm sorry you had to deal with the aftermath of what I did.” “I mean that I refused to run away,” he stiffened. “Another one came back didn't it?” “Yes,” you said trying not to tremble, the tears were at the brink of spilling but you fought them. “Which one?” “When we went to Hosnian Prime for break.” “And you think everything could have been avoided had we just left?” Nodding the tears started flowing, he sighed, “Sometimes I think about what might have happened, but in reality our parents would have found us, I don't think it would have done anything to change the future.” “You think about it sometimes?” Asking in a small voice barely above a whisper. “I have... I do from time to time, we'd find a planet and make a homestead raise sheep and bantha. We'd build a house and just rely on each other,” he smiled, “You'd knit sweaters for me and I'd carve things out of wood and no one would bother us. “ Watching him intently as he struggled with the next sentence, “I don't know why but I always imagine children,” he watched you guardedly, “a little boy with your eyes and a little girl with my hair,” you could feel your heart stammering in your chest. “I doubt we'll ever get that ending,” you could hear how thick his voice had become as he wiped away a tear. Laughing softly you hugged him but he frowned, “No I'm not laughing at you, it just matches what I always think of,” he looked amazed. “Show me,” he whispered, you showed him the little cottage that the pair of you built with your own hands, a small swing in the large tree in the backyard. Two children ran around the yard squealing: a little girl with his dark wavy locks and a little boy with your eyes, you felt his breath become broken. You looked up his tears were on his cheeks, you showed him inside your home, the little flagstones he'd laid with care and the kitchen you'd both worked so hard to build. The solar arrays so you'd have lights and a way to cook and take hot showers. “You can't have imagined the same thing,” he said, holding you tightly. “Yours is like this?” He nodded showing you the little path that led to a small creek behind the home and the shed where you'd installed the water purifier, you gasped at the tree carved with your initials as the same children chased colorful bugs. The similarities were overwhelming, Ben had imagined the same exact children, the same home everything. “Ben…” you started but he kissed you tenderly, he pulled back speechless, “do you think it's a vision? Of the future?” “More like a torment,” he said softly, “likely just something we’ve shared back and forth through our bonbbond over the years.” You stroked his hair, “something I'll never deserve,” he cried in earnest and you held him until you both fell asleep. The next morning you awoke alone, peeking your head out if the tent you saw Ben pulling out meter after meter of tubing for water collection, “Have you eaten yet?” You asked walking up behind him and kissing his cheek. He shook his head, his mood still low from last night's talk, “Any preference? “ He murmured something about sausage and went back to untangling the tubing and winding it around a spool. Wrapping your arms around him you peeked over his shoulder, “We’ll have our happy ending Ben,” he looked fragile, “even if we have to make it happen.” Lowering the gangway you entered the ship to retrieve rations. Activating the ones that Ben wanted you grabbed a few and packed them for the trek to the stream along with two cantines you couldn't wait to be off of this planet and away from the temple. Coming back out you couldn't spot him, but you found him behind the ship working on a kink in the line before attaching it. “The tech that prepared this ship is fired when we get back,” he said darkly, you helped him untangle it then attached the coupling to the port. “Fired is maybe a bit strong, this is usually done in zero gee and the lines are magnetized so they don't kink or tangle,” he looked at you smirking. “Know it all,” he said chuckling. “I just think they didn't expect us to pull it out at no power under gravity, “ he pulled you in for a playful kiss. “Fine but you get to discipline the tech,” you made a face and he chuckled again. “Breakfast is ready,” he followed you back to the ramp and sat down picking at his nerf sausage and porridge, “Ben, are you okay?” He nodded but you nudged him. “Despite being stranded I'm going to miss being so free here with you,” you smiled and leaned against him. “We can be together there too,” you said softly, “We just have to be mindful, or,” you paused, “We could run away like we should have all those years ago.” Thinking about it as he chewed, you saw several expressions float over his face, “Snoke would find us, then he'd order me to kill you as punishment,” he looked at you, “I wouldn't…. I,” he looked down at his porridge, “Neither of us would survive, if I refuse to kill you he'd do something horrible, or he'd order you to kill me… neither of us would survive.” Wrapping an arm around his waist you closed your eyes and rested your head on his shoulder. “Then we'll take it one day at a time until we’re free.” Notes: Thank you for your patience, my beta also wishes to apologize for the delays. Sometimes life just gets in the way.