hux supposes it's some sort of stockholme syndrome or lima syndrome; neither of them wants to be with the other but they cannot get away, constantly circling and crashing against each other like waves or magnets no matter how far they run. they always seem to be running. he wakes up in the same car under the same itchy tartan blanket (it smells like dust and rainwater) when kylo pulls to a stop and shakes him awake and every hotel looks the same to him now. bleak crumbling boxes stacked on top of one another with flickering signs. he find that they all seem to be in shades of sickly yellow from the faded lightbulbs and all the sheets are bottle green and smell faintly of piss and cheap washing powder. the receptionists eye them carefully when they come tumbling through the doors all wrapped around one another with tired eyes and smiles on their faces. they always use fake names for every hotel, noting them down if they ever come to the same one. the doors sometimes close properly and this one does so he decides he likes this hotel and the room isn't cold but hux can see the taut skin on kylo's body prickling with gooseflesh, and his dark eyes are shining from arousal or excitement or both as he grabs the backpack he bought with them and flips it upside down. hux watches as thousands upon thousands of notes flutter out, kylo lunging at them like a wild animal as he smears them all over the duvet. he looks like a wolf ripping a rabbit to shreds with his teeth bared and dark hair flying. he stops suddenly. smoothing them out with his hands to make it perfect. he looks up at hux. "on. now." * kylo is so close to hux that he is inhaling the acrid smoke from his cigarette as cold blue eyes set in shadows glare up at him. cruel and unforgiving. he can't suppose it's very comfortable in this position but he put hux on his back which is nice that's nice that's a nice thing to do right? he thinks to himself as his eyes sting from the smoke and he suddenly rips out the cigarette to put it in his own mouth and scrabbles muscular arms under armpits and yanks hux up to sitting and hux winces and cries out as kylo smudges his hands across the paper cuts on his back and when he spits on his hand for fun hux screams because the pain is so apparent, like being burned or shot but all over instead. kylo is digging his nails in and dragging them down hux's back and the kisses he's planting on hux's neck seem like some kind of fucked-up acetaminophen but he's laughing too because this is all one big power trip to him, and hux laughs along with him even though he's crying, teeth grinding and chattering like he's in the middle of winter as he finally comes. he breathes shallowly as he tries to choke out something. an ending perhaps. "i. i. llove, yo. you," he somehow manages even though kylo is smearing his own cum over hux's lips. he stoppers them with two fingers, holding them in there as hux tries to spew out words still. his eyes are somehow regurgitating water like vomit and kylo thinks he hears a frantic nno noon nonono as he slowly pulls the cigarette from his mouth. the end is still glowing brightly as he brings it down to hux's back and skitters his fingers down millions of little lines for the most sensitive wound he can find and digs the cigarette right on it. twisting and twisting and twisting and the scream hux gives as he bites kylo's fingers so hard they could break is louder than a siren because the pain is like a nuclear explosion, making his limbs twist and his eyes pop as he hears a soft pleasured sigh. kylo takes the cigarette off at the same time hux falls forwards and rips his fingers from hux's mouth as he crumples up the roll of ash in his hand. hux's ass is up in the air so kylo stands up and walks across money to squat down behind him, the shaking mass of matter in front of him drooling thick globs of phlegm and mucus and god knows what else as kylo pulls the gun from the side table and angles the barrel perfectly before shoving it inside the redhead and hux gasps, freezing stock-still as kylo starts to move it in and out. he thinks about him pulling the trigger to fill him with bullets and his cock gets a spark of arousal and he drools, from excitement this time. "y yes, ye, shhhh, yeshy esyesyes ," he gargles through a mouthful of spit, wriggling around like an eel. his eyes are still watering and kylo watches as the cuts on hux's back slowly squeeze open and start to ooze blood like pus. he looms over hux, one hand planted firmly on the mattress as he drags the flat of his tongue over his lover's back. the blood is mixed with sweat and kylo knows it's red so he imagines he's eating spare ribs. salty spicy sweet. hux is shivering as kylo's voice flows into his ear like poison gas. "it's nice right, it's real fucking nice?" squelch, push, pull, repeat. "yesssssss, lovelylovelylovely—" hux babbles in a stream of euphoria and his anger at kylo is shredding through him like knives or vines but he can't, he can't do it. not here. not now. there's fingers in his mouth, nearly a whole hand, snapping out and pulling at his bottom eyelids like bugs to stretch gentle skin and expose whites of eyes stained with gore and saltwater. "do you wanna make daddy happy, baby?" kylo whispers, tongue sliding along hux's cheekbone and hux feels his spine prickle because he's disgusting, kylo's fucking disgusting and he's jerking him off with one hand that was previously shoved down his throat, sliding roughly along his cock. "you're doing so good, baby. my sweet girl," said honeylike as he pulls the gun out just so and a finger digs into the burnt fizzling line at the base of hux's back to open it up like he's with a real girl, he's fingering her because she's a virgin and he wants to make her feel good and hux is whining high like a trapped animal and kylo suddenly pushes forwards a little to slam the barrel back in and hux cums, gasping into the sheets that reek of money as kylo kneels up and shoves into the little hole in his back without warning. hux is so numb that he can't even feel it and his ears are ringing like he's just heard a bomb go off in the room next door as kylo squashes down into him, carving out another entrance. it's bright red from the blood, gushing all over his cock as he fucks up against a tight row of muscle, holding hux's face into the bed by his throat with both hands as he tries to get past a resistance and it's not particularly pleasurable but it's so hot, metallic and boiling and wet. he snaps his hips. faster. violent. angry. "daddy's so proud of you, babygirl." hux can't help the exhale that escapes from him, tired and drunk on praise. he feels a tiny white patch at the back of his brain as kylo pulls out from the gaping wound suddenly, pumping his cock once, twice, three times to finish on hux's back. the bed is sticky, and damp when hux falls onto it, curved as kylo sits in the gap his body had created and hux wraps around him like a cat desperate for affection. kylo pets his hair, a languid smile on his face as he folds a note into a paper airplane. he shoots it, arm whipping back, and hux rolls his eyes to see where it will land. it lodges itself in the overhead light, gluing like a fly in honey. * they go to a different hotel the next night, one up in california. the stitches on hux's back still sting but kylo did everything properly so the pain should well down. they stop in the car next to a stretch of dry grass and watch the stars and hux realizes why he is so uncomfortable because this is something normal couples do but then kylo is kissing him and hux is blowing smoke into his mouth weakly and he feels at home once again. kylo pulls away and murmurs, "we could go to a hospital, a proper one, and get you some new clothes while we're here. you should make a list." hux nods, a gust of wind making the grass flutter in front of them. Notes: can you even fuck someone's lower back? who cares tumblr is phamsa , writing tumblr is kurochrome.