Mathar's Palace It is normal to be afraid of the dark, but I think there’s a comfort in not seeing the reality of the light. Ignorant, most definitely, but I think comfort is more important than intelligence in my situation. During the day, I see the faces of those who I am serving. Their skin is often chiseled with pink scars and their expression molded out of a scowl. I find comfort in the shadows that curtain over their faces at night as I hand them their drinks and platters. Perhaps, it’s not only that I don’t get to see them, but they don’t get to see me. Mathar makes me wear the most ridiculous uniform. A silk light blue dress hangs off of my shoulders, with a plunging neckline and hem that is only mid-thigh length. I’m constantly adjusting it to be as modest as it possibly can, but I can imagine that any inch of a woman’s skin gawked at by these meatheads. They look at me the same way they look at the food I place in front of them. It makes Mathar’s job too easy. The seduction starts as soon as they walk into the building. They get greeted at the door by Vara, who is the most attractive of all the staff, and they are led to their seat. Mathar, being the piece of shit he is, calls Vara his “best bait,” like she's just some piece of meat he hangs from a hook to lure in fish. A few other girls and I serve them food prepared by a chef hired with Mathar’s pocket change (which seems to be a considerable amount, considering the impeccable quality of the food). We then lead them into his office to discuss arrangements. Mathar does not have any bounty hunters. There is no option for capture. Mathar’s assassin’s only kill. The assassins are dressed in ridiculous uniforms they change out of right after they meet their clients. It’s all a sham. We pretend they can kill with stealth and precision, doing flips in the air, when really they just slip a tablet in a drink and pray for the best. We deck them out to be badasses but most of them are people like me, who need money and will do what it takes to supply it for family. It’s hard, not seeing my family. We all are on a contract to live here. The contract is signed every three years, and I’m 58 days into my 4th contract. It’s a pretty decent deal. They provide food and a place to sleep. Then when I am paid, they send the money straight to my family back home. It is enough for me. A man walks through the flowing curtains of the doorway. Vara guides him to an empty booth with her arm locked in his. She walks confidently, her long blonde hair flowing behind her back. Her skin is a purple shade with spattered white dots that look like her freckles. The light coming in from the city through the windows illuminate her skin, making the purple slightly glow. Her eyes are like a cat’s, yellow and slanted. She bats her eyes at him, giggling at what must have been a joke. It’s hard to believe that when we’re off the job, she’s the one who admits to despising this all the most. She cannot sleep most nights so she finds herself curling up next to me, silently sobbing as I hold her. As she sits him at a booth, I approach the two of them. Vara smiles and says, “Take it away, (Y/N).” I give a nod to the man. He’s short, covered in tan fur and has pointed ears on the side of his head. I hate species with his eye type. He doesn’t have any irises. Only two black pupils make up his whole eyes. I can tell he is looking straight at me because of the movement of the black orbs from Vara to me. His eyes roll up and down and lips on the end of his snout curls into a grin. He chuckles to himself then speaks, “Delightful… so delightful.” I ignore the comment and continue on with routine, handing him a menu with a plastered smile. “Here’s the choices for today. Did you have an appointment with Mister Mathar?” ` He doesn’t look at the menu. His eyes are still on my body. I don’t blink or take my eyes off him for a second, so that I can keep track of where he is looking. A pit forms in my stomach. Most people give me odd feelings and discomfort here, but in this moment I feel something within me buzzing, like a warning. I peel my eyes away from the man to look towards the doorway. No one is there. But it’s almost as if I can feel the footsteps of a threat entering the room right now. My body tells me to go into fight or flight mode. My body tries to convince me to leave, but my surroundings aren’t giving me any reason why I should. But I remain still and shake the feeling off, looking back towards the man. I think I'm going crazy. His voice is slurred and snarled, but not out of spite, just because of his native language adapting to mine. “Mathar is expecting me in an hour. Have the chef pick my food, darling. And to drink I’ll have you pick my poison.” People who come here don’t come for the food, so it’s common for them to not even glance at the selections. He hands me the menu and I nod, taking it back. I still feel his eyes on me as I walk away and try not to noticeably react to the shiver that pricks at the top of my spine. Returning to the bar, I access the holopad and notify the chef to just throw whatever he wants onto a platter. I fill a glass with our most powerful alcohol, so that he is as drunk as possible for when he discusses prices with Mathar. I bring the drink to him and set it at his table. “Anything else I can get for you, sir?” His snout inhales and he pats the seat beside him. I purse my lips as I sit down. “My name is Dak.” I look at his eyes and find nothing. Just glossed black. Like staring into a well with no water and no foreseeable bottom; only depth and darkness. My eyes flicker to the doorway, praying a new customer arrives soon. “It’s nice to meet you, Dak.” I manage in my usual “waitress” voice. My voice is usually low and monotone, but when I am working I make it become more feminine and approachable. Mathar told me to do it so that I’m more desirable to the costumers. He whispers, “How about I forget the assassin and take you home with me?” “I’m sorry, sir, but that’s not in Mathar’s business.” I slowly scooch away, but he grabs my arm. Pleading, he sneers, “I can negotiate a deal with Mathar. I’m a very rich man, darling.” My senses scream at me to get him off of me. The claws dig deeper into my arm. Energy swims through my blood, but I just don’t know what to do with it. It’s almost like the energy is personified and it’s saying it can help me, but I do not know how to give it the permission. “Please, do not touch me.” “Darling-” The energy buzzes in my veins even more. Sweat beads start to form at my forehead. It’s overwhelming and there’s no release. I swallow hard and then forcibly push myself back, away from him. A few tables down, a glass rattles. What the hell is happening? I feel as if I’m projecting my feelings onto objects around me. Dak’s silverware begins to slightly shake as well. I take a deep breath and the glass spills over. “Bitch!” Dak spits at me, gripping the ends of his table. He’s breathing heavily, looking as if he might kill me at this moment. Any type of interest in his voice is replaced with sheer disgust. I quickly focus my attention to the glass that toppled over and the man accompanying it. He’s frustrated, trying to clean up the mess himself. “I am so sorry, sir, I’m so sorry.” I help him wipe down the table and proceed to bring him a refill. Great. I fucked up so bad. I can only pray that no one complains when they meet Mathar. Vara clears her throat. “Shit…” I say under my breath, making my way to Vara and the new man whom she accompanied. I cannot make much of his appearance, due to the lack of light, but he looks as if he’s an assassin himself. But like, an actual scary one. He’s in black armor covered in black robes. The two things that stick out most are his mask and necklace. His mask reminds me of a gas mask, but without the filters. It’s dark with circular eyes and a rectangular plate covering the mouth and the ridges in it make it emphasize the structure of a skeleton. A large silver pendant with a white crystal encased in the middle dangles from his neck. I noticed that Vara isn’t touching him. I also notice that the man is walking directly toward me. He stops no less than a foot away. He’s much broader than me, his shoulders spanning a shadow over me. I can hear his breaths, inhumanly seething from his mask. It’s almost as if he’s more computer than man. Swallowing the lump in my throat I begin, “May I be at your-” He walks forward, nearly knocking me over, straight to the doors of where Mathar is. His cape dramatically wooshes behind him with each step. “Hey! You can’t do that!” I run after him, but he doesn’t listen. I glance to Vara, “What the hell do we do?” Vara runs her hands through her hair out of stress, “Sir, please come back, we can get you in with Mathar as soon as possible!” The man ignores us and we follow after him. He makes it past the first doors and guards stand at the second door. The two men draw their guns, but before they can act the man in the mask waves a hand and the guards’ heads fly inward, knocking into each other. They lay unconscious on the ground and Vara rushing forward to their aide as the man advances. I am simply left in shock. What could I do? I can’t get fired. I can’t stop this man who inexplicably knocked two guys out with a wave of a hand. Shit, this is going to get me fired. From my angle I can only see Mathar’s client stand from his chair with confusion. The client starts, “I thought this meeting was confidential.” I hear a voice behind me and I whip around. “Oh, it is.” Now who is it? The man walks quickly past me, wearing a similar mask to the other man. This one has less of a skull look, and more of a geometric one, made of squares and rectangles. It looks more like a helmet than a mask. He also wears a cape, but instead of it laying on his shoulders, it drapes across only one, held together by a thick buckle. I see a large gun strapped to his back and I bite the insides of my cheeks. Suddenly, the client is thrown across the room, out of his seat into the air, and slammed through a window. Glass shatters out, as well as the man’s body, plummeting stories down the tall skyscraper. Okay, I think that’s my cue to get the hell out of here. I slowly step away, wanting to get far enough from the scene that I don’t cause a big fuss before I break into a run. “Come here, (Y/N).” The masked voice calls out. My body stills. He knows my name. “You don’t want me to become angry with you too, trust me.” The voice is obviously affected by his mask, making it lower and more mechanical, but the slow nature and slight inconsistencies of pitch indicate the man is most likely up in his age, nearly his elderly years. I turn around, facing the man or thing or whatever it is. The last thing I want to do is disobey him and have him throw me out the window too. His eyes are non-existent. There’s only one slit for both eyes that stretch across his helmet. I step forward slowly, joining the room. Mathar’s face is terrified. If it were anyone else he’d be completely pissed. It’d be a waste of money, therefore a waste of his time. But the fact that these men walked in and used some kind of invisible energy to throw a guy out the window has Mathar’s mind preoccupied. Mathar cowers lower behind his desk. The sight is somewhat pleasing. This man who has controlled so much of my money, my appearance, my personality, and my life is now finally out of control. The fear on his face somewhat allows me to stand up straighter. I’m not all the sudden brave enough to face these masked men with no fear, but I can compose myself far more than Mathar. I look to the masked man, the one with the sniper on his back, who has been doing all the talking. “How do you know my name?” I manage. I imagined the words coming out polite, but there’s a slight edge to them that I didn’t intend. I have no clue what expression the man has. That’s the worst most terrifying thing about him. I try to focus hard, on the underlying messages his being is sending me. It’s an odd feeling, one that is very hard to explain, but I can feel energy radiating off of people. This energy allows me to read their feelings, rather than try to figure it out. I supposed you could call it a sixth sense. But I’m not sure why it’s not included in the main senses to begin with. I’m assuming everyone has this ability, but it just isn’t mentioned as often. My head feels slightly heavy and I feel a pounding in my left temple. “Do you feel that?” The man whispers through his mask, the sound coming out fuzzing and disorganized. Muscles throughout my body tense. He can’t be talking the sudden migraine. That’s just impossible. “I don’t know.” I respond with caution. His gloved hand raises to the side of my head and he tilts his head forward. I want to retreat so badly, but I know I can’t. The pounding inside my brain gets more violent. “Do you feel it?” He asks it slower this time. As if he’s talking to a preschooler, trying to spell out a simple word. I nod. He’s causing the pain. He's inside my mind. Like a switch went off in his brain, he steps away from me, head towards Mathar, “We’re taking her with us. My senses were correct, she is the one.” As much as I would love to leave, I can’t. I have a family to provide for. And I’m scared shittless of whoever these people are. My mother and brothers don’t deserve to be cut off from my income without any reason why. They don’t deserve the stress in their life, on top of everything else. I’ve sacrificed everything to come here for them. I have completely stripped myself from my identity so that I could make as much money as possible, without any second guesses. Now I have to give it all away because two psychopaths with evil witch powers charged in here demanding to take me? Who knows what sick and twisted thing they are going to make me do? I don’t have anything they want, other than what I have to offer here; a pretty face and the ability to bring sketchy men food. Mathar grinds his teeth, sitting up higher on his knees, “You can’t do that! She’s legally bound to this facility!” “The First Order is above the law.” The man waves his hand at the desks and it goes flying to the side of the room, so there is nothing in between him and Mathar. “And the Knights of Ren are above the First Order.” The first man, the one with the scull mask and long layered robes, suddenly approaches me. Before I can react his hand gestures to my forehead and black spills into my vision. Chapter 2 : An Open Door, An Opportunity Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) I awaken expecting to see Vara in the cot beside me. I expect to hear crying of the girls who miss their families and think no one else is awake to hear their whimpers. I expect to hear Mathar’s footsteps circling the hall outside. I instinctively pray he doesn’t come in the room. But the only thing I expect and still receive is the fear of what’s to come of the day. This room might as well be a closet. There’s only enough space for the bench I lay upon. I would have to open the door to even stand up. Everything is a crisp, cold metal. I wish I had a blanket or heavier clothes than the silk dress I am wearing now. My skin is scattered with goosebumps and the hairs on my body stand straight. I hoped the recent events were a dream. I can imagine seeing the men in masks in my nightmares. Real life, though? I drag my fingers into my hair, pushing it all away from my face. They killed Mathar’s client without any second thought. They didn’t need to kill him. They just did because they could. To show what they are capable of to Mathar… to me. Part of me is curious how they could control matter with only small hand gestures. The other part of me doesn’t want to know. This is something far greater than me or my goal. I’m not concerned with their powers or The First Order. I’m concerned with putting food on my family’s table and that is it. I don’t have the resources to media of any type, so I am disconnected from politics. I cannot, however, disconnect myself from the horror stories of The First Order. Clients and staff members of Mathar’s alike have spoken of villages destroyed by The First Order and The Knights of Ren. I suppose that’s what those two men were; Knights of Ren. But the worst horror stories are the ones told of the Master of Ren. He is one person, but nearly everyone knows someone who he has killed. I don’t know how it’s possible. Working with a successful business has allowed me to see how easy it is to spread lies and propaganda. Our assassins are played up to look deadly, to ensure our clients we can get the job done. Perhaps that’s all the Knights of Ren are… the Master, at least. I know they are powerful, from what I’ve seen before I passed out. But I cannot believe one person could cause so much destruction to the galaxy. He must be The First Order’s mascot, some kind of marketing tool. I can only hope that kind of destruction is not possible from any one man. Which brings me to the main question; What do they want from me? I don’t imagine it, or think about it. I just lay down, curling myself up and close my eyes. .............................................................................................................................................................................. Time has passed, but I don’t have any clue how much. It felt like hours, but I’m so used to having a clock in my bedroom, there’s no telling. What little I could have gathered of relaxation is interrupted by a sense of someone approaching the door. I can sense feel their footsteps, firm and uniform, as they travel to the destination. And I am their destination. Surely enough, in a few seconds the door slides open and I am faced with a tall, red-headed man. He stands very stiffly, hair in ship-shape. It looks like he has his uniform dry cleaned every day, to keep it completely pressed to perfection. I can tell he is young, but the lines on his face from his scowl make him seem older. When his gaze reaches to me, his posture relaxes and he can’t contain a scoff. He sneers, “You have got to be kidding me.” “No,” I sit up. The matter of how pissed off I am at this situation finally sets in. They don’t tell me why they have captured me, removed me from my paying job, knocked me out with some weird mind-trick, and then this man has the nerve to say that I am kidding him. “I can assure you that this is a lot more irritable to me.” His expression gets more and more amused as he reaches his fingers down to my chin, pointing it up so he can see my face. “You’re just some small dainty doll.” I don’t hold myself back when I push his hand away from me. “Then let me go back to my job.” He backs away, offended by the backlash. His amusement of me is turned off in a second. “You do not give me commands, child.” He aggressively grabs my arm and pulls me to my feet. I adjust my dress with my free arm, mumbling a stubborn, “Whatever.” His grip tightens. “You address me as your General.” There’s no other choice than to comply if I want to get answers out of him. We walk down the corridors of wherever we are. Everything is metal with florescent lights on every few panels of the walls. Control pads range across the walls as well, blinking with red and white lights. “General,” I taunted. “Why am I here?” The General walks quickly with long strides, so it is an effort to keep up. “Two of our Knights were on your home planet when they felt the obligation of placing you in the hands of The First Order.” I feel a chill run down my spine. The answer sounds so creepy, like these men have an obsession with me; an obsession strong enough to kill a man. “They barged into my work and dragged me out, killing a man and knocking two unconscious. I’ve never seen the Knights in my life until yesterday.” I’m sure it wasn’t my intention to say it as aggressive I did, but my temper is running terribly short. “General.” I add the title onto the end, hoping it makes the rest of my tone sound more respectful. I can sense the roll of his eyes in his voice. “It is not in my credentials to give answers to people of your kind.” I scoff. What the hell is that supposed to mean? “Then who does have the credentials to give me answers?” The General turns a corner and we reach a door. Before I can ask the question again, he punches a code into the nearby control panel and it slides open. “He does.” I peer into the room hesitantly. The room is dark with red lights outlining the brim of the walls. It’s so large and cold, but only has one main object inside. My eyes travel up the shape of a huge hologram, reaching far up into the sky. The man is seated on a throne. I cannot make anything of his face because his head is tilted down in mediation. But his hands are pale and wrinkly. His nails aren’t exactly claws, but they are long and sharp. Fear rushes over me. I don’t want to go inside, I just want to run away, but the General pushes me in and closes the door, leaving me alone with whoever this hologram is. I examine the door, trying to figure out a way to open it. It just blends in with the wall, making me feel even more isolated with this terrifying figure. “You have nothing to be afraid of.” His voice takes me off-guard, it rumbles and echoes off the walls of the room. It’s menacing, yet not as scary as I thought it would be. I turn to face the hologram. My legs do not give me any strength to walk down the aisle, closer to him, so shouting seems necessary for him to hear me. “I don’t have or know anything! The men I meet at Mathar’s tell me nothing of their business, I promise!” I hope the desperation is evident in my voice. I pray I don’t sound like I’m challenging the man. He chuckles softly, “Mathar… who is this Mathar you speak of?” I am taken aback by this. My whole life has been centered on Mathar and his business for over twelve years. And before that I have just been a part of a poor family, struggling to eat. Everyone who knows me knows me because of Mathar. “My boss.” I respond. The whole situation is suddenly a lot less scary and more intriguing. I am now capable to begin walking up to the hologram’s steps. Now I can look at the man more closely. He is not human, it seems, but he’s a species that’s very close. I don’t know what, though. He has scars all across his grey asymmetrical face. His eyes are pitch black and mouth is thin. It’s odd, his skin has a melting effect I have never seen before. He speaks, “Tell me… what is Mathar like?” I clear my throat. “He’s the manager and organizer for a company that-” “No.” It’s a quick answer from the man. Not quite degrading to me, but just firm in the fact that I am not giving him the information he is looking for. “What do you personally think of him? Of his personality and actions?” I freeze. The man leans forward staring at me. “It’s alright, I am here to help you escape.” His head tilts. “You just need to answer me honestly so I can help you efficiently.” None of this quite makes sense. But I can feel trust in this man. I don’t know why. I have no clue what his name is, even. But I trust him. The words seep out of my mouth, my voice low, “I feel nothing but hate for him. I think he’s selfish and disgusting. He treats me and my friends like property because he knows we’ll do whatever we can to support our families.” The man nods. I can tell his is tentatively listening. Maybe he cares, even. “I do not question you hate this man, but I must remind you how powerful the feeling hatred can be.” I swallow. Thinking about how much I hate him almost fuels me. I am ashamed that I have thoughts so dark, but that shame doesn’t take any of the thoughts away. “I can deal with him hurting and harassing me. But when I have to watch all my friends go through what he puts me through, let alone do this every day for twelve years, these feelings of hatred are only multiplied.” The man closes his eyes and leans back. He speaks softly with comfort, “There’s so much anger inside of you. So much power that you have no idea how to release. The force is boiling in your blood. How do you manage to rest at night?” “The force?” I question it. But even speaking the word is a realization of something. I’m not sure what. Maybe a realization of identity. He nods, his eyes still lightly closed. “Why would you not escape this man?” I bite the insides of my cheeks. “I have a family. A mother and brothers I must provide income for.” “You must care for them very deeply.” “I do.” The man then opens his eyes. I feel as though he can understand how much I love them. And how much I hate Mathar. “I am the Supreme Leader of the First Order, Snoke.” I almost gasp at the introduction. I had no idea I was engaging in a conversation with someone so important and vital to the galaxy. “Therefore, I know the events going on around the galaxy. Like you, I was given powers that separate me from others. I’m going to help you build upon these powers, the force, so Mathar can never hurt you or any of your friends again. I have been expanding and stretching my powers for centuries, however. So I have abilities that you cannot imagine.” Everything Snoke is saying is completely compelling to me. It’s a whole world that I didn’t know existed, that I can be a part of. Plus, if I can work for the First Order, I can support my family so much better and not be manipulated and taunted by my boss. He poses the question, “Would you like to see your family?” Everything within me seems to tense with excitement. “You can show them to me?” He nods, “One day, you will have these abilities too; to see these in your mind from other locations. But for now I will have to find them within my own mind and then send the moment to you in your thoughts.” “Like telekinesis?” He seems satisfied by my connection and he responds, “Exactly, (Y/N).” Snoke closes his eyes, concentrating hard. I have the urge to jump with excitement. I haven’t seen them in so long. I want to know how my mother is. I want to know how my brothers are. They send me letters every now and then, but they are only limited to one page. It’s Mathar’s rule. Another attempt to keep me from being anyone outside of his business. I how my eldest brother, Twanan, looks. If he decided to grow facial hair or keep his face clean shaven. The last time I saw him he barely had peach fuzz and called my name when he couldn’t reach the top shelf of the pantry. Snoke suddenly opens his eyes. I look up, trying to scan his reaction. His thin lips purse. “Relax. I know you’ve never experienced receiving a memory before, so it may feel odd. Just prepare yourself, I urge you, for what I’m about to show you.” I nod, trying so hard to contain my excitement. It comes in a flash, like I’m got punched in the gut. Then everything around me changes. I see my family. They’ve barely changed. I don’t know if this is a very recent memory. My youngest brother, Mika, still is merely a toddler. I left when he was a baby. Twanan is still a child, not even in his teenage years. They all look scared. I want to comfort them, to tell them everything is alright, but I can’t move. I look down to see if I’m standing in their hut, but I cannot see my feet, just the hut’s floor. I move my hand in front of my face and nothing appears. I don’t exist here. Only they do. I see my mother, still as young and frail as I remember. She’s crying viciously, trying to push all my brothers into the closet. What are they trying to hide from? Then the door blasts open. Men rush in wearing the logo of the resistance. My heart stops as they draw their guns. I scream. It takes one second for all of my family to die. I want to get out of this. This is not true, they have sent me letters. I know they are alive. I scream again. Suddenly, Snoke is there, looking down on me with caution. “I am so sorry for your losses.” “That’s not possible…” I whisper. “You lied to me…” I don’t cry. I don’t feel anything. If I do it confirms the fact that what I saw was real. And it wasn’t. “The Resistance needed to go to that planet to collect data… It happened. I can do many things but I cannot bear to tell a lie, especially to someone who deserves nothing but the truth.” “They sent me letters! My mother said that Mika was starting upper education! Saval was wanting to be a pilot and Twaran got married and started bringing in his own income!” I scream it at him. My throat hurts. I caught him in this sick, awful lie. I am ashamed and embarrassed I felt comfort in this thing’s presence. Snoke shakes his head. “I believe Mathar tricked you… The only reason you were there was to support your family, correct?” I nod, biting back sobs. Snoke continues, his voice slow and peaceful, “Mathar knew he would lose your service if you discovered the death of your family. So he kept you as an employee and pocketed your income.” All I can feel is the air being forced to heave in and out of my lungs between sobs. I can’t respond. I can’t speak. Barely any oxygen is making it to my mind. He goes on, his voice now slightly disgusted. “Mathar took advantage of you for as long as he could. He manipulated you with those fake letters he wrote himself. He made the loss of your family a financial opportunity. You were a slave to him with no income for ten years. Who knows if he even paid your family what you were making during the two years they were alive?” My fists are so tight, my fingernails dig into my skin. I want to scream. Anger is boiling inside of me. I don’t focus on the sadness. I can’t do that, it would hurt too much. All I can see is the hatred. “I…” I don’t know how to respond to all of this, verbally. Snoke understands and continues talking. “The Resistance killed your family without any second thought. And now you’re here, with The First Order. We saw your gift and removed you from Mathar. You can finally be who you are destined to be. You can fight for what you believe.” I want to be hopeful. What he’s saying is good, but I can’t erase Mathar’s face from my mind. The way his hands felt on my skin whenever he got bored, the way his voice felt as it split into my brain. I wonder if the thought of my family ever crossed his mind when he touched me. I wonder if he thought of the letters he wrote impersonating them when he spoke sick, disgusting words in my ear. I want him to see them. I want him to think of them. Because God knows I did before he took everything away from me. I want to take everything from him now. Every last piece of what he is and what he owns. And something tells me I can only do this with Snoke’s help. I concentrate my eyes on Snoke. My anger stills and I focus on the task at hand. “Train me in the ways of the force.” Snoke smiles. Notes: introducing some non-original characters! ahhh snoke and hux! more to see of them. and as for Kylo... next chapter, guys! im so excited for everyone to read what happens next. i hope you all are enjoying it so far. im getting a lot more into it than i intentionally anticipated! please leave me any feedback or constructive criticism that you feel is necessary! thank you so much again :) Chapter 3 : Welcome to The Finalizer Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Snoke was kind enough to give me a few days in my quarters to collect myself and settle in before I start training. I needed time to cope with the loss of my family, but sadness isn’t a very prominent thing at the moment. All I feel is anxiousness to begin training so I can fight against the Resistance. I already feel as though I could release all my anger at once and obliterate them. I do not want to hold back what I’ve been forced to conceal for all these years. But I just don’t know how to control it if I were to let it loose. I’ve tried experimenting in my quarters on random books. I can make the books rattle against the table with my mind. It took me hours to concentrate hard enough to flip a page, though. My energy is so unfocused. The Knights of Ren who broke into Mathar’s were so calm in the chaos. They controlled the force so well. I could be like that one day. As General Hux, the same man who escorted me to see Snoke, leads me down the hall, I question him, “So the Knights of Ren that took me, how powerful are they?” General Hux seems annoyed by the question. But to be fair he seems annoyed by everything. “Powerful enough to get away with being the biggest pricks in the galaxy.” I am taken aback from the comment. “Do they know you think that lowly of them?” He shrugs, “I only know one of them personally. And I'm sure he's well aware. I don’t usually have business with any of the other Knights. The only reason I talked with the two that saved you is because they had to drop you off here for training.” I’m glad he’s finally gotten off my case about calling him General every time he speaks to him. I doubt he sees me as an equal. He probably sees me more of a child who doesn’t know any better. “Is the Knight that you personally know here?” In his laugh he reveals to me that what I asked was a silly question. He replies, “Why do you think you were brought here? You have to be trained by someone.” “I was not aware that an actual Knight would be training me.” I try so hard to not look like I’m excited. I have to remain cool and calm to make myself seem mature to Hux. “An actual Knight…” Sarcasm begins to spill from his voice. “You have the Master of Ren himself here to train you. You’ll have a wonderful time with him. He’s such a joy.” All the excitement I was feeling is gone in that moment. It’s replaced by fear. I remember the way Mathar’s costumers spoke of the Master of Ren. They said he was cruel, a murderer. And if General Hux, a member of the war himself, doesn’t like him, he must be especially discomforting to be around. General Hux continues, “I would tell you not to worry, but that would be false advice. If he kills one of my troopers out of a single temper tantrum again…” I can sense Hux’s annoyance with Ren. He’s frustrated he can’t say anything because deep down, he’s terrified of what he can do. It’s like he lives in the shadow of him, only because he doesn’t possess the force. He believes if he had the force he could be a much better leader than the Master of Ren. Hux stops dead in his tracks. He looks at me, pointing a finger. His face is painted red from anger. “What the hell? Were you reading my mind?” “I-” “I know how it feels to have my mind read, it’s one of the things being around Kylo Ren taught me.” He towers over me, his jaw stiff. “If you try anything of that sorts again I will inform Ren of your lack of control.” I step back. He doesn’t have to talk to me like that. I don’t have to listen to people talking to me like that anymore. “Look, I didn’t even know I was doing anything. I didn’t mean to try to read your mind. I was trying to sense your feelings so that I could think of the right thing to say.” He sighs, turning on a heel and continuing. “Normal people can’t do that, (Y/N).” This was new information. ............................................................................................................................................................................................... The General and I finally reach the cafeteria. I sense tell that I am a burden on him, how I make him look a lot less official. But I try not to focus too hard on my senses so that Hux doesn’t think I am trying to read his mind. The last thing I want to do is to be on a bad start with Kylo Ren, the man who will determine all the progress of my training. I do, however, focus on my senses of Kylo Ren. I have a very bad feeling about him. There’s a certain dread that floods into my mind whenever I think about my upcoming training with him. I wonder how many people they recruit and Kylo Ren kills out of frustration. The thoughts are pushed to the back of my mind as I focus on following Hux through the line to collect my meal. It’s definitely not luxurious, but it will do. My metal plate holds a roll, veggies and some kind of loaf of meat. People stare at me as I’m trailing behind Hux to where he sits. They eye me up and down. The room is full of mostly men, but the occasional women. Nevertheless they are all buff and strong. I am most definitely not. Being so underfeed for so long has made me barely skin and bones. I can see why Hux sees me as a child, compare to all these people. I take a seat next to Hux and ignore their stares and whispers. I can almost hear their judgments of me. One man thinks, “Hux got assigned to babysitting?” Another projects the thought “Are they letting the whores eat with us now?” My head whips towards the man. He’s stocky with messy facial hair. He’s absolutely disgusting. I dig deeper into his thoughts. “Why the hell is she looking at me?” I can sense fear in him. And for some reason it’s nice. I like the feeling of him, someone who looked down on me just a moment ago, now looking at me with fear and respect. I turn my head back around, slowly, and begin to eat my food. I ask Hux, “Why couldn’t I eat in my quarters today?” Hux says in-between hurried bites, “Ren will be picking you up to begin your training. This is where I normally eat and he requested I bring you here. The training room is just down the hall.” Suddenly, I feel sick to my stomach. I don’t know if I can bare to eat anymore. He continues, “So finish your food quickly. I’m sure when Kylo Ren picks you up he will not patiently wait for you to eat your vegetables.” The thought makes me chuckle. “So, General,” I tease. “Give me some advice about Kylo Ren. You seem to be well acquainted with him.” Before he’s about to take a bite, he decides to set his fork down and talk to me, focused. “Even if he’s wrong, he’s right. You have to make sure you don’t even question it. Also he has a huge thing for history of the Empire. If you would like to get on his good side, ask about that. But do not ask right off the bat. He’s entitled as hell so you have to earn his trust before you initiate conversation.” I smile. In a way, it seems like I’m talking to Vara, complaining about a rude costumer. I miss her deeply. When I kill Mathar, I will take her somewhere safe, where she deserves. “Shit, I didn’t realize he was that awful.” Hux laughs, shrugging. “Oh, he’s horrible, I can’t even describe it in words. You’ll see though.” He looks up at the door. I assume he is checking to make sure Ren isn’t coming. “The other Knights are horribly bland. One of them doesn’t even talk. Ren leads them like a cult. So my main advice for you is to completely be open to Ren sculpting you and your skills to his advantage. Be bland and boring.” My eyes meet Hux’s. “Bland and boring… I think I can manage that.” Hux glances around at the people staring at me. “Are you sure? These people are acting like I’ve brought you in for show and tell.” I say with sarcasm, “They’ll regret it when I overthrow this Kylo Ren and become their new Commander.” I swallow a piece of meat, trying to ignore its unpleasant taste and smell. He notices my wince of disgust as I swallow the food. “Oh, yeah. Such a strong Commander, you can barely eat our unruly food, how can you defeat waves of soldiers?” I roll my eyes at him. “Give it time, give it time.” He shakes his head, looking down at his watch. Sighing, he complains, “Ren should’ve gotten you ten minutes ago.” “Maybe he’s too preoccupied engaging himself in a force cult ritual.” I pose the question. Hux is satisfied with the way I see Kylo Ren similar to how he sees him. I didn’t need to sense it, I can just tell by his smug expression. “Finish up your food and we’ll go down to the training room to see if he’s here.” “I’ll take my time.” “Please do.” I take as long as I can to eat that food and yet Kylo Ren still doesn’t show up. I’ve never been on a date before, but I believe this is what it’d feel like to be stood up. I’m slightly annoyed and already predicting he doesn’t give two shits about me or my training. General Hux seems alright though. I haven’t completely despised his company. Hux grunts and stands, leaving his tray on the table. I leave mine too, following his lead out of the cafeteria. I hear him mumbling, “Damn Ren, he hasn’t contacted me and he’s thirty minutes late, I have things to do and accomplish…” Hux is pissed. He walks down the hall quickly and I struggle to tag along. The troopers who see him uneasily straighten their backs and salute him. They’re terrified of him. It’s odd that they are, because in such a short time, I’ve lost every bit of intimidation from Hux. He’s just some military man who hates his co-workers. It’s rather amusing. I feel a rush of eerie energy sweep through me and Hux angrily punches in a code to the door we reach. He stomps inside and I take the moment to look around the room. There’s so much space. Weights and mats are placed along the walls. There’s also punching bags, a shooting range and even an obstacle course. Before I see him, I feel his cold energy. Kylo Ren is sitting in the middle of the room, cross-legged, facing the wall. He’s all in black robes. I can’t make out anything else about him, though. Hux clears his throat. Kylo Ren doesn’t react at all. Hux impatiently taps his foot, interrupting whatever Kylo was in the middle of, “Have you forgotten your duties, Commander?” Kylo Ren slowly relaxes his shoulders and brings himself to a standing position. He’s still facing the wall, but I can tell how incredibly tall he is. His cape slightly ripples behind him from his movement. “It must have slipped my mind.” The other Knights didn’t sound like this. Of course, they sounded robotic and distorted. But Kylo Ren’s voice is so much more deep and concentrated. Louder too. I shudder, I am slightly more apprehensive than I was before. Hux stands up a bit straighter, sizing himself up. “Well, she’s all yours. I must attend to my other tasks.” “Other tasks…” Kylo Ren begins. “I’m sure you’re not up to anything too important, General.” The tension from the two of them is so unbearable. My mouth feels dry and my toes curl. General Hux just exits on that note, giving a silent supportive nod to me. After the door closes Kylo Ren sits back down, in the same position he was when I entered the room. Still facing the wall. I open my mouth to introduce myself, but quickly close it. God, I have no clue how to interact with him. I wait another moment for him to do something, but I realize that he’s just going to sit there, meditating. “Um, hello?” He doesn’t respond. I bite the inside of my cheek. Hux was right. He is a massive prick. “I’m here. You’re supposed to train me.” He sighs, finally standing up to his feet. When he turns my way I try not to show my fear. He’s so tall. His uniform is a lot simpler than the other Knights, but that only makes it bolder. His mask is all black except for silver lines outlining the silts for his eyes. The thin pieces of metal reflect the lights, making him even more striking to look at. The mask is beat up, with dents and scratches. He is staring at me. I can’t see him staring at me but I know he is. I want to try to sense what he’s thinking so badly right now, but I don’t dare to try. I wonder if he’s disappointed his new trainee is such a “little girl.” I wonder if he thinks this is a joke, like Hux did. Kylo Ren walks towards me slowly, with poise and a perfect posture. He’s now so close, his head has to crane down to look at me. I can’t breathe. I’m too scared to even move. I understand fully that he could kill me in one simple movement, and that would be the end of everything. He finally speaks, his voice echoing slightly in the room. Now that he’s closer, his voice is even lower and fuzzier than before. “Your first lesson is to learn how to stop being so utterly annoying.” “Excuse me?” I already broke one of Hux’s rules. I questioned him. Great, I’m off to a wonderful start. I can’t even tell his reaction because of that damned mask. He responds with the same calm voice he had a moment ago, “You are projecting so loudly. Since the moment you got on this ship I’ve felt your rage and it’s rather obnoxious. So you need to learn how to stop projecting your thoughts and feelings, for my sleep schedule’s sake.” Shit. What all has he heard me think? It’s not that I’m hiding anything, but I would like to know how much of my privacy I’ve blown. But I’m also slightly annoyed that he finds my pain frustrating. It’s a lot more frustrating to me. I swallow. “Ok… how do I not project?” After a moment he steps away and resumes to sit on the mat he was once sitting on. There’s a pause. He says, annoyance beginning to seep into his mechanical voice, “Well?” I stare blankly. “Do you just want me to sit down?” “Yes, across from me.” I do. I stare at him, seeing colors in the silver lines around his eyes. I wonder why he needs his mask. If he needs it or if it’s just for aesthetic reasons. I wonder if he’s old. If he’s disfigured. He stares back. I wonder what he's wondering about me. I’ve never felt so self-conscious in my life. He tilts his head and says, “You’re still very loud.” I let hot air out of my nostrils. “Yeah, you haven’t really taught me how to not conceal my thoughts yet.” “It rather simple, common sense really. None of the other Knights had this problem when I began to train them. It makes me question the stability of your mind…” Before I can respond, he levels his head once again and replies. “Many people have many different methods. You just have to disconnect from everything around you, from everything that you are and simply focus on the matter that creates you. Focus on your anatomy. Visual your blood pumping through your veins. Feel your bones work together to scrunch your hands into fists. Think too hard about simple tasks like breathing. Distract your brain from anything that isn’t part of your thoughts. Don’t let me into your mind.” “Ok…” I try it. I try picturing my blood moving through my veins. How it’s moving so smoothly to send the oxygen to my body. I don’t know when I know this is working. Kylo Ren responds on cue, “I can still feel it. The apprehensiveness that you’ll mess up and throw away your chance freedom... your chance of revenge” His voice startles me out of my trance. I close my eyes, trying to escape. The bright lights seem to create small pigments of color on my eyelids. I think of how my eyes function. How what I see is processed like film to my brain. For just a silver of a second I see my mother. I think of how long ago my eyes processed her image for themselves, outside of a moment sent to me by Snoke. “I see a woman.” Kylo starts. I don’t stop him. I just concentrate on her face. I try to memorize it. I can’t shake the thought of never seeing her again. “She’s crying. She’s telling you that you don’t have to leave. She says that she promises to provide for you and your brothers, but you don’t believe her.” I didn’t. I knew she wouldn’t be able to. I just listen to Kylo talk about my mother as if someone were telling me a story about her. “So you leave anyway, leaving her feel heartbroken. You can sense that she thinks she has failed you, but you know if you don’t go you will have failed her…” He stops talking but I know he sees more. I keep my eyes clamped shut, trying not to noticeably tremble. “(Y/N), if you do not try to stop me from entering your mind I will find things that you yourself do not want to know.” Although I’m so hesitate to stop thinking about my mother, I obey. “Alright.” I think of my breathing. I count five seconds to take a breath in and five seconds to release that breath out. The breathing is rhythmic, like a song. My mother used to sing. “I can sense the guilt. You feel as though you could’ve protected them if you listened and didn’t go. You feel as though you could’ve protected yourself from-” My eyes shoot open and I almost stumble backwards. “Please,” My once steadied breathes are now hasty and rushed. “I don’t see how this is important to my training. This is training, not therapy. I have had a very chaotic week and I’d rather not try to get over it all in one sitting.” Kylo Ren doesn’t seem bothered, but his voice is firm and all the same intimidating. “Then leave.” “Leave?” “I’m not willing to train someone so weak they cannot face their own mind.” A sigh that was bottling up inside me escapes my chest. “I just don’t think that method is working on me. The more I focus on one thing, the more my mind tends to wander to another.” “Pathetic girl.” He snarls. Then he takes a moment to think. Every second he isn’t talking is a second I grow more and more paranoid. “I want you to imagine what it felt like before you were born.” Confused, I reply, “I can’t. I didn’t really exist then.” “Exactly. Just attempt it.” I am in partial shock of how still Kylo Ren has been this whole time. He’s almost like a statue. “You may feel some pain if I get far enough in your mind, but you must ignore it. Pain doesn’t exist. You do not exist.” In that moment I take a deep breath and I use all the energy I had to imagine my mom, to withhold my anger, and to read the minds of those around me to completely disconnect myself from the world. I do not exist. I am not here. I am not me. The pain that strikes my left temple does not exist. “Resist it.” Kylo Ren encourages. But he does not exist. My fists clenching, my cheek bleeding from the teeth clamped down, my eyes scrunched shut… None of it exists. I am completely unaware. It takes me every single fiber in my being to convince myself that. It feels like it lasts so long. “I can see a man… He’s a mess, snobbish and rude. But most of all he’s selfish.” I fight harder to push him out. Mathar does not exist. He does not exist. “Ah, his name is Mathar.” Disconnect and focus. I will not let him see this part of me. I refuse. I’ll die before I allow him to see it. The pain grows and suddenly it all stops. I gasp for air, trying to regain all the stamina I wasn’t even aware I had to use. Kylo Ren stands to his feet, looming above me. “Impressive. I got though some of your weaker barriers but you managed to push me out again before I saw any specific information.” I wipe the sweat from my forehead, standing as well. “How did I do that? Did I use the force?” Kylo Ren nods. “Yes, now if you don’t mind, please continue to allow the force control your thoughts and emotions so that I don’t have to constantly work to tune out your never-ending angst-ridden sob stories.” Asshole. I use the force to make sure he didn’t hear that. “Yes, um-” “Refer to me as either Commander or Master.” “Alright, Commander.” He’s acting like we’re about to say goodbye for the day. Like my training is over with. Kylo Ren turns and starts walking away. I quickly ask him, “What are you going to teach me now?” He looks over his shoulder. “I have other business to attend to than babysitting someone who is hardly aware of the force. I expect the next time we meet for you to be a lot more patient and self-controlled. Don’t waste my time with unfulfilled potential.” With that he continues to walk out. It’s only been five minutes, if that. Asshole. I can't stop myself from projecting my thoughts that time. When my insult reaches him I notice a finger at his side twitch. “If you’re going to insult me, have the courage to do it out loud.” I walk up in front of him while he’s standing still. It is then that I understand that he may have the mask for the sole reason that he’s scared. He doesn’t want people to see his emotions or reactions. He’s not tough or scary enough to show his real face, so he opts for a face made of metal. I wonder if his first day here he was greeted with a ‘You’ve got to be kidding me,’ from a General. I wonder if the soldiers in the lunchroom thought he was some kind of joke. I face him and say without any hesitation, “Eat a dick, asshole.” I then leave without any other word or glace at him. He doesn’t stop me. Notes: so kylo ren is introduced and he's a sassy asshole! and so is (Y/N) lmao. hope everyone liked this chapter. thx for the support ! <3 plz give me any criticism and feedback u feel necessary ! blesss <3 Chapter 4 : The Second Session Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) As much as I’d hate to say it, training did help slightly with my obsessive amount of anger. Don’t get me wrong, I still feel it deep inside me, but it’s not surfacing enough to project. Which is a good thing because the last thing I need is another reason to get Kylo Ren pissed at me. Kylo Ren, the man notorious for killing people who piss him off without any hesitation. Kylo Ren, the man who I called an asshole through the force. Kylo Ren, the man who I called an asshole to his face after telling him to eat a dick. This is just truly great. I cannot wait for my next training session. That’s if there is a “next training session.” At this point, I’ll be lucky if I don’t get pushed out of the loading hatch and into space to suffocate. Part of me, though, finds all of this liberating. For so many years I’ve been under Mathar’s thumb, molded to however he wanted me to act. Mathar wasn’t strong, he was just rich and providing me a paycheck. Now, I can insult the Commander of the First Order without a blink of an eye. I made a decision for myself without being caught up in the consequences. Sure, I’m pondering the consequences right now, but I don’t want to be completely reckless here. I take the time to wander throughout my quarters. I’ve been given quite the collection of clothing: black tank tops, black jeans, black long sleeve tee shirts, and black combat boots. I’m living dream. I even have black panties and bras, scandalous enough. I wonder if they guessed my bra size. At the moment I’m wearing my regular attire for when I don’t have to do anything; a tank with just underwear. It’s so nice to have my own place, after just living with twelve girls all cramped in a small loft. This apartment is even bigger than what we were given at Mathar’s. Plus I have a bed (not a cot) all to myself. And my own bathroom. And my own living area. I am truly living the dream. Usually General Hux brings me food, but recently he’s been making me eat in the cafeteria to get used to being around the troops. I hear a knock at the door almost on cue. “I’m coming!” I yell out, running to put on some pants and boots. I run back to the door, pressing the button to slide it open. I expect to see Hux, but there’s a trooper. The trooper orders, “Come with me.” He has his gun at his side but it’s still enough to make me question my situation and safety. I purse my lips, obeying. “Does this have to do with what I said to a certain Kylo Ren?” The trooper says in monotone, “General Hux is caught up with some meetings, so he could not escort you. He informed me to send you his greatest apologies.” Ok, I’m not in trouble. That’s a relief. I continue following the man down the hall. There’s a few moments before he asks, “Why? What did you say to Commander Ren?” I shrug, trying to make it seem as natural as possible. “I kind of cursed at him.” He shakes his head, “You’re going to be killed, kid. One time my colleague mumbled a curse when he messed up sending a transmission and Kylo Ren threw him across the room into a circuit board. We haven’t seen him since.” My breath catches. “I called him an asshole and told him to eat a dick.” The trooper doesn’t respond. He just laughs hysterical, abandoning me to go in the cafeteria line by myself. After collecting my food I scan the tables for a place to sit. Everyone shoots me a glance. I use the chance to peek into some of their minds and see that most of them are hoping I don’t sit near them because I’d interrupt their one and only break. Other’s really want me to sit by them so that they can mess with me and try to test me. Fuck all of them. I decide to just leave the room completely and bring my tray to the training room. Eating there seems a lot quieter. I only can pray that Kylo Ren isn’t there yet. I memorized the code that General Hux punched in, just by watching him do it. It’s the same number for many of the doors: 4-7-3-4-6-1. Sighing in relief, I enter when I don’t see Kylo anywhere. I scan the room for a place to enjoy my wonderful gourmet meal. Sitting on one of the weight lifting benches will do. Time to dig in. This food never gets better. I try so hard to tolerate it, but it’s just too disgusting. Nevertheless, I force it down with a grimace because if I don’t I get terribly hungry throughout the day. We choose our battles. The door opens and I freeze. Kylo Ren steps in, not noticing me at first. He’s in the regular attire; black robes, mask, dark cowl. He takes a few steps. Stops. He sees me. Great. The moment I’ve been waiting for. “Why are you eating in here?” Kylo Ren asks with his usual, monotone voice. I barely manage to respond without stuttering. “I didn’t want to eat in the cafeteria.” He doesn’t say anything. That’s not a good enough excuse for him. I continue, “I heard their thoughts and decided better of eating with them.” His long legs carry him closer to me. His arms cross across his chest. “You are pathetic.” “Yeah…” That’s all I can think of saying. He’s not exactly wrong. I am pretty pathetic sometimes, but once again; I choose my battles. Kylo Ren doesn’t say anything. He just stands there, looking down on me. I feel like I should apologize for yesterday, but at the same time I don’t want to bring it up. I don’t even feel sorry, so I better not try to make it seem like I am. I say, “What about you? Aren’t you in the mood for lunch?” He doesn’t budge. “I don’t have much of an appetite.” I breathe in, taking another bite. Eating in front of him makes me feel super insecure. I feel like he’s going to correct my manners on how I hold my fork. No, not correct. Scold. I respond, “That’s convenient, I guess. No time to eat when there’s a galaxy to rule.” He adds on, stepping away, “Actually, I recently ate a dick so I’m fairly full.” I nearly choke on my food. Is he joking? I hope to God that was a joke, but I can’t tell. Damn that mask. Fuck. I stutter, “Um, about that, I guess I-” His head turns back towards me, “I’d like to inform you that you are not special. I don’t care about your safety. Many people are force sensitive and I could find another like you, probably even better, in a millisecond.” That’s bullshit. “Then why am I not dead?” Kylo Ren responds, “I don’t feel like wasting my energy in killing someone so weak.” “I’m sure, Master Ren.” Sarcasm is clearly evident in my voice. Kylo Ren just confirmed that he has been told not to kill me. Probably by Snoke. Snoke seemed to like me. I wish he could train me instead of Kylo Ren, he seems so much more wise and helpful. ................................................................................................................................................................................................. All in spite of Ren, I kickass in training today. He has me work on some combat on the punching bags and makes me run on the treadmill. As I’m running, steading my pace as he increases the speed, I ask, “How long do I have to do this?” He replies, eyeing the console of the treadmill. “Let’s try some of the meditation I taught you yesterday. See if you remember what I taught you.” I push back my hair as I sprint harder, nodding. I wait for him to lower the speed so I can step off, but he doesn’t. My words come out pushy, but I really do not intend for them to be, “Do you just want me to jump off the treadmill then?” "No,” he says. “We can do it while you run.” Fuck. He immediately starts digging into my mind. I close my eyes and ignore it. There is no pain. There is no exhaustion. There is nothing for him to find here. No memories, no knowledge, no emotion. Nothing. I use the force to help build up the wall that blocks him. He cannot find anything. There is nothing to find. I notice the speed of the treadmill increase as well as the pain in my head. I panic, trying to desperately keep up my footing. He uses the opportunity to his advantage. “I see a woman. She has deep purple skin and long blonde hair.” Vara. I try to block it out, but it’s a lot harder now that he’s in. I have to push him out. I also have to focus on pushing myself to keep up with the pace of the treadmill. Push him out. That’s all I have to do. There is nothing, there is nothing, there is nothing. Kylo Ren goes deeper into my mind, “She can only sleep the nights where you hold her. She finds comfort in you, you find comfort in her. You even find her to be attractive, like if you were in another world-” Whatever I was originally doing is not working now that he’s in, so I take another tactic. All that anger I stored up, all that rage, I use. I push him out with everything I have. I remember the anger I used on the punching back and use that on the force I feel invading my mind. Then I see something odd. It reminds me of when Snoke gave me the vision of my family. There’s a few flashes of light and I zero in on the source. There’s a bearded man in tan robes, looking down on a young boy with dark hair. The man instructs, “You’re potential is dumbfounding. I will not allow you to waste it.” The boy responds desperately, “Master Luke, what if it is not the path for me? I feel like I shouldn’t be struggling in this way if-” Suddenly, I feel myself flying across the training room. My back hits the wall with a bang and I fall to the ground. Kylo Ren stands, shoulders heaving with an arm outstretched. “What the actual hell?!” I demand at him. I can’t even see straight because everything is so dizzy. My back aches viciously. Kylo Ren barks, “Do not do that ever again, do you hear me?” “Why the fuck did you show me that if you’d get so pissed and-” “I did not show you that!” He stomps over to where my body landed and shouts down at me. “You invaded my mind, you are never to do that to a rank above you!” I use the wall above me to help me heave myself up. My spine feels so fucked. I spit at him, “Fuck you.” He begins to stomp away, waving his hand, “Our training is dismissed and I will speak to Snoke about your removal.” I smirk, whipping some of the blood from my nose. I didn’t even realize it was bleeding. “Make sure to tell him that you, the powerful Master of Ren, couldn’t close your mind to some girl who didn’t even know how to enter it.” Kylo Ren grunts angrily as he uses the force to pick up a weight and throw it across the room. It hits the wall with a thump. All I do in response is sneer, “And you think I’m pathetic.” I go to exit, but call back before stepping out of the door, “Good thing you have that mask to cower under. It makes me wonder how far you are from being the little boy under the thumb of Master Luke.” Before he reacts I step out and close the door. I hear the sound of whooshing and breaking from inside. I’ve never heard a lightsaber, but I’m sure that’s what it sounds like as it strikes everything in its path. Pathetic. Notes: daymmmmmmmmmmmMmmmmMmm Kylo got pretty rekt lmao. sorry this chapter was a little shorter. kinda just how it worked out ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ but honestly, thank you all so much for reading. every kudos and hit makes me so excited to tell more of this story! i honestly didnt know what to expect when writing this fanfic, but it is so much fun! im so happy i decided to do it! thank you all again! the next chapter is gonna be good! Chapter 5 : A Promise of Retribution Notes: T/W: Mentions of main character comforting people who have dealt with sexual abuse. Doesn't go into detail and is very vague, but yeah, just wanted to let you all know before hand! hope you enjoy this chapter! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) The next few days are very quiet. Kylo only tells me exactly what to do and nothing more. We don’t work on the force. He doesn’t try to enter my mind. Perhaps it’s better this way. I feel a lot more physically strong. I’ve always tried to maintain my health at Mathar’s, but this has been a whole different level of training. I've really pushed myself to do everything with as much strength as I can find within me. One day Kylo Ren doesn’t even show up to train me. He only gives me a list of things to complete. I complete them and then do some more. Sometimes in the middle of the night I find myself wandering down the dark halls to the training room. I find that it’s easier to sleep after I exhaust myself. Sleep has been coming very difficult. I close my eyes and see Mathar’s face. I see all the horrible things he has done to my friends. I imagine all the horrible things he’s doing to them right now. I shudder violently as I roll on my side, bedsheets clumped in my hand. I worked out so hard all day. I got too lightheaded and decided to come back to my residence to drink some water and attempt sleep. Dehydration is a likely diagnostics for how I’m feeling. Sweating is a constant thing I’m doing. This ship is so cold all the time, so I am constantly getting chills despite the fact that I’m always sweating. It’s such an awful combination of feelings. I try rolling on my other side and curling up my knees. My body is so heavy. Every movement feels like an exercise of its own. I can barely even eat because each bite of food feels like I’m chewing on stones. Exhaustion has never hit me so hard before. I scrunch up, my knees close to my chest. I try to meditate and use all the tactics I’ve learned from my training to block out dark thoughts, but I do not have that kind of strength. At that moment I hear a knock at my door. I glance over at the clock; it’s 3:36 AM. If Kylo Ren is at my door to complain about me projecting my sadness I swear to god I will drive his lightsaber into his chest myself. I trudge to the door, not giving a single fuck that I’m only in my tank top and underwear. I am not putting on pants for this. There’s another knock and I groan, pressing the button to open the door. My eyes scrunch up, trying to adjust them to the light of the hall. “Who the hell are you?” There’s a tall man standing there with black tousled hair that reaches his shoulders. He’s wearing black sweatpants and a long sleeved grey tee shirt. His bronze eyes are completely enticing as they peer down at me. I take particular notice in his broad shoulders and milky skin. He looks regal and striking. His adam’s apple bobs and he swallows a breath. His voice is low and calming. “You’re obnoxiously projecting again.” The realization hits me. “Fuck you.” I quickly reach the button to close the door, but he uses the force to keep it open as he steps inside. Out of all the things I imagined Kylo Ren looking like, this is not one of them. His hair is very smooth and nice. Shit, he just looks so kind and nice. He’s sleepy and innocent. I laugh out loud, “I’m finding it hard to believe that you’re the man who just destroyed one of the training rooms because of a temper tantrum.” He glares at me. I wonder how many times he’s glared at me like this without me knowing. He responds sarcastically, “I don’t need my helmet to kill you.” The smooth nature of his deep voice is almost unreal. I subconsciously cross my arms over my body. “I don’t think I could project if I’m dead. You’d be able to finally get your beauty rest.” I look down, being reminded that I’m not wearing pants. “Why are you here?” “First of all, cut out all the sarcastic bullshit and continual cursing with me.” Doubtful. He scans around my apartment, his eyebrows furrowing in concentration. “I couldn’t sleep because you were projecting so loudly so I figured that I would help you.” My head shakes and I stare at my toes. “Listen, I promise I’ve really been trying to not project. I have been this whole entire week and I’m too tired to try as hard as I’ve usually been.” I look up to him. I probably look like a shameful puppy that just got their toy taken away. His eyes are so concentrated onto mine. He’s so focused. I notice how long his dark eyelashes are. “To be honest, even though I think you can be a dick, I feel really bad about distracting you because of my feelings. I feel really guilty and awful about a lot of things and I just can’t find the energy to push away those feelings.” Kylo Ren bites his lip in thought. His lips are pink and full. It is nearly impossible to stop looking at him, taking it all in. This is the man I’ve been with for hours each day. He responds, sighing, “Go lay down. Do you have a chair?” I nod. “In the bedroom.” He allows me to lead the way. I am now very very very aware I’m not wearing pants and he could very well be looking at my ass right now. But I’ve been working out, so I’m sure my ass looks decent. I focus on that to put aside my insecurities of the situation. I lay on my bed, pulling the covers over me. Kylo drags a chair to the side of the bed and settles down into it. His limbs are so long, but not exactly lanky. Through his shirt I can see some ropes of muscle. I catch myself staring at his large hands. His fingernails are almost nonexistent. I can tell he chews them down as far as he can. There’s also torn skin on the edges of his nails, where he’s been picking and biting at. He sees me staring and self-consciously runs his hands into his raven hair. He begins, “What is the main thing keeping you from sleeping?” I sigh, searching my thoughts for that answer. I nuzzle my head further into my pillow. “I don’t know. I feel like everything is just heavy.” Kylo shifts in his seat. “Where do your thoughts tend to go when you try to sleep?” I respond, “Mathar, my old boss. He just is an awful man. And I feel like I have the strength, the responsibility to end all the pain he’s causing. Right now he could be hurting any of my friends.” Kylo intercedes my train of thoughts when I pause. “Hurting? How does he hurt them?” I pull the blanket further over me, up to my shoulders. My body curls. “Just any way he can. Every way he can. He verbally humiliates them. If he’s angry he randomly hits them. And if he’s bored he takes some of them into his quarters and they come out bawling.” A look of concern reaches Kylo’s face. The expression doesn’t seem foreign, right here and now, talking to him. It’s just odd to think that this man is the Master of Ren. He asks, “Did he ever do that to you?” A pit forms in my stomach. “One time, I tried to protect my friend from it happening to her. I told Mathar that I would take her place and do whatever he wanted. But he said that he didn’t want me and proceeded to drag her away… She was screaming.” I picture the look on Vara’s face as she tried to rid herself of his grasp, but couldn’t. Kylo looks down and nods. “You felt helpless.” Agreeing, I respond, “Exactly. I would’ve done anything to help her, but I couldn’t.” I sit up a bit, focusing on Kylo’s eyes as they follow my movements. “Now, I don’t feel helpless. I feel powerful. I feel like I can stop what he’s doing. And I don’t think I’m ever going to see any peace until I do.” Kylo remains so concentrated on me. He doesn’t try to read my mind, he just tries to take me in. I appreciate that. I see now that he remained quiet under his mask for long periods of time because he is observant of his surroundings. He listens and analyzing so that he doesn’t waste time saying anything that doesn’t need to be said. Finally, he responds, “Tomorrow we’ll focus a lot on using the force to manipulate matter. The day after that I’ll teach you some more techniques for combat with a blaster and dagger. Then we’ll leave first thing in the morning for Mathar.” My lips part in shock. “Kylo…” Kylo Ren stands to his feet. “Refer to me as your Commander or Master. This is not a favor. It’s just a way to continue your training, we can’t have insignificant issues like this interfering.” I am still in such shock, I can’t even roll my eyes. After collecting myself, I manage a sarcastic comment, “Am I the first girl you ordered to call you Master in a bedroom at 3 AM?” The look on his face is priceless. I think he blushes. He actually fucking blushes. Kylo Ren blushes. His mouth is left slightly open from the shock. He stammers, “That was wildly inappropriate. You disgust me.” I giggle, unable to contain my smile. “But seriously… thank you, Master.” He’s embarrassed that I’m not taking him seriously, but slowly seems more at ease with the banter. I wonder when the last time it was someone dared to joke with him. “I really do appreciate it and look forward to my training.” He nods, looking down at me. The room is dark so his pale skin seems to be illuminated from the small amount of lights. It’s an odd contrast with his black hair, but it’s in a way artistic. “Do you need my help falling asleep?” What is that supposed to mean? “Um, I-” He doesn’t say anything and a hand comes up to my forehead. I freeze, my body unable to respond. He lightly brushes away the hair from my face. His fingers are warm as they glide across my skin. He pushes a strand of hair behind my ear. I try not to noticeably sigh. “Close your eyes.” He says quietly. Not quite a whisper, I can’t imagine the man whispering. It’s more like a prayer. I obey. I melt under his touch and feel relaxation consume my body. The next thing I know is waking up in the afternoon from the best sleep I’ve ever had. ............................................................................................................................................................................................... The next day in training is nice. More relaxed than usual. Kylo still pushes me, without a doubt. We do some more meditation exercises, but he doesn’t exhaust my power like he did before. He just stretches it. He allows me to get a drink before moving onto my next task. I decide to begin some light conversation. My eyes glace towards his masked face. “I wonder what my voice would sound like with that thing on.” He responds, his gloved hands connecting in front of his body, “Not nearly as intimidating as I sound.” I try not to smile too hard. He’s joking with me. Kylo fucking Ren is joking with me. “Can I try it on, Master?” “Absolutely not.” It was worth a shot. “Now finish your break and get back to the mat.” I obey, taking one last sip of water before returning to the mat. I watch Kylo go to the edge of the room and remove his mask, his long dark hair spilling forwards toward his face. Kylo never used to take off his mask before, but I guess he’s more comfortable after last night. He places his helmet down on the table and combs back his hair with fingers. I still am in awe that this is the man under the mask. The thought crosses my mind that he is beautiful and I do everything in my power to leave that deep into my mind, for no one, especially Kylo, to sense. Kylo grabs a small weight and walks over placing it in front of me. I look up, confused by the action. He just walks behind me, still standing. “Pick it up.” Even though his I heard his voice last night without the mask, it still surprises me to hear it now. I don’t think I’ll ever get used to it. I know exactly what he means and try to concentrate my energy on the object. I try visualizing the object lifting off the ground while manipulating the energy around the weight to bring it off the ground. The weight is a few pounds, but I manage to bring it off of the floor in no time. Kylo Ren crosses the room again as I’m holding the weight in the air. He instructs, “Keep it up there.” I obey, allowing the force around me to calm. Kylo walks back towards me, placing another weight down, this one thirty pounds. His voice is encouraging, yet firm, when he says, “Try to lift this one while keeping the other one in the air.” Fear strikes in me. If I learned anything about me recently, it’s that the thought of failure terrifies me. Kylo doesn’t read my mind, but he somehow knows my concern. He says softly, walking back behind me, “You have the power inside you to do it. I know you can.” The words encourage me to muster up all that power and lift the weight up. It’s almost instinctive, not needing much hesitation. I just had to lift it. The same way I would with my hands. Kylo Ren steps to my side. I see the corner of his lip twitch. I didn’t realize that I cared whether or not he’s proud or impressed by me, but in that moment I hope he can see my skill and how hard I’ve worked. Kylo goes back to the weight rack and grabs a fifty pound weight, carrying it like it’s just any other object, and carefully setting it down on the other side of the first weight, making sure it doesn’t interrupt my concentration. He says, “Try this one. Keep the other two up.” I do. I feel sweat start to form at the top of my forehead from the effort. My teeth grind together. Even a simple task, such as breathing, would interrupt my connection I have with this energy I’m trying to summon. My muscles within me cramp and I practically beg the force to allow me to lift this weight. All the object does is twitch. I exhale in frustration, trying again. I feel light fingers press softly against my temples. The objects I’m already holding up visibly jump higher. The force flowing from Kylo through me is so powerful. I always have been slightly intimidated by him, aware of his control, but I didn’t realize it was possible to have this much potential. The weight lifts off the ground in no time into the air. Kylo crouches down, still keeping his index and middle fingers on my temples. He bows his head forward so he can quietly say in my ear, “Remain holding all three up. I’m going to cut you off from using any help from me, okay?” I nod, bracing myself. Before he releases me, I feel his fingers weaving my hair away from my face. It takes me back to last night, when he helped me fall asleep. He hooks the hair over my shoulders with his fingers and sets it against my back, his knuckles grazing the nape of my neck. I didn’t realize that someone so powerful could be so excruciatingly gentle. I keep the calming feeling of his touch in the back of my mind as I keep the weights steady in the air. I am so used to using anger to fuel my power with the force, but now I find peace in the force. I hear Kylo say, “Good job. Set them down gently.” Slowly, I allow the energy I’m using to be drained away, lowering the objects to the ground. I catch my breath, not realizing how much effort and energy that took. Kylo Ren sits down next to me, with my water bottle in his hand. “Whenever you feel like you need any help or extra energy, reach out to me with the force.” I look over at him and he says, “Keep practicing lifting things, heavier the better. If you ever get bored in your apartment, just pick up random objects and try to hold them in the air as high as possible while you multitask.” I graciously accept the water from him and take a swig. I respond, “Is that what you do when you get bored on The Finalizer? Pick stuff up and put it back down?” He almost smiles at the comment. “Sometimes.” I imagine him lying in bed, in sweatpants and the tee shirt I saw him wearing last night, absentmindedly picking up books and setting them back down. I shake it away and say, “Speaking of, I think that the lack of things there is to do in my quarters kind of is driving me insane. Is it possible that I could order books or games or anything here?” Kylo leans back, relaxing into the mat. His elbows support him up, to keep him level to me. He doesn’t look at me, he just remains staring straight ahead. I notice how sculpted his profile is. He has the occasional mole and freckle scattering the canvas of his porcelain skin. “I may have some novels you can borrow. I can’t promise you that you’ll find yourself enthralled by them, but they can keep you busy.” I remember Hux mentioning that Kylo is super into the history of the First Order and its origin’s with the Empire. I say, gratefully, “Yeah, I’d really like that.” He doesn’t respond, just staying still beside me. He’s often randomly quite, I’ve noticed. Always observing. His eyes flutter downward to his knees. I didn’t realize I was starring until he looks back at me. I take in the different shades of brown in his eyes. He begins before I can think of something to break the silence with, “Are you feeling apprehensive about leaving soon, for Mathar’s Palace?” I shrug. “Apprehensive, maybe a little. More anxious to get it done and over with so I can move on with my life, so my friends can move on with their lives…” A thought occurs to me. “Wait, I’m not going in there alone, am I?” Kylo chuckles deeply at the concern. “We’re going to send you out alone after only a week of training, of course.” I feel relief spill through my body. “Thank god,” I continue his sarcasm, “I can’t have you getting in the way of my sweet revenge.” He gives a shy, boyish grin downwards. It occurs to me that this is the first time I’ve seen him smile. “I wouldn’t dare interfere.” A separate concern washes over. “But yeah, you are coming with me right? I’m not going with just a bunch of random troopers?” I can’t tell if he’s being sarcastic or not now. “What’s wrong with only going with a bunch of troopers? I don’t think my presence is crucial in the mission.” I bite my lip, looking forward. Kylo adds on, “That’s if you don’t want me to go. If you don’t need my help.” I shrug, trying to make the situation as light as possible. “Maybe you could come for backup?” He stands to his feet, shaking his head at me, “I maybe will think about it, but I’m just now settling into The Finalizer. I have so many crosswords to do. I’ll miss the wonderful food so much.” He walks back over to his mask, leaning against the table. I bring myself to my feet. “Can you please just come? You’re the only one I really know and-” He smiles again, bringing some sense of calm energy to my nerves. “Jesus, (Y/N), if you insist. If you’re so desperate for my teaching and guidance, you should’ve just said so.” Something tells me that he was planning on going the whole time. I grin at the thought of him teasing me. “Oh definitely, Master, please show me the mystical ways of picking up weights and setting them back down again.” He gives me one more grin before placing his mask over his head. “You haven’t seen anything yet.” The mechanical voice sounding so kind is something I’m not used to. “Wait until I have you pick up objects and move them at targets.” “Sounds riveting.” I follow him out the door. Outside General Hux is standing against the wall at ease. When Kylo Ren steps out, Hux stiffens up. His eyes are on mine and I sense that he’s intending to speak with me. Kylo doesn’t leave my side though, waiting for whatever General Hux has to say. Hux clears his throat. “M’lady of Ren.” He bows. I just nod, not knowing how to respond. He continues, “I have been absent on the Finalizer for some time and wish to request a brief acquaintance with your presence.” I am a little taken back by the request, somewhat even worried. General Hux surely was nice to me when dissing Kylo, but I don’t see why meeting with him again is necessary. Nevertheless I respond, “Of course.” I feel the tension radiating off of Kylo. I know how much they despise each other and I know that I relish being in the middle of them. Kylo says, “General, may I ask why you’re having a private meeting with my apprentice?” General Hux brings his chin up. “She’s been here for only two weeks, Commander. I would be careful to give her such a permeate position such as ‘apprentice’. Do not make promises you cannot keep.” Kylo doesn’t move. Every time he’s like this, just standing in terrifying silence, I wonder what his facial expression reads. He says, “Are you worried about me making breakable promises or are you worried another person on this ship is achieving a higher rank than you?” General Hux snaps back, “And do you see her as an apprentice or just a way to make me feel inferior to users of the force?” I interrupt, feeling uncomfortable by the situation. “General, if you wish to meet with me, please do it. I do not want to waste my time standing around listening to you bicker.” Kylo Ren then turns to me, “Please be brief. You have many things to accomplish because of all the time you have lost letting your silly weaknesses distract you.” “Jesus,” I mumble under my breath at Kylo. I don’t think he hears me. As Hux follows me down the hall he folds his hands behind his back. He still is such a quick walker. I was taken by surprise by Kylo’s recent comment. I thought that he was pleased with my work, not frustrated that I’m letting my weaknesses distract me. Why would he joke with me one second and then passive-aggressively attack my progress in training? Why is he so fucking moody out of nowhere? “General Hux,” I hear Kylo’s voice call out, making me jump. “Yessir.” Hux turns back around. “Escort her to my quarters when you are done.” He demands, then starts walking the other direction. Why the hell does he want me to go to his quarters? I feel as though I am a child who has been called down to the principal’s office. “Y/N?” Hux says, sounding like he’s trying to regain my attention. “I’m sorry, what?” I ask. Hux repeats, “I was wondering how you are getting along. Snoke made it my responsibility to watch over you when you are not training with Kylo and the recent missions I’ve had to attend have caused me to slack off.” I shrug. “It’s actually been alright. I’m starting to get used to everything.” He responds bitterly, “You haven’t been getting along well with my troopers.” I say, “What gives you that idea?” “Well, you’re the first decent looking girl they’ve seen on this ship in a while, so they all have taken quite a large interest in you and in meeting you. But they say you constantly ignore them, that you already have that Kylo Ren superiority complex.” I almost laugh out loud. “What? I haven’t even talked to any of them. I don’t eat with them anymore either.” “That’s probably why they assume you are such a snob.” Ah, how ironic that General Hux is calling me a snob. “I frankly don’t care what they think of me. I just wish to train.” He scoffs. “You have lost yourself to Kylo Ren, I see.” I roll my eyes at the thought. “You’re greatly mistaken, General. I haven’t destroyed one piece of expensive equipment.” We reach the empty cafeteria. It’s dark and seems so much bigger than usual, without the troops crammed at the tables. Hux offers me a seat and I take it, settling myself in. He asks me, “So you’ve come in contact with Ren’s temper?” I nod. “Yeah, like the first time I told him that he was an asshole and he needs to eat a dick he didn’t really respond, but then I brought up some stuff I’ve seen when I read his mind and he got pissed and destroyed one of the training rooms.” A grin of excitement spreads across Hux’s face, “Do tell more.” I frown at his eagerness to hear about Kylo’s downfalls. It’s just very unsettling that he’s so invested in it. “You didn’t bring me here to gossip about Kylo, did you?” He chuckles, sitting up. “Actually, no. I would like to invite you to a political event.” My face scrunches up. “Are you sure?” “Indeed.” Hux reasons, “You’ll meet some of my troops, get to know more about the First Order, and a beautiful woman such as yourself can help negotiations sway in our favor.” “I am aware.” I say coldly, flashing back to working at Mathar’s. I stand to my feet, feeling turned off by the whole proposition. “Please take me to Kylo’s now.” He nods, pushing in his chair. “Do please consider my offer.” “I’ll think about it.” Hux nor I speak as he escorts me to Kylo’s quarters Notes: thank you all so much for reading! i really appreciate it! Kylo's starting to be less of an ass! :3 that's always fun! I hope you guys are enjoying these updates! i seriously am so happy that people are reading it! thanks again! Chapter 6 : The Preperation Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) When Kylo opens his door, he’s still in his mask and uniform. He peers out the door, looking up and down the halls. “Did Hux bring you here?” He questions. “Yeah, but I think he tried to leave as quickly as possible to avoid any potential conflict.” Kylo amusingly nods, “Typical.” He steps out of his doorway. “Come in.” I oblige and observe his quarters. He’s decently decked out. There’s furniture everywhere, all of course gray to slightly contradict the black walls and floors. There’s a metal chandelier that catches my eye hanging from the middle of the room. The way it reflects the lights around it reminds me of the metal linings on Kylo’s Mask. The two walls to my side are filled with books. I didn’t even realize that so many books exists. But the main beauty is the wall facing me. It looks so complex, a crystal clear picture of the galaxy. There’s a blue planet and a small reddish planet. The swirls of their atmospheres looks like candy my mother used to give me whenever I did well in grade school. I walk towards it, hoping I don’t seem too eager to Kylo. It’s so beautiful. I feel the cold, texture of it, dragging my fingers across. It feels almost like glass. Kylo walks into the other room and removes his mask, placing it on a platform that seems to have dust on it. I wonder why he would have such a thing, I would assume it’d be messy. He walks back out and closes the door behind him, joining me in his front room. I can’t even begin to take in the sight of this picture, or painting or whatever it is. I ask Kylo, still astonished, “Who did this?” Kylo can’t contain a deep laugh, “What?” My eyes peel away from the sight and I look to him, furrowing my brow. He’s completely amused by the question. “Like, who is the artist that has done this?” This makes him laugh even more. “Well, the force is, technically.” I feel him gently probe into my mind in an effort to understand what I imply by my question. I make it easier for him by slightly projecting my thoughts. “This is a window.” He insists, eyebrows raised. I gasp. “I don’t believe you!” My fingers press against it. I cannot believe it’s real. I’ve looked up and seen the sky before. On my home planet and on Mathar’s. But I’ve never seen anything like this. “This surely isn’t the only time you’ve seen space.” Kylo protests. I don’t think he believes my awe. I respond, not being able to contain my smile from amazement. “Mathar’s city planet is full of pollution so we are lucky if we even see a star or moon. While my home planet was a rain planet, all we had were clouds.” He doesn’t respond, only remaining to continue looking out the window with me. I wonder if he’s seen space this much he’s bored. I can’t imagine finding any of this boring. There’s so many damn stars, too many to even begin to count! I say, “Thank you so much for showing me this.” He finds all of this quite amusing, I notice. I don’t think he realizes how sheltered and stuck most people are. He turns away and sits on a chair, leaning back. I feel another gentle probe at my mind. I wonder why he wants to know what I’m thinking, but I don’t see any reason in hiding it, so I allow him in. I can’t bring myself to peel my eyes away from the window. I never really have thought about how big the galaxy is. This is just a portion of it, too. Such a small portion. Those planets, far larger than the Finalizer, are just the size of my thumb from here. Everything is so small yet vastly large. He speaks up after a few minutes of either looking out the window with me or looking at me myself. I can’t really tell. “That window isn’t what I brought you here for. I was intending to show you something.” “What?” I resist making a dick joke, because I feel like he’d be very opposed by that. Plus, I think we are just now beginning to get along. I don’t want to ruin that with raunchy humor. As much as I would like to bring raunchy humor into the dynamic. Kylo Ren looks at his bookshelves in the same way I look out into the galaxy. He nods at them. “You can pick whatever you’d like. They are all history and informational. I think they would be very beneficial to your training.” “Kylo, I just saw outer space for the first time, do you really think I am going to know where to start with all of these books?” Kylo frowns. “Commander or Master, please.” Whatever. “Okay, Commander or Master, recommend me a book.” He stands to his feet, pressing two fingers to his chin in thought. He scans all the books, thinking something specific about each one before stepping towards the shelf and pulling out a red book. I stand on my tip toes to see the cover because of his height. “The Book of Sith…” I read, accepting it as he hands it to me. He nods sitting down on the couch. My body sinks into the cushion more than I expected, making my leg close to his. He shifts over, lengthening the distance between us. Kylo begins, “Sith Lords were people who were trained in the dark side of the force a while ago.” He leans forward so that his elbows are on his knees. “My grandfather was one of the strongest Siths known to history.” My eyes widen with astonishment. “You grandfather?” He nods, “Darth Vader.” I gasp. “You’re lying to me. I’ve heard of Darth Vader, he led the Empire. That’s your grandfather?” Kylo Ren seems to take large interest in all of this by the look of excitement on his face. “Yeah, I am in awe that I share similar genetics with someone so powerful.” I shrug, “How is that hard to believe when you’re the leader of the Knights of Ren? You seem fairly powerful if you ask me, Master.” He looks down, his smile growing wider. “Well, do not take offense to this, but you just saw your first space landscape, I wouldn’t go to you to ask about how powerful I am in comparison to the greats.” I laugh at his response. He does have a point. He continues, “But Darth Vader is a large reason why I serve the First Order today. The force allows people to live on past death. Ever since I was a child, I’ve heard Darth Vader in my mind, drawing me to the darkness of the force. He’s been guiding me and allowing me to accomplish my full potential. He was so close to finishing what he set out to do, bringing peace and order to the galaxy. A traitor killed him, however. I want to finish his goal for him, to clear my family’s name.” I find it very comforting, how invested Kylo is in all this stuff. “That’s amazing. He was so powerful, death could not even defeat his voice.” Kylo leans back, running a hand through his hair. “I only hope I can make him proud…” Quickly, he reverts the subject. “Anyways, the Sith were very strong people, all so wise and powerful. Learning about their history with the dark side will help you a lot. Additionally, I think it’s interesting to read about. History contains the best stories to discover. All fictional stories are is interoperations and inspirations from history.” His voice is so low and calming to me. So calculated and peaceful. I feel drowsy listening to him talk, but also warm, and also intrigued. He senses my comfort and asks me, “Do you wish to head back to your quarters? I could have a trooper escort you.” I shake my head. “I want to start reading this book, if you don’t mind. I won’t be a bother and I’ll stay in this room.” “You have my permission to take it to your quarters.” My eyes glance over at the window subconsciously. I love the atmosphere of this room. I love being able to look up and see space. It’s so nice. The corners of his mouth rise. “Very well.” He glances towards the door to his left, “Just do not enter that door. The bathroom and kitchen are over there.” He points at the door to his left. “If you feel hungry, please treat yourself. And just use the com system to notify a trooper when you’re ready to leave. I don’t want you wandering the halls of this ship alone at this time of night.” I have never imagined Kylo Ren as someone so caring. I want to ask him why he’s being so nurturing towards me, but I am his apprentice. He wants me to succeed, it’s his job. I end up abandoning all those thoughts settling for a simple, “Goodnight, Master.” Kylo doesn’t say anything back at first. He just stares at me, looking down to my toes then up to my forehead, and finally focusing back on my eyes. One of his fingers at his side twitches and he says, “Get some rest soon. That’s your main priority.” With that he leaves for his bedroom, closing the door behind him. ......................................................................................................................................................................................... I wake up nuzzled up in the corner of a couch… Kylo Ren’s couch. A black cowl is spread across my body, keeping me warm against the brisk air of the Finalizer. I don't remember using it before I fell asleep. I don't even remember falling asleep in itself. I look outside the window to see the sky, still as dark and vast as before. It’s comforting, to know that from far away nothing has changed. I enter the kitchen Kylo mentioned and see him against the stove, making some scrambled eggs. He senses my presence. “You should’ve gone back to your room last night.” That’s all he says. He doesn’t turn around or even give me a good morning. He’s wearing a dark tee shirt and some black sweatpants. I notice his arms, roped with muscles, yet not too bulky. I sit myself at the table. “I crashed, sorry.” “Do you want food?” “Yea, thanks.” Eventually, he joins me at the table, distributing the eggs equally between us. He slides the plate over to me on the cool dark counter and grabs forks for the both of us. The kitchen is impeccably clean, I notice. Everything is so shiny. Kylo’s hair is darker than usual, still damp from a recent shower. A strand falls in front of his face and he uses his fingers to draw it back, combing it against his scalp. He eats with awful posture, his back hunched over a lot, avoiding eye contact. He makes conversation through bites. “What did Hux want yesterday?” I never heard Kylo talk about Hux, only Hux talk about Kylo. But I know for certain their hatred is mutual. “He wanted to invite me to some political event.” Kylo doesn’t react by glancing at me, he is still focused on eating his food. “The event for negotiations with the Pushua System…” I notice how fluffy the eggs are. I’m slightly impressed. There’s different flavors incorporated in the eggs that he added himself. “I suppose. He didn’t really say much about it. He just told me that I could become more acquainted with his troops and my presence would help with negotiations.” Kylo looks up from his plate finally, studying me for a moment. He looks back down, resuming his meal. “Have you ever read Hux’s mind while he is with you?” I notice how tired he seems. But that only bring light to the fact that he’s always like this; just exhausted. I wonder how he slept and if my presence was disturbing him. I respond, “The first day, without meaning to. Then he yelled at me for it. I guess he felt it.” Kylo stands to his feet after taking his final bite, placing his dishes in the sink. “You probably should attempt to read it once more.” “Why?” Kylo doesn’t answer and exits the room. “Meet me to train as soon as you are ready. We have a lot to cover before tomorrow.” ...................................................................................................................................................................................... When I enter the training room, I do not see Kylo. I only see a storm trooper. But not any normal trooper. This one has a platinum finish to their armor and a crimson shoulder cape. I feel a strong presence radiating off of them. A sense that they are not only important, but immensely intuitive. They approach me without hesitation, slightly bowing. “Good morning, (Y/N). Commander Ren has sent me here to go through some combat strategies and blaster lessons.” Her voice indicates she is a woman and I approach her, an extended arm for a handshake. She shakes it firmly and introduces herself, “I am Captain Phasma.” “It’s very nice to meet you.” I respond, feeling slight excitement for the day’s events. The woman is so fierce and official. She is not bitter like Hux, or too intimidating like Kylo. I love working with her and feel so accomplished afterwards. I feel stronger, I feel ready. The adrenalin from the training completely erases time. I didn’t realize it was so late at night. Until now, I haven’t came to the realization that I am so close to going back to Mathar’s Palace. It’s only within a matter of hours. Physically, mentally I am so prepared. But strategically, I feel awful. I don’t even know how we’re getting to Matahar’s, how long it will take, when we’re leaving in the morning. I wonder why Kylo didn’t train me today, or talk to me after I left his quarters. Anxiety forms a thought in my mind that he changed his mind about taking me. It’s a pointless mission. It’s only to help me clear my thoughts and receive closure. What if Kylo has changed his mind about me? Realized that I wasn’t worth this extra training. I know that I have overstepped my boundaries with him countless of times, but I will not work with anyone who I am terrified of. I simply refuse. I am not terrified of Kylo Ren. He just makes me worried. He’s too unreadable and unpredictable. Everyone else hates him, is vastly intimidated by him. But he’s someone who I feel comforted by. He’s someone I want to know better and try to help. I remember the image of the boy with his Master Luke, an image that I saw through Kylo’s mind. At the time, I didn’t know what was under that mask. But now that I’ve seen his raven hair and brown eyes, I know that boy was Kylo. Kylo Ren… his grandfather Darth Vader. His previous Master, Luke. It has to be Luke Skywalker, Darth Vader’s son. And if that’s the case, Kylo Ren must be Luke Skywalker’s son. I lean back in the realization. I had no clue I was involving myself so deeply in someone whose family line has changed the course of the galaxy. And will continue to change the course of the galaxy. This, of course, leaves me with countless questions. Where is Luke Skywalker now? Why did Kylo get so defensive when I saw the memory? What was so vital about that memory that it was the first I could access? And most of all, Luke Skywalker was the one who brought down the Empire… surely, he wouldn’t support the First Order. Nevertheless, support Kylo Ren's accomplishments. I return to my quarters, curling up under my covers. The training with Phasma today really wore me out. Falling asleep, despite my constant train of thoughts, is manageable tonight. Notes: Hey hope everyone liked this chapter! sorry I didn't upload it for awhile. got sort of busy with marching band starting up again. thanks for reading, as always! Chapter 7 : Mission One: Killing Mathar Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Kylo is having a bad day. I can sense it. A trooper wakes me up in the early morning/late night and hands me my temporary robes. They’re all black and dark brown, of course. There’s a holster for my blaster, but nothing more complicated than that. I catch a glimpse of myself in the mirror before I go to meet Kylo at his ship in the hanger. I look tired, my face more defined than usual. My eyes have dark shadows around them, but there’s something about the look that makes me appear more lethal. I guess scary isn’t quite the word. Perhaps intimidating. Kylo’s first words to me in the hanger is, “Let’s get this done and over with.” I am far too tired to search my vocabulary for any response, so I just follow him inside his Command Shuttle. The first room is just full of gear and random equipment, then there’s a room with two small mattresses, both notably pushed as far away as possible, and then the flight deck, where all the control panels are. I notice how quick Kylo is to sit at the panels and start pressing away at buttons. This is all so normal for him. He controls the ship with ease, not saying anything to me in the process. I feel like every second he’s away from me, he distances himself further. And every second we’re together I’m trying to urge him to stay still so I can catch up. I ask him after long minutes of silence, “My friends… after we free them, where will they go?” Kylo sighs in annoyance. “Nowhere. The First Order is not a charity case.” My body stiffens. “Well I don’t want to go through with the plan if they’re just going to end up poor and on the streets. They’ll be in even worse situations than they already are in.” I anticipate Kylo to yell at me, but instead he just says in exhaustion, “I’ll figure something out. Just don’t concern yourself with it. For now, leave me be so I can concentrate on flying.” I notice how he’s completely still, looking straight ahead. Something tells me flying the ship doesn’t require much concentration from him. My eyes are drawn to a red flashing light that has the text “AUTO PILOT” above it. Typical. I want to snap at him but I decide better of it. I leave instead. ............................................................................................................................................................................ Kylo is violently projecting. Although I’m in the other room, laying on this mattress, I can feel his stress poisoning the oxygen of the ship. I wonder if this is what it was like for Kylo, when I first arrived at the ship and projected all my anger. And can see how it was distracting for him. It’s distracting for me to sense his feelings because it just fills me with worry. I don’t understand why he’s suddenly under so much pressure. The mission is simple and not complicated. If he were worried about the mission at all, I have a feeling he would not allow me to go through with it, let alone accompany me. I wonder if he’s aware of the extent to which I can feel his emotions. I want to be able to help him, in some sort of way he’s helped me. I enter the flight deck to see Kylo sitting at the main chair, elbows on the control panel. His palms are pressed to his face. The last thing he wants to do is talk to me, but I feel obligated to speak up. I remember the nights Vara would be awake, sitting on her bed, just staring blankly at her sheets. Her sadness would draw me by her side and I would help her make it through the night. I wish I could’ve done more. I can’t stop myself from expressing my concerns. I inhale sharply. “You should really go get some sleep, Kylo.” He slowly raises his head from his hands. His voice is laced with venom, sounding harsh. “I continually tell you to call me Commander and Master but you do not listen.” “I’m sorry, I-” He stands from his chair, glaring at me. His voice raises with an edge, “I am not your friend. I do not care for you. My only bonds with you are through the force, you must let go of any type of humor you find in talking to me. If you want to master the dark side of the force you cannot bother yourself with worries, such as another person’s sleeping schedule.” I am taken aback by the sudden lash out. Even though he sounds terrifying, he also sounds insecure, slightly scared. I do not mention that though. It is clearly not the time. Instead, I respond, “I’m sorry, Master. It won’t happen again.” Kylo- I mean Master Ren –returns to sitting at his seat, falling into its cushion. He runs his hands through his hair, the darkness giving the illusion it has the consistency of oil. He speaks, still facing out the window instead of towards me, “Snoke sees so much potential within you. He doesn’t want you to be just another Knight. He wants you to be my apprentice. It would further my own training.” “Really? I don’t see how he’s so impressed by me… I mean, I work hard, I do, but I am incapable compared to many of the other people in The First Order.” “Snoke senses a significant amount of anger within you. The other Knights are very military, full of order. You’re chaotic, yet powerful. He senses an emotion and passion that he hasn’t confronted since-” He cuts himself off, rethinking the sentence. Then decides to continue anyway, “Since me, when he first started mentoring me.” “Emotion and passion…” I say lowly. “That doesn’t quite sound like you.” Kylo straightens up slightly, a gesture I’ve noticed when he becomes nervous. He changes the subject, “I tried to get rid of you. I begged him to have me go out and find someone else, someone more malleable.” I respond on defensive, “Wow, thanks.” He shakes his head, signaling to me I took what he said the wrong way. “Training you is part of my training. If Snoke is correct about the comparisons he makes between our personalities, you will not be easy to train. The other Knights were so simple to train, because they didn’t have emotions. And they were too smart to tell me to eat a dick.” I giggle, thinking back to the encounter. “I’m glad I can keep you humble.” He notices our conversation turning friendlier and he reverts it. “Do go back to sleep. Or at least stay in the other room, I wish to be alone.” My feet lead me out the door, despite my mind telling me that I should stay and ask him what’s so wrong today. I suppose I am worried about him. This man, who just told me he doesn’t care about me at all, is a man I worry for. Before I walk out, I force myself to pause and say, “Did I do something wrong, Master?” “No,” he bites the inside of his cheek and his head turns so that he can see me from the corner of his eye. “You did nothing wrong. I do not wish for your presence at the moment and that is all.” I nod. Leaving him is my only option, I suppose. I walk back into the quarters of the ship and lay down. I don’t take Kylo’s comments to offense. But sometimes it’s just very disheartening how much he dislikes me being around. It’s Kylo Ren… the most ruthless Commander in the galaxy. I have no clue why I expected anything more than his constant disapproval of my presence. But I find comfort in him. And sometimes I think he finds comfort in me, a comfort he will not admit. I don’t think anyone else jokes with him or even pretends to like him. They all treat him like a dictator, they respect him out of fear. I feel safe with Kylo. I know how capable he is. I know how determined he is, as well. And if his mission is to train me in the force, then I trust he will accomplish it well. Maybe I feel so obligated to help him because he’s already helped me so much. If it weren’t for Kylo, I’d still be at Mathar’s, working to provide for my dead family. I wouldn’t even know of their passing. If it weren’t for Kylo, I wouldn’t be heading to Mathar’s Palace right now to kill the bastard in cold blood. The thought makes me shiver. I pull the thin sheet over my shoulders and switch to laying down on my right side, facing the wall. I am ashamed of how many different ways I’ve imagined killing him. I’ve thought of what to say, what last words I should make him say. I’ve thought about possibly just running in there, killing him quickly without any warning, and leaving it at that. But that’s far too easy for him. Dying won’t hurt him. It won’t hurt him in the ways he’s hurt my friends and I. The situation seems helpless because I don’t think it’s possible for him to feel any portion of the pain he’s inflicted on others. He deserves a slow death, one filled with both psychological and physical pain. I just am not sure if I am capable of that. The fact that I even brainstorm the possibilities fills me with guilt. If there is anything I learned from the Book of Sith, guilt will immensely hinder the power the dark side of the force gives you. Peace is a lie, there is only passion. Through passion, I gain strength, Through strength, I gain power, Through power, I gain victory. Through victory my chains are broken, The Force will set me free. I meditate on it for a bit. The sound of the door opening interrupts me, but I do not move. I stay facing the wall, hearing Kylo’s footsteps attempt to be as quiet as possible as he reaches his bed. I hear the squeaks of the springs as he lays down. He sighs roughly and attempts to relax. I cannot see him, but I imagine him stretching out his long legs and combing his fingers through his hair. He’s still and quiet for a moment. The force feels heavy in the air, full of anxiety and fear. He’s projecting even louder than before. I frown, worried. I use my mind to reach out, searching for any types of answers or ways to help but whatever connect I found in the force is immediately snipped off. The air is normal now. Empty, brisk and cold. I reach out to Kylo’s mind gently, but I am met with a scoff and him turning to his other side. I decide to not try to concern myself with his anxieties. Sleeping does not come. I am too busy studying the sound of Kylo’s breath. I know he’s still awake. His breathing isn’t relaxed, or even steady. It’s like he’s thinking too hard about the oxygen entering and exiting his lungs. I switch to my other side so I can look across to him. He’s lying on his back, staring blankly at the ceiling. His low, concentrated voice takes me off-guard. I didn’t even realize he knew I was still awake. “If it is at all possible, give me feedback throughout your training on your progress.” My voice is dry from the lack of speaking, so my words come out cracking, “What do you mean?” He responds, “Report to me on how you’re feeling with the Force. Tell me any struggles you’re facing in your journey. Do not fear coming to me.” “I don’t think I do.” I admit. He says, “I’ve had my share of unimpressive teachers in the force. Master Luke, the one you saw in my mind, lacked understanding. He was close-minded and expected me nothing but perfect. Snoke is intimidating. He’s very wise but I never have felt truly accepted by him. Snoke doesn’t care for anyone… which makes him strong. But also untrustworthy. Nevertheless, I have more trust in Snoke than I ever have had with Master Luke. I have had more trust in Snoke than I ever had with anyone.” I assume Master Luke is his father, based on him telling me that Darth Vader is his grandfather. But the way he talks about Snoke surprises me. I am scared Snoke can hear him, he’s always listening and monitoring. I swallow a breath. “Does Snoke know you speak that way of him? That you think he’s untrustworthy and uncaring?” He responds coldly, “No. I haven’t spoken of him to anyone until now.” “Why? Haven’t you told your other trainees this?” Kylo hesitates before answering. “The other trainees had the potential to follow orders. I believe you have the potential to create orders, to lead. But potential can be dangerous. If you do not have proper instruction, potential can be wasted or even worse, invested into the wrong things.” Guilt overwhelms my thoughts again. “I apologize for the pressure I’ve been causing you. Please don’t worry about me.” Kylo chuckles deeply. “You expect me not to worry about you when you’re consumed by your hate. Your anger is what has gotten you this far. Not your knowledge or skill. ” “Peace is a lie, is it not?” I respond, thinking back to the Sith code. I don’t understand the purpose of this conversation. My anger is a good thing with the dark side. Why does he think it’s dangerous? “You’re right…” He admits more to himself than he does to me. He tells me, “Go to sleep now.” “You haven’t gone to sleep yet at all.” “Do not concern yourself with me ever again. It’s getting horribly redundant.” With that I feel an instant relaxation come over me, like the night in my quarters where Kylo went into my mind to help me sleep. Darkness swells my vision and I fight it for a second, trying to stay awake. But the darkness is so calming, I eventually give in, allowing it to sing a mute lullaby into my mind. ................................................................................................................................................................................... I’m still asleep. I feel my mind floating away from my body, completely disconnected. But somewhere in the darkness of the backs of my eyelids I hear a voice. Kylo’s voice. Kylo Ren asks, sounding nervous, hesitant. “Are you questioning the force?” My own voice answers. “Yes… I am.” I jolt awake from the odd noises. My dreams have never been so short, so undetailed. There were no visuals to see, just a question and a simple response. I am not sure what to make of it. My body turns towards Kylo’s bed and I notice him getting his boots and gloves on, sitting at the edge of the mattress. I notice how he remade his bed already, making it look military and untouched. He looks at me and orders, no sleep in his voice whatsoever, “Get ready, I am about to land the ship.” Eagerly, I sit up and begin to lace up my dark boots laying at the floor of my bed. Kylo returns to the flight deck to pilot the ship in landing. Using the force, I push aside any anxieties and fear that creeps into my mind about the mission. I follow Kylo into the ship’s flight deck while swinging my robe around my body, poking my arms through the sleeves. I join Kylo in siting in the seats, fastening my belt. He already has his mask on, so I cannot see the look of concentration on his face as he guides the ship into the planet’s atmosphere. Nioness; that’s the name of the planet. Despite the planet’s foggy and rainy nature, it has a yellow color to its atmosphere due to all the light pollution from the cities. The planet is known for being sketchy, full of businesses that would be illegal anywhere else. Walking the streets at night is highly not recommended. As we draw nearer to it’s surface, I notice Kylo is about to land the ship on a private landing dock. “That’s someone’s house.” Kylo says coldly, “Correct.” Whatever. We land smoothly. I would’ve assumed that type of landing would be semi-difficult but Kylo made it seem so natural. I wonder if the First Order trained him how to be a pilot. If they did, I wonder if they would ever train me. He shuts the ship down and stands from his chair. I notice how he never even had his seatbelt on during landing procedure. Following him out the door, I hold in the urge to scold him on his dangerous nature. I still am not sure where my boundaries are with him, especially after last night. All I know is that whenever I test those boundaries, he will eventually lash out. I’ll save the testing of boundaries for something I deem more important. A man in a velvet robe, obvious just now rolling out of bed, runs out his condo. “THIS IS PRIVATE PROPERTY-” Kylo Ren emerges from the darkness of the ship and faces the man. The man stands still, not daring to move a single inch. Kylo’s voice is even more intimidating and solid than usual. It brings shudders down my spine. I forget how soft his raven hair is in the light, how concentrated his brown eyes are. “I’m sure you can make an exception.” The man nods, stepping out of the way, still speechless. Kylo walks past him, not looking twice at his surroundings. I try to seem as tall and intimidating as him, but the attempt just looks like a pathetic impersonation. Kylo walks right into the man’s house, nearing the exit door. On the man’s bed are two prostitutes pulling the covers over them, withdrawing in fear. Kylo doesn’t seem to notice them, but I know he is always aware of everything. He just doesn’t look. I give the two girls a reassuring nod, trying to project a feeling of safety onto them. Kylo exits the room and I sense an urgency of him telling me to move along. I do. The streets are flooded with people as usual. I am used to having to push past them, murmuring apologies as I go along. But today, with Kylo by my side, they all part away. No one dares to say a word. They’re terrified. Some are frozen like statues and other run for their lives. What has Kylo done to make these people so scared? What do they think when they see him? I ignore those thoughts and focus on how powerful this makes me feel… how powerful he makes me feel. I store that energy up inside of my core, saving it to use to destroy Mathar. Adrenaline rushes through my veins. I have somewhat of an idea of where we are in town. Mathar’s should be a few blocks away. Kylo walks into a large company to the left. I follow him, trying not to seem as hesitant as I feel. The store is for expensive technology, like holopads and comm systems. Kylo walks straight to a terrified cashier. The woman cowers behind the counter. Kylo reaches over the desk and uses the Force to open the top drawer. He pulls out a wad of currency, tucking it into the fold of his robe. He says to the woman, “You will forget about this or I will personally see to your death.” I realize in that moment that with the man at the condo, and this cashier, Kylo could’ve persuaded them using the Force. He could’ve manipulated their minds. But he didn’t need to. Being there, with his intimidating presence, is enough for them to be persuaded in doing whatever he wants. I question Kylo calmly, not really letting it sink in that we just robbed one of the biggest technology stores on Main Street Nioness, “There must be tens of thousands of dollars in that cash.” Kylo simply nods, continuing to walk down Main Street. The street is significantly less populated than before. It seems like people took the opportunity to escape while we were in the store. “For your friends.” I do my best to hide my smile. The doors of Mathar’s palace are exactly how I remembered them. The few times I did get to go outside, I dreaded going through these doors to return. Now, I anticipate it. We enter the lobby, it’s quiet and cold. Empty. I step in front of Kylo as he’s observing his surroundings. My feet quickly lead me to the elevator, pressing at the buttons of the main floor: Floor 5. Kylo joins me before the door closes me off from him. I notice my knee jittering faster and faster as each light signals that we’re up another floor. I don’t even notice Kylo looking down on me. The concern in his voice mixed with the intimidation of the projection through his mask. “Are you alright, (Y/N)?” I nod, my fingers twitching at my side. I can feel the anger racing inside of me, boiling fiercely. “I am.” My mind flashes with everything Mathar’s ever done, everything he’s ever said. I remember the time that he slapped me across the face in front of costumers. I remember the times he called me a worthless whore. I remember every time he’s humiliated me and my friends. I remember every single fucking time. The elevator stops and I am met with the sight of the waiting room. Sure enough, Vara stands there in shock, eyeing me up and down, then glancing at Kylo. She still is as beautiful as ever. Her skin radiating from the dim lights, her hair shining with radiance. She’ll never be hurt by him again. I almost melt right then and there at the sound of her voice, “(Y/N)…” I cannot help myself from running up to her, embracing her tightly. She flinches at first from surprise, but eventually relaxes into my embrace. I feel the silk of her dress on my cheek as I nuzzle it into her shoulder. She’ll never have to wear this stupid goddamn dress again. “I came back. We’re going to help you.” Vara stiffens up, being reminded of Kylo’s presence. She looks to him then back to me. Her whispers violently seethe through her teeth, “What the hell are you doing here wi-?” “I’m going to set you all free and-” She cuts me off, “With him? What the hell are you doing here with him?” I explain, rushed, “Well apparently I am skilled, destined, to use the force. That’s why those men took me. The Master of Ren has been training me and I-” She pushes me off of her. Her eyes turn dark, disgusted even. “I don’t want anything to do with this. It’s The First Order, (Y/N). You shouldn’t want anything to do with this either.” I plead, trying to grab her hand, “No, we mean well, we’ve come to set you free and stop Mathar for good.” Vara shakes her head violently, avoiding my grasp. “What did they do to you? Are they forcing you to do this?” “No!” I scoff, somewhat offended by the accusation. She purses her lips, hesitates, than says. “I know of the First Order. I know of their work. And I do not want anything to do with it, or with you if you are involved with them.” “Vara, what the hell is your-” Vara shakes her head, raising her voice, “I will not be intimidated by the First Order or you!” I stand there stunned. “This isn’t about fucking politics Vara.” I push past her, entering the dining area. “I’m finishing what should’ve ended a long time ago.” I stomp into the dining area, glaring at the girl who has taken my place. She’s terrified. I use her fear to fuel me. I am so powerful. Mathar will not stand a chance against me. He’s going to regret ever lying to me. He is going to regret ever trapping me in this goddamned hellhole. I could’ve saved my family if he didn’t keep me here. If I didn’t have to be here. They’d still be alive. I use the Force to bring my blaster to my palm and I shoot two bullets right into the heads of Mathar’s guards. I don’t care about being quiet. I hear a lightsaber ignite behind me and Kylo rushes to my side. He doesn’t say anything. I enter Mathar’s office. There he is. Already trying to open a window to escape. He’s still as disgusting as before. Unkempt beard, muddied by random grey spots. He reeks of expensive alcohol. My hand extends outward and the Force allows me to slam him in the wall, behind his desk. He cries out in pain. It’s nothing near the pain he’s caused the people around him. I raise him up from the pitiful slump on the floor to slam him into the wall again. This time it’s so hard that the room echoes the impact fiercely, like the roar of a wild animal. He manages a, “What the hell?” I use the Force to through a paper weight right into his knee. He cries out. “You lied to me, you bastard!” He sobs in pain. I let it fuel me more. He cries, “I have no clue what you’re talking about!” I forget about the force and walk behind the desk, feeling the energy boil hotter and hotter, slowly bubblier more aggressively. I kick him in the gut. Hard. “My family! You knew they died! You kept me here for free labor for years!” I kick him again. Mathar coughs roughly, blood spattering from his lips. “You’re crazy, they wrote you letters every week and I gave them to you!” I exhale aggressively through my nose and reach down to him, pulling him up by his throat. I feel how fragile the air way is. All I have to do is close my fist and he’s gone. “Liar! You wrote those letters yourself!” “You really think you’re irreplaceable? You think I’d spend my time impersonating your fucking family?” I knee him in the groin and he cries out with a high pitched scream. I spit in his face. “Are your last words going to be a lie?” I close my fist tighter around his throat, demanding an answer. The man smiles, blood lacing his teeth. His eyes go from Kylo, silently observing, then back to me. “What’d they tell you to get you to kill me? What’d they tell you to get you to work for them?” I hiss, “The First Order has better things to attend to than cleaning up after filth such as yourself.” He eyes me up and down. “Then why are you here, bitch?” My fist squeezes tighter around his throat. Almost tight enough. My nails dig into the skin. I feel his warm blood seeping around my fingertips. “This isn’t the First Order’s business. This is mine.” I do it. I feel him go limp in my hand, blood and saliva from his mouth dripping onto my boot. I drop him onto the ground and his body thumps loudly. My head is pounding. I feel every ounce of energy I once stored leave my body. Now I only feel his blood under my fingernails, the cramps in my knuckles from holding his throat so tightly, the force trying to regain balance in the room. Kylo returns his lightsaber to its holster. Out of the corner of my eye I see Vara, her hand over her mouth. Tears stream down from her eyes, to her cheeks to the ground. I stare as they splash against the cool metal floor. She says in-between sobs, “Monster…” Anger begins to enter my blood once again. I feel the man still alive inside of my fist. “If you had this power, you would’ve done the same as me! You’ve seen everything he’s done! He deserved to die!” She stares at Mathar’s limp body. I look over to see what she’s so horrified by. I see the claw marks in his neck. I didn’t realize they were so deep. The large gash in his knee. I didn’t realize I threw the paper weight that hard. The blood dripping from his cracked skull. I didn’t realize his skull shattering from the impact against the walls. I swallow hard. “He deserved to die, but this is something only someone evil could manage. You’re evil… They turned you evil.” Vara whispers. I clench my fists. “I did what had to be done!” “You murdered and tortured a man!” “I did what I needed to, Vara!” I glare. “You’re weak. You have no backbone. I spent all my years here babying you, trying to comfort you, and trying to keep you together! What the hell have you done for me? Did you even realize that I was going through the same things? Did you ever comfort me? No one ever comforted me and I didn’t say shit about it! And now I return, interrupting everything because I can’t get anything done while I’m worried sick about you and you betray me!” I turn my head to Kylo, standing still and distanced from the scene. “Give her the goddamn money and let’s leave.” Kylo reaches into his robe and grabs the wad of cash. He hands it to her saying, “Distribute this between your co-workers however you must.” “I don’t want money of the First Order.” I am taken aback by her outspokenness. She’s never stood up to Mathar, yet she can stand up to Kylo Ren. Hypocrite. Kylo just sets the money on the desk and exits. I hiss at her, trailing behind him, “Then starve and die in the street of Nioness.” Notes: again, I'm so sorry for the late upload! i had severe writers block and I really wanted to make sure I got this chapter right! this is so far my favorite chapter!!! ahhh I like the contrast between Vara and (Y/N) a lot! also (Y/N) is starting to really dive into the darkside, so thats fun to write about! nice shit! i hope you guys enjoyed it! :) plz leave me feedback and thanks for all the kudos/bookmarks! bless!!!! Chapter 8 : Blood & Wine Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The sink water is red from Mathar’s blood. I pick and pick at my finger nails, but the blood is still there to no avail. I use my teeth to pull at the nails, tearing them off into small nubs. I don’t notice I’m crying until I feel the hot tears hit my knuckles. I don’t care. I did what I had to do. Vara betrayed me. I’ve protected her, comforted her for all these years. Now she hates me because I am with The First Order. I wonder if she knows how many the Resistance murdered. I may have killed Mathar out of anger and hate, but he was a bad man. He deserved it. My family didn’t. I push away the thoughts of her tears, of her screams. She hates me. I don’t know what I expected to happen. I thought that she would think of me as her hero. I’ve done so much, I’ve gotten so far, only because she has motivated me to. I just wanted to save her and now she despises me. I bite harder at my nails. I just want the blood to be off of me. I want to shower, to get these robes off, and to cleanse myself of everything that happened today. Mathar is dead. That’s what I wanted. But The Book of Sith is right; There is no peace. All I can feel is anger. I look up to my reflection in the mirror and stare at my face. It’s ugly. Mathar’s blood is splattered across my cheek. I feel my chest rise in anger. Anger I cannot contain. My fist comes up from my side and crashes into the mirror. Blood seers down from my knuckles and my body shakes from silent sobs. I fall into the ground. I feel disgusted. Kylo open the locked door to the bathroom with the Force. I don’t look at him but I can feel him looking down at me. He says quietly, his voice indicating he is not wearing his mask, “Come on, get up.” I heave myself up and focus on the ground. I push past him when he doesn’t move out of my way. I don’t want to talk to him about any of this. I’ll be damned if he tries to give me advice about the force now. I find my bed and curl up in a ball. I’ve already stripped myself of most of my robes and remain in a black jumper. I haven’t bothered to take my boots off yet. I curl up, bringing my knees into my chest, sobbing silently. Vara hates me. Mathar is dead and I am not satisfied. I’m even more distressed than before. Killing him didn’t bring my family back. I only enjoyed killing him. I felt a rush, a relief. Vara was right… I am a monster. I feel Kylo towering above my bed. He’s probably frustrated by my projecting. But I don’t care. I don’t care at all. I am not in the mood to be lectured. Kylo says softly, a tone I didn’t know could exist for him, “(Y/N)…” I don’t allow it to get to me. He gently pries at my mind. I use all my anger and sadness to push him out. After a while I let my guard down, not even sure if he’s still there until he tries to enter mind, tapping into the part that makes me fall asleep. My fists clench violently and I squeeze my eyes shut. I feel the skin of my knuckles splitting further apart as I push myself up and off of the bed. “Goddamn it, stop! You cannot use the Force every time that you feel me projecting! Making me fall asleep isn’t just a thing to do when you need me to shut up! Just stop it! Let me handle this, I should be strong enough to fucking handle this!” “I am-” “It’s not about you! I don’t care about how this is effecting you because it sure as hell isn’t as painful for you as it is for me! So get the fuck away from me and stop trying to use your magical powers to make this shit go away! You can’t fix anything!” I have the urge to punch or push him, but I resist. “If I am feeling this guilt I deserve it.” I remain to avoid seeing his expression. I will not let him get to me. I climb back into my bed with my shoulders slumped. Burying my face into my arms, I cry harder, muffling the noise by the fabric of my suit. I feel the mattress shift as Kylo sits its edge. “I am trying to help you…” He says quietly, somewhat with reassurance. I would yell at him. But I’m too exhausted. It took enough energy to yell at him earlier. Instead I clench my fists more. I feel a light, soft touch on my back and then it retreat immediately, deciding better of the action. I don’t have the energy to yearn for it to return. He doesn’t do anything for a moment. Eventually he reaches up to the laces of my boots and begins unlacing them. I hide my face deeper into my arms, like a scared child. He pulls off the boots one by one, so gently and precisely, making sure he doesn’t disturb the position I am laying in. He stands from my bed then walks into the bathroom. I wipe my face on my shirt and stare at him through the open door as he runs the faucet, check the water with his finger tips for the temperature. His shoulders and back muscles are slightly visible in his dark grey shirt. I notice his kneecaps indenting the thin fabric of his thin sweats. He grabs a rag from the cabinet, making sure to avoid the glass from the broken mirror. Guilt overtakes me again. Why did I do that? Punching the mirror was so unnecessary. Why must I make the lives of those around me so difficult? A quivering sensation takes over my bottom lip. As he begins soaking the rag with warm water, he speaks up, “Do you have any idea how impressive you were today?” I sniff, managing a whimper, “What?” He walks back towards me, returning to his seat on the edge of the bed. He reaches for my hand, lightly patting the blood away. I notice how his skin is so soft from being under the warm water. I focus on the gentle touch of the pads of his fingers and it somehow helps me calm down. He continues, “You were so powerful, so strong. You didn’t let Vara, someone who you care deeply about, get in the way of your mission.” I flinch at the sound of her name. “What if I should have? What if she was right?” He is studying my hands deeply, starring at the knob in my wrist before bringing the rag up to spare blood spattered on the skin. “Then Mathar wouldn’t be dead and she would still be abused by him for the rest of her existence. You saved her, (Y/N). She may have gotten angry and scared because of your means of doing so, but just because you care for someone doesn’t mean you should trust that they know what’s best for the situation.” I shake my head. “I feel disgusted by my anger, my hate.” He freezes, looking me in the eyes. His plump, pink lips part lightly, observing my facial features. I can only imagine how tired I look, how pathetic I seem with tear stains covering my cheeks. His voice is low in the confession, “It was one of the most beautiful things I’ve ever seen. You lost yourself in the force, something force-users train years to do.” I feel every inch of my completely still. I have never seen Kylo express so much interest in anything before (besides Darth Vader)… let alone something that has to do with me. He holds my hands up to his firm chest. I desperately want to grab onto him for support. I can tell how warm he feels under his shirt, how solid and strong he is. He tells me, not breaking eye contact for a single moment, “Do not be ashamed of what you’ve become. Embrace it.” He waits for me to nod before releasing my hands at my side and then bringing the warm rag to my cheek. My breath hitches. I want to look down with nervousness, but I cannot stop staring at him. He’s never been this close to me before. I notice things I haven’t in his features. From here I can see every mole, every freckle and every shade of brown in his eyes. I can see where each long eyelash begins and ends, how his chapped lips still look so full and soft, and how dark stubble shows he hasn’t shaved since we left for Nioness. He gently drags the rag across my cheek, making sure he is precise and doesn’t touch either my lips or right eye. I feel like I want to say something. I search my mind desperately, but here, looking at him, I cannot find words. I only find the hunger to get closer. I’m not necessarily sure how. But his presence is so strong, so safe. I want to fall into it and allow it to control me. I feel the force connection between us noticeably strengthen. I sense that he can feel it too. He stands up from the bed and returns to the sink, fumbling for the nozzle to rinse out the rag. He has to slouch his back in order to reach it comfortably. Even without his usual attire, he’s so tall and his presence is loud. But watching his movements, all somehow either too rushed and clumsy, or too careful and surgical, I see him as a friend, companion. But I am not his friend. I am his apprentice. I do not want to make that switch in my mind. I pull the blankets over me and face the wall. Whenever I close my eyes I see her… Vara. The spite in her eyes consumes my mind. I could sense her fear, all because of me. I should listen to Kylo and embrace the power, but I only feel weak. .......................................................................................................................................................................... Every now and then Kylo pleads with me to allow him to use the Force to make me fall asleep. I say no every time. I am not usually one to deny help, but I feel like using the Force in such a way is cheating. I shouldn’t be so needy. I notice that he doesn’t go and sit in the flight deck, like he used to. He stays here with me. I turn on my side, looking to him. He’s still awake, of course, reading something on the holopad. His taps against the screen are light and precise. His brows furrow with concentration, yet he is very relaxed. As relaxed as I have ever seen him, at least. It’s just now occurred to me that he hasn’t slept since we left for this mission at all. It’s been a full day and a half. I know that if he weren’t here, with me, I’d be an emotional mess. Maybe that is why he stays. He senses me staring at him and looks over, freezing in place. I expect him to say something but he doesn’t. He just stares back. I nuzzle my head deeper in the pillow and close my eyes, more of an attempt to break my gaze at him than to try to fall asleep. I allow for a few seconds to pass and open my eyes again. To my surprise, he is still beaming, brown eyes still are set on me. I don’t break the gaze this time. I continue looking at him, studying him, as he does the same to me. This lighting illuminates his skin, making him seem almost like a ghost. The force is buzzing wildly in the air between us. I cannot tell what it is trying to say, so I tap into it. I can sense Kylo is trying search for the answer as well. I feel a small opening in his mind and decide to enter it. Everything feels warm, comforting. Yet scary like uncharted territory. It’s dark, yet illuminating with light all at the same time. Just flashes of the two alternating back and forth and back and forth. It’s so captivating that I didn’t even notice how he was inside my mind. I feel his energy and mine, slowly morphing together in the space between us. I go deeper into his mind, trying to formulate sentences of thoughts. Thoughts that he is thinking right now in this moment. I find strands of thoughts like, “seems so delicate but the dark side consumes her...” I can hear his thoughts about how smooth the skin on my arms look, how the curve of my hips are so soft under the white blanket. Overall I feel his admiration for me. It feels a lot like my admiration for him. Suddenly I need him to be closer. A pulling sensation comes across my spine urging me to him. The Force feels like it’s pulling the words from my throat, “May I lay beside you?” He cannot speak, too stunned by my words. Words I didn’t even realize I spoke aloud. He’s hesitate to his answer, but manages. All he can do is nod. I stand to my feet slowly, my legs feeling wobbling from the lack of moving for such a long period of time. He scoots over, his back against the wall, making as much room for me as possible. I lay down, making sure no part of me brushes up against him. The sheets are warm from his body. They smell like him as well, oddly making me feel comforted. “Do you feel this too?” I whisper, too afraid that speaking to loudly would ruin whatever the Force is doing. He lowers his head onto the pillow, a strand of hair falling into his face. “It is not wise for you to open your mind to me like that.” I study him. “You opened your mind to me as well…” In frustration he lays on his back. “That was a mistake.” His eyes draw downward to my body. “This is a mistake.” “Why would you not want me to see what you think of me?” I sit up with caution, propping my head on my arm. “I only saw the good things, Master.” He exhales unevenly, his breath hitching. “What all did you see?” “Was there something I wasn’t supposed to see?” He presses pinched fingers to the bridge of his nose. “I…” His eyes roll and convinces himself to turn on his side to face me. He says sternly, “You do not have to act so painfully naïve.” I, honest to God, have no clue what he’s talking about. He notices my expression of confusion and returns to laying on his back with a huff. If he won’t come out and tell me what he’s talking about, I’m going to look for it. I sit up from the bed, concentrating everything I can find in Kylo’s mind. He immediately closes himself off. But curiosity gets the best of me. I bring my fingers to his temple, in an effort to calm him, relax him. “Master…” I exhale. “Show me.” He flinches under my touch, swallowing hard. “That is enough.” “Why?” I search harder, trying not to make it uncomfortable for him. But his expression is nothing but that of discomfort. I feel how warm, smooth, his skin is. My hand brushes back into his hair, disappearing into his dark hairline. His hair is so soft, carefully kept and combed. I’m not even trying to read his mind anymore. I’m mesmerized by the feel, the look of his hair weaving in between my fingertips. His hand twitches at his side awkwardly then he draws a palm up to the side of my face, mirroring my actions towards him. But his hands are so much bigger, supporting the whole side of my head. His gentle, rough thumb brushes the soft skin of my cheekbone. He drags it downwards slowly, his breath catching when his fingertip meets my lips. He ghosts over the center of my lip with a type of intoxicating gentle nature. His eyes dart around my face, ultimately settling on my lips. I feel the force around us buzz wildly, begging for us to draw even closer. Suddenly he freezes, pushes off of me, and then retreats off of the bed. He faces the door, arms crossed. I begin, paranoid, “Did I do something?” He turns around, examining me as I sit on the bed, cheeks still red from the encounter. “What do you want from me?” “I… I don’t know? I was curious to see how you felt about me.” His chest starts heaving angrily. “I feel like if Snoke didn’t order me to train you, I would’ve killed you by now.” “That’s not what I saw.” Kylo storms into the flight deck on that note. What a fucking asshole. I know he sees me as more than an apprentice. He wants to be my friend, I know it. He was thinking about how beautiful I looked, laying in the small bed across from him. He was thinking about how intriguing the dynamic was that I seemed so delicate but had such a strong connection with the dark side of the Force. Why is he ashamed of those thoughts? I was thinking things about him, similar things, which I am not ashamed of. Should I be ashamed? I don’t think it’s any lie that I find him attractive. But that’s normal I suppose. Anyone would find him attractive if they’ve seen him without his mask. And I think that his voice is really nice. And I’m terribly interested in his past. I want him to open up to me, to allow me to help him. I feel his troubles and I notice that he shuts everyone away from him. I don’t want him to shut me out. Perhaps I pushed him too far. I was just eager to see if he felt the same about me as I do about him. Perhaps I wanted to see how I should feel about him because right now I am at a complete loss. I’m probably just desperate, caught up in the idea of him. He’s right; if Snoke didn’t make him train me he wouldn’t care at all. ................................................................................................................................................................................... The first person I see when I step out of Kylo’s Command Shuttle is General Hux. I forgotten all about him and his plans for me with the Pushua negotiations. Hux immediately approaches me, hands behind his back, walking with poise and pride. His hair hasn’t moved a single inch out of place since I left. He speaks with conviction, “I was beginning to think you would never return.” I respond, taking in the scene of the Finalizer’s docking bay, “How could I leave the wonderful cafeteria food behind any longer than I have?” “We must fit you for proper attire for the Pushua negotiations. Get you out of those robes and into something a lot more complimentary for a woman as yourself.” I want to make a snide comment to Kylo about how he already finds me fairly complimentary but I feel like that’s an awful idea. So I just nod. General Hux pulls me aside, walking me down the hall before even acknowledging Kylo. Kylo calls down to him, making Hux stop in his tracks. “General, please report to me after you get done playing dress up. I’ve been foreseeing some of your troops and I am not pleased with their progress.” General Hux tilts his chin up. He holds back an insult, projecting fairly loudly, but only says, “Very well.” Kylo nods and then disappears into a separate corridor. Hux rolls his eyes. “What’d you do? He is only pissed off by the progress of my troops when he’s in a particular bad mood.” I look back over my shoulder, watching him storm down the hallway. “I don’t wish to talk about him.” “Very well.” I take Kylo’s advice and read Hux’s mind, this time making it less obvious. Hux is horribly attracted to me. I don’t think he fancies me emotionally and he knows nothing of my skill. It’s safe to say that it’s all completely physical, but nevertheless. I study the man carefully as he looks the other way. I try to see him the way I see Kylo. It would be much easier, much more convenient, if I could. Conversations with the General bore me. Ironically enough, he only interests me when he’s talking about Kylo. And I need to get Kylo off my mind for now. The attendant continues measuring my waist, then my legs. She’s a small lady, dainty and calm. She hasn’t spoken once, which I find odd. I wonder if they let her speak. Although I have my ties with The First Order, I am not blind to how particularly harsh they can be. The woman gives a nod to Hux and Hux replies, “You are excused.” Hux’s quarters are a lot similar to Kylo’s. Instead of bookshelves, he just has expensive furniture. He also has a large window at the end of the room, but it’s covered by curtains. I cross my arms over my chest, feeling cold air rush in. “Well, if that is all I better get going.” Hux stands from his couch, approaching me quickly before I can exit. I feel his hands reach up to my shoulders. “(Y/N), you seemed stressed. Is everything on the Finalizer to your liking?” I try not to obviously shiver at his touch. “The Finalizer is perfect, yes.” His fingers begin massaging into my back, an attempt to relax my muscles. “The mission, how was it?” I roll my shoulders into his grasp. “It was… a lot. Just a lot for one day.” The General steps closer behind me, hands running down to my hips. I feel him grab lightly, pulling my body against his. His breath skims across my neck, trailing the words up to my ear, “Would you like a distraction?” Would I? I’m terribly inexperienced. As in, no experience whatsoever. Plus, it would be helpful to get Kylo off my mind. And it’s not like I find Hux unattractive… I just don’t find him on the same level as Kylo. And Kylo is obviously not going to happen. So- “Darling…” He pushes my hips towards his body once again. I can feel his length against my ass clearly. “Do not overthink it.” Ok. Don’t overthink it. I turn around, facing him and his lips immediately crash into mine. It takes me a moment to settle into his quick rhythm, trying to figure out the rhyme and reason in his lips, but as I try to reciprocate he immediately slips his tongue into my mouth. My arms lie awkwardly on his shoulders as his hands run up and down my back, occasionally down the curve of my ass. He trails kisses down my neck, pecking repeatedly. I hope to god he doesn’t leave any marks. His arms draw me in closer, grinding his length up on my stomach. Something about this just doesn’t feel right. I feel like by now, I should be enjoying this. I feel like this is the kind of closeness I’ve been craving with Kylo. I can’t even begin to imagine how dominate he’d feel against me, how safe I’d feel under his control. A man of such power becoming undone at the hands of me. A small moan escapes from my mouth. Hux takes this as a compliment of his doing and pulls away, smirking. “The bedroom is over there.” He points to the door. I nod, still slightly unsure. I feel guilty of using Hux to relieve my sexual frustrations but, honestly, I feel like it’s pretty mutual between us. He’s using me and I’m using him. He shoves me onto the bed and climbs on top of me, getting rid of my robes one by one. I wonder if Kylo has been in situations like this before. I can’t imagine he has. Closeness of another person freaks him out a lot, as far as I can tell. I feel like he’d be much more patient, more careful with the robes, due to his neat nature. Or perhaps he’d be rougher, letting himself go at the sight of my body completely open for him. He’s so unpredictable, there’d only be one way to find out. The General gets down to my last layer of clothing. He unzips the tight jumpsuit, helping me slide out of it, then tosses it aside. His eyes stay locked on mine as he bows his head down to my chest, planting kisses down my goose-bump ridden skin. I close my eyes and imagine what Kylo would look like as he goes down my chest, his dark hair dragging across my skin. His large hands palming at my breasts, pinching at my nipples. I can see Kylo forcing me to make eye contact with him as he draws closer and closer to my panties. I feel my hips jerk upward and Hux holds them down. “Eager now, are we?” He grins, breathing against my cunt. All I can do is nod, processing the words in Kylo’s deep set voice. He massages me gently, too gently. I grind myself into is hand, trying to get him to give me what I want faster. Everything feels so slick and wet from the anticipation. I’ve been sexually deprived, unable to pleasure myself, for my whole life. I grind harder. I feel all the pent up frustrations begin to gather in between my legs. Hux pulls his hand away from me, leaving me desperate. I slip my hands into my underwear and begin feeling myself. The situation makes me imagine what Kylo would do, if it were his hand instead of mine. His fingers would be so much bigger, able to stretch me further than my small fingers. I slip a finger inside me, curling it upward. I imagine how much greater the desire would be if it were Kylo, whispering things into my ear as he holds me down and finger fucks me. I slip in another finger at the thought, exhaling roughly. I open my eyes slightly to see Hux stripped down to his boxers, rubbing himself at the sight of me. If only he knew that he was jacking off to the sight of a woman jacking off to the thought of Kylo Ren. Hux lays beside me, prompting me to crawl on top of him. I oblige, starting to move my way from his neck down to the band of his boxers. I imagine how Kylo’s skin would feel against my lips, as I drag them closer and closer to where he wants them to be. I picture his large hands that once cradled my face, now moving to the back of my head, fisting the hair and pulling me downwards. Kylo, breathing heavily as I mouth at the bulge in his boxers, looking up at him with bright eyes. Hux looks back down at me, encouragingly, his lips parted. I replace the image with Kylo and pull his boxers down, his dick immediately fully erect. I kiss the skin around the base, slowly, teasingly. With each peck he gives off a shudder, fisting the bedsheets beside him. I slowly bring my tongue up the shaft, to the tip that already drips of pre-cum. I lap the salty liquid up, teasing the tip a bit more. Then slowly, I push him into my mouth, still working my tongue around his tip. With the second bob of my head, I feel a hand reach up and hold me down. Warm ropes of cum shoot into the back of my mouth, taking me by shock. I try my best to take it all without any hesitation, but I find myself wanting this to be over as soon as possible. I do not particularly enjoy the taste. And Hux’s facial expressions remind me that this man I just gave a blowjob is not Kylo Ren. When I sense that he is finished, I roll off of him, anticipating him to return the favor. He doesn’t. He slowly stands off of the bed and begins getting dressed. I stare at him blankly, still sprawled out naked with the taste of his cum lingering in my mouth. “Where are you going?” He chuckles deeply, “Did you not forget how your Master requested to bitch about my troops to me?” I watch him carefully. “I think you can spare five minutes.” He shakes his head, making his way towards me. He tips my chin up towards him. “Perhaps later. You wore me out.” “Yeah, I’m sure those thirty seconds were terribly tiring.” I sneer. He either doesn’t hear me or pretends to ignore me. Either way, I couldn’t care less. He just walks out, exiting his quarters. I yell after him, pulling a blanket from his bed around me, “I have no clue how to get back to my quarters!” Hux presses a button onto his door, obviously annoyed. “Just stay here and I’ll get you when I come back. Help yourself to any of my beverages.” Great. Now I’m stuck in the last place that I want to be; General Hux’s quarters. I don’t dwell on the fact that I just had my first kiss and first blow job with such an ass, but I don’t blow it over like nothing either. What was I even thinking? If I would’ve known that he wouldn’t have done anything to me whatsoever and bounced the second he orgasmed, I wouldn’t have done anything to begin with. I scowl to myself, walking into his kitchen to find something to get the taste of his dick out of my mouth. His kitchen is almost identical to Kylo’s. Only Hux has dishes unwashed in the sink and chairs not pushed in. For someone who seems so military, his quarters say otherwise. I open the small, silver ice box and find a few bottles of beers and wine. My eyes draw towards a particular bottle that’s clear, wider than the others. I grab it, examining the small label that only reads, “Naboo Rouge.” The liquid is a dark red, almost reminiscing blood. I shake the thoughts of Mathar’s blood pooling the floor of his office and pull the cork off, using a fair amount of the force to help me. I look down at the liquid, swishing a bit, watching it move against the sides of the bottle. The smell is very grape-like, yet still sharp and sour. “Bottoms up.” I mumble, bringing the bottle to my lips. I down a gulp, allowing it to sit in my mouth before completely swallowing. The wine is peculiar. It has a wood aftertaste. I don’t mind it, but it takes a few sips to get used to. Nevertheless, I enjoy it. It makes me feel sophisticated. I’ve never gotten drunk before. I don’t know, do people get drunk on wine? At Mathar’s we had very hard liquor. No light drinks. I’m sure I won’t get drunk or anything. Plus, even if I do get a little tipsy, the Force can probably help me out or something. I take another swig. .................................................................................................................................................................................. Damn. As I lay in General Hux’s bed, I lift up my arms. They feel so heavy, God, when did I gain so much weight? Or is it just the wine? Or what if the wine is helping me become aware of how much weight I actually carry. Oh, God. My head is sinking into the pillow. My head is the heaviest body part of all. How does my neck usually support it? Like, damn. A brain and skull must be so much stress on the tiny bones in my neck. Poor neck bones. Damn. I haven’t reached the fun part of drinking yet, so I drank the whole bottle. Which was silly of me because it just brought me to a brand new hell-version of being drunk. I look to my hand and bring it up to my face. My fingers look like snakes, just waving and slithering. My hand falls onto my face and I let out a groan. How long will I be in this void? My head feels like shit, my stomach feels on fire, and everything is spinning. Suddenly a door opens. I can hear voices talk. One voice like a robot; Kylo! I roll off of the bed, stumbling into the other room. Don’t worry; I remembered to put all my clothes back on. ;) I see General Hux standing in the doorway, obviously not letting Kylo step inside. “Can someone take me back to my place?” I slur, using the couch to my left (or maybe right) to hold me up. Kylo is completely silent. Hux holds back a face palm. Kylo is just looking at me, not saying anything like always! But I can’t even see if he’s mad because of his stupid mask. “Hurry!!!” I demand, trying not to fall over. “Why is she here?” Kylo says sternly to Hux. Hux replies, “She was here for her fitting. But she’s a grown woman, Commander, she can go or stay wherever she pleases.” I roll my eyes, stumbling towards Kylo. “Yea, whatever, I would’ve been outta here if you took me back to my room after we-” I stop myself. Best not to say that. Kylo crosses his arms. “After you what?” Jesusssss, he’s acting like he’s my mom. Damn. I giggle, “Hung out. It’s whatever, Master.” Kylo stomps towards me, super mad-like and grabs my arm, hauling me out of the room. Damn, we’re going so fucking fast! Like: ZOOOOM! I giggle trying to keep up with him. I announce, “Kylo Ren: Fastest Walker in the Galaxy!” Kylo Ren huffs. It’s such a silly noise when he has his mask on. “Would you learn some self-control?” I roll my eyes, stumbling into his side. “Self-control? More like self-confidence in my intelligent thoughts and speaking them loudly.” I don’t think I said the word intelligent right, but he gets the idea. ZOOOOM! Kylo Ren takes me into an elevator. The lights go up up up up up, showing me that the elevator’s going up! Nice! I wanna give a high-five to Kylo, but he’s giving me bad vibes. I slur as we step out of the elevator, “Just because I’m tipsy don’t mean I can’t sense how pissed off you are.” He drags me out of the elevator into my room without answering me, angrily pressing the buttons to my quarters. I gently touch the buttons to my room as he pulls me in, saying a silent sorry for my friend’s behavior. As soon as the door closes I fall onto my couch, relieved I don’t have to move my legs. I hear a loud THUMP and just as I’m about to bitch about the THUMP I see Kylo with his mask off, yelling, “WHAT THE HELL WERE YOU THINKING?” I try so fucking hard not to laugh. “Hux locked me in his room so he could go talk to you and he told me I could drink whatever. So I drank whatever. I didn’t mean to get drunk.” Kylo seems so madddd! Damn. “Did he fuck you before or after you were drunk?” I squint my eyes at him. “Why does that matter?” “It’s going to determine how unkind I am when I kill him.” I gasp. “JUST BECAUSE HIS DICK GAME IS WEAK DOESN’T MEAN YOU HAVE TO KILL HIM, IT’S OKAY!” Kylo runs his hands through his super-duper-uper soft hair. “His what?” I look at the spinny ground. “His dick game. If you’re mad at me for trying to be a young adult and explore my sexuality or whatever, don’t be because I think I was humiliated enough.” Kylo Ren, Master Lord of Darkness, presses his fingers to the bridge of his nose. I giggle at the movement; he does it a lot. He mumbles, “May I ask what happened?” Such a nice, soft voice. Damn. I explain, “Well, you see, so he was coming onto me and I was in a bad mood and sexually frustrated and was like ‘ok whatever’ and I had to think of something completely different when we were doing stuff and he came in like 9 seconds flat like damn it just wasn’t fun at all for me.” Kylo glances toward me, so stressed. Such a smol precious warrior, so stressed. “Please don’t make a habit of this.” “Whyyyyyyyyyy?” I lean towards him. “Are you jealous?” He chuckles deeply, eyeing me. “I can assure you that I am not jealous of Hux’s poor performance in bed.” I laugh back, “No, silly, are you jealous that Hux got to kiss me and you didn’t?” He freezes. “Why would you think such a grotesque thought?” I giggle, falling forward, using my arms to stop me from falling into him. “You projected nice thoughts about me. We could fucking rule the galaxy together! Wouldn’t that be cute!” Damn. That’d be pretty cute. Kylo Ren, Dark Lord of Force Stuff, begins with, “You must realize our situation is not-” I interrupt, “But like honestly! Dark Side is all about passion and shit! We could have some bomb-ass sex! It’s not even really about the sex for me, like kisses are fine! I’m not saying I’d kiss you, I’m just saying if you tried to kiss me I think I’d be game and-” My stomach flips. Fuck. I run/fall to the trash bin in the corner of the room, puking my guts out. Damn. This feels so gross. My puke is so gross and ew. I wonder if this is because of the wine or because I sucked Hux’s dick. Hm. Before I can ponder it more, I hurl again. I feel Kylo’s nice hand pull my hair behind my head, placing his other hand on my back. He rubs it gently as I puke. What a nice guy. Like he’s Kylo Ren, yeah, but his hands are just… Damn. Kylo orders, “Stay here.” I don’t know where else I could go. I hear the sink running and I try to hold my breath, not smelling my own vomit. Kylo returns to kneel down next to me, handing me a glass of water. He grabs the bin and asks, “Do you think you need this or should I dump it now?” I give him a weak thumbs up. “Dump it.” I gulp down the water like a champ, getting the vomit taste out of my mouth. The next morning, when I see a sleeping Kylo Ren on my couch, I realized he stayed all night, dumping and cleaning out that trash bin time and time again. The puking is all I can remember of the night. I hope I didn't say anything too embarrassing. Notes: damn! some crazy shit is starting to go down ;) thank u everyone for reading!!!!!!! <3 bless ! really excited to show you guys what happens next! the story takes a really fun turn! initiating kylo getting a bestie and the bestie is YOU! so many fun space adventures together coming up! Chapter 9 : The Pushua Negotiations Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) “Please, for the love of stars, do not do anything that will draw any unnecessary attention to yourself.” I pout, responding to Kylo’s concern, “When have I ever done anything even remotely obnoxious?” Kylo is probably having a montage of events running through his head right now. He crosses over to his kitchen table, studying the substance in the dropper carefully. It looks completely clear, but one drop is lethal. The fact that such a small amount of this stuff is deadly is a little overwhelming. But I can do this. I exhale through my nose and inhale through my mouth, calming myself down. The subject is Chancellor Hementh, leader of the Pushua System. Hux’s plan is to try to negotiation terms with him, but the Knights of Ren see it in our interest to take him out. I wasn’t given many details as to why. Just that he plays too many dirty politics. The Pushua System falls into Senator Catos’ hands if Chancellor Hementh is to die. And the First Order has many ties with Catos. If we are to kill Chancellor Hementh, we don’t have to waste resources or make any deals trying to convince him to let us rule his system under him. I ask Kylo, “Why don’t you go to these events? You could come with me if you are so worried.” Kylo puts his hands on the counter, leaning forward. He says, “You really think that I should attempt to participate in a negotiation meeting.” I shrug. “Maybe it’d help you manage your anger better.” I point over at him before he can respond. “And if you get angry at me for saying that, it only proves my point.” There’s a beeping noise coming from the door. Kylo exits the room, mumbling a, “Stay here.” When he enters he’s holding a large black garment bag, tossing it at me. I catch it, but it’s surprisingly heavier than I imagined. He waves me off, “Go get ready in the bathroom.” I obey, walking back into his living area then across the room to his bathroom. It’s all shiny black, no smudges on the sink, tile or walls. It smells so fresh and clean, like Kylo usually does, but multiplied. I make sure the door is shut all the way behind me and begin to strip down, out of my robes. Unzipping the garment bag carefully, I brace myself for whatever ridiculous thing I have to wear. The sight of the dress leaves me pleasantly surprised. It’s all black, the First Order way. The dress is long-sleeved, thigh-length and has a low-cut neckline. The dress is covered in leather plates, giving off a geometric element. It could almost look like armor. It also comes with some black tights that connect to some black high heels. Getting it on is a struggle. I find myself sprawled across the floor of the bathroom, shimmying and slithering the fabric above the curves of my legs. Finally, I can pull it over my hips and to my waist. I exhale, exhausted and pull the dress over my head, adjusting it to where it’s supposed to lay against me. Also, in the garment bag, they’ve included makeup. I’m quite proficient at it, because we wore a lot of makeup at Mathar’s. I give myself dark eyeliner, one sharp wing on my top lid and another going across my bottom, parallel to the one on the top, but not quite touching. It reminds me of the geometric shapes on my dress. I add a purple, dark lipstick to my lips and ruffle out my hair. I check myself in the mirror one last time. I look pretty badass, I must say. I give my hair one more scrunch and exit the bathroom. I enter the kitchen to find Kylo examining the poison in his hands. I join him, sitting down beside him and he glances over at me. I wait for him to say something, but he doesn’t. So I do. I ask, “Ok, so where should I keep the toxin?” He answers, hesitating, “Um, Chancellor Hementh.” I tilt my head. “That’s the target.” “Correct.” “I asked you where I should keep the toxin.” Kylo coughs, I’m assuming. It didn’t sound like it because of the mask. And even though he’s still wearing the mask, he covers his mouth with his arm. “My apologizes, um,” His fingers intertwine with each other, nervously pulling at the leather of the gloves. “What was the question again?” I groan, “Master, where do I keep the poison? Like just in my sleeve or in my shoe?” He stands from his seat, crossing his arms, “Your sleeve would be best.” “Fine.” I give him an odd look, it’s not like him to be so distracted. I would pry to see what’s on his mind, but in the past few days I’ve learned to respect his privacy a bit more. He loves his privacy. I grab the poison from his hand, peeling it from his fingers. “Well, can we go?” He remains still, his arms crossed, examining me. I raise my eyebrow. “What?” He starts, “Please don’t mess up. You’re representing the Knights of Ren and we cannot afford to look embarrassing.” I smooth out my dress. “I don’t think the Knights of Ren looked any better.” He focuses hard on walking with as much poise as usual. “Where do I take you? Do you have a, um, date to the event?” Seeing him stutter while looking so intimidating in his mask and uniform is one of the best things I’ve ever seen. I nod, walking out of his apartment by his side. “General Hux said to meet him in his quarters.” Kylo mummers something under his breath but I can’t quite comprehend it. It’s been twelve days since I sucked the dick of General Hux. I don’t know how to really act around him. Normal is protocol, I suppose. But when he opens the door I can’t help but feel the embarrassment of seeing his face again. He smiles at me, beaming, “Ah, (Y/N)! May I say you look extravagant? The apparel chosen for you is a lovely fit.” I force a smile, beginning to respond but Kylo chimes in. He says in a flat tone, “Please do not make me regret leaving her in the disgusting likes of you. And keep her away from any of your filthy troops and alcohol.” That’s fair. General Hux tilts his chin up, stepping outside to take me by the arm. “Commander, do you not find your overprotective nature of your apprentice to be quite overbearing?” Kylo clenches a fist, leaning in, “General, do you not find your attempts at seducing my apprentice to be pathetic?” “Commander, do you not find your-” I interrupt the ironically grown men. “You don’t have to speak about me in third person, I’m standing right here.” I tug Hux along. “Let’s go.” Kylo watches as I pull Hux down the hall. I yell back, assuring him, “I will not disappoint you, Master!” Kylo reaches out, yelling before I enter the elevator with Hux. “Use the Comm Systems if you need me, you know my communication code!” Hux stares down at me in the elevator in partial shock. “I have never seen Ren so...” He searches his mind for the word. “Invested.” I shrug. “Training me is part of his own training with Snoke. General Hux chuckles, watching the light on the elevator go up. “That doesn’t explain why he allows you to speak to him in such a friendly tone.” I frown. “Maybe he does because I actually respect him as a person instead of only fearing his authority. He's fine when you get to know him.” “Why would you want to get to know such an unstable man?” I want to gag. Hux annoys me so much, I can see why Kylo hates him. Why does he constantly have to disregard Kylo as a person? I get that Kylo can be very very frustrating at some times, but he’s not annoying enough to constantly vent about. I just hold my tongue, refraining from insulting the General. I would hate to make the night awkward before even arriving to the event. General Hux reaches out, still laughing at my remark like I’m a foolish child. He places a hand on my waist and whispers in my ear. “After these Pushua negotiations we could negotiate our own, personal things, in my quarters.” I want to tell him that I don’t have the three minutes to spare, but once again, I refrain. I just smack my lips together and respond a doubtful, “We shall see.” The elevator opens to the floor the event is on. It looks like a very regal party. People in expensive attire, holding drinks and making small talk. Quiet, calming music plays over the scenery. I do not think I am qualified to talk to these people. Anxiety rushes over me, but I tap into the Force to slightly calm it. Hux escorts me to the main table to a blue Twi’lek man, delighting himself with food. He has two slaves on his side, rubbing his arms, whispering words in his ear. I feel my anger begin to charge into my bones, sensing the annoyance from the slaves. They don’t want to be here, especially with him. Hux introduces, “Senator Catos, this is the newest member of the Knights of Ren.” The man looks up from his food, eyeing me up and down. “Lady of Ren, eh? How much does she run an hour?” My eyes go wide and my friendly, fake smile freezes. Hux gives me a side-hug, laughing, “This one’s priceless.” I have never internally screamed so hard in my life. I excuse myself, my voice in a high pitch, “Well I think I’m going to go get a drink.” I will not make a scene. I will not kill anyone. I will not curse at anyone. I will find this Chancellor guy, poison him, and then leave. I walk towards the man behind the bar stand, whipping down the tables. He perks up at my arrival. I request, “Can I have the lightest thing you got?” He furrows his brow, “Water?” “Sure.” He slides me the glass and I take a swig, savoring the coldness of the frosty cup. I already hate these events, all of them. This dress looks good and all, but now it’s just uncomfortable. I’d rather be in my robes and training, furthering my skill. This is a mere waste of my time. “Finally, someone as thrilled to be here as I am.” A voice joins me at the bar stool at my side. I glance over and see an older man with dark skin. He is dressed nicely, but simpler than everyone else. He wear a clean-cut dark blue suit with a high collar. He seems to be in his forties, maybe fifties. I respond, “This is my first thing-” I correct myself, “Negotiation. This is my first negotiation meeting. I’m not quite sure how to carry myself.” He signals the bartender with a, “Scotch, please.” After receiving his drink he continues his conversation with me. “May I ask what your role is in The First Order?” I am glad he didn’t assume I was some sex slave. I answer, unsure of how he will respond, “I am training under Kylo Ren, to become his apprentice.” The man’s eyebrows go up and he tilts his drink out. “Very impressive.” I clink my drink to his and then take a large gulp. “I’m drinking water by the way. Just in case you thought I was trying to be a hardass. I’m not.” He laughs at the comment. I don’t mind his company. It’s a lot better than Hux and a creepy Senator. The man rambles, “Do not worry about being stuck at events such as this one, in your case. I’m sure that being with the Knights of Ren will be exciting for the most part. Full of adventure. Politics is not the field you should go into if you are looking for adventure. Sadly, I learned that the hard way.” I question, “Then why don’t you quit? Try something new.” He shakes his head, humored by the idea, “Family ties, I’m afraid. I’ve worked for this position, my family worked for me to be in this position, and my grandparents before me. I was born to be stuck here. Much like your Master, bloodline has determined my destiny.” I tilt my head. “I know of his grandfather, Darth Vader, but that is where my knowledge ends. He is not one to mention his past.” “That’s a shame. The details of a past like his would be very intriguing to learn.” He stands from his seat, scanning the room. His eyes fall on Catos, talking obnoxiously and simultaneously shoving food in his mouth. “Brother, Senator Catos is making a terrible fool of himself. I’ll return shortly.” I stop him. “I didn’t get your name. Mine is (Y/N), by the way.” He gives a friendly smile. I sense how comforting he is to be around. I peer into his mind. He’s kind. I see how much he cares for his family. I see his daughter at home, a loving wife. “Chancellor Hementh.” With that he walks off. I stare at his drink, just a few inches from mine. This is all too easy, technically. But as I look back at the friendly man, I hesitate. If I kill him, Senator Catos will be ruling. That asshole. Plus, Chancellor Hementh seems wise. I feel like he is rightfully in charge of the Pushua System. I feel a migraine begin to form in my brain. A soft, comforting voice is there, reaching out to me, “Ignore the lies of the light. Do not be deceived by this man. You were already deceived time and time again by Mathar. You are now strong enough to resist it.” I search my mind for the voice, but it is now gone. Who was that? Perhaps it was Kylo. But it didn’t sound like Kylo. The voice was that of a woman. The voice explains, “Hurry, complete your mission. I am here with you in the Force. Death cannot destroy what you training in the dark side preserves.” I gasp. “Mother…” I whisper, begging the voice to return. I grab the dropper out of my sleeve and allow a drop of poison to fall into the glass before I can change my mind. It’s done. Hementh drank his drink without any second thought. I excuse myself to the other room as soon as people stop talking to me, asking me what I do. So many people are shocked when I tell them, saying that they couldn’t imagine dealing with a Master like Kylo Ren. Each mention of his name reminds me I need to tell him that the job is done and ask if I can get the hell out of here. I approach the bathrooms, quickly shutting the door behind me before anyone else starts a conversation. I dial Kylo’s communication number into the key pad and wait for him to answer. He does immediately, his un-modulated voice coming through the speaker, “Are you okay? Do you need help?” I reply, slightly taken aback by his anxiety. “What? No, I completed the mission. Can I leave now?” Kylo sighs in relief. “Yes, just don't cause a scene this far in..” I roll my eyes, “Have some faith, Master.” I ask to direct the subject back to our mission, “How long does the poison take to kill him?” “Twenty four hours. He’ll be on his way back to his planet by then, if not in his own house. It’ll look like he suffered from a cardiac arrest.” “Can you get a trooper to escort me out of here? I’m not sure I know how to get back.” “I’ll get you. Just meet me outside the elevator on the fourth floor.” “Alright, see ya.” The line is disconnected and I sigh in relief. I can get out of here. I open the door and begin sliding through the crowds of politicians to General Hux. He’s talking to three men, a stern look on his face. I pick up the very end of his conversation, “…Resistance is weak and will never know what is coming for them once we finally do attack. What a glorious day that will be.” He smiles at the sight of me, “Ah, men, this is (Y/N). She is the newest member of the Knights of Ren.” The men nod with “ahs” and mummers to themselves. I force a smile and say to Hux, “May I ask for a moment of your time, General?” Hux nods, intrigued, “Of course.” Once we’re far enough from other people I explain, “I am feeling ill. I think I am going to go back to my quarters. I haven’t been this social ever and I need to regenerate.” Hux laughs, “You’re a girl not a droid. The meeting hasn’t even started yet.” I remain stern, “Well I am going to leave because I do not want to make a fool of myself by getting sick in front of these people.” He leans forward with a smirk, saying quietly, “May I remind you of my offer to take you back to my place?” I laugh out loud, astounded by the fact he thinks that would change my mind. “Oh, I do not need to be reminded.” He stands back, insulted, but still pleading, “I could get my hands on more of that wine you loved so much last time.” Becoming pissed off, I raise my voice. “No.” He has had enough. His face is red, a vein protruding out of his neck. He doesn’t yell, but his voice is harsh. “You weren’t such a bitch to me in bed, weeks ago.” Is that really the worst he can think of to say to me? I snap, “Yeah, Hux, well that’s because I was imagining Kylo Ren fucking me instead of you.” With that I turn on my heel and enter the elevator. His face is priceless, completely astounded. I try so desperately hard to not flip him off. My fist clench at my sides. Just as I am about to leave I hear a voice say, “Alright, everyone please find a seat.” I punch the exit code into the door and the voice continues, “M’lady of Ren, do you think you could represent the Knights of Ren today?” I turn around, staring at the faces of everyone looking at me. I say as politely as I can to Chancellor Hementh, “I do not think I am in that position yet.” The Twi’lek man, General Catos scoff, whispering something to the man on his right. He is too strong for me to read his mind without concentration. But I know that he's thinking something harsh about me. Doubting me. Before I can stop myself, I add on, “But I will try.” “Delightful!” He smiles and nods at the empty chair. I take my seat, giving a glare to the Catos. And it's the worst decision I ever made from the start. I can follow the conversation, but it's so excruciatingly boring. It's all talk of territory and trading natural foods from other planets. Chancellor Hementh explains, “Our main priority is the protection and comfort given to our people and with the Resistance failing, we feel as if they cannot provide us with what they used to any longer.” Hux responds, “The First Order is growing in resources every day. We have many options on providing security and goods.” Hementh nods, “However, the Resistance is a trustworthy organization. We are pleased with their feedback. If we do make a deal today, I wish for the contract to be very strict, holding The First Order to the highest of values.” Hux responds, “I can assure you that The First Order is morally discipline and fighting for your best interest. I try not to make my yawn too apparent. I perk up to the sound of an elevator opening, Kylo Ren standing in the doorway with his full uniform, mask and all. His lightsaber is in his hand, finger over the button to ignite it. He stares at me. Shit. Immediately everyone stands to their feet, bowing their heads in respect. Everyone except for me. Chancellor Hementh is the first one to speak, “Lord Ren, we are all very pleased by your appearance. Please take a seat.” Kylo talks after a moment of thinking, speaking menacingly, “I only came to get my apprentice, who wished to leave.” He glares at General Hux. “Do not deny her of any requests.” Hux nods, tension in his demeanor growing. General Catos is the next to speak, a surprising confidence in his tone. One that people usually do not have around Kylo. “Miss (Y/N), may I ask what your initiation process for The Knights of Ren was?” He leans forward. “Out of curiosity.” I furrow my brows, skeptical of the question, “I am not sure I understand the relevance.” Catos continues, “Well, you are far different than the other Knights. Younger, more…” He looks me up and down. “Appealing.” His head turns towards Kylo, “Tell me, what is your true reason for having her as your apprentice.” Suddenly, my arm is outstretched and the General is clutching his own throat. Gagging noises escape his mouth, his eyes water with a desperate plea. I let my hate, my anger fuel my thoughts. I feel the chaotic energy of the force surrounding me. Slowly, I focus it tighter around Catos’ neck, closing off his breathing airway. “Y/N.” Kylo says strictly, his voice causing me to loose focus. Catos is heaving, upper body on the table. Gasping to regain breath as he drools from the mouth. Pathetic. I sneer at him, “Is that a good enough reason, General? Or will I have to elaborate?” He doesn’t answer because he can’t. And it’s somewhat satisfying. I expect Kylo Ren to yell at me for how obnoxious I was. His one order was for me to not draw attention to myself. And that’s exactly what I did. I cannot sense that he’s mad at me. And if he were, I don’t see why he’d repress it. I really would prefer going home, getting out of this dress and just reading one of the many books Kylo brought for me, but instead I find myself headed to Kylo’s quarters. He walks inside and takes his mask off, tossing it to the couch. I flinch at the thumping noise it makes. As he walks to his desk he removes his cowl, tossing that aside as well. He sits at the chair, his voice rumbling throughout the space between us. “I would like to show you something I’ve been working on for you.” He opens the drawer of the desk and pulls out a large piece of paper. There’s a drawing of a mask and uniform. But drawing isn’t even quite the word for it. It looks almost computer generated, each line perfectly straight and the whole thing one-hundred percent symmetrical. I find it hard to see Kylo being patient enough to draw this, so precisely. But at the same time, he seems to be one to push himself to perfection. I find myself more amazed by his skill than the actual mask and uniform. I drag my fingers over the pencil marks, astounded. The mask is slick, with barely any ridges or colors straying from oil black. There’s only a small slit for the eyes and a small rectangular voice modulated. The rest is plain, but still striking. It’s sleek and clean. As for the gear, there’s shoulder armor that flows out into a cape touching the ground. Robes are carefully layered across the chest over more armor. The legs are tightly wound in fabric under long boots. I begin, trying to find the words to applaud him, “Is it even possible for a human to draw with such little error?” Kylo bites the inside of his cheek. “This is merely a rough draft for me to send to get it created by professionals. I do not find your sarcasm amusing.” I smile lightly, still finding my eyes glued to the drawing, “I wasn’t being sarcastic, Master. this is truly amazing.” Kylo puts his fingers on the bridge of his nose, pinching. “I do not need your flattery. Will this uniform do or not?” I try to imagine myself in it. “The mask, will it be hard to see out of?” “You’ll grow used to it. It helps you rely on the force more than your sight.” I tilt my head. “Does it change my voice? What will I sound like?” He begins, “I am requesting a special modulator that hides your gender.” I study the mask carefully. “I do not wish to intimidate people based off of my voice or appearance. I want to only rely on my skill.” Kylo freezes, his hands gripping the sides of his chair. “As you believe I do?” I begin, “Well, I guess-” He stands to his feet. I forgotten how tall he is, towering over me. He leans forward as I back up, my legs bumping into his desk. I feel his anger radiating off of him. All his hatred. I not only feel it, but I see it in his eyes. His voice is quiet, but in a way that is even more terrifying than him yelling. As he speaks his hot breath meets the skin of my face. “I do not need my mask to intimidate.” I want to cower away, sensing I hit a personal chord with him. But I do not. I challenge him, “Then why hide behind it in front of your men?” The Force tenses, Kylo holding back anger. “We all had pasts before we came here.” He points up to his face, “I am no longer the person I was, the person who has shared this face.” His finger points to me. “You are no longer the pathetic, coward slave my Knights stumbled upon.” I grind my teeth, hurt by the comment. I am still the same person. I’ve changed, but I do not feel any hatred towards myself, looking back on it. “The mask may cover your past, but it cannot erase it. If you need a mask to convince yourself of change, was there even much change at all?” All the tension and anger-filled energy is suddenly multiplied. Stepping back pacing back and forth, he holds it in. He yells, “Everyone on this ship sees you as a joke! I am trying to get you to overcome it! No one will respect you, let alone see you as an equal, if you look like you do!” I scoff. “If I look like I do, what the hell is that supposed to mean?” He spits out the word, “Desirable!” I find myself unable to respond. His chest is heaving up and down, still recovering from whatever anger I drew out of him. He recovers from his comment, “Hux's men are disgusting, they rarely see an attractive female. I do not want them to look at you like some piece of meat. It would be best for everyone if you no longer showed your physical qualities. We can have a lot more of a professional dynamic and get more done.” “We?” I question. “What do you have to do with it? You’ve seen how strong I am, you know I am not just some slave girl here because of my appeal or whatever…” He looks up at me, his face exhausted. “Of course I know you’re not just here because of your appeal.” He sighs, running a hand through his hair. “You cannot possibly think that I do not feel your power, that I’m not constantly reaching out to the force to understand your skill.” I search his expression for answers. “Then why do you think that wearing a mask, having a voice-modulator, will help us have a more professional, productive dynamic? I can see why it will help me and the troops, but why you?” "You are my apprentice. I cannot find anything, not your looks or voice, desirable. I am only to see your skill when I look at you. I should not be distracted by other, pointless things." He crosses the room and settles himself down on the couch. “What all do you remember telling me when you were intoxicated, (Y/N)?” I freeze, taken off-guard. “Nothing. Did I say something?” Kylo shakes his head lightly. “I was only curious.” I muster the courage to say, before he commands me to leave, “So you, personally, find things other than my skill desirable?” He remains quiet. I continue, cautiously, "You seem to be very concerned about keeping our relationship strictly master and apprentice. Are you afraid of breaking those boundaries with me?" He nods, slowly. I swallow. "I feel it too." His voice is quiet, pleading. “Leave.” I do. Notes: WOW I AM THE WORST (TM) i was at band camp all week and tried so hard to write at night, but I couldn't do it, I was so exhausted. I'm so sorry for the late update, but nonetheless I hope you enjoyed it. fuck me up for a kylo that puts reader in a mask and shit just so that he doesn't feel constantly attracted to her lmao Chapter 10 : The Planet of Ilum Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) I can only imagine how brisk the air would feel on my skin. Instead I have to feel this sweaty, uncomfortable mask pressed against my face. I sigh, the modulator picking it up as just a mess of crackling noise. We’re on the planet of Ilum. It’s an arctic planet, in the Ilum system. Kylo brought me here so that we can find a crystal for my lightsaber. But I don’t really know how I am supposed to find such a sacred thing when I almost trip every other step because of this stupid, god-forsaken mask. Kylo notices me stumble over a heap of snow. I snap, “I really appreciate the aesthetic of it and all, but this mask is pissing me off.” My voice doesn’t sound like my voice at all. It’s much lower, more robotic. Hearing this voice speak my words throws me off. Kylo scorns, follow my lead, “Language.” I turn around, looking back at his ship. I don’t think I will be able to get through with this mask. I honestly don’t. I reach up, pressing the buttons that release it from my face. Kylo just stands there, arms crossed. The cold air reaches my face like a thousand needles, pricking at my skin violently. I curse under my breath, shivering. Kylo says, passing me, to examine the horizon, “I suggest you keep your mask on if you do not want to die of hypothermia.” I oblige, suddenly a lot more content with the mask’s sweaty and heavy nature. Readjusting to the limited vision the mask gives me, I catch up to Kylo. “So how do I find this lightsaber crystal thing?” “With the Force,” He stops in the middle of the terrain. Nothing is around us except for snow, gently pillowing in the wind. “Where is it telling you to go?” I stare at him. “Home. There’s nothing on this planet.” “But there are many things inside of it.” I sigh, not quite picking up on what he’s talking about. I obey, nonetheless. My senses reach out to the Force, begging for any kind of direction. The Force’s energy here is just like the planet, frozen. I feel like I have to work my mind through sheets of ice to get any sort of answer. But eventually I feel warmth coming from the northeast. “This way,” I tell Kylo, following the feeling. I trudge through the snow, lifting up my knees high in the air in order to walk. I glace back at Kylo who is simply using the Force to push the snow out of his way. I smile to myself, the expression hidden by my mask. Kylo Ren admitted to me that he finds me desirable. I don’t quite know what to make of it. I suppose the fact that he put me in a mask to conceal my face and voice shows that he doesn’t enjoy finding me desirable. He doesn’t want to like me. Perhaps he’s like Hux and his men, starved of affection and needy for the touch of any female. But I feel like if that were the case for Kylo, he’d get what he’d want. Sexual relations aren’t looked down by dark side users, as I’ve read in his books. In fact, anything that ignites passion is applauded. If Kylo wanted, he could have the galaxy’s finest of women at his disposal. But I just can’t see him doing that. I can’t see him being in such a vulnerable position like that. Perhaps I am only being naïve. Maybe he has a kink for master/apprentice stuff? He thinks it’s embarrassing, that’s why he wants to hide it. I almost trip. Do I have a kink for master/apprentice stuff? Is that why I find him attractive? Kylo rushes to my side, steadying me. His hand grips my ribs on my right and hip on my left. “You must learn how to be less clumsy.” He lets go slowly to push a trail of snow out of the way for me. I sigh. I think I’m the one like Hux and his men. I haven’t been touched by anyone, haven’t felt anything with anyone, and I’m reaching for it now that I’m free. And Kylo’s really my only friend. Who happens to be attractive, smart and my master. That must be it. That must be all there is. I look down at the ground, barren with brown dead grass. There’s a metal hatch. When I look at it the force begs me to go deeper. Kylo cuts in front of me so that he can kneel down, lifting it up. White, cold air escapes as he opens the door, clouding the space around us. Anxiety begins to fill my stomach. I look down into the hatch at complete darkness. I wait for Kylo to begin descending down the latter, into the icy planet, but he doesn’t. I frown. “Are you coming with me?” He stands to his feet, dusting the snow off of his legs. “This is where I must leave your side. Finding your crystal is something between you and the Force. I do not want to interfere.” I look down into the seemingly bottomless pit. “I don’t really mind if you interfere, I’m sure the Force will understand-” “(Y/N),” He interrupts. “If you run into any problems, I will be able to sense it. I will not ever let any danger come towards you.” I look back down at the hatch, studying the metal bars of the wires. I wonder how secure they are. Kylo begins again, taking a step forward. “You need to trust me.” I nod, looking up at his masked face. It is in that moment that I decide that I do trust him. I walk to the hatch, placing one foot on a metal bar of the ladder. Slowly, I lower myself down, grabbing the bar with my hands. I feel my fingers shaking against the bar. I have no clue how far down this hole is, I don’t know what’s at the bottom, what if there’s people, what if- Kylo’s gloved hand rests on my shoulder. I bring my head upwards to look at him. I can’t see his face, but I feel the comfort he’s exerting. He says, “I wouldn’t have brought you here if I thought that it was too dangerous.” I can hear his small smile in his voice. “If you die, who else am I going to yell at for their constant cursing and sarcasm?” He’s right. I smile. Filled with a new found confidence, I descend lower and lower into the hole. Slowly, the light from the hatch is dimmed, until it is only a faint blur above my vision. My feet are startled when they touch the ground. I feel as though I’ve been climbing forever. I turn around to examine the cavern. It’s beautiful. I reach up to the buttons of my mask so that I can heave it off, examining the caves with my own eyes. Crystals of many kinds, mostly blues, greens and purples, scatter the floor, walls and ceilings. The cool air hits my face with a sense of refreshment. It’s not too cold. The air feels so clean to breath. My eyes flutter at the brisk air. Part of me wishes Kylo were down here to see this, to acknowledge the beauty. In the walls, I can feel the history with the Jedi and Sith. There’s probably so many events Kylo has heard and read about that went on in these caverns. I bring a gloved hand to the walls, trailing it along the stone to the crystals. After taking the sight all in, I reach out in the Force. My lightsaber crystal has to be near somewhere. I can feel it. I walk deeper into the cavern, taking in the sound of water dropping from the stalactites. The colors of the crystals around me are vibrate, all calling out to me with different destinies. I feel like the choice of crystal will determine the fate of my training, almost. I hear a scattering noise of footsteps. My blaster is in my hand, pointing towards the origin of sound. My heart begins to race. “Who is there?” No answer. I plead, fear covering my senses. “I do not mean any harm. Coming here was only to complete my training in the Force.” Suddenly, a Sharu woman peeks behind a wall of stone. Her skin is grey, eyes cloudy. I reach out to the Force to try to get a judgment of her. She seems gentle. Not a threat. I slowly lower my blaster, but keep it at my side for precaution. “You are training in the Force?” She questions, her voice frail. I nod slowly. “Yes, I was lead here to find my lightsaber kyber crystal.” A relief washes over her. “Has Luke returned? Is he training you?” I furrow my brow at the assumption. “No, but Luke’s family is training me. His son, I believe.” She returns the confused expression. “His son?” I nod. “Kylo Ren.” At the sound of his name she cowers back. “No…” Her gentle demeanor is now filled with fear and anxiety. “He is here, I can sense him.” I reassure, not wanting her to leave, “He will not come down. He sent me alone. Do not worry, he will not hurt you unless he feels as though you threaten our mission.” She spits, her voice filled with venom, “He does not know I’m alive to kill.” Her eyes turn cold. “On the day of the massacre, I fled. I should’ve protected the younglings, but I fled.” I tilt my head. “Massacre?” She backs away slowly, “Ben Solo…” The name on her lips is dusty, it hasn’t been spoken in a long time. It almost feels like a secret or a curse word to hear. “That is your Master’s true name.” Running, she escapes my gaze. I call out, “Wait!” She responds before disappearing into the darkness, “Do not reject the light Ben has been hiding from you!” I am left standing in the silent cave, not being able to feel her presence. Not being able to feel Kylo’s presence. Just feeling my own self, and a certain warmth drawing me into a dark corridor. I suppose there’s no other choice than to follow it. My feet travel lightly, stepping around cracks and crevasses in the stone ground to where the Force is leading me. Part of me wants to follow the Sharu, learn more about Kylo Ren’s past… Ben Solo. I freeze in realization. Han Solo, smuggler and pilot of the Millennium Falcon. He must’ve hooked up with Leia Organa, the daughter of Darth Vader, and made Ben. Ben, Kylo Ren, must be the nephew of Luke Skywalker, not son. Suddenly, I feel his presence and hear his feet reach the floor. He rushes towards me, scanning me up and down. “Are you ok? I felt you fear.” I nod. “Yeah, I’m fine, I-” His head turns to the right quickly, where the woman once was. “Someone else is here.” He whispers. “Uh, no, I haven’t seen anyone.” I look around me, trying to find a solution to stop him going after her. He walks towards the cave where she ran off to, “No, I can sense her here.” My eyes dart to a sharp rock to my right. Kylo ignites his lightsaber. Before I can think twice, I throw off my glove and plunge my palm into the rock, pulling forward. A small scream escapes my lips as the point slices throw the sensitive skin of my palm. My eyes water in pain. Kylo’s suddenly putting his lightsaber away, rushing to me. He holds my bloody, disgusting hand in his gloved palm. Pain slithers up my arm as more and more blood gushes from the wound. “What the hell did you do?” He sneers at me, hurriedly grabbing the end of his cowl to lightly pat away blood. With each slight amount of pressure the pain intensifies. “I, I don’t know I tripped over a thing and tried to catch myself and-” “WHY THE HELL ARE YOU NOT WEARING YOUR GLOVE?” He demands, his voice billowing from his mask. I wince at his yelling. “I don’t know, it was getting hot and I-” “WHY ELSE WOULD I GIVE YOU A FUCKING GLOVE IF IT WEREN’T TO PROTECT YOU FROM STUPID THINGS LIKE THIS FROM HAPPENING?” I snap back, “So you don’t get too turned on by my hands!” “What the hell is your problem? I told you that you need to be less clumsy! You just cut your hand open and you’re making ridiculous accusations about-” I laugh, “It’s not my fault you find my hands desirable!” He growls. “I do not.” I just smile, wincing when I am reminded of the searing pain. I say hopefully, through gritted teeth, “I think that I found my crystal, by the way.” He presses the cloth onto my hand harder. I whimper lightly, my head feeling heavy. Kylo apologizes softly, “I need to stop the bleeding.” I try to walk to my right, leading him to the crystal but I only fall forward, to his body. My head is met with his chest and I keep myself up by fisting a hand into the cloth of his shoulder. He slowly lowers my downward so that we’re sitting on the ground. My head is re-positioned on his shoulder as he presses down onto my wound. Slowly, he peels back the cloth, the cold air stinging the cut. I inhale sharply, digging my head deeper into the space between his shoulder and neck. The edge of his mask digs into my cheek. He orders, “Take it off.” I bring my free hand up to the button and use all the strength I can muster to toss the mask to the side. I didn’t notice how worried he was. How much seeing me in pain affected him. I burrow my head back into the spot I was originally, now instead of feeling a cool mask I feel his warm neck. He places his chin on the top of my head, remaining still for a moment. He lowly speaks, his voice without the modulator refreshing me, “Brace yourself.” He presses back onto the wound roughly. I bite down at the cloth of his shoulder, containing a scream. I didn’t realize how bad I actually cut myself until now. After a few moments, he removes himself from my side, standing to his feet. “I’ll go get your crystal. But I need you to open your mind to me so that I can sense which one it is.” I nod, allowing my mind to slowly open. I try to conceal the encounter with the woman. The realization that he’s Han Solo’s son. When he walks into the corridor, without any second thought, I am convinced I’ve successfully hide it from him. I sigh in relief as I lean back, pressing the cloth against my wound. When I uncover it, I examine it’s depth before more blood collects in the crevasse. I hope it’s not infected. Or too deep. Why the hell did I do that to protect some stranger from Kylo? I thought I trusted him, but if I really did, I should’ve trusted his judgment on that stranger. The woman who is a survivor of a massacre. A massacre caused by Kylo Ren. I examine his gentle face, holding a purple crystal in his hand. This is the man who she cowered in fear of. This is the man who I turned to when I was afraid. The thought strikes me: Am I where I’m supposed to be? The woman mentioned the Light Side of the Force, how Kylo has been hiding it from me. I’ve spent so long studying the Dark Side, shouldn’t I learn about the Light Side as well? Is Kylo Ren deceiving me just as much as Mathar was? I stand to my feet, heading to the exit of the caverns. I force myself to put on my mask despite the pain in my hand. Then, I examine the ladder. “Will you be alright?” Kylo begins, his mask returned onto his face. “If you wish, I could help you up using the Force after I am on the surface.” I nod my head, gripping the ladder through Kylo’s cowl. My hand sears in pain. I bite down hard. “I’ll be fine.” I begin my way up, trying desperately not to give into the temptation the pain gives me to give up. Back on the ship, I run searing hot water over the wound. I stare at myself, mask on, in the mirror. It’s somewhat intriguing how much the mask actually hides. Right now, my lip is quivering and tears are hot, falling down my cheeks. But all this mask shows is a blank face. Someone who I would be afraid of, if I saw. I pull my hand away from the water to grab the rubbing alcohol. I unscrew the cap, careful not to bend too much of my bad hand. Over the sink, I pour the liquid into the cut. The pain is too much to bare. I fall to the floor, biting hard on my lip. So hard it draws blood. My hand is on fire, it’s searing in pain. Kylo rushes to my side, mask off, and the ship in auto-pilot. He says, worried, “You don’t have to do this by yourself.” I just examine him. I should be able to trust him. I shouldn’t be afraid of him. I never was until I spoke to that woman. But now I feel uneasy around him, unsure. He reaches forward to the buttons on my mask. I flinch as he slides it off. I can only imagine what my face looks like. Eyes bloodshot, cheeks wet with tears, lip bloody from my teeth. I study his face, sliding away from him. He frowns. “Why are you looking at me like that?” “Like what?” I quiver. He sets my mask on the ground. “Like… you never do. You look afraid of me.” I stare forward. “A lot of people are afraid of you.” “You aren’t.” I snap, “Should I be?” He leans back. His knees go up to his chest, and he wraps his arms around his body. I’ve never seen him look so weak. Slowly, I stand to my feet and begin to wrap the gauze around my hand. When I think he isn’t going to respond, he does. “I hope not.” I look down to him. His hair looks soft, has carefully combed waves framing his face. His brown eyes look up to me for a response. I try to imagine this man killing people in cold blood. I decide to say coldly, “What is the supposed to mean?” He looks down. “I don’t want you to be afraid of me. I don’t want you to see me how other people do. I thought you didn’t, but I feel like something happened to make you think differently.” I shake my head. “Nothing happened, I’m not afraid of you.” I suppose I am not afraid of him. I just am afraid to get any closer than I have been. I don’t want to look up to him anymore. A man who commits massacres. He sighs, regaining his footing and walks out the door, returning to his bed. I frown. Was that unfair of me? I didn’t hear his side of the story, I didn’t even know the woman who spoke of him. He is my one chance at friendship and I’m pushing him away. I wipe tears from my face and join him in the bedroom. I begin, studying his stressed posture as he sits at his bed, “What are younglings?” My thoughts trace back to the woman saying she didn’t protect them from Kylo. He doesn’t even flinch. “I know you found Marea. I sensed she was there.” Marea. That must’ve been her name. “What are younglings?” I repeat. He looks away, like a shamed puppy. “Children training to become Jedi padawans.” I want to leave the ship. I want to leave Kylo. But I can’t. We’re in the middle of space. Me and this man who has killed children. I open my mouth to talk but nothing comes out. His arm twitches. “I do not deserve this kind of conversation about what happened on that night.” “I-” He exhales roughly. “Your thoughts are correct to look down on me for my actions. You do not need a second side of the story. You are right to fear me, to hate me. If you would like, I could talk to Snoke about having one of the other Knights train you.” I frown at the thought. I realize, suddenly, that I don’t fear or hate him. I sense such confliction within him. Such struggle. The Light Side and the Dark Side both torment him. I slowly walk to his side and sit down, close to him. I not only sense confliction, but I sense the constant paranoia of wanting to do what is right. Trying to find what he believes is right. A man with so much power, placed in a galaxy where he holds so much responsibility, I cannot imagine the manipulation he’s gone through. I thought that Mathar manipulated me, but Mathar manipulates everyone for selfish gain. Everyone has manipulated Kylo for political gain, to abuse his skills. So much so, he cannot see what is right and wrong. I reach out my hand, my good hand, to his. Slowly his fingers intertwine with my own. His hand is so much bigger than mine, but I am holding his hand so much more than he is holding mine. I rub the back of his hand with my thumb. His skin is warm, soft. Yet large and defined. He remains still, not responding to my touch. Only looking away from me. He’s been telling me that he’s been running away from his past, he’s a different person than who he was. Is he really? I say softly, as gently as I can, “Your name was Ben Solo.” He flinches at the sound of the name. “I shouldn’t have been given the responsibility that comes with that name.” I don’t quite understand, but I believe him. I lean my head on his shoulder and say, “I know.” He leans his head on mine. His voice grows unsteady, but still fairly collected. “Why are you being so kind to me?” I honestly am not sure. I search for the answer, but can only say, “I don’t know. I feel your fear and I want to help, to try to calm you.” “You are one of the things I am afraid of.” He says lowly. I feel my body still. “Why?’ His head turns so that his nose is pressed into my hair, lips skimming my head, “Despite all my efforts to only see you as a student, something to further my own personal training, I still see you as a girl, a person. The thought of you is consuming my mind.” “How is that a bad thing?” My stomach turns when he begins to hold my hand tighter, now studying the way my skin feels. The gesture is one uncommon for him. It’s a gesture of vulnerability. He explains, staring down at my hand, “I trained in the Light Side once before, with my Uncle Luke. The Light Side teaches compassion, harmony, peace… All things I feel when I see you.” He swallows. “The Dark Side teaches passion, emotion, chaos. Things I also feel when I see you.” His thumb runs along the vein of my hand, barely touching the skin. “You are another example of how unstable I am when it comes to the two different sides of the Force.” Guilt rushes over me. “I’m sorry, I didn’t realize I was causing you distress.” I remove my head from his shoulder, pulling my hand away. I study his reaction. He looks disappointed. Quietly, he looks down at the hand I was once holding. “Since I became Kylo Ren, I’ve never received the kindness that you have given me.” Does that make me wrong for giving him it? Crazy? Am I just blinded by how impressed I am with his powers and skill? I study his sharp profiles, the curve of his lips, the bend of his nose and the length of his eyelashes. “I think you should lay down.” I say. He does, laying behind where I’m sitting, placing his head on the pillow. His body is forced to bend, due to the lack of length from the mattress. I lower myself down to lay beside him, facing him. I sense his need to be touched, his longing to be held. People have cowered away from him for so long and he just needs human affection, he needs affirmation that he deserves to be loved. I scoot close to him, lowering my head onto his chest. I cannot see his face, but I imagine it as looks down in disbelief. My hand goes to his side, feeling his warmth through his robes. Slowly, carefully, he ropes his strong arms around me, holding my waist close to him. I’ve never felt so safe, protected in my life. My senses feel like there’s going wild. I don’t know if I should focus on his clean scent, his warmth, the smoothness of his skin, or the gradual calming of his breathes. He’s holding me so gently, so cautiously. Like he’s afraid. Apprehensive. I adjust myself so that I’m facing him. I smile lightly, pushing the hair out of his face. “You’re not going to hurt me.” I sense just how nervous he is when he nods. “I know, I just-” He looks down, his eyes scanning my body. A rough exhale escapes from his lips. “I’ve never been with anyone like this before.” It’s odd, in a sense. I would usually hold Vara, my arms entrapping her, keeping her safe. But with Kylo, he’s so much larger than me, it’s harder to do that. I comb my fingers through his hair, something I’ve often fantasized about doing. It feels even softer than I imagined. “Are you comfortable?” He nods again and turns to his side so he can hold me even closer, an embrace where my head is nuzzled into his neck. I breathe on the smooth skin, trying not to make my lips too apparent as I drag them along his throat. But when he shudders, I know he notices. His leg finds itself in-between mine, making a tangled mess of our limbs. We lay like this for a while. “You told me when you were drunk, how wonderful it’d be, if we were together.” He laughs, glancing down, “You told me we could rule the galaxy together. You insisted I was jealous of you being with Hux, and I tried so hard to convince you I wasn’t.” I laugh, entwining my fingers into his. We've been laying, enjoying eachothers company for awhile. I have asked him random questions about the Force, and he's asked me random questions about my family. It's all been light conversation, something I haven't had in awhile. My eyes beam up to him. “What else did I tell you?” He gives me a boyish grin. Amused, he explains, “You said that we would have amazing sex.” I gasp, sitting up. “I did not say that, you’re lying!” He laughs, “You said it, I promise!” I lean down closer to him, intrigued. My hand still holds his loosely. “What about you, what did you say back? Did you agree?” “I couldn’t respond because you were barfing all over my apartment.” I cover my mouth with my free hand, cheeks flaring from embarrassment. “Oh my god, I’m never touching that goddamned alcohol again.” Kylo manages to recover from laughing at me. I can’t seem to erase the smile from my face his laughter caused. It was such a warm sound, so pleasant. His smile was something precious, something almost sacred. I find myself staring at him, him staring at me. I look down, blushing, “I’m sorry if that whole experience was weird for you.” He responds, “It was weird, definitely, but nice to know how you truly feel about me.” I scrunch my face up. “Hey, that was drunk me talking! It’s not like I look at you and only think about the ways I could be fucking you.” Mumbling, he responds, “Reassuring.” Two quick beeps come from the ship’s main control center. Kylo curses under his breath, sitting up and crawling over me. He goes into the pilot’s room, leaving me laying down by myself in his bed. I didn’t realize how truly warm, nice and safe it was laying with him until now. I sigh, coming to my feet, stretching out my arms, and then following after Kylo. I see him pressing buttons and pulling levers in concentration. He looks so young in this setting. I can’t help but to hear the name Ben Solo ring out through my mind. I can see myself calling him Ben. But I don’t. I feel like he would not want that at all. I join the seat next to him and watch as we near closer to the Finalizer. After we land he glances over at me, smiles and says, “Thank you.” I smile back, questioning, even though I already know the answer, “For what?” He just leans forward, kisses me on the cheek, and then puts on his mask. Notes: lmao honestly so pumped to see fluffy baby innocent kylo turn into sexy daddy fucking hardcore horny kylo FUCK ME UPPPPPPP. anyWAYS i hope you all enjoyed this chapter! kinda weird that they haven't even kissed yet, but i just feel like it hasn't been the right time, yanno? idk, we'll see! god bless thx for reading! Chapter 11 : The Resistance On Board Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) As I sit on my couch with in my mask and uniform, I stand up straighter than usual. At first I assumed the mask would be stupid, but it somewhat makes me feel stronger. Before I put it on, I was an anxious wreck. Not I’m just an anxious mess. I stare at the door, waiting for Kylo. He told me through the Comm system that he would have to get me because Snoke requested for my presence. I haven’t even spoke to Snoke since my first day here. Perhaps he just wants to check up on me. But another part of me is afraid that Snoke is aware of my feelings for Kylo. I keep telling myself that feeling something for him is okay and normal, but I can’t completely trust myself when I think that. I think that I trust Snoke. I find comfort in him, but there’s some part of me that is so terrified by him. There’s two brief knocks at my door, followed by Kylo opening it. He’s looming in the doorway, staring at me. I slowly get to my feet and follow him out the door. We haven’t talked since we got back from Ilum. We haven’t yet discussed what our cuddling, his kiss on my cheek, entailed for our relationship. When I look into his mind, I expect to be blocked out. But I’m not. I sense his disinterest. I can see how disconnected he is from what happened on his ship. I frown. We walk all the way to Snoke’s headquarters without speaking. Let alone acknowledging each other’s existence. He punches in the code on the wall and we enter the familiar large room, walking down the long dark runway. The hologram of Snoke is illuminated with a blue tint. Snoke studies me as I approach him. His eyes look me up and down, examining my uniform. I am extra careful to walk with a strong stride, showcasing my newfound confidence. I remember the first time I came into this room. I tried to escape, I basically stumbled to his throne. When I reach the end of the runway, I bow taking a knee. Kylo does the same, still by my side. “You may rise.” His voice echoes throughout the room. When I’m reminded of how his voice sounds, I realize that it’s never really left me. It’s always been there, guiding my decisions, helping me. “Do you have your crystal with you?” Kylo Ren and I stand to our feet. Kylo reaches into his belt and removes the purple, glowing crystal. Snoke orders to Kylo, “Give it to her.” It’s odd hearing someone order Kylo around. It takes me off guard at first. Kylo passes it to me slowly, carefully. When my gloved hand brushes his, I cannot help but to remember feeling his skin just a day ago. He held my hand with such adoration. But as I look at him now, in the presence of Snoke, I only see Commander Ren. Ben Solo is not only dead, but has never existed. I hold my crystal in front of me, looking up to Snoke. “Kneel, my child.” He says. I obey, going back onto my knees, careful to keep my crystal steady in my hands. It’s just now that I realize that there are metal parts and pieces in front of Snoke’s throne. Snoke instructs, “Now is the time where we create your primary weapon. The Dark Side of the Force will guide you when you construct it. Reach out to it. Create it with the intention of killing your enemies with it later on, and it will be powerful. You will be powerful.” I obey. Closing my eyes, I concentrate hard. I channel the energy Snoke is using, the darkness he projects. My mind gives me images of my family, being killed at the hands of the Rebellion. I hear a spark of my crystal ignite. “Do not stop.” Snoke orders. It’s in that moment that I find myself making a promise. I promise to use this weapon to kill the people who killed my mother, my brothers. And anyone along the way who will stop me. I hear more crackles coming from the crystal, metal pieces clicking together. This weapon will be my aide for the people of the First Order to take me seriously. They will not doubt me. I will show them what I can do, what I am able of accomplishing. And if they get in my way, I will not hesitate to kill them as well. The hatred I’m feeling, the darkness consuming me is almost overbearing. But I feel so powerful. So strong. This is what the Dark Side is about. I exhale, focusing harder on the feeling, allowing it to consume me. I then hear a thump. Opening my eyes, I find my lightsaber in front of me. Purple sparks are loose from the end, light smoke trailing out of vents from the side. It’s slightly curved to fit my hand perfectly, unlike Kylo’s completely straight lightsaber. The lightsaber also has no silver, like most. Only black and rims of gold. My fingers reach out, hesitantly, but with so much adrenaline. I grasp it, in awe of how perfect it feels in my hand. Snoke encourages, “Ignite it.” I press upward on a golden switch with my thumb, the purple light igniting with a crackle. I swing it slowly in front of me, making a slight figure-eight shape. I’m in awe from the sound, from the beauty it creates as it moves. Chills run through my body. “Excellent.” Snoke nods in approval. I sigh, relieved. I push down on the switch, allowing the light to disappear back into the hilt. I put the lightsaber at my side, in the part of my belt that’s remained empty, waiting to be in use. Waiting for this moment. “Thank you, Supreme Leader.” I bow my head lightly. His face stretches into some form of a smile. He looks towards Kylo, “I suspect you told her of your duties coming for this week?” “I did not, Supreme Leader.” Kylo speaks. “I was not aware it was part of her concerns.” Snoke chuckles deeply for a split moment, but then he’s back to his very dark, melancholic state. “She is your apprentice. That entails taking her on your missions, allowing for her to watch you and learn from you in battle.” “Master, she’s only been in training for a little over a month, do you not think that she is under-prepared?” Snoke leans forward, saying to him almost threateningly, “She is more prepared than you know.” He hovers there, staring at Kylo’s mask as though he could see into his eyes. He leans back, returning to his original posture. “You were the one who said she is replaceable. If she is not ready to be brought to battle and she dies, then that shouldn’t be much of a problem, would it?” Kylo hesitates. I purse my lips, wondering how many times Kylo has spoken to Snoke about me, talking down on me. Saying my death is meaningless. Kylo finally speaks, “It would not, Supreme Leader.” I look down. Snoke finishes, concluding the meeting with, “Leave me, now. Do not disappoint me, Kylo Ren.” Kylo bows one last time and I mirror his movements, we turn around walking out. “(Y/N).” Snoke says as I turn on my heel to follow Kylo out. I freeze, taken off guard by his call out to me. I swallow hard and turn back to face him. “Yes, Supreme Leader?” He says with authority, with purpose, “I did not dismiss you yet.” I look back to Kylo who is frozen, looking back at both Snoke and I. Snoke waits for him to continue walking away and then leave. Snoke speaks, “The finalization of Kylo Ren’s training is resting upon you.” I nod, not sure where he is going with this. “I want for you to record his decisions, actions, and what he says to you. No matter how personal, it is for his own good that I am made aware.” He says. “Kylo Ren cannot master the darkside if Ben Solo still exists in his mind.” I chew at my bottom lip, giving a hesitate nod. “Every day I want you to write a log of things Kylo Ren has said to you. Anything about himself that you find out of the ordinary.” I pose the thought, trying not to sound defiant against his instruction, “Master Ren has been very closed off, emotionally.” It’s slightly a lie, as of yesterday. “I am afraid he is not fond of me enough to speak of such things.” Snoke responds, “I’m afraid that he is, dear.” I don’t say anything back. Snoke studies my silence and then waves his hand. “You are dismissed. I am pleased with your progress and looking forward to reading the information you have gathered for me. I trust you will not disappoint.” I bow and begin to exit. I try not to walk down the runway too quickly, trying to escape Snoke’s intimidating presence. Just as I reach the door, beginning to type in the exit code, I hear, “Additionally,” Snoke’s voice billows violently, echoing against the walls of the large room. “Do not speak of these instructions to Kylo Ren.” I nod, then leave. Kylo is standing with his arms crossed, waiting for me. I join his side and begin to walk back, escorted by his side. He finally speaks up, “What did Snoke tell you?” I lift my head, trying to not sound intimidated by his question, “I am not permitted to speak about it.” His fists clench. “I am your Master, you are permitted to do whatever I tell you to do.” Boldly, I reply, “Supreme Leader Snoke is your Master and if you have any concerns with his requests, I suggest speaking to him about it and not someone so replaceable and unprepared.” I reach my apartment, wanting to escape from Kylo and Snoke and all the conflict from my surroundings. But Kylo follows me inside, slamming the door behind him. “Are you angry because Snoke said that I called you replaceable? Because I recall saying that to your face plenty of times before.” I reach up to the buttons on my mask, ripping it off and tossing it on my couch. Even without the modulator, my voice is harsh, “I’m just slightly confused because less than twenty-four hours ago, you basically worshiped my presence and now you are completely shut off from me.” He scoffs, “Worshiped your presence?” He takes a step closer to me, looking down. “You’re a slave girl, who’s been nothing but a source for labor her whole life. You’re mistaking the fact that I haven’t beaten you or tried to sell your body to some slimy senator as an act of kindness.” I try to not let the words process into my mind. But they do, despite my efforts. I wish I had left my mask on, so he cannot see my reaction. I try my best to not let any sign of being hurt by his words seep through. “What the hell are you talking about?” It’s all I can manage to respond with. “Do you forget what you said to me?” “No, I do not.” He punches the exit code to the door. Waiting for it to read and open he says, “I used you because I was in distress and tired. I wanted physical comfort and, fortunately, my easily emotionally manipulated apprentice was at my disposal.” Anger rises in me. The door opens and before he can leave I spit, “You’re lying to yourself.” He has to be. He huffs, refusing to leave without the last word. “No, I lied to you.” I can hear his smug smile through his mask, “Do you honestly believe that I’ve never been with a woman before? Do you think that I would pass up all of the opportunities being a Commander in the First Order offers?” I swallow. “Why are you doing this?” He doesn’t respond. I take his moment of hesitation to say, “Let’s not forget that you are also replaceable. Supreme Leader Snoke knows that full well.” “What is that supposed to mean, what did he tell you?” His voice is more panicked now. I smile. He’s threatened by me. He thinks I’m going to steal his position or something. I approach him, my glare making up for the height difference. “You did tell the truth one time yesterday. You do not deserve the name of Ben Solo.” I pause. “Such a waste.” Suddenly, I can’t move. My body is frozen still by the Force. Kylo looms above me, concentrating hard. He says quietly, seething, “Why the hell would you say that to me?” I use all the hurt he caused me from his previous words to break through his, sending him backwards into the hall and into a wall. I respond, getting gradually more pissed, “How is what you said about me, about my past, completely acceptable, but what I said about yours somehow crossing the line?” He immediately regains his footing. What the hell did I just do? Suddenly, I feel my body being dragged forward and an invisible hand closing around my throat. I gasp for air, but it’s no use. Kylo stands before me, arm outstretched, fingers twitching. I close my eyes, tapping into the Force as much as I can. But despite my efforts, I cannot break his concentration, his own anger. As I look into the darkness of his mask, I think he might kill me. I actually believe that this is what everyone was speaking of when they told horror stories of him. This is the terrifying anger. This is the man who I tried to rationalize for. I showed him kindness and he’s pushing me away. I suddenly feel my feet underneath of me give out and the grip on my throat release. Kylo’s standing above me, breathing heavily. I hear his breaths from his voice modulator. I grasp my neck, rubbing the tenderness. “You knew how much saying that would affect me.” He sneers. Startled, I scramble back into my room. “You… you admitted to tricking me. I will not be lied to and manipulated ever again.” Not by Mathar, not by Vara, not by Kylo. He grunts, “Don’t you see how hard I’m trying to push you away? Every time I let you close to me, I realize how much of a mistake it is and then I hurt you to try to get you to back off. Don’t you see that you need to stop trying? Do you not understand how much I don’t want you?” My body completely stills when I realize that he didn’t lie to me. He wasn’t using me for only physical comfort, he wasn’t even using me to feel cared for. He meant everything he said. Now, he is taking his anger out on me as a way to make-up for the compassion, the harmony, the peace, and the things of the Light he found inside himself with me. Startled, I stumble to my room, taking one last glance at him heaving and enraged. I close my door as quickly as possible, hoping he doesn’t knock it down. He doesn’t. I sit on the couch, holding a hand over my neck. I rub the tenderness. I can’t believe I felt anything for such an awful man. Perhaps he’s right, the fact that he hasn’t treated me like complete shit is new for me, so I mistook it for kindness. Well, at least, he hasn’t treated me like shit until now. I lay down, curling up. Part of me wants to be sad, but I’m too exhausted. Him using such force on me is something that left me completely drained. But I suppose that I necessarily was not the best example of a good person either. He opened up to me last night, something I knew was hard for him to do. And I used that information against him. I manipulated it. Just like I accused him of manipulating me. I’m sickened by my hypocrisy. I open my door to apologize, hoping he’s still there, but he is gone. Instead there is a woman, wheeling a cart down the hall. She’s built, with dark curly hair and friendly brown eyes. I am confused of her presence and she takes notice of it. She speaks up, her voice calm, “Ma’dam, I have some pain relievers for you.” I tilt my head. “Why? How’d you get here so fast? How’d you know?” She looks down. “I just am listening to orders, my lady.” Being called “my lady” takes me a bit off guard. It’s so foreign, to be the higher rank in a room. The woman approaches me, somewhat hesitant. I want to tell her that I’m not scary, that I won’t hurt her. But I feel like that will just be sort of creepy. I just give her a reassuring nod and say, “Thank you very much, I appreciate your time.” She examines my neck and says, quietly, “There’s only slight redness. I doubt it will even bruise.” “Did Kylo Ren send you?” I look down. “Yes, he did.” She answers, pulling pills out of their bottle. “He said it was urgent, but this injury is very mild. Almost non-existent.” I shrug. “I’m sure he didn’t mean to hurt me, he just wanted to prove a point.” A point that he’s a monster. That he’s an awful person. But after trying to prove that point he sends a medic to my aide. Humoring. She hands me the pills and a small paper cup filled with water. “Here you go, my lady.” I take them, not because I feel much pain, but just to make this woman feel accomplished, like she has done her job. I would hate for her to report back to Kylo and to be scorned for not making me take the pills. I sigh, sitting back down on the couch. She says, examining me, feeling awkward, “Is there anything else you need?” I look to her. She’s wearing a grey suit, her hair pulled into a tight bun, but random curls of baby hair sticking out. The words come out of my mouth, without me even thinking, “Yeah, how are you?” She tilts her head in confusion. “I am fine.” I nod. “Good…” I purse my lips. “You know, I don’t have many companions on this ship. Do your fellow workers think lowly of me?" She sighs, taking a seat on the cushion chair to my right. “They do not think lowly of you. They are merely intimidated by your power, my lady. Commander Ren has done some terrifying things to those who step out of line in the past. We do not wish to anger you in similar ways.” I frown, pondering the thought. “I do not wish for anyone to be scared of me. I only ask for respect. To be treated as an equal.” “But, my lady, you are far above us.” I search her eyes and find that she truly believes that. She was taught to believe that someone in a higher rank is better than her, because in her life her job is all that matters. It’s all she has, all she’s worked for. “I’m truly not. I see you as my equal. And I find it very out of place for you to refer to me as ‘my lady.’ You can call me (Y/N).” She smiles slightly, reaching over to shake my hand. “Ales is my name. I work as an Intelligence Officer on the Finalizer.” “I thought you were a medic?” She laughs. “Actually, I am merely the first person in the hall that Kylo Ren saw since your encounter with him. He yelled at me to come to your room for medical assistance so I grabbed the pain relievers and a cup of water, then pretended to know what I was doing.” I giggle, trying to imagine her position. “Well, you sold me. You should go into theatrical entertainment when you are finished with your duties on the Finalizer.” She’s amused by the thought, scrunching up her upturned nose. “I don’t think General Hux will ever allow me to leave the Finalizer for such a career.” I roll my eyes. “He’s a prick, and I am above him in ranks. So if you ever want to do anything he won’t allow, come to me.” “It’s funny, you say that, actually, the General is such an asshole about you in particular.” I sigh, carefully phrasing my words. “We’ve had a few minor disputes.” I block out the fact that I told Hux that while I was sucking his dick, I was thinking about Kylo Ren. A nervous laugh escapes from my lips. “What has he said about me?” She chuckles. “He often mentions how far up Ren’s ass you are. Also, the occasional banter about you having no business being a part of The First Order with such lack of experience.” I roll my eyes, crossing my arms. “What the hell is his problem? Doesn’t he have better things to complain about?” Shrugging, the woman says, “Don’t get upset about it. It’s better to be up an ass than to be an ass. He has something disgustingly offensive to say about all of us.” I look over at her. Her warm, mocha eyes are so bright, friendly. I reassure, “If he ever bothers you, tell me. I’ll fuck him up for you.” The girl, Ales, is really nice. I got an overall good vibe from her. I’m actually happy I sat by her and talked to her. I give her a wave before she heads out my door with her “medicine cart.” She says before leaving, “Hey, if you ever need a friend or anything, here’s my room number. I’m just down the hall from you. Stop by.” She hands me a piece of paper. I smile, thanking her. Suddenly, I hear the sound of an explosion come down the hall. I peek outside the door, Ales freezes. Red lights begin to flash overhead, the sound of an alarming blaring through speakers I never even noticed before. Ales runs to her room, punching numbers into the control panel. I yell above the sirens, reaching a hand to my lightsaber. “What’s happening?” She sighs, running past her opened door, grabbing a blaster, then running out to my side. “It’s a Code 10, there must be an intruder.” “An intruder, how?” I fumble my lightsaber, resting my thumb on the switch, preparing myself. “I don’t know!” Panicked, she begins to run down the hall. I call after her, “Where are you going?” “To a lockdown center! I’m only permitted to fight unless it’s self-defense.” She explains. I look down the hall to where the noise came from. She notices how hesitant I am. “You’re new here, you can come with me! Don’t feel like you have to fight!” The words of Kylo Ren speaking about how unprepared I am enter my mind. How he thinks I’m replaceable. I stand up straighter. “I want to. Go to safety, now.” “Good luck!” With that she runs off. I run the opposite direction, beginning to reach out to the force. Trying to find answers in such chaos is difficult. Everything is so loud and hectic. I turn the corner to see how flooded the halls are. Troopers are running one way, while non-fighting employees run the other. I decide to follow the troopers, lightsaber in hand, ready to ignite. I find that one trooper in particular is keeping up with my pace of running. I turn my head to him, questioning, “What’s going on!?” He yells back a response over the alarms and distant gunshots, “A few members of the Resistance must’ve snuck onto the ship! They set bombs in one of our intelligence systems! Severs for our attack plans are going down!” I run forward, using the energy of the Force to charge me. The Resistance is here. I feel my blood begin to boil. But if they set off bombs, they couldn’t at the site of the explosion, they’d know better. They’d only be at a safe distance around it to make sure the job is done. I stop running and close my eyes, calling out to the Force, pleading for a sense of direction. If I let the Resistance get away with this, I will never forgive myself. Suddenly, I feel a pull to go to the hallway to my left. I oblige, running quickly, but not too fast to misread the Force’s guidance. With each step, I feel the pull intensify more and more. My grip on the lightsaber gets slightly more firm, my thumb read to ignite it at any given moment. I begin to check each room I come across, conference rooms for meetings, server rooms and random supply closets. It’s not until I open the door to a storage room that I feel a cold air sweep into my body and the Force encouraging me to find an answer. I step slowly, not turning on the light in hopes to catch whoever this is off guard. It’s a large room. They could be anywhere. I weave up and down halls made by shelves. I jump when I hear a crash to my right. I glace over to find the shelves falling over, towards me like a domino effect. As a shelf crashes down, some ammunition teetering off the edge and hitting my shoulder, I use the Force to hold it up, then push it back the opposite way. Among the fallen items, I see a man begin to break for the door. I’m not strong enough to stop him with the Force yet, but I can cause him to lose his footing, face planting into the ground. He’s in stormtrooper under-armor. He must’ve disguised himself. I make my way to him, stepping around the clutter of shelves and fallen supplies. I ignite my lightsaber, the purple glow radiating throughout the dark room. I bring the end of it to his face, dirty and sweaty. His hazel eyes look me up and down, terrified. “Who are you?” Before I can respond, the Force gives me a warning. I trust my instincts and swing around, to find a man firing a blaster at me. My lightsaber follows the bullets route and blocks it, causing the bullet to ricochet to the ceiling. Slowly more and more file in, their guns drawn. My breath quickens as I’m backed into a corner, readying myself. The first gunshots are easy to block. One of them even ricochets onto the leg of one of the soldiers. One charges me and in that split second, I hesitate. I’ve never had to kill someone without anticipation. I’ve never had to kill someone on the spot. I scrunch my eyes and swing my lightsaber, feeling tension as I hit the man with my blade. He falls to the ground, a scorching orange gash from his chest to face. I keep myself steady from stumbling back at the grotesque sight. In my moment of shock, I hear a blaster go off and then a searing pain hit my leg. I gasp in pain, falling to the ground. On impact, out of panic, I allow the force to push all the men backwards so they stumble. I use the force to grab the dead man’s blaster and fire all four of them in a matter of a second. I lean back against the wall, eyeing the fallen men of the Resistance, my chest heaving from exhaustion and adrenaline. I put my lightsaber back at my side and use my hand to grasp my wound. Blood spills from my thigh to my fingers, a sheering pain coursing through my body. I use the gauze from the cut on my hand to absorb some of the blood from the blaster wound. I hear footsteps race down the hallway. My blaster goes straight to the door, pointing. My finger looms over the trigger, ready to fire. I never thought I’d be glad to see General Hux. He has a blaster and scans the room, flipping on the lights. He sees me and the men lying dead before me. Ordering, he tells the stormtroppers behind him, “Alert the medical bay.” He comes to my side, wrapping an arm around me. I hiss as he heaves me up, my leg giving out. I lean on him for support. I have no choice. Hux informs a trooper, who begins to type on a holopad, “She has a moderate blaster wound on her left thigh. She’s losing a fair amount of blood, but the wound hit no arteries.” He pretty much drags me, like I’m some kind of rag doll. I try to walk but I can’t do much without grunting loudly and falling more into Hux’s side. The walk to the medical bay is extrusive. Hux throws me on a small cot and nurses begin to poke and probe at me with IVs and needles. One goes straight to my thigh, cutting away at the cloth on my leg. I look down at the raw skin, torn apart and mangled. Hux yells amongst all the chaos, “What the hell were you thinking?” I narrow my eyes, trying to ignore the nurses. “Whatever I was thinking was a lot more productive than any ideas your troopers had. Such a help they were.” I feel an alcohol filled cotton rag press against my thigh. I scream in pain. It feels boiling, like someone just branded me with heated metal. Hux continues, still pissed, “You did not understand protocol, yet you forced yourself into battle anyway! That was the most disorganized mess I’ve ever-” “Shut the fuck UP!” I scream as another cotton rag goes into my wound. “I will not be ordered to-” Suddenly Hux is pushed aside by the force. Kylo Ren is behind him, running up to me. I frown. His mask is off, showcasing his concern. But I try not to focus too much on it. I revert my attention back to the searing pain in my leg. Kylo tries to reach me through the countless nurses, poking his head around them to see what’s going on. He asks, impatiently, “How bad did they hurt you, are you ok?” I nod stubbornly. But when I feel a stabbing poke at the fleshy layers of my skin, I cannot help but to throw my head back and scream. I wasn’t expecting the stitches to come this early. Kylo pushes one of the nurses aiding my IVs aside and reaches out, grabbing my hand. I squeeze his hand tight back as the thread goes through my skin, tearing my nerves apart. I exhale roughly, my mouth watering. Kylo watches, frowning. He doesn’t say anything. There’s another poke as the needle goes into the opposite side of the wound. Then more pulling. Then more screaming. Then another poke. Then pull. Then cry. This goes on for six more times. I find myself, somewhere in there burying my head into Kylo’s torso as sits on a chair next to me. “It’s finished.” The nurse announces, trying to make me feel relieved. But the tenderness and pain that still is originating from my wound is evident. Kylo senses this and asks me with concern, “Do you want me to put you to sleep?” I shake my head. Some part of me is still too stubborn and angry to speak to him. Even though I was in the wrong. Even though I said such insulting things about him. Why do I put him through the guilt that he so easily accepts? Hux points at me, demanding Kylo, “This is why she shouldn’t be here. Why Snoke should’ve never let her into our facility.” Kylo freezes, let’s go of my hand, and then turns to him. His voice is quiet. “She killed all the Resistance members.” Hux sees how serious Kylo is in the moment. He knows that if he continues, he’s going to be murdered or thrown across the room, or both simultaneously. Kylo just orders, “Leave us.” Hux swallows, then walks out, a slight stomp in his step. The Nurse looks up, slightly confused. Kylo waves her away and then closes the door. As soon as the door closes he begins pacing, mumbling, “I can get you some morphine if you need it. Anything you want, I can get for you. Please don’t be ashamed in asking for help, I do not look down on you for-” “Kylo.” I interrupt. Tears well at my eyes, against my own will. The pain from my leg combined with the guilt I feel for saying what I said to him earlier combine into one awful mess of torture. As I speak, a sob escapes, “I’m sorry.” He rushes to my side, beginning to hold me. He sits down on the cot, carefully placing my head on his lap. I cry lightly into his thighs, clutching onto his knee with one hand. He speaks with sadness, with shame, “I have no excuse for the way I acted. I thought that if I treated you badly that this would be easier, but I only made things so awful and-” I nod, interrupting, “I know, Kylo.” A hesitate hand reaches up to my head and begins stroking my hair. The realization hits me and I struggle to sit up, to look at him. He helps me, holding me at the shoulders. I smile as much as I can despite my pain. I wipe away stray tears with the back of my hand. “Do you have something to say to me? Something to correct me for?” He crinkles his eyebrows confused, “What?” My smile grows. “That was the first time I called you Kylo and you didn’t tell me to call you Master or Commander.” He sighs, releasing a laugh. He guides me back down on his lap, continuing the pattern of stoking my hair. “Those titles are unnecessary in situations like these.” “Why?” I question. “Right now, I’m not your Master or Commander.” A finger twitches as he massages my scalp. I sigh into his touch. “Then what are you?” “Your friend.” I stroke my thumb against the nob of his knee. “I thought your intentions were to remain on a Master/Apprentice basis with me.” “My intentions seem to not be lining up with my actions. With my feelings.” He admits this not only to me, but to himself. I turn my head so that I’m looking up at him, him looking down at me. The hand that was previously massaging my scalp has readjusted to the side of my face. I feel the leather of his gloves caress the highest point of my cheekbone, lightly skimming the skin back and forth. I’ve never seen Kylo so peaceful. He’s always been a conflicted mess. But I see clarity in his eyes. He projects his thoughts loudly, not caring what I see. He doesn’t care that I know how much he wants to kiss me right now. He doesn’t care that I know how- “I…” He searches for ways to form his sentence. “I like this.” He tries not to wince at the way it came out, but I grin. “Me too.” He sighs, studying my face more as I study his. We stare at each other for a moment, just looking into each other’s eyes. I see how dark, how warm his are. Yet, exclusively, when they look down on me, how caring they are. I find so much comfort in him. His projections grow stronger, almost like a question, an idea protruding into my mind. He’s asking for permission to kiss me. I lightly nudge the force against the back of his head to pull him down, closer. He doesn’t need any more convincing. He dips his head down quickly, turning his head so that when he presses his lips to mine, they interlock against each other perfectly. His lips feel so soft, so warm. I feel how nervous he is and it makes me forget about how nervous I am. But once I press back into the kiss, his anxieties flutter away. He begins pulling away slowly, savoring every moment our lips are still pressed together. When I can’t feel his lips on mine anymore, I feel his breath, sighing in somewhat relief. The kiss, overall, makes me smile. I sit up and he assists me, adjusting the pillow behind me. He opens his mouth to speak, trying to find words to say after such an intimate encounter, but I find myself leaning back into him, finding his lips again. Feeling their warmth again. He presses back, shifting forward so that I do not have to do much moving. He pauses the kiss as he moves his hands up to the sides of my face, fingers locking around my ears and thumbs pressing against the smooth skin of my jawline. He holds my face steady as he presses deep into the kiss, relaxing and then kissing me once more. We move out lips against each other’s trying to find new ways to fit our mouths together. But we always tend to go back to the same position. Kylo’s nose digs into my cheek as he begins to find a certain rhythm. My hands begin to turn greedy, tugging at the fabric of his robes. The need to be closer to him overwhelms me. The need to explore more parts of him, to feel more parts of him. I tug at his bottom lip with my teeth lightly, experimenting with how it makes him react, what amount of pressure I should use. The slightest groan escapes his chest. I release his lip from my teeth and he uses the opportunity to press his tongue against me, working it into the once innocent kisses that are now forming more hungry and desperate. I incorporate my own tongue into the equation and we find ourselves exploring each other’s mouths. My head goes back in pleasure and he uses the motion to pull away. Instead of looking to me, speaking to me, as I would expect, he plants small kisses at the side of my mouth, then my cheek then my jawline. I feel my breath begin to quicken as I open my eyes, and see the way his body his moving the rhythm of his kisses. His back gives the slightest of rolls whenever he pushes his lips deep into my skin. I draw my hand into his hair, encouraging him. My gaze is interrupted by his hand coming up to my neck, softly embracing it. He lightly pushes on my chin with his thumb so that my neck is more exposed to him. His lips go everywhere from my jawline to the collar of my uniform. He tests what parts are the softest and which parts protrude outward from bones. He kisses each part differently, seeming fascinated by the feeling of his all. When he goes back upwards to my ear, I lightly gasp. I didn’t expect for such a seemingly insensitive part of my body to be so manipulated by his touch. There is a wonderful combination of feeling his lips and teeth go back and forth against my earlobe, his low, shallow breathes rumble against my ear, and his hand is so gently holding my neck. If he were to just squeeze he’d be choking me. But he doesn’t. His hand is so tender against such a vulnerable part of me. The sound of the door opening throws completely him off of me and completely off of the bed. Before he even looks to see who is at the door he crosses his arms, looking down. He tries to seem bored and unbothered. I try not to breathe too heavily. General Hux is at the door, telling Kylo, “We found some information on why the Resistance is here and what they wanted with those servers that they destroyed.” Kylo purses his lips and nods. He sneers, vemon so evident, “Thank you, General.” The General scoffs and exits, Kylo giving me one last glance before following behind him. Kylo should be in the training room. I don’t know if he’s intending to train today or not, but I am assuming he is. He didn’t tell me otherwise. I don’t want to let this wound stop me from going on any missions with him. Or stop me from coming to my scheduled training. I open to the door to the training room to find everything empty, vacant. Perhaps he’s just running late. I make my way to the weights and start lifting, easing myself into heavier things. I can’t shake the feeling of his lips on mine, just a few hours ago. He seemed so hungry, so desperate. So gentle and so dominate. I lick my lips, trying to find any taste of him left. A voice in my mind tells me to stop thinking about him, to focus. I try to only think about lifting the weights up and then down to my chest, but it gets so boring, my mind wanders. Why is he not here to train me? Why didn’t he tell me he didn’t want to train today because he wants me to heal first? If I go to his quarters to see if he’s there will that be too clingy? Will he be creeped out? He’s probably just busy. He has to be. I mean, he was so into me. I felt his admiration for me. What if he’s blocking me out again, realizing that having a relationship with me is a waste of time? I throw the weight back onto it’s holder and sit up. Working out does not help me clear my mind. I cross my arms and head out the door, back to my room. I could get drunk again. I’m sure I could find alcohol somewhere. But do I really want another hangover? And do I really want to risk doing all the ridiculous things I did last time? And barfing? I scrunch my face in disgust. I walk into my apartment and look around for something to do. My eyes catch the stack of books. I can’t read with this much on my mind. I look at the fridge. I just had dinner so I’m not very hungry. My eyes find the bed. I lay down, exhaling deeply. I peel off the layers of robes one by one, tossing them to the ground. I’m careful to avoid the wound on my thigh, not getting the stitches caught against the fabric. I’ve never tried to do anything to myself, sexually. I’ve never even orgasmed before. My whole teenage and adult life has been spent in a bedroom with fifteen other sexually deprived girls. If, one day, Kylo and I were to have sex, I’d be terribly clueless. I wouldn’t be able to tell him what I like or what I want from him. Chances are, he’d be clueless too. What if he’s not clueless? What if he didn’t lie about being with a million women? What if he had sex with a shitton of First Order prostitutions, all with bigger tits and nicer asses than me? Shit. I suppose I should find out what I do like. Plus, it might relax me. I lay down, now only in a bra and panties. My eyes stare at the ceiling. Where do I even start? Is it ridiculous that the man only kissed me once and now I’m already planning our sex life? Is that too clingy? Fuck it. I got shot today. I deserve to feel good. I slowly beginning massaging myself through my bra. I allow my hips to move in the motion with my movements. Slipping two fingers into my mouth, I collect as much moisture as I can from my mouth, then use it to rub my breasts, pinching slowly at the nipples. I can’t help but imagine Kylo’s hands instead of mine, so much larger and more capable. Him worshiping my breasts with his lips, with his teeth. His hands exploring me, feeling the smoothness of my skin. He would hear every gasp and moan he’d make me utter. I’d feel every gasp and moan I’d make him utter. I slip my fingers back into my mouth, getting them wet and slipping then into my panties. I wonder how the wetness of my fingers would compare to Kylo’s mouth. His lips teasing me by kissing my thighs, his hands holding my hips in place. I grind into my hand. His sweaty hair inside a fist as I hold him between my legs. I’d feel his breath, feel his words against my cunt. He’d burry himself into me, tasting every inch of me. I want to show him how much I need how, how much I want him. I moan, teasing the lips of my pussy. I imagine how hard he’d be if he saw me right now, if he were the one touching me. His dick has to be huge, it’s just completely a no brainer. I slowly allow myself to slip a finger inside me, stretching me. I can’t imagine how he’d fit inside me, when I feel so tight around just one of my fingers. I curve it upwards, exploring. One spot in particular makes my breath hitch and hips turn upwards. I sigh when I tease the area once more and it gives me the same reaction. Slowly, I insert another finger and pump in and out, curving my fingers to push against the spot. I grind against my hand, allowing my clit to rub up to my palm. I imagine Kylo’s hot breath against my ear as he’s on top of me. His body his grinding against me and he’s pumping himself in and out of me, violently. He tells me how beautiful I am, how much he’s wanted me for so long. I can almost hear his dark, low voice saying, “I love watching you as I fuck you.” I whimper at the thought of how much I need him, how much I want him. I want him to feel him move inside of me, on top of me. I want my legs to wrap around his body urging him to go deeper. I groan into my shoulder, whipping my head to the side. I want to feel his back under my fingernails as I am forced to cling onto him. I pull my fingers out of me and rub quick circles around my clit, pushing hard into my flesh. “Goddamnit,” I mummer. I wonder how it’d feel with his warm cum inside of me, filling me. I wonder how he’d look when he’d cum. I’d tell him how much I’d want him to cum, how much I want him to take me. I imagine his moans, light growls and mumbles. I just want him to hold me down as he fucks me hard, watching how much control he has over my body. I gasp, my fingers hitting the perfect spot at the perfect speed. I exhale louder than I expect, pushing my fingers at the spot harder. Everything in my mind begins to build up, my vision turns cloudy. I bite my lip hard, somehow finding the energy to make my fingers go faster to release all the warmth gathering between my legs and- KNOCK KNOCK KNOCK. I freeze. My body, especially my clit, feels tender from all the motion, and my mind is completely confused by the sudden stop. I growl, reaching down at my ankle to pull up my panties. They get caught on my stitches and I let out a loud, “FUCK!” Recovering, I stuff my breasts back into my bra and make my way to the closet, trying to find a large enough tee shirt to cover everything. KNOCK KNOCK KNOCK KNOCK. I bark, “WAIT A GODDAMN MINUTE, I’M COMING!” Whoever the hell this is, it better be important. It better be a matter of life or death. I have never felt that fucking amazing in my life and I was about climax, I was so fucking close. I scowl as I pull the tee shirt over me and cross to the door. I literally might kill whoever this is. I open it with the key pad and snap, “What?” Kylo’s standing there, in mask and all. “You don’t look very enthused to see me.” He observes, his voice sounding so military with the mask. The wetness in-between my legs grows. He’s so fucking tall. I try to regain my breath. “No, no, I am really happy to see you, sorry, I just woke up.” He invites himself in. My eyes dart to the bedroom, making sure it doesn’t look like I just was masturbating. I don’t know how it would. But I’m paranoid about it. He sits on my couch and takes his mask off. “I apologize about not showing up to train you. I figured you could use the day off. Plus, I was with a colleague.” He smooths his hair back, allowing room for me to sit down next to him. “But I wanted to speak with you before the day ended.” I stare at the spot on the couch meant for me to sit. I can also feel my own wetness still on my right hand. I walk into the bathroom quickly, “I’ll be there in a moment.” I quickly wash my hands and use the bar of soap to wash away anything that was there before. I wipe my hands on my shirt and cross back into the living room, to his side. He looks me up and down. “Did you just get back from training?” I bite my lip, trying to figure out why he would think that. “No, why?” “You’re all sweaty.” I laugh nervously. “I sweat a lot during this time of night.” I lie. He nods. “That’s kind of odd.” We just sit there in an awkward silence. I don’t know how to break it. I feel like he knows I’m lying to him. He has to know I was just touching myself to the thought of him. Damn. He’s probably here because he knew. He’s here to just keep me in some kind of sexual suspense. He couldn’t have just walked in right when I was about to orgasm. Does masturbating make you project? I begin, trying to divert my thoughts. “So what colleague were you talking to?” He slightly laughs, standing to his feet and finding his way into my kitchen. “Phasma. You’ve met her right?” I nod. He begins, searching my cupboards for cups, “We were just discussing life stuff. She’s one of the only people I do not find intolerable on this ship, someone I can speak to.” He fills the cup with water from the sink. “Cool.” I say, trying not to make my jealousy sound apparent. Kylo’s badass, Phasma’s badass. They’d be chill as hell together. He leans back against the counter, staring at me. “You project loudly when you’re jealous.” He takes a swig, eyebrows raised at me. My eyes squint at him. “Do I project loudly when I masturbate too or are you just here out of sheer coincidence?” He almost chokes on his water. I frown. “Don’t play dumb!” He cracks up laughing, unable to contain it, “What the hell are you talking about?” I still remain unamused. “You sensed me jacking off or whatever and that’s why you’re here.” He has to hold himself up to keep himself from falling to the ground in astonishment. “You thought that I came here because I used the Force to sense that you were masturbating?” I stammer, blushing, “Well, it was a really insane coincidence!” He doesn’t stop laughing at me yet. “That’s not how the Force works, darling.” My stomach flips at the word ‘darling.’ KNOCK KNOCK KNOCK KNOCK KNOCK KNOCK. “Who the hell is it now?” I mumble. This night couldn’t get any more of a joke, it just can’t. I signal Kylo to go in my bedroom. “Hide, I don’t want anyone else to think I’m only with The First Order because I give you favors.” He smirks. “You obviously wish that were one of the conditions.” I slap his arm, cross to the couch, throw a pillow over his helmet and make my way to the door. Slowly, bracing myself, I punch in the numbers to open it. Goddamnit. General Hux says, pushing his way inside, “Listen, I just wanted to apologize about my behavior-” “Hux, now is really not the time-” He grabs my arm, pleading. “Listen, I’ll give you more space and all. After you got hurt, seeing you lying in that medical bed… God, I just have not been able to stop thinking about you, how your lips feel, how your goddamn body feels…” He grabs my hips, pulling me into him. “Fuck…” He mumbles. Fuck. My. Life. He continues, “I don’t care if you’re imagining Kylo the whole time, I just want another night with you, I want to do so much more with you, I want to-” “OH MY GOD, LEAVE, HUX.” I push him off of me with the force and close the door, leaving him outside. Great. I’m met with a suggestive look from Kylo in the doorway. I say, flatly, “Please take me back to Nioness to be a pathetic waitress slave. That would be a lot less humiliating of a job.” He smiles, making his way towards me. “Would you like to explain to me what that was about?” I purse my lips. “Not at all.” He doesn’t respond, encouraging me to give him and answer. I drop on the couch, my side hitting his helmet. I curse under my breath and he comes to my side, putting the helmet on the ground and kneeling in front of me. I sigh. I guess he deserves to know. “Well, when Hux and I were… doing things, I had to imagine myself doing things with someone I was attracted to. And that someone was you. And I got pissed off at him one day and told him that that’s how I got off.” He just stares at me with his signature, boyish grin. I snap, still embarrassed, “Now you probably think I’m some kind of sex addict who has a weird obsession with you, but I don’t. I appreciate you a lot as a person, I just-” I’m interrupted when he brings a hand to my good thigh, rubbing up and down. His leather gloved hand against my bare skin makes me shiver. He smirks at my reaction. “I know. If it helps, I think about you too.” My breath hitches. “What do you mean?” His hand digs deeper into my thigh, fingers roaming more of the area. His voice is painfully low, “I imagine things I’d like to do to you. And I pleasure myself by the ideas.” Fuck. I open my mouth to speak but I can’t find the words. "Plus, I'd never imagine I'd have so much in common with Hux." As I give him a confused look, he rubs my thigh faster, mocking, "God, I just have not been able to stop thinking about you, how your lips feel, how your goddamn body feels..." I laugh, almost crying from humiliation, "Stop! That's not funny, he's so gross." He laughs at my reaction and then lets go of me, leaving me completely void of his touch. His voice turns back to nervous, younger, “But I hope you understand that I am very unsure of myself, as well. I’ve never been with anyone. The last thing I’d want to do is disappoint you.” “What happened to your opportunities being the Commander being the First Order? All those super hot girls you have on your Comm System.” He seems baffled by the thought of it. “When I said that, I just wanted a way for me to see your reaction.” I shake my head, leaning down to his level. “Listen, there’s nothing you can do to disappoint me.” I reach down, intertwining my fingers in his. “Your company is enough to make me happy.” His head reaches up and he kisses me on the forehead, then standing to his feet. I try to memorize the feeling of his lips, lingering. He explains, “I wanted to talk to you about that, actually. That’s why I was speaking to Phasma for so long. She was giving me… relationship advice.” My eyes widen. “Like, relationship as in you and I?” He stammers, “Only if you want that. I apologize if it’s too quickly, if I’m blowing this out of proportion.” I smile, trying to contain my excitement. “I do! I am just slightly confused as to where we stand. Like, do you just want to use me for comfort, or use me to have someone to talk to, or-” He tilts his head, sitting next to me. “I don’t wish to use you.” I look down, slightly confused. “Then what is it for?” “What is what for?” “Our relationship?” He swallows. “Well, I… I care for you. And I’m intrigued by you. And I wish to be intimate with you. If you wish the same for me, we can be intimate together and talk more with each other. But if you don’t that is fine as well.” I laugh lightly. “Okay, yeah, I’m sorry. I just never really had a dad when I was a child, so I’m not sure about how relationships work. I just always assumed people got together for certain reasons. For advancement reasons.” He looks away, I sense him distancing himself from me. “What exactly are your intentions with me?” I shrug. “I don’t really know yet. But I wanna find out.” He frowns. I worry that I said something wrong, but when he shakes it off and caresses my cheek, I find myself not worrying about anything at all. “Alright.” I turn my head into his hand and kiss his palm. “Okay.” He smiles. “Training tomorrow morning?” I study his smile, taking the sight in for a moment. I allow it to fill me up with so much joy, I have to contain a giggle. “Yes, Master.” He pulls his hand away from my face slowly. “Goodnight.” “Goodnight.” I fall back onto my couch with the biggest grin I think is humanly possible. Notes: playlist for this chapter includes: cockblock ft hux. reading it back over, there's a lot of shit that went down so i hope it's not too much for one chapter. but yea <3 kylo is such a shy little precious inexperienced child who just really likes the reader and is kinda super scared of being used. reader is also inexperienced but shes a lot less shy about it. and doesn't understand relationships and how they work... so this will kinda be a reoccuring theme. poor baby kylo might take it the wrong way. love him to death. god. HELP. i really hope you guys enjoyed. I rewrote this chapter over and over again, and i think im finally happy with it. thx so much for reading, i love seeing everyone's comments and kudos and it just warms my heart! <3 bless! Chapter 12 : Before The Storm Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The next morning I get up earlier than usually to get ready for training. I take a little extra time in the shower, making sure I’m completely squeaky clean and smell good. Usually I don’t bother brushing my hair, but today I make it silky smooth. And I also put on some moisturizer and wipe off my face. Just to make myself a little more presentable. I stare at myself in the mirror, adjusting my leggings and tank top to fit my body in the most flattering way they can. I experiment with my hair, parting it different ways, then flipping it over to the other side. I really should brush my hair more often. This feels so much nicer than the knotty mess it usually is. I dig my fingers into my scalp, fluffing up at the roots. I even put a little bit of oil on my lips to make them seem more shiny and pouty. KNOCK KNOCK. I glance at the time. Training doesn’t start for thirty more minutes, so it can’t be Kylo coming to tell me I’m late. I sigh, walking out of the bathroom and opening the door. It’s none other than Kylo. He stands, broad with his arms crossed, looking down on me. I can’t read his expression at all. I part my lips, not knowing what to say. He just brings his gloved hand up, into my hair, allowing strands to weave in and out his fingers. The modulated voice says, “You did something different with your hair.” I self-consciously look downwards, “Yeah, I just thought that it was about time I started learning proper grooming etiquette.” He doesn’t respond. He just looks side to side, to see if there’s anyone in the hall. When he sees that we’re alone, he walks inside and closes the door behind him. “What are you doing here?” I ask. He reaches up and takes off his mask, setting it on my couch. When he sets it down I see his large, somewhat goofy grin. “I didn’t want to wait until training to see you. Did I interrupt something?” “No! Of course not!” I reassure, sitting down on the couch. He joins me, wrapping an arm around me, letting his hand rest on my shoulder. He gives me a light squeeze and I lean into him. He bends his arm to lightly brush his fingers into my hair. He seems so fascinated by the texture. We stare forward at the door. He sighs, “What are we supposed to do?” “What do you mean?” “Now that we’re kind of a thing.” He swallows. “What do we do?” I shrug, not quite sure of the answer myself. “I don’t know. I’ve never really seen any couples in my life. Were your parents affectionate at all?” He tenses at the question, bringing his arm from around me to his own lap. “No.” That’s all he says. I sense it’s a sensitive topic for him so I reach out, in an attempt to apologize. I rub his back lightly, brushing the fabric of his uniform with light fingertips. “I’m sorry. I’m really awful at this.” I sense his frustration. “There’s just so much tension when I think about you, when I’m around you. I don’t know what to do with it. I don’t know how to release it.” I think what he’s thinking about is an orgasm. I don’t tell him that though. I rub into his back a bit harder, using my palms. “Maybe you just need to relax.” He does feel really tense. Stressed out, anxious. I try to give him a decent back massage from this angle, but I can’t quite reach. “Here,” I stand to my feet, pushing my hair behind my ear. He looks up. I urge, “Come here.” He hesitantly stands to me and follows me into my bedroom. I motion towards the bed. He raises an eyebrow, skeptically. “I am not sure what you’re asking me to do. We only have twenty minutes until training, I doubt that’d be enough time to-” I feel the blood rush to my face. “No! I was going to give you a back massage!” “Ahhh…” The realization is evident in his voice. I scrunch my eyebrows, “This is what couples fucking do! Now lay down on your stomach.” He throws his hands up in defense and complies. He takes off his cowl and the first layer of his robes. After carefully folding them, placing them on the side of the bed, he lowers himself down on the mattress. I sit above him, on my knees. I know I have to swing my leg over to straddle him, but I hesitate. Sighing, I give myself an internal countdown and do it. Slowly, I begin working the knots out of his shoulders, pressing my palms firmly into his back muscles. He notably exhales, relaxing. I dig deeper, flexing. The muscles of his back are very apparent to me, even though the remaining layers of clothing. I swallow. He turns his head to the side to speak. “You are actually quite decent at this.” I move up to his shoulders, thumbs working into the top of his spine. “Did you doubt me?” “Never,” He laughs, resting his eyes shut and breathing evenly. I move my hands back down to his shoulder blades, then his sides. “I always gave Vara massages like this. We would get so sore from being on our feet, serving tables all day.” He asks in a sleepy voice, “How are your thoughts on Vara?” I laugh, finding a rhythm of my hands against his ribs. “I’m surprised you don’t just read my mind instead of asking.” He responds, “I won’t read your mind unless you are projecting it loud enough for me to hear without trying. As long as you do the same for me.” I am taken aback by his concern. “Sure,” I assure him. He nods, nuzzling his head into the pillow. “I just remember how much she hurt you when we left Nioness.” I shrug, trying not to think too much into it. I just focus more on the massage. “I don’t know. I’ve been trying to convince myself it’s no big deal. I mean, she’s been my closet friend, my only friend really, for the past decade. Some part of my mind assumed she’d be happy, proud of me even. I thought she’d want to come with me.” “She did. She has her mind clouded by the Resistance. I’ve seen how they brainwash people. You shouldn’t take her words personally.” I laugh. “Easier said than done.” He hesitates before stating, “You had feelings for her. I saw them on our second day of training.” I sigh. Honestly, my feelings for Vara have always been something I hoped weren’t true. Just a figment of my mind, something my brain made up out of boredom. I rub Kylo’s back lighter, now. Putting more thought into each movement. “I suppose I did.” He just nods, closing his eyes again. I know how much of a sensitive person Kylo is. How often he overthinks things. I also see how much he belittles himself. I roll off of him, lying beside him so that I can say to his face directly, “It’s a good thing that it never worked out.” “Why is that?” He sleepily opens his eyes at me. I scoot my head closer, bringing my hand upwards to push the raven strands of hair away from his face. “I wouldn’t have ended up with you, like this.” He gives me a tired smile then kisses my cheek before closing his eyes again. I can tell he doesn’t believe me. I feel a slight stab in my stomach at that fact, knowing that he doesn’t trust me. I bite the inside of my cheek. Before I can address it, he changes the subject. “What time is it?” I look over at the clock on my nightstand. “Ten minutes until training.” He groans. I bring a hand up, continuing to rub his back. “Me too.” It’s an hour past when training was supposed to start. I stare at Kylo’s peaceful, sleeping face. I really do not want to wake him. I’ve never seen him sleeping before, which may seem normal, but with all the missions we go on where we stay in the ship overnight, he’s always awake. He just is constantly tired. I sigh, reaching over to give a slight nudge. He responds with a low mumble, curling up next to me. His arm wraps around my stiffened body. I open my mouth to say something, but decide better of it. I bring up arm over his body so that I am holding him just as much as he is holding me. I trace fingers against his back. With my nose nuzzled into his shirt, I smell how clean he is. I find myself relaxing myself into his arms, slowly dozing off. His breaths rock me to a slumber, like a lullaby. I’ve always fell asleep because it was the only option, due to exhaustion. But with Kylo, right now, I can feel myself being slowly taken by my mind. It’s so gradual. So pleasant. Just wonderful. “WHERE IS KYLO?” Both Kylo and I jump up to the Hux’s voice echoing throughout the comm system. Kylo groans, running a hand into his hair while I slip off of the bed, making my way to the comm system. Kylo rubs the sleep out of his eyes, “What time is it? Did I fall asleep?” I nod. “We were supposed to be at training a little over an hour ago.” Panic strikes his expression. “Why didn’t you wake me up?” I say in defense, “I fell asleep too.” It’s not completely a lie, I suppose. “(Y/N), YOU BETTER GODDAMN WELL NOT BE IGNORING ME!” Hux’s words are piercing. Kylo says before I can respond, “He can’t know I’m here.” “What do I tell him?” “You don’t know where I am and I didn’t show up to training.” I sigh, pressing the button. “Yeah, I’m here. I haven’t seen Kylo today.” Hux responds, annoyed, “Well, find him for me. We need him on the bridge immediately.” I put my finger off of the button, looking to Kylo for a response. Kylo exhales, already standing up and putting his cowl back on. “Tell him you’ll go out to look for me.” I obey, telling Hux, “I’ll go find him.” “It’s about time you’ve made yourself useful to the First Order.” I try so hard to not punch the comm system. “Did it slip your mind that I killed all those Resistance members?” “How is that wound on your leg doing by the way? The one from the Resistance member that shot you?” My fist clench and I tense up. I feel Kylos arms grab my shoulders, rubbing softly. He whispers, “I’ll annoy him extra today for you.” “Good.” I tell Kylo lowly. I stammer, replying to the comm system, “It feels great, actually! Compared to your presence.” He responds, scoffing, “Slave.” I sneer, “Asshole.” When I turn around, away from the comm system, I see Kylo’s amused grin. He hums, “I don’t think he likes you very much.” I growl at Kylo, “Fuck him up for me.” Kylo slightly shushes me, amused at my annoyance. He just stares at me with a smirk then leans forward to kiss the tip of my nose. Seeing someone who has the potential to be so powerful and intimidating do something so silly makes me giggle, him smiling wider in response. Any anger I felt before towards Hux is now only replaced by happiness from Kylo. He releases me and returns into my living room, putting his helmet on. I walk with him into the hallway, resuming business as usual, as if we’re still only master and apprentice. He tells me as I try to re-adapt to the sound of the modulator, “I will send Captain Phasma to train with you because of our interruption today. We have a big day ahead of us tomorrow and you cannot afford to miss practicing combat skills.” I question, “You never told me where we’re going for this mission.” He sighs, turning a corner sharply, “Korriban. There’s some ancient artifacts that the Republic has found. Artifacts that belong to the Sith. I intend to steal them and take them into keeping of my own.” He pauses, careful to say his next statement, “You will stay on my ship. I’ll have the best of my guards looking after you.” I freeze, halting my steps. “No way, I’m going with you. That’s what Snoke said. I follow you and fight along your side.” Kylo looks back, his posture stiffening. “You were just shot in the leg. Additionally, you’re too new to all of this to be anywhere near battle. You’re lucky I’m even taking you on the ship.” I scoff. This is ridiculous. He’s my friend, companion, and he doesn’t even trust me. “Well, you can’t stop me from going with you.” He approaches me, testing out if he can still intimidate me. “I can stop you from going all together.” “Then I’ll tell Supreme Leader Snoke.” I blurt out. This makes him notable laugh. “You’re being a child.” Shaking his head, he begins walking towards the entrance to the bridge once again. “You’re beginning to sound like General Hux.” I narrow my eyes, catching up with him once again. “I am being SIGNIFICANTLY more tolerable than him.” On cue, General Hux scurries out of the bridge entrance doors, to be face to face with Kylo. He looks relieved, exhausted. The General orders, trying to withhold his frustrations, “Commander, you are needed immediately by my troops on the bridge.” He nods, turning to me. “Do not forget your training today. Just in case any Resistance members wander onto our ship, past the guards I will be placing around you, to prevent you from fighting.” I groan. “Enjoy the fun of finding those artifacts while I’m being a great apprentice and supporting you the whole time and killing Resistance members for you and contributing greatly to the team!” Kylo turns to me one final time, looking down to me, making me feel so tiny in comparison to him. “You may want to bring a book, in case you get bored.” Before I can respond, he turns to the bridge entrance, disappearing into the room. Hux stares at me, an eyebrow raised. I spit at him, “Fuck you, asshole.” Then I leave for training. I am basically seething when I enter the training room. Captain Phasma has her helmet off, practicing some boxing on a punching bag. I clench my fists and move to the bag beside her’s and begin hurling fists. She chuckles, “Something bothering you?” I punch, my knuckles feeling raw from impact. I punch again. “Yes.” I punch harder. She flips her hair out of her face, sweat beads flying away from her. “Spill and sit-ups.” I lower myself to the ground on the mat. I just can’t wait to let it all out. I start with my back on the ground, then move up, hitting my elbows to her hands placed above my knees. “Do you ever get pissed at people thinking you can’t do something that you really want to do?” She shrugs. “Like, if someone doesn’t think you can do something that you really are pumped up to do and then they try to stop you from doing it, despite the fact that the person above them told this person they were supposed to allow me to do it.” “So, passive aggressiveness aside, Kylo Ren is not allowing you to fight when he goes to Korriban? Despite Snoke telling him that it is your duty as an apprentice?” I continue my sit-ups, despite the sudden calmness reaching my voice, “Something like that.” She shakes her head, thinking back to yesterday night. “Damn fool, I told him myself to let you fight. He came to me about you, in all honesty.” I don’t go back down after my previous sit up. “He mentioned it, but didn’t tell me anything about what was said.” She orders, “Push-ups.” I get into position and begin. She obliges the information after the first few reps, “He came to me concerned that he cared more about you than he cared about your training. He thinks he’s an unwise fit for your master. If I know anything about Kylo, it’s that he puts too much pressure on himself. Probably because others have always put too much pressure on him. His family did, the Resistance did, Snoke does and The First Order does. It’s the way it has been and it’s the way it’ll always be. He wants to be the best master he can for you, make you into the most impressive Knight of Ren. But he also wants to be the best… companion to you. He wants to protect you and see you find happiness. The two missions for him clash… a lot. The best thing you can do for Kylo is to rebel against him, and do whatever the hell you want. He needs someone to take away that pressure from him. Show him that you’re the one responsible and you’re the one choosing for once. He may not like it at first, because it’s something everyone has been too much of a pussy to do, but I think you can handle it.” As I process the information she just told me she orders, “Let’s move back to the punching bags.” I do, feeling all the anger I once had slowly drift away from me, replaced by the urge to apologize. I often sense Kylo’s confliction. I do not wish to be a contributor to his struggles. Pausing, I say to Phasma, “Thank you for telling me this.” She shrugs. “I care about the First Order more than anything. So by default I have it in my best interest to see all my troops and my Commander happy. Kylo hasn’t been even remotely relaxed and laid back in… forever, really. Until he befriended you. No pressure.” I get into boxing stance. “Yeah, I’m glad I can help somehow I suppose.” I begin throwing punches. As I lay in my bed, still sweaty and grimy from training, I stare at the comm system. I don’t know what I expect. Kylo’s probably busy. And if not, after our little disagreement today, he probably doesn’t want to talk to me. It wasn’t an argument, I don’t think. I wouldn’t consider it that. Does he though? Maybe he thinks I’m mad at him? I have to get out of bed, out of these clothes. I roll off of my sheets, stumbling forward and begin to strip down. Wincing at the smell of my clothing, I throw them into the laundry disposal in the corner of my room. Then, I make my way into the shower. I remember taking my first shower ever, when I was at Mathar’s palace. I was amazed that so much water could be stored in one building, let alone spared to be constantly flowing. Baths on my home planet were limited to merely standing outside in the rain. Sure, it wasn’t as clean as possible, but it was cheap. It was what we could afford. My mind begins to wander. What did the Resistance want with my planet? We had some good trading posts, but nothing that would invite military affairs. Maybe they were looking for someone, rather than something. But on the contrary, no one there was special. We were all poor, devoting our lives to simple tasks and work. That’s why Mathar’s men came to my planet. They knew my planet was full of people that had nothing better to do, that would do anything for money. My planet is full of future slave recruiters. Suddenly, over the water running I hear a static noise and Kylo’s voice, “(Y/N), are you in your quarters at the moment?” I almost fall as I hurl myself out of the shower. I hit the water switch off, not even rising out my hair, grabbing a towel and drying off my hand. I press the comm button in my room calmly, “Yes, I am.” “Have you… um, have you eaten dinner yet?” I lie, “No, I haven’t.” I can still taste the awful cafeteria dinner from an hour ago in my mouth. He says, a hint of anxiety in his voice, but obviously masked with causality, “If you’d like, I was about to make something. You can come to my quarters. It won’t be anything gourmet, but it’ll be slightly better than the awful food that the Finalizer cafeteria supplies.” I smile. “Yeah, sure, just let me finish this up really quick. I’ll be right over.” “Y/N,” He says my name to grasp attention, to get me to listen. “I apologize about today, earlier. I only wish to see you stay safe.” I purse my lips, “I understand. Do not worry about it.” This will be another battle for another time. Specifically tomorrow, when he tries to lock me into his ship and I refuse to listen. I find myself in Kylo’s kitchen, gazing at him while he cooks. He looks like a legitimate professional. He throws all different types of exotic grains and vegetables into a pan with some savory meat I could smell from the moment I walked into his quarters. He’s wearing black sweatpants and a black tee shirt. When he grabs the pan to flip the meat and veggies around, his bicep flexes. Amazed, I gleam, “Did Snoke teach you this stuff?” He chuckles at the thought and shakes his head, still concentrated on what he’s doing. “My mother, actually.” “Ahh...” I decide not to go more into it. He doesn’t seem uncomfortable, but I would like to keep it that way. “Well, it looks incredible. If you ever retire being a Dark Lord, you should consider opening a restaurant.” “My true calling.” He says in sarcasm, placing the pan on the stove top to turn around and face me. He smiles at the sight of me, making a warmth fill my chest. “I wouldn’t dare let my apprentice submit to the food of the cafeteria.” I get up from my stool, feeling my feet walk to him before I even tell him to. I loop my arms around his neck and stand on my tip toes. “You’re so kind, Master.” I lean in to kiss him, giving him only a quick peck before he pulls away. He smiles, holding up a finger to signal me to wait. He turns back towards the pan and stirs it with the spoon less thoughtfully, even clumsy, compared to before. Then, without warning, I’m swooped up and onto the counter. I slightly squeal, only to be cut off with the warm feeling of his lips on mine. I lean into him, feeling my way up his chest, the bare skin of his neck, and into his long, soft hair. His hands are so tight and firm around my waist, yet excruciatingly too gentle. He begins playfully planting kissing along my neck, to my shoulder to the tops of my arms. I giggle, “Am I distracting you from your cooking?” He kisses his way back up to my lips to lean away and say, “Yes, and I thank you for it infinitely.” I give him one final kiss before he releases me and turns to his cabinets, grabbing plates. He grabs two glasses in his hand, holding them by their stems in between his long fingers. “If you’d like, you can choose something to drink.” I slide off the counter and move towards the fridge. I eye an elegant clear bottle, showcasing a bubbly light yellow liquid. I grab it and ask, “What’s this?” He answers, “Champagne. A type of wine.” I go to put it back. He seems amused at my response, “You know, if you don’t down the whole bottle in one sitting, you won’t get drunk and you can actually enjoy the taste.” I shrug, closing the fridge door. “If I wake up in Hux’s bed, I’m blaming you.” He realigns his jaw. He finds the nature of the comment funny, but the concept quite frustrating. “He was so intolerable today, you have no idea.” I begin to pour the drinks for us, fascinated at the sizzling sound it makes. “You can tell me all about it over dinner.” “Would you like to eat in here? Or in the living room? If you’d like, I can set up some blankets in front of the window, so you can look out at the stars.” I raise my eyebrows, pleased by the idea. “I had no idea you were capable of being so romantic.” “You just seemed to be so fascinated by such a simple window last time.” He defends himself playfully. He sets our plates on the counter and says, “I’ll go set it up, you stay here.” With that he walks into the other room. I sigh, leaning into the counter, glancing toward the food. It looks so impressive, amazing even. So colorful and well-thought out. He returns grabbing a plate and drink. “Alright, that should be comfortable enough, I suppose.” I grab my own food and glass and follow him out. He set up some blankets and pillows, putting the outwards so I can face the window. He also placed a stack of books in-between his spot and my spot for a flat surface to put our drinks. I lower myself down, smiling at the sight of all the stars and the planets. I don’t even know where to begin. I have an amazing plate of food, an amazing view, an amazing drink and an amazing person. I decide to take a bite, nearly gasping at the taste. The mixture of textures and taste all blend in my mouth perfectly. “Oh my god, this is so good, I’m so genuinely impressed.” He crinkles his nose, shaking his head, “It’s really not impressive at all. I could teach you sometime. It’s pretty much just throwing together the right stuff in a pan and cooking it.” My eyes widen, trying to convince him, “No, seriously, I’m so legitimately turned on by how good this is, God!” I take another bite. I almost melt. He takes a bite with a smile, not quite knowing how to respond to what I said. I didn’t mean it, of course. It was just an expression. But GOD this food is good. Sometime afterward, I find myself holding the wineglass, leaning into Kylo and staring out at the galaxy. After our first glass, we decided to just bring the whole bottle in the room so we can refill at our leisure. I know I’m not drunk. But I’m not sober either. I guess somewhere inbetween. But wherever it is, it’s so goddamn relaxing. I ask, taking another sip. “What is your favorite planet you’ve ever been to?” “Ever?” “Ever.” I confirm. He ponders it, sighing while lowering his head onto mine. His thumb rubs my arm, his own arm rapped loosely around me. He’s slightly drunk too. I can tell. “There’s this wonderful place called Naboo. It’s absolutely beautiful. There’s oceans and forests and beautiful cities and farms… just everything there is so nice.” I smile. “That sounds really pretty. Homey.” He agrees, “Exactly, it’s the type of place I can see myself living, if things were different and I could just have a regular job.” I giggle. “I’m telling you, become a chef at Naboo! I have some waitress experience, I could help you out.” His drunk laugh is distinctly different than his regular one. “That’s such a silly thought, though. I would be so impatient with customers. And you deserve more glory in life than to be a waitress.” As I look out into the galaxy, I think of the possibilities. “I don’t know, I really like this job I have now. Being your apprentice is nice. Not just because I'm able to be with you, that’s great, but the fighting and training as well. I feel like I’m finally somewhere where I belong.” He nods, not laughing anymore. “I feel like you’d be a great therapist.” I nearly snort. “I’m too close-minded to be a therapist! People would try to tell me their problems and I would know nothing of what they are talking about, I barely even know what a therapist is.” “That’s why I’m going to take you so many places in the galaxy, we’re going to see so many things, and you’re going to know everything there is to know and more.” I know he’s drunk, but I process his words seriously, almost as a promise. I allow my hopes to rise. “Show me Naboo sometime.” He kisses the top of my head. “I will, darling.” I go to pour out more wine, but only get a gulp of it. I finish it off, sighing. I curl up in a blanket and move closer to him, curving my body into his perfectly. “What about your least favorite planet?” He ponders it. “There’s one planet. I never even learned it’s named. When I was shipped to the Jedi training, I was sent there, somewhere in the far off galaxy, I had no clue where. It was so small, only inhibited by the other padawans and Jedi. So secluded. I felt like I was in some cult.” “That sounds awful.” He shrugs, then insists, “You’ve asked me a bajillion questions tonight. Now it’s my turn.” “Go for it.” I half-way slur. “You’ve mentioned your mother and your brothers. What about your father?” I swallow hard. “Um,” I find whatever power the alcohol gave me to blurt out, “My mother worked as a slave to make ends meet. My father was one of her clients. I’m not sure who he was and my mother isn’t sure who he was either.” “Fuck,” Kylo says softly, rubbing my arm. “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to-” “He’s another person I wish to kill.” Kylo is silent for a moment. I use his silence to say, “I want to kill the man who did that to my mother. If she didn’t have a family, she wouldn’t have had to sacrifice as much as she did. He took any freedom she had left away from her.” Kylo begins, “I’m sure your mother thinks it was all worth it, to have you as a daughter.” I coldly, correcting him, “Thought. She thought it was all worth it.” He stills. I pull a blanket up to my chin. “Why is it that she must die and my father is off somewhere, probably rich and filthy? Fuck that.” Kylo holds me closer. “I apologize. I should not have asked, I just thought-” I assure, “No, no, no, it’s fine. Do you have any more to drink?” “Like… drink drink? As in, to get drunk?” “Yeah, I don’t know. I’m kinda down for it as long as you promise not to take advantage of me or anything.” He shakes his head, “Of course, yeah, I have Vodka, if you’d like that?” “I guess I’ll try it.” “You sure?” “HOLY SHIT!” I scream. You will not believe it! Kylo just fucking made my fucking arm move with his mind. I didn’t even move it, I tried so hard to keep it still. “Do it again!” The image of him is morphing around the room, the sound of his laughter slow, yet fast. He reaches out his hand, and sure enough my arm goes upwards. “FUCK MAN, I CAN’T BELIEVE THAT YOU CAN DO THAT!” I’m honestly astounded. It was my arm, but he was moving it. “You can do it too, try it on me!” He smiles. Damn, that’s a good ass smile. I reach out with to the force friends from my mind and tell them to move Kylo’s arm upwards. It does. I gasp. “You did that yourself, you moved it!” He shakes his head, now laughing hysterically, “I swear to God, it was all you.” I point a finger at him, the effort almost making me fall forward. “Don’t lie to me!” “Darling, I promise.” I feel my body go so far deep into the floor at the sound of his voice calling me darling. I crawl towards him, laughing into his body. “Thank you for not lying to me.” He pats my back, “No problem.” He’s just so fucking warm. And strong. And his body feels so nice against mine. I lean upwards, looking at his face. A hand goes up to caress him, feeling his stubble on my soft skin. It’s such a nice combination. I whisper, slurring heavily, “You’re reallyyy goddamn powerful.” He stiffens, intrigued by the comment. “What?” I look up into his eyes, my own eyes so bright. “You’re in charge of so many people. You can do so many things… You consume so much of me. I think about you all the time, all the things you are capable of.” “(Y/N)…” He begins. I move upwards to straddle him. “I just want to see everything you can do.” I kiss him hungrily, something I’ve been longing to do for such a long time. Since the last time I’ve kissed him. Feeling his lips against mine, is so intoxicatingly nice. I dig deeper, not caring if it’s sloppy. Adding my tongue, I explore his mouth, getting to know every part of him. He pulls away abruptly, “Woah, slow down there-” I cut him off by giving him another kiss, pulling away, and then breathing out, “We’ve already kissed before. It’s not anything new. Unless, you don’t want to.” His arms move up and down my back, “I just need to make sure you’re okay with this.” “Kylo…” I purr, my bottom lip tracing the side of his neck, up to his ear. I whisper, “Do you want to kiss me?” Obliging, he realigns his face to mine. I push myself onto him, allowing myself to devour him as he devours me. When he bites my bottom lip, I moan. I’m not embarrassed though. I’m far too drunk to care. All I know is that it feels so good. His hesitant nature before is completely gone when he places a hand on my cheek, dragging it up and into my hair. He uses his hand to bring me forward more, making our kisses even deeper. Suddenly, he’s lying on the ground and I’m on top of him, grinding myself against him. I feel how large he is under me. It’s no surprise, but something about knowing for sure now makes all lust within me grow even more. I moan as I lower myself down into his neck, biting and licking at the skin, “I want you so fucking bad right now.” “Shh…” He just says, somewhat wincingly, as if he’s in pain. I blink, stopping all movement as I look to him. “Is something wrong?” He sighs, examining the sigh of me on top of him, his hands on my hips. He rubs at my hipbones softly. Seeming almost defeated, he arises, taking me with him. He grabs the blanket we were on top of as well. I laugh as I’m carried bridal style into Kylo’s bedroom. I can’t get that much of a glimpse before my brain wanders but, everything is shiny black. I am gently laid onto his bed, a blanket going over me. I reach out my arms, expecting him to join me. I pout, “Babe…” He only gives me a small kiss on the lips before exiting, saying, “It’s late. We have much to do in the morning.” I protest, “At least lay down with me. I’m sorry, ok, I just really like you and I didn’t mean to take it too far.” Damn, I just fucked so much shit up. I didn’t mean to be too upfront. I really didn’t. I just knew it felt good and couldn’t think straight. Fuck. “I should’ve never had anything to drink, I’m so sorry, I just was caught thinking about my dad and had to get my mind off of it before I got emotional, and now I’m getting fucking emotional anyways.” I feel my mind begin to cloud, getting upset. Worried. He quickly joins me in bed, holding me. It feels better immediately, but it doesn’t stop whatever hatred and guilt I feel towards my father. It can’t. He quietly says, “It’s ok… We’ll find him. I’ll find him and you can finish the job.” I hold him tightly. “Good.” As I'm laying in his arms, I notice something. I understand something that, while sober, I was never really able to grasp. "I've never really felt happy until I met you. It's so nice to be happy." He kisses me one last time before I fall asleep. It's such a gentle and slow kiss, one that is meant more for it's meaning than it's feeling. "It is." Notes: a little fluff before the storm. idk why im so obsessed with reader getting drunk lmao shes just trying to try new things and get by, yanno? also kylo being a good ass cook is canon im not accepting anything else. i used to update every 3-4 days, but now as I get further in the story, i want to make sure my stuff is a little better quality. idk, i took forever on this chapter cause i couldn't write anything that i thought was good, but hopefully, next time if i take more time and put less pressure on myself i can make something that is a lot more story based. reader and kylo going to korriban will include that. i've recently got back into SWTOR, so playing that has inspired some ideas. bless up, kiddos <3 thanks for reading!!! Chapter 13 : The Korriban Artifact Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The stormtroopers push into me as they board Kylo’s ship. I give them a look, but they don’t even notice, nor care. Kylo’s not around and my mask is by my side, so they aren’t intimidated by me at all. Another one bumps into me and I whip my head around, sick of it. “Watch where you’re going.” I sneer. The man, who is significantly taller and older, than me looks down and laughs. Then he proceeds to go to join the other soldiers. “Whatever, kid.” I scoff, putting my mask on. I feel like such a child in comparison to all these people. They’re sitting on benches lined against the walls, all talking and laughing. They all seem so close to one another. I wonder why they would form such friendships when they are aware their friend could easily die. Maybe they’re desensitized to it. I don’t know. Suddenly they all still, immediately standing to their feet and saluting. At me. I freeze, conflicted. But before I know it, Kylo walks out from behind me, his presence filling up the room. His voice billows so powerfully in the small space, “I assume you all have read over the mission details I sent to each of your holopads. If you neglected this task, do not be surprised if you cannot meet the requirements to defeat any wild beasts we encounter, or if you get in the way of me acquiring this artifact. Either way, you’ll end up dead.” He walks down the aisle, staring each one of them down. “Captain Phasma spoke to me, saying some of you have recent demerits. You know who you are and you will not be coming with me and your peers to the caves. I have a separate job for you on the ship. Let it be a lesson that you only deserve to fight if you follow the instructions of your higher ranks.” Great. Their punishment is to babysit me. Love it. With that, Kylo goes into our room. He waves me, his hand over his shoulder, to follow him. I do. When we’re in the cockpit, he tasks his mask off. Whatever intimidation he had with the stormtroopers disappears, and I only see a guy who’s my friend, my companion. I leave my mask on, staring. I wonder how it feels for him to have the tables turned for once. He turns away and begins to pilot the ship into lift off. He asks, pulling a lever, “You aren’t mad at me for making you stay in the ship, are you?” I shrug, leaning back. “I thought I informed you that I was coming with you.” He focuses hard on guiding the ship out of Starkiller’s bay. When we’re far enough into space where he can set the gears into hyperdrive, he sighs. “You are still wounded. You are ill-prepared. You are hungover. No.” I laugh, “I’m not hungover, I barely was drunk last night.” He raises an eyebrow. I reach up, taking off my own mask. I hope he sees how serious I am about this, how much I want to fight with him. “Listen, I can do it. I am going to do it. If it were anyone else, you would let them.” “If it were anyone else, I wouldn’t give a shit if they died.” He snaps. I don’t respond. My teeth gnaw at the inside of my cheek. He says softer, bringing a hand into his hair. “I care about you, that’s why I am not letting you go. Finding this artifact is very important to me. You’d only get in the way.” I still can’t think of anything to say, any arguments. “I mean that in the best possible way.” He leans over, across his seat, reaching a hand up to caress my face. I shudder at the smoothness of his thumb on my cheekbone. He leans forward, bringing his lips to mine, softly. He pulls away so he can look me in the eyes when he says, “I’ll go get the artifact, be back in a few hours, then you can come over again to my quarters and we can do whatever you wish. I will personally request any food you ask for, any games, any films, anything. All for you. You have the whole entire galaxy at your fingertips.” Deep down, I know he realizes that I don’t give a shit about any of that stuff. I just want to fight. But in order to keep the peace, I nod and lean forward, giving him a kiss. It was a nice try, I suppose. I stare out the window, marveling at the sight of Korriban. I’ve never been anywhere quite like it. Far away, it looked like a clay ball, but here it’s a red desert. “Have you been here before?” I ask. Kylo shakes his head, looking for a good place to land. The place is cluttered with rocks and old, broken and ancient statues. The statues show men in robes. “Luke Skywalker lied about this place existing. He completely wiped all our data systems of its location and existence. There has to be so many things here that he didn’t want me to find. Things that could make me stronger than him.” There’s a tone in his voice that leaves me slightly uncomfortable. Not quite afraid. But able to see the potential of being afraid if he took it up just a few notches. I scold myself. Luke Skywalker brainwashed Kylo into believing in the Light Side being superior. Luke hide things from Kylo. I shouldn’t blame Kylo for wanting to overpower the man. I respond, “There has to be so much here, then. He wouldn’t have gone to that trouble if it weren’t a big deal.” Kylo agrees, landing the ship with a small grin, “Exactly! I mean, this place is an ancient burial ground for Sith Lords. It used to be the home of many Sith in training, there has to be so much here for us to learn from.” I smile at the word choice of “us.” As I examine how important this is to him, I feel guilt tug at the back of my mind. Part of me says that I should listen to him and stay in the ship. Not get in the way of things. But then again, I feel the need to prove myself. Once that he can see how capable I am, he’ll let me come more often. This isn’t just about him. It’s about me too. He won’t ever feel ready to bring me on missions. I have to prove that I am. Take Phasma’s advice and make the rules for him. He lands and then reaches over to grab his mask, putting it on. “I’ll be back before you know it.” I frown, grabbing my own mask. I plead one final time, “I’m coming with you.” He crosses his arms. It’s so easy to forget how intimidating he is in his mask, with his low voice. “You are to stay on this ship. If you try anything, there will be consequences.” I feel my eyes widen in shock. “Consequences?” He nods. “Sexually?” I gasp. He stammers, “What? No, I meant-” I defend, “You just said it kind of suggestively.” “I said it normally!” “What are the consequences going to be?” I ask. Stammering even more aggressively, he responds, “I don’t know! I’ll make something up!” I scoff, “What are you gonna do, kill me? Torture me?” “No, I-” “I can’t think of any other punishments that aren’t sexual!” He decides to not respond and exit the room with a huff. Kylo assembles all of his troops, beginning to leave the ship, onto the dusty red planet. There’s three troops left sitting in their seats, heads turned to Kylo, wondering desperately what their mission here with me is. They are just too afraid to ask. Kylo orders, pointing at me, “Make sure she doesn’t leave this ship. If she does, I will see to each one of your deaths immediately.” With that, the turns on his heel and leaves the ship, closing the large ramp behind him. I sigh, looking towards the troopers. “I’m going to need one of your holopads.” They just stare at me. “Now!” I demand, the voice from my mask more intense than I expect. They all scurry to grab their holopads from under their seats. I snatch the holopads from the stormtrooper closet to me, examining it. I turn it on and go to a file labeled “Korriban – Commander Kylo Ren.” I open it to find coordinates of the cave Kylo is heading to, and a profile on each creature we could potentially encounter. They’re all large lizards of different colors and species. They go by the names of Hssiss and Tuk’ata. They’re ugly, neon green and blue colors. But I feel like I could manage defeating them. I look up to the stormtroopers. Especially with them to aide me. I stand up straight, grabbing my lightsaber from my belt. “Let’s go.” I reach up to the hatch of the ship, opening the ramp. No one moves. One says, “Kylo Ren ordered us to keep you here.” I roll my eyes, glaring at him. “I am in charge right now. I am your superior. And I tell you to follow me.” He pulls out his gun. He threatens, “Close the door and return to the ship.” I laugh. My arm outstretches. I don’t have to hold back. I can show him who’s in charge. I can make them listen to me. I squeeze on the man’s throat with the help of the force, enclosing his breathing tubes. “I’ll kill you much more painfully than Kylo will if you disobey. Kylo will kill you in a fit of rage.” I squeeze tighter. He gurgles. I say softly, “I am much more patient. I can take my time.” I lift him up, off of the ground. His feet begin to frail, kicking. “Fi-fine!” He manages through his last gasp of breath. I drop him to the ground, looking down at his attempts to regain his breath. “Well, come along then.” The other two immediately shuffle forward, joining me at my side. The one I choked catches up when he can. Then I close up the ship. I look down at the holopads and then back up to the clay-red ground. There’s formations of rock everywhere, reminds me of a canyon almost. I look across the horizon to see nothing. No sign of Kylo or his troopers. They got a decent amount of a head start. I follow the coordinates on the holopad, hoping that I’ll eventually catch up to Kylo, but the scattered rocks and hills make it hard to see the horizon of the planet. For all I know, he could be just above this hill. I slow down slightly. If he catches me now, he’ll just walk me back to the ship. I have to reveal myself whenever it’s too inconvenient for him to turn around with me. Finally, we come to a cavern opening. Around the area are fallen formations of buildings, all with surprisingly delicate designs. I hand the holopad back to a stormtrooper so I can grab my lightsaber. My thumb ghosts over the switch as I enter the dark cavern. The Force gives me a warning that danger is near. I look back to the troopers and order, “Stay ready.” We enter, with the assistance of flashlights strapped to the troopers’ guns. The cave is so quiet, sounding hallow and empty. I pray to the stars this is the right place. But when as we go further into the cave, I smell burning flesh and I am met with the sight of a Tuk’ata. It’s blue, scaly skin is covered in slash marks, almost completely slicing it in half. I stare down at its iris, still opened wide with fear. Slowly, carefully, I step over it. “Kylo was here.” I announce, leading my troops forward. The quietness of the cave is quite haunting. The Force is still buzzing at me, warning me, but I cannot hear anything even slightly suspicious. Suddenly, right on cue, I hear a scatter of nails against stone. Immediately, I ignite my lightsaber. The stormtroopers behind me shine their lights around the cave, but we don’t see anything. I exhale, pushing forward, walking further down the cavern. Then, out of the darkness, a tuk’ata runs forward, straight towards me. I plunge my saber into its path, right down the middle of its face into its body. The saber slices through the beast’s skin until it falls to the ground, laying open with its guts exposed. It’s a terrible feat to not gag. I focus on walking forward. We don’t get too far until we hear a gunshot, echoing throughout the cave. I freeze, observing it. Thoughts of worry fill my head. I can’t help but hope Kylo is alright. I know he is. But the possibility of losing him overcomes my mind. Maybe this feeling is what the Force was warning me about. But when I hear a second gunshot, followed by a million others, the stress consumes me. I keep my lightsaber ignited as I run forward, ordering the troops behind me, “Come on!” With each pace, the sound of the blasters get louder, more desperate. I can even begin to make out the sound of Kylo’s lightsaber, crackling and whooshing. It makes me sprint harder. Suddenly, I see in the distance the sight of blaster’s bullets going into Tuk’atas. They look so vicious, hungry, as if they haven’t seen a soul for decades. Kylo whips his head around and I hear him yell, “GODDAMNIT, (Y/N)!” I rush forward, slicing at each tuk’ata with ease. I let any anxiety or fear fuel me and my movements. The Force allows me to attack in an elegant way, guiding each slash into the next one, until I’m met with silence and the sight of dozen tuk’ata bodies. I sigh, approaching Kylo. I flip my lightsaber off, but keep it in my hand. “Off to find that artifact!” I say with enthusiasm. The excitement in my voice contradicts with the modulator on my mask, but I don’t mind. I think my point is across. I walk deeper into the cave, leaving a seething Kylo and amused squadron of stormtroopers behind me. Kylo is the first one to come after me, stomping forward. “What the hell do you think you’re doing, I gave you specific orders to stay put!” I look straight forward, a smirk forming on my face. “I’ll be anticipating my punishment, Master.” He clenches his fists, speaking with a lower tone so the troopers cannot hear, “You’re taking advantage of our situation. How am I supposed to be your Master, your authority, when you are protected by the fact that you’re my girlfriend?” “How am I supposed to be your apprentice when you’re too much of a caring boyfriend to put me into combat?” He grunts, speeding past me. I catch up to him, walking by his side. He sneers, “Stay back with the troopers and let me lead.” A tuk’ata sprints from an opening in the wall of the cave straight towards me. I use the Force to throw it upwards while Kylo ignites his lightsaber to slice it in half. I plead, “I can help you. You just need to let me.” He looks away, continuing further into the cave. We walk for what seems like forever until we come to a large opening. The room is large, only with a spiral stairway to a podium. Kylo holds up a hand, as a signal to the troopers. They all stay in place. Despite my eagerness to walk by Kylo’s side a moment ago, I find myself behind him, afraid of what we’ll find. This room is what the Force has been warning me about. For a moment, I don’t blame Luke Skywalker for trying to pretend this place didn’t exist. I don’t tell Kylo that, though. As we approach the top of the stair case my breath gets quicker, hoping, praying that whatever awaits us is safe. We find a glowing purple cube lying in the middle of the podium. I say, hesitantly, “This feels weird, Master.” Kylo says softly, “It’s like it is almost staged.” Suddenly, the room begins to shake and the cube glows, illuminating the area around us. Kylo lunges forward, grabbing it. He gives out an exasperated, “Go!” I dart down the stairs as the room begins to shake more and more, Kylo running behind me holding the artifact. The walls of the room are crumbling around us, a roaring noise infiltrating the air. I run faster, too afraid to look at what it is. I hear the sound of stormtroopers blasting away at a common enemy. I just focus on running down these stairs as quickly as I can. We’re still at a dangerously tall height when Kylo jumps down from behind me. The ground thumps violently at the force he uses to land and I almost lose my footing. I hear the blood curdling scream of a stormtrooper, followed by the roar of a beast. Maybe I should’ve stayed back in the ship. Finally, my feet reach the ground and I’m met face to face with the glare of a giant monster. It’s like the tuk’atas, but so much larger. The size of a small ship, even. It stomps towards me and I fumble for the switch on my lightsaber. I don’t know how to attack it, by the time it’s in my range, it could’ve devoured me. I panic and decide to throw my lightsaber at it, using the force to guide it quickly through the air, onto the monster’s face, then back into my hand. The monster squeals in pain and I discover a new-found confidence in my skill. I stand my ground, holding my lightsaber in position to strike. Suddenly, it hurls, forward, angry. Before I can react, a large gust of air pushes the monster back into the crumbling wall of the cave. It’s squirms to get up, but Kylo emerges beside me from the dust of the falling rocks, his hand outstretched and concentrated. The monster gargles, choking on air itself. Foam begins to form from it’s mouth and it’s body relaxes, growing limp. I look towards Kylo in amazement. He motions, turning on his heel. “Let’s go before there’s more.” Back on the ship, everyone’s exhausted. Stormtroopers are taking their helmets off and panting into their laps. We pretty much ran the whole way back here. Countless small tuk’atas were chasing us. Kylo and I fended them off while the troopers took the artifact back to the ship. The artifact is placed in a safe compartment in the bottom of the ship. It still faintly glows. Looking at it, I get an anxious feeling. I know, deep down, I haven’t seen the last of it in my life. I sigh, bringing my hands up to my mask and pulling it off, my hair falling in front of my face. I flip it out of the way and I hear a trooper whistle. I roll my eyes, subconsciously awaiting for Kylo to finish whatever it is he’s doing outside. As I’m leaning against the wall, arms crossed, a trooper approaches me. He smiles, holding out a hand outstretched. He has an unkept scruffy look about him, tanned, damaged skin. But really white teeth, I notice. “Name’s Officer Edis.” He says, his voice scratchy. I raise my eyebrow, almost to ask him the point of introducing himself. “Apprentice (Y/N).” I shake his hand. He holds on longer than I expect. “Look, I just want to say on behalf of all these guys, we’re impressed by how you fought back there. None of us should’ve doubted you.” I force a smile at him. Over his shoulder I see two troopers looking at us, whispering. When I make eye contact with one, he winks. I immediately look away and respond to Edis, “Thank you. Your appreciation is noted.” He nods, giving off a smirk in response to my forced friendly smile. He leans forward, placing a hand above my head against the wall. “It’s not too often someone so beautiful can be so aggressive in combat.” I freeze, a sense of discomfort overcoming me. I want these people’s respect, but I don’t wish to be flirted with. I frown. In that exact moment, Kylo is back on the ship, making eye contact directly with me, then looking towards the man leaning in close to me. Suddenly, Officer Edis is thrown across the room, hitting the wall roughly. It’s not enough to hurt him, but enough for Kylo to get his message across. Kylo growls into his mask, “That’s 50 demerit points.” The man gapes at Kylo, about to protest, but then is reminded that this man threw him across the ship with a mere movement of his fingers. Kylo doesn’t even give him a second glance as he walks into the next room. I just scoff at the man on the ground, then follow Kylo. Kylo throws his helmet over to the side when we walk in. He immediately goes to the cockpit and sits in the main chair, readying for lift off. I smile, sitting down next to him. “You were amazing today.” He still stares straight ahead, focusing on the controls. “How was bonding with that officer?” I snort. “He came onto me!” “You didn’t stop him.” He says silently, watching the ground below us begin to grow distant as we float upward. I roll my eyes, leaning back into my chair. “I didn’t realize that was his intention until he started flirting.” “What did he say?” I swallow. “Something about how I did well in combat, yet looked good or whatever, I don’t know. Why does it even matter?” “Do you hear their minds? Do you hear what they think about you?” He says, a little bit more direct to me now. I bite my lip. “I don’t read any of their minds. You probably shouldn’t either if you’re getting so upset about it.” He runs a hand into his hair. “I can’t fucking help it, (Y/N). They’re so loud and I can’t turn it off.” I reach over to him, grabbing his thigh. I say gently, in support, “I’m sorry… I didn’t know.” He clenches a fist, not responding to my touch. “And it’s all about you, their thoughts. I hear them thinking about ways they could get you alone, how to approach you. And they probably will find a way to talk to you when I’m not around. And then you’ll find that being with them is a lot less complicated than whatever shit this is…” I frown. My hand is drawn back to my own lap. Is that the way he views our relationship? Complicated shit? Is this just some sort of burden on him? Something that gets in the way of his training with Snoke? I curse at him under my breath and retreat back to the ship’s quarters, finding myself taking off my boots. I strip down to my jumper underarmor and curl up under the blankets of my bed. Kylo comes to my side only moments later, once the ship is autopilot. He sits on the side of the bed as I lay down, my head into the pillow. I say in exhaustion, “I know I’m not an overly sensitive person, but you saying that pissed me off.” He says quietly, shamefully, “I didn’t mean for it to sound so harsh.” Anger begins to course through me, mixed with confusion. “You need to realize that this, you, everything that has been going on between us, master and apprentice, or boyfriend and girlfriend: all of it has been the best thing that’s ever happened to me. And I know that isn’t saying much because I’ve had a shitty sheltered life, but it sucks to know that the best that’s happened to me is one of the worst things that’s happened to you.” He lays down next to me. Quickly, he caresses my face, so gently as if he’s afraid to hurt me. “Please don’t say that, you’re by far the best thing in my life. By far.” I turn away, leaving his hand distanced from my face. “I feel like you’d be so much better off if I was just your apprentice. You wouldn’t have to deal with these extra emotions. You wouldn’t have to be worried about me. You would advance in your training further.” He reaches out to brush his fingers against my arm, but decides better of it, retreating his hand. He says lowly, “Whenever you have these thoughts, you are allowed to read my mind. You can see for yourself that it’s not what you think.” I shake my head. “That isn’t fair to you… I’m sorry, I should just be able to trust you.” “It’s ok.” He nuzzles his head into the crook of my neck, almost as a gesture to ask for permission to hold me, for us to cuddle. A small smile reaches my expression as I oblige. “You really did do amazing today.” “You did to,” He responds, his voice muffled by talking into my skin. He tilts his chin upwards to speak into my ear, “You never cease to amaze me. Even if you pissed me off by disobeying my direct orders.” I turn my head to kiss him on his cheek. He sighs, reaching up to his uniform. He tosses the cowl off and over to his bed. Beginning to strip down his robes, he realizes it would be easier if he were standing, so he gets up. He asks me while pulling off each layer, facing the other way, “Do you want a tee shirt or something? It’s kinda hot in this ship to be in that jumper.” I shrug. “Yeah, that’d be nice.” He takes off his last part of upper body armor, his bare back being revealed to me. I find myself staring as he reaches into a compartment for the tee shirts. The muscles on his back are so well defined. His skin looks so smooth. I imagine how he would feel under my fingertips. I wonder how the front of him looks right now. He pulls the shirt on, over his head, covering himself. As he moves, I feel mesmerized. His body looks so artistically crafted. He reaches for another shirt and throws it over to me. “Thanks,” I say, too quietly. I unzip the jumper and slide out of it, exposed as I’m lying on the bed. I’m only in my bra and underwear at the moment, and even though I don’t dare look at Kylo, I can feel him glancing at my body, like I was at his just a moment ago. I pull the shirt over me, wrapping my arms around myself insecurely, and then kicking the jumper off of the bed. I scoot over, making room for Kylo. He lays next to me in his favorite position; his arms around my waist, head on my chest. I sense that he likes it when I rub his scalp with my fingernails, weaving his hair around my fingers. So I do that. He says softly, anxiety evident in his tone, “What did Snoke talk to you about when I left his throne room?” I feel my breath hitch, reminded of the conversation. I haven’t given Snoke a report on what Kylo’s been talking to me about yet, if he has mentioned any of his past. But I’m supposed to as soon as we get back to The Finalizer. I don’t really know what I’ll tell him. So far Kylo told me about his mother teaching him how to cook, how much he hated the planet he trained with the Jedi on, and some other small clues about his past. Nothing too insane, but those were words that were meant to be said to me. I don’t want to share them with Snoke. Perhaps I’ll tell Snoke about how often Kylo ridicules Luke Skywalker. That seems safe. I open my mouth to talk to Kylo about it, but quickly shut it. Snoke specifically said not to tell Kylo. I exhale. “It really wasn’t anything too interesting.” Kylo’s stress intensifies. “I think I have a right to know.” I lick my lips, “I have it under control, I promise. You have nothing to worry about.” He just looks at me hesitantly. Like he's trying to give me a silent warning. "Just be careful." I am confused by the warning. He's supposed to trust Snoke wholeheartedly. I'm supposed to trust Snoke wholeheartedly. I say, testing his feeling on the subject, "We must have confidence in Supreme Leader Snoke's plan." When Kylo frowns at the comment, I second guess everything. I realize in that moment that every decision, every tiny little part of my life, has been based on what Snoke has ordered me to do, whether that's through Kylo's orders or orders given by himself. I assure myself that I can trust Snoke. Snoke saved me from my old life. Without Snoke, I truly have nothing. No home, no food, no Kylo Ren. The realization of how dependent I am on Snoke dawns upon me. I'm sure it wasn't intentional, for my life to be so controlled by him. That's just the way things worked out. I curl into Kylo once again, the air around us uneasy, filled with our mixing anxieties. Kylo responds, finally, "You're right. We must trust him." But in those words, I find doubt. Doubt that Kylo trusts Snoke and doubt that I trust Snoke. Notes: ok- so i uploaded a 10,000 word version of this chapter and decided that it was wayyy too much and i needed to chill. cut it down to around 5,000 words i think, which is a LOT more managable. some of you guys probably got to read the full version, the stuff that's coming up in the next chapter. sorry about that. i guess u got a sneak peak! i wasn't gonna originally change it but it would bug me to no end if i didnt idk either way i hope u guys enjoyed it! thanks again for all the kudos and comments and bookmarks it makes me so happy. it's just a really nice reassurance to know that someone else is reading this other than myself <3 bless! Chapter 14 : There Is Only Passion... Notes: NOTICE: if you were one of the first people to read last chapter, like within the first two hours it was up, u might wanna go skim over it towards the end. made a small revision that i feel like really helped the set up of this chapter and the progression of the story in general. i know its super shitty for me to upload it and then change it, but trust me, if it wasn't necessary i wouldn't have done it! sorry about that again! hope u enjoy this chapter! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Kylo Ren and I sit in the conference room next to each other. We’re both equally bored. Equally disinterested. We are joined by General Hux, Captian Phasma, and Officer Ales, the woman who gave me pain relievers after my soon-to-be evil space boyfriend force choked me. There’s a few other officers and troopers I don’t know, as well. Phasma sits with her helmet off, buffing out any scratches or smudges in her armor. Hux is just now getting himself situated, placing the files across the table for reference. Officer Ales and Captain Phasma look over the files carefully, but Kylo and I don’t really give them any second thought. We don’t need to. Hux says, hands behind his back, “Alright.” He clears his throat. This is going to be a long afternoon. “Now that we have recovered that ancient artifact, we can get down to business. It is vital that we know activate this with no complications, so I’ve gathered you all, the First Order’s finest.” Kylo rolls his head in boredom. I sense that he’s antsy to get back to his room and relax. We just got back from Korriban and now we have to sit through this. As General Hux still banters on about how important this mission is, I look at him. He makes eye contact with me for a minute then looks down. He’s thinking about my mask, how much it reminds him of Kylo’s, even though they don’t look too much alike. He's also thinking about if I was serious about wanting to fuck Kylo Ren, after that comment I made to him at the Pusha Negotiations. I contain a scoff. He concludes that Kylo Ren would never want that for himself. He’s always turned down the finest women. General Hux imagines Kylo would be awful in bed, awkward and detached. The General notices my stare at him, realizing I’m reading his mind. Immediately he says in order to divert his thoughts. “This artifact contains information about a weapon. One that succeeds the power of the Death Star’s, one that is vital to the First Order reign…” I feel Kylo’s gloved hand grab at my thigh from under the table, away from anyone’s view. At first I’m surprised, but I relax into his comforting touch. He must sense my boredom. He gives my skin a slight squeeze and begins rubbing down my leg to my knee. I sigh, the modulator picking it up a little louder than I expected. Hux’s eyes dart toward mine and he stops in the middle of his sentence. Kylo’s hand freezes. Hux sneers, “Are you paying any attention to what I’m saying, (Y/N)?” I roll my eyes. “Of course General, you wouldn’t have me any other way.” “As I was saying,” He continues on. “Our plans for Starkiller base heavily rely on activating this artifact. Traveling to Kamino is our next step of action.” “Kamino?” I freeze at the mention of the planet. “Yes…” Hux says, curious as to why I interrupted the meeting for the revelation. I begin, “Why must we go there?” “The planet contains the device that opens the artifact, I was about that get to that. If you would just let me-” Kylo interrupts this time, his voice concerned, “Why? What’s on Kamino?” I explain, lowering my voice so that it’s more directed toward Kylo than anyone else. “It’s my home planet.” General Hux says, “I hope your personal affairs will not get in the way of your mission then.” I look forward, biting my lip. I wonder if there’s anything to recover from my family’s home. Anything the Resistance didn’t destroy. Kylo’s mind reaches out to mine, offering comfort. I appreciate it, really. I allow him into the first layer of my mind, his compassion seeping into my thoughts. I honestly just want to leave here and go lay down with him, talk to him, or something. It’s not that I’m upset or anything. This meeting is just making me a weird combination of anxious and bored. I focus on tapping into Kylo’s thoughts. He’s so ready to get out of here, to go be with me as well. I smile, blushing. He looks towards me, gazing down my uniform. I can feel his want to grab me, holding me close. He wants to rip off my mask and run his fingers against my soft features. I shudder at how this all feels, to be sent images of what he wants to do into my own mind. There’s feelings an underlying feeling of lust, I sense. One that he is trying to hide, pulling the emotions of compassion over them, but I dig deeper. I try to beg him to let me see. He stiffens, looking away from me, assuming that too much staring would be suspicious to Hux or any other on-lookers. But he allows me into his mind as he pushes further into mine. I find his mind telling him to completely leave this god-forsaken conference with me and go into the first place we can find privacy. His mind is telling his hands to grab me, peeling off each layer of clothing one by one. His mind is telling himself that sitting here, wanting me so badly and unable to relieve himself of the growing feeling of lust, is absolute torture. I allow him to see what I’m thinking. How I want to run my hands down the length of his body. How I want to hear his voice against my ear, commanding me however he wishes. He rubs down his thigh at the sound of that one. I smirk lightly, reaching under the table to lightly ghost my fingers over his knee. He has to concentrate to stay completely still. I slowly drag my fingers upwards to his thigh. His thoughts are buzzing like crazy now, urging for me to go higher, to grab him more tightly instead of so excruciatingly gently. Suddenly, I feel the Force push my hand down, into his leg. It forces my fingers to curve to fit the inside of his thigh. My smirk grows wider at his need, his want for me. Slowly, I retreat my hand from him to my own lap. He crosses his arms, taking a deep breath. His mind begins to think of the quickest way back to his quarters. Can he even make it that long? The elevator ride will be excruciating for him, he ponders. Suddenly Hux’s voice cuts through the connection of Kylo and I, “I will be hoping all is ready by this weekend for us to leave. Please continually go through your mission file so that you are prepared. I expect nothing but the most impressive from all of you.” Kylo takes that as a permission to leave. He stands immediately, turning on his heel to go out the door. I follow him, quickening my step to catch up, but I am interrupted. Officer Ales reaches out to me, “Hey, how was Korriban?” I smile, despite the fact she cannot see the friendly gesture. “It was good! I’m happy about how the mission went!” I glance towards Kylo, standing at the doorway, urging me to leave with him. He rolls his neck. Ales says, “Good! I’ve heard really good things about you, how you fought, around the base.” I smirk, still glaring at Kylo. “Really? What’d they say?” Kylo resists the urge to punch something. She begins, “Some said that you were so fearless and brave! We all come from pretty wealthy beginnings at the First Order, so it’s refreshing to see such an inspiring story as your own!” I bow, lightly. “I’m honored, really. I cannot wait to begin working with you on this mission.” “Me either, m’lady!” I look down at her case file, still feeling Kylo impatiently squirming by the exit. I say, “Honestly, I find this whole mission file thing intimidating on my own. Would you like to go over it sometime with me?” “Of course, I will be in touch on my Comm system.” Kylo billows, “Apprentice.” I give Ales a small wave. “I’m coming, Master.” I walk out, following Kylo out of the room. He says lowly, “Do you have it in your best interest to see me suffer?” I’m amused by how much impact I have on him, on his composure. I keep my voice still elevated, not afraid of what anyone hears. Without context, it doesn’t sound suspicious. “Of course not, Master. I only wish to satisfy your needs.” He scoffs, entering the elevator. We’re alone, waiting for the door to close. I feel Kylo’s anticipation for when it does. Which is exactly why when I see Hux coming down the hall, towards the elevator, I reach out to hold it open. Kylo seethes, “Fuck. You.” I giggle, Hux quickening his step to join us. When he’s inside, the awkward tension rises. Kylo’s standing, clenching fists, trying to contain everything is body is begging him to do. Hux swallows with unease, still wondering about my relationship with Kylo, convincing himself it’s not a thing. He snaps, “Ren, will you please tell your apprentice to stop trying to invade my mind?” He lets out a huff. “Never has anyone aboard the Finalizer had such lack of self-control.” I glance towards a helpless Kylo standing behind me. “I beg to differ. Wouldn’t you say so, Master?” Kylo freezes. Trying not to sound phased, he responds to Hux, “I have been working on teaching her how to maintain obedience to her authorities.” Hux almost laughs at the idea. “Well, you may want to change your teaching methods because she’s been the most disrespectful girl to have ever set foot on this ship.” “Her disrespect will not go unnoticed.” Kylo seethes. I find myself beaming at the conversation, so fucking ready for shit to hit the fan between them. Suddenly, the elevator opens and Kylo pushes Hux away, walking down the hallway quickly. I follow him, more relaxed and wave back to Hux, “I appreciate your concern in my training, General.” Hux watches as I enter Kylo’s quarter’s behind a rushed Kylo. As the door behind me shuts, Kylo rips his helmet off and drops it to the ground, not caring about the loud noise it creates. Before I can take my helmet off, he takes it off for me, throwing it beside his own. Before I can make a snarky comment on his impatience, my lips are met with his. Off the bat I notice how desperate, how hungry he is. His hands begin to hold my head in place, keeping it still so that he can kiss me exactly how he intends. I have no control over the kiss, over his movements. And that fact makes me want control even more. I reach my arms around his neck, pushing him deeper into the kiss until our tongues are battling eachother for dominance. His hands that were once holding my head are now dragging downwards, from my waist to my hips to my thighs. He lightly squeezes above the inside of my knee and my legs go upwards, wrapping around his body. He sighs as his hands hold my thighs, carrying me. It’s odd, because from this angle I’m taller than him. I have to lean down to him to kiss him and he has to look up towards me. Kylo walks to the window, until my back is completely pressed against the glass. I whimper lightly as he uses the window to the space landscape to keep me still as he grinds against me. I can feel his erection through his robes, already completely hard. The broadness of his shoulders, his arms, everything is so large against me. It’s overpowering. He starts kissing my neck, biting violently and pulling at my skin. I throw my head back and my hands immediately go to his cowl, unwrapping it from his body and throwing it across the room. He stops to assist me in removing his robes, but I beg in a helpless voice, “Keep kissing me.” It’s so frustrating that we have to wear this many goddamn layers. He growls, digging his head back into my neck as he moves faster against me, mouth pressed into my skin. But eventually, I can’t get any more of his clothing off. It’s far too complicated and we’re too close for me to move the articles away from his body. He carries me away from the wall and into his bedroom. From there, he lays me down on the bed. His bedroom is very regal, his sheets made of black silk. He has a few books beside his bed, and a lamp at his bedside. But other than that and a closet, the room is empty. He starts removing his clothing, haphazardly, ripping off the robes one by one. I begin to undo my own but he orders, “Don’t. I want to do it.” I freeze, complying. The urgency in his voice leaves me feeling myself filled with an overall warmness. I watch in wonder as he kicks off his boots, then reaches up to remove his last layer of upper body armor. His bare chest is looming above me. I stare at the muscles that wrap around him. Even though he’s no longer in armor, he seems even larger now than he was before. His skin looks so smooth. My fingers twitch at the anticipation to touch him. Now, only in his trousers, he reaches forward, bringing a hand to caress my face. Before I can reach out to him, he moves down my robes, beginning to unravel them, one by one. He suddenly seems so patient, letting the anticipation boil up inside of him, inside of me. I still find myself completely out of breath from kissing him, his body grinding into mine. I try desperately to regain any type of constant breathing pattern. He leans forward, kissing me on the lips lightly, almost an encouragement that I can calm down. But I really don’t want to calm down. I’m left in only the jumpsuit of under armor. His fingers ghost over the zipper track as he finds his way up to the zipper. He climbs ontop of the bed with me so that he’s looming over top of me. I use my elbows to keep myself propped up as he sits on his knees in between my legs. He pulls down on the zipper, slowly, as if to prepare himself. As he pulls down, revealing my cleavage, he lets out a heavy breath, bowing his head down into me to kiss along my collarbone and down to the bare skin between my breasts, not covered by my bra. His hands go up, cupping my breasts from outside the jumpsuit. I look downwards, his exposed back muscles contracting and moving as he moves further down my chest. He presses against my breast with his palm, kissing any skin that is exposed out of my jumper. I sit up so that I can pull my arms out of sleeves of my jumper. I adjust my bra so that it’s covering more of me. Slowly, I pull down the tight jumper to reveal the top half of my body. When it’s down to my waist, Kylo grabs it and pulls it over my hips, and legs. The further it goes down, the more he has to stare at, quietly observing. I lay down, putting my forearms over my chest. I’m left completely naked in front of him, other than my bra and underwear. He moves up, dragging his hand from my thigh to my waist. I so badly want to touch him, but I can’t find the confidence within myself to expose my chest. I didn’t even realize it was an insecurity of mine. “Is this okay?” Kylo asks, his voice painfully gentle. I nod. He dips his head downward to my cheek and drags his nose back, until his mouth his against my ear. “Let me see you.” I let out a breath I didn’t even realize I was holding in as I bring my arms downward, to my sides. He pushes my hair back, out of the way so I’m completely open to him. He reaches to my back and undoes the clamp holding my bra together. He slides the garment off of me and tosses it to the side, the air cold air hitting the newly exposed skin. I try not to noticeably tremble. I’ve never experienced being this open, this vulnerable with someone. Sure, there was Hux, but I didn’t care about how he thought of me. I read his mind the whole time, knowing how turned on he was. But with Kylo, I have a promise to keep out of his mind unless he lets me in. What if he’s disappointed in what he sees? If I didn’t live up to expectation? Kylo sits up, looking down at me almost like he’s studying me. His fingers begin to trace against my ribs, then stomach then back upwards to the curve of my breast, then lightly against my nipple. His hand falls on my neck, thumb rubbing against its hollows. He almost looks exasperated when he mumbles, “I’ve never seen anything so beautiful…” The words give me the confidence to pull him down to a kiss. His bare chest against mine feels so warm and safe. His skin is so smooth, yet strong, as I rub my hands down his back, feeling each and every curve of muscle. I wrap my legs around him, urging him closer. He pauses kissing me to pull away and look deeply into my eyes. The brown of his irises look so rich, so warm with desire and lust. He says words that seem so dominate but sound so gentle, “Do you want me?” I swallow, nodding quickly. Immediately, he pulls completely away so that he can slide out of his trousers. I sit up, staring at his legs, then up to his black boxers that cling perfectly to him. My eyes seem glued to the large bulge in his boxers. I exhale sharply. Kylo comes back down to me, kissing me again. I bring my hands into his hair, returning the gesture with passion, sincerity. He whispers into the kiss, “Promise me.” I am a little confused by the request. I don’t know why he needs me to make such a vow about it. I nod, humming, “Kylo, I promise. I want you.” He kisses me once more, passionately, almost like a thank you. In the kiss, I can feel his projection of years of being unwanted. The fear of being unwanted has consumed his life. I see now, in his mind, that Han Solo never wanted him as a child. Kylo got in the way. Kylo’s whole life was destined to be based on the force, something Han could never understand. Uncle Luke thought he wasn’t Jedi-material. He didn’t find any passion in training him. He felt it more to be as a chore, something that had to be done to keep the galaxy safe from his power. His mother loved him the most, but there were times she wished that he wasn’t born, because of the fear of him becoming like her father. Of course, these people never said this to him. He saw it in their minds as a child. As a child he could see everyone’s fiercest thoughts toward him. Things they hid on the outside, but Kylo could easily see hidden beyond their facades. He reaches down rubbing at my hip bone, starting off gentle but slowly getting faster. Just as I begin to rock my hips into his rhythm, he moves down to the inside of my thigh, grabbing at the skin in the same pace he was before. I close my eyes, letting myself be lost in the feeling, trying to pace myself. Before I can catch my breath I feel his hand lightly touch against me through my underwear. I bite down on my lip. He sits up, to watch my body move as he begins rubbing his hand against me. I feel so wet under his touch, each movement is so able, without any rough friction. I desperately reach down, removing the underwear from me. I thank god he doesn’t stare at me down there, the way that he has stared at everything else. That would make me feel far too self-conscious, and he knows it. His fingers come to my face to brush against my lips. I find myself taking them in my mouth. I suck on them gently, as he presses against my tongue. My eyes go towards his and I can see him unraveling at the sight. He whispers a desperate, “Fuck,” before placing a forearm above my head so he can push himself downward, grinding against me. I feel the outline of his cock through his boxers perfectly fit in between my legs. He goes faster, pressing harder against me as he watches me suck his fingers deeper. He pulls his fingers out of me, then brings them straight downward to my entrance. I whimper at the first initial feeling of his bare fingers against me. He teases the opening slowly, only pressing inwards with the pad of his middle finger. I grind into him, my eyes half-closed. He sits back up so he can use his free hand to hold my hips in place as he slowly inserts his finger inside of me. I feel the walls of my vagina being stretched around him. I look down to him. He’s almost mesmerized at sight of his finger going deeper inside of me. He’s already so sweaty, his hair messy. When I feel his other fingers press against me, I know he’s in all the way. He looks up towards me, looking at him, basically begging him to move. A relieved smile reaches his face and he leans forward, slowly beginning to pump himself in and out of me. He growls as his other hand roams the skin of my stomach, “You feel so tight.” I sigh, pushing my hips into his hand. “Kylo, I really fucking want you.” He positions his head to look me in the eyes. He slowly inserts another finger, without warning. I gasp in pleasure. He says, lowly, lust consuming his voice, “Does this feel good?” “Oh my god, yes.” As he pushes deeper in, I feel myself twitch when he presses a certain spot. He pulls all the way out of me, then pushes back into that spot. I almost jump. “You’re so fucking wet.” He growls, pushing against the spot again. I gasp. “Fuck, Kylo, please.” He obliges, pulling his fingers out of me. He slips his fingers into his own mouth, tasting me. I sense his satisfaction in the flavor, the feeling causing me to squirm beneath him. He finds the waist band of his boxers. As he pulls them off I find my eyes widen. He looks so big. I thought I was so ready for this, but now I’m honestly having second thoughts. I gape at him with my mouth open. He leans forward to kiss me, but freezes when he sees my face. “What?” He asks, now paranoid. “I… um…” “Tell me.” He’s so self-conscious now, worried. I stammer, “What if it doesn’t fit?” He chuckles lightly at the concern. He leans forward, reassuring me, “You're adorable.” I smile, tugging at his hair to bring him back down into a kiss. The once passionate, hungry ones, slowly turn into playful pecks. I giggle as he pulls away. He brings a hand up to the side of my face, gently brushing his fingers across my cheek. “You’re so much more gorgeous than I could’ve ever imagined.” He studies my smile and blush at the comment before saying, sincerity so evident, “Thank you.” I bring my hands through his hair. “For what?” “You make me so happy.” I lean up to him, kissing him lightly, “You deserve to be happy, Kylo.” He silently smiles, lips brushing my cheek. “I care about you so goddamn much…” My smile grows even wider and we kiss, this time very lightly. I feel the tip of his cock press against my entrance. He takes a few moments to rub himself against me, getting himself wet. I take a deep breath, relaxing my body. He repositions his arm above my head and looks down at me, his eyes not leaving mine. Slowly, he pushes forward. I feel myself being stretched and pulled, not exactly in comfortable ways. It doesn’t hurt, it’s just different. In an attempt to make myself more comfortable, I accidentally shift the wrong way under him. I wince at the sharp feeling it leaves me. Kylo freezes, eyes filled with concern. “Are you okay?” I swallow hard. “Yeah, just keep going.” He obliges, lowering himself deeper. Whenever I think he’s all the way in, I feel him go a little bit further. I ask myself when this is supposed to feel good, supposed to be fun. He freezes again. “You don’t like this.” I look up at him. “What? Were you reading my mind? You promised me you wouldn’t do that.” He sighs, beginning to slowly pull himself out. I stop him, holding his back still. “Kylo, keep going. It’s not going to get any better for me if I can’t get used to it.” “I don’t want to do this if it’s going to hurt you.” I wrap my legs around him, tighter, pleading him. “Kylo, please.” He sighs, giving in, “Tell me if I need to stop.” I nod. He pushes further down into me and I feel more and more of myself being filled by him. I decide not to think so much about the feeling, but the idea. I look at him, studying his face as he stares at me. He looks so concentrated, as if he’s holding back. When he presses himself against me, I know he’s all the way in. He allows himself to give out a long moan, dipping his head into my neck. Right now it doesn’t really feel like anything other than an uncomfortable poking, like I am stretching a sore muscle. I exhale slowly, trying to compose myself of the pain. I reach up, weaving my fingers into his hair. I lean down into his ear, whispering out the words as gently as I can, “Keep going, Kylo, please.” “Hold on…” He exhales, trying to regain his breath. I smile at how innocent, exasperated he sounds. It’s just really cute for some reason. I massage his scalp with my fingers. He presses his lips into my neck as he slowly pulls out, my muscles automatically feeling more relaxed. He slowly thrusts himself back in, releasing another sigh of pleasure into my neck. With the third thrust, it begins to become less painful. Less foreign. He shivers against me, concentrating on his breathing. He pulls himself out and pushes in again, this time it feeling somewhat nice. He slowly begins moving at a moderate. I find myself yearning for the movements when he goes inside me deepest. He ropes his arms around my waist, holding me tightly as he rocks in and out of me so slowly, with such care. I reach to his back, lightly scratching at his skin when he thrusts inward. He lets out another moan, his breath hot against my neck. I’m surprised at how vocal he is, how gentle he is. In all the moments I’ve imagined Kylo having sex, it’s never been like this. He isn’t really fucking me like he’s on a race to orgasm. He takes his time memorizing the feeling of being inside me, how warm our skin feels together, how my nails dig against his back. He’s consuming himself in the pleasure of how it feels right now, in this moment. Not the pleasure of how an orgasm is going to feel eventually. I twist at my neck so I can kiss the side of his head. Weakly, he pulls his head upward to kiss me on the lips. He quickens his movements slightly, his lips remaining on mine. He doesn’t kiss me though, it’s like he can’t focus enough to. One certain thrust inward hits the extra sensitive spot inside of me, the one he found with his fingers. I gasp in pleasure, causing him to growl lowly, finding his head buried back into the same spot of my neck. He slowly pulls out, then pushes back in quicker, hitting that spot once more. I bite my lip down hard, holding in a whimper. I can’t really describe the feeling. It just feels so good, it makes me want him so much more. He goes even faster, but not too fast at all. This right now is what I’d imagine to be a steady pace. But it doesn’t fail to make me shudder underneath him, my breath quickening. He reaches down to my leg, holding it against the bed, opening myself even more to him. His lips and moans against my neck grow faster as he tries desperately to muffle them. I throw my head back at the simulation he’s giving me on that spot, a place he has noted to make me feel good and now is playing off of it as much as he can. My mind wanders to the way his skin feels as it lightly brushes my clitoris, rubbing at the same pace he’s thrusting. And we do this for a while. Just enjoying each other’s closeness. I love feeling him moan into me. Even though we’ve been at this for a fair amount of time, it doesn’t get boring. It’s just nice. “Should I pull out?” He asks. I swallow hard. “No, have this chip thing, came as a perk for my last job.” He hums into my ear, picking up his pace. I feel myself become energized by the sudden movement. I start grinding back against him, saying through a breathy voice, “Is this good for you? Like does it feel good?” He looks at me with an exhausted expression. He almost stops moving all together in disbelief at the question. But he doesn't. Thank god. “This is the best I’ve ever felt, ever.” I kiss him lightly. “Good.” Eventually, the vibe of it all changes when he quickens the pace. It’s almost as if some sense of desperateness clicked in his mind. He goes faster, nuzzling his head deep into my neck. My fingers find themselves going downwards to rub my clit, pushing hard. My body seems to fill up with a warmth, something begging be released. My head goes light and my toes clench. Kylo mummers, “Are you close?” The sound of urgency in his voice brings me even closer. All I can do is sigh a light, “Yeah.” Kylo begins to thrust into me even quicker, harder. I can’t hold back a moan from the movement. Suddenly, he pushes forward, so roughly and deep. His teeth dig into the skin in my neck, trying to repress a groan, but failing. The way he sound, the way his tensing body feels, everything makes me push against my clit as hard as I can. I feel myself clench around him, all the pressure that was building up release all at once. Tremors move through my body and I can’t find the capability to breath. My hands dig into his hair, slightly pulling him up to me. I kiss him roughly, unable to even concentrate on where his lips are. I grind against him as he is completely limp above me, only moving in small shivers. I exhale into him, trying to prolong the feeling for as long as possible. Eventually the intensity fades and is replaced with mere warmth and exhaustion. He lies on top of me, keeping himself inside me for a few moments. I close my eyes, desperately attempting to regain my breath. I’ve never felt so fucking good in my life. I laugh, bowing my head down to his the top of his head. He is obviously exhausted, by the sound of his breathing and weakness in his movements. He slowly thrusts in and out of me a few more times. It’s so sensitive, but he’s gentle enough that it doesn’t hurt. He places kisses along my collarbone and down to my breasts. He takes my nipple in his mouth, licking and biting at it lightly before returning his head to the crook of my neck. He pulls out of me all together after a few moments of regaining breaths, then rolls over to my side. It just now hits me that I feel sore. My torso, inbetween my legs is completely numb. Kylo, still breathless, reaches over to flip me on my side and press my back against his front. He wraps a leg over mine, holding me close to him. I feel so small compared to his body. He holds like I am fragile, yet tight enough to feel like he’s clinging onto me. He sighs into my back. “You’re so fucking good at that.” I laugh lightly, “I literally just laid there while you did all the work.” He kisses my shoulder blades. “It was nevertheless impressively sexy.” I smile, grabbing his hand that’s clinging onto me and bringing it up to my lips. In the darkness of my mind, a voice enters. Kylo Ren asks, sounding nervous, hesitant. “Are you questioning the force?” My own voice answers. “Yes… I am.” I see a flash before me of him raising his lightsaber, striking down at a Resistance member. The image quickly disappears. “Don’t turn your back on what you have fought so long for… Don’t turn your back on me!” Kylo yells, above the sound of familiar rain. Then another voice is added into the equation. A darker one. One with far more power. “She has deceived you, Kylo Ren. Peace is a lie. There is only passion.” My voice responds, so hesitant and scared of the consequences of my words, “There’s both.” Kylo approaches me slowly. Out of the darkness of the vision, his lightsaber ignites. His voice isn’t disguised with the mask. It sounds like him. The same person I talk to in intimacy, the same voice I hear give me console, tell me he cares about me. “If that is what you believe… you do not belong with us.” His lightsaber swings upward to strike down. I jolt awake, sweat consuming my skin. I look over to a sleeping Kylo Ren, holding his arm tightly around me. It just now occurs to me that I’ve never seen him sleeping, I’ve never seen him so relaxed. I try to push the thoughts of my dream out of my mind and focus on the safety I feel with Kylo’s arms wrapped around me. But as I close my eyes, I hear Snoke’s voice in my mind, taunting at me, “Peace is a lie…” Kylo’s arms suddenly don’t feel as safe as usual. Peace is a lie… Notes: peace may be a lie but kylo ren's first time being vanilla sex isnt. bless vanilla sex but theres some kinky shit to come. speaking of shit, snoke is a PIECE OF SHIT cant wait to write more about him fucking up everything. hope you guys enjoyed! i appreciate feedback and everything so much! thx again everyone god bless <3 Chapter 15 : Conditional Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) “Commander Ren has not been personal with me. He has not shared any information on his past, other than some few remarks of hatred towards his old mentors. This was only to make me see how clouded the light side can be in their teachings.” Reporting to Snoke and blatantly lying are two things I hate doing. So doing them at the same time is almost excruciating. I force my expression to stay completely unconcerned as I await for Snoke’s response. I can’t help but worry if Snoke believes me or not. Snoke slowly sits forward, examining me. A holographic hand reaches outward to my face. It disappears into fuzz as it makes contact with the flesh in my cheek. I can’t help but think about the kiss on the same cheek Kylo gave me before I left his apartment this morning. The kiss that I’m pretending doesn’t exist in front of one of the most powerful people – things - in the galaxy. I was stupid to think Snoke wouldn’t know, he knew my family died, he could see into the past like that. Why did I think I could hide this from him? Snoke’s voice is quiet, causing my bones to feel frail from underneath my skin. “You have done well, my child. You are an extraordinarily important asset to The First Order.” I bow my head lightly. He continues, pulling his hand back into his lap. “I do sense, however, that you are feeling hesitant about my intentions with you. Do you not trust me?” I swallow. “I’m sorry, Supreme Leader. I just feel confused and clouded. Everything has been happening so fast, Master.” He pities me, tilting his head. “Poor child… you will find rest soon enough. But you must trust me in order to do so.” He pauses before dismissing, “You may leave.” As I’m walking down the halls of the ship, I notice the atmosphere is… different. Happier even. I cross my arms over my chest, feeling uncomfortable from the sudden change. People are smiling and laughing, not seeming as uniform as usual. I walk down the aisles, approaching the training room. I reach my fingers up to my collar, ensuring that the mark Kylo left on my neck is well-covered from last night. I find myself wanting to curl up in a ball and cry after talking to Snoke. There’s a certain level of discomfort he sheds on me. I must trust him. But the fact that I have to try so hard to makes me feel like something isn’t right. Is this the Force telling me something? Or just my anxieties and clouded mind? When I enter Kylo’s quarters, I notice that he’s gone. He’s probably in his office, on the ship’s main level. Probably busy. I find myself laying down on his bed, taking in the warmth of his dark, silky sheets. The bed is still unmade from last night, the blankets disheveled from a combination of our sleeping and sex. It wasn’t even crazy sex, or semi-exciting sex. It was really simple, yet intense. It wouldn’t have even been enjoyable, I imagine, if it were with someone I didn’t care about as much as Kylo. But nothing really felt like it. It felt like it was exactly supposed to. If that makes any sense at all. I sigh, sitting up. I can’t help but think about if he had as good as a time as I did. I imagine he did. He seemed so into it, so sensual. The whole time it was like he was holding back the urge to just straight up fuck me relentlessly, yet still studied every part of me and took in every moment so carefully and slowly. And then comes the thoughts of sleeping afterwards, the nightmares that followed. The image of Kylo killing me because of my betrayal of the Sith Code. I decide I better go ask Kylo what my plan is for today, apprentice wise. I have no clue how I’m going to be able to train under him now, when I know what it looks and feels like to have sex with him. One day I will, once I get used to it, but not today. When I step out of his quarters, I am met face to face with General Hux, standing across the doorway. I raise an eyebrow. Hux spits, “What were you doing in there?” I give him a dirty look. “Looking for him. I don’t know what my plan is for training today and I was planning on asking him about it.” “He’s in his office.” He sneers at me, observing me. “Thanks.” I turn away, walking down the hall to the main elevator. Hux follows, stepping inside with me. He still is staring, not quite checking me out. But trying to find answers. He’s observing me out of suspicion. I try to just ignore him. He states, “You never went to your room last night.” I roll my eyes, playing it off. “I did some mind exercises at Kylo’s and passed out. He didn’t bother taking me back to my room.” Hux pushes further, questioning, “Perhaps you can explain why Ren is in such a grand mood today?” I beg the elevator to arrive to the main floor as soon as possible. “I don’t know, Hux, maybe you should ask him. You seem a lot more invested in him than I am.” “I shall.” “Good, tell me what he says if you do.” I spit, finally stepping out of the elevator. I think it’s safe to say that Hux is suspicious of Kylo’s relationship with me. I suspect Hux to go separate ways, but he continues following me down the hall. I glance towards him, “Are you going to his office too?” “Yes, I may as well. Sorry, would I be interrupting something?” “My training, perhaps.” I quicken my steps. Hux catches up, murmuring, “Training…” Suddenly, the door to Kylo’s office opens and Kylo’s standing relaxed, with his full uniform and helmet on. An odd combination I’ve never seen before. He stands up straighter, commanding lightly, “Please, come in, Apprentice.” His head turns to Hux, beside me. “General.” He says with slightly through his teeth. We both enter Kylo’s office, Hux closing the door behind us. Hux billows, immediately, “Commander, I have no idea what exactly your intentions are with this girl, but if this dynamic gets in the way of our mission, I swear to god-” Kylo scoffs. “My intentions? Hux stammers, “Don’t play dumb.” “Are you suggesting I am pursuing her? General, when has someone ever met my satisfaction?” Hux grinds his teeth. “So her spending the night at your quarters, has nothing whatsoever to do with you being in a grand, forgiving mood to my soldiers today.” Kylo stands, leaning forward. “Do you forget your involvement with her yourself, General?” I find it quite odd how the two of them go into their own little worlds when they bicker. It’s quite entertaining, to say the least. I find myself silently rooting for Kylo. Hux clenches a fist. “That was a simple, short-lived, platonic situation, you however, seem to-” Kylo interrupts, calmly stating, “Jealously will not flatter her, General. Please leave so I can continue training my apprentice. And do not allow your personal feelings for her to interfere with your duties.” Hux is boiling red, furious. He stomps outside, murmuring, “Training…” The door slams behind him. I purse my lips. “Sorry about that.” He chuckles, approaching me from behind. He places a hand on the small of my back to escort me to the large chair behind his desk. I lower myself down and study him as he crouches to my level. He slides his gloved fingers in-between my own. The voice modulator rumbles throughout the room, “How was your follow up with Snoke?” He does seem like he’s in a good mood. I swallow, feeling suddenly so small in front of him. So vulnerable. “It was a meeting with Snoke… I don’t know what else to say about it.” He hums, sliding his hands to my waist. “Sounds boring.” I shrug, melting more and more into his touch. Each thought of Snoke makes me more and more anxious, more and more paranoid. I can’t tell his expression because of the mask, but something about the mystery of it is intriguing. I don’t know if he’s full of lust, happiness, adoration, desire or what. He reaches up to pull the collar of my uniform downward, revealing the purple bruise created by him from last night. He studies it, dragging his finger around the almost evident teeth marks. It didn’t hurt when he was doing that. But I guess his mouth was there, inhaling and biting, almost the full time we were having sex. It makes sense there is a mark. I don’t know if he’s concerned or satisfied. For some reason, the thought of him proud, looking at the mark with satisfaction, creates a warmth in-between my legs. I shiver. He confesses softly, tilting his head downward, “I can’t stop thinking about last night.” I nod. I wish I could be consumed by the thought of him and I having sex, but every time I begin to unravel in the memories of it, the memories of the nightmares only follow. I frown, nuzzling my head into his hand. I don’t know if I should tell him about those dreams or not. I want him to know that I trust him. But I also cannot explain why I’m having visions of him being ordered to kill me by Snoke. It’s Snoke who I do not trust, not Kylo. “The thought of how you looked, how you felt, how you sounded…” He exhales. “It’s been distracting me all day.” I suddenly see how frail he is at the hands at me. How completely undone. I’m usually always intimidated by him when he’s wearing his mask, but not right now. It doesn’t hide anything. I use the Force to push away any thoughts of Snoke from my mind. I channel in on any sort of lust and adoration I can summon from me. I beam up to him, “What other ways can I make you feel good, Master?” He freezes, observing me. Suddenly, he stands to his feet, scanning over a few files, then nodding, telling himself that he has time for whatever we’re about to do. I look up at him as I reach out to his leg, dragging my fingers along the muscle of his thigh. He shudders, holding himself steady against the desk, adjacent to me. I can already see the bulge in his pants when I part his robes aside. My mind goes back to last night, seeing it with small glances down and being intimidated by his size. I remember how when he came, so much of him was filled inside of me, leaking out and onto the bed. With a hand on my shoulder, urging me in front of him and out of his chair, he hisses, “Get on your knees.” I stare at him in shock. I know he’s Kylo Ren, Commander of The First Order, but I’ve never seen him so direct in sexual situations with me. It’s almost as if the mask has this effect on him, some kind of confidence for him to be dominate. I nervously lower myself down to the hard, cool floor. My face is directly in front of the bulge of his robes. I now feel like I’m projecting. He sees my hesitant nature, how anxiety of the situations begin to approach my mind. What if I’m bad at this? What if I mess up? What if it’s gross for him? A gloved hand strokes my hair. “Are you alright with this circumstance?’ I nod, looking up to him with bright eyes. His body towers over mine. “I only wish to make you feel good.” He rolls his head, “You will, you do…” I reach my hand up, feeling his thigh up through his pants. I bring my fingers dangerously close to his cock, but I retreat, teasing him. He clenches down at the tabletop of his desk. I continue, massaging his upper leg as I say softly, “Do you think of this often, Kylo?” He clenches his fingers around the desk even harder, sneering like he did just one week ago, “You are to refer to me as your Master.” I smirk at his suggestive response. “Master…” I allow the title to hang in my mouth, feeling his lust basically scream throughout our connection in the Force. “Do you think of this often?” He nods silently. I hum in satisfaction as I slowly drag my bottom lip against the bulge of his pants. His violent shudder gives me the courage to look up to him with bright eyes, palming at him, trying to imagine his face right now. I wonder if his eyes are rolling back or staying locked on mine, filled with lust. A hand weakly begins to undo his trousers, exposing his boxers, and pulling out his cock. He rubs slowly up and down the shaft as he stares down at me. Something about it seems so primal. With the hand that is not stroking himself, he reaches down to my hair, pushing it behind my ears. He seems so impatient, wanting to skip any type of foreplay and immediately begin. This is more like I have imagined sex with Kylo Ren being. I look at his cock in front of my face. I feel intimidated by it’s size, of course, but the fact that he’s already completely hard, completely ready for me, gives me confidence. I slowly blow on the tip, pushing his wrist away from himself, so that he cannot pleasure himself. “Let me do it, Master.” I ask, my voice innocent and polite. Kylo sighs, the voice modulator only picking up a fuzzy noise. I smile, lightly dragging my finger from his base to the tip. He clenches down hard at the table, throwing his head back. I look up at him, tracing a vein with my fingertip. He growls, “Y/N, please…” I trace my finger back down his shaft. “Hm?” “I need to feel what it’s like to be in your mouth right now.” His voice is so demanding. Yet, I know that without his helmet, he would sound so weak. I oblige, sitting up, and lightly replacing my finger with the tip of my tongue. His skin is so hard, yet slightly salty against my taste buds. When I reach the tip of his dick, I manage to catch some pre-cum, savoring how eager his is. At this sensation, a hand goes into my hair, pulling lightly. I purse my lips against his tip, sucking at the pre-cum, not missing any of it whatsoever. Kylo moans, an odd noise from his mask, but nonetheless a noise that causes my legs to shiver in want. I slowly lower my head down, taking more of his cock into my mouth, not breaking eye contact. He lightly pushes on my head, urging me to go deeper, with a trembling hand. I resist, pulling out, making a popping noise at the release of the suction I maintained on his dick. Kylo growls, “Don’t fucking do that…” I smile mischievously, “Do what?” He urges me to take him back into his mouth. “Tease me.” I bite my lip, allowing it to slide against my teeth. “Make me.” Kylo takes a moment to stare at me. He studies me, almost like a child who was just released into Disney World, not knowing where to begin. Suddenly, I feel his fingers press into my scalp, pushing me forward onto his cock. I am taken by surprise, lightly moaning with his dick halfway into my mouth. He growls in response, somewhat taken into a completely different state. He holds my head still as he rocks in and out of me, each thrust stuffing my mouth more and more full of him. I focus on exhaling through my nose, instead of my mouth. My tongue can feel all the ridges, veins on his cock I was teasing just a few seconds ago. Now, I feel out of control, I feel like he has complete authority over my body. And there’s something that’s thrilling about it. He shifts from moving his hips to simply just grabbing my hair and bobbing me up and down his cock at a reasonable speed. I reach my hands up to his thighs, trying to steady myself, but the Force causes them to fold behind my back, staying completely still. I moan in delight at the rather inappropriate use of the Force. I feel his fingers clench against my hair tighter and tighter with each thrust. I urge him to go into me deeper, but he doesn’t yet. It’s almost as if he does, he’ll completely lose control. He pulls me off of him and I gasp for air, salvia smeared in a mess across my mouth. The masked face looks down, carefully and lovingly pushing any stray hairs from my sweating face. I hear him mummer something along the lines of, “gorgeous like this…” before he places himself back inside of my mouth. Even though I love seeing him with his mask on, so powerful over me, I long to see his face, to run my hands through his hair. I want to be with him, completely naked again, holding each other, moving against each other. I push myself deeper into him, his hands twitches, releasing my hair. I move myself down lower, finally able to move without his hands controlling the pace. I move myself deeper and deeper, taking a good three quarters of his cock in my mouth, pausing to swirl my tongue around the tip occasionally. His hands are returned to the desk, clenching at the sides. Suddenly there’s a knock at the door. I freeze, but Kylo uses the Force to continue my momentum, gradually easing up on the Force control once I continue full-heartedly. He swallows, then calls out, “Yes?” “Sir, we have some files to be reviewed. Plans on how to activate the Korriban Artifact.” I glance up at him, for approval to continue, which only causes him to whimper lightly. It’s quiet enough, the person outside the door cannot hear, but loud enough to where I can. Kylo says steadily, “Slide them under the door. I do not wish to be disturbed.” “Yessir.” The man outside says. I give a glance to Kylo, moving even deeper. He exhales, releasing a relieved sigh. I can sense that he’s close. There just needs to be one final thing to tip him over the edge. I inhale with my nose and open my throat, then take him as deeply as I can. He almost hunches over, releasing a loud moan. My nose is pressed against his pelvic bone and he grabs the back of my head, pulling me away and then all the way back into him. I feel his whole body shake and shudder, his legs wobbly. Warm ropes of cum begin to shoot down my throat. My eyes water, trying to maintain an open throat for him. I notice how long his orgasms are, how much cum there is. I can’t even taste it because of how far he is down my throat. He slowly pulls himself out of me, then slouches to the ground, in front of me. I reach up, removing his mask to reveal his exasperated, sweaty face. I kiss him passionately, clinging onto his limp body. He laughs, throwing his head back. “Fuck…” I wipe saliva from my mouth with my forearm. “Was that alright?” Kylo closes his eyes in contentment, repeating once again, “Fuck…” I giggle, snuggling up close to him. Slowly he readjusts his clothing and wraps his arms around me, holding me. Although we’re on the floor right now, it’s comfortable. Nice, even. I feel like I could fall asleep like this. Part of me wonders if the nightmares will return the next time I fall asleep. And they do. After the day ended, I decided to go back to Kylo’s to spend the night. We didn’t really do anything more sexual than we already have. Just the occasional kisses and backrubs. When the nightmare began again, I immediately woke up, staring at the wall ahead of me. Kylo’s arm is lightly around my waist as his breath tickles my neck. I reach my arm up to his, rubbing my fingers down his cool skin, taking in every freckle and scar, trying to find any source of comfort. His voice softly says in my ear, “What do you dream about?” I frown, turning to face him. “I didn’t realize you were awake.” By the look on his face, he looks like he has been awake for a while, I don’t think I woke him up. I wonder if he even fell asleep at all yet tonight, or if he’s just been laying here. He doesn’t respond, still staring at me, awaiting an answer. I sigh. “I don’t know. Just reoccurring bad dreams.” He encourages, “What about?” My mind flashes to the image of him striking his lightsaber downwards, the heat slicing my flesh. “I don’t remember.” I lie, turning my back to him. He sighs, curling up from under the blankets. Something about the movement shows insecurity. He begins, “I always have nightmares about my father.” I freeze, surprised at his sudden emotional transparency. “What about him, Kylo?” I turn back to face him, reaching out to hold his hand. He struggles to say the words, stuttering and hesitating in between syllables, “I have dreams about him trying to force me to return, trying to ploy me into a trap. And I’m forced to kill him. I’ve killed him so many times in my mind, over and over… Yet I never seem to become numb to it.” I swallow. “Do you want to kill him in real life?” He nods. “I don’t see why I shouldn’t. He betrayed me. He isn’t any value to me or to The First Order. The mere previous attachment to him is holding me back. Once he’s gone, I will progress so much faster.” There’s a certain hatred in his voice that makes me look away, unable to look into his eyes. I understand hating your father. I suppose I hate mine for never supporting my mother, for never helping. Mine doesn’t even know that I exist at all. But I wonder what Han Solo did to Kylo that makes Kylo have this much hate for him? He slowly lets go of my hand, sensing my sudden distance towards him. I quickly, silently, dip into his mind to see that he merely thinks that I just don’t understand. That I could never understand. I can almost see Snoke’s advice, whispering to him that these feelings of hatred towards his father are justified. I blurt out, without giving myself a chance to think twice, “My nightmares are about Snoke telling you to kill me. You obey him.” Kylo’s face flashes with concern. I want him to tell me that that would never happen. He would never betray me. All he has to do is say it, and I would believe him and stop worrying. I would trust him. But instead, he says, “Snoke would never order such a thing to happen. Why would he do that?” I frown, looking up at his ceiling. “I questioned the Sith Code. Thought about the possibilities of the Jedi Code having some truth to it.” Kylo’s face flashes with panic. “I’ll never let you fall for any of the Jedi’s tricks. You’re too smart for that. I know you are. You have no reason to worry.” Still, he’s not denying the fact that he would kill me if I did. I say, whispering, as if it’s a sacred thing to say, “Would you kill me if Snoke commanded it?” He begins, “That wouldn’t even-” I interrupt, “Yes or no.” He stares at me, bringing a hand up to my cheek, caressing the side of my face. “Of course not.” I break my promise to him in that moment. I guess I've read his mind many times before, just to find a few hints, but this time I push myself in as discretely as I can, completely taking advantage of his vulnerability in this moment. When I look into his mind I see a list of conditions where the 'of course not' becomes a 'maybe' and even a flat out 'I would have to kill her.' We both rest our eyes for the remainder of the night, but sleep never comes. Notes: lol remember when i apologized for not updating in like a week and all? here we are now, 3 weeks later and i havent updated. i have a good excuse but im so sorry none the less: school has started so yea great love having that to worry about. also, i was in this really weird mood where i literally read back the whole fanfic and hated it and wanted to burn everything ive ever written. so that wasnt encouraging. and on top of that, when i finally wrote the next two chapters, and even a separate one-off, and then accidentally deleted it all. idk where my mind was. man idk whats going on with life. i just hope that my writing hiatus isn't evident in this chapter. if it werent for all the wonderful kudos and comments i would have zero motivation. so thank you all so much. i really appreciate ya. <3