Masters and Padawans Thunder crashed as a calm voice echoed throughout the hold. “Please return to your seats. We will reach our destination soon.” Keona!? Staggering to the side as the crowd screamed around her, Kal jumped up on an empty jump seat giving her a boost to see over the bustling heads of the other passengers. Her companion was nowhere in sight and she bit her lip as they hit another wave of turbulence. Quickly she jumped off the chair and pushed through the crowd. The ship was in turmoil. Refugees from worlds far and wide churned together, unsure of their destination or their supposed saviors. Soldiers stood on the outer rim of the crowd, keeping the people back, trying to calm everyone down. Wiping her face Kal turned in a circle as her neighbor bumped into her and voices screamed throughout the cargo hold. The ship’s engines rumbled beneath their feet and the shuttle tilted to the left as they battled with the turbulent winds of the unnamed planet below them. With a cry, she crashed into the wall, her face pressing against the freezing glass of the window as someone landed behind her. She was pinned, and all the air flew out of her lungs. A slithering voice hissed in her ear and wings fluttered behind her. She squirmed and tried to push back but the alien refused to budge. Just when it began to become unbearable, someone yelled behind her, the weight vanished, and she heard a familiar voice yell over the roaring mob. “Get off her you Bug.” Kal spun around. A Geonosian flew past her, blocking her view, but she could see familiar strands of almost silver hair over the creature’s head. “Keona!” Kal stepped forward and looked up at Keona with a relaxed smile. The knot of fear and anxiety in her stomach began to dissipate, but it was short lived. Icy blue eyes narrowed on her and a hard hand grabbed her by the shoulder, pulling her forward. “Ow!” “I told you to stay right next to me and I turn around and you’re gone! I’ve been looking for you since we got on this damn boat,” the older woman growled out, “If Dad were still alive, I’d kill him for leaving me with you, you idiot.” Kal grimaced as sharp nails bit into her shoulder, “I got pushed in with that bounty hunter, I’m sorry---.” Keona came to a stop and glared down at her and she trailed off. Crossing her arms she looked down and the older girl sighed, releasing her from her grasp. “Just stick close to me this time will you?” Kal nodded her head and raised her face as she and Keona looked around. The crowd was calmer and the flight was steadier. The soldiers on the outer wall were visibly relieved as people began to sit down. “Here.” Kal glanced to her right as Keona held out a small bag. Silently she took the pack and slung it over her shoulder. A thud echoed beneath their feet as the landing gear dropped down and the ship slowed. “Force, I hate flying,” she sighed as she pinched the bridge of her nose. Everyone on the ship breathed a sigh of relief when they felt the ship finally touch down on the ground and Keona immediately started forward towards the door, “Come on,” she called over her shoulder. With a deep breath, Kal ran after her as the landing ramp opened before them. Rain and wind whipped over them as they got into the line together. The water was freezing and they huddled together, trying their best to stay dry. “Keep your head down,” Keona hissed in her ear as they passed guard after guard, making their way into an enormous hanger. Pilots and mech droids moved off to the side and Kal glanced longingly at the x-wings stored down the way. Dry air and warmth washed over her as they entered the hanger and she looked around. The building was full of people, aliens and humans alike, all refugees from the Hosnian system. Kal glanced around, “Keona---.” “There,” the other girl murmured pointing to the side at a cleared orientation station. Quickly they ran over pushing past a group of Rodians to be first in line. A tired man looked at them through the glass window and pointed to the slot at the bottom. “Bags.” The girls pushed the bags in quickly and he picked them up and set them aside. With a sigh, he turned back around and drawled, “You will receive orders and places in the Barracks during your stay here. You will be under guard the entirety of the quarantine period. Fighting and stealing will be dealt with accordingly. Espionage is punishable by death. Do you understand?” “Yes,” they said in unison. The young man looked between the two of them and then looked back down at his computer, “You two are together?” Keona nodded her head, “Sisters.” The man raised an eyebrow doubtfully, but typed her answer onto the screen. “Names?” “Keona Veirys and Kal Veirys.” “Home world?” Keona fell silent for a moment and Kal glanced up at her. The girl was biting her lip and her face looked pained. Clearing her throat, Kal answered for her, “Hosnian Prime.” The lieutenant nodded his head and glanced at both of them, “The Rebellion extends our condolences.” The girl’s glanced at one another tiredly as he recited the line his superiors had told him to say. He let the words sink in for a second then swiped to a new set of documents on the computer screen, “Any skills or prior working experience?” Kal scrunched her nose, “Why do you need to know that?” The man answered quickly and impatiently, “You will be put on work rotations during your stay here. If you prove useful, you stand a chance of staying on at this base.” “And if we aren’t useful?” “Then you will be transported to the Outer Rim.” He raised his head and looked at both of them, “So? Any skills?” he asked. Keona shook her head and swallowed, pulling herself together, “Computer maintenance.” With a nod the soldier entered her answer into the computer and glanced at Kal, “And you?” Kal answered quickly, “Pilo---.” Keona cut her off, digging her nails into Kal’s wrist, “Mechanics,” she told the man sweetly. He frowned but put the data into the computer. Trying to pull away, Kal bit the inside of her cheek. Finally, Keona released her with a silent glare. Without a word, she turned back and the two girls waited as the tech input the information. Behind him, a younger man appeared in a guard’s uniform and the two refugees glanced at one another uncomfortably. Finished with the computer, the officer glanced at the guard and gave a nod. Silently the male stepped through the door and grabbed Kal by the elbow, ushering her over to the opposite wall. Wide-eyed and frantic, Kal tried to push him away and make her way back over to Keona, but he caught her and pushed her face first against the wall. “What is this?” Keona hissed and the lieutenant behind the glass raised his chin to look her in the eyes. “Protocol. All refugees are to be searched for dangerous contraband and unauthorized weapons.” He waved his hand and the other soldier forced Kal against the wall. Holding her breath the younger girl turned her head and caught Keona’s eye. Biting her cheek, Kal’s eyes fell to her friend’s hip, and Keona shifted, her hand settling stiffly on the upper part of her thigh. Setting her teeth the girl reached across the table, and tugged on the soldier’s sleeve. The man narrowed his eyes and turned around shaking Keona’s hand off his. “What?” Holding her breath Kal watched as the woman lifted her hand and pushed a stray strand of hair behind her ear. It was quick, and if she hadn’t been watching for it, Kal would have missed the way her fingers wiggled slightly. “We have no weapons,” Keona intoned, “You don’t need to search our belongings.” The lieutenant took in a deep breath and straightened his back. It was eerie to watch. “You have no weapons. I don’t need to search your belongings.” “Move along.” With a nod, the soldier turned to his assistant and waved his hand. “Move along, move along.” Kal stepped back as the guard released her and Keona took their bags from the lieutenant. The guard ushered them over to a door and Keona glanced at Kal. “Not a word until we’re alone. Do you understand?” Kal nodded her head, “Yes, master.”