Hux first met the boy when he was only a cadet, 22, Mechanical Engineering major and half way through his fifth year of the Academy his father ran. It's his last year and he would be a Second Lieutenant soon enough. He's a skinny little thing with a neatly combed red hair that his father was ashamed of – because it’s his mother’s coloring, and she’s a grade A whore who left him here to rot – and made sure not to mention about him much, which was good. He got himself this far without his father's help. That's what he kept telling himself anyway when he curled into himself in the corner of his bedroom trying to protect his head and abdomen from his father’s beating. (Stupid, he knew, as if Commandant Brendol Hux would hit where the bruises could be visible.) It's the day Leia Organa visited the campus. She was still a senator back then, fiercely shaping the galaxy into something more chaotic. He loved how determined she was, but hated her idea, like everybody else living in the Outer Rim, who would probably not get any benefit from her Democracy and Capitalism and other bullshits that she claimed would bring peace to the galaxy. The feeling was probably mutual. She didn't love his father's idea about his Junior Military Program that aimed for kids no lesser than 5 years old to start military training so they could be programed to be a good obedient soldier in their early stage of life either, and she's not afraid to let the whole galaxy know by voicing it every couple of months during the Senate meeting. Her visit here was for her to find more reasons to shut the place down. Everyone knew this since the first day the itinerary of her visiting was announced to the cadets so they could behave themselves while she was here. Hux couldn't care less, of course. There's only a few months left for him here anyway. There's no mention about her family coming with her, so Hux was kinda surprised when he was called to his father's office on the day of her visit and found himself standing face to face with the Senator and a boy, no more than 18, with short black hair and a strange small braid who he remembered vaguely from the evening holo news that was her son, but couldn't recall his name. Hux gave him no mind and held his head high with back ramrod straight, saluting both her and his father sharply. “Ah, there he is. Our brightest future,” his father said. He spat the words out like they're a curse, like Hux was a curse. Hux made sure he didn't flinch from that and looked straight ahead. “You want to see me, sir?” “Yes, cadet. This is Senator Organa's son - Ben,” Commandant Hux said as he politely gestured his hand to the boy who gave him a curious look, “and I want you to show him around the campus.” Hux gave the boy a glance before snapped his attention back to his father who now turned to assure the Senator that the boy would be safe with him and he would have more fun walking around the place than stuck in the meeting room the whole day with them anyway. Hux doubted that. He's not a fun guy to hang around with, and he didn't have friends, but he kept that comment to himself and confirmed his father, “yes, sir.” Senator Organa gave him the look as if trying to figure him out before she turned to speak something to her son, too soft for him to hear. The boy was young, but he's several inches taller than his mother. He gave her a nod before walked toward Hux, who just realized that he's also a couple of inches shorter than the boy. He's not afraid, of course. He dealt with men twice bigger and thrice meaner than this Core World boy before. “Shall we get going then?” Ben asked brightly. Hux gave him a curt nod and said, “yes, please follow me this way, sir.” Hux gave his father and the Senator a sharp salute one more time before he turned around and walked out of the room. The hallway on this side of the building was empty and quiet as it always was since the whole floor was housed only the offices of the commissioned officers teaching here, and they rarely used them. “Is there anything particular you want to see around here, sir? Or you want to look around first?” Hux asked without glancing back to his guest, forming a vague plan in his head and creating a list of places where he could take the boy to see. His boots made a loud click sound on the wooden floor of this too quiet hallway, and he didn't care whether the boy could catch up with his stride or not. It's not his problem, although it would be if the boy told his father that. Hux told himself he didn't care anyway. “Why are you so formal with me? Call me Ben, and I don't wanna look around. Let's go outside the wall,” Ben said as he strode up to be in front of him, walking backward with a cocksure smile on his weird featured face. His ears were too big, his mouth was too wide and his nose was too long, but overall he's one good-looking boy, still. Hux wouldn't admit that out loud, of course. “We can't, sir. Being outside the academy during this time is not allow,” Hux said, voice crisp and refusing to be casual with the boy who kept looking at him as if there's something amusing about him, which was a lie or else his father would be more proud of him. Ben cocked his head to one side and crossed his arms over his wide but still thin chest. The boy was tall, but he was still lanky, like every teenager would be when their body didn't fill out just yet. “Say who?” he asked stubbornly. “It's the rule here,” Hux answered, ending a conversation with a firm voice. He refused to ask the boy to step away and looked straight ahead as if there wasn't this awkward boy walking backward in front of him. “Alright,” Ben mumbled disappointedly and turned around to walk behind him again. “What should I call you? I don't think you tell me your name yet,” Ben asked from behind. He's sulking Hux was sure of that. “Please call me Hux, sir,” he answered and the boy gave him a soft hum in return. Their journey was quiet and more pleasant after that. They, somehow, ended up outside the wall of the academy during a restricted hour, eventually. “I don't think this is a good idea, sir,” Hux said as he followed Ben into the crowded market square, trying not to lost sight of him. For once, Arkanis sky was bright blue and clear of rain, and Hux couldn't help himself to enjoy the warm from the barely shown sun on his pale skin that wasn't covered by his black uniform. People kept giving him odd look as they all knew it's not the time for the school to be over yet, and he wondered if someone would tell his father about this. “No, they won't.” “What?” Ben turned to look at him over his shoulder and reached a hand back to grab his wrist, pulling him around to his will. Hux tried to get himself free, but the boy didn’t seem to notice that. “They won't tell your father about us sneaking around.” “How?” Hux knew he must look really stupid with mouth hanging open and eyes wide like this as Ben smirked with a little mischief in his brown bronze eyes. “You're thinking too loud. I can hear you thinking even from the space. You're thinking too much about your father too.” Hux's skin on his wrist where the boy was touching felt burn after the answer. He tried to pull his wrist free, and still couldn't success, but Ben did stop walking, letting the crowd walk pass them and finally bodily turned to look at him with curious eyes. “What's wrong?” he asked, sounding genuinely concern, and that made Hux was angry even more. (He's scared, but being angry was a better option.) “Witch,” Hux hissed, but Ben just shrugged and used his other hand to scratch his cheek sheepishly. “Well, that's a really old word, isn't it?” He gave Hux a rueful smile with big innocent eyes as if expecting him to laugh along, but when he didn’t even give in to that, Ben’s face fell and his broad shoulders dropped. “It's called a Jedi,” he mumbled under his breath. “Liar,” Hux spat. “There's no such thing as a Jedi. They're all extinct.” “Apparently, they're not. I'm not really good at being a Jedi so me doesn't count, but there's my uncle and also his little apprentices,” Ben said, shrugging and looking defeat when Hux was not impressed with the list. “Look," he sighed, "can we not do it here? I need to find something for Poe and little Rey before we get back. I promise them something pretty from Arkanis.” Hux hated the way he made Arkanis sound like this dull planet full of rain all year long didn't smell like mud and wet skin everywhere he went, like this planet was worth a visit. It's not, and Hux hated this place more than he hated other cadets. He gave his wrist a hard tug, trying, once again, to pull himself free again, but it didn't even budge and Ben didn't even look annoyed as if he didn't even notice Hux attempt to pull free. He gave the boy a glare instead. “I'm sorry sir,” he said, trying not to sound mocking but failed miserably, “but there's nothing pretty here in Arkanis for you and your friends.” Instead of looking upset, Ben gave him a curious look. He cocked his head to the side like a confused oversized puppy and then he smiled, bright and innocent, putting the sun to shame and gave Hux a burn on his cheeks redder than the hottest day of the year. “There's you here,” he said, giving Hux's wrist a little squeeze. “I've already found something pretty for myself. I just need two more for my friends.” For some strange reasons, Hux had a strong urge to burst into tears. *** After a few visits, they, somehow, ended up having sex, eventually. Like all the things they did in these past few weeks that Senator Organa kept visiting the planet, Hux let the boy do what he wanted eventually. It's raining that day. They were at the city square and Ben was giddy. The funny thing about the Organa family visit was it had never rained even once during their visit, not even a drizzle. “Why are you so happy?” he asked, long giving up being formal with this boy. Ben sniggered softly to himself, spreading his arms wide and spinning around in circle with his face turned up to the sky. It's a beautiful sight, and Hux drank it in, keeping it deep in his mind so he could look back at it when everything didn't feel this bright anymore. (When the boy left again, his mind whispered, but he ignored it like he always did.) “Because it's raining and I like rain,” Ben answered, and he had to bite his tongue hard to stop himself from saying something stupid (like, 'then stay here forever and don't ever leave.') Hux crossed his arms behind his back, standing in a perfect parade rest position and watched that silly boy dancing in the rain, trying hard not to show anyone how he adored that boy so fucking much these days. His father would not be pleased, and he didn't want to deal with his father's wrath. “Are you quite done now? We should head back to the Academy,” he said, feigning to be irritated. His wet uniform was heavy and there's water inside his boots. Ben laughed and walked back to Hux. His brown eyes crinkled a little when he smiled like this, and Hux wouldn't admit to anyone that he liked it. The boy put his elbows down on Hux's shoulders and leaned his face close, too close. If Hux was a bigger and braver man, he would push the boy away and demand the explanation, but he wasn't. He let the boy bumped their nose together while smiling wickedly into his eyes. “If the next words are to fuck you brainless,” he said softly and Hux couldn't help blushing, “yes, I'm quite done now.” Hux opened his mouth to say something, but he got a kiss instead. The next thing he knew, Hux was back in his dorm, on his hands and knees in his top bunk and had Ben Organa's cock buried deep inside him. His roommate was still in class and wouldn't come back any time soon. He told Ben exactly that and the boy made use of it by thrusting into him torturously slow. They still had their soaked clothes on, and the sound of his metal belt buckle that moved every time Ben thrusted forward was too loud in this too quiet room. Hux didn't dare making any sound. He didn't even breathe. (He couldn’t stop thinking about his father. What if the commandant knew? What if the cadet next room saw them walking in here together and told his father? He wanted to say he’s sorry to be this scared, but he’s too scared to even say that out loud.) “C'mon, it’s okay,” Ben whispered, bending down to give him a kiss on the back of his neck, “sweetheart, breathe for me please.” Hux wanted to lash out, wanted to tell the boy to stop being gentle and just fuck him, because he's no one sweetheart. He's not sweet, he's not soft and he's definitely not pretty. He didn't deserve to be treated like one. Hux gulped down the lump in his throat and breathed as he was told. “That's it. You're so good to me. So good,” he cooed and thrusted in harder. Hux's arms gave out and he ended up with his chest flatted down on the mattress and his ass high in the air, to be used as will. He still didn't make any sound as he pressed his face onto the pillow, biting his own lips and letting the soft synthetic fabric inside the pillow swallow the hitch in his breath. Ben grabbed his hip with both hands and started pounding into him like he wanted him to; carelessly hard and fast. It ended too fast, like when it started. Hux came first with Ben's large hand on his cock. His lips were a bloody mess because he bit them too hard. Ben came inside him a few more hard thrusts later with a low growl next to his ear before he slumped forward, smothering Hux with his weight and panting hard onto his skin. “We should take off the clothes,” Ben mumbled as he finally pulled himself out and rolled to lie on the side. They should, Hux thought, because he wanted to feel Ben's skin on his skin. He wanted to be able to remember how warm it was when the day was cold and it's hard to breathe. Still, he's glad they didn't take the clothes off, or else he wouldn't want the boy to leave. Hux turned to lie on his side, facing the wall instead of the boy lying next to him. The bunk was small, and it's a tight squeeze for two bodies. “You should leave,” he said. The air in the room stilled for a moment. He felt Ben's eyes on his back, analysing him and reading his thought like he always did when he though Hux didn't notice, but eventually there's a movement from another side of the bed. Hux didn't turn to see what Ben was doing. Even when he felt the boy climbing out of his bunk, he still didn't move. (If he moved, just one bit, he's afraid he wouldn't let the boy leave and would beg and beg and beg for him to stay longer and pleasedon'tleavemehere , and that wouldn't do.) Ben left without goodbye. Hux lied there on his bunk in his wet uniform, stubbornly refused to move even when his roommate came back from class and told him to go change. It didn't pay well, of course. He's sick with pneumonia the next day and couldn't go to see Ben off when his mother visit was over as he usually did. Hux realised after a few months that this would be last time the Organas ever set foot on this shit hole of the planet. *** The last time he heard Ben Organa's name was in the evening holo news on his last day at the Academy. His final project - Design and Fabrication of Solar Based System for Long Length Armament - was saved and secured in his datapad, ready to be handed to his supervisor after he's done with dinner, which he skipped for several nights now. He looked up to the screen, like every cadet eating in the canteen when he heard the name. Ben Organa was kidnapped and assumed dead after the massacre at the Jedi temple. Hux threw up that night, and he cried and cried and cried. He deleted that name from his memory after that. *** Chapter 2 He knows this place. He’s been here several times when he’s a child, trying to hide so his father cannot find him and beat him until there’s no tears left to cry. He’s tired of crying his eyes out and begging with blood staining on his teeth, but he cannot help it. It hurts, and his bruises seems to never heal. He used to wish that one day someone might notice those black and blue on his pale skin and take him away from here, but no one ever does so he stops wishing, and starts working his damnedest to leave this place himself. The trees here are high, looking almost as if they are touching the sky, and their thick branches fan out as wide as they can go, casting shadow onto the path covered with soft green moss and twisted old roots. There’s always a quiet sound of the rain pattering to be heard in this place, although he barely feels the wetness of it since the braches are so dense the rain hardly gets through. He tilts his head up, trying to find a gloomy blue sky of Arkanis, but all he can see is the green from the leaves swayed lazily by the gentle wind and soft drizzle. He watches them move, wondering to himself whether it is time for dinner yet. He can still see the light from the mansion from the corner of his eyes, and he decides to turn his back to it and walks further down the unused path blanketed by fallen leaves. “Hey,” someone calls, and he immediately stops in place. He knows that voice too. He uses the back of his hand to wipe away the blood dripping from his nose, trying to make himself look presentable enough even though his cadet uniform is a little rumpled and has blood staining on the collar, but it’s not enough. He puts his fingers through his hair, combing it back in place. His split lips are still bleeding, and he uses his sleeve to mop it up in vain. It’s not good enough, and the uniform is suffocating him, choking him, making him want to burst into tears. Crying is tiresome, but, somehow, he just doesn’t know what else to do. “It’s alright.” There’re hands cupping both of his cheeks, and they are the warmest thing in this dreadful planet that’s never warm enough for him. He looks up, and sees a pair of big brown eyes that belongs to the boy he adores so fucking much it hurts. The boy smiles, showing his crooked teeth and a twinkle in his eye, and it’s the most beautiful thing he’s ever seen. He misses this boy so, so much. “Hi,” the boy says. “Please don’t leave me here,” he begs, clinging to the boy’s wrists like a scared little child who’s constantly on the verge of tears. “You promise me the stars,” he says, swallowing back tears and trying not to choke. It’s hard, but it’s nothing new. “You promise me a life with you.” He sounds pathetic now, and he’s afraid the boy will feel that way about him too. He doesn’t want to give the boy any fucking idea of how he is such a weak child who seems to never stop being in tears, and decides he’s not good enough to be with. He isn’t worth much, he knows that. His father already tells him that millionth of times, but he will die trying for this boy. He adores that boy too much. “Armie,” the boy sighs as if he’s tired of him begging, of him being a child clinging to the childish promises that have never been real, and it breaks something inside of him. “It’s time to wake up, sweetheart.” The boy pushes him away and he falls back into his seat, startling awake with an audible gasp and a throbbing heart. His eyes, embarrassingly wide, dart around, looking for something green and a pair of deep bronze eyes he doesn’t know he still misses so fucking much after all these years. He sees none of those, of course. All he can see is a dull cargo hold of the Sentinel-class shuttle with seating rows occupied by ‘troopers from several squadrons of his appointed unit. Hux lets a gentle sound of the engine humming and the Stormtroopers’ white armours clinking calm him down. They’re the sounds he comes to familiar with, even though the engine mechanism of this shuttle is not quite as complicated as the last Star Destroyer he’s stationed and it’s not exactly sound the same. He breathes deep before slowly exhales, seeing his own breath forming in the air. They’re almost there, then. His right shoulder aches from where he slumps against the shuttle’s cold metal wall and his hat is a little bit askew to the side. He slowly rights himself to sit straight in his stiff plastic seat and moves his hat back in place. The row of seats opposite of him is blessedly empty as well as the three seats next to him, so there’s no ‘trooper seeing him sigh and use the back of his hands rubbing at his tired eyes. Hux can’t remember when was the last time he dreamt of Arkanis. He’s never missed it, of course. He fought tooth and nail to be on whichever Star Destroyer that would accept him and take him away from there the fastest after all. Hux has never looked back, not even once. “Captain,” one of the troopers calls from the end of the seating. Her helmet is already in place and she has a standard issue black rucksack slinging over her shoulders. Hux acknowledges the call with a little incline of his head as he turns to look at the trooper with the corner of his eyes and a lifted eyebrow, “yes?” “We arrive, sir,” the trooper reports before turns around and walks back to stand with her squadron at the ramp doors, orderly waiting for the ramp to be lowered. Hux watches the troopers running around the cargo hold, trying to get themselves ready for the landing before he finally gets up from his seat. The leather of his boots creaks after several hours of unmoving and the hem of his greatcoat falls softly on to the ground once he fully stands on his height. He bends down to grab his own standard issue rucksack from under the seat then swinging it over one of his shoulders. Funny enough that all his belonging, after spending 5 years on several Star Destroyers, can be kept in one small standard issue rucksack (and 5 Sentinel-class shuttles, ironically), but he also left the planet where he spent his whole life with all his belonging kept in this same regulated-size rucksack so he shouldn’t be surprised by this anymore. They are all he has now – a rucksack full of personal possessions and 5 Sentinel-class shuttles packed with all the Stormtroopers (375 ‘troopers including Phasma’s squadron which is still on their latest mission and will follow them here shortly) of his appointed commanding unit. Hux adjusts his hat again as he watches the doors slide open and the ramps being lowered to the landing area. The wind from outside immediately steals all the warm in the cargo hold once the ramps on both sides of the shuttle are fully down, and he unconsciously pulls his black leather gloves tighter to his hands. It’s so cold he can hardly breathe, and Hux instantly hates this place. He craves a cigarra. He waits until all the troopers get out of the shuttle before walking down the ramps. They all make way for him to, standing at attention in a neat row after row like a perfect little solider they are. He’s proud of every one of them. The howling wind can still be heard inside the hangar, and it echoes around the area like a ghost haunting the place. The running engines from the shuttles draws the snow into the hangar bay, and it drifts lazily in the air like a dust in a permanently closed room. Somehow, it reminds him of the time he spent in the Mansion’s old library filled with endless list of Imperial era books. It suffocates him the same way, he guesses. There’s nothing special about this dull hangar bay standing against the biting wind and freezing snow, except the man in a white lab coat and a pair of glasses that is so thick it makes his eyes comically big, standing in front of a group of Snowtroopers. His salt and pepper short hair is tousled by the freezing wind and some parts of his coat are damped by the melted snow, but it doesn’t make him look any less intimidated. Hux is not afraid, of course. The way this man holds his head up high and looks down his beaky nose at Hux tells him that this man is probably the one in charge here. Not anymore, obviously. “Captain Hux,” the man says in the way of greeting. He doesn’t offer Hux his hand so he doesn’t bother to offer his either. “Welcome to Starkiller Base.” What a tasteless name, Hux thinks, but he doesn’t have a heart to say it aloud. He crosses his hand behind his back, using the advantage of his height to literally look down at the man in front of him and doesn’t make any effort to be any friendlier by greeting the man back. “My name is Azaleh Manvev. I’m to assist you with this project,” the man continues as he uses his hand to push the glasses up to the bridge of his nose. “Your ‘troopers will be housed in building F4 and F5. They’ll be taken there shortly.” Azaleh turns to speak quietly with one of his ‘troopers who is probably a squadron leader. Once he’s done with his order, he looks back at Hux and says, “please follow me, Captain. I’ll bring you to your assigned quarter,” before starts walking inside the building. “Where’re the other scientists?” he asks as he follows the man deeper into the building, taking in every tiny detail he can get his eyes on. Azeleh gives him a glance over his shoulder. “Most of them was out with the surveying teams a couple days ago. We are looking for a perfect continent to start the digging, but we haven’t found any location that promising enough so far,” he sighs, and then regretfully adds, “we’re behind schedule, unfortunately.” “Unfortunately indeed,” Hux mumbles, and says nothing more until he reaches his assigned quarter located on the second floor of the right wing. It’s bigger than his quarter in his last Star Destroyer he’s stationed, with a newer facility and the actual sunlight pouring in from a big window, but he doesn’t appreciate any of that at all. Hux wants his stars and the endless darkness of the galaxy. Azeleh doesn’t walk inside when he steps in and puts his rucksack onto the table in the middle of the room, sitting in front of the window and facing the door so he can greet his visitors once they’re invited to get in. On his right is the door to another room – his bedroom, probably – but he ignores it for now and walks to stand in front of the window, hands clasping in place behind his back. All he can see is a blindingly white of the snow stretching out as far as the land can go until it touches a gloomy sky. “Do you want any more assistance, Captain?” Azeleh asks from in front of the room. “Call every surveying team back tonight,” he says without looking back, and he can see the man frowned from the dim reflect on the window glass. “But, Captain, we – –” “I want their full report about the progress of this project from each sector tomorrow morning, and,” he turns his face to the side a little to look at Azeleh with the corner of his eyes over his shoulder, “as a Chief Engineer of this project appointed by General Wilker, everyone will report to me from now on. Understood?” Azeleh’s mouth sets into a hard line as he glares at him and answers curtly, “yes, captain,” then adds, “anything else?” “No, thank you,” Hux turns his head back to look outside of the window once again, “but I hope you can give me a tour around the base before dinner.” “Certainly, Captain. Have a good rest,” he says through his clenched teeth, sticking his nose in the air arrogantly and turns to leave, but he stops short before he can close the door and walk away. “By the way,” he says, “your father called. He requested you to return his call once you arrived at the base.” Brilliant. *** Hux intentionally forgets about the call. He spends several hours unpacking his bag and setting in his quarter, and several more walking around the base with Azeleh Manvev, who grudgingly gives him a tour around the area. The base is 90% done, the scientist tells him. Most of the major facilities – 3 hangars, 5 amenities for the troopers and working droids, sanitation infrastructure, communication tower, commissioned officers’ and scientists’ living quarter and the main control room – is already completed and ready to operated. “We’re understaff at the moment, Captain,” Azeleh says when he’s asked about the overall progress of the project. “There’s not enough droid for the construction going on around the planet. General Wilker will send more droids to assist the project once he considers this project is worth the Order’s resources,” “And that’s why I’m here,” Hux mutters under his breath as he oversees the shuttles of the first surveying team that comes back from their expedition docking in the hangar bay from the control room above the landing area. He doesn’t know the old General personally since he’s not station in the flagship of the First Order fleet, but he doesn’t think it’s impossible to charm the old man so he can get want he wants and leaves this dreadful planet with, hopefully, a higher rank. He can be quite charming, if it’s required. “The dinner’s probably ready,” Azeleh says as he looks down at the watch worn around his wrist. “Please follow me this way, Captain. We might hear what this team find in the mess hall.” After dinner and an interesting conversation with the surveying team, there comes Phasma and her squadron. She marches into the mess hall with her troopers trailing behind like puppies following their mother and not wanting to lose sight of her. Their white armours are tattered and stained in some parts, but they all seems to have a good spirit, which is a good sign of the successful mission. “Captain Hux,” she addresses, her voice loud in the sudden quiet mess hall. All eyes are on her tall figure and her squadron. Hux excuses himself from his companion at the dinner table before leaving his seat. “Sergeant Phasma,” Hux greets, “I’m glad to see you arrive here safe and well.” She shrugs as she pulls her ‘troopers helmet off her head, showing him her wide mischief grin and bright blue eyes. Her short platinum blond hair is dishevelled from wearing the helmet and there’s a trace of dried sweat on her skin, but otherwise, she seems fine enough. “The mission?” he asks. “All clear, sir. The problem at the mine was dissolved, and we lost none of the ‘troopers.” “Perfect,” he mutters, mentally adding writing a report about the successful mission into his today to-do list that keeps getting longer and longer as the day goes by. “We got something for you, Captain. It’s already moved to your quarter,” she says then winks cheekily when he starts to frown. “On what occasion, if I may ask, Sergeant.” “Let’s say, it’s a congratulations gift from us ‘troopers for your promotion. We chose the prettiest one for you, of course.” There’s a giggle coming from the ‘troopers behind her, but when he glares at them, they’re all perfectly standing at attention. Hux returns his eyes back to his Sargent who has a suspicious grin plastered on her face. “It’s not gonna explode, isn’t it?” he scowls, eyeing her warily. “Of course not,” she says, her voice raises a little higher than normal. “It’s harmless. We hope it’ll help you entertain yourself while being stationed planetside. I was told we’re gonna be here for a very long time.” “A very long time indeed,” he murmurs, suppressing the urge to massage his temple to chase away the headache starting to form at the side of his skull. With a sigh, he dismisses her and her squadron, telling them to find something to eat and get some rest. Hux goes back to the table, spending more time than he expects with the surveying team, listening to their hypothesis about the planet surface and the strength of its core. By the time he’s done with them, it’s almost midnight, as per the chronometer hanging above the mess hall’s door. Hux bides them goodnight and leaves to his quarter. He still craves a cigarra. “You’re late.” Hux startles at the sound that immediately booms once the steps inside his dimly lit room. He instinctively reaches for his blaster at his hip, but it isn’t there. He staggers back until his back hits the closed door before barking into the dark room, “light’s 70 percent.” (And there’s his bloody blaster, uselessly lies on the desk when he needs it.) There’s a man sitting on the floor at the corner of his room. His black robe is tattered and frays around the edge and the cowl is pulled low, covering his face. The stranger slowly move to stand up with a strange whirling noise, and his height and muscle under that worn-out robe makes Hux itch to reach out for his blaster, but he doesn’t dare taking his eyes off the stranger. He’s not afraid, of course. “You are in the officer’s living quarter,” he snaps. “I ask you to leave this instant.” “But Phasma said I could wait here,” the man argues, childishly, if he might say. “Are you Captain Armitage Hux?” “Yes, I am.” “I’m supposed to be your congratulations gift,” the man says as he pulls his cowl back, uncovering his face. “I was called Kylo, and I’m to be your personal pressure droid.” Hux is so fucked. *** It takes a while for Phasma to answer her comlink. “Captain!” she bellows, drunkenly and unnecessarily loud, and there’s an even louder cheer from a group of people, who sound equally drunk, following her greeting as a background noise. Probably the members of his unit, Hux guesses. “You like your present, I hope.” “About that present,” he drawls, glancing over his shoulder to the said present sprawling its long limbs into his chair, “where did you find it?” All he can see is the back of the mop of messy black hair. It’s longer than he remembers, he wants to think, but he chases that thought away as fast as when it comes. He can’t think like that. He’s too scared to think like that. “The mine,” she answers. “There’re 7 of them. The workers said some traders traded them for food and supplies last week. I let Tool tinkered with one of them on the way here, and he said most of the parts inside those droids were top notch. They’re probably stolen from the Core World.” “That’s the more reasons we shouldn’t keep them here,” he hisses before hurriedly turns back to look outside the window when the familiar brown bronze eyes glance over his way. Even the colour is the same, and Hux cannot stand that. “They are just a pleasure droid. What harm can they do,” she argues. “Tool already examined all of them, and you know he’s the best mechanic in our unit. We even gave you the prettiest of the seven; you should be grateful, Captain.” “Phasma,” he sighs, clenching his fist tight so he won’t reach up and pinch the bridge of his nose. “C’mon, Captain!” she cries, “you need a companion, but admit it, you’re a terrible person and people hate you.” Isn’t that sting, Hux thinks as he swallows back his exasperated sigh and listens to her venting patiently. “I don’t care if you’re not gonna have sex with it, but just keep the droid, yeah? At least it’s gonna love you anyway, no matter how arrogant you are.” “Aren’t you brave, Sergeant,” he says dryly. “Of fucking course, I’m brave! Otherwise you won’t have me for your NCO, will ya,” she laughs merrily before cutting the line off. Hux watches his comlink disconnect in disbelieve that his hand-picked NCO can possibly treat him – her direct commanding officer – like this. (Phasma takes shit from no one so he guesses she probably can.) There’s a deep snort from behind his back, and when he turns around, he finds Kylo standing in front of him. The droid has a familiar face of the boy who he used to adore so fucking much (still adore so fucking much), and he can’t stand that. It’s been 5 years, and somehow he still can remember all the little detail that is made into the boy named Ben Organa – his too big ears, his too large nose, his fat lips, his moles speckled all over his tanned skin like a constellation. And isn’t that pathetic. “So, Captain,” the droid sneers, spitting his title out mockingly as he walks closer, “what of use I can be for you tonight?” The droid is a bit taller than him, and he uses those significant 2 inches to loom over Hux, backing him up against the window with a bulkier frame. Hux wants to tell the droid to get off his face, but he is lost in those dark brown eyes and a familiar face. Hux chokes up and cannot find anything smart to say. (All he can think of is I’m sorry and I’ll do better for you this time and pleasedon’tleavemehereagain , and that won’t do.) He watches the droid kneels in front of him with a smirk plastered on his full lips and a mischief in his big eyes that never leave Hux’s face even for a second. Large hands hold his hip in place, pinning him against the glass. “Let’s do something simple tonight, yeah?” the droid suggests, nimble fingers unbuckling his belt deftly, “I was told I’m a good sucker, by the way.” Kylo unfastens his pants, slowly licking the corner of his mouth with the tip of his tongue, eyes still transfixed at his face. Hux can’t take it. “Stop,” he says, quietly and calmly, but when the droid refuses to listen and starts pulling his pants down, he gets a handful grab of that dark hair and yanks it back hard, craning the droid’s neck even further back. “Listen when I say, Droid,” he spits, ignoring a furious grunt from the droid. Hux looks down coldly at the droid, whose eyes unnaturally blaze with anger, and he sees all the things he’s missed for five years. He wants the droid close. He doesn’t want it to touch him at all. “If we are doing this, we will do it my way. Understood?” he asks. “Crystal, sir ,” the droid sneers, daring him to say something, and Hux doesn’t know what the droid wants him to say. “Good. Now, hands behind your back and suck me.” “Sir, yes sir,” Kylo says mockingly as he uses his hands to pull Hux’s uniform pants down enough to work with his task before putting them behind his back as he’s told. The droid never loses the eye contact when he slowly moves his head closer and gives a soft kiss on his still placid cock. It’s pathetic that Hux is immediately half hard on the second that those full lips touch his skin. The synthskin that is made into those lips is soft and yielding, and Hux doesn’t want to think of how much it would get better if that’s Ben Organa’s mouth. Kylo snorts. “You’re easy, Captain,” he says, nuzzling his nose against the shaft, lips kissing the skin when he says the word you. Only for you, Hux wants to say, but it’s not right because this is not the boy he wants, so he bites his lips and watches the droid works on his cock. Kylo’s mouth is hot and wet when he engulfs him in, tongue rubbing the sensitive vain on the underside of the shaft. The droid swallows him deeper down his throat without any gag reflect until his nose bumps against his groin, and he smirks up at him as if to taunt him to beg for more. Hux is impossibly hard at the sight, and he feels like he’s aflame, being burnt mercilessly by his own memory of the boy he’s never had a chance to touch his skin. He pulls hard at the droid’s hair, yanking his mouth off him and holds him in place for a mere second to take a good look at that smug familiar face once again before pushes him back in, thrusting hard into the back of his throat. Hux comes embarrassingly quick without any warning, and he doesn’t dare making any sound, except the boy’s name breathing out his lips as a sigh. He drops his hand from Kylo’s hair and let him ease off his spent cock. The droid opens his mouth wide, showing Hux his own semen splattered on that clever tongue with a smirk plastered on his lips and a dangerous gleam in his eyes before he closes it and swallows the fluid down. “Now, Captain,” Kylo purrs, still obediently kneeling at his feet with his hand behind his back, “who’s this Ben you keep thinking about during our section?” Hux is, indeed, so fucked. *** Notes: I'm PiiNizm at Tumblr :)