Scent of Spices There are lots of little things they know about one another, Clan Techie and Matt the radar technician. Precious-important things like one another's full names, the thing they always wanted to be when they grew up, where they love best to be kissed. While such minutiae may be dull to others, to two men who were so long alone, these sweet things are like the stars they can see out the ship's windows: Each star unique, a world unto itself. Yet unlike those distant stars, Matt and Techie can hold these bits of one another in hand or heart, reverent. Over the years they'll grow their little galaxies of knowledge, technicalities one of them will say one day, and it will stick. Little things Techie knows about Matt, and Matt about Techie. * Techie likes order, for example. It may not seem it, he's anything but tidy with his tugged hems and bouncing gaze. Still, chaos for the technician is a broken circuit, while precious order is that circuit mended. How that mending takes place never matters though: tape, solder, one thing wedged against another to keep a connection snugged tight—it's all good to Techie so long as in the end a thing works. His passion for order has satellite benefits for in making things work Techie's become good at rooting out the rare, the needed. That means finding licorice Alsakan sugar sticks which no one likes, no one. Except Mattie. Even the Voni who sold them to Techie said she thought they were some kind of weapon left over from the clone wars. It also means finding the one posada hardly anyone knows only five blocks from the Voni spice markets. Because oh my Matt loves strong scents and from their tiny posada Techie knew he'd be able to smell real spices on the air, ginger and star pepper and dried honey roses. * Here are things Matt did not used to know: There are deliciously oily perfumes made with salt nettle and honey rose. There are heavy, dark perfumes in which float black anise and green doaki. And here's the interesting thing about these things: If a man puts these perfumes on his body, well, another man can get quite lust-drunk hunting the tiny dabs and then sucking them clean away. In truth, the first time Techie did it he over did it, placing on his lanky frame too much doaki and nettle and a half dozen spices Mattie had never heard of. Though "over did it" was relative really, when the result was two men eventually boneless and self-satiated. By the time Matt found the black anise—right about where you'd think to put something called, you know, anise —Techie was spread wide and stroking himself off while Matt lick-poked and humped the sheets. * Techie didn't think he had any…things. Special things that he liked. In bed. He knew he liked Mattie, obviously, and he liked what Mattie liked because Mattie liked it, but for awhile Techie had no particular wants. Then one night he woke to Mattie masturbating and though that had happened before—Matt had lots of dreams and some of them were those sort—what he'd never seen before was Mattie's fingers weaved into his own hair. Techie had stayed very still and watched Matt who, eyes-closed and huffing soft, hadn't realized he'd woke his lover. The closer Matt got, the more hair he clutched until finally he pulled and climaxed at the same time. After Matt fell asleep again Techie inched out of bed slow-slower-slowest—because knowing what he was going off to do excited him and being slow about it excited him even more—then headed to the fresher, where he sat on the toilet's edge and wanked to the vision of Matt fisting his own hair with both hands. * Matt would never lie to Techie so the first time he found himself caught for grinning stupidly he admitted why. "I like it when you do that," he said, gesturing at his scowling love, hunched over a circuit board. Techie's pupils whirred wide, his brows drew low, and he said in his broad accent and disbelieving, "You like it when I…fucking swear?" In reply Matt had grinned beatific. Okay fine, that was fine. Next time Techie had to replace parts in the datapads of three clumsy officers, the technician brought his work home, fished out his tiniest tools—his hands are dexterous but too big for some of the smaller instruments—and for an hour he worked, he dropped things, he swore, and Mattie, stretched out on their bed, beamed like some sort of besotted, bespectacled angel. * Techie's been different for as long as he can remember. He's been ginger-haired since he was born and he's not yet been to a human-inhabited world where redheads weren't looked at as either junior demons or special needs children. So there's that. Then there's Techie's machine eyes. Some are fascinated, everyone stares, an arrogant few assume he's mecha and treat him accordingly. So yes, Techie's always been not-right in some way or other. Then there was Matt. Matt who's taller than everyone in any room, a hulking sort of bulky, with his own kind of not-right eyes. Techie was in love the first minute he saw the radar tech, he really was. So smitten was he, he hadn't even thought to look away that time he was staring and Matt saw him. He must have smiled or done something else appealing because Matt side-ways grinned at him and then shoved his whole head behind an instrument panel. * Matt never lies to Techie but sometimes he does not tell the whole truth. Like that time they first met in sector eight? Matt had looked up to see this ginger geek holding a giant hex key, staring at Matt like he wanted to unscrew his parts. The skinny guy had looked kind of deranged and when he noticed Matt noticing him he…grimaced wide. Matt would have just turned away then but that's when he saw the skinny guy's eyes, how his pupils dilated and contracted, flick-flick-flick. Why that made him realise the redhead was maybe flirting with him Matt's not sure, but he is sure it made him blush, smile, and duck away. That's the bit he tells Techie, when Techie asks what he thought when they first met. "The second I saw how you looked at me," he says, "I was in love." I love to wonder about little things, what a character sings in the shower, when they last laughed uncontrollably, how they need to be touched. So these series of stand-alone chapters of Clan Techie and Matt the Radar Technician will be about these small things. Please prompt, as The_Honeyed_Moon did when she said, "Exotic. Spice. Shop." P.S. Here's a tiny grounding in Clan Techie and Matt's origins . Chapter 2 : Words, Wishes Summary: Matt knows words have power. He learns as many as he can for concepts both rare and common. Then, at night, he whispers these to his one true love. And sly-asleep, Techie hears, and Techie learns. * Right from the start Matt wished gentleness for Techie. Can a man do that? Wish a world of kindness on a man he does not yet know? It must be possible because from those first days, when he and Techie were still just grinning at each other over consoles, Matt found himself wanting the world to be kind to this pale, raw-eyed man. It was more than those hurting, red-rimmed eyes that brought out Matt's tenderness, it was the way Techie sometimes moved as if to leave no trace. Oh my but Matt thought someone like Techie, he should be seen, known, cared about, so that he knew he belonged. Belonged right where he was. * Can a man sense gentleness in another man? Can he? It must be possible because right from the start Techie felt a rare comfort when Matt was near. He didn't even have to see him most times, he could feel his gravity in a room, a center around which it felt like he himself could freely move. It was like what Techie's always imagined a black hole would feel like, except Techie didn't think of Matt as dark or destructive, instead there was…a density to him, a solid certainty. Like a old, old star. Yes. That's it. * There's just the one ocean on Vohai but it's a big one. Matt's not sure if they were just lucky or if all along Frellen's shore the little minnows congregate, but what Matt does know is he'll bring Techie back here again and again just to watch his sweetheart wade in among the phosphorescent little fish, lie back in the water, and float like a ginger mer, the tiny glowing minnows gathering all around him and limning his long, lean body radiant with their gold-green phosphorescence. * Techie remembers three things from that trip to Vohai, a planet so excitingly near the edge of the galaxy. The first was the puking awfulness of the Alsakan licorice Matt discovered there. The stuff has no odor, thank god, but it tasted like something from the bottom of a hundred-year-old trash compactor. Frankly, Techie would rather lick a Hutt than kiss Mattie after he's eaten that stuff. The second thing Techie remembers is how the bright little fish nibbled on his fingers and ears and how he did that to Mattie later that night and Matt got so ticklish he rolled right off the bed. That led to the third and most precious thing Techie remembers about that trip: Mattie giggling on the floor by the wide windows, his beautiful body washed pale in the milky light of a galaxy's worth of stars. * Matt set himself the mission the first time he saw Techie cry, and that mission was to ingratiate himself with every doctor, medic, or nurse on the Accord. As part of this endeavor, for these strangers Matt found things, fixed things, and fetched things, anything that got him a bit of knowledge, a specialist's name, a couple extra credits to put away. Forget about repairs to optics so ill-made they robbed a man of his ability to truly weep. Watching Techie try to cry after a malfunctioning blast door nearly took off his arm, well all Matt knew was that some day they'd be able to get Techie brand new eyes and Matt would know who could, where they would, and he'd have the money when. He'd make sure of it. * Techie is a fascinating drunk. So says Matt, Kade'e, Lieutenant Chorla, even that hospitality droid on deck eight. Because Techie's 'drunk' changes depending on what's got him there. Corellian brandy makes him so hyper-focused he says he can hear someone whispering two decks up. Starfire 'skee makes him very itchy and twitchy and nope he's never having that again. Effervescent emerald wine? Well, that wonderful stuff lowers every. last. inhibition. Techie's got—all of them. Clothes become restrictive, unvoiced thoughts tragic, and urges denied, impossible. After an excess of emerald wine, the only way to calm Techie down is to get Techie up, get him inside his one true love, and let the man ride. * Matt likes words. Sure, some people expect big men to have only small vocabularies, but Matt liked language even when he was little. He's always enjoyed having words for feelings and concepts, but since Techie it's become a passion. Now Matt knows a dozen Mandalorian phrases for family, he has endearments in Teek, poetry in Hapan and Galactic Sign, and at least a few words— "Pallama'du mi"— in Old Tongue. Lately though, Matt's favorite word is in Basic and that word is evanescent. It means passing out of sight or memory, it means fading or disappearing. Tonight, carefully taking in Techie's sleepy breaths, Matt smiles at the beauty of this word. Evanescent…like their loneliness. Yes. Evanescent. * Techie doesn't pretend with Mattie and he doesn't lie, but sometimes, just sometimes, Techie fibs sleep, because sometimes Mattie talks to him then, soft whispers, little monologues murmured against his skin. Tonight Techie breathes slow and even and he listens as Mattie sighs so many of the pretty words he knows, he listens close and he learns, so that when next time Matt murmurs skeen as they pass in a corridor Techie knows he has said darling. When he says talla-duztek-kora Techie knows Matt has crooned you are so sexy. And when Matt says pallama'du mi Techie can reply just right and in the only language he knows. I love you, too. On Twitter I requested prompts that I would use for minutiae across three(ish) fandoms: Sherlock , Star Wars , and our teeny ship of Techienician. I prompted myself with 'gentleness,' Dee offered 'phosphorescence,' Belpita followed with 'the milky way,' Spunky Expat with 'repairs,' and AnNa with 'effervescent' and 'evanescent.' So many perfect word presents, thank you all. Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 4 of the Binary Stars: Techienician series Next Work →