Hux has been lying on his bed staring at a dull scratch on the wall of his quarters for so long that Ren's hand, which was initially curled around his stomach, has migrated to flop unerotically by Hux’s dick. Insomnia is not an unknown phenomenon to Hux, but this is rather ridiculous, considering he had been sleeping just fine before Ren had returned from his away mission. Usually, it's the complete opposite. Hux doesn't know what caused the abrupt change. Regardless, he's not happy with his situation right now. That situation is made even worse when Ren snuffles and presses his face closer against Hux's neck. Each systematic breath exhaled now turns Hux's attention away from the scratch on the wall of his quarters to the tickling sensation of hot air on his sensitive neck. Hux wills himself to fall asleep through the absolute torture that is being breathed upon, if only to keep Ren from waking up. Hux knows that this away mission was particularly taxing and that Ren hasn't properly slept for days now. However, Hux has also never been known as a selfless person. Hux rather thinks himself a selfish person, and that is what justifies his squirming against Ren's body. Almost immediately, Ren stirs with a low moan. His hand tightens on Hux's lower stomach, rather close to his cock. In his fidgeting, Hux tries to shift down so that Ren doesn't accidentally clutch it and ruin this night even further for Hux. "Hux, what are you doing?" Ren asks in a hoarse whisper. The sound rumbles against Hux's shoulders. Hux continues to shift in Ren's hold. "I'm trying to get comfortable," he says back, trying in vain to find a comfortable position without leaving the warmth of Ren's body. Ren slides his hand up to Hux's stomach and pulls him back. "Then stop. Moving," Ren grumbles before ducking his head back into Hux's neck. Now, both Ren's breath and his hair are tickling at Hux's neck in a contradicting sensation. Soon, Ren's breath evens out once more and Hux is left to stare at the scratch on the wall once more. The scratch almost mocks Hux in its existence, reminding him of his existence aboard the Finalizer and the responsibilities that await him come morning. Hux thinks that morning will not come quickly this night. And he can't just lay here all night, serving as Ren's personal comfort pillow. Hux turns his eyes to the bedside table in front of him, where his data pad was tossed aside by a sexually eager Ren earlier in the night. The screen almost glistens in its temptation, and Hux fixates on it. If he can't sleep, then he can work. The only problem to that is Ren, who has just fallen asleep again. Hux knows by experience that a sleep-deprived Ren is a Ren driven to slash up his ship and terrorize his officers at a greater frequency. Hux needs to be careful doing this if he wants his ship to stay whole. Hux begins with the hand draped over his stomach. Gently, he moves Ren’s hand down his body to rest against his hip. Ren doesn't wake up at the motion, and Hux takes a moment to sigh in relief. He looks back to the data pad and thinks he could grab it by just reaching for it. So, slowly and carefully, Hux shifts over almost onto his stomach and reaches for the data pad. However, Hux misjudged the location of Ren's hand. As Hux is grabbing the data pad and at the furthest stretch, Ren's hand slips from Hux's hip to graze down his ass. With a muffled snort, Ren stirs, and Hux closes his eyes. He resists cursing, but only just barely. "Hux. Why are you moving again?" Ren says in a low, pitiful whine. Hux looks behind him at Ren's eyes, which stare blearily at Hux in confusion. "I'm getting my data pad," Hux replies, trying not to sound meek about it. " Why ?" "I can't sleep." " Hux ," Ren just about whimpers . Hux sets the data pad down, with no small amount of regret. "Fine, fine. I'm putting it down." He slides back into Ren's grasp. "But I need you to stop breathing on me. It's distracting." "Whatever," Ren says in a content muffle against Hux's neck. Still, Ren does shift up Hux's body so that his chin is pressing into the top of Hux's head. Ren's hand is now draped across Hux's side like dead weight. Ren's breath, for the third time that night, evens out. Thankfully, his breath isn't annoyingly heating Hux's skin again. However, even with his eyes squeezed closed, Hux still can't fall asleep. He thinks it's because he hasn't reanalyzed all that happened today, from waking up to bridge duty to meetings to paperwork to Ren. When Hux needs to sleep, every thought of the day needs to replay within his mind like reversing a holo. Hux is reliving a meeting he had with one of his weapons specialists when his left arm, tucked underneath himself, starts to tingle uncomfortably. Hux tries to will the sensation away with all of his collective might, but the tingling only increases until Hux can't really feel his fingertips. Ren might just kill him before the night is over. But Hux needs to move. Again. Between every breath he takes, Hux shifts his upper body slightly more into Ren's chest, so that the weight is taken off of Hux's left arm. This move requires Hux to keep his head still, so that he doesn't dislodge Ren's head from where it softly snores. Hux can feel the blood rushing back to his arm in a combination of pain and pleasure with every adjustment. He savors this feeling as he shifts to lay down on his left shoulder, his right being the one pressing into Ren's chest. Hux is just about to sink into his new position when he has the horrifying realization that he will have to move his head if he's going to be comfortable. He can't sleep with his head awkwardly contorted back like it is in its current state. Hux thinks he can move without waking Ren and does so quickly, flicking his head from underneath Ren's chin to rest next to him in a semi-curled position. This is the most comfortable Hux has been for the entire night, and he closes his eyes to try and finally fall asleep. Unfortunately, right after Hux closes his eyes, Ren exhales hotly on his neck in a slow breath of moist air. Hux's eyes snap open to glare murderously in front of him. He can't take this anymore. If Hux can't sleep, he won't suffer as Ren does. He's made his decision; he might as well go ahead and lie in it. With a quick motion, Hux brings his leg forward and jerks it back to kick Ren in the shin with his heel. Ren immediately jerks awake, and Hux hears something clatter against the wall, sounding strongly metallic, as Ren lets go of Hux to sit and flit his gaze about the room. When he sees nothing and remembers how exactly he was woken up, Ren looks down at Hux, who is facing the wall with a serene expression, and glares at him. "What the fuck , Hux?" Hux turns to lay on his back and look at Ren. "You were breathing on me," Hux says matter-of-factly. Ren rolls his eyes and flops back down onto his back. Then, he rolls over onto his side to face away from Hux. “You fucking spoon me then," Ren says gruffly. His shoulders are tight, as if his arms are crossed in front of him. What an incredible solution. Hux wishes that he had suggested it himself, but resigns to cuddling up next to Ren, one arm tucked against his own chest and the other slung across Ren's chest. Hux slots his legs behind Ren's and presses his forehead between Ren's shoulder blades. As Ren breathes deeply in front of him, something Hux can feel through the rise of Ren's back against his own face, Hux lifts up his head and noses at Ren's neck. He smells rather good here, like musk and earth, especially after Ren returns from away missions. It's an interesting smell, one that is so different from the stale air onboard. Hux is just about to kiss Ren's neck to taste what he smells when Ren, who apparently was not asleep, says menacingly, "Stop. Moving." "Oh, was I?" Hux responds teasingly. His hand pets at Ren's chest. "Didn't even notice that time." Ren has now picked up on the fact that Hux is only moving to fuck with him. "I hate you so fucking much," he says in a plain tone, as if he's expressing fact. "Do you really?" Hux punctuates this question by squeezing Ren even closer, so that they're touching everywhere. Per Ren’s demand, Hux stops kissing and nosing at Ren's neck and moves his head back to rest between Ren's shoulders. Finally, Hux feels his eyelids grow heavy and his weight sink into the mattress beneath him. Hux's hand loosens its hold on Ren's chest to flop across his stomach instead. Hux closes his eyes and savors the warmth he's leeching from Ren. Hux is just about to fall asleep, something he has been seeking all night, when Ren, under the illusion that Hux is asleep, says something quietly, something that is only meant to be heard by himself in this dark room. "I actually love you. Very much." Hux doesn't respond and doesn't tell Ren that he heard this confession, not now or the next day or even beyond that. He won't even tell Ren when he finally says it to his face, red-faced and sobbing after his face had been slashed to bits. The only thing Hux does is feign his sleep, so that Ren will finally get the rest he needs. It is the best Hux can give him at the moment: a place to sleep, a person to feel safe with as he does so. Hux hopes it's enough. Soon, as he thinks about these thoughts, Hux slips into sleep as well. Notes: Follow me at my blog @lady--starkiller (seriously if anyone knows how to hyperlink in ao3 please tell me I am #Suffering)