by gundamoocow Chapter by courgette96 , gundamoocow Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) “Supreme Leader, I–” “Enough!” Supreme Leader Snoke bellowed. Even though he was a mere hologram, the walls of the chamber seemed to shake. Kylo winced at the rebuke. It wasn’t like the Supreme Leader to lose patience with him. “General Hux’s advice is sound,” Snoke said, his tone now more contemplative than harsh. “Reconditioning will do you some good.” “ What?! ” Kylo exclaimed in disbelief. The wise Supreme Leader actually agreed with Hux’s ludicrous suggestion? Hux hummed in approval beside him as Kylo clenched his fists. This was beyond humiliating. With no mask to hide behind, Kylo bit his lip in an effort to suppress a reaction. It wasn’t working. “Are you disagreeing with me, Kylo Ren?” Snoke asked gravely. “No,” Kylo muttered in defeat. “Good,” Snoke said before his hologram faded away. Kylo stood motionless, staring despondently at the dais where Snoke was visible seconds earlier. How could Snoke possibly approve of Kylo being sent to reconditioning? He was Master of the Knights of Ren, not some imbecilic stormtrooper. Hux was already gloating. Kylo could feel it. Fantastic. “Oh, Ren,” Hux patronised, “there’s no need to be so glum. Reconditioning isn’t torture .” “Shut up!” Kylo snapped, trying to hold back the tears of anger and frustration that would only make this situation worse. He turned away from Hux, pacing around in a circle while fisting his hair in both hands and pulling hard. “Shut up shut up shut up!” “Believe me, Ren, I have many more important things to do than have what only loosely passes for a conversation with you.” Kylo turned back to Hux, glaring daggers at him. That smug asshole. How dare he. “We will begin tomorrow. You will report to room 451 on deck G at 05:30.” One of the training levels. “Wear something you can move around easily in, not that ,” Hux said, gesturing at Kylo’s long robe with disapproval. 05:30 was two hours earlier than Kylo usually got up. Hux chose such a ridiculously early hour purely to make him suffer. Kylo was sure of it. “I will oversee your reconditioning personally .” Translation: Hux wanted to humiliate Kylo personally . Not wanting to dignify Hux with more than a single word response, Kylo growled, “Fine!” before storming out of the chamber. Notes: You can also find gundamoocow on tumblr . Chapter 2 : by courgette96 Chapter by courgette96 , gundamoocow Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) It didn’t take long for Kylo to realize that he had underestimated the depths of Hux’s petty sadism. Though the reconditioning wasn’t due to start until the morning – some six hours, twenty-four minutes and seven seconds by his very rough estimate – Kylo’s torment had already begun. On top of the indignity that had been promised, his mind had been in unrest ever since his master’s decision. No matter how much he tried not to dwell on what to come – for that would imply he dreaded it, and the Master of the Knight of Ren did not dread – his mind kept on supplying theories and scenarios as to what precisely happened in room 451. It hadn’t been something he had had any interest in learning before. He had better things to do than to concern himself with the fate of a few defective Stormtroopers, after all. Yet even without actively seeking out any sort of information, he had heard… rumors . None of them were explicit or particularly detailed, but all of them held the same elements: kicks, loud noise, exhaustion, the barest minimum of food and water permitted during the process, all under the relentless shouting of a superior officer. And in his case, Hux, as the General had taken great pleasure in specifying. Kylo will have him pay for it one day. There was nothing for it right now, though. The Supreme Leader had commanded it, and so Kylo would obey. Six hours and twenty-two minutes left then. There was much to be done. He spent the first hour debating which would be the greater show of defiance: to be as uncollaborative as possible, or to the contrary, excel through diligence and talent to the point that Hux wouldn’t be able to find a single point of criticism. The two scenarios warred into his head, until he decided that he did not want to risk Hux reporting his disobedience to Snoke. The second hour was spent trying to figure out his outfit for the next day. Hux’s poor taste had once again expressed itself in his contempt for Ren’s robes, and though Kylo was at a loathe to validate any of his opinions, he had decided to play his little game. And so he had searched through his wardrobe, discovering in the process that he owned many more robes than he initially suspected, a First Order uniform that he hadn’t even known he had, a single sock, a satchel full of ash that had fallen from one of his pockets. Eventually, he reached a grey tank top and loose black pants, clothing he remembered owning but hadn’t seen in a very long time, most likely because they had fallen in a parallel pocket universe and had not resurfaced into his closet until just now. A good portion of the third hour was spent debating just why he usually wore a crop top and suspenders when he owned a tank top and fitted pants. His outfit had been given to him by the Supreme Leader, and Kylo was beginning to suspect that maybe his wise master was not very well-versed in practical gear for humans. The fourth hour was spent trashing the brand new radar station in room 627, just because he could. It was easier to do without suspenders digging into his shoulders. He ignored the look of utter betrayal given to him by the technician on duty. The fifth hour was spent carefully avoiding Phasma, who as it turned out had personally requested that radar station for simulations. By the sixth hour, his shoulders were loose, his senses were alert, and he had managed to thwart Phasma’s hunting by cunningly remaining out of sight until her shift started. He was ready. Notes: You can also find courgette96 on tumblr ! Chapter 3 : by theascetic Chapter by courgette96 , gundamoocow , theascetic Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Kylo stood outside of Room 451, feeling faintly ridiculous. He certainly looked it, wearing his helmet along with a tank top and sweatpants, but he couldn’t risk anyone in the hallway catching sight of his face. He was debating whether to repeatedly mash the call button or to simply barge in, wondering which would irritate Hux more, when the point was rendered moot by Hux’s sudden appearance in the doorway. “Good. You’re actually on time.” Hux gave him a patronizing smile. “Come in.” Kylo followed dumbly, unable to think of any suitably biting remarks. The door closed behind him, leaving them alone in the large, empty room. “Take off the helmet,” said Hux, turning around with his hands on his hips. He was dressed in an outrageous pink and yellow outfit, of the sort Kylo would never have imagined him to own. The words He’s so pretty flitted across Kylo’s mind before he could stop them. Face burning with sudden embarrassment, he tore his helmet off and placed it on the floor behind him without meeting Hux’s gaze. Hux approached him, looking him over critically. “Your clothes will do. But your hair is too long. You’ve got to put it up,” he said, sounding a bit impatient, as if Kylo should have known this. “I don’t have anything to tie it with,” said Kylo resentfully. “That’s alright,” Hux sniffed. “I came prepared.” He withdrew something from the fanny pack around his hips. A pink elastic, Kylo realized, when Hux stretched it over his wrist, and walked around behind him. “May I?” Hux asked. “Okay,” said Kylo, slightly dazed and unsure what exactly he was agreeing to. At the feeling of Hux’s fingers combing through his hair, he struggled to suppress a gasp. “Hold still!” Hux snapped, gripping his skull with both hands and forcing him to look straight ahead. After a moment, he resumed his gentle combing. Kylo closed his eyes against the sensation, his pulse hammering in his ears. If he had known his reconditioning was going to involve being touched by another human being, he would have taken the time to mediate before hand, to numb his body’s reactions. As it was, the warmth of Hux’s hands, gathering the hair at the nape of his neck made him tremble. He was supposed to be immune to this- this loneliness, this want. He took a deep breath through his nose, determined to conceal his vulnerability. He could not allow his hated rival to gain such leverage over him. “There,” said Hux, walking around to face him. He smiled, his eyes glinting dangerously. Perceiving Kylo’s weakness like a nexu scenting blood. “We’ll start with some stretches to get us warmed up.” Notes: You can also find theascetic on tumblr . Chapter 4 : by cracktheglasses Chapter by courgette96 , cracktheglasses (cormallen) , gundamoocow , theascetic Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Stretches? “You’ll want your feet shoulder width apart for this, Ren,” Hux pronounced, and took a step back. Stretches, Kylo wondered, dumbly spreading his feet apart until the General seemed satisfied with the stance. The lighter yellow stripes of his tight uniform top looked to be made of a different fabric than the darker: something bright and shiny and sleek, glittering iridescent under the neon light. Kylo swallowed, throat tightening uncomfortably. Stretches . Was this some sort of warm-up, for Hux? Something to whet his teeth on? An additional Hux-imposed attempt to assert even more control before the inevitable rest of whatever came next? He had been unable to find any specifics, despite the previous night’s looking; the most concrete testimony, pulled from the depths of the ship’s private holonet was that the process was grueling. It changes you , Kylo had read in irritation, wondering if stating the obvious was a hallmark of this particular anonymous trooper, troopers overall, or the holonet at large. It changes you; a process called reconditioning, truly? The next commenter in the thread had chimed in with a more hopeful it builds you up, though he’d been followed up immediately by it breaks you down. Just get on with it already, he wanted to say, bending a knee and flexing his right calf. The tension spread up from his ankle, up the shin, through the extensors, up into the lateral muscles of his leg. Kylo gritted his teeth. Get on with it; I know you can’t wait, he thought, trying not to stare at the shimmering yellow stretched across Hux’s chest, at the pale, delicate pink of his command cap. He must have flinched; must have clenched his fists involuntarily, because Hux was staring back, eyebrows scrunched together in imitation of concern. “Stars, Ren; surely you know how to stretch?” he asked, stepping back into Kylo’s space, hand raising up between them. Kylo had a moment to notice another pink elastic stretched around his wrist before Hux landed the hand on his shoulder without warning, fingers digging into his anterior deltoid. Katas. He usually stretched before practicing his form, though it had been years since he’d last had an audience. Longer still before anyone had corrected his stance with an uninvited hand. It burst suddenly into his awareness, unbidden– – sunlight. Laughter somewhere off to the side. His own voice, small and excited and a little bit shrill. Look. Look what I can do, let me show you. A hand landing heavy on him, turning out his elbow, shifting his wrist. The edge of a brown sleeve brushing over his forearm. Breathe, he told himself. Breathe, breathe, breathe. The hand on his shoulder felt like a brand. “Ren. You’re bleeding,” he heard, before the pain registered, his nails slicing into the meat of his palm. A fat droplet of blood slid down his clenched fingers, dripped lazily onto the cushioned floormat. “Kriff, you’re tenser than a Cathar on Zirtran’s Anchor. Sit. Let me take a look at that hand,” Hux said, already reaching back into his apparently bottomless fanny pack to produce a packet of disinfectant wipes and a spray bottle of bacta. He sat. Held out his hand to Hux’s expectant palm, waited for him to break the seal on the wipes. Breathed in their sharp, medicinal scent. Hux hesitated before letting the antiseptic touch skin. “This will sting, Ren,” he said, sounding almost apologetic. “Get on with it,” Kylo gritted out, turning away. It changes you. Builds you up. Breaks you down. No; he thought, there was no point to hurrying it. Not when there was no warm-up. Not when it had already started. Notes: You can also find cracktheglasses on tumblr ! Chapter 5 : by Angryangryowl Chapter by Angryangryowl , courgette96 , cracktheglasses (cormallen) , gundamoocow , theascetic Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) It does sting. The small and irritating little cuts, barely breaking the skin but just enough to slice shallow blood vessels and twinge the bundles of nerve endings just below the surface, were somehow more irritating than the large and debilitating wounds Kylo still bore scars for. It’s worse because the General is looking, he knows it. It’s worse because Hux has Kylo’s wide, pale hand cupped in his long and precise fingers and is causing him no unnecessary pain. Hux swipes antiseptic across the crescent shaped wounds, even across the soft flesh of Kylo’s palm and still sluggishly bleeding, without comment or admonition. He just does what needs to be done, and solves the problem in front of him. Kylo firmly ignores the tightening in his throat at Hux’s gentleness, he does not need Hux’s sympathy, or anyone’s, and he is absolutely not going to cry. Spraying a thin layer of bacta over the wounds, Hux lets go, letting Kylo’s hand drop back to his side. He looks almost concerned for a second. His irises are soft green beneath the brim of his command cap, a few small freckles dotting the pale skin around his eyes. Kylo looks away hurriedly, feelings tears prickle under his eyelids. And then Hux straightens his back again, flexing his narrow shoulders and clearing his throat purposefully. ‘Form is critical when stretching, feet the correct width apart, extending each muscle group along the limb.’ He explains, leading Kylo through a lunge on his other leg. Kylo knows this, in some way. Good form is important in katas, Luke had corrected him for years, nudged stray elbows and knees and hands back into place, adjusted his grip, told him to calm his breathing, clear his mind. ‘Back straight, chin up.’ Hux coaxes impatiently, pressing the small of Ren’s back in with the flat of his palm. His hands are cool and sure even through Ren’s shirt, and it’s been years since anyone has been that close to him. He grits his teeth. Hux makes it both very difficult an easier than ever to hate him and the conflict of emotions makes Ren’s head spin, too fast to pick out one single feeling and focus on it. ‘Excellent.’ Hux purrs, lifting Ren’s chin even though there’s not really a need to. As he wanders back to the front of the room, Ren tries to keep his eyes on hux’s hot pink leg warmers, one of which is slipping down to his ankle. It distracts attention from how tight the stretchy yellow fabric is over his slim hips and buttocks. How low the V-shaped cut of the back dips, and how Ren wants to run his fingers over the slight, sinewy muscle of his back, trace each vertebrae with his mouth. ‘And up…’ Hux lifts his arms, pointing his long fingers, rolling up onto the balls of his feet, motioning with an impatient hand for Ren to follow. Ren does, easily, closing his eyes to focus on deep, steady breaths and the dull, tensing ache in in his calves as he stretches high. Anything other than Hux. Notes: You can also find Angryangryowl on tumblr ! Chapter 6 : by MoonwalkingCrab Chapter by Angryangryowl , courgette96 , cracktheglasses (cormallen) , gundamoocow , MoonwalkingCrab , theascetic Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Together they stretched, following the calming tones of Hux’s voice, so different from the usual speeches and propaganda. “And reach up.” He reached. “Bend your knees.” He bent. “Good. Very good.” Oh yes say that again. Kylo kept his eyes closed. If he couldn’t see Hux, the lycra, the freckles, the collarbones, the skin then he wouldn’t be tempted. This was supposed to be reconditioning! The only thing it was changing was exactly what he’d be imagining in bed for the next few weeks. The stretches lasted a few minutes, warming his muscles, loosening his limbs. Kylo was starting to think that just maybe, this wasn’t so bad a punishment when Hux’s voice jolted him, alarmingly loud for the small room, and the fact there were just two of them. “Okay! It’s time to step up a gear, we need music.” “Music?” Kylo swallowed, unsure of what he would be subjected to next. Hux was tapping at the control panel on the wall, the long line of his spine on view don’t think about running your tongue down it, don’t think about how his skin tastes . Hux raised an eyebrow as he walked back to his position in front of him. “Yes Ren music, now loosen up.” Hux bounced on the balls of his feet, shaking his arms out. “It’s time for the real work to begin.” The annoyingly upbeat strains of swing-bop filled the room and Kylo swore that he saw Hux’s eyes gleam, suddenly manic. “Alright, let’s get those feet moving Ren! Knees up!” Kylo spurred his body into motion, copying the pastel clad man in front of him, slightly unnerved by the cheerful grin on his face. They bounce and bop together, the heady tang of sweat beginning to rise in the air. It’s surprisingly enjoyable, Kylo knows he’s fit. He can put up with whatever moves are thrown at him. Hux shouts out again and Kylo feels the familiar prickle of irritation rise on his neck. “Come on Ren, you can do better than that!” Hux’s face is lightly flushed, hair starting to darken under the ridiculously pink cap. Kylo’s mind wanders, picturing that face under very different circumstances. He feels himself redden as Hux shouts out once more. “Come on Ren, I want to make you sweat!” Notes: You can also find MoonwalkingCrab on tumblr ! Chapter 7 : by Eralk Fang Chapter by Angryangryowl , courgette96 , cracktheglasses (cormallen) , Eralk Fang (EralkFang) , gundamoocow , MoonwalkingCrab , theascetic Notes: With many apologies to the YouTube fitness instructors I have yelled atrocities at over the years. And also ABBA. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) The swing-bop came to an abrupt halt, all ten instruments on the track at once, but the sound system in Room 451 didn’t miss a beat. It easily transitioned into the next song. Ren immediately recognized it as the first track of PALPATONES GOLD , the one album Uncle Lando insisted on playing from start to finish every time he gave him a ride to Hosnian Prime. The album was at least an hour and a half long, he recalled with dawning horror as Greeata Jendowanian began crooning, over a sparkling but relentless synth line, about how she thought she was going crazy until she met you-ou-ou . “On your toes , Ren!” Hux barked, popping up onto the balls of his feet and drumming them in place to the beat of the music. His cap slid down his sweating forehead, obscuring his eyebrows. The manic gleam in his green eyes was getting worse. He was starting to get that snarling, weaselly look he got when declaiming. Kylo didn’t remember finding that look attractive before, but he also didn’t remember finding yellow lycra attractive before. As PALPATONES GOLD played on—it was almost worse that Kylo could mark time by song—the true challenge of Hux’s reconditioning began. The challenge wasn’t so much to Kylo’s physical prowess, or his stamina, or even his ability to multitask. The challenge was a strange combination of all three, as if Hux knew exactly how to knock him off-kilter at every turn. He bellowed and barked out moves, but somehow always managed to switch sides when Kylo wasn’t looking. He counted down to zero, and then counted down again . And any quick-footed lateral movements were done at such high speeds that Kylo couldn’t tell where he was supposed to put his own feet. Soon, he was covered in a fine sheen of sweat, and he could feel the roots of his hair dampening with the exertion. He wanted to roll his sweatpants up to the knee, but Hux wasn’t giving him a moment’s rest. But Kylo managed it, at least for the first hour. “Narrow duck squats to a jump, come on , Ren!” Hux squatted so low his ass—Kylo swallowed—almost brushed the floor before popping up into a jump. Kylo tried to copy him—at least this move wasn’t kriffing lateral —but he couldn’t squat as low as Hux could. “Can’t you do any better than that? I thought you were Master of the Knights of Ren , not a half-shaved wampa! ” Kylo scowled and tried to squat again, his thighs burning with the movement. But he couldn’t go down any farther. When he tried to force the issue, gritting his teeth, he lost his balance and toppled over. He popped up quickly, hoping against hope that Hux hadn’t notice, but that was impossible—this was a class of two. “Pause!” Hux barked, and Greeata’s belting ceased. He swept off his cap in an irritated gesture and moved forward to circle Kylo, squinting ferociously. Freed from the cap, his hair fell in a loose fringe across his forehead as he began to circle Kylo. Hux’s sharp eyes scanned over his lower body to identify the problem with his form. Kylo tried to catch his breath, but he was panting so hard his chest was heaving. Up close, Hux was sweating, his thin, striped tank top clinging to his narrow but respectable chest. Underneath the slightly metallic smell of his aftershave, there was a warm, animal smell that, in any other context, would seem entirely out of place on the cold, cruel General. The smell went straight to Kylo’s head. The drowsing want and flashes of fantasy of the last hour suddenly resolved into a palpable tension in the space between his body and Hux’s. Hux clicked his tongue in disgust, shaking Kylo out of his heated reverie. “You need to open your hips,” Hux said irritably, and reached out to tug at Kylo’s left hip. His fingers slipped on the waistband of Kylo’s pants, his index finger suddenly brushing against Kylo’s skin. Kylo’s dick twitched lazily in his sweatpants at the touch, setting his face ablaze with embarrassment. His sweatpants were loose enough that the motion would have eluded anyone else… but not the general. He watched as Hux’s mouth curved into a smirk and his eyes lift from his hips to meet his. “Water?” Kylo asked, hoping to distract Hux. He was, actually, parched. There were two filtration bottles in Hux’s duffel bag across the room, condensation clinging to their shells even in the climate controlled air. “Oh, no , Ren,” Hux smirked. “That,” he said, eyes trailing significantly down the line of his body, “you have to earn.” Kylo had no idea if he was talking about water or himself . Notes: You can also find Eralk Fang on tumblr ! Chapter 8 : by the-garbage-chute Chapter by Angryangryowl , courgette96 , cracktheglasses (cormallen) , Eralk Fang (EralkFang) , gundamoocow , MoonwalkingCrab , the-garbage-chute (ekp) , theascetic Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) ‘But – I’m hot,’ Kylo persisted, licking sweat from his upper lip to illustrate the point. Hux’s eyes travelled up from Kylo’s narrow hips to wet mouth to exercise-darkened eyes. ‘Oh, I’m so sorry,’ said Hux primly. ‘Let’s call it quits, then. Master Ren is getting a bit warm.’ Kylo knew it was childish baiting, but his hands still clenched into fists, scraping the already-damaged skin of his palms. The bite of pain, the flush of exertion, the feral, close heat of Hux’s body - it was like taking a swig of liquor, like being injected with a stimulant. He forced himself to exhale. ‘All right.’ Kylo reached back to grab his grey tank top where it stretched across his shoulder blades, pull it up over his head, and toss it to the side. The sudden coolness of circulated air over his bare skin provided only momentary relief before sweat began to dampen his back and abdomen. The gleam in Hux’s eyes roved over Kylo’s torso and sharpened abruptly to a point. He stepped forward, inches away from the larger man, their bodies aligned, toes almost touching. ‘What a nice show. But you haven’t done as I asked.’ Flushed with heat and slightly dehydrated, Kylo couldn’t remember what Hux was asking for. He was hotter now than he had been while jumping and hopping along to ‘Super Trooper’. ‘Open,’ Hux reminded him, sharp and amused, ‘your hips.’ Kylo grunted, nodded, and adjusted his stance, allowing his shoulders to fall back and hips to widen and push forward. The downside to this posture was that his dick now prominently stretched the fabric of his sweatpants. Kylo flushed, and kept his face lowered. ‘Down,’ Hux instructed, a distinct smirk in his voice. Kylo glared at the other man for a moment but then lowered himself, as steadily as he could, into a level squat. He held it. Hux was close enough that Kylo could have leaned forward a fraction, stuck his tongue out, and licked the yellow lycra stretching below Hux’s navel. Hux tsked. ‘Lower, Ren.’ Kylo sank further, mouth open a little, breath hitching with the effort, surreptitiously using the Force to balance. Fresh sweat shone on his chest and neck. He glanced up at Hux for approval. ‘Very good,’ murmured Hux in a low tone. He gazed down at Kylo’s broad sweat-slick shoulders, fluttering dark eyelashes, panting open mouth. ‘Now… stay.’ Notes: You can also find the-garbage-chute on tumblr ! Chapter 9 : by kyloream Chapter by Angryangryowl , courgette96 , cracktheglasses (cormallen) , Eralk Fang (EralkFang) , gundamoocow , KyloReam , MoonwalkingCrab , the-garbage-chute (ekp) , theascetic Notes: The song Hux puts on is deeeefinitely “2Wicky” by Hooverphonic (which is just a really good campy Kylux song imo, that Isaac Hayes sample!!) (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Kylo drew in a breath, and immediately wished he hadn’t. Hux’s crotch was tantalizingly close to his face, barely concealed under lycra. He could smell it from here, sweat mixed with musk mixed with something that was uniquely Hux. It was intoxicating, the source of his fantasies for the next several weeks laid in front of him. He could lean forward, wrap his mouth around it, suckle Hux through the material…maybe even make him come. No. Focus , he told himself, squeezing his eyes shut. Kylo rested his hands on his thighs and forced himself to be aware of his body and only his body. There was sweat dripping down his face from his hair, and the air of the exercise room wasn’t cool enough to make a difference on his bare back. He could feel the muscles tensing through his legs and abdomen. After a long hour of intensive exercise, he knew the fatigue was setting in. Focus . “Enjoying the view, Ren?” said Hux slyly. “What?” he sputtered, and in that moment gravity gave way and Kylo fell backward onto the mat, his growing dick in full display. He scrambled onto his knees, pressing his thighs together and kneeling in the closest he could get to the pose he took during meditation. Granted, he rarely—scratch that, never —had an erection when he meditated. Focus, he told himself, casting his eyes down at his hands and hoping they were broad enough to cover anything indecent. Hux tsked impatiently, raising an eyebrow at him. “You know, Ren,” he said, his voice low, “I didn’t suggest reconditioning because I wanted to torture you. I suggested it because I was hoping we could get along better.” There was a smile in Hux’s voice, and that alone was enough to make the hairs at the back of Kylo’s neck prickle. “I can’t remember the last time we worked together when you didn’t snipe at me or dismiss my good judgement. Why is that?” He circled Kylo, and it was all he could do to keep breathing evenly. “Is it because you’re Force sensitive, and I’m not? Is it because you’re unused to working together with someone? Or is it,” and Kylo tensed as he felt the air shift around him as Hux bent down, his mouth inches away from his ear, “ something else? ” In his mind, Kylo was going through a list of things he hoped would free himself from his erection: the mechanisms needed to pilot the Millennium Falcon, the triple-breasted alien someone had hired to jump out of a birthday cake on his thirteenth birthday, Uncle Chewie using the bathroom after a bender with Han. He startled at Hux’s words, but the mental onslaught he’d put himself through had in fact worked. He said a silent thank you to the Force before swallowing and looking at Hux. “I, I don’t know,” he replied. “But I want us to work better together. Yes.” He reflected that he’d say anything to make Hux shut up. “How refreshing,” said Hux. “Your candor is appreciated, Master Ren. Now, if you’re quite done with your…meditations, I suggest standing up so we can continue working on squats.” Kylo exhaled, pushing himself up from the mat. He shook out his legs but kept his eyes on the ground, listening as Hux fiddled with his datapad for what seemed like a minute. There was the snap of a snare drum, and then a slow, slinky bass line started thumping from the speakers in the exercise room. Kylo felt his mouth go dry. Of all the genres to pick, Hux had to go with bedroom jatz ? “We’re going to take it slow,” said Hux. He stood directly in front of Kylo, and there was smugness in his eyes. “That should help cool you down. I’ll squat down, hold that for a count of eight, and at the end of my count, you’ll squat and hold it for the same amount of time.” Kylo nodded. “Very good. Let’s begin.“ Hux sank down, his lean muscular body inches from the floor, the brim of his hat nearly grazing Kylo’s pants as he counted. In the background, Riza Sudoneia was singing over a slick, synth-laced loop. “Five, six, seven, eight,” he counted, before easing his own body into a squat. This was infinitely worse than simply squatting before Hux. Now he was forced to stick his own pelvis in Hux’s face, to see the hunger in his eyes, but only for moments before counting off and squatting again. You can hurt me , purred Riza, as Hux ducked down, his face close enough to nuzzle Kylo’s cock, and he tried his hardest to stop envisioning all the things he could do at that position. Hux rose, and he resumed squatting, and tried again not to think about what he wanted to do to Hux. I can…hurt you. “Let’s slow down even more,” said Hux, just as the song had reached its peak. He counted even slower while Kylo squatted, drawing out the numbers. Kylo could feel his breathing growing heavy, could smell the salt on Hux’s skin, fought with himself not to give in to those desires. When he finally called out “seven……..eight,” he rose to full height, determined to make Hux pay. “One,” said Kylo. He closed his eyes and thought about Hux’s berry-red mouth pressed against his dick. “Two,” he said languidly, imagining how beautifully Hux would take it, at least if the hunger in his eyes was any indication. “Three,” and it was becoming harder for him not to roll his hips, to imagine kittenish licks and throaty moans. “Four.” Below Kylo, Hux was beginning to show signs of fatigue, his brow creased and his legs beginning to shake. He must have remarkable core strength, he thought. “Five,” Kylo added, almost as an afterthought, looking down at Hux and meeting his eyes. “Six…” and he certainly looked less polished and in control than he did three minutes ago. Kylo thought about other ways he could make Hux come undone. “Seven,” though, he reflected, that would mean having to work together in order to gain that intimacy. If it meant cooperating and getting along better with Hux, he’d take it. “And eight,” he said, looking down indulgently. Hux huffed, slowly standing up on his wobbly legs. He wiped his brow and cocked an eyebrow at Kylo. “Well, Ren, I suppose you’ve earned your right to cool off.” Notes: You can also find KyloReam on tumblr ! Chapter 10 : by nickhellagay Chapter by Angryangryowl , courgette96 , cracktheglasses (cormallen) , Eralk Fang (EralkFang) , gundamoocow , KyloReam , MoonwalkingCrab , nickhellagay , the-garbage-chute (ekp) , theascetic Notes: *Sweats nervously* Aw, man, I don’t even know anymore. I really tried to keep up the sexual tension, but my brain demanded crack. So wacky sexual tension it is! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) The proposed break came as a godsend. Kylo was relieved beyond measure. So relieved, in fact, that he didn’t notice the incoming flying, soaked towel before it hit him in the face with a wet smack. He grunted in pain, throwing Hux a dirty look, at which the General merely smirked in satisfaction. Disgruntled, he turned around to wipe his face. The feeling of the ice-cold cloth against his flushed face was maybe the most delicious thing Kylo had felt in a while, and a loud, traitorous moan escaped his lips as he dragged it over his face and down his neck. Behind him, he could hear Hux’s breath hitch, causing him to turn his head around. Hux is standing a couple of meters away from him, his face flushed and damp from his own wet towel, which is dangling limply from his hand. He had that hungry look upon his face again; jaws clenched and eyes flashing. Kylo smirked, making another obscene sound as he continued wiping his neck, continuing down his shoulders and arms. He could see Hux’s fis clench around his towel, drops of water spilling onto the otherwise immaculate floor. Still smirking, he turned back to properly stretch at his sore muscles. He had survived the first, torturous session with Hux, and it had even paid off with some very interesting information. Kylo Ren may be socially inept without his mind reading abilities, but he was fairly sure he didn’t need the Force to decipher the looks and suggestions the General had been throwing his way mere minutes ago. “Your hair has come undone.” It took all the willpower Kylo had not to flinch. Hux was standing behind him, his breath tickling Kylo’s ear as he spoke. Pulling another pink hair band from his fanny pack, he quickly secured Kylo’s hair back in place. He could feel his skin at the back of his neck tingle from the brief touch, and he bit harshly down on his lip when Hux moved even closer against him, feeling the General’s chest pressed against his back. Notes: You can also find nickhellagay on tumblr ! Chapter 11 : by rebelwerewolf Chapter by Angryangryowl , courgette96 , cracktheglasses (cormallen) , Eralk Fang (EralkFang) , gundamoocow , KyloReam , MoonwalkingCrab , nickhellagay , Rebelwerewolf , the-garbage-chute (ekp) , theascetic Notes: I’m afraid I’m terribly out of my depth here, having no experience with aerobics and having never written a single word of smut in my life. I pretty much just kept it to innuendo. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) “Relax,” the General purred directly in Kylo’s ear. Without further warning, Kylo felt Hux’s arms wrapping around him, massaging his pectorals, squeezing his biceps, and kneading his shoulders. Kylo stood frozen; it was suddenly very difficult to breathe. “What did I just say? Relax.” Hux chided. Was it just Kylo’s imagination, or was the General’s tone softer than usual? He certainly wasn’t imagining the hard length pressing against his ass. He arched his back and craned his neck to look, hoping to use this newfound knowledge against the General. Up until now, Hux had clearly been winning their confrontation, and Kylo desperately wanted to turn the tables, to see the other man squirm and blush. It was the fanny pack. Mildly disappointed, Kylo tried to look straight ahead again, but Hux caught his chin in one slender hand. The General was smirking, a mischievous glint in his eyes. “Did you need something?” Kylo opened his mouth to respond, found it incapable of forming words, and closed it again. He shook his head slightly, but Hux was already backing away and unzipping the main compartment of his fanny pack. From it, he pulled out his data pad, swiped a slightly damp finger across the screen, and started to read, his signature scowl creeping over his face. Kylo’s eyes widened as he stared into the mysterious depths of the pink fanny pack. Now that the data pad had been removed, he could see a pack of tissues, a shiny metal cylinder about the size of his thumb that could be a tube of lipstick, a bottle of clear liquid that might be hand sanitizer, and a large black object with an unmistakable shape. He bit back a nervously aroused gasp. Maybe the liquid wasn’t hand sanitizer after all. Hux finished whatever it was he was reading on his data pad and returned it to his fanny pack, zipping it up again. “We have just under an hour left, if we’re to shower and be on the bridge by 0800. Are you quite all right?” he asked Kylo with such innocence that the Knight wondered if he had truly seen what he thought he saw inside Hux’s pack or if his desire had finally taken over his mind. “Have some water,” Hux continued as he sauntered over to his duffel bag - also pink. Kylo made a mental note that the General seemed partial to the color. “I would hate to break my co-commander.” Hux bent in half to retrieve the two water bottles from his duffel, presenting Kylo with an unobstructed view of his butt, clad only in thin, stretchy fabric. It was small but muscular, and the Knight envisioned cupping it in his hands. Hux shifted his weight, wiggling his tiny ass ever so slightly, and Kylo involuntarily ran his tongue across his lips. Notes: You can also find rebelwerewolf on tumblr ! Chapter 12 : by saltandlimes Chapter by Angryangryowl , courgette96 , cracktheglasses (cormallen) , Eralk Fang (EralkFang) , gundamoocow , KyloReam , MoonwalkingCrab , nickhellagay , Rebelwerewolf , saltandlimes , the-garbage-chute (ekp) , theascetic Notes: Well. It got to me, and thus it got to dirty talk and the beginnings of smut. What did you expect? ;) (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) He ran his tongue over his lips, only to realize that Hux was looking over his shoulder, eyes bright, gleaming even in the sharp lights of the room. Was staring at his lips. “Ren… you know, I’m not sure we ever worked out our differences…” Hux walked towards him, footsteps a soft pad on the floor. And that tight spandex, well it didn’t hide anything. Kylo’s breath sped up, hissing soft through his pursed lips. And then Hux was in front of him, that fanny pack still strapped to his waist, a bulge over another bulge. He swallowed, tried to get his voice back enough to say something, to say anything. “I thought you said we only had an hour?” And it wasn’t the most brilliant come back ever, but Kylo was frankly grateful that anything coherent had come out of his mouth after all. Hux’s hair was stuck to his forehead, sweat plastering it down, darkening it. Kylo couldn’t help but wonder if that’s how it would look after a long night in bed. Or would Hux let him run his hands through it, pull strands into disarray? Let him tousle and tease it, change Hux into something real, something human? Hux smiled, a shark’s grin. “Oh, I think that, given the proper incentive, I could afford to be a little late.” Kylo choked. Did Hux mean what he thought? Hux’s fingers made him start as they tipped up his chin. Warm, damp, too soft and smooth from too many hours in slick leather gloves. “Do you think you could give me that, Ren?” And Kylo found himself nodding frantically, desperate. Because… because he might just get what he’s been dreaming of all these weeks and it was so close he could practically taste Hux’s dick on his tongue already. “Why don’t you show me?” And Hux pushed two fingers past the slight part of Kylo’s lips. They were even better against his tongue than they had been under his chin, and Kylo couldn’t help the moan that spilled out as he sucked them further inside. Above where he knelt on the floor, Hux gave a short answering groan. “Use your tongue, Kylo. I want to know what I’m getting before I buy.” And Kylo tried, mouth flooding with spit at the idea that he might actually get this, that this might actually be about to happen. He sucked even harder, tried to tongue over the fingers as they pressed back, back into his throat. “That’s a good boy. I bet that tongue is gonna feel just as good against my cock. I bet your mouth will be all loose now. We’ve done enough stretching today that some of it must have rubbed off somewhere.” Kylo tried to swallow down hard, but there were four fingers in his mouth, and he couldn’t, just couldn’t, and spit started to drip down his chin. “Look at you. You’re a pretty little mess, Ren. Is this why you act out so much? Because no one’s filling up this mouth like it belongs to be filled? Because I’m not around to shove my cock down it?” Hux glanced down, raked his eyes across Kylo’s dick. And Kylo felt himself blush. “Well.. don’t worry. I’ll fill it up for you. I’m gonna fuck it so well. You tried so hard today in class, Ren. I saw. Those grapevines are hard for anyone. And you tried. I know you’re gonna try just as hard here.” Kylo nodded. Yes. Yes he would. “Don’t worry, Ren. I’ll let me show you how good you could be. I’ll let you suck me down, wrap your tongue around my dick. I know you can do it, know you’ll look so nice with your mouth all stretched out around my cock. Just like you look now, all sweaty from reconditioning. From my class. I knew this would be good for you. And just look at you know.” Notes: You can also find saltandlimes on tumblr ! Chapter 13 : by John the Alligator Chapter by Angryangryowl , courgette96 , cracktheglasses (cormallen) , Eralk Fang (EralkFang) , gundamoocow , John the Alligator (Chyronic) , KyloReam , MoonwalkingCrab , nickhellagay , Rebelwerewolf , saltandlimes , the-garbage-chute (ekp) , theascetic Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) When Hux’s fingers pulled out of his mouth, slowly, fingertips dragging over his wet lower lip and stretching his mouth wide, Kylo whined. For an instant he was afraid that pulling his hand away and shifting his weight back meant Hux had changed his mind, or worse, that– but Hux’s hands were only moving as far as his own waist, shifting the fanny pack around so that he could take it off. Kylo resisted the urge to dip nervously into Hux’s mind and check in, forcing away the anxiety that roiled under his skin. Instead, as soon as Hux let the pack fall to the floor, he leaned forward. His knees scraped against the unfamiliar texture of these pants and the floor, briefly reminding him of the parts of this situation his libido didn’t have a monopoly on. Before he could stop himself, Kylo’s mind lept to context: the last time he’d been in this position–to be euphemistic–he wasn’t a commander, wasn’t the Master of the Knights but one of many, and he found himself wondering if debasing himself like this in Hux’s eyes would come back to haunt him. The thought flickered across his mind, traitorously quick: _Wait, what if this was a test and I–_ No. He refused, dug his fingers into his own thighs and refused to consider that line of thought any further, finished the motion before Hux could get a word in and pressed his spit-wet lips against Hux’s cock to hear him bite off a gasp instead. That centered him somewhat: the strain in Hux’s voice that cut through the sarcasm when he said, “Eager, are we?”, the pause before the words formed. Hux smelled human and even through cloth his body heat, his obvious arousal, the physical proof that he wanted him was intoxicating. “I can work with that,” Hux added as Kylo mouthed along the line of his cock, pressing open-mouthed kisses through the thin fabric. “As much as I appreciate the–extended preview,” Hux said, voice slightly worn around the edges, “I said I would fill you, Ren, because you need it.” Kylo considered just obeying the implicit order. He really did. Then he fastened his lips against the head of Hux’s cock as best he could and sucked instead. Hux wrapped one hand in Kylo’s hair and jerked him back by it, held him there. Kylo didn’t bother to contain the noise that got out of him, and if he arched his back unnecessarily to make sure Hux remembered he was shirtless, well, it worked. “_Ren_,” Hux said. “I refuse to have worked you open for nothing and all you are proving is that I am right to take full advantage of your mouth. Now you’re going to suck me off like a good boy, because I know you can,” he added, bringing his other hand to cup Kylo’s jaw, thumb tugging at his now-oversensitive lips. “Is that clear?” It took Kylo a moment to find his voice again. “Yes,” he said, “yes.” Notes: You can also find John the Alligator on tumblr ! Chapter 14 : by the4th3rd Chapter by Angryangryowl , courgette96 , cracktheglasses (cormallen) , Eralk Fang (EralkFang) , gundamoocow , John the Alligator (Chyronic) , KyloReam , MoonwalkingCrab , nickhellagay , Rebelwerewolf , saltandlimes , the-garbage-chute (ekp) , the4th3rd , theascetic Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Kylo took Hux’s cock his mouth with a slurp calling to mind the act of eating oysters. Unfortunately, it was far less graceful than eating oysters, as Kylo swallowed him down much too ambitiously. The sensation of Kylo’s gagging pulled a short moan from Hux, though he was loath to give it up. Kylo, overcoming his hubris, pulled back and started to bob his head at a safer point. He was pulled back toward the root, as Hux chided, “oh no you don’t, I’m going to make you work for it, remember?” Kylo, visibly frustrated, considered biting Hux. Deciding against it, he continued to suck sloppily, if not valiantly. Notes: You can also find the4th3rd on tumblr ! Chapter 15 : by valda Chapter by Angryangryowl , courgette96 , cracktheglasses (cormallen) , Eralk Fang (EralkFang) , gundamoocow , John the Alligator (Chyronic) , KyloReam , MoonwalkingCrab , nickhellagay , Rebelwerewolf , saltandlimes , the-garbage-chute (ekp) , the4th3rd , theascetic , valda Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) “Hands behind your back,” Hux said, his voice suddenly gentle. It was an odd counterpoint to the way his fist was tightening in Kylo’s hair. “You can do this, I know you can.” The urge to bite subsided completely. Kylo felt out of breath, dizzy; a thick heat was rising in his chest. He sucked in a gasp of air around Hux’s cock. After a beat he remembered that Hux had issued him a command. Kylo quickly moved his hands to the small of his back, clasping his right hand securely around his left wrist. He gazed up at Hux as best he could, eyes burning, and fought to keep his jaw slack. Hux had given him a preview with his fingers, but now, with Hux’s fully erect cock filling him just as Hux had promised, Kylo was realizing he hadn’t truly been prepared. It had been so long since he’d done anything like this. Hux’s cock was so good, so perfect. He wanted to milk it with his mouth. He wanted to drink Hux’s come. A whimper shuddered out between his lips, cut off abruptly as Hux slid slowly back in. The head of his cock edged into Kylo’s throat, and Kylo struggled desperately not to gag. He couldn’t control his spit; he worked to swallow, eyes screwing shut against hot tears. “Good,” Hux said, but was it really? Was Kylo anything more than a hot hole for Hux to fill? The tears were rolling down his cheeks now, mingling with the spit on his chin. “You’re doing so well,” Hux murmured, drawing back. Kylo choked out a sob, tightening his lips, sucking hard, thrashing his tongue frantically against Hux’s cock. “Slower,” Hux said. “Be gentle for now, Ren.” Kylo inhaled deeply through his nose, pushing his panic down. He had an objective now, and he turned his mind to it completely. He explored Hux’s cock with the tip of his tongue, pressing at the slit, licking there, sliding down to probe at the base of the head, then running slowly down the length. Kylo let his lips roll gently along the shaft as he took Hux deeper and deeper. He felt Hux draw a shaky breath. “Yes,” Hux said. “Good.” Then Hux was stroking through Kylo’s hair, his fingertips soothing points of pressure against Kylo’s scalp. It was such a casual touch. So familiar. So intimate. Kylo trembled, unable to contain a moan, and fresh tears squeezed themselves from his eyes. Notes: You can also find valda on tumblr ! Chapter 16 : by thethirstorder Chapter by Angryangryowl , courgette96 , cracktheglasses (cormallen) , Eralk Fang (EralkFang) , gundamoocow , John the Alligator (Chyronic) , KyloReam , MoonwalkingCrab , nickhellagay , Rebelwerewolf , saltandlimes , the-garbage-chute (ekp) , the4th3rd , theascetic , thethirstorder (KaiserPhoenix) , valda Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Painfully slowly, Kylo took the rest of Hux’s length into his mouth. Hux reached down to trace along Kylo’s jawline and cup his chin. Hux’s other hand continued its methodical stroking of Kylo’s hair, a gentle touch that Kylo might have mistaken for affection, had he not known how much Hux hated him. A tear spilled down Kylo’s cheek and onto Hux’s guiding hand. Kylo made a broken sound, a growl of anger mixed with a whimper of shame. Hux looked down at the sorry sight before him. He had expected to enjoy this, to revel in dominating the Master of the Knights of Ren and to finally seek retribution for all of Kylo’s fits of destruction. Here he was with the very personification of a headache kneeling before him, mouth on his cock and on the verge of bursting into tears, and yet Hux could not be more unsatisfied, even if Kylo managed to bring him to orgasm. Suppressing a sigh, Hux dropped his hand from Kylo’s face and steadied the hand in his hair, bringing Ren to a halt. “Open up. That’s it,” Hux said softly. He withdrew from Kylo’s mouth, taking a step backward. The second he did so; Kylo began to cry in earnest. His face crumpled and he covered his eyes with his hands, rubbing at them furiously as if he could erase his self-loathing with that one action. He gasped, struggling to breathe as choked sobs welled deep in his chest and strangled his words. “Hu-Hux…” Kylo tried to speak — he would have begged Hux for another chance to please him, to prove that he was worthy, to prove that he was capable and that he could be ever so good, if only he had another chance. “Shhh.” Hux knelt down to level himself with Kylo, his cock still absurdly hard. When Hux’s hands touched his own, Kylo jerked away on instinct, but Hux was undeterred. He took Kylo’s hands from his face and held them in his own. “Ren. I need you to stop. You’ve been so good, so very good for me—” “I ha-haven’t!” Ren sobbed. “I ca-can’t even d-do this… Let me try…” Ren made a grab for Hux’s cock, but Hux held him off. “Shhh,” Hux said again. “This is reconditioning, Ren. It’s — it can be a challenge.” Hux paused, taking in Kylo’s tear-stained face and stricken expression. “But like any challenge and all the challenges you’ve faced thus far, you will overcome it.” Hux got up and strode to the other side of the room. He sat, leaning against the mirrored wall. “Now, come here.” He gestured to his lap. Kylo sniffed and followed him, lying down with his head in Hux’s lap. Hux threaded his fingers through Kylo’s hair once again and his other hand slipped under Kylo’s grey tank top. Kylo flinched, but Hux began to rub slow circles over Kylo’s sculpted abdomen. Hux brought a hand up to pinch one of Kylo’s nipples and Kylo yelped, but did not move away at all. Languidly, Hux bent over slightly to trail his hand down to the bulge in Kylo’s own trousers. “Now,” said Hux, “Let’s try something different.” Notes: You can also find thethirstorder on tumblr ! Chapter 17 : by jonstarks Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) “Tell me,” Hux continued. “How do you feel?” Kylo’s eyelids fluttered, dark lashes shading his cheeks. “What?” he asked, voice trembling. Incredulous. “What do you mean?” “How do you feel,” Hux repeated, far too calmly, as he brushed his fingers across Kylo’s inner thigh then up to his chest and down again. He caressed Kylo’s hip, trailed a path up to his collarbones, to the pulse point in his neck. “Described it to me.” “Hux–,” Kylo said. “I don’t – I don’t understand…” “Tell me what is that you’re feeling,” Hux said. He brought one finger up to Kylo’s lips, dry and chapped under his touch. “How does this feel?” He tangled his hand in a stray lock of hair, pulled on it. “What about this?” He pinched Kylo’s nipple, again, making him jolt. “Describe it to me.” “But – you said,” Kylo began, then stopped. “I though you would–” He shifted where he lay, thrusting his hips into the air. Hux had to smile. “Not yet,” he said. “Patience.” Kylo needed to calm down first, needed to get back whatever little control he’d had in the first place, or this entire thing would be over as it had just barely begun. That, and it would be counter-productive in the long run, to coddle Ren like this when he was in one of his moods. “How are you feeling right now?” Hux asked again, going back to playing idly with the damp strands of Kylo’s hair. “Go head, tell me.” Kylo cleared his throat, closed his eyes. Shifted his head into Hux’s lap as if he wanted to pretend he was somewhere else. “Strange,” he said. “Overwhelmed. ‘M just – I can’t do this, Hux.” He sounded closes to sobbing. “I can’t. I’m sorry. I can’t.” Notes: You can also find liesmith on tumblr !