‘This wasn’t supposed to happen.’ Hux took another long drag of his cigarette and watched the wisps of smoke in the semi-darkness when he blew out. He looked down at the sleeping figure. Kylo Ren slept like the dead. He had told Hux once that he slept too deeply to dream because otherwise he would be unable to sleep due to the nightmares, and was curled round Hux with his head on Hux’s sheet-covered lap. They were both naked and sated after a very enthusiastic round of sex. Hux dropped one of his hands to slowly and gently glide his fingers through that long black hair. ‘It was supposed to just be fucking; just a way to deal with the stress of everything. Doing it with a member of the Order was out of the question; I’m in too high a position to fraternise like that, and meeting with a civilian is a risk should they have Resistance connections. That left you as the only logical option.’ He let out a bitter chuckle. ‘Well alright, that’s not entirely true. I was doomed the second you took off that horrendous helmet of yours for the first time in my presence and I saw your eyes, and that’s so bloody clichéd I’m ashamed of myself, but that is the truth. ‘I told myself if I kept it strictly to sex and never gave into the possibility of more I would be fine, and I was, for a time. We carried on just having sex and it was great but then, of course, you ruined it. You just had to fight yourself nearly to death on Starkiller and make me think about what would happen if you weren’t around to piss me off any more and I found that I just couldn’t stand it.’ He could still taste the blood that had been on Kylo’s lips when he’d kissed the knight on the shuttle as they’d left Starkiller behind. They’d kissed before, but that had been the first one that had happened outside one of their hook-ups. Kylo had looked delirious and confused, but he’d smiled weakly and muttered “I thought you hated me” before dropping into unconscious oblivion. ‘I never hated you. Not really. You frustrated me to Hell, but I could never hate you as much as I felt like I should. Damn you.’ He leaned down and kissed the top of Kylo’s head. It was an awkward angle, but he was still able to reach and breathe in that strange, warm, woody scent that Kylo possessed. He paused for a moment after he sat up again, worried that Kylo would stir, but the knight remained still and unknowing to what Hux was saying. ‘I haven’t been given a lot of things in my life, not really. I’ve taken them, I’ve worked for them, and I’ve had so many things taken away as well.’ He could still see his mother's face, tears flowing from her eyes, as he was dragged away from her. ‘But tonight when you told me you love me, that you would give yourself to me entirely, I nearly cried. I’m sure half the universe would be shocked to hear that I’m capable of such a display of emotion.’ Hux swallowed thickly, fingers running lightly over Kylo's cheek. ‘I can’t stand seeing you in pain, you know? I hate it. I hate all of the kriffing nonsense you had to deal with growing up, the lies and secrets, and I hate what you’ve been put through by the Su-‘ He cut himself off, as if by speaking Snoke’s name the being would know of this personal treachery. There had been stories like that when he was a child growing up on Arkanis; monsters in the forest that if you talked about them out loud they would sneak through your window in the night and steal you away to eat you. Hux put out the cigarette. ‘Sometimes I want to just say damn it all, damn the Order, damn the Resistance and the Jedi and all this nonsense and just run away with you to some forgotten corner of space and keep you safe, but I know how stupid that is. We're men of war, simple as that. This is the life we were born for. To be honest I wouldn't even know what to do with myself if I wasn't a General. Sometimes I even wish.....’ He trailed off. He couldn’t say that most secret of desires, not even when alone with Kylo asleep and only the darkness to take his confession. Hux shook his head. ‘But that’s not going to happen. One day this will all come crashing down, either by the hands of the Resistance or...... other means.’ Another lump came up in Hux’s throat and this time he could feel tears on his cheeks. ‘You’re the only thing in this life that I truly want to keep. You think you’re too broken to deserve this, but I’m the one who doesn’t deserve you, Kylo. You are so beautiful, so loyal. So I want to keep you with me for as long as I can.’ Hux carefully slid down into a lying position, making sure not to wake Kylo as he did so. As soon as he was on his side he gathered Kylo into his arms so that the knight’s head was pillowed on Hux’s chest. Kylo grunted, but smiled as he unconsciously nuzzled closer to Hux in his sleep, throwing an arm across the General’s waist. Leaning to Kylo’s ear Hux whispered, ‘because I’ve given myself to you too, Kylo. I love you. For as long as you want, you can have every part of me; black heart, pathetic body, and wretched soul.’ With the briefest of kisses to Kylo’s forehead Hux fell asleep and there was nothing in the dark but silence once more. Notes: Every time I tell myself I'm done with these jerks I get another idea. *sigh* Thanks for reading, as always kudos and comments are very very very much appreciated.