The one before the wedding The rehearsal was beautiful. Rey had never seen such a spectacular event, nor such a near perfect couple. Her brother and her best friend. Poe and Finn. It made her so happy to think that they were finally getting married. It was something that they had always wanted to do, and finally they had been able to plan everything out and just do it. She was also really happy that they were able to travel for the wedding as well. They somehow had enough money thanks to Poe and Rey’s parents to get the whole crew of friends and relatives out to Vegas. She sat in a hallway, sipping her glass of wine, as people flooded out of the banquet hall that the rehearsal dinner was held in. She watched as the couples came through, and the relatives and friends. She sighed, looking through the double doors at her two best friends. Would she ever have that? She bit her lip. With her emotions unsteady from the fond memories and kind words spoken at the rehearsal, she found it hard to keep from crying. She downed her drink and quickly filled it again. Another twenty minutes passed and there was still no sign of the night coming to a complete stop. She had assumed they would all go back to the hotel earlier than this; a good night’s rest seemed essential to a nice wedding. A few more refills later, Rey was beginning to feel tipsy. She cursed under her breath; she should have known to stop three drinks ago. She stood up from her spot against the wall and scanned the banquet hall for familiar faces. Finn and Poe were still talking with the remaining guests. Phasma, her roommate, was talking in a serious tone to a man in a suit; no doubt discussing business prospects. Hux was stationed at the bar, slowly nursing a beer as he watched the people come and go around him. She never understood the joy of watching people around her as much as her neighbor from across the hall did. His roommate, Ben, stood next to Finn, adding his comments to the conversation when necessary but over all remained silent, slowly drinking his glass of wine. He looked over to her, having felt her gaze upon him, and gave her a soft smile. She returned the gesture, and watched as he gave a polite farewell, and withdrew from the conversation altogether. He walked over to her, taking long, slow strides. “Enjoying the festivities?” He asked, a playful smile on his lips as he brought his glass up to his mouth. Rey nodded, slightly, and set her once again empty glass on the table next to her. “I’m really happy for Finn and Poe.” She tells him. He sees the expression that crosses her face and raises his eyebrows at her, asking her to continue. “But I’m sad. Its not the three of us anymore; it's them, the couple, and me, the loner who can’t keep a boyfriend for more than a month.” She rambles slightly. “Oh, come on, don’t say that.” Ben says, grabbing her hand and rubbing the pad of his thumb over the back of it, sending shivers up her spine from the contact. “You just haven’t met a guy that can’t keep up with you and your crazy life.” “You mean put up with me and my crazy life?” Rey corrects. “Something like that.” Ben compromises. She laughs at him, a bit harder than she should. She pauses and tilts her head, “Can you tell I’ve had one too many drinks?” Ben laughs, and gives her a nod. “Come on, I’ll take you back to the hotel.” /// Ben leads Rey all the way to her door. She smiles up at him and squeezes his hand as a thank you, before silently entering the room. He stands at her door for a few moments, before realizing what he’s doing and walking a few doors down the hall to the room he shares with Hux. He assumes Hux will be out all night, or end up in someone else’s room. He seemed to like to do that while in Vegas, or anywhere on vacation. With this conclusion drawn, Ben assumed he’d be spending the night alone. He was wrong. Not even half an hour later, Rey shows up at his door, with a single sentence that causes his entire world to go up in flames. “Kiss me, Ben.” Chapter 2 : The one with the wedding Notes: sorry it took me so long to update! vacation, school work, etc etc, the usual lame excuses. but i'm back! and hopefully i will have a few more updates coming your way soon! xx and also, thank you so much for the feedback! it was such a short chapter, just an intro, and it got some really nice feedback, and that was really nice so thanks :3 (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Ben woke with a start. He squinted his eyes at the desert sunlight pouring into the room from the window, and turned his head the other way, only to be blinded by something else– someone else– Rey. He sat bolt upright in his bed, recalling the events of the night before. She had shown up late last night and things went much farther than Ben had intended them to; the image of her warm lips kissing every part of him as he ran his hands through her silk hair brought a warm feeling to his chest. He’s brought out of his thoughts on last night to a small yawn and a wispy, “Morning,” that comes from Rey. As soon as she goes to sit up, there’s a distant cough, and a jingle of keys, and Ben nearly tackles Rey in order to hide her under the covers. She easily slides down, with her head near his thigh, and he looks down at her in awe at how easily her body fits with his, even at this odd angle. Hux walks in not a second later, throwing his keys onto the dresser and placing his jacket on his bed. “Hey, man.” He says, and Ben can’t return the casual gesture in fear that he might give something away. Hux waits for an answer, and when he doesn’t get one, he turns back to look at Ben, with a suspicious look on his face. “What’s wrong with you?” “Nothing.” Ben replies. Hux continues to stare at him, but doesn’t question anything, simply telling the other man that he’s going to go get breakfast. He closes the door with a slam, and Rey quickly pops up from under the covers. “Do you think he noticed?” She asks. Ben shakes his head with a smile. She gives him a quick kiss on the cheek, surprising him, before reaching for his shirt at the end of the bed. They both quickly get dressed, neither really talking to the other, and Rey leaves silently to help with wedding preparations. /// They don’t see each other again until they are about to walk down the aisle. Ben loops his arm around Rey’s, and they wait at the doorway to walk out after Hux and Phasma. “Last night was nice.” Rey says, quietly, only to Ben. “I just wanted to say thanks, I just... “ She breaks off with a quirk of her mouth, “I just needed a distraction from everything. Thank you for being that distraction.” “You’re welcome. And you’re right, it was nice.” Ben smiles at her, and prays to the heavens that his long wavy hair covers the tops of his now pink ears. They were only seconds away from walking, when Ben leans down to her ear, whispering, “What if I came over tonight?” His low voice catches Rey off guard, and she eagerly gives a silent nod, feeling a blush spread into her cheeks. They start walking down the aisle, and Rey can’t help but notice how perfectly her arm fits into Ben’s. It's a beautiful ceremony, and Rey stands happily, smiling lightly as the two lovebirds finally exchange their first kiss as a wedded couple. She catches Ben’s eye, though, and she can’t help the wide grin that breaks out onto her face. He smiles back at her. Rey feels only slightly bad that most of her attention is on Ben as the night progresses, and not on her friend and brother. She watches as he stays with Finn, Poe and Hux, laughing, and eating throughout the night. She stays at the table with Phasma next to her, and a few of their other friends that came with them. Phasma chatted lightly with the others, and Rey truthfully tried to pay attention, but her focus was all on the tall, wavy haired man standing next to her brother. She quietly muttered to the women at her table that she was going to use the restroom. They paid her no attention and continued on with their chatter. With little difficulty, she found the hallway to the bathrooms, which was just as elegant as the rest of the hotel, and Rey looked around thoughtfully as she washed her hands and splashed some water on her face. She was the only one in the bathroom, but the warm lighting made it seem so warm and welcoming; even if it was just a bathroom. She grabbed one of the cloth towels, and pressed the warm, soft fabric onto her face, letting out a deep sigh before removing the towel and staring at her reflection again. “Get it together,” Rey murmured to herself. She’d never looked at Ben like this before, and after only one night together, she couldn’t seem to get him out of her head. She needed to find him. She quickly reapplied some of the light makeup she had put on before the ceremony, thanking herself that she hadn’t put on too much in the first place. She walked out into the hallway, with a plan to talk with Ben, only to jump at the sight of Ben, standing in the hallway. He quickly strode over to her, and before she could even say anything, he kisses her. It was a chaste kiss, light with a flare of hunger. He let her go all too soon, though. “I overheard Hux’s plans to win over one of the bridesmaids, so he will most likely be gone tonight. Come to my hotel room, after the crowd has died down, okay?” he said, handing her a key to his room. She quickly put it into her small purse, and checked the time on her phone; 8 pm. She would only have to wait a few more hours to again be with Ben. She gave him a quick kiss, and squeezed his hand, before drifting back into the reception. /// A few hours turned out to feel like a few years. A few hours with endless chatter about the newly wedded felt like hell. Finally, Rey was able to escape with most of the other guests and she also happened to notice Ben leaving too. Only a few people were left in the dining area, and she quickly made her way up to her hotel room. When she got in, she her backpack she had taken on the plane, and stuffed clean clothes in. “So, where are you headed tonight?” A voice came from behind her. She looked behind her to see Finn, at the doorway. She rushed over to hug him, and he happily accepted. “So, where you going? Phasma told me you didn’t sleep here last night.” Finn asked. “Oh, well last night, I was kinda drunk, so Jess helped me, and I crashed in her room.” Rey lied. Fortunately though, Finn trusted her too much to believe she would lie, and he only awaited the second part of her answer. “And tonight… well, I met a guy.” She said. It wasn’t a complete lie, which made her feel a bit better. Finn smirked at her, “Well I don’t want to keep the lucky guy waiting, go get some! I just wanted to tell you that Poe and I are leaving for our Honeymoon in twenty minutes.” Rey hugs him again, “Have so much fun in Hawaii! Take lots of pictures! I’ll see you back in New York next week.” They said their farewells, and Rey also told Poe goodbye before nearly sprinting to Ben’s room. He opened the door, sweeped her into the room, and shut the door, all in less than a second. His lips were on hers and she knew she was in for another blissful night. Notes: so I've decided to make this a non-smutty fic for a few reasons: 1 - I want to make this like the tv show, which implies the sex, but doesn't go as far as showing it. we're keeping it PG-13 ;) 2 - I cannot write smut. If someone wants to help me write some up, please by all means, message me here. thanks for reading. feedback is worth 60 portions :) Notes: this plot idea has such potential, i hope i don't murder it