First Kiss ”Wait, so… You’ve never been kissed?” Hux asks, swallowing down a laugh when he sees Kylo’s serious face. His gaze is down and he’s tracing the patterns on the carpet with his fingers. Hux nods to himself and sighs. “Okay then.” “Is it lame?” Kylo asks and finally meets Hux’s eyes again. “What?” “You know”, Kylo rolls his eyes and bites his lip, flipping his hair so it covers his face. “Do you think it makes me lame?” Hux raises his eyebrows, wondering if Kylo is asking this for real. Most likely yes, knowing him. Not that Hux really knows him that well, they have been lab partners for a few weeks now, but those two hours a week, plus some time chatting on the hallways, isn’t really enough time to get to really know someone. “Great!” Kylo barks when Hux doesn’t answer. “Now even you think I’m lame...” “I don’t think you’re lame”, Hux says. He pushes his chemistry book aside and moves a little closer to Kylo. “I mean, you sometimes act like a total loser, but you’re okay.” “When do I ever act like a loser?” Kylo asks, giving Hux a daring look. “Like right now for example”, Hux says with a smirk. Kylo looks mildly offended when he gets up from the floor and kicks his notebook (which is filled with his unreadable handwriting) and walks to the other side of the room. He leans his shoulder against the wall and looks out of the window, it’s raining outside, which makes him look like an overdramatic actor. On second thought that’s what he usually is like. Hux gets up too and follows him. “Okay come here”, he says, stretching out his hand. Kylo gives him a questioning look. “Kylo, come on.” Kylo squints his eyes and Hux sighs when he doesn’t move. “Kylo, please.” Kylo finally takes Hux’s hand and steps closer to him. Hux suddenly feels very small. “Close your eyes”, Hux orders and Kylo does so, doubting just a little. “Stay still, okay?” “Okay.” Hux takes a minute just to look at Kylo. His eyes are squished shut and he looks mildly horrified. Hux still doesn’t know why he likes Kylo so much, he’s noisy and awkward and an actual fucking nerd; his room is covered in Star Wars posters for God’s sake. Hux lifts his hands and cups Kylo’s cheeks, making him jump. “It’s okay. It’s just me”, Hux mumbles before leaning in and pressing the softest kiss on Kylo’s lips. He does it again, opening his eyes just to admire the faint blush on Kylo’s face. They kiss again and Kylo lifts his hands, touching Hux’s arms. His movements are awkward and unsure, so Hux takes Kylo’s hands in his and helps him settle them on his hips. Hux smirks when Kylo sighs against his lips, finally relaxing against him. They keep sharing soft kisses and Hux tries to ignore the stupid butterflies in his stomach. When there’s a knock on the door Hux quickly pushes Kylo away. Kylo looks flustered, his cheeks are still red and his lips swollen. “Yeah?” He says, his voice sounds throaty. Hux on the other hand is quick to go back to normal. He straightens his shirt and clears his throat. Kylo’s mother, Leia (she insisted Hux to call her that), opens the door and looks a little taken aback when both of the boys are standing in the middle of the room. “Are you two done studying?” she asks, smiling sweetly. “Y-yeah?” Kylo says, turning to look at Hux who nods. “That’s great. I’m so happy you’re helping Ben, he’s never been that good at math”, she smiles, addressing her words to Hux. “Mom, we were studying chemistry!” Kylo sighs, rolling his eyes. Hux is impressed he didn’t tell his mother how his name isn’t Ben. He does it quite often and sometimes it’s just too embarrassing to hear. “Well, you’re not very good at that either are you?” she asks, but her tone is not mean or cold, she’s just stating the fact. “I guess”, Kylo mumbles, shoving his hands in his pockets. His lower lip is slightly jutted out and Hux wants to kiss that stupid pout off his face. “Anyway, I was thinking if you’d like to stay for dinner, Hux?” “I, uh”, Hux looks at Kylo and then back to Leia again. “I need to go home, Wednesdays are family dinner days, my parents are very strict about it...” “Oh, well maybe another time”, she smiles and with that she leaves the room. Hux kneels on the floor to pack his stuff in silence, meanwhile Kylo goes to sit on his bed. Hux can hear him shift his position and move his hands from his lap on the bed and back on his lap and then in his pockets and back on the bed again. “It’s making me uncomfortable to watch you be so uncomfortable”, Hux says bluntly. “Does that make any sense?” “I get that a lot”, Kylo lets out an awkward laugh. “Do you really need to go?” “Yeah. Believe it or not Wednesday dinners are an actual thing.” “Oh. I thought you just wanted an excuse to not hang out”, Kylo smiles and Hux can’t really tell if he’s being sarcastic. “And why would I do that?” Hux quirks and eyebrow at Kylo. He stands up and Kylo does too, starting to lead him to the front door without answering. The rain has stopped, leaving a nice, fresh smell in the air. Hux stops at the porch, zipping his jacket close. Kylo warps his arms around himself and smiles shyly. “So”, he starts, “I was wondering if you’d maybe like to hang out tomorrow? Like, not study?” “Your awkwardness is painful, you know.” “Hey! I was just trying to be-” Hux cuts him off by kissing him again, just a peck on his lips and then another one before he pulls back. “Okay.” “Really?” “Sure”, Hux shrugs and starts walking backwards towards the driveway where his car is parked. “See you then!” Kylo smiles widely, clearly full of excitement. Hux nods and turns away, hearing Kylo close the door behind him. Chapter 2 : First Handjob Summary: Head's up, there's gonna be some awkward sexy times. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) ”What? Seriously?” Rey leans closer to Kylo, whisper-shouting her words while looking at Kylo with wide eyes. “Yeah”, Kylo nods, pushing her away when she keeps staring at him. “Wow.” Her eyebrows are raised and she has a puzzled look on her face. “I just always thought he was a cold hearted bastard. Are you sure you should hang out with him?” Rey turns her concerned eyes back to Kylo. “Whatever it even means to hang out with him. Yikes.” “What do you even care?” Kylo asks, biting down on his lower lip, -a nervous habit of his. “Of course I care if my best friend is getting involved into guys like him.” “Guys like hi- would you stop?” Kylo barks when Rey keeps giving him a look of disapproval. “Fine”, Rey sighs, throwing her hands up in surrender. “Ruin your life in peace.” “Does that mean I have your blessing?” “Idiot”, Rey sighs. “Anyway, I have biology, call me if he gets all weird on you, okay?” “Okay whatever, just go”, Kylo rolls his eyes. He doesn’t really care about Rey’s opinion about Hux, why should it matter? It’s not like Rey knows a thing about Hux. Though Hux does have kind of a reputation, people just don’t like him because he’s a straight A student and his parents are rich. Plus it’s not unlike Rey to worry about Kylo, she does it all the time, so Kylo decides to ignore her. - “Have you cleaned here?” Is the first thing Hux asks when he steps into Kylo’s room. He’s dressed in a pair of black jeans and a blue shirt. His hair is slightly wet from walking outside, Kylo supposes his is too. He sits down on his bed, letting Hux walk around his room. It feels kind of weird to have Hux in there, not in a bad way though. “Rey doesn’t like you”, Kylo blurts out when the silence stretches on. Hux turns to look at him. “Rey?” “Yeah I think she’s in your English class or something. She lives next door.” “Oh, right. Okay.” “Okay?” “Well, what am I supposed to say? People don’t usually like me”, Hux sighs and turns his back to Kylo, pretending to be interested in the Star Wars figures on Kylo’s shelf. “I like you”, Kylo admits and bites his lip again, he peers up at Hux when he turns his front to the bed again. Hux looks amused. “Don’t laugh at me!” Kylo says, sounding defensive. “I’m not laughing.” Kylo watches as Hux moves to sit next to him and then falls on his back, like yesterday. Kylo lies down next to him and this time he lies on his side, keeping his eyes on Hux. Hux has a drop of water on his eyelashes “What?” Hux asks when Kylo keeps looking at his eyes. He moves his gaze down, blinking the water drop away. “Nothing”, Kylo says, though he’s now smiling. He shuffles a little closer, making their noses brush together. “Can I kiss you?” Kylo asks, stumbling over the words. Hux rolls his eyes. “You don’t have to ask permission for that.” “I don’t? Oh. I just thought it was polite or-” Kylo swallows the rest of the sentence when Hux kisses him, softly at first, like he’s testing the waters. Kylo leans in for more, he licks Hux’s bottom lip and when their tongues meet he shivers. Hux feels so small against him. Kylo makes a mental note not to say that out loud, Hux would probably hit him. After mentally preparing himself for a minute, Kylo moves his arms from the bed to Hux’s hips and then carefully downwards, on his ass. Kylo can feel Hux letting out a chuckle against his lips. The two of them end up making out on Kylo’s bed for some time. Kylo hates how he feels a jolt of heat go through him every time Hux tugs his shirt or bites his neck. He also hates how Hux seems to keep his cool meanwhile Kylo is a mess, slowly getting hard in his pants. Hux breaks the kiss, pulling back a little. “Are your parents coming home soon?” He asks. Kylo immediately notices how his cheeks have reddened and how his hair is falling on his face. Usually Hux looks very polished, his clothes are clean and look like they’re customized for him, his hair is never in front of his face and he just has this certain vine about him. Kylo feels like he’s seeing a side of Hux that not many people have seen, at least he hopes so. “You know it’s not that hot to mention my parents in a situation like this”, Kylo says, trying to sound witty but stumbling too much. His lips feel swollen, though he’s pretty sure that’s not why he’s having a hard time forming words. “And what is this situation then?” Hux asks, raising his eyebrows. “Besides I always thought you had some sort of parent thing.” “What?” Kylo sits up, glaring at Hux who stretches out on the bed and puts his hands on his stomach. “Please tell me you are joking.” “What if I wasn’t? I can never be sure when it comes to you.” Kylo shakes his head and drops his gaze. He hates how he’s never sure if Hux is making fun of him or just being his mean self. Okay, Hux is not mean. Kylo let’s out an irritated sigh, wishing his mind would shut up for once. He doesn’t move when Hux sits up to rest his chin on Kylo’s shoulder. “Kylo”, he says in a weirdly soft tone. “Kylo...” Hux puts his hands on Kylo’s sides and starts sliding them down. He ducks his head and starts kissing Kylo’s neck again. “What are you doing?” Kylo asks though he knows exactly what Hux is doing. Hux starts undoing his jeans, still sitting behind him. “Is this okay?” Hux asks and stops. Kylo turns his head and smiles nervously at him, nodding. Hux smiles back, sort of. Kylo isn’t sure if he ever really smiles. Hux’s hands aren’t shaking at all and Kylo takes a hold of the sheets to get his own hands out of the way. He’d like it if he could see Hux but then again he’s not sure if he could take that. He couldn’t probably even hold Hux’s gaze- “Ah fuck”, Kylo moans when Hux’s hand slips in Kylo’s underwear and he takes a hold of his cock. Kylo lifts his ass and helps Hux pull his pants down mid-thigh. “God Kylo, you’re huge”, Hux mutters against Kylo’s shoulder. Kylo whimpers in response, bucking his hips up to meet Hux’s hand. Hux is teasing him, moving his hand up just a few inches and then going back down. “You’re not gonna last long, are you?” Hux asks when he has Kylo’s dick fully out of his underwear. Kylo wonders how Hux able to contain himself. “Kylo. Answer me”, Hux says as he runs his thumb over the tip, spreading pre-come on Kylo’s dick. His tone is firm and it makes Kylo shiver with pleasure. “No I’m- I’m not”, he manages. He’s leaning to Hux with pretty much all of his weight and Hux is leaning back, he feels warm and somehow bigger, hunched over Kylo like that. He fastens his hand and Kylo makes a pathetic noise in the back of his throat. He looks down and sees Hux’s hand sliding up and down his hard dick, his fingers that barely close around Kylo. He leans his head back on Hux’s shoulder when he comes, spilling over Hux’s knuckles and his own shirt, though he’s too dizzy to worry about the mess right now. Hux pulls his hand back and wipes it on Kylo’s shirt. “Hey!” Kylo tries to protest but he’s still coming down from his high and is too lazy to move. His voice comes out raspy and he’s out of breath. “It’s already covered in your cum”, Hux says like it’s no big deal. He shuffles a little further on the bed when Kylo pulls his pants back up and lies down. “You really didn’t last long”, Hux smirks. “Shut up”, Kylo mumbles, blushing. He looks at Hux, turns away and then looks back again. Hux looks a little flustered but doesn’t say anything. “Do you want me to, like, you know... Do it to you?” Hux snorts, literally snorts. Kylo glares at him, slightly offended. “No. It’s okay, really”, Hux says. “Oh. Okay. Okay, that’s good”, Kylo nods too many times. His hands start shaking again. “I mean I’m not sure if I-” “Kylo. Calm down”, Hux says and kicks Kylo’s arm softly. They share a look that probably means something but Kylo doesn’t know what. He just nods again, slower and more content this time. He takes a deep breath and tries to understand what just happened. Like it’s only now hitting him and he grins to himself. “You might wanna change your shirt before your parents come home”, Hux suggest after a moment of silence. “Probably”, Kylo sighs though he doesn’t get up. “Wanna make out first?” “Oh my god”, Hux laughs, or it’s more like a mix of a laugh and a snort. He turns to look at Kylo, unamused. “What?” Kylo’s smirk turns to a huge grin when Hux presses his body against Kylo’s bigger one. “Nothing, absolutely nothing.” Notes: Gosh these boys sure are moving fast!! But because this is not only smut based story the next chapter is gonna be called 'first date' so that should be interesting, right? I mean there's probably going to be some slightly nsfw stuff in that chapter too but we'll see. Also I rarely write smut so I don't know why I'm doing this but it's pretty funny, to me at least, so I hope you're enjoying this story too!! Chapter 3 : First Date Summary: “It’s a date then”, Kylo beams and then seems to realize his use of words and drops his gaze. “I mean-” “I know what you mean”, Hux says quickly. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The annoying, yet familiar blabber of the school hallways hits Hux the second he steps inside the building. He carries his books to his locker quickly, wanting to get away from all the people. He opens his locker and imagines being able to hide inside it. “Looking for something?” A familiar voice asks, making Hux jump and hit his head on the locker door. He’s met with Kylo’s sly smile, he’s waving Hux’s chemistry book in his hand. “How did you-”, Hux swallows the rest of his question. “Never mind...” Hux drops his gaze, he feels weird talking to Kylo after, well, certain things that happened between them. “Are you okay?” Kylo asks, stepping a little closer, leaving Hux with no escape. His back hits the cold surface of the lockers. “Sure”, Hux says, his tone coming out a little bitter. Kylo studies him with narrowed eyes and Hux pushes Kylo’s hand away when he tries to reach for the spot that collided with the locker door. “I don’t like it when you look at me like that”, Hux admits when Kylo keeps his eyes on Hux. Someone screams and then laughs somewhere in the hallway, and Hux feels a headache coming. “Like what?” Kylo asks, his eyes momentarily moving away from Hux. He smiles at someone and Hux panics slightly. He doesn’t want to get to know Kylo’s other friends, no thank you. Fortunately the people walk past them. “Like you’re reading my mind”, Hux snaps once he has Kylo’s attention again. “Now can you give me my book?” “Oh, okay”, Kylo nods, starting to look a little sad. He gives Hux his book without saying anything. Hux sighs, Kylo is like a puppy, one second he’s excited and ready to take over the world and then suddenly he looks like someone’s about to beat him up. “Thanks”, Hux tries smiling. The weird feeling in him starts growing when Kylo keeps giving him those sad puppy eyes. “I just”, Hux exhales a little shakily. “I don’t feel comfortable in school”, he says and mentally slaps himself, -he doesn’t own an explanation to Kylo. Or does he? If they are, oh dear God, if they are boyfriends, does that mean he does? But are they? “Oh, sorry about that”, Kylo says. They start walking down the hallway, people give them weird looks. Hux imagines what they look like to others, not that it really matters to Hux. He looks up at Kylo, hoping he’s not mad that Hux isn’t the most affectionate person, not in front of the whole school at least. “I was wondering”, Hux starts. “If you’d like to do something after school?” Well, that didn’t come out naturally, Hux thinks to himself. “I feel like we should talk”, he adds. “Sure!” Kylo’s expression brightens and he stops in the middle of the hallway. Hux likes how people don’t bump into them, maybe Kylo looks too intimidating. When he walks alone people just walk into him, pushing him out of the way. “I know this cafe we could go”, Kylo says and Hux hold in a snort. A cafe? Well, if that’s what Kylo wants. “Okay”, he says simply. “It’s a date then”, Kylo beams and then seems to realize his use of words and drops his gaze. “I mean-” “I know what you mean”, Hux says quickly. He looks at Kylo’s expression, which somewhere between embarrassed and happy (he’s a mess), and honestly Hux can’t believe this is the guy who just a few days ago moaned under his touch and came in his hand. The thought sends a hot wave though Hux’s spine. The two of them part their ways, both going to class and Hux is just relieved that Kylo doesn’t try to kiss him goodbye. - Hux feels uncomfortably hot by the time he and Kylo reach the cafe Kylo’s been talking about. The sun is out and the good weather has gotten people up and about. All the streets were full of life and Hux was ready to give up and turn to home until they finally arrived at the cafe. “Do you want something?” Kylo asks when Hux sits down in a booth. “I uh, water?” Hux says and Kylo nods. Hux catches his breath and only now realizes to look around. The café looks very pleasant, it’s decorated in a fifties style and when Hux turns around and sees Kylo, currently paying for Hux’s water and whatever else he’s bought, he doesn’t match with the surroundings. Hux half smiles, looking up and down Kylo’s back. He’s wearing all black, like usually, and he looks like a fucking fridge compared to the girl standing behind him in the line. Hux doesn’t bother looking away when Kylo walks back, standing out of the pink and blue background. “Did you actually break into my locker?” Hux asks once Kylo has sat down in the booth. “To get my books, for some reason.” Kylo nods. “It was supposed to be impressing but I feel like I just freaked you out”, Kylo admits, looking at Hux from across the table. “Nah, I just don’t feel comfortable in school... Like I said.” “Like you said”, Kylo smiles, though he looks a little confused. “It’s just that-“ Hux lets out a sharp breath. “I don’t know.” Kylo just gives him a half-smile and goes back to eating his pie. It looks chocolaty and sweet and Kylo catches Hux looking. “Want to taste?” He asks. Hux raises an eyebrow at him. “The reason I like this place is that the lady working here”, he turns to point at the woman behind the checkout. “She knows my mom and always let’s me buy things half price.” “Lucky you”, Hux says somewhat sarcastically. “I wonder if that thing is gonna rot all your teeth out”, he says, pointing at Kylo’s plate. “Come on”, Kylo rolls his eyes. “Taste it, you’ll love it”, he offers his spoon. “No.” “Hux, please”, Kylo says, stretching the words and batting his eyelashes at Hux. Hux find himself giving in and taking Kylo’s spoon. “Is this anything but sugar?” Hux asks, making a face. Kylo giggles at him and shakes his head. “Probably not”, he admits. “It’s still good.” Hux shrugs, leaning his back against the shiny, red leather chair. He wants to ask Kylo what’s the deal between the two of them, he doesn’t like it when he has to be confused or guess things. Somehow Hux just doesn’t find the words (or courage) to ask and they end up talking about music and movies. Kylo goes on about Star Wars for a while. He’s very passionate about Darth Vader, Hux learns. After some time, Kylo insists they go to the beach and Hux gives in again. He never goes to the beach, he doesn’t like the heat and all the people, -screaming little kids are the worst. Kylo leads the way and they find a surprisingly nice spot under a tree. Hux sits down in the shadow, avoiding sunlight the best he can. He doesn’t want his shoulders or face to burn and Kylo seems to realize that. “I really like hanging out with you, Hux”, Kylo smiles at him. Hux nods, locking eyes with him. He acts on impulse when he leans in and presses a kiss on Kylo’s lips. Neither of them pulls back immediately, they just continue their somewhat heated kissing. Kylo tastes sweet and sugary, Hux lifts his hands to the back of Kylo’s neck, pulling him in for more. “Hux”, Kylo gasps, softly at first. Hux doesn’t reply, just keeps kissing him until Kylo pushes them slightly apart. “Hux”, he says again. The bright sunlight makes his eye color look gold, his pupils are small and his gaze a little nervous. “Yeah?” Hux realizes he’s a little out of breath. “I wanted to ask you something”, Kylo takes in a deep breath. There’s a slight wind just then, blowing Kylo’s hair over his face. He looks beautiful, not that Hux is ever admitting that to him. “Would you like to be my boyfriend?” A small part of Hux wants to make a witty comeback about how childish Kylo sounds, but he doesn’t, deciding that he might come off as rude. Kylo just looks so young, all nervous and blushy after asking the question. “I would”, Hux finally says and this time he lets himself smile. Kylo smiles back and wraps his arms around Hux, hugging him tightly and pressing a trail of wet kisses on Hux’s neck. “Kylo, I can’t breathe”, Hux takes a hold of Kylo’s arms and Kylo pulls back a little, still smiling like an idiot. Hux does too, he can’t help it when he looks at Kylo. “Gosh, this is the best date ever”, Kylo gasps and now leans in to kiss Hux on the lips. “I thought this wasn’t a date?” Hux asks between kisses. “Now it is”, Kylo decides, though he’s paying more attention to Hux than to thinking about whether this is or isn’t a date. Hux let’s it go too, shuffling closer to Kylo when the wind gets colder. Notes: Here it is!! The awkward first date(?) I hope you liked it. Chapter 4 : First Blowjob Notes: I wrote this on my phone so I apologise for possible typos and such It wasn't a surprise that Kylo had arranged everything so that he and Hux could be alone. Even though Hux had felt a little awkward at first, he was now quite happy about it. It would've been awfully awkward and embarrassing if Kylo's parents walked in his room now, only to find their only son on his knees in front of Hux. And no, Mrs. Solo, he's not scrubbing the fool, his sucking my dick. Or at least attempting to do so. Hux quickly banished the thought of Kylo's parents from his mind, since that wasn't exactly appropriate nor turning on. "My jaw is aching", Kylo says, his voice slightly muffled and Hux shivers when Kylo's hot breath hits his sensitive skin. "I didn't ask you to suck me off." "True, but I wanted to", Kylo smiles, peering up at Hux. Hux swallows a gasp when he looks at Kylo's face and his impressive blowjob eyes. Kylo puts his mouth back on Hux, taking a few inches in his mouth and circling his tongue over the slit. Hux only let's out quiet gasps and at some point tells Kylo to go a little faster, if possible. Kylo obeys and bobs his head up and down faster, trying to keep the same rhythm with his hand. Hux tugs Kylo's hair as warning that he's close, but Kylo doesn't move. "Idiot", Hux says, now pulling at Kylo's hair. He's slightly embarrassed of how out of breath he is. "Ouch!" Kylo finally lifts his head. His lips are red and shiny with pre come. He seems to recover quickly when he looks up at Hux with pleading eyes. "Come on my face, in my mouth, I don't care", he says with a raspy voice. Hux wants to ask if he's being serious but he can't form words right now. He replaces Kylo's hand with his own and jerks himself off until he's spilling his come on Kylo's face and on his lips, like he asked. "That was the sloppiest blowjob I've ever received", Hux breathes out after a few quiet moments of him coming down from his high and Kylo cleaning his face from come. "Oh so you've received a lot of blowjobs them?" Kylo asks, turning slightly away from Hux and jutting his lower lip out. "Enough to compare them with each other", Hux says simply. It's not like Kylo really has a reason to be jealous. Hux hasn't been with anyone in a long time and he's not the type to brag about his experiences anyway. "Come on Kylo", he sighs and stands up, zipping his pants back up. He kneels down next to Kylo and takes a hold of his chin, turning his face back to himself. "What?" Kylo mumbles. "You're blowjob wasn't bad for a first timer. You just need to practise more", Hux says with a seductive tone, which seems to lighten up Kylo's mood. "Now get up on the bed." Kylo doesn't hesitate, he sits on the spot Hux had sat before. He fees a tiny bit nervous and starts biting his lip. His mouth and lips taste salty, a good kind of salty. He thinks of the little noise Hux made when he came and shivers a little. Hux opens Kylo's jeans and tugs them down while Kylo watches his every move. He's already hard from sucking off Hux, it was hot even though Kylo didn't really know what he was doing. Hux kisses Kylo's shaft through his boxers before pulling them down too. Again, he's a little taken aback of how huge Kylo is. He swallows, licks his lips and wraps his hand around Kylo's cock, or at least around as much as he can. He feels Kylo go tense and uses his free hand to soothe him. He lowers his head, spreading the drop of pre come with his tongue, Kylo let's out a low moan. Hux smirks to himself; Kylo is so easy to please. He takes in the first few inches and starts pumping his hand slowly. Kylo starts making more noises and soon relaxes under Hux's touch. "Ahh Hux fuck, fuck, ugh... shit, fuck, please don't stop", Kylo whines. He looks flustered, his hair slightly stuck to his forehead and his cheeks bright red. Hux wants to roll his eyes at Kylo, who's unable to shut up. Though his mindless blabbering is kind of cute too. And hot. Kylo can look innocent, it's probably a virging thing, but holy fuck the way his Adams apple bobs up and down as he speaks sweet nonsense in his euphoria, head thrown back and hips bucking up, fucking Hux's mouth with his ridiculously sized cock. Hux has the ability take it in his mouth, all of it, and that's something he's proud of. Even though it's not anything his mother can brag about at birthday parties to the other moms, no way, it's more like a personal achievement. The ability to deep throat, what, seven to eight inches? Quite impressive. "Ah, Hux, I'm gonna-" Hux let's Kylo pull his hair when he comes, Hux swallowing every last drop like a pro. When Kylo is done Hux pulls back with a wet pop. "Holy shit", Kylo keeps gasping. He stretches out on his bed, trying to catch his breath. Hux wipes his mouth and tugs Kylo back in his pants before climbing next to him. "Hux..." he breathes. "That was incredible." Hux just chuckles in response, gazing at Kylo who's cheeks are still red and pupils expanded, he looks beautiful. "Can we just like stay here together for the rest if our lives?" Kylo asks. He's looking at the ceiling, not minding that Hux is basically staring at him. "No", Hux blurts out. "One; your parents come back home in few hours and two; if I could choose one place to spend the rest of my life in, it would not be your room." "You're rude!" Kylo yells half heartedly. "What's wrong with my bedroom?" "It's too messy", Hux mumbles his words against Kylo's chest, where he's resting his head on. "I don't like mess." "Says the guy who just came on my face", Kylo smirks. "Shut up, you begged for it." "Did not!" "Did too." "No way I begged for it!" Kylo sits up, causing Hux to move too. He groans when he has to find another comfortable spot. "Shut up", Hux says again, though his words lack actual bitterness. He finds Kylo's pillow and pulls it under his head, curling around himself. "What? I made you come so hard you have to take a nap?" Kylo asks and Hux can hear the grin in his voice. Hux snorts but smiles against the pillow. "Seriosuly stop already." Kylo finally goes quiet and lays down next to Hux, cuddling him from behind. Notes: Hey guys, I hope you liked the first chapter! (Even though it was pretty short) Stay tuned for the next one, which will hopefully be posted soon. You can find me on tumblr with the same url (@feverkylo) I'll probably post some concept art for this story there.