o. She breaks the surface of the trance and for a moment, there is only euphoria. I did it. Then her body reasserts itself, a myriad of aches and pains blooming throughout her in protest of being left neglected for so many hours—she isn't sure how many, exactly, only that she's shaking with cold and hunger and her feet are completely numb, and even the blanket that's appeared about her shoulders is damp through, but the Force is trilling through her, theremin-sweet, ocean-song, and in her sweat-slipping palms sits the fruit of her long labour. Her fingers curl possessively about it: the hilt, long and slender like the staff she carried for years (made from it, in parts), as rough around the edges as its maker. It sits in her grip more comfortably than the blue Skywalker sabre and when she lifts it to test the balance Rey thinks it a weapon with which she might yet hold her own. (She thinks, yes: mine.) Its twin blades are the colour of all that is good in her mind—dustmotes glinting in light, the sun skittering across the lake beside the woods of Takodana and the sea-glass that comes ashore along the beaches of their island, carried from volcanic chasms deep below the water and worn smooth by the aeons and the tide. There are so many colours in her world now, so many she is only just learning names for, and she doesn't know this one yet but it is a shade that she has come to associate with the hard core of light within her, that untouchable seat of strength that burns as hot and silver-bright as the hulls of the Graveyard at high noon. A fitting opponent, she decides, to the other, the red terror that burns still in the back of her mind like the scarlet light of the dying planet, leeching out in arterial streams across the snow. i. This time it is the two of them, it is the moon-limned slopes of the dunes underfoot and the great endless vault of the star-scattered sky above and the reassuring solidity of her sabre at her back, and yet as Rey feels the cool of the night settle into her skin with something like familiarity she feels too the stirring of an old apprehension, an old fear, as she looks out across the sands to where he waits, a focussed fighter whose eyes show nothing of the wildness she remembers, and knows with the surety of the Force-ordained that whatever happens—whichever of them prevails this time—it will all be over come the dawn. Their fates will be decided at last. One of us will die tonight. Good, she thinks, good, I am so tired of running. – She moves over the sand with the loping stride of one raised to it, palming her lightsabre as she draws near. Soon she is close enough that he can see her eyes: how they track ceaselessly over him, how they gleam in the darkness. (Raptor eyes, he always thought, except for when they weren't, except for when she dropped the mask and bared the teeth of the winter wolf beneath. Thing of nightmares under all that gold.) Her mind moves over his, like reaching to like in an involuntary reflex she is all too swift to suppress, but after fifteen-hundred days parted by the buffer of as many systems as she could put between them these last insignificant feet are too few and too many all at once. She is right here, in the flesh at long last, and he struggles to put words to the feeling of it. It's the first breath planetside after months in cold space; the heart-stopping lurch of the hyperdrive kicking in; the distant smudge on the horizon that promises long-awaited rainfall in the desert. (He's never seen rain in the desert, hates the heat and the smell and the dust and it shouldn't be his to remember now, should it—but then, so little of him is, these days. So much of him, more than was ever truly his to begin with, is hers now, the places where the void blows cold inside him filled up by thoughts and memories no more his own than the feeling of sea-wind through his hair, wet stone scraping under his skin or the grit of sand under his nails, a Force signature that is hale and whole and so far from the rotten thing that hangs about him like the tatters of a cape. Fragments of a life that is not his, never has been and never could be, slipping through the cracks between his self and that of the snarling, shining creature currently glowering at him from across the sands.) The bond that lies loose between them is an uneven thing, a string between two living pegs that sings like plucked sinew with their nearness, stoppered tight in places and in others only veiled in deference to their mutual desire for a moment's peace. They’d torture each other with it at first, this formless link, haunt and hunt by turns until there was no silence, no dream to which he could run without the grey-dun wolf snapping at his heels, no sunlit space she could cleave to where his shadow couldn’t find her. He could feel her going mad with it and it hadn’t been good, to feel that, he had begun to hate her mind more than she hated having him there and so— —and so: a truce. Not a natural thing, to do what they have done, but better than madness. Better than losing themselves piece by piece as they bleed together over the bond, even if it goes against the Force itself to strangle what it put between them. Teach me, tell me how, it'd choked his throat with bitter laughter to hear because this is his curse, isn't it—the slow corruption of everything he ever wanted, the mocking echo of his own words in his ears. How he’d begged to teach her, to be allowed that grace, and in the end the only thing she lets him guide her in is how to shape her formidable mind to shut him out. He does it anyway, and it’s quiet without her, and that’s almost worse. ii. On with the bloodletting. Their sabres meet in a crackling hiss of violet-white, meet and meet again and neither of them gain or give ground as the Force whips up a storm around their bodies, blurring away the rest of the world into a blue-grey haze. There are close calls—he sees her mouth twist when he catches her elbow, watches it curve up in fleeting triumph when she manages to scythe away a chunk of his hair—but they’re testing one another, checking each other’s progress, searching for weaknesses to pull at like loose threads until his strength or hers comes apart. She fights like nothing and no one he’s ever seen, Force, even after all this time, she is everything of the storm before it meets the land, the wide open eye of the desert sky, the raw untempered stuff that suns are made of. He remembers Starkiller, that cursed frozen rock, and how it died in fire in her wake. – She moves and the light dances. How is it you can still be so bright, he would ask, if he did not fear the answer: his is an old-worn and familiar despair. The meteoric flash of her sabre is enough to drive him back a stride, then another until she's gaining ground in earnest, she is like waves the way she crashes into him, like the wind, like the rolling boom of thunderclouds in the burning land, he can feel the thrill lancing through her exhaustion and when she claws the upper hand away from him the bond hums electric with equal parts relief and triumph and fraying, savage hope. So bright, all improbable wildness and strength, she is a bonfire in the Force and he can feel the exposed parts of his consciousness begin to blacken and burn where the damned connection presses it against her own as if she were no longer a conduit for the Light but a source ; blistering, merciless, undiminished by time and the slow gathering of darkness where it—where he—curls restive in her mind. Darkness, which made a slave and a ruin of him but does not mark her in the same way at all, has not scorched the earth where it takes root but become instead something new, something different formed of its entangling with the light (her light), like a skein of silver-grey star-stuff woven through and through the fabric of the cosmos into a power he cannot name, cannot escape, cannot unravel without burning his hands to the bone. Bond or no, there was no distance he could put between them that might be enough to escape the irradiating reach of her, no corner of the universe she could not chase him if she chose. Fortunate, then, that it's taken her so long to do it. – He brings his blade up between them but trying to block her at this closeness is like trying to cut away the Force itself, even the inferno of his sabre is thrown into silhouette by the imprint of her on his eyelids—light eclipsed by Light, he thinks he will die from this one day. (He thinks he would welcome it.) He calls for the Dark Side and lets it wrap him in its hallowing fold, it comes harder when she is near and tugging him so resolutely towards the brink—or perhaps it knows what he tries to ignore, that his heart is no longer in this—but he finds it within him anyway and digs deep. There's finality in every line of her, like she already knows this is the end, like she's only just catching on to what had driven him here in the first place. I've felt it too, Jedi, he counters, though she’s only ever that in his dreams and it has never been more apparent than here, now, with all their shadows laid bare, that she is too vast—there is too much inside her, whole galaxies on fire, the Jedi couldn’t contain her any more than they could the boy he was so why is it only Kylo that’s burning— I saw it long ago, before ever we met. It came to me in dreams that you would be there at my end. The sand gives way beneath them and she stumbles, alarm sharp in her eyes as she fends off the crushing blow aimed for her neck. I thought it would be then—in the forest—but you spared me, he snarls the last out, forcing her back another step, you let me live. Live, and endure the bloody aftermath of his failure. It's possibly the cruellest thing she's ever done. iii. A recollection: There is a wolf in his dreams but it’s not until they meet in the flesh that he glimpses its true form. Before that there are only impressions, flickers of amber eyes and hunching, powerful shoulders, bared teeth and light—always the Light, unspooling from her hands like thread to wind about his throat and choke the life from him. It is a unique kind of anxiety, an itching paranoia his master sees fit to nurture with the greatest tenderness until it bears fruit and blossoms into a ripe terror that will, he is assured, he is promised, keep him vigilant and safe in the years ahead. But things do not go to plan, and by the time she comes for him through the snow like destiny with his own birthright ablaze in her fists and fury scorching a path through her veins he is all but ready to feel those jaws snap closed. Instead he is made to watch as she leaves him there, the heat of her melting away into the unnatural night until his own burnt flesh is the last warm thing left in the world and the dawning understanding that he has come up against his own death and survived is enough to put him on his back all over again, wondering as he waits for salvation or the end why it isn’t with relief. Taunted for so long by the promise of her coming, she with the song of the desert under her skin and no mercy in her heart for one like him, only for her to turn and run before the job is done. He’ll tell himself later that it is only his pride that makes him hate, stung to have feared for nothing all these years, and not because it feels like betrayal. – No, she bites back, all hot eyes and gritted teeth, the earth broke, I couldn’t finish you, and Kylo has spent enough time contemplating the wherefores of his survival to know the lie for what it is but Rey drives him back apace and he lets her have it. Lets her close her eyes to the truth, though they’d both felt the push of the Darkness against her mind that day—he remembers how it called to her, pleading sweetly for his blood, remembers too the way she’d flung it from her with both hands like something burning. You were a let-down, in the end, he continues anyway, because if he cannot goad her with her own cruelty then surely he will find a nerve to pluck in her pride, I’d expected better. (Hoped for more, he does not add, like she isn’t close enough to know it already.) Rey’s mouth moves in something that might—if he didn’t know her better—be called a smirk. Happy to disappoint, she tells him, only happy is never something she is around him, even he can't mistake contempt for amusement, but we’re not done yet. Dimly, he recalls that she used to fear him too. (Recalls he’d relished it, hadn’t he—her terror, fed on it like the beast he is, the beast she’d known him to be from that first instant in the greenwood, he’s felt less and less a man ever since but it’s been a long time since she was last afraid of him.) Her gaze is steady and strong and perhaps it is only the work of time, only the slow erosion through the years of that whispered fable that Knights are something more than men and less than nightmares, as layer by layer she pares him to the bone and finds each measure of his fragmented self more pitiable, more wanting than the one before. When did you stop fearing me, little one? iv. There are more pieces of him missing than before, when she feels for him in the Force she can feel the hollow spaces of him, all the things that should be there and aren’t. Anger, impatience, pain, they'll fight to the death to keep him but the old recklessness she remembers is missing: he feels wrong, out of balance, his Force signature limping like an old fracture never mended right. (Snoke's dog, they call him in her neck of the stars, but he's more wolf than hound these days, closer than ever to snapping his leash for good. He's still at war with himself, the faint pulse of a stress headache she hasn't felt in years is clear enough sign of that, and it's a strange thing to stand on the outside of—discipline and fury tugging him one way and then the other, a feverish contradiction she's never fully understood. Something to do with pain, she thinks, an iron will born of suffering for suffering’s sake, discipline forged in agony rather than hardship and need and the sure knowledge that if she let herself slacken she wouldn’t last the week. There was no malice in the things done to her, beyond the base and capricious greed of the junkbosses. No higher power bearing down and saying this pain has meaning, these are the agonies you must bear. (There were times when she tried to convince herself that, at the lowest ebb of hope, but it sat sour in her mind and ended up discarded with all her other half-hearted contemplations of faith, falling somewhere between if it means you are alive when they come then it will be worth it in the end and gods are all bastards, every last one of them, keep your head down and they won't look your way.) Ren’s higher power has its own designs, but recalling the pain that seared through the bond before she learnt to shut it out Rey wonders what else he has endured in the past years to chase even the old insensate terror from his eyes. Then he’s on her, and there’s no room for wonder, no room for any thought at all. – The cord twists, loops back in upon itself until they grapple in an echo of that first dazed bout and she cannot help but stagger beneath the tower of him: his fingers like cuffs about her wrist, she can feel the tendons in his forearm give beneath her own grip and bites back a curse, wishing for a wound somewhere, anywhere, that she might find with her elbow or her knee and claw back the upper hand. His eyes are hot with something like victory. Bend, he implores, bend before you break. "Shut it,” she grits out through clenched teeth. Her muscles are on fire, limbs screaming in protest as she struggles to keep herself upright on the liquid-soft sands and when he picks up on her fatigue (because of course he does, with only a breath between their heaving bodies he picks up on everything) she feels the desperate triumph radiating from him abruptly turn to hope. You’re wasted on the Jedi, his mind is hoarse against hers as he presses his advantage, scrabbling for purchase on the walls Rey throws up as effortlessly as she breathes in the face of his leaning strength. The fingers that flex about her wrist are warm, she realises suddenly. He grips his sabre in his other hand—the right, which hasn't been flesh and bone since she parted it from the rest of him four years ago. There’s such will in you, such strength. Such yearning. D’you even know what it is you long for, anymore? Heard this speech before, she fills her thoughts with as much scorn as she is able, the closest she tends to come to laughter when he's near (except for the time she managed to trip him, actually trip him, she let him live but she's never let him live it down). Never worked then, it's not working now. Not got anything new to say? They'll never be enough to sate you, you know that. So you kept telling me, Rey straightens her spine, firms her grip on her weapon and his arm both, tilting back to put space between herself and that wild stare— There is so much I could teach you, still, he is insistent and urgent and faltering and does he even believe half the things he says anymore— you could be so much more. —she anchors her feet in the sand, lets his weight bear her back a little further, and— – "What if I can’t keep him out?" she asks Luke, because there is something about this island and this man that loosens her tongue and has her spilling her fears as though she’d never learnt to hold them closer to her chest than ration packs and water both, and, stars, it’s only been a day— "what if I can’t fight him on two fronts?" He tucks his hands into his sleeves, his gaze thoughtful and somehow approving: "then you’ll learn to deceive. To feint and to mask what you can’t outright hide." She nods, leaning toward him, hoping her eagerness will hide her desperation. "Teach me." – – I can feel the hunger in you. The want. —good, thinks Rey savagely, as she surges up and drives her forehead into his nose. – – Just a scavenger, he says the day they meet; scavenger, sandrat, unwanted orphan of the scorched plains, rough-nailed foundling who cut her teeth on the broken glass of the Crackle and laid to rest her own girlhood out between the red dirt and the light, made herself small in the bones of dead starcraft, clawing rest from the howling winds of the frozen Jakku night; steelpecker, Badlands-born, she’d pick a fight with the sun itself to defend her own. Even the desert couldn’t burn that out of her. It’s laughable that he thinks he could. (Just a scavenger, he says, but also, it is you.) v. The flesh-and-bone grip on her wrist slackens and she acts on a thought, tearing her hand free of his and thumbing off her sabre to bring its hilt slamming up into the ridge of bone behind his temple, hard enough to fell a less stubborn man on the spot—hard enough to kill, if she were any kind of lucky, but he sways as though the backbone has gone out of him and she’s left to regain her balance as he slumps to his knees in the sand. It’s not an easy thing to do, not with their being half in each other’s heads even before she smashed their skulls together, the blow reverberates between them and an ache blooms sweet and sharp behind Rey’s eyes and her own face dances across her vision like sunspots, but she blinks and there he is again, blood-slicked chin to show for it and a distinct lack of focus in his eyes. The sabre slips from his cybernetic hand and she calls it to her quickly, snuffing out its livid light and simply letting it hang loose at her side, unthreatening. Warning. Her own blade ignites, moves to hover near his throat. (The wolf flexes its claws in the snow, transfixes him with the shift of muscle and bone under grey-dun fur, a red tongue lolling from a redder mouth and oh, this is the destiny he was meant for, surely—) She sucks down a breath and swallows her spit and gives them both a scattered few heartbeats to piece together something like equilibrium, two souls stuck in endless feedback loop between their bodies can barely recall what it’s like to see straight but she’s stubborn, does it anyway and pushes back along the bond the anger that emboldens her, that runs like a storm in her blood and corrodes her wavering conviction to not kill you, give me a reason why I shouldn’t, I swear— It’s what he wants. That—yes, that’s a reason, not good but good enough: to deny him, refuse him this thing because she owes him nothing and yet he wants it more than anything, to die by her hand (any hand would do, but hers carries the weight of fate and it's been a long time since he stopped pretending the ground at her feet isn't the closest thing to a sacred place he knows). More than anything except—perhaps—to take her with him, to watch the light fade from her eyes and have it be the last thing he sees with his own. He does not know how to give less than every bloodied inch of him, touch-starved and wheedling for salvation, for death, for something, she only did half the job when she tore his face open and he would give up the rest to her without hesitating if only she would ask: Rey, you have only to ask, only to reach out and take it . The eagerness in his stare pulses straight to her gut and it moves her in strange ways to have him here, broken at her feet, but it’s nausea that grips her now, not bloodlust, nausea and knowing she doesn't want this. She repeats it more firmly to herself as the sabre trembles in her grip. There is nothing he could give that she might consider taking, not even his life—wretched, bloodstained mess, some things even scavengers won’t touch. (There is some satisfaction to be had in denying him, however un-Jedi it is to admit it.) Hunger? Rey echoes scornfully. Hunger raised me. She lets fall her shields, opens up to him the muscle that beats small and red and bloody beneath her breastbone: the place she keeps the ghosts of the life she lived before this one, the life left to rust with all the other unwanted things given over to the sands. She carries the wasteland with her still, cracked earth and gasping thirst and a burning sky stretching on and on into the heat-smeared edges of eternity, dark dunes beneath a blazing vault of night and the gold Jakku star that baked her flesh like clay into something hard and dark that cannot now be broken; the long years, scratched into the walls of her home, her cell, her refuge, that small untouchable place of faith and fury inside her that no crawling Knight of Ren will ever touch. Hunger was my mother, my father, my first and best teacher, Kylo is caught by the way her skin tightens over the knuckles that wrap about her staff, snarling lips drawn back from yellowed teeth and a thrill travels the length and breadth of him to see the animal in her rise so close to the surface that it ripples beneath her skin, moonlight and the wolf feral in her narrowed eyes, yes, yes. He’s wanted this too: to see her break, to dig his nails under that brittle exoskeleton and pry it open to find the fear and frustration and the wild thing at her heart, exult in the way the bond shivers at her agitation because it means relief, means the vindication of everything that tells him so much of her is like so much of him, and a frustration of his own because she will never, ever accept it. The tendons in her neck stand out with the pressure of her clenched teeth and he can feel the echo of it in his own jaw like a phantom ache; Rey isn't the first he’s skinned alive to satiate the howling thing inside him but he looks into the bond now, the cracked-open thing that tethers his soul to hers and it takes everything not to flinch back from it—from the wilderness of griefs at her foundations, the stubborn knot of unmet hopes and forgotten longings and hurt, gnawing and cold, nothing else to that bitter place but the raw and nameless sadness that’d come to take on a life of its own in the hollow below her heart. (This is why she put half a galaxy between them: this is why he let her do it.) It was hunger woke me before dawn and tucked me in at night, taught me to hunt and to fight and to keep fighting. I fed on the wanting, Kylo Ren, it made me. But I mastered it, her mouth curls in a sneer but just like that the fire is gone from her, bitter resignation like ash gone cold left in its place. Before it could master me. She is tired, exhausted beyond words with a fight that never seems to end, only ever to pause while she and him catch their breath and lick their wounds and seek out new ways to fail to kill each other. And you think you know what it is, to die by inches and go on living anyway? The scathing edge of her disdain is perhaps the least of what he’s earned. Maybe you do. She’s sensed that of him, felt far too closely the war of attrition that rages still for his soul. She knows the torment that inhabits him, the long unmaking of everything Ben Organa was, how he has tried time and again to cut his heart out rather than suffer to feel it starve. His end of the bond has been a wasteland of its own kind these past years. She knows how it feels, to want to burn out feeling at the root. (It shakes her, still, to see inside him and find something of herself reflected there.) vi. The sand is soft and night-cool beneath his shins, slides between the seams of his clothes and if he survives this day he’ll be digging it out of his own hide for weeks. There are grains sweat-stuck to Rey’s skin where their scuffling kicked it up, freckling her cheeks like nebulae. She has freckles already, he knows, spotted them that first day and never knew what to do with the detail. He'd forgotten how tall she is, how such a slight thing can be a tower too: from his knees he must look up to meet her eyes and some small traitorous part of him goes calm with the rightness of it, the correctness of him, here, bent before the seat of the only faith left to him. The faith that led him here, that keeps him here—the faith that it was always going to come down to this, one and the other, here at the end on some forgotten rock in Wild Space where they could be the last two people in the galaxy. It doesn’t matter that she’s let him live before, or he her. His death has always belonged to her. The rest of him is an afterthought. (The rest of him is alive for the first time in decades.) Somewhere an ancient power on a dark throne is stirring, but there is only the rush of the cold desert wind in Kylo’s ears. Do it, his dark gaze comes to rest more or less steadily on her face, you want to. I can feel it. Rey’s hand falters. – Don’t be afraid. I feel it too. – A memory: a ship ascends into the cloudless sky over Niima Outpost. Not the first, and by no means the last that she’ll watch burn atmo with an ache in her chest and a howl catching in her throat, but the better part of a year’s work vanishing before her eyes and she can still remember the split helpless second where she thought the despair must drown her, that if she were at all human she ought to tear her hair and wail until she broke herself to pieces against the hard-packed ground. (Sooner or later, sealing away the pain becomes the only way to stay human at all.) – “No…” she breathes, “no.” His mouth stretches in a bloody smile. Does it help you, to think that, he wonders? Do you sleep better at night for telling yourself that you are nothing like me? – “Think of it this way,” Poe’s voice is gentle in her memory, touched with kindness after she snaps at him, anger and nerves and not enough sleep boiling over and she bites out it’s not the same, I’m not like him and, softer, I don’t want to be like him, and he understands because he’s Poe, isn’t he, his heart is a green thing in perpetual bloom— “we’ve all taken some knocks,” he says, “comes with the work, and sometimes you just gotta grit your teeth and use it, it’s not a bad thing—doesn’t make you bad either, and it doesn’t make you like him. You’re not like him, kid, any more than I am.” “Not even a little bit,” Finn’s voice is firmer, and she can half-see the look he sends Poe over her head as his hand spreads warm over her spine. “No, not even a little bit,” she knows now that isn't true but at the time she let it comfort her anyway, wrapping it round herself like wings, “you and Finn, you’ve as much reason as anyone to be angry, no one would blame you for it. Sometimes you gotta get angry if it means you can get back up again, but it doesn't make you Dark. Just makes you human.” – You’re a monster. – (I feel it too.) vii. She wants to say to him, you cannot be allowed to go on. This is the crux of the matter: this is her mission, though no one gave it to her, but if the universe will insist on bludgeoning them with its lofty designs then Rey will dig some good from the wreck if it kills her. It is a new galaxy they are building, so she hears, and this is the cornerstone. (It just might kill her anyway.) Under her heels, the sand shifts. The desert is a place of flux. Nothing lasts; even in the Graveyard, where it seemed that the great wrecks would lie forever as monuments to the Empire's end, the passage of the years saw those fallen giants whittled down to the marrow, gnawed thin to make meals for carrion-eaters like her. Piece by piece they made their way into patch jobs and crude repairs, kept stomachs full and hands busy. Some must have even made it off-world. Rey had liked to think that, anyway. It is the way of all things to die and to come new again: sometimes it is simply too gradual, too incremental for the naked eye to see. (Until, one day, you look up, and the boneyard is made smooth and new, and green things are crawling through the cracks, and what mattered once no longer does, and life goes barrelling breathlessly on.) Perhaps he does deserve to die. "You want to," he repeats like he’s trying to convince her of it, and Rey shakes her head helplessly. Perhaps it no longer matters. “I did,” the rage sloughs from her like a toxin sweated out through the skin, leaving her tired and shaky and achingly aware of the sound of her own heartbeat. No—I do. I do, but don’t you get it? He tilts his head to look at her, the faintest crease appearing between his dark brows. He doesn’t see. Keep trying to tell you, it’s not about want. Or—not about what I want, anyway. – Luke once said she could keep the universe safe in this heart of hers, and sometimes it feels true, that there is no end to the sea of griefs and furies she contains and it’s not fair being made into this thing which feels too deeply and too desperately to bear, no wonder so many Force-touched lose their minds, but even at her wildest state there is clarity enough to recognise the precipice to a place from which there would be no easy return. (For all the ways they are alike, that Rey can see that point before it’s already passed is just one of the many ways they aren’t.) – And even if it were, she tells him honestly, how can you lie when someone is in your head (answer: you can’t, oh, you can’t, not even to yourselves, not that both of you haven’t tried over the years), I do not want it enough. (And even if it were—and even if she did—when it comes to self-denial she’s got even him beat.) He sinks further into himself at that, without the promise of a fight or a swift end there’s nothing left to hold him up and she’s seen beasts defanged before, and that’s not what this is. His claws hang from her fingertips, she could tear out his teeth now if she wanted and he wouldn’t fight her. Wouldn’t even try, Rey can feel it like she can feel the sand sticking to her sweat-slick calves, a conviction lodged deep beneath her skin that she couldn’t explain if she tried. There’s no telling how long this ceasefire will endure but one thing she is more than aware of—while the war, their war, and all its bitterness may be drawing to a long-awaited end, Kylo is not going to be the one to take the first step into whatever comes next. Closing her eyes Rey is almost blinded by the currents of the Force surging about the two of them. She can feel him there still, looking up at her from his knees in a mockery of supplication and her half-bent towards him as though in answer, their bodies wreathed in an indistinct corona of light and shadow and it’s there, at the heart of the cacophony, where something else takes shape between the two polarities. Beautiful, she thinks dumbly, watching the colours shift around them like aurora. Here, too, she finds the way ahead. – Rey, abandoned, orphan, motherless child of the wind and the rust-coloured sky, look at her now—touched by the Force, all the universe pouring through her, beloved of more real and beating hearts than she can count on her fingers, at home wherever her ship alights beneath the spreading skies. She carried her own bones into the desert, six thousand days of fire, and what was left is what could not be burned away. What’s one man, half a ruin, to that? viii. She lifts her sabre from his neck and lets it fall to her side so that its sea-light flickers over his face, clipping his own onto her belt to give her a hand free. She makes an old trader sign: the open palm, it's no language he knows but even he can comprehend it as a gesture of peace. She spreads her fingers, and the offer she makes passes between them on a thought. No certainties—gods, she hasn’t the power to give him that, hasn’t even the power to take them for herself—but, a chance. Possibility, real and true. A choice. She pushes into the bond the feeling of when she’d first unearthed the shuttle from the desert, of breaking free of Jakku’s atmosphere in the Falcon and the split second of freedom-flight-gone-FREE that’d rushed through her before she remembered why it couldn’t last, the way her heart had soared to see whole lush worlds of green, she fills him with it and everything of hope that she can. “Why?” You aren’t suggesting I deserve it, his voice is quieter than she’s ever heard it, edged with disbelief and she isn’t sure herself that she means any of this. He’s had chances before. She can’t say why this time should be different. (There is a turn of phrase she remembers from the desert, a wry thing, from the carrion-slang of those who live and work by the wasteland’s grace. A kindness. A shared joke, or near enough, because it means mercy: it means a quick death, which can be kind, after all, and a lightsabre is cleaner than a staff's blunt edge. It would be the kinder thing to finish him now, and once Rey might not have hesitated. Just as likely, though, she might have seen something worth salvaging in the wreck before her.) “Not suggesting anything,” she replies shortly, don’t think forgiveness works that way, anyway, not that either of them would know, he holds grudges like a dog with a bone and she’s never known who it was that wronged her worst. She hates the way her words feel in her mouth, stilted, fumbling, she’s always had a knack for languages but in parts and pieces, scraps picked up wherever she goes. She wishes she were cleverer, had Finn or Leia’s gift for spoken grace. Leia, who wants her son back. As reasons to spare him go, it’s not the worst. (It’s a marked improvement on ‘spite’.) But, I'm tired. Tugging on the Force to guide her, Rey settles for something closer to simplicity. So're you. And what comes now—that’s a choice to be made. He exhales heavily, shoulders sagging further. Yours? Rey starts. No. Not for all the stars in the sky. Wouldn’t want it to be. (It's not enough, that there is light in him, not enough that some small place of goodness refuses to die. You can't save what doesn't want to be saved.) His gaze tracks upward, finds hers, it’s like looking into her own reflection in still water and she hates it. I don’t want it either, he insists, he means the pain but also the hope, I don’t want any of it, take it from me, take it pleasepleasetakeit– “Stop,” she says and thinks and he does, he goes still and quiet and gazes up at her with something like wonder, fear and longing in his gaze but it’s not for the blood that beats in her throat or the power that surges beneath her skin, or it is, but it's for more than that now, like he sees something else in her: he looks at her like she’s the stars and she hung them too, wove the whole galaxy out of the silver thread that bands from his ribs to hers, he doesn’t want to consume as much as be consumed so why is it her that’s drowning, why— “Rey,” he cracks out, and now it’s him pulling her back to shore. Oh, Rey thinks. Her hands are shaking. – (A memory: a hand, warm and rough in hers when there had been no time for words, only running, only the dizzying exhilaration pushing up through her chest as she and the young man in the borrowed coat raced for their lives and she felt for the first time the breathless echo of another’s heart beating in time with her own, the strength in the fingers that gripped hers, the warmth of touch where words failed to remind them both that there are softer things made by hands than fists and sometimes hope is no more than realising you can choose differently, and that you will not be alone if you do.) – A correction: one certainty. Dawn is come. The sun is rising and both of them still breathe, and if something has died tonight then neither of them will mourn it. There is a whole wide universe out there, glittering in the line of the horizon. – Rey looks at Ren, forlorn thing crouched in the sand with the glow of her sabre and the first greyish murk of morning throwing a wan light across his ruined face, and she thinks she is too small, too afraid, to be entrusted with things so important. She thinks of Finn, seizing hope with both hands, making himself anew in its image. The endless courage of his heart, the way he carries compassion in every step, gathers love to him like moons: she thinks of the good he brings to every life he touches since he renounced the only one he’d ever known. He was afraid, and he came back anyway. This is...nothing, to that. Reaching out again to touch Ren lightly on the temple, she lets fall the last of her shields, breaks down the final impediment to their long-suffering connection. It has been a wound between them for so long, this link, the walls they’ve built to keep the other out managing only to bungle its healing, but the bond tears open at last and the Force sings like the feeling rushing back into blood-starved tissues and there’s a ringing in his ears like the clear jubilant tumult of bells, and he can see, suddenly, the future Rey holds in her mind. The other future, the one she never told—never believed until now, though she's watched it slowly crystallising for some time. She thinks it must have been waiting for this, the crucial moment upon which its manifestation hinges, because it glistens with a startling clarity when she pushes it through the bond. Clarity, and something like promise, a tentative reward for the dim but hardy faith she has kept with her all this time, held in trust for a day like today. A gift of the Force—or perhaps what was intended all along. Her mind presses and he stiffens but there’s no resistance, nothing to stop her reaching in and taking the way he once tried to—nothing but doing better and being softer and she’s not good at it, softness, has no practice at being gentle (care, yes, the care you must take in picking apart delicate circuitry, in untangling wires and guiding a ship’s steering just so, in navigating the rotting innards of the Giants skilfully enough to not die in the process) but between the two of them she is not the blunt instrument and she can be merciful if she tries. She can feel him quake, the axis of the universe shifting palpably beneath him and the movement of her roughened fingertips at his hairline is an anchor and benediction all in one: it is a gentler unmaking than any he has known but it is an unmaking nonetheless, and as he comes undone at the seams Rey doesn’t believe he could fight it if he wanted to. It startles her, still, when he goes slack against the earth; when he gives in to it. To her . His surrender is near-total but she'd half anticipated a fight for the last of him: her fingertips skate over his cheekbone as her hand falls back to her side, the other curling tight about her sabre's grooved hilt. A whispered plea, carried on the thread of a thought from him to her. An acquiescence. A voiceless confirmation of yours . Rey huffs out a breath. “Alright, then,” she says. The morning covers them.