There were many different sounds that could be heard within the tents of Niima Outpost; conversations in varying languages of faraway planets, the clanking of parts and equipment, the rumbles of shuttles and spaceships, and the gurgles from large animals resting on the outskirts from a hard days work of hauling pounds of junk and parts through the desert for their owners. But there was one sound that was never heard amongst the tents of Niima; the one of a child. A crying child at that. In his five (or was it seven?) years serving the greedy ‘owner’ of Niima Outpost, Unkar Plutt, as a mechanic for portions, Ben Solo had never heard children at the outpost. As far as he had known, he was the only child there. An orphan, abandoned, at the mercy of space pirates and smugglers for survival when Plutt decided his work wasn’t worth even a quarter portion. To have another child at the outpost meant only one thing, this one was also casted aside like the junk Unkar Plutt’s scavengers hunted for in the deserts of Jakku. The fourteen year old boy approached the tent that was adjacent to Unkar’s own office, looking warly around for any of the outpost boss’ henchmen. Being caught away from the ships that rested outside the outpost would mean another day’s worth of portions lost and he couldn’t afford another day of not eating. He was already forced to forfeit two days’ worth of portions when one of the henchmen reported to Plutt that he did more work than what was ordered for ten extra portions; another day of not eating and he was sure he’d be too hungry to continue fixing the increasing workload of ship repairs. If there was one thing Ben Solo knew, Unkar Plutt had eyes everywhere. With a slow exhale, he pushed aside the sand coated tarp aside and entered the tent. Huddled on the sand near a dusty stack of junk parts of no value was a girl, probably no older than 5, sobbing with her face buried behind her knees. Her hair was pulled into three distinct buns, hair falling free from their hair ties that futility held in them in place. The tunic she wore was tattered, as if she was wasn’t of much value – a slave perhaps? Ben did not know what to think of the human girl before him. It was peculiar, that much was certain, but he couldn’t figure out why a girl would be in a tent as if she was nothing more than the parts that were scattered around them in piles. Working up some courage, he approached the girl and crouched in front of her. She didn’t bother to look up, her sobbing unrelentless, though nothing more now than sniffles and silent sobs muffled from behind her knees. He reached out for her but hesitated, bringing his right hand to rest on his knee instead. “ Hey,” He whispered, throat dry and voice scratchy from the hot wind and sand, “ Hey… what’s the matter?” She looks up at him and with a hand covered in dirt and grime, wiped her nose and shook her head. Ben shifted slightly to return some feeling to his numbing calfs, and reached into his loose cream colored outer robe, pulling out a stained white rag. It was slightly damp, used to wipe the sweat from his brow while working on replacing carburetors on ships, but he didn’t have anything else better to offer the girl. The girl looked at the scarf and then once at teenager before her. Warily, she took the rag from him. “ Thank you…” She said quietly. He smiles, a small one, but a smile none the less. At least he’s gaining some ground. “ No problem. So, what’s the matter? You lost?” She shakes her head, eyes red rimmed from hours of crying, “ My family left me.” Her tiny voice is hoarse. If it wasn’t for the thickness of the tarp around them shielding them from the loud noises outside he wouldn’t have been able to hear the little girl. Given her accent, he was certain that she was definitely from off world – probably from one of the more developed, lawful, planets of the New Republic. Definitely not a slave. “ Left you? Why would they do that.” “ They said they’ll be back.” She idly pulls at a loose strand on the rag, “ They told me to wait.” No one comes back to Jakku, Ben grimmly thinks to himself, as his own family has yet to come for him – whoever they are. But he can’t bring himself to tell a child something as cruel as that so he stands up and wipes his hands on his brown pants deciding against it. “ I’m sure they’ll return.” He says instead. “ They will be back.” A lie. Before the girl could respond, the tarp moves from behind and Ben can hear someone enter; the heavy breathing and presence of larger individual giving away exactly who he is. The girl tenses in front of him, gripping the rag, and the young mechanic has no other choice but to curse himself. He was guaranteed to be denied his portions for today’s work now after this stunt. Apparently Unkar Plutt’s eyes go farther than he had anticipated. “ What are you doing in here, boy?” Unkar Plutt drawls, his breath sickly close against the back of his neck. Just a year or two ago, Ben barely reached the creature’s shoulders in height and now he was almost at even with him. In another few years, he was sure to tower the outpost boss. It still didn’t matter though, as the Crolute’s weight coupled with his anger and influence only meant a losing battle. “ I thought I told you never to leave the repair station.” “ I heard someone crying,” Ben says as he turns to face the Crolute. “ I wanted to see what it was. It sounded like she was in trouble.” Unkar Plutt wasn’t one for facial reactions, his face was in a constant state of anger, but he scoffs and perhaps Ben wouldn’t be out of a meal tonight, “ She’s in no trouble, boy. She’s mine. A scavenger sent to me.” “ I see. I’m sorry… I let my curiosity get the best of me.” Ben knows that the story behind the girl isn’t so clear cut but he decides not to press Plutt about it. “ Don’t apologize, boy.” His eyes narrow, slightly. “ Had you not run off like you always do, you would have known that I need you to take watch the child. Teach her about parts, get her up to speed on how to survive on this planet. A dead scavenger is no use to me.” “ I’m not a scavenger, though—” “ It doesn’t matter.” Unkar Plutt says abruptly, “ I have no time for a child. I have an outpost to run.” He glances over the mechanic’s shoulder at the girl; she flinches away. “ I will up your portions to two a day.” “ T-two?” A portion a day was his pay for a day’s worth of repairs. A portion, which was barely a meal as it is, provided a roll and a small piece veg-meat – and that was if he happened to be lucky. Two portions meant that it would be enough for one person to eat for a night but two? Unkar Plutt wasn’t a stupid man; a child required more to eat than a lanky teenager that could barely fill the sandy robes he wore. He was still being punished for the ten portion incident. Still, it was better than the quarter or half portions that the scavengers employed under Unkar Plutt received. “ Yes,” He says with a sharp toothed smile as he looks at Ben. It makes the teenager feel sick – though he can not tell if that is from the lack of eating these past two days or the fact that Unkar Plutt’s entire existence was something reprehensible to anyone with a sense of decency. “ One for you and one for the girl.” Ben opens his mouth but Unkar cuts him off, “ But, if you can get the girl up and on her feet I’m sure I’ll bit a bit more… generous with the portions.” The creature, which looked something comparable to a greasy bloated lard covered with sagging skin, stepped out the tent leaving the two orphans alone again. While the girl was no longer crying or frozen in absolute fear, she looked exhausted. Ben glanced at the girl, running a hand through his thick, wavy hair pushing the locks that had gotten loose over the course of the day back and away from his face. It was a futile attempt as some of his unruly hair had fallen again, black locks framing his face and covering his large ears. Ben sighs in frustration, undoing the bun and with both hands pulls his hair back into a loose ponytail with an obvious frown on his features. Then he hears a quiet giggle. The little girl is smiling, toothy and full of mirth. Ben’s hands fall from his hair slowly and for the first time in weeks he smiles as well. Chapter 2 Summary: Ben tries to postpone the inevitable. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Ben could not remember when he arrived on Jakku. He stopped counting the days once Unkar Plutt sent him to the repair yard as one of his outpost’s cheap labor as a mechanic. Long days spent repairing ships made the young boy lose track of time, not realizing how much time has past until the wrenches he carried in the tool belt around his too slim waist, that were once too big finally fit perfectly in his now large hands. His childhood was nothing more than blurred memories, images that he could no longer make sense of. It seemed that the older he got the more he began to doubt that he even had a life before arriving. Perhaps he always lived on Jakku. Maybe he never had a life somewhere else, somewhere far away with a family and friends that loved him. His dreams spoke otherwise. He watched the young orphaned girl sleep on his pallet of blankets in the corner of his salvaged home, a crashed shuttle near the Starship Graveyard . An unfortunate piece of collateral damage from the Battle of Jakku, the ship’s owner probably did not expect to fly into a war zone -- let alone get shot down. The individual probably survived; Ben didn’t find any skeletal remains near or in the shuttle when he first stepped into rust bucket. It was small, half of the ship inhospitable due to the damaged it received upon impact when it fell from the stars years before Ben was born. The cockpit and single bunk were lightly damaged; the cargo hold was a mess of twisted durasteel and half buried in sand. The starship was the first thing he found after leaving Unkar’s outpost nearly three years ago. Of course, the creature didn't appreciate the action and reduced his portions accordingly for the insubordination. When he first discovered it, it was fairly large for the eleven year old boy but now it was a tight space and the latest addition did not help with the livable space issue he was now experiencing. Today, Unkar was in a better mood. He received two and a half portions; one each for him and the girl and a half for taking responsibility for the girl’s training. He gave them all to the girl, rationing out the remainder of his ten portions for himself. The dreaded ten that caused him two days worth of food. Usually he would negotiate deals on the side for the extra food even though he understood that undercutting Plutt was asking for trouble. But he needed to eat and if he could get more out of the deal, why not? He was working for a portion a day; Plutt was earning credits for his hard work. If Ben could get paid in the amount of credits Plutt overcharged, he was sure he could purchase two crates worth of portions. Once Ben learned the hustle, he made sure to not go hungry more than he needed too. As the girl rolled over in her sleep, Ben wondered if she remembered her life before Jakku. Considering her pale skin and smooth features, it didn't seem as if the girl worked a day in her life. So why would her family drop her off on a planet that work was the key to survival? Why would anyone throw away their child? None of that mattered though. She was just like him -- alone with no family out there who cared enough to not leave them stranded on a planet full of scavengers. Eventually, he figured, she would forget her family and past and her days will blur into nothing with a bleak future spent stealing and cleaning parts for food. “ No one comes back to Jakku,” Ben mumbles to himself, crossing his arms over his chest and leaning back against the durasteel wall of the transporter. “ No one. “ *** She was a quick learner. That was the first thing Ben had noticed about the child when he brought her back to the outpost and to the repair yard. She couldn't hold the tools and the parts were too big for her tiny hands, but she could name them and with enough reputation understand what purpose each part served to a starship. It would help her tremendously in the long run once Unkar sent her off into the desert to salvage old parts. If she couldn’t tell what was valuable, she would be bound to die from starvation unless one of the far off villages took mercy on her poor soul. Being a female didn’t matter; a scavenger was a scavenger and one employed under Plutt was bottom of the barrel. “Your name is Rey, right?” Ben asked as he worked on a transporter. It was small, enough for one pilot and their cargo. Apparently their compressor went bad and needed a replacement and just luck of the ship’s owner to be stranded on Jakku. The compressor the poor guy bought from Unkar Plutt was garbage and overpriced. The mechanic couldn’t bring himself to admit it to the customer though. “ Yeah.” “ Last name?” “I don’t have one.” Ben was standing on a small platform, his upper body deep within the belly of transport ship he was working on. Wires and parts hung from the narrow opening he managed to fit himself in, the broken parts scattered on the sand beneath him. He knelt down, enough so he could see the girl standing near the ship with a wrench too big in her tiny little hands. “ You sure?” He tosses a rusted part onto sand with a thunk. Rey looks at it, taking note of it’s shape. A compression pipe. “ All I remember is Rey.” The part isn’t worth much. Perhaps a quarter portion if she was lucky. “ Let me see that wrench.” Ben extends his hand out to her and she hands him the tool. His fingers brush against the tips of hers and he can’t help but notice that they’re soft, the digits not having experienced a single day’s labor. He mentally grimaced at the thought that within a few months they’ll begin to be just as calloused his own. A few days later, Ben gives her a pair of gloves. They’re too big for her hands; they’re old and rough but she tries them on anyway. “ It’s to keep your hands from getting rough,” He pauses, looking down at his own two. Black dirt was caked underneath his nails and calluses covered his thumbs and palms. “ Once they get that way, it’s hard to get rid of it.” She only nods. The little girl is too young to understand the subtle warning. *** It’s nearly six months after her arrival that Ben takes her to Unkar Plutt to trade parts for portions. He hadn’t taken her to the Starship Graveyard to find the parts, rather they were from his own personal stash that he would use to barter ‘better deals’ from the Spacers that arrived on Jakku for repairs. Ben could remember the first time he stood on that line, a sack full of random parts he found in the sand, dwarfed by the many scavengers looking for their cut of Unkar Plutt’s aged portions. He was overwhelmed and hungry. The Blobfish knew this. For the bag of random parts, he received a half portion. At the time he thought he hit the jackpot… … it was only a week later did he realize that Unkar Plutt had undercut him. “ I see you have the girl working already.” Unkar says with a slight tinge of amusement in his gruff voice as Ben dumps the bag of parts onto the oversized creature’s counter. Rey can barely see over the counter and she is sort of glad that she can’t look into eyes of, what everyone outside of Plutt’s earshot called, the Blobfish. “ She’s a quick learner,” Ben replies cooly, “ For a girl her age it’s impressive.” “ I am impressed.” He picks up a piece, inspects it, “ That such little hands were able to clean this part so well.” “ I cleaned them.” A pause. “ She wouldn't be able to clean them as well as you would have liked.” Unkar Plutt hums to himself, “ One quarter portion.” The piece, along with the rest of the bag, is tossed from his fat hands behind him like trash. Ben frowns; he could have gotten at least five portions for it if he sold it to a smuggler at the outpost -- easily. Unkar would have given him half of that; more than the quarter he just offered. “ Surely you realize that these are worth double than a quarter.” Plutt reaches from his stash of rations and slams a quarter’s worth on the counter. “ When the girl actually works for herself then I'll probably reward her. Don't take me for a fool, boy.” Ben looks at the payment begrudgingly before taking it. He glances at the small girl and she looks up at him with an expression of disappointment, like they just lost a game. Except this wasn't a game; it was survival. Rey was barely six and the world was still new to her. She may not understand it now but eventually Jakku would suck her innocence and there was nothing he could do to stop it. Which is why he strived to keep her away from Unkar’s business and occupied with only childish wonder at strange aliens, rogue smugglers, and wild spacers. It was working. They made their way out of Unkar’s tent and through the bustling crowd of Niima’s Outpost silently, the little girl taking double the steps to keep up with the taller teenager’s wider strides. From afar it would have looked odd on any other planet; what were two children in tattered sand-colored robes doing in such a shady outpost such as Jakku’s Niima but to the residents of the planet, it was a normal, if not unfortunate, site. They stop in front of a speeder that’s nearly double Ben’s age, which sat outside the gates of the outpost. He runs his hands against the chipped red paint, sighing in frustration. Rey looks up at him, slowly reaching for the end of sand-colored robe wrapped around his upper body. It was frayed in certain sections, secured tightly against his skinny frame with a black belt that had seen better days. She grips onto the fabric, tugging slightly and pulling Ben out of his thoughts. He looks down into innocent hazel eyes and gives her a small smile that doesn’t reach his brown eyes. Ben reaches inside his robe and pulls out the single quarter portion. He hands it to the little girl and she releases his robe, taking the portions into her own tiny, gloved hands. “ You lied.” She says. There’s no tinge of disappointment or shock, it’s more or less a statement. He glances at the girl, contemplating what she said, and then extends his arms out to her, a sign she takes as to get into the speeder. She obliges, allowing him to pick her up and lifter her into the aged one seater. “ Sometimes you have to lie to survive.” Ben says once he’s on the speeder, securely behind her. The engine starts, then quietly, “ Thank you. “ The teenager glances down at the girl securely sitting between him and the handlebars of the speeder. Perhaps, he thinks to himself as he adjusts his goggles over his eyes, she understands more than what he had originally thought. Notes: I think this chapter should be the last of the story's set up. Again, thanks for reading! Chapter 3 : Chapter 3 Summary: Rey goes missing and Ben has visions. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) “ Look at this! How much do you think the Blobfish will pay for it?” Ben looks up at the twelve year old girl from his seated position at the cockpit of their ‘home’, taking a pause from tinkering with an old salvaged part he was trying make useable for a repair he was hired for on the side. If he got the ship to work, the smuggler would pay him with nearly 30 portions; if the job was excellent, double. Placing the part down on the broken control panel next to him, he watched as the girl held an old Alliance fighter pilot’s helmet in front of her. It was scuffed and caked with dirt, the markings nearly faded and obviously too big for the young girl’s head. It’s a relic. That much was for sure. Perhaps, some place far away from Jakku, someone would have pay a decent price for a piece of galactic history that changed the entire political landscape but on a place like Jakku, especially Niima Outpost, it's nothing but junk. Unusable and worthless to anyone but history nerds and die-hard enthusiasts. “ If it can’t be installed in a ship -- “ Ben begins. “ It’s worth nothing. Yeah, yeah, I know.” Rey finishes with a roll of her eyes. This wasn’t the first time they’ve had conversations like this, especially when Ben was finally forced to let the young girl off into the Starship Graveyard to start scavenging for herself and fully return to his job as Unkar Plutt’s mechanic. There were so many times where she would come home, dragging a bag full of parts and random oddities that caught her interest. She would yell his name out into the quiet desert and he would step out of the transporter, wiping his hands with his rag, meeting the girl’s excited grin with a small smile of his own. Those times he was worried for her safety more than anything, finishing jobs quickly to be back before she arrived. Jakku was unforgiving but the creatures that resided on the planet were worst; willing to kill in order to survive. How could a child like herself handle the trenches of the Starship Graveyard without the help of the mechanic, he didn’t know. But as long as she came home safely every night, that was more than enough to ease his nerves until the next morning where life repeated itself. He glanced at the long staff that rested against the warped durasteel on the other side of the transporter, near the half buried cargo bay. The salvaged piece, made up of several parts of crashed ships, proved to be a worthy defense tool for the girl. He made sure of it, testing it against the hull of a junk ship that sat outside the edges of Niima. The staff was fine but the hull received the markings of a frustrated teenager. Ben could only imagine the amount of times she actually had to use it outside of his assault on Plutt’s possessions. “ But could you imagine… like this must be priceless, you know?” Rey inspects the helmet in her hands. “ Imagine what the person saw in that battle… In that war .” “ I'm sure if you look harder in those fields you'll find even more of those helmets. More storm troopers than Alliance fighters, probably.” He crosses his arms over his broad chest, “ It's a sea of ghosts out there and the living aren't concerned over the possessions of mere ghosts.” Or at least the living of Jakku . He watches Rey’s reaction as her hands that held the helmet slowly fell in front of her person with a sigh. “ I guess you're right.” She mumbles, albeit with a bit more anger behind the words than he had anticipated. Without another word, Rey turns around and makes her way outside the transporter. More than likely she was gonna toss the helmet into sand along with the other relics Ben always warned her against keeping. Usually she’d come right back in, plopping herself into the co-pilot’s chair and start rambling about the day’s work she performed. So he picks up the part he was working on and continues to fix it anticipating the girl’s usually loud return within any minute. Ben takes a screwdriver, attempting to unscrew a screw from the piece but no matter how much strength he puts into the screw, the piece of metal does not budge. Frustrated, he tosses the piece back onto the control panel and reaches for the makeshift curtain that covered the viewport, protecting the inside from Jakku’s sun and heat, pushing it aside slightly. The sun was setting, casting the sky in brights hues of oranges and purples. Soon the heat would quickly dissipate, leaving those exposed to chilly unforgiving nights. The sand dunes of Jakku were a grey-ish blue, with the ones far off into east already black against moonless night that was gradually making its way across the sky, sucking the oranges and purples into its vice grip. These nights were one of the worst to be caught outside. People that wondered Jakku on a moonless night were usually never to be seen again -- or that was what Unkar Plutt told him many years ago when he tried to escape for the first and last time. He was twelve years old then. Young, frustrated and extremely naive. Now he was barely twenty-two and stuck with the responsibility of a twelve year old. Ben sighs in frustration as he closes the curtain. He was older, a man now, but he was still that stubborn child that was abandoned nearly fourteen years ago. Unkar Plutt still made it a point to this day to always call him the ‘stubborn boy’, a constant daily reminder that all his problems were his fault and no one else. Noticing that Rey had not returned inside the transporter, Ben stands up and stretches -- or at least makes an attempt to as his head knocks against the short durasteel ceiling of the makeshift home. His height made things that were possible five years earlier nearly impossible now. Rey was amused at the fact that he now needed to tread the small living quarters hunched over in fear of banging or bumping his head but it was anything but for the young mechanic. Eventually they (or he) would need to move -- to find some place bigger to accommodate them (or himself). Rolling a kink out his right shoulder, Ben makes his way outside the transporter, pushing aside the heavy tarp that separated the inside from the outside. The sky is nearly black, the western horizon just a speck of purple and dark orange as the stars come out to play above. A quick glance around and Ben notices that Rey is not there. He frowns, stepping out further into the desert and looks around. No girl in sight; not even the worthless helmet. A panic starts bubbling in his chest. He’s told her about Jakku on nights like this -- what happens to those that wonder -- and yet he can't stop the increasing fear that she did exactly that. That he pushed her to the point of running away with stupid helmet into desert and nothing else and now she won't be coming back. Ever. She’s only twelve; not even up to his chest in height. There's no way she would have gotten far. If he went searching now he could find her before the sun completely sets, leaving them blanketed with the darkness of Jakku’s moonless night. If could collect his thoughts and just focus maybe he won’t screw this up like every other time he decided to act carelessly. He runs a hand through his hair to collect his thoughts, then, “ Rey!” His voice echoes off into the distance but there's no reply. Again he yells and again no reply. This is not happening. It can’t be happening. He runs farther into the desert, up a dune, nearly tripping over the loose sand that refused to defy gravity and just stay in place. Once atop of the sand dune, he calls her name but he hears nothing -- no sound, no wind, nothing . Just the sound of his erratic heartbeat against his ears. Thump, thump, thump . Ben closes his eyes for a brief second and then opens them. This isn’t Jakku. He doesn’t know what this place is called but one thing he does know for certain is that it is not Jakku. It’s a ship. A freighter. He doesn't recognize it. He swears he's never stepped foot in one like this but he can't get over the sense of familiarity. Like he has been there once before… Only he couldn't remember exactly when . The scuffed durasteel walls, the cold recycled air, rounded corridors and soft hummings of the ship’s engines. All so familiar yet not. Ben hears crying down the corridor. He turns around towards the sound of a child’s tears, feet slowly moving hesitantly, wary of what lies ahead. The sounds become louder until they are clear as day. He looks around, expecting to find a child but there is no child in sight. Instead, there’s a booth with a table in one corner with a game he couldn't quite name but knew he had played it once. The opposite corner from where he stood lead to another corridor that wrapped around the other half of the ship. The open space was filled with various crates of unmarked cargo stacked against the walls. Closing his eyes, Ben runs a hand through his loose hair and opens them again. He's still on the freighter and the tears continue from a child hidden somewhere in that very space. He looks down at his feet, the grated durasteel floor finally giving Ben the answer to the source of the cries. He kneels down, reaching for the hatch on a floor panel door that lead to wherever the child was hiding at. Then he hears a voice calling from the distance and his hands freeze. Is this ship trafficking humans? He looks around the room; its clear that this isn’t just any other freighter -- it does a lot more than hauling goods. The mechanic looks towards the direction of the sound. He can't make out what is being said. It's muffled like he was being submerged in water, unable to surface to hear clearly what was being said. Yet, the child’s tears are distinct and clear to Ben’s ears. A man appears from around a corner but Ben can't make out the face -- he feels like he knows this person but he can't remember who or what they are. Yet, he can vaguely remember this person -- the jacket he wore, the black pants… the blaster that sat on his hip in the holster. It’s all blurred details; like he’s watching the man through watery eyes with only vague details standing out amongst the rest of what could not be seen. It's too confusing. Everything is confusing him. He has no recollection of this place and of that man yet the familiarity of it all sings close within his heart and mind. He has been here before and he knows this man before him. Yet he can’t put a face to him -- he can’t remember his face -- and whatever the man is saying, he can’t make sense of it at all. It’s mumbled and muted, voice completely unrecognizable to the twenty-two year old. Ben doesn’t know if he’s physically there or not, but the man pays him no mind -- as if he’s not even in the room. He reaches out, opens his mouth, but nothing happens. Words don’t leave his lips despite his own mind going miles and miles per minute. He’s left to watch, unable to do anything but stand up, step back and watch as the ghost of a man kneels down onto the floor, lifting up a hatch and revealing a young boy. “ Ben… “ The man’s muffled voice is clear. His voice is calm, loving. Worried. Sad. The mechanic freezes. He… he has heard this voice before. Once. “ There you are…” But he doesn’t remember when he heard it or who it belong to. The voice sounded too kind… too… sad . Regretful. Like he was pitying the crying child hiding away in the maintenance hole. But everything felt so real to him. Too real. “ Don't leave me.” A whimper followed by a hiccup. He had been there before. This…. happened to him. The man reaches down into the hole and two little hands grab on to his forearms. The blurred man hauls the child up and the moment Ben sees the mop of wavy black hair he gasps. That child is him. He doesn’t need to see the face to know that it was him. The man holds the child close to him as if he was trying to shield him from some unseen evil in the room. Strong arms wrapped around a tiny frame protectively as if this man was this boy’s father. “ I’d never leave you, kid.” A whisper against a small ear. Everything goes black. *** Eyes open to a starlit sky. Looking around Ben realizes he is back on Jakku, the soft sands a cushion against his tense body. He grazes the sand with his fingers, the sand still warm in contrast to the now cool breeze that was softly blowing against his skin. This was home. This was what he knew. A helmet comes into his vision, “ Ben… You okay?” Rey… He closes his eyes and swallows spit to moisten his dry throat, “ … Y-yeah.” “ I guess passing out outside is a new hobby.” At least she’s safe. By the sound of her voice it didn’t appear as if she was crying or angry at him. In fact, it seemed as if she was there the entire time which muddles the situation for Ben further. What exactly did he experience? Where did he go? A hand is held out to him. He looks between the hand and the helmet, unable to connect the two. Things weren’t making much sense to him. A moment. Ben realizes the voice is coming from the helmet. Rey’s head is completely engulfed in the oversized headpiece. She’s only visible from the neck down and she looks absolutely ridiculous. He reaches up and his large hand pushes the helmet further down eliciting a high pitch screech from the girl as she fumbles forwards in shock. Rey swats his hand away and rocks backward on her heels to regain herself. “ Where were you?” He would frown but Ben is too exhausted to bother with the display of emotions. She blinks but he can’t see it with the visor covering her entire face. “ Here…?” She stands up effortlessly, wiping sand on her pants. She takes off the helmet and tucks it under her right arm. “ I went out to toss the helmet but figured I’d keep it. I come back and you’re passed out in front of the transporter.” Ben sits up and hunches slightly over, “ For how long?” “ Five minutes tops.” Then a shrug, “ Could have been longer. I didn’t hear anything. Were you looking for me?” Yes . “ No.” He slowly stands up. “ No… I just wanted to get a better view of the sunset. I guess the workload from today wore me out.” He looks at Rey and ruffles the top of her hair. She swats him away again, complaining about him messing up her buns. “ Keep it.” He adds later when they’re back in the transporter eating portions and drinking stale water tinged with faint taste of metal. “ On some planets those things can go for a lot of credits.” Rey shoves a piece of bread in her mouth, “ Really? Credits? ” She says between chews. “ I’ve heard from off worlders that look for relics of the war. The cleaner the relic the more its worth.” Rey glances at the helmet as Ben continues to make idle conversation and imagines she’s flying away in an old X-Wing… far, far away from Jakku. Ben talks to distract himself from the nagging feeling growing from deep within. Notes: oh man, guyyysss <3 thanks so much for the bookmarks and kudos. i really appreciate everyone's positive responses to this story <3 thank you so much! Chapter 4 : Chapter Four Summary: Rey knows that he lies to protect her Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Ben was caring. He was loving. He was devoted. Those were the three things Rey would say if someone was to ask her to describe Ben. In the years spent in his care, she had not felt unwanted or abandoned. He was always there, always making sure that she had something to drink or something to eat. If they were running low on portions, he would sacrifice his own to make sure that she would not go hungry. If there was only enough water for one person that night, he would give her the rest until morning. He made sure that she was always safe and secure from whatever dangers Jakku had lurking amongst the sand dunes. Ben may not have been the people that left her abandoned on Jakku -- her family -- but that didn’t matter now. To the young Rey, Ben was her family now. Ben was also sad. Detached. Distant. These were rare moments. Moments that Ben tried to hide from Rey; the moments spent in his dreams where he would cry in his sleep or yell out for a father who he could not recognize or a mother he could not name. Times where he would sit in that old, beat up cockpit chair and stare off into the distance detached from the world, as if he’s trapped in another place and only she could bring him back from whatever nightmare he’s visiting. Times where he would lift his hand up, as he sat on top of a sand dune, and see if he could move something with the Force; nothing would change and Rey would not both to ask as he comes back down. “ How’s your speeder coming along?” He would ask as she works on her own speeder. She would look up at him, covered in grease and grime, and notice the sadness in his eyes. The way his smiles never quite reached them. The disappointment in realizing that whatever dreams haunted him were never a reality. “ Good.” She would reply, “ A few more days and I’ll be able to go deeper in the graveyards to find more good stuff.” He’d pat her on the head, ruffling her hair like he’d always would, and step back into their home leaving her to her project and with a sadness in her own heart. It’s when Rey is at Niima Outpost, cleaning parts with calloused fingers along side an old woman, that she learns about Ben. It’s not much information -- it’s not his life story -- but it gives the young teenager a better understanding of the young man. “ They left him here,” The woman mumbles as she scrubs a part clean. Her skin is wrinkled and skin so tan it looks like leather. “ They had to.” Rey looks at the part in her hand, “ Why?” “ I don’t know.” The old woman tosses the cleaned part into pile and grabs another part from a different one. It’s almost like she’s a droid, running on one simple program. “ But they did it to protect him.” Rey looks up, across the outpost at the starships that needed repair, and sees Ben talking to a smuggler. His working goggles are pulled up, resting on top of his head, and his robes are stained with grease and dirt, the sleeves rolled up exposing strong tanned arms to Jakku’s brutal sun. She can’t help but imagine him somewhere else, probably a senator at the New Republic; fair skinned, dressed in expensive robes and wearing fancy headpieces as he debated important issues on behalf of his people. He was meant for something greater than this. When she goes to barter with Unkar Plutt with her findings, he surprisingly shows her a sign of mercy. “ A storm is coming, girl.” He drawls as he ungraciously slams four full portions onto the counter. “ A dead scavenger is no use to me.” Rey takes the portions wordlessly. She quickly leaves, shoving the portions into her robes. Rey grips onto the leather sling of her staff, the edging fear to quickly make it to her speeder safely. Unkar Plutt was never discreet when he paid scavengers in large amounts because he knew that the others would attempt to steal those portions for themselves. The kill or be killed mentality amongst Plutt’s scavengers was amusing to the outpost boss. Free entertainment for an otherwise bleak existence. There were many occasions the young scavenger witnessed of individuals being attacked over two portions, left for dead in the hot sands. No one ever attempted her life but Rey wasn’t too sure if that would always be the case as she gets older, no longer a little girl but an equal worth the fight for survival. Ben is sitting on his speeder when Rey joins him. He always seemed larger than life next to her yet never entirely comfortable with his own body. He was tall, large, and lanky -- always carried himself with uncertainty. Self conscious. To her, he was her own personal guard; a jedi knight who would protect the princess. The stories he would read to her as a child when should just spend all day inside the starships Ben worked on. If someone were to ask her if she ever felt safe on Jakku, Rey would reply that Ben made her feel safe. She wondered if he felt the same. She reaches for his hand. She places four portions into his much larger palm. “ A storm is coming.” Rey merely says. Ben takes one and gives her back the rest. She reluctantly takes the portions and slips them inside her robe. “ I’ve seen that ship before,” Ben begins, rolling the portion between his fingers like a washer when he’s bored. “ Or something like it.” Rey looks at the ship in question. It’s a large freighter covered with tarp. Based on the design, Rey could only surmise that it was a Correllian YT-1300 -- or at least a variant of it. “ Maybe you repaired one once?” Ben laughs, pocketing the portion. “ Ships like that don’t come to Jakku. That one has been here as long as I have.” His smile falls from his features, his voice becomes distant, “ I’ve seen it before--before I came here.” “ I think Unkar stole it from someone. I doubt you’ve seen it before unless you used to hang out with smugglers and rift-rafts. Heard it was the property of a smuggler.” Rey jumps onto the speeder. She pokes at Ben’s head with the tip of her booted foot. “ Come on, let’s go home. I’ll drive.” Ben looks up at her and shakes his head before getting onto the speeder, sitting behind the smaller girl. It’s an awkward position (Rey’s frame is obviously shorter) and when she leans forward to grab the handlebars of the speeder, she nearly looks like she is disappearing within. He holds onto the back of the seat and taps her shoulder. Rey looks over her shoulder and with a grin, pushes her goggles down and over her eyes. Ben does the same. She starts the speeder and it takes off into the desert. ** The Breath of R’iia, or X’usR’iia as the native Teedos had named it, raged hard the following morning. It wasn’t the worst of storms Rey had experienced but it was brutal none the less. The winds howled against the durasteel walls of the transporter they called home. Chains that anchored the speeders to the ship rattled against the ship sounding like loud shots ricocheting into the wind. The first time Rey had experienced the X’usR’iia , she was frightened and hiding underneath the flimsy sheets that made up her bed. Ben had comforted the seven year old with distractions -- stories that he told of adventures from years beyond their own. Princesses and jedis, fighter pilots and storm troopers -- enough stories to keep her mind off of what was going outside and whisk her far away. When she had asked where he had heard the stories, he would go silent and disappear within himself mumbling a simple answer, I don’t remember . Now, the storms were more or less a test of survival. Those who did not understand or fear the storms did not survive. Those who did managed to live another day. This still did not stop Rey from wrapping herself in a blanket and hum a song Ben had once sung to her when she was seven years younger with a small smile as Ben sung along softly with lyrics he couldn’t remember how he come to learn them. “ Do you miss them?” Rey asks, when they’re lying on their backs staring up at the durasteel ceiling, trying to make out the corroded wiring and rust in the darkness of the night. Rey has most of the blankets while Ben only has one. He shifts to get more comfortable. “ Miss who?” Ben asks. Rey takes a layer of sheets off of her and tosses it over to the mechanic. He catches it. “ … Your family?” Ben sighs, adjusting the sheet on to his oversized frame. It barely covers him. “ I don’t have a family,” He lifts a hand up as if he was reaching for the stars. “ I know this might sound…” Rey searches for a word, “ … Weird? But… When you sleep… I hear you.” She pauses, and then, “You talk in your sleep.” Ben doesn’t respond, but his fingers dance in the air above like he’s trying to pull at tendrils in the air. Something that, deep within, he knew was calling to him. “ You… call for your mother… and… and… You cry. You always cry.” Ben hand falls to his side. With a sigh, he says, “ I don’t have a family, Rey.” He rolls over onto his side, away from Rey. She crosses her arms over her chest and closes her eyes. For a moment she tries to remember a past with a family but nothing comes to mind. There’s no family, no home, no uncles named Chewie or Luke, or a father who made her cry with loneliness so deep she couldn’t even comprehend how alone he could have been. It was empty, bleak -- nameless. Something bubbles within her chest, as if someone had dropped a weight on her heart. There’s a lump in her throat and she finds it hard to swallow. A sob hitches in her throat but she covers her mouth in an attempt to muffle it. It’s futile as hot tears begin to roll down her sandy cheeks. The loud winds from outside do nothing to mask her sobs. Ben sits up and looks over at Rey, who’s wiping the tears from her eyes with the back of her hands. “ Rey…?” “ It-it’s nothing. I’m fine.” She sits up and pushes the blankets off of her. “ I’m okay.” Ben reaches over and wraps his arms around her smaller frame. He pulls her close and rests his chin on top of her head. He hushes her sobs, trying to calm the girl down. Rey wiggles out of his embrace and chokes a laugh as she wipes her eyes. “ I’m fine. I’m… I’m fine. It’s just that… I can’t remember them. I can’t remember my family and I don’t know why .” She crosses her legs and runs a hand through her loose hair. “ I dream every night of nothing but Jakku. Of sand dunes, of ships, of the bloody blobfish and yet I can’t even dream of my own parents .” Rey pulls her knees up and rests her head on top. She wraps her arms around her legs, hugging herself. There’s a silence that fills the small space. It’s almost as deafening as standing outside in the middle of the X’usR’iia , then -- “ I don’t remember them.” His deep voice breaks the silence. It’s matter-of-fact, straight to the point. “ I don’t remember what they look like. What they smell like. What they wore.” Rey turns her head to look at Ben. She can’t really see him in the dark but she could imagine his expression. Distant, detached, sad . Always sad. “ I try to. I… I try to remember the dreams. Their faces. I want to remember their names but I can’t. I wake up and they’re gone. Like they never existed. There this wall and no matter how many times I try to climb over it, I fall. I keep falling until I’m back in reality.” Rey knows their names. Mother. Father. Luke. Chewie. Sometimes he cries them out, sometimes he laughs, sometimes he says them endearingly. Ben pinches the bridge of his nose, “ Back to Jakku .” He spits the words out like a curse. Then again, for them, Jakku is a curse. “ But, despite that , I realized that I don’t need to remember.” He looks over at Rey, “ I have you. You’re my family, Rey… and… I’m your family.” He leans over and wraps his arms around her again. “ We have each other.” He whispers into her hair. “ We are a family.” Rey nods. He’s trying to comfort her, placate her, protect her. But she knows that he’s lying. He lies to protect her; he gives her false truths in order to keep her from recognizing what horrors the universe had for her. But she’s thirteen, almost going on fourteen, and she’s seen her fair share of horrors. Death, sickness, murders, suicides… She has seen all that Jakku has to offer. She knows Ben can’t protect her. It’s a couple of hours later when they’re lying down. Ben is asleep but Rey is still staring up at the ceiling, the winds of X’usR’iia louder and more vicious than before. She wonders if they’ll be buried alive this time, forever lost to the deserts of Jakku until the next storms unearth them for scavengers to pick from. Her thoughts keep her awake. Left to listen to the person next to her fall into a dreams of a life he’ll wake up and not remember. “ … Don’t leave me here…” He whispers in his sleep, choking back a sob. It’s barely audible to her, his voice muffled by the blankets he clutches in his hands. Rey sits up and crawls over to Ben. She looks down at him, at his face, and notices the trail of silent tears staining his cheeks. Hesitantly she wipes them away and reaches for his hand, covering it with her own. She dreams of an ocean. When she does dream, that is. And when she closes her eyes, that’s what she dreams of. An ocean with an island. Usually she’s there, alone, with no one to speak to. It’s always the wide and open blue sea with the jagged rocks that made up the islands scattered about. She would always sit in a clearing, left to her thoughts, watching the sun rise in the distance. But this time, she looks up and he’s there next to her. Rey doesn’t know how and neither does he. He simply sits down next to her and looks off into the distance -- towards the sunrise. They don’t speak. They just sit in each other’s company, enjoying the tranquility offered by a place they’ve never been before. Notes: I wanted to jump into Rey's mind a bit here with this chapter. She's much harder for me to write than Ben. I've also been binge watching Adam Driver's filmography which is probably influencing my interpretation of Ben... I want to not do that but it is easier to write Ben as if Driver was to perform him? I have no idea. But his characters seem to follow a distinct archetype. Ah, I'm rambling now lol. I also hope I don't make Ben sound like a creeper. Their relationship is totally platonic as of this chapter. He looks at her as a sibling and nothing more. Thank you all so much for your kind comments and kudos! The response has really boosted and encouraged me to continue this little story. I really appreciate everyone for reading and thank you so much for taking the time out to comment! Notes: The God honest truth is that the last fanfic I wrote was in 2011 (which u can find here if like zutara). I am so rusty at this so I do apologize about how "not good" this story is. This is totally not beta'd. This was honestly inspired by a piece of fanart I stumbled on while browsing Tumblr . I thought it was such an interesting AU and I figured that since there's so many fanfics that focus on Rey being taken into the Skywalker family, how about a good ol' switcheroo? :D There is a reason why these two are on Jakku and I hope to explore that with this fanfic. I definitely do not want to make it a long narrative, but rather glimpses into these two lives (also i suck and can't keep up with a long epic tale). I would love to read everyone's thoughts :3 Thanks for reading. ps -> come roll in the trashbin with me