Over the course of his life, Han Solo had developed a bad habit of borrowing trouble. But today, he figured, it was high time he dealt with troubles that were all his own. Chewie had yowled an admonition at him when he'd first punched in the coordinates to the Ileenium system, but it turned out that the big Wookiee was admonishing the pilot's hesitation and not his choice of course. Chewbacca was amused, it turned out, that Han still remembered the coordinates to the secret Resistance base. He'd only ever visited once, and that had been years ago, and he had literally never talked about it. But he had remembered all this time how to get there. Not surprising, but still it made Chewie smile. "You okay with this?" Han asked his copilot, pointing to the coordinates that he'd lay in but not yet engaged. "You know we're probably about to get roped into something here." Han shrugged. "And I did tell her I'd be staying if I ever went back there." [[It's about time,]] was Chewie's answer. Han nodded his head. His old buddy was right. "She smiled at me," Han pointed out as he made the last of his preparations to go to hyperspace. "Did you see that?" he asked. "She smiled at me; first thing when she got off the transport, she smiled at me." [[Yes,]] Chewie allowed patiently. He engaged the shields on The Millennium Falcon and pointed at the lever that would engage the hyperdrive. Han grinned broadly as he reached for it, but stopped short. "I'm doing the right thing here, yeah?" he asked. "I mean," he continued, his hand starting to shake as he rested it on the hyperdrive, "you don't think she'll be mad, do you?" Chewie shook his head and growled. [[She smiled at you,]] he answered, pushing down on the lever that would take them to light speed himself. The jump was quick and uneventful. Han had to ride the hyperdrive pretty closely to watch for trouble, but it seemed like the hasty work that Rey had done to bypass the damned compressor was holding up. He liked that kid. The other one, well… that jury was still out, he supposed. Han hated to think of Rey in the custody of The First Order. And more than that he hated to think what they wanted with her. Kylo Ren was, after all, an aspiring Darth Vader; and he remembered distinctly the things that Vader had done to him all those years ago. And worse- the things he'd done to Leia. He wasn't sure what he was going to tell her about Rey first: that she'd found the missing droid on Jakku, or that she'd somehow picked up a stray runaway storm trooper, or that she'd just happened to steal his missing freighter and had it pointed squarely in her direction when he'd found them…. But what he'd probably start with was how Maz told him that Luke's old light saber had been sitting in the castle basement and that it had somehow Force-summoned Rey to it. The damned Force. Han still hated The Force. It had been The Force that had given Darth Vader his power- the power he'd used to subjugate and to torture people and that somehow his own child had come to idolize. It had been The Force that had taken their son from them, and had subsequently taken them from each other. And it had almost certainly been The Force that had caused Rey to be kidnapped by The First Order. He blamed The Force for this whole ordeal. The alarm sounded to let them know that they would be coming out of hyperspace momentarily. Han took a deep breath. This was it. He was really doing this. He was really going back. For good. And he had about ten seconds left to change his mind. No. He was doing this. Seeing Leia today had been the best thing to happen to him in years, better even than recovering his beloved freighter. He took a deep breath and toggled the lever, easing The Falcon back into real space. Suddenly, the loud squeal of feedback filled the cockpit, followed by the humming and buzzing of a com channel that was coming in way too hot. It was soon joined by the unmistakable but unintelligible sound of voices horribly distorted by unreasonable volume. Chewie yowled at the assault on his senses. "Turn it down!" Han hollered "Who the hell left that turned up all the way?" he asked rhetorically as Chewie fumbled with the dial for the volume. Han shook his head. It was probably the same moof-milker who'd installed the compressor and the fuel pump. He had a momentary fantasy of spending some real, quality time with The Falcon in Leia's hangar, of undoing every single bit of idiocy that had been done to his ship in the years he's been missing it…maybe Leia would bring him a cup of caf when he was up late working on some broken thing or another, and he'd wrap his arms around her, and…. "Unknown vessel," a voice, finally intelligible through the blown speaker interrupted his lovely-but-improbable domestic fantasy. "You are entering restricted space," the voice told him. "Please divert." "Who, me?" Han asked quietly. "Unknown Corellian Freighter," the voice came over the speaker again. Chewie warbled his assertion that yes, whoever it was had to be talking to them. "You have entered a restricted area. You are being instructed to divert immediately." The hell…. "This is Captain Han Solo of The Millennium Falcon!" Han insisted, trying not to let too much annoyance into his voice. "Requesting clearance to land." he insisted. "Unknown Corellian Freighter," the voice said back to him, sterner sounding this time- if that was possible. "We are unable to verify your identity. Request that you change course." Han shook his head. He was not about to withdraw now. "Check the transponder, will ya, Chewie?" Han asked, "make sure we're broadcasting our true identity. I don't want these guys to mistake us for hostiles." Chewie yowled in frustration. [[The transponder is disconnected,]] he told the pilot, [[the last guy who stole the ship probably didn't want anyone to be able to find it.]] "I hate that guy," Han mumbled, trying to come up with his next move. "Um…" he said into the still-open channel, "transponder malfunction," he lied. "Unknown freighter," the controller on the other end repeated, "please withdraw or we will be forced to take action." "Forced to take…? Whoa!" Han was about to challenge the assertion when he saw three X-wing fighters approaching in attack formation. "Hey, cool it, will ya, guys?" he asked forcefully. "Unknown freighter," Han heard over the comm. The level of background static told him that this address was coming from one of those X-wings. "You are being instructed to withdraw. You will alter course or we will be forced to take aggressive action." These guys meant business. Not that Han blamed them, but still…. Here he was doing the first good and right thing he'd done in longer than he was sure he could remember, and he was about to get fired on for it. It flashed through his mind for a second that maybe Leia had put out a standing order to shoot him down if he ever came calling. No, he corrected himself, that was definitely not her style. He'd just felt the need to follow a bunch of Resistance personnel back to their super-secret hidden base without bothering to let them know he was coming. Whatever this was, it wasn't personal. And then it hit him. Leia! These were her troops, and she could call them off. He could only hope that she was someplace where she could be reached. Her transport hadn't been that far ahead of the Falcon- and there was every chance that she wasn't planetside yet, but maybe just the act of asking for her personally would be enough to get them to hold their fire until they could raise her. "I need to speak to Leia," he called out frantically into the open channel, "let me speak to Leia Solo." There was the distinct sound of mumbling in the background as the lead X-wing fired a warning shot across his prow. "Jheez!" Han exclaimed. Chewie warbled a reminder at him; something he'd made himself forget over the past few years. It was a fact that Han didn't like, but in this moment he couldn't exactly argue its merits. "You're right," he said quietly. And then louder: "Organa," he corrected himself. He knew that she'd gone back to her maiden name. Keeping the Organa name had been important to her as the last Princess of Alderaan, and he hadn't objected when they'd married. In the years immediately after she'd left the Senate, though, she'd come to use his name occasionally when she cared to get things done under the radar. He had to admit that he'd liked that- a lot. Of course, she'd stopped going by Solo years ago. But Han had let himself forget that...until now. He repeated himself clearly into the com unit: "Get me General Organa." It was at that moment that their young passenger chose to join them in the cockpit. With all of his trepidation about a reunion with his wife, Han had almost forgotten that the kid was aboard. "Did they just shoot at us?" Finn cried as he burst into the cockpit. "Ah, it was just a warning shot," Han answered as a blast from the lead X-wing connected with their hull. "But that wasn't!" he allowed, grabbing the yoke with both hands and juking their way out of the X-wings' line of fire. The three fighters broke formation and made pursuit. "They're shooting at us!" Finn exclaimed. "Looks like it," Han said back to him as he barely managed to juke a shot from the second X-wing. "Ahhhhhh!" Finn wailed. Chewie put a paw onto the young man's shoulder, forcing him to pull himself together. A little. "I'll go man the gun," he offered, "but it's stuck in the forward position…." "Can't return fire," Han insisted, bobbing and weaving his way between shots from all three fighters now. If this hadn't been so serious, he thought, it might have been fun. Felt kind of like the old days. He may have made a few more laps around the sun, but he was still a hell of a pilot. "Why not?" asked Finn, incredulous. "They obviously know I'm aboard. They know I'm a storm trooper…." "Sit down, kid," Han interrupted, he had neither the time nor the energy to explain why firing on friendlies- even when they had fired on you by mistake, was a bad idea. Chewie growled a similar sentiment. The Wookiee's tone was enough to ensure Finn's compliance. "Somebody please get me General Organa!" Han bellowed as he dove toward the surface of the planet, his shields taking a grazing blow from one of the X-wings. He heard another mumble over the channel and then a familiar voice took over from the controller. "Solo?" he asked, "is that you?" Han heard Finn sigh in such a way that he wasn't completely sure that the kid hadn't fainted. "Ackbar!" Han exclaimed, happier than he'd ever thought he'd be to hear an old colleague's voice. "Can you call off your fighters, please?" he asked immediately, barrel rolling his way out of another shot making contact. "I'm being fired upon up here!" "All fighters," Ackbar addressed the open channel immediately, "stand down." Han let out an audible sigh of relief. So did Chewie. So did Finn. Instantly, the three X-wings disengaged and moved back into formation. But Ackbar didn't stop there. "Your orders," he instructed, "are to escort The Millennium Falcon to the surface," he said. "and onto the main flight line." Han took a deep breath and exhaled slowly. That was good. He had only known where he was going in a very general sense. He remembered what system, and what planet, and even what continent. But the only time he'd been planetside was before they had the flight line built. "Captain Solo," Ackbar told them all, "is a personal guest of General Organa. And myself," the old admiral added. Han frowned. Was that Ackbar trying to tell him that he was extra welcome, or was the old fellow trying to keep the young guns from gossiping about him and Leia… or was it a subtle hint to Solo that Leia wouldn't exactly be paying him any special attention when he landed? Han heard the telltale clicks of the fighter pilots closing communications. He could only guess at the conversation that they were having on a private channel. He kind of liked the idea that one or more of them might be as afraid as he was of how Leia was going to react to their near-skirmish. Han fell in behind the flight of X-wings as one of them popped back into the channel. "Millennium Falcon," the lead pilot addressed him as though the last several minutes had never happened. "Follow me." The pilot clicked his comm off immediately as Han shook his head. That had been close. But it was over now. The real hard part was coming up next. "Thanks, Ackbar," Han said as he started to prepare his ship for landing. "You're welcome," Ackbar said back to him before signing off. Han could tell then, that there was still an open link somewhere on the channel, and from the background noise, it didn't sound like one of the fighters. "D'Qar base," he addressed whoever might be on the line as officially as he could. "Be advised you have an open channel." The answer he got was not the one he expected, but the voice he'd have recognized anywhere. "What kind of nerf herder," Leia began, "purposely flies into range of a forward fire base without a working transponder?" Han couldn't help but laugh. Thank the stars she was having a sense of humor about this. "The stuck up, half-witted kind who'll probably never learn?" he answered her honestly. He heard Leia laugh a little. Damn, it was good to hear her laughing. "Have a safe landing," she said to him. "Come and find me when you get on the ground." "Will do," he answered. Han was tempted to add 'highnessness' or 'your worship' to the end of that sentence. But he didn't. One eleven minute conversation after years apart wasn't enough to base a happy reunion on. Not yet. He had to be happy enough that she wanted to see him when he landed. He heard the click and static that told him that Leia had closed out communications on her end. Chewie warbled a reminder that her calling him names was usually a good sign, and Han had to laugh at that. In fact, he had to laugh a little at this whole business. Everything had changed today: in the galaxy, and in Han Solo's own little corner of it. As he followed the three fighters through to the atmosphere and along to the flight line of the base, he had a very powerful set of realizations. He was back aboard The Falcon. He'd been smiled at and he'd been shot at. Leia had called him a name, and she was waiting for him to land. And he was already feeling like he had come home. Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 13 of the Completely Canon Tales from the Millennium Falcon series Next Work →