In the days since the destruction of Starkiller Base, Leia Organa had spent more of her time aboard The Millennium Falcon than anywhere else. The old ship, and the young woman who had agreed to fly it to find her missing brother, had become the center of the General's world. It had served as both a distraction from her grief, helping ready the long-neglected vessel for the journey ahead, and a tangible connection to the man whose life it had come to symbolize. And although she knew intellectually that restoring the freighter to working order would in no way bring Han back to her, Leia had found her only comfort in the idea that she could keep a part of him flying. The ship would be departing within the hour, with Rey and Chewbacca at the helm, on the much anticipated voyage to try and find Luke. And Leia had only begun to wonder what she was going to do with herself after. What would it be like to come to the flight line and not see The Millennium Falcon there to greet her? How would she spend her idle hours without anything to do with her hands? How would she manage to even sleep without the late night sessions of idle chat and elbow grease that she and Rey had made near ritual of? She was lost. Floundering. Unsure and unable. The General found herself wandering the freighter's small lounge, fingering the switches and gauges that she had spent these few days repairing; offering the ship a final caress before takeoff. She heard Chewbacca before she saw him, his heavy Wookiee footfalls unmistakable on the hollow decking of the hallway. He came into the lounge, but he did not address her. The tired Wookiee instead seated himself silently at the Engineering station by the door and began his pre-flight checklist. Wookiees had elaborate mourning rituals; Leia knew this. She wondered if her silent stroking of the old freighter's panels and switches was similar. She wondered if Chewie was just giving her space to grieve; or was there nothing he cared to say to her? Leia looked over to where her old friend was sitting at the console, minding the details of The Falcon's imminent departure. They had barely acknowledged each other in the days since his return from Starkiller Base- each of them too afraid to seek each other out. They were both too consumed with guilt and with questions and with fear of the other's reaction to their own parts in the death of the man that they had both loved so very much. But Chewie was about to leave on her errand. And Leia knew that there was something he deserved to hear. "It's my fault he's gone," she said plainly, trying desperately to hold her tears in check until she could get through this apology. She heard Chewbacca turn in his chair, and so she turned around to face him as well. "I asked him…" she confessed, "I'm so sorry." The big Wookiee let out a tiny whimper, and rose from his seat, clearing half the distance between them with a single stride. He looked down at Leia and shook his head slowly. "Do you hate me Chewie? Do you hate me for sending him there?" she asked him quietly. There was a very good chance that she would get no answer. If her husband's dearest friend blamed her for their loss, it was of equal likelihood that he would tell her so or say nothing to her at all. Wookiees were a stoic lot; their legendary tempers flaring in only the most dire and most threatening of circumstances. Even if Chewie did blame her for Han's death, a weepy old woman hardly seemed threat enough to incite his anger. The big Wookiee placed a paw gently onto her shoulder and whimpered a sentiment that had no literal translation. [[I could never hate you,]] he answered then, careful to speak slowly enough that he was sure she would understand. Chewbacca stepped closer to the tiny woman before him, enveloping her in a hug that he knew they both needed. Leia, who'd been proud of how well she'd managed to hold herself together, found herself once again overwhelmed, easily abandoning herself to tears in her old friend's embrace. "I killed him," Leia whispered, sure that the Wookiee's superior hearing would allow him to understand the words even as her face was pressed into the fur of his chest. It was the first time she'd admitted it out loud; that she blamed herself for the death of her beloved. Nobody else knew what she knew. She had borne that burden alone for days now, and even if sharing it with her oldest friend would lead to the end of their friendship, letting him know the truth felt like the right thing to do. [[No you didn't, Leia,]] he countered. [[It's not your fault]]. She shook her head. Of course he would say that. He didn't know. He didn't know about the last exchange she'd had with her husband before they'd flown off to Starkiller Base. If you see our son, bring him home…. "He only confronted Ben because I asked him to," she sobbed. [[Name for me one time when Han Solo did something that he didn't want to do,]] Chewie challenged her gently. 'When I threw him out' she wanted to say. But that wasn't true, not really. Their separation, although horrendously painful for both of them, had in the end been by mutual consent. They had both come to acknowledge that no amount of love or good intention would get them through the quagmire they had found themselves stuck in. They each had to find their way to the other side of the pain, and it had become plainly obvious that it would not be possible to get there without parting company. It had just been Leia who had the fortitude to say it out loud first. She shook her head, still buried in the Wookiee's fur. "He did it for me, Chewie," she insisted. Maybe not because she had forced him to, but he died doing something she had asked of him. And she would never be able to forgive herself for it. [[For you, perhaps]] Chewie allowed softly, [[but because he wanted to- not because you forced him to]]. Leia knew Chewbacca's words were meant to be a comfort, but they did nothing to mitigate the horrible guilt and despair that were consuming her. [[Because he loved you,]] the Wookiee amended, [[and he wanted to]]. Leia sobbed and shook her head again. "I'm not so sure," she confided. It had been a long time since she and Han had spoken to each other before their paths had crossed so unexpectedly on Takodana. There hadn't been much time that day for conversation beyond the exchange of immediately necessary information; but a lot of words had been exchanged between the two of them in the limited time they'd had. And those three had not been among them. Han had said that he was there by choice. He had said that he intended to return. He had even flirted with her a little. But those words were never exchanged. [[He said so,]] Chewie told her, holding her a little tighter as his own tears began to fall. "He did?" Leia asked, genuinely surprised by the revelation. [[Often,]] Chewbacca replied. Leia sobbed again. Wookiees as a race were both revered and reviled for their honesty. She had no reason to believe that what Han's old friend was saying was anything but the truth. And yet she was having a very hard time believing it. For a moment, she wondered why. Knowing as she did the depth of her persistent feeling for her estranged husband, why was it so difficult to believe that he had felt the same? Maybe because she hated herself so much right now that she couldn't imagine anyone feeling anything else toward her…. [[He said it the last time,]] Chewbacca continued as though he sensed what she was wondering, [[as we were approaching the base]]. He took a small step back, just far enough that he could look Leia in the eye. [[He said he was still madly in love with you and that he looked forward to coming back and to having you happy to see him]]. Leia found herself stifling a chuckle. "Did he now?" she asked. Han had never been one to openly talk about feelings. She could not imagine a scenario in which he would have said that out loud. But then again, it had been a long time. Maybe she didn't know him so well anymore. [[Yes,]] Chewbacca answered plainly. [[He was very excited to see you again,]] he added. Leia wasn't sure she was ready to hear this, and she wasn't sure how much more her husband's dear friend would be willing to say. She already felt like she had intruded on some sacred confidence of their friendship, but she wanted to know so much more. She wanted to know everything. Had Han talked about her over the years? Ever? Often? Had he shared anger, guilt, remorse, longing…? [[I wish you could have seen him when your forces arrived on Takodana,]] Chewbacca said to Leia. [[When the X -wings flew over,]] he continued, [[I wish you could have heard him say, 'It's the Resistance'. He was in awe. And when I pointed out your transport about to come in for a landing, he pushed past me and ran toward it, and said 'my wife is on that ship.' My wife is on that ship,]] Chewie repeated the sentiment to be sure that she understood. Her mastery of Shriiwook had clearly held up over the years, but he wanted to be extra certain that she knew what he was saying right now. [[It was never over for him,]] Chewie assured her. [[He always believed that he would be with you again before his life was over. And he was right about that. I only wish I could have stopped him from crossing that bridge.]] Leia wasn't sure if Chewie meant that literally or figuratively. Rey had told her, in fits and starts and snippets over the course of the few days, enough about what happened that she had been able to piece together the last few moments of her husband's life. He'd followed Kylo Ren out onto a gangway. Ben had removed his mask, allowing Han to finally see the face of his son as a grown man. They had exchanged tense, although possibly tender words. Ben had held out his light saber, and Han had taken hold of it. And Ben had switched it on, piercing his father's chest with its crimson blade. He hadn't died immediately. Han had managed a moment to touch his son's face. And then he had fallen from the gangway, to whatever mechanical abyss lay beneath, and had remained there until the planet had been blown to dust. It wasn't lost on Leia that her beloved husband, ever the vagabond, had met with this particular fate; that he had become part of what made up the stars themselves. It was a poetic tragedy, and likely the end Han would have chosen for himself; albeit after many more adventures and most certainly catalyzed differently. [[I stood right there,]] Chewie shared now his own guilt with his late friend's widow. He'd had a Life Debt to Han Solo, and he'd failed to uphold it. [[There where I could see,]] he told her, [[But I could not stop him. I could not stop this from happening.]] Leia looked through fresh tears into her old friend's eyes. "Tell me one time," she said, echoing his earlier sentiment, "when anyone was ever able to stop Han Solo from doing something he wanted to do." Chewbacca yowled the most mournful sob that Leia had ever heard. She hadn't had any idea how important it was for the two of them to absolve one another of the guilt that they were both carrying. They reached for each other then, falling into the embrace that they were both going to have to count on to get them through the months and years ahead without the man who they both had adored so dearly. [[I have one more confession to make to you, Leia,]] Chewie said softly, in a tone that Leia had been unaware the Wookiee was capable of until now. "What is it?" she asked gently. Chewie hesitated, but his honor said that he must confess this some time, and better to do it now and have the matter settled than to have to drag it out another day and open these wounds fresh again. [[I shot…]] Chewie began, hesitating even as the words were forming. [[After what happened,]] he began again, [[After Han fell, I shot your son.]] Leia could feel the force of the Wookiee's sorrow as he confessed to her. [[Little Ben,]] he continued, [[who I cradled in my fur on the day he was born. I shot him.]] Leia shook her head. There was a level of horror in what Chewbacca had gone through that she would never understand. He had been there. He had seen the person who was dearest to him in the entire galaxy struck down by the evil man who had grown from a boy he had once loved so dearly. "No, Chewie," Leia comforted. "You shot Han's murderer," she continued. "Even I can see the distinction in that." Chewbacca let out another sob, relieved that Leia had forgiven him so readily, but still unable to forgive himself. An alarm rang in the distance. Leia stepped back from the Wookiee's embrace and shook her head. "That's the signal to the flight line," she said. "They have an hour to get clear of your engine wash." Chewbacca nodded, wiping the moist fur of his eyes with the back of his paw. "That means," Leia added squaring her shoulders and taking a deep breath in a motion that seemed to instantly pull herself together, "that I only have an hour until I need to be General Organa." Chewbacca nodded again. He understood. He had seen the many faces, the masks, that Leia had been made to wear over the years; and he had seen the different personas that she had so expertly presented when the circumstance warranted. Han Solo's widow was not sending a mission in to the unknown to search for a missing Jedi Master. Han Solo's widow was not the leader of The Resistance. Those distinctions belonged to General Organa; and that was who Leia would have to be. "I should go get changed," she added. Chewie patted her shoulder with an understanding paw before sitting back down at the Engineering Station to continue his pre-flight checks. Leia turned to leave, but stopped herself in the corridor. Tears in her eyes once again, she looked at her husband's dear friend. "Thank you," she said as loudly as he trembling lower lip would let her, "for looking out for him. And us," she added. "He loved you so much." Chewie whimpered softly and looked back at her. [[Thank you for loving my friend,]] he said back to her. [[and for making sure he knew it.]] Leia gave Chewie her best approximation of a smile as she turned and headed out of The Millennium Falcon, those precious words from so long ago echoing through her consciousness. I love you. I know. I love you. I know. Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 20 of the Completely Canon Tales from the Millennium Falcon series