“Today we stand here, free from tyranny and free from oppression. We have triumphed over the First Order, and now we prepare for the future!” The ship was spiraling out of control and Finn could hear Poe's panicked voice in his comm. “Finn! Finn, it's gonna be okay, we're going to get you!” Finn bit his lip. He knew that if Poe went after him they would both be captured. He was scared, kriff, he was terrified, but he couldn't drag Poe into this. “No! No, Poe, don't, listen, it's going to be okay, I'm going to be okay!” Poe's voice cracked, and Finn knew it wasn't the crackling of the comms that was causing it. “No, no, I'm not going to do that! I can't do that!” Finn took the moment to stall long enough. “It'll be okay, Poe. I'll be okay. You know me, I'm always okay.” “Finn, no, please, no..” “Relax, Poe, it'll be okay. I'll see you soon, okay? We still have to check out the rest of DQar. You promised.” His own voice cracked. “No, I'm gonna to get you, I --” Finn's comm frazzled out as the ship went dark. Finn bit back tears and took a few deep breaths as he watched helplessly as he hurtled to the ground. He blacked out at the crash, not noticing his monitor being ripped from its place. The groove of the ship's path on ground was riddled with debris, his life monitors blank. If they could have gone after him, they would have. They would have tried to find his body and bring him back, but the Order was winning the fight, and the Resistance was pushed back. “And as we prepare for that future, we all must remember our past, and those who gave their lives for us all.” Poe was inconsolable at losing Finn. Instead of spending his time dwelling, he threw himself into his work, storming every base, hoping to find Finn, at best, a prisoner, at worst, a body he could bring home. Karé remarked once that it would have been better if he was dwelling. When the day came, Poe waited where he and Finn had planned to meet to explore the planet. He didn't do any exploring himself. No, he just stood there like a statue at vigil. Just waiting for Finn. He didn't believe the man was dead, not even a little. BB-8 tried to help Poe find closure, but it didn't work. For Poe, the war never ends. He doesn't show up to any medal ceremonies, doesn't even go home. Until he finds Finn, the war isn't over, and he doesn't deserve it all. But he still has to go to speeches and everything. He’s a commander, he has to keep up appearances. Even his appearance looked like he hasn't slept in ages. “So, I present to you, this memorial of the Resistance!” The sheet comes off the slab of stone, and Poe can see the tiny inscriptions of names on it. People clap, bow their heads, the like. Poe just stands stick straight. After the ceremony, Poe walks along the memorial, reading each name, some he knew, some he didn't. He can see Han Solo’s name, one of many. People of the New Republic, who were lost in the firing of Starkiller, were listed too. Poe comes to a stop and looks at a name, not the last, but one of them, at least. The war had ended so soon after he was lost.. It's odd, to see the name with nothing after it, and he laments to himself that he never gave the man a proper name. He grits his teeth and the only thing he can think is: Finn's name doesn't belong there. Chapter 2 : No Honor Summary: Rey and Poe are desperate to find Finn, who has become weary and defeated. “Poe.” “Go away.” “Poe.” “I said go away.” “ Poe. ” “I SAID GO AWAY!” Poe turns to yell this at Rey, who falters and looks away long enough for Poe to feel the seeds of guilt sprout. He sighs and looks back to the computer he was using, and had been using for the past month. He doesn't look up as he hears Rey sit down beside him. “Have you found anything?” her voice is softer now, barely holding any hope. Poe sighs and puts his head in his hands. “No. Not yet. But he's out there. I know it.” he can see the faint doubt on her face out of the corner of his eye. “Rey, I know it. If he had.. died. One of us would have felt it, right? You're a Jedi now, you have the Force, you would have felt something.” Sure enough, Rey had the robes of a Jedi, and double sided lightsaber of a silvery blue color. She had learned from the best, Luke Skywalker, and another Jedi they met in a backwater planet, an old Togruta named Ahsoka Tano. She shook her head. “No. No one felt anything. Not Master Skywalker, not Mistress Tano. But.. Poe..” “So he's out there. He crashed and I didn't go after him. I owe it to him to find him and bring him back.” Poe sighs, rubbing his face weakly. Rey puts a hand on his shoulder. Poe looks like shit. A beard has made its way to his features, and his curly hair had grown matted and oily looking. His skin didn't look quite right either, pale and peculiar fitting on his bones. It was like he was losing weight and gaining it on and off. Rey does't want to give into this, doesn't want to feed Poe false hope, but the man needs this. At the very least, closure on the matter. Rey does too, actually. “Okay.. We'll work together. Master Skywalker wants me to explore the galaxy, see the planets, now that we can. I can look for him. Ask about him.” Poe looks up in disbelief as she starts talking again, her voice soft. He wasn't expecting that. “Really?” his voice more than conveys his disbelief. She nods. “Yes. But, Poe, please do a favor for us all. Shower, shave, get some proteins and carbs in you. Please. You'll make yourself sick like this, and you can't look for him when you're sick.” Poe is so relieved to have her help that he nods instantly. “When I go out, I'll keep in touch. I'll look around for him, I swear.” Rey does need this, just as much as Poe. Finn was -- No, is her best friend, and Poe is her friend too. She has to do this for all of them. She stands and looks down at Poe. The man looks pathetic, and tired. “..You need sleep, Poe.” he shakes his head. “I can't.. I keep hearing his voice in the comms. He.. he sounded so scared, Rey.” his voice breaks and Rey looks down. “We'll find him, Poe.” Dead or alive. “We will.” And with that, Rey leaves, leaving the door open for BB-8 to roll in. The droid gives a mournful beep and rolls up to rest beside Poe, who absently pats their dome, sighing. “I know, buddy. We'll find him and bring him home.” ---- Finn wakes up with a grunt and peers around the dark room he's in. He sits up and is about to go find Poe, maybe to talk, or just sit quietly with him. Poe's always good when it comes to nightmares, and can always make Finn feel better. He's stopped by a faint clink and pressure at his wrist. Finn turns to look at the cuff that keeps him chained to the little cot. His eyes close and he looks down. He sometimes forgot where he was. After a moment he glances around to the rows and rows of cots, and all of the other occupants. Defeated, he lays back down and hopes for sleep, although he knows he'll remain awake until it's time to get up. A few hours later, Finn is unlocked from the cot by a man older and crueler than him, and the singular cuff is replaced with a set of shackles, letting his arms only be open enough to lift things. He's dragged to his feet and lines up with the others as their ankles are also shackled. After that, a role call is done. Yet again, Finn doesn't have a name, doesn't have a face. Just a number. He isn't sure where he is. Or what he is really doing. As far as he knows, he and the others are mining something, obviously dangerous, because even they wore thick gloves. He had once overheard it being called Rhydonium, but he hadn't really spent enough time learning about the galaxy to really know what it was. If Finn had once thought Jakku, or Tatooine, which he had been on a mission at, was hot, he had never been prepared for this. Or maybe he hadn't spent enough time on either planets. But wherever he is, it's really hot and dry. His feet, which have been barefoot since he was first caught, are calloused and burned from the hot surface. It's been a long time, too long for him to know, but by now, he couldn't even feel the ground below his feet. It's like wearing boots. He works through the day with the others, silent, and keeping his head down. At noon they all receive a small portion of water and an even smaller portion of food. They aren't even allowed to stop working. At one point, a young Trandoshan tries to break free, hissing and screeching about freedom. One of the masters click a button, and boom . The implant in his side explodes, and Finn doesn't need to look to know that a massive hole now exists in his body, and his organs have spilled out. No, he can smell the burnt flesh. There's a pause, and then the crack of a lightwhip puts them all back to work. The silence now is heavier, a quiet mourning now taking place as they come to grips with the loss of their fellow. Although it's doubtful that he would have comeback for them anyways. So it seems , Finn reflects, there isn't honor amongst slaves. Not when it's beaten out of you. Chapter 3 : AUTHOR'S NOTE Hi guys, I'm so sorry for such a long wait, I really didn't mean for it to happen, but I want you to know that I will be continuing this fic. I just haven't been able to come up with any new material for the chapter, so I'm going to put this on hold for now, and work on some other fics. I also plan on revising the chapters I've written so far, because I've been rereading over them, and I'm not satisfied with what I've written and how I have. I don't know how long it will take, and it's possible I might just completely rewrite it, but when I do start updating, I'll keep it active and steady. Notes: The chapters will get longer, I promise!