Chapter 1 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Ben stopped for a moment, hovering over her body as it caught the blue light that filtered in from the window, where the endless city of Coruscant flickered and danced in the night. She was like a painting to him, the softness of her skin and the strange and beautiful turns of her body laid bare like a picture of a goddess. They were both sweaty, their bodies radiating heat, the deep salty musk of arousal hovering like a cloud around them. Her legs were spread, one knee on either side of his torso. He had always assumed he would panic at this point and lose his nerve. But instead he found himself just pausing to drink in the image of her lying there beneath him, the feeling of her hand on his arm, gripping him gently in anticipation. He had seen her body before. They had been teenagers together, trained under the hasty and incomplete but always kind tutelage of Luke Skywalker. There had once been a Jedi Academy, but the students of that institution had fled in a hundred different directions more than four years ago when the Empire attacked it. Since then it was only the two of them, and Luke had intensified the training because he was keenly aware of the growing need for Jedi training among the Resistance fighters of the New Republic. They had gotten to know one another fairly well, in that time. “Io,” Ben said softly. Her eyes, which were dark and deep as wells and had always looked like they were moving through water, looked up to meet his. “Yeah?” she replied, her voice made so quiet and breathy by their foreplay. He felt worlds turning within him. He was her first, and she his. It felt like they had been making their way to this moment for a long time. “Are you sure?” he asked, bending his face down to rub his ruddy, full lips and the end of his long nose on her cheek, over her ear, through wisps of her short black hair. He did not expect her to say no, but he felt compelled to ask. “Yes,” she whispered, letting her warm breath on his ear send electricity through his body. She felt his cock throb in response, and felt his body tense as he lifted his head to put them face to face, nose to nose, staring into her eyes with his own dark gaze. Io felt the arc of pure energy between them seem to grow brighter as he positioned himself over her entrance, taking one beat to make sure everything felt right before he began to push into her, gentle and yet never losing a moment of intensity. As he entered her, she felt waves of sensation begin to radiate through her body, and even though her breath caught with the pleasure of it and her eyelids fluttered and her grip tightened, she did not break his eye contact. ~~~~ She could remember his face, smiling at her in the sunlight on Yavin 4. They had been only fourteen years old at the time, but their bond was becoming clear. After training one afternoon they climbed up to the top of the temple that had once housed the Jedi Academy, looking out through the canopy of the thick jungle that surrounded it. “I bet making your own lightsaber is really hard,” Ben said. That had been something that Master Luke had mentioned that day, when one of the other students asked where the lightsabers came from and when they would get to train with one. “Just picking what to make it out of,” Iola had replied, idly twirling her quarterstaff which she always carried around with her. “I don’t know what I would use for the crystal. You have to pick something that can handle the power of the Force,” “The Force that you can channel into it, anyway,” Ben replied. He seemed worried. “I don’t know. I’m worried I won’t be very good with a lightsaber. Or that I’ll build a crappy one,” “Why do you say that?” Io asked, her brow furrowing. Her hair had been long then, pulled behind her head in a high ponytail and falling in haphazard waves over her shoulder. Her mother was a noblewoman on the planet Duro, and had been adamant about Iola keeping her hair long as it was considered to be part of a woman’s dignity and status. Io hated it, of course. It whipped around behind her in the breeze as she spoke. “I mean, you saw me in training the other day,” Ben said, looking away from her and sounding dejected. “I just kept slipping off of the Footpath.” They had been training to use the Force to guide them as they walked along the Footpath, which was a series of raised stone pillars in a pattern that resembled that of walking stones laid into a garden- except that it was fifty feet in the air, in the courtyard outside of the smaller temple. “I think you just got nervous. I think you should practice trusting yourself. Then I bet you use the Force and find out you’re pretty good at it.” Io smiled, a smile that was half smirk but all genuine. Ben felt himself blush. That was the first time he also felt the weird flip in his stomach that he would soon become familiar with. “You think?” Notes: I hope you get the joke hidden in my summary now :3 By the way this sex scene does continue and also there are a lot of real-time fast-forwards in later chapters. Chapter 2 : Chapter 2 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) “Ben,” she murmured once his length was fully inside of her, and he groaned and took her face in his hands. For all the pleasures of the other things they had done this one was strange and immense because it felt so good, so incredibly intimate. She had almost, but not quite, gotten used to the feeling of him inside of her before he began to pull out and then thrust back in again. Her eyes flew wide open. “Oh!” she breathed as the sensations swept over her, one after the other so quickly that her mind had no time to adjust, she was swimming in the feeling of it. His breaths came big and heavy as his lean, muscled torso curved with each thrust. Feeling her body jerk in response to him was only fueling his desire. Her hands wrapped around his chest, fingers gripping his back as he continued. Her mouth was slack, her breath ragged in her lungs, her eyes unfocusing. Watching the pleasure on her face was almost as incredible as feeling his own wash over him, feeling his groin tighten as the pressure built. Her face had always betrayed her enjoyment, but never like this. ~~~~ Once, on the desert planet of Jakku, Ben and Iola had been perched in the sleek spaceship they had been given on Bespin the day before. It had an unusual bench seat in the pilot’s section, since it was meant to have two pilots. Luke had decided to go into the space port alone, because bounty hunters made their way through the Outer Rim territories fairly often and all three of them were wanted by the Empire. They could not even seek legal refuge with the New Republic, since the Empire admitting to their underground hunt was in breach of the Galactic Concordance and therefore unlikely. It was technically night on the planet, but there was a gas giant and its moons visible in the sky, making it a very bright night. They sat on the pilot’s seat, peering out the window. “Did you ever hear from your dad?” Io asked, glancing at Ben. His hair had gotten long and his face had gotten a little more somber. He sighed. “No,” was all he said in reply. There was a moment of silence where she watched him, searching his face. He was scared, she knew that much. She detected a trace of anger, but the kind that one often feels is irrational, and so keeps it tucked away. For three days in Cloud City they had waited for the arrival of Han Solo and Chewbacca to no avail. Lando Calrissian had equipped them to the very best of his capabilities, and tried to assuage their fears about Han. Ben had been checking the comlink on the ship almost every ten minutes since they’d departed. “He’ll turn up,” she said, and it was clear she believed it. Ben felt his face tighten. He didn’t want to cry, especially not in front of Io. “Yeah,” he sighed halfheartedly. She went back to looking at the sky, wishing she hadn’t spoken at all. The silence hung around them, heavy and dark. “It’s a shame we can’t be enjoying a picnic or something out on the sand, with this view,” Ben said suddenly, in that way he had of finding something childlike and joyful even in the worst predicaments. Io felt her face curl into a smile as she examined the celestial bodies that hung in the sky, making all the stars seem half-shrouded in a dull brilliance. He looked at her, her face tilted slightly upwards away from him, the absolute mess of her dark hair like a penumbra around her head. She had cut it off once the first bulletin had shown a picture of her with the long hair her mother had so vehemently demanded and the word Wanted beneath it. There were a few odd freckles on her face despite her olive skin, her lips bunched into that wistful grin he occasionally saw. It had been a long time since she had laughed, or he had laughed, or they had laughed together, after a meal or just before a class or at the swimming hole that had been thirty-odd miles from the Academy temple and a choice escape on resting days. “I could pour you a glass of Corellian brandy,” he added, “and of course one for me, and we could eat cold roast gornt and gihaal and haarshun bread.” He smiled as her face grew less and less enthused with each dish he named. “And we could steal whatever shabby little melons this planet can drum up from the hydroponics and eat them while sitting on a bantha rug.” “Maybe you should have stopped with the brandy,” Io laughed. “Everything else sounds questionable at best, and dangerous at worst!” “What, you don’t like smelly dried fish or bread that has to be reconstituted?” he asked, feigning shock. “Or the lingering smell of bantha fodder?” She was really laughing now. The entire concept of a picnic was funny enough, given their position as fugitives who mostly ate rations of condensed protein and drank water from the ship’s filtration system that tasted slightly metallic and was usually unpleasantly warm. The idea of sitting on the sands of Jakku in the planet-and-moonlight and eating stolen scraps seemed almost bizarrely possible, except of course for the brandy. “No, I think I can safely say that I will stick to whatever is in those god-awful ration boxes and the brandy, if you don’t mind,” Io said, playing along. “I’m afraid it’s an all-or-nothing deal,” Ben said, drawing his face into exaggerated disappointment. “That’s all I have to offer, and if you only take the brandy I’ll be left with nothing but stinky food and an even stinker bantha rug,” Their laughter lingered and then dissipated, leaving a less thick silence to drift over them for a moment. Suddenly, Io turned to look at Ben. “Hey, do you think we’ll die before we get to do normal stuff, like have a pet? Or fall in love?” she asked, seeming more curious than sad. “Um, well,” Ben stammered, surprised by the question and more surprised by the word ‘love,’ which made him uneasy in general but at that moment even more so. “I don’t know about the pet thing. That could go either way.” “But love seems possible, huh?” she said, not looking at him anymore but looking at the sky again. He could nearly see the two little moons hanging in her dark irises. “Yeah, well, love seems to happen no matter what circumstances you’re in. Look at my grandpa and grandma,” he pointed out. Io felt a strange twinge in her heart at the mention of Darth Vader and his fall to the Dark Side which was born of his possessive love of his wife, Padme Amedala. But Ben was not wrong. The Jedi had been forbidden to seek romantic partnerships in those days, and Padme herself had been the Queen on Naboo before then becoming a Senator in the Old Republic. In spite of any and all good judgment, they had fallen in love. “Yeah,” was all she said for a moment. Then, she looked at him, and the strange energy that had spurred the question was there again, but softer. “Did you ever kiss that girl, Loran?” Ben was actually shocked at this question. Loran had been a human girl from Coruscant that attended the Jedi Academy with them. “Uh, yeah, actually. We kissed a couple of times. She was….” He trailed off. “Not that interesting,” he finished a little limply. Io didn’t seem perturbed, just curious. “Did you like it?” she asked. “Why are you asking?” he replied, feeling nervous. Io shrugged and looked at the control panel of the ship for a moment. “Because I kissed her too,” she said, glancing up at him with a mischievous little grin. His eyebrows shot straight up. “You kissed her too? Did she know we both…?” “I think she knew. I don’t think she really cared,” Io replied matter-of-factly. “I didn’t really care that much, either. I wasn’t in love with her. I just wanted to try kissing someone.” “Well did you like it?” Ben piqued, fascinated. “I thought it was nice. It felt nice. I think it would be nicer if I had actually liked her more,” she mused. Ben found himself grinning a little. “Me too, actually,” he agreed. “It was fun. But I didn’t really feel like I knew what it was really like, you know?” Io, who had been pulling at the laces of her boots a little anxiously during the conversation, felt something bright inside of her just then. She looked up at him and their eyes met. The playfulness in the air was giving way to tension. She felt in the pit of her stomach that she wanted to kiss him. “Ben?” she asked, her voice gone quiet and soft. His face seemed suddenly very close. “Do you think… I mean….” Here she fumbled as her cheeks turned pink, but he saved her the trouble of finding more words and pressed his lips against hers. He didn’t know where the courage had come from, but it just seemed like the obvious thing to do, since he felt like his entire body was being lit up by the urge to touch her, to draw closer to her. Her lips were soft, her mouth was gentle and pliant as the kiss deepened. She felt her low belly getting hot, and reached to touch his neck even as she felt his hands snaking around her waist to her low back, pulling them closer. They had been seventeen. Notes: Ah, young love. How sweet. Seems a pity I can't linger here in memories for more of the story. JUST KIDDING I KNOW YOU GUYS LOVE THE DRAMA AND ANGST TO COME AS MUCH AS I DO Chapter 3 : Chapter 3 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) “Oh god, Ben,” Io gasped, her body so full of reverberating pleasure that she felt she might break. She felt her legs shaking around him. Suddenly and without warning, her orgasm broke over her. She’d had a few from other things they’d done, but they felt different, more external. More like her skin was crawling with pleasantness and the nerves just under it were vibrating. But this one felt like she was pushing all of the overwhelming sensations out of herself after one last violent shudder, her movements frozen in the shock of release. “Io!” Ben cried, and she realized dully that his orgasm had been triggered by hers. His thrusts became erratic and then he too froze, bound up in the feeling of it. Then he collapsed on top of her, his hands snaking around her waist, his breath coming deep and a little ragged. For a moment, they lay there in each other’s embrace, sweaty and catching their breaths. “Ben?” came Io’s voice after a long silence. He lifted his head to look at her, his face flushed and the tired expression on his face terribly charming. “Yeah?” he asked. But here, she paused for just a moment, her brow slightly furrowed as if she did not quite know how she felt about what she had meant to say. “I love you,” she said finally. It came out deliberate and painfully earnest. Ben’s face grew even redder, but he felt a slow smile curling over his face and a huge, warm light exploding within him. “Really?” There was half a second of pause, and then Io actually laughed. “Yes really!” she said, as if the question was both silly and endearing. Ben’s smile grew wider. “I love you too,” he said, his voice going as tender and soft as they both felt. She smiled at him and he knew she felt the light inside, too. He planted a kiss on her lips and then let his head fall beside hers on the pillow, Io gazing out onto the lights and motion of the never-ending city. They might as well have been alone in the galaxy, she thought. But then she noticed something odd- what looked like a window washer droid with a small light on its mandible was hovering in one place outside of their window. Unfortunately, they were not alone. Notes: I think it's about time to explore some other parts of Ben's childhood, aside from just this very adorable first time. But first, a quick cliffhanger. Chapter 4 : Chapter 4 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Han Solo stood staring at the viewscreen, watching with some amusement as Chewbacca gesticulated and whooped at him on the other end. “I’m sorry, Chewie,” he said, and though he was smirking he also meant it. “I know I am running behind. I’ll get over there as soon as I can. Cut me some slack, will ya?” The Wookie burbled a grouchy response, and the screen went black. Han rubbed the back of his head wearily. He was sleep deprived, but coming back to Coruscant was usually worth it. “Dad!” came a shriek from behind him, and he turned to see his seven-year-old son’s tiny form jumping towards him. Ben’s small arms latched around him and squeezed tightly, as if he would disappear like smoke any minute. “Hey, kiddo,” laughed Han, hugging the boy in return. “I thought you were leaving already,” Ben said. “Nah, I’m afraid the Falcon is throwing one of her famous temper-tantrums,” the smuggler sighed, and looked up just in time to see Leia rounding the corner into the little alcove where he had taken Chewie’s call. “No good, huh? What will Maz have to say about that?” she said to him before he could formulate a good excuse. “Oh, it’ll be alright. If it was anybody else, I’d worry. But Maz gets it,” “Maz puts up with it. She’s a shade less true to type than the other undergrounders you work with.” “Who’s Maz?” Ben asked, sounding excited. “A friend of mine,” Han replied. “Maybe you can meet her one day.” “Yeah!” Ben exclaimed, smiling. “Does this mean you can stay longer, dad?” “Well, it means I have to stay here and fix the ship,” Han sighed. “Can I help you?” Ben asked, almost too quickly. Han caught Leia’s face behind her son’s head, giving him a look that half demanded and half pleaded that he say yes. “Sure,” Han decided, giving Leia a pointed glance before turning to face Ben. “Do you know how to use a Harrus wrench?” “Sure I do,” Ben replied, and Leia saw him become his father for an instant, cocky and jovial. She couldn’t help but smile. “Well that’s a good start.” Han let Ben slip back to his feet on the ground stood behind him. “Let’s go down to docking bay 3, and see what we can get going.” As he slipped past Leia, who had left the smile on her face so that he might catch it, Han kissed her cheek softly. “Thank you,” Leia whispered to him. Han knew what it meant was he misses you. ~~~~~ As sparks flew from the entrance of the Millennium Falcon and he heard Ben and Chewie give little shrieks of surprise, Han stood outside of the ship reading a datapad, his brow furrowing more and more as his eyes scanned the device. “Chewie!” he shouted up the ramp at them, no longer concerned with the progress of the ships’ repairs. He heard a bellowed reply. “Did you see this bulletin on the cortex?” He heard Chewie’s feet stomp down the hall and to the ramp, and then a fuzzy head popped out above him and burbled a question-marked reply. “Look,” he said, handing the datapad to his copilot. Chewbacca looked over the information for a moment and then let out a startled woof. “Yeah, I know,” Han replied. “Someone needs to tell Luke.” “Tell Uncle Luke what?” asked Ben, who had appeared almost noiselessly behind the big Wookie. “He might be in trouble,” Han replied. “Do you know how to use the comlink in Mom’s room?” “Yeah, she showed me last month,” Ben replied, his small face even more serious looking than usual. “Why is Uncle Luke in trouble?” “Ben, I need you to contact Uncle Luke and if your dial key doesn’t work, ask your mom if she had any other dial keys for anyone who might be with him. Tell him that there is a fresh bounty on him and that I don’t know who sent it out but that he needs to be careful and come back to Coruscant as soon as he can.” The little boy nodded, his dark eyes fixed soberly on his father. “Go on,” Han said to his son, who took off running for the door. Han looked at Chewie, who howled at him. “I don’t know, and I can’t imagine who sent it out. I want to go and find Luke and see about this myself. It can’t be a legal hit. We’d better hurry.” ~~~~~ Ben tore back from his mother’s quarters in the direction of docking bay 3. He had sprinted to his mother’s suite, but she had not been there. He had not entirely expected her to be. He had gone into her room and opened the communicator panel, dialing everything exactly the way he had practiced. He entered Luke Skywalker’s dial key, but there had been no answer. Nervous, he had dialed it again, with the same results. That time he had recorded a brief message saying Uncle Luke this is Ben you have to come back to Coruscant soon my dad thinks you’re in trouble please call us and then shutting the panel anxiously. He had sat for a few moments, debating whether or not to call his mother’s dial key as well and tell her. Suddenly, a feeling of intense terror had struck him, and he’d starting running. All the way back to docking bay 3. But just as he careened into the huge open area of the bay, he saw with shock that the Millennium Falcon was lifting off of the floor and out towards the huge bay doors, through the gravity shield and out into the darkness of space. He watched, waves of half a dozen emotions hitting him at once. He left you, came a whisper in his head, so quiet and tiny and in pain. Even at seven years old, Ben Solo had tried to push that thought back into his mind because he knew that his father had left in a hurry to see if Luke was alright. But the sense of being ripped from his father’s arms yet again was already becoming a familiar and bitter ache. Steeling himself, hearing the other part of his mind calling himself a “baby” who needed to “grow up,” he watched the ship seem to hold totally still in the vast distance and then disappear entirely as it slipped into hyperspace. “Bye, dad,” Ben whispered, his lip trembling. But he did not cry. Notes: So this fic is nonlinear, I guess. But of course the Plot At Hand will always be circled back around to. I hope this isn't confusing or anything, idk, I am writing REALLY haphazardly so if it gets incoherent, just lmk. Chapter 5 : Chapter 5 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Luke Skywalker sat in the common area of the small suite, scrolling through his holopad index, looking for any indication that new bulletins with updated photos of himself and his scattered Jedi students had been sent out over the cortex. There was nothing new on himself or his two young charges, but there was what looked to be a fresh set of photos for Han Solo and his sister Leia. “Blast,” he cursed under his breath. He hadn’t felt good about splitting up on the endless city-planet, and now he felt even less good about it. He scrolled for further updates on the state of the Empire. Aside from logistical information about recent trade routes, treaties, and the ongoing attempts of the Empire to “bargain” loyalty from some of the more powerful core planets, nothing especial caught his eye. It will take time to find the emperor , he thought. It will take time to gather the old allies of the Rebellion. But we will. Too late, he noticed a strange surge of fear coming from the room to his right. The room that Ben Solo and Iola Dakur were supposed to be sleeping in. He rose to his feet, hurrying towards the door. Even as he did so, it slid open and Io, draped in a blanket and holding her travelling bag and clothes, can rushing out. Ben was fast on her heels, wearing only his pants. “Uncle! They meant to kill us!” Ben gasped as he tapped a locking code into the door’s control pad. “What happened?” asked Luke in bewilderment, skipping right over his first surprise of their partial nudity. Io scampered out of his view and began to pull her clothes on hastily. “There was a droid at the window,” Ben explained as he pulled the rest of his clothing on. “It was one of the beam-equipped sneakers. It had a laser to the window glass and it’ll be through any minute. We have to go,” “Damn and blast!” Luke cursed again, running over to grab his satchel and hurrying out of the main door of the suite as his two apprentices stumbled behind him. “Senator Roblu! Senator Roblu!” Luke repeated into the comlink on his wrist as he raced through the corridors, desperately trying to reach the Bith delegate who had given them shelter to alert him to the impending danger. But nothing came back from the com but static. “Do you think he’s dead?” Io asked from behind him as Luke brought them to the small hangar bay where their ship was docked. “I’m afraid it may be so,” he replied, looking harrowed. They bounded through the wide open bay area toward the small, sleek shuttle they’d been given by Senator Roblu. “I hope we can return this ship to him one day,” “Have you heard from Mom and Dad?” Ben asked breathlessly. But before anyone could answer, there was a tug upon all of them in the Force, and their three lightsabers (one green, one blue, and one purple) emerged to block the sudden barrage of blaster fire that was volleyed at them from the front of the hangar bay. A sinister-looking black ship had appeared there, and troopers in black flanked by more of the droids with their silent laser-beam weapons were rushing towards them. They made a mad dash for the shuttle’s ramp, sending blaster shots ricocheting the entire way. Io glanced over at Ben as he made a strange, aggressive sound, and saw that he’d managed to block a shot in such a way as to send it flying right back at the trooper who sent it. There was a loud blast as it struck the equipment on his chest plate and the electronics there sputtered out. His body fell with a thud onto the floor. “Come on!” she cried, compelled to break the surge of anger she felt rising within him. He glanced at her with that fire burning behind his eyes, but then he realized that they had made it to the shuttle and dashed up the ramp behind her, as if emerging from a trance. The door slammed shut behind them and the engines were already humming to life as Luke took to the pilot’s seat. “Hang onto something!” he shouted back at them, and the repulsorlifts nearly threw the shuttle out of the hangar bay as their shields deflected a smattering of blaster shots. As they lifted out into the wild air traffic of Coruscant, Io looked at Ben, her stomach filling with a strange, deep worry. But he seemed as much himself as ever now, as he stood gripping the back of one of the shuttle’s seats, catching his breath. He looked up at her. “Are you alright?” he asked her. “I’m fine,” she replied softly, reaching out her hand to touch his arm. “Are you?” “I’m alright,” he said, giving her a halfhearted smile. Then, he looked over out of the shuttle window at the silhouette of Luke Skywalker’s head. “They’re following us, aren’t they?” he asked. “They’d be fools not to,” Luke replied, sounding frustrated. “And no, Ben, I’m sorry but I haven’t heard from your parents. And there was a bulletin on the cortex today with new images of them. I’m worried that whoever found us found them as well,” Io felt a cold terror settle into her stomach and looked at Ben. He seemed to feel the same thing, his face blanched. Slowly he circled to the front side of the seat and sat in it, his shoulders slumped. Io did the same on the seat opposite him, looking intently at him, letting her love and concern for him wash away the fears that were eating at her innards for that moment. She reached out and took Ben’s hand. He did not lift his face to look at her, but he gripped her fingers in return, the tension emanating from his body. “Where are we going, Master Luke?” she asked quietly. “We’re going to get lost, and then see if we can’t find Han and my sister,” he said gravely. “The five of us have to get off of this planet and make our way to the Resistance Base,” “They’ve chosen a base?” Io asked, surprised. “No. I have. It is time to gather the Alliance allies and my Jedi trainees together again and organize an attack on the Empire. The more of us band together, the safer all of us will be.” There was an uncomfortable silence. Io knew Ben was not convinced that a new Jedi Order would do anything to help the New Republic. He was not even convinced that being trained to deny every aspect of the Dark side was beneficial to the Jedi themselves. He preferred a ‘holistic’ view of the Force, as he had put it. Io had always preferred a holistic view of people, and so could not fault him for his logic. But she felt that an Order of Jedi Knights could easily prove a timely and powerful tool, if each Jedi was disciplined in their understanding of their power and its false binary. All of this ran through her head as the ship sped on through hyperspace and her companions remained tense and quiet. She broke the stillness when another realization dawned on her. “Uncle, I don’t think they meant to kill us.” Luke turned his head back towards her, his brow furrowed. “Why’s that?” “Because they could have. Easily. They could have blown up our building, or something, if they knew where we were. I think the sneaker was equipped with a sedative,” she answered, looking at Ben. His eyes had widened as he followed her logic. “You think they were trying to kidnap us? Take us hostage?” he asked. “I don’t know if they meant to take us hostage. We don’t even know who sent the droid. I mean, it makes sense to assume it was or someone affiliated with the Empire. But it could have been for any reason.” She seemed more perturbed by this than by the idea of an assassination attempt. Ben just looked at the floor, tightening his grip on her hand. Luke simply turned back around in the pilot’s seat, looking out of the view screen with a harrowed expression. Notes: OK OK I HAD to rewrite the classic and stupid and poorly written scene from The Three Movies That Must Not Be Named because I always liked the idea of it but it was just sooooo sloppy in the films, obviously..... hehehehe so here's mine :3 Chapter 6 : Chapter 6 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) At thirteen, Ben Solo had been struggling with the ailments of puberty. He had begun to grow tall, even gangly, and had started to get a little pimply but had failed to sprout even one facial hair. And he had started to develop a keen interest in anyone he thought was cute, the kind of interest that actually started to annoy him because he couldn’t turn it off when he needed to focus on other things. In an attempt to channel that energy into something less delicate than spaceship or blaster repairs, he took up basic pre-academy training. In the empty portside dock where the repair and delivery ships ducked in and out all day, except for now during the delivery night-hours, Ben was moving through a series of postures that were to prepare him for his routine, warming his stringy muscles and filling his torso with the vitality of breath that would move him through the sequence. As he wrapped up the warm-ups, a tiny floating droid floated over close to him. “Academy Preparation Training, Series One,” the little machine beeped. “Set One, Core And Breath.” Ben took to the floor to begin his sit-ups, then resting in a bridge-like pose that made his entire gut feel like it was vibrating, then moving to various crunches. Set Two, Back and Shoulders. Set Three, Legs. Set Four, Balance. This one always caught him where he knew it would, square in his restless impatience. The balance poses were very deliberately made in a sequence that would allow him to enter to final pose with maximum smoothness and prepare him for the focused balance required to stay in them for several minutes. It was the part where the Force and the drive to complete a goal worked together slowly instead of instantly, and Ben had already been embarrassed enough times by his impatience and the terror of failure and denial that gripped him when he exhibited it. Just as he was entering the final version of the first Balance pose, his comlink buzzed and broke his concentration. Staggering so that he might not fall flat on his face, he cursed as he shuffled over to the small pile of his outer clothes at the edge of the bay. The light on his comlink blinked. “Ben, can you hear me?” came his mother’s voice over the tinny speaker. He felt a wave of resentful irritation wash over him as he picked up the device. “Yeah, mother, I hear you now,” he said, his tone a little clipped. “What is it?” “Your father is here, I thought you’d want to know. I’m making us supper right now, but it’s no big deal,” Leia replied, her tone also a little clipped. Ben felt a surge of childish joy, the grin erupting over his face . “Oh come on mother, we both know you don’t cook!” he joked, picking up his belongings hastily and chucking to himself. “I do so,” she replied, feigning offense. “I cook all the time,” “I’ll be right there!” was all Ben said in reply, tugging his tunic on as he nearly sprinted out of the dock, leaving the little droid behind buzzing and beeping in confusion. At the dinner table, Ben felt giddy with the surprise of his father’s visit. Han was grinning mischievously as his wife brought out plates and utensils, look down her nose at the two of them chuckling. “Well it doesn’t look like Bantha fodder,” Han said, glancing over at Ben conspiratorially. In fact, the food his mother was setting out on the table looked pretty nice, and even smelled good. “It looks kind of delicious,” Ben chirped. “Thank you, son,” Leia said, and kissed the top of his head after sticking her tongue out at her husband. “My dear, I am grateful for it no matter what it looks like,” Han told her. “If you call me ‘dear’ again, I will make sure it tastes like Bantha fodder,” she replied. Han laughed and spooned some of the stuff onto his plate. It looked like meat and a few vegetables, some of which were totally alien to Ben, cooked in a tangy sauce. It was colorful and resembled real food, which was jarring to him. He eagerly filled his own plate and commenced eating with the ravenous appetite of any thirteen year old. “Okay, I don’t know who cooked this, but it wasn’t you,” Han declared. “Because this is delicious,” “Actually it really was me this time,” Leia said. Han scoffed. “No way. How?” “I just decided to do something really easy so I couldn’t royally fuck it up. And I called the cantina guy while I was cooking to make sure I was doing it right,” she confessed with her own grin. At this, Han laughed good-naturedly. “Well, I’ll be damned. It’s wonderful,” he said. “It really is,” Ben added, smiling at his mother. She smiled back and seemed genuinely touched. “Thank you, O Great Lords of Cuisine,” she replied mockingly, grateful nevertheless. They ate rather slowly, as the treat of real food was much more satisfying than rations. “What have you been doing, kid?” Han asked his son after he abandoned his scoured plate. Ben was still eating, his third plate of food. “Well, I was in the port side dock practicing my training when I got your buzz,” he replied, eager to share his progress with his father. “I’ve gotten really good at the strength trainings but I was on the balance one and mother’s call distracted me,” He grinned at her. “My apologies,” Leia offered. “Your training?” Han asked, confused. “The preparation training for the Jedi Academy,” Ben explained. His watched his father’s face fall, and felt his gut drop with it. “The Jedi Academy,” Han restated. “Yeah,” Ben confirmed, a little meekly. “You want to go meditate with all those cooks and use a laser sword?” “Han,” Leia interjected. “It’s not as if Luke isn’t his uncle,” “I know that,” Han replied tersely, “But the Empire will be targeting that Academy as soon as they even hear a rumor that it exists,” “But I’m strong with the Force,” Ben piped up, “Uncle Luke says so,” “I know that well,” Han said gravely. “You’ve broken more than one of my shipboard components just be getting angry at it. I know you can’t help it, and I do wish Luke was around to help you learn to control it. But as it is, he’s not, and the Academy is a bad idea and I told him that three years ago,” His mother shifted uncomfortably. “But it’s what I’m meant to do,” Ben protested. “I’m a Skywalker as much as a Solo and I know that I am supposed to learn the ways of the Force and help you defeat the Empire,” Leia looked at Han, her face suggesting that he stop arguing about this right now. Ben felt his face turn red with frustration and shame. Why was there always this resistance to his Jedi training when his father heard about it? It had been his age, for a long time. Then it had been the instability of their living spaces. Now, since it was three years into its existence, it was a prime target assuming the enemy ever learned of it. Ben knew his uncle wanted him to attend, starting in a few months on his fourteenth birthday. He knew his mother was concerned about it, but she also seemed to support him if it was his choice to go, and she agreed that he would need help fine-tuning his natural affinities with the Force. Sometimes droids and wooden spoons and communicators were the victims of his moments of emotional turmoil, where the fabric of space and time seemed to ripple around him and take his anger out on some nearby blameless object. And his mother was afraid of him in those moments, he knew that as well. “Well, hey, the training can’t hurt ya to do no matter what happens, can it?” Han offered. Ben looked at his plate, suddenly no longer hungry. “It does seem to help him focus his energy and keeps him in good shape, right Ben?” his mother asked in an effort to salvage the conversation. “Yes, it does,” Ben replied, defeated. “Well, that’s great,” Han sounded both genuine and forced. “Can I do the dishes for you, mother?” Ben asked, looking up at her. Leia almost winced when she saw the young face of her son filled with loneliness and rejection, begging her for a way out of the situation. His dark eyes were filled with questions about why he was always by himself in his room or working on a ship or training, why his mother always came back to their suite late, why his father only seemed to drop in for two or three days at a time and the times were growing farther and farther apart, and why he always seemed to find something wrong with whatever it was that Ben was doing. Han praised their son too, but even when he was small he had been the subject of criticism that Leia frankly had not expected from him. She had quickly realized that Han’s harshness was the direct result of his love and concern about his child, but even if you said it over and over again it would still hurt if the love was not shown . Leia felt it, what was happening to her son, why he was so serious and grave-minded most of the time, why he seemed lonely and defensive, why his moments of childlike mischief and jokes were growing fewer and farther between. “Sure, my love,” she told him, and felt the knot in her stomach tighten at the swiftness with which he snatched up a pile of dishes and made for the kitchen. Notes: Poor little Ben! Han is just trying to protect him... but when you're only home like, five minutes at a time, it's kinda hard to get the full message across, isn't it? All this drama has me hankering for a little smut in the next chapter... Series this work belongs to: Part 1 of the Imperatum Vitae series