The Start of a Brand New Day Summary: It’s nice to know that she matters to someone. Notes: Fic and chapter titles from "Surprise, Surprise," by Bruce Springsteen. Rey lets herself into Finn’s room and, without so much as a sigh, collapses soundlessly on his bunk. Her entire body aches—Master Luke is a kind if demanding teacher—and what she really wants is a nice, long nap. Or maybe a bath. A bath sounds good. Perhaps even a massage. She’s buried her face into Finn’s pillow, content to melt into his mattress and not move until the morning, when the door to his room beeps and hisses open. Finn’s not supposed to be back until much, much later so, with a weary groan, Rey pushes herself up and casts an accusing glance toward the door. Finn waves a hand over his shoulder and the door slides shut behind him. “Oh. Hey, Rey! I wasn’t expecting you this early.” “I thought you weren’t coming back until much later,” she says, tipping her shoulders back and rolling out the kinks in her neck. “Otherwise, I would have just gone back to my room to nap.” Finn toes off his boots and leaves them by the door. He shrugs off his jacket and hangs it on a hook by the door of his ’fresher and comes over to join Rey on the bed. “You’re always welcome here, you know,” Finn says, folding his legs underneath him. He rests his hands in his lap. Rey can see a fresh cut on his palm and she reaches for his hand, running her fingers lightly over it. “What happened?” she asks, stroking his palm gently. “I was helping Poe with X-Wing maintenance and I slipped and ended up slicing my hand on a broken piece of glass,” Finn explains, as Rey fusses over his cut. “It’s fine. It wasn’t deep at all.” “So brave.” She teases, swatting him gently on the shoulder. “Why are you back so early?” “Well, I wanted to surprise you,” Finn says, pretending to sound put off. Rey presses a hand over her mouth to stifle her laugh. “Sorry. I can leave and come back, if it’ll make you feel better,” she says. “Nah. I’ve got you here, might as well keep you.” Finn kisses her quickly on the temple. “Anyway, there’s at least one surprise that hasn’t gotten spoiled yet—” A series of high-pitched, rather irritated beeps, sound just beyond Finn’s door, cutting him off mid-sentence. Finn motions with his hand and the door slides open to reveal BB-8, a desert flower held delicately in its pincers. “BB-8!” Rey jumps up to greet the droid, who chirps excitedly at her and thrusts the desert flower at her hands. “Finn sent for you, did he? What else has he got planned?” BB-8 rolls back and shakes its circular dome at her. [IT IS A SECRET!] “How are you two keeping secrets from me? Finn doesn't even speak Binary,” Rey says, tucking the desert flower behind her ear and turning to glance over at Finn. Finn just shrugs. “If I explained everything I’ve got planned tonight, it wouldn’t be a surprise,” he says, with a grin. “Would it?” “I suppose not.” Rey pats BB-8 on its dome and it bumps up against her leg appreciatively. “BB-8, set the mood. I’m gonna go get that thing we talked about,” Finn says, pointing finger blasters at the droid before heading into the ’fresher. Rey looks down at BB-8. One of its compartment opens and it extends a robotic arm toward Rey. When she bends down and looks closer, she realizes BB-8 is holding out a little holoplayer. “What’s this for, BB?” she asks, running her fingers over the shiny metallic disc. [MUSIC,] comes the answer. BB-8 nudges the disc into Rey’s hand. “Music? What for?” Rey asks, turning the disc over in her hand. “For this.” Finn emerges from the ’fresher in a fresh change of clothes—a clean, pressed black shirt and dark trousers with gold piping—and when he holds his arms out to Rey, she realizes he’s brought her a change of clothes as well. Rey takes the garment from Finn and holds it up against her chest. It’s a sleeveless white gown in a style Rey’s never seen before. It looks old; in fact, it’s probably older than Rey is. She spins, the soft material of the skirt swirling against her legs. “Where did you get this? It’s lovely,” she says, running her hands over the silky material. “General Organa gave it to me,” Finn says. “When I told her about our date night, she said she had just the thing for you—” “You told General Organa? And she gave you one of her own gowns?” Rey presses her face against the smooth, cool material of the dress and breathes in. She smells the scent of flowers and perfume, and something faintly musty. General Organa must not have worn this dress in a very long time. “Yeah! She said, ‘someone’s gotta have some fun around here,’ ” Finn rasps, imitating the general’s gravelly, brusque, no-nonsense tone to perfection. Rey laughs and slings the dress over her shoulder. “Where are we going?” she asks. “That’s part of the surprise. Go on, get dressed.” Finn leans in, presses a gentle kiss against Rey’s lips, and she hurries off to the ’fresher to change. Before Finn, she hadn’t been out on many—any—dates. That’s not to say she hadn’t had her share of suitors, they just didn’t put much stock in the idea of courting or dating on Jakku. Not like Finn does. It’s nice to know that she matters to someone. Rey quickly peels off her shirt and pants and steps into the gown. The material feels thin and fragile, as if any sudden movements will cause it to fall apart. General Organa is a fair bit shorter than Rey as well, so the gown only comes to her shins, stretches tight across her chest, and doesn’t quite close in back so she has to use pins to hold it together. When she tries to twirl and lift her arms over her head, like a dancer, the straps dig into her shoulders, but everything about it is perfect. Rey examines herself in the mirror and twirls, and the skirts swish and swirl around her. When she steps out of the ’fresher, Finn is waiting for her. He’s put on a dark navy jacket and Rey can’t help but smile. Finn looks like the old holoimages she’s seen of Han Solo, from the Yavin celebrations, dressed in his best vest and pants. And Rey feels like Princess Leia in her white gown, her hair braided and coiled and piled high atop her head like a crown. “Shall we?” Finn holds an arm out to her. Rey links her arm with Finn’s and beams at him. “We shall.” *** Someone has cleared out the mess hall and set up a lone table with candles and a vase of deep purple desert flowers. Rey drops Finn’s hand and runs over to touch their soft, velvety petals. They smell like the desert that raised her, and it’s oddly comforting. She’d never dream of going back to Jakku, but the miserable dustball was her home for most of her life. “You did all this?” Rey asks, turning to cast Finn a look over her shoulder. Finn grins widely at her, clearly proud, squaring his shoulders and pushing his chest out. “Poe helped a little bit. He and Snap picked up the desert flowers. And Pava helped me pick out the menu.” Rey plucks one of the desert flowers from the vase and tucks it behind her ear. It smells, strangely enough, like home. When she was living there, Rey never considered Jakku her home. Home was wherever her family was and Jakku was merely just a stopping point on her journey back to them. Now, smells of the desert remind her of Finn. The sharp, crisp fragrance of the flowers reminds her of the life she’d forged for herself from a hollowed out AT-AT and scavenged parts. It reminds her of oppressive heat and gritty sand. It reminds her of their first meeting. Rey plucks another flower free and approaches Finn. “Here,” she says, motioning for him to come close. Finn does, and Rey slides the flower into the lapel of his beat up jacket. The leather is cracked and worn, and there’s a long, poorly-sewn gash in the back, but she’s glad to see Finn wearing it again. Like the desert flowers, the jacket reminds her of that fateful day the Force brought them together. If not for the jacket, maybe they never would have met. Maybe the Order would have captured him and— Rey forces that unpleasant thought out of her mind. “I’m starving. Let’s eat,” she says, slipping her hands from the jacket to twine her fingers with Finn’s. Finn’s already pretty wide grin somehow gets even bigger, and Rey feels like she’s being enveloped by the sun. The radiant, golden warmth in Finn pulses in time to his heartbeat as he leans in and gently slides his lips against hers. Rey lets go of one of his hands to cup the back of his neck, pulling him against her chest. She can feel his heartbeat thumping alongside her own. When they finally separate, hands still locked together, breaths coming in excited little bursts, Rey can’t help but laugh. The flower in his lapel droops, its petals crushed, and Rey reaches out with her mind, caressing them. “I think I like that a lot more than eating.” Finn runs his tongue over the swell of his bottom lip. Rey can see the makings of a smile at the corners of his mouth. “I don’t suppose the food is going anywhere,” Rey allows. “It’s probably not gonna walk off if we get a little, uh, preoccupied.” Finn takes a tentative step closer, rubbing his palms nervously on his thighs. “Of course not.” Rey throws herself into his arms and Finn catches her around the waist, pressing a kiss against the line of her neck. The faint dusting of stubble on his cheek scratches pleasantly and a shiver rolls down her spine. Suddenly, as much as she loves this dress, Rey is eager to be free of it. Finn can sense what’s on her mind and they move in concert, past the table of uneaten food, for the door. Rey catches a glimpse of some of the Dandoranian delicacies Finn and Jessika Pava had prepared for the two of them and fights back a sharp prick of guilt at the wastefulness. It’s not wasteful , she reminds herself, as Finn laces their fingers together, some things just take priority. Some people take priority. If the food’s not still there when they come back, Rey hopes whoever took off with it enjoys it.