Setting the stage Rey Kenobi struggled to pull open the door with one hand, fighting against the strong autumn wind. As she finally crossed the threshold into the tattoo parlor, the bell on top of the door frantically rang which resulted in two cats streaking through the room towards Rey. She chuckled as she knelt down, reaching her hand out to pet Jakku and BB-8. Standing up and reaching over to the wall to flick on the lights, Rey swore the next time they got a cat, she was going to name it. She set the coffees down on the front desk and threw her leather jacket on the rack by the door. Picking up the schedule book from the desk, Rey stuffed the donut in her mouth and walked through the parlor, switching on the rest of the lights and sipping her tea as she read through today’s appointments. Jakku circled her feet, nudging against her legs and trying to get her attention. BB-8 was no doubt sitting on the front desk waiting for Poe to show up. Moments later, Rey heard the bell ring and a grunt of a greeting. Smiling, she poked her head around the corner to see her boys shuffling in. “Coffee’s on the counter,” she called out, just a bit louder than was necessary. She knew both had to have a hell of a hangover after last night. Luckily she had been with them and, as the designated driver, got them home safely. Both men winced and silently grabbed their drinks. Finn let out a soft thanks before he sat down behind his desk and dove into the paperwork for the day. Poe, on the other hand, drifted off towards his station to get everything set up. Rey and Poe were very similar in most things, including their obsession with everything being orderly and in its place. However, where Rey would put everything back, Poe would put everything back, check it once again, and then check again the next day just to be sure. Rey chuckled to herself and set off back towards her office, flipping through the schedule once again and eating the last of the donut. As she turned on the lights to her office, Rey subconsciously glanced over at wall that she shared with the music store, The Millennium Falcon . She drummed the tips of her fingers against the spot where she knew the piano was, a habit she had gotten into around the same time the pianist and her began their routine of music. Throwing the schedule down on her desk, Rey booted up her computer hoping to get some filing done before her first appointment. xXxXx Ben Solo shuffled up to the door of his music shop, scarf wrapped tightly around his neck and coffee held between both hands as he tried desperately to glean some warmth from his drink. He raised a single hand in greeting to the curly haired tattoo artist next door as he turned on their neon sign out front. Ben had known Dameron since they were children, but they hadn’t really spoken in years. As he turned the key in the door and it swung open, a cold, clipped voice that reminded him of the autumn air sounded behind him. “Good morning, Solo.” Ben sighed deeply and turned to greet his business partner. “Morning, Hux.” Ben worked with Brendol Hux merely out of desperation for a more business type personality. He had needed someone who had no qualms asking people for money and ordering around the interns. Hux was much better than Ben when it came to dealing with higher-ups. Ben prefered to just sit at his instruments and play and teach others how to. Entering the building, Ben was greeted with the familiar and comforting smell of the oil used on the piano wires. Hux laid his bag and coat on the counter as he began switching on lights and speaking to Ben. “We have music shipments coming in today. I believe it’s four crates, but it may be five. Two are all the classics, your Beethoven and your Bach and probably some Mozart. One is a lot of beginners books. Watered down versions of Disney songs and Somewhere Over the Rainbow and the like. And the last one, or two, are our requested books. Mostly pop songs and lots of The Beatles.” Hux turned to Ben. “At least a quarter of that crate is filled with different level books of that horrendous children’s movie that came out recently.” Ben raised an eyebrow. “That doesn’t narrow it down. Hux rolled his eyes. “The one with the sisters and Idina Menzel.” Ben let out a snort of laughter at that and began walking back towards his office. “ Frozen , Hux. It’s called Frozen .” Hux’s voice drifted back to Ben as he continued walking. “Ah, yes. Frozen .” Hux filled the two syllable title with more loathing than Ben would have thought possible. “If I have to hear one more butchered piano rendition of Let it Go , I may shoot myself. Or the player. Whichever is more convenient at the time.” Ben chuckled as he entered his office, flicking on the lights. He threw his scarf and coat onto the rack in the corner and set his bag down by his desk, turning on his computer. He sat down at his small upright that was across the room from his desk. While staring at the spot on the wall above his piano, he idly cracked his knuckles and tried to think of a song to play. Ben glanced down at his watch; It was 8:20. Undoubtedly his neighbor had been in her shop for at least an hour, early riser that she was. There was never a day Ben came into work that her vintage bike wasn’t already chained up outside the tattoo parlor. As more of a night owl, Ben envied her ability to wake up so early in the morning. A smile graced his lips, and Ben hoped the tattoo artist was in her office as he began the introduction to Tchaikovsky’s Swan Lake Theme . At around 8:30 every morning, Ben played a song before the two of them really began their work days. It was one of their many traditions. He could only wonder how many more they would have if they ever met face to face. Or learned each other’s names. But the closest Ben had ever come to her was when the tattoo parlor’s mail got mixed in with theirs, and he saw her working when he handed Finn the mail. As the music picked up tempo, and his fingers danced across the keys of his beat up Kimble, Ben silently prayed to the powers that be that one day he might meet the young tattoo artist with violet hair, the vintage bike, and a penchant for grandpa cardigans. xXxXx Rey heard Poe calling her name and was just about to leave her paperwork and go to the front of the shop when a soft piano melody came drifting through the wall to her right. Closing her eyes, she sighed and sat for a few moments just enjoying his music. Though she no training musically, Rey was certain her neighbor was incredibly talented. She didn’t think it took an expert to know that. If she couldn’t hear the keys clacking from where the piano leaned against the wall, Rey would’ve thought her neighbor played recordings all the time. Standing up, she went over to the wall and leaned her forehead against it. The piano continued to play it’s quiet melody for a few more moments before the chords became softer and softer until Rey thought she only imagined the resolving note at the end. Knowing that this was the end of the song, Rey tapped out a series of five knocks. Less than a second passed before four knocks were given as a response. Rey smiled, her palm still pressed against the wall before pulling it away and leaving her office. Rey had yet to meet her reclusive neighbor. She had seen him once or twice when he brought their mail to Finn. He was tall, with dark waves and intoxicatingly brown eyes. He had a large nose, ears that were reminiscent of that Disney elephant, and many freckles scattered across his face. All of these things may have been unwelcome to others, but Rey thought they made him handsome in an unusual sort of way. All she knew about him was that she had never felt more connected to someone without ever speaking to them. A few nights previously he had played a soft waltz in the morning and then some angry Russian dance that night, and Rey had seriously considered leaving her work, locking up the shop and going over to the Millennium Falcon to comfort him. But she knew that was impractical. So Rey went through the rest of her day creating permanent art on strangers’ skin and only thinking of her pianist neighbor when her thoughts wandered and her eyes drifted to the west wall of the shop. Chapter 2 : The "meet-cute" Summary: All romances need a "meet-cute", and this is ours. Rey frantically piled her hair on top of her head and snapped a hair tie around it as she chained up her bike in front of the parlor. She glanced down at the watch that used to belong to her grandmother. 8:15. Under her breath, Rey let out a string of curses that would have made a sailor blush. Running late was strictly against everything she valued. Everyday, Rey got her tea and muffin from across the street and got to the parlor at about 7:30, so she would have more than an hour to do paperwork and filing before the shop opened. Checking to make sure there were no cars, Rey sprinted across the road. She rifled through her purse, searching for her wallet, as she pushed the cafe’s door open. The platinum blonde behind the counter looked up as Rey raced through the door. Gretta Phasma smiled as she turned from the tall, dark-haired man she was talking to and held out the artist’s order. “Running a little late, are we?” the shop-owner asked while Rey searched for her card. Finding it, she quickly handed it over, paying no mind to the man staring at her. “The power must’ve gone out sometime last night,” she explained. “My alarm didn’t go off and all my clocks were wrong.” Scribbling out her signature on the slip of paper Gretta handed her, Rey snatched up her tea and muffin and spun around to leave. Except, she terribly misjudged where the man behind her was standing and plowed straight into his chest, knocking his drink out of his hand and spilling it all over his shirt. “Shit,” Rey exclaimed. Setting her breakfast on the counter, she hurried to grab napkins and began dabbing at the man’s shirt before realizing how incredibly awkward that was. “I’m so sorry.” To Rey’s surprise, the tall man chuckled. Instantly, she stopped trying to clean the man’s shirt and really looked at him for the first time. Dark eyes the same color as the black coffee he had been drinking met her hazel ones, and Rey realized that she had just spilled coffee on her piano-playing neighbor. “Shit.” The man chuckled again, and this time, Rey glared at him. “Quit that.” “Quit what?” Her neighbor spoke in a low baritone that sounded exactly like she had imagined, though she would never admit she had imagined what his voice sounded like. “Quit laughing at me,” Rey burst out. “I spilled coffee on you, and now I’m trying to clean it up. There’s nothing funny about that.” “Yes, there is.” “What would that be?” “You.” Rey stopped. There was playful glint in the musician's eyes, but the young tattoo artist was in no mood to be teased today. The machines behind Gretta hissed and popped, silverware clanked against dishes, and customers sat at their tables having conversations. But the trio standing by the counter was silent. Rey turned around, grabbed her food and smiled at the young man. “It’s been a pleasure. Truly.” Taking a drink of the now cooled tea, she headed for the door. The brisk autumn air nipped at Rey’s face as she left the shop. This morning had been nothing like she expected. Nor had her neighbor. Rey had imagined many different ways of meeting the man, but the idea that she might spill coffee on him and then have him mock her for trying to help had not even crossed her mind. No sooner had she gone to cross the road then a large hand was on her arm, holding her back. Rey spun around, biting words already on her tongue, but the man with the dark waves and coffee eyes spoke before she could. “I’m sorry, alright.” Rey opened her mouth, but he continued. “It wasn’t kind of me to laugh at you. You’re obviously having a bad day. It’s just… it was incredibly cute.” Rey’s cheeks flushed, not from embarrassment but from anger. “Cute?” she asked, incredulously. “Yeah, cute. You were all flustered, and cheeks were red, and it was… cute.” Rey stared up at this man, her brows furrowed. She desperately wanted to be mad at him because it would make things so much easier. But the truth was, she was somewhat flattered in some strange, twisted way, and her stomach flipped. He had called her cute. Shoving that thought down, Rey glanced at her watch. 8:24. She really needed to get to the shop to get everything ready. Straightening her back, she looked her neighbor in the eyes. “Alright, fine. Let’s call it even. I spilled coffee on you. You laughed at me. Done.” She spun on her heel, ready to cross the street, but his low voice stopped her. “That’s it?” Rey turned back around, eyes him carefully. “What else is there?” His hands were now shoved into his pockets and his shoulders hunched. There were dark stains on the front of his shirt from the coffee. “We could have dinner.” “Dinner?” “Yeah, dinner.” “Why?” “I could show you I wasn’t trying to be rude when I laughed. You’re a nice girl, and I don’t want you thinking bad of me.” “Yeah, right, like I’m gonna go to dinner with you.” Rey turned her back to him, crossing the road to her shop, her neighbor following closely behind. When she reached the door to the tattoo parlor, she saw Finn eyeing her and the tall man suspiciously. Taking a deep breath, she faced the man. “Here’s the deal,” she began. “We’ll have lunch tomorrow, at the First Order. I’ll buy to make up for your coffee, and it will not last more than an hour. Satisfied?” The man smiled. “Quite,” he said. “I look forward to it.” Rey nodded. “Good then.” She walked to the door of her shop but stopped with her hand on the doorknob when he spoke again from behind her. “Hey.” She sighed as she turned around. When she turned around, the pianist was grinning at her. “My name’s Ben, by the way. Ben Solo.” “Rey,” she said tersely. “Rey Kenobi.” With that, she hurried into her shop, hanging her jacket on the coat rack. She grabbed the stack of mail on the counter, while Finn looked at her. “What was that all about?” “It’s nothing,” Rey stated flippantly. Her dismissiveness earned a raised eyebrow from Finn. “Nothing, huh?” “Nothing.” Rey ran her fingers through her hair and straightened her back. She glanced at her watch. 8:29. She really needed to get to her office and finish some paperwork. “Honestly, Finn. It’s not a big deal, and it’ll be done with tomorrow.” Stuffing the requests for appointments in Finn’s folder and grabbing the bills, Rey took a large gulp of tea as she walked towards her office. Poe yelled from across the parlor, “Don’t forget you’ve got that arm sleeve coming in at 9:15, kid.” Rey waved at him, acknowledging his words, but continued on to her office. Sighing loudly and collapsing into her chair, Rey set her chin in her hands. As she went over the events of the morning, the young artist laughed to herself. I cannot believe I agreed to go on a date with him. Though she saw mostly mortified, a small part of her was filled with thrill at the opportunity to get to know her neighbor. “Ben,” Rey whispered to herself. She sat up straighter and mocked, “Ben Solo.” She chuckled to herself, but quickly stopped when she heard the familiar clack of keys on the other side of the wall. Her eyebrows furrowed; the chords were recognizable, as was the floating piano part above them, but Rey couldn’t place the melody. Pressing her ear against the wall to try and discern the song, a soft, baritone hum reached her ears. She gets too hungry for dinner at eight. Jaw dropping, Rey glanced incredulously at the wall. She loves the theater but never comes late. “Are you serious?” Rey whispered to herself. She’d never bother with people she hates. Rey slapped the palm of her hand against the wall, but the next line of the song still came, the voice filled with amusement. That’s why the lady is a tramp. Quickly pushing herself off the wall, Rey sat down at her desk and booted up her computer, while grabbing files from the stack on the corner of her desk. The song continued until its conclusion about a minutes later. After some filing, Rey decided that was enough and got up to leave. As she was about the cross the threshold, four hesitant knocks were rapped out on the other side of the wall. Never one to truly hold a grudge, Rey sighed resignedly and walked over to the wall. She waited a few moments, just to mess with Ben, but after what she considered an appropriate time, she knocked back. xXxXx Ben’s forehead was pressed against his piano and his eyes were closed. He had accepted the fact that the tattoo artist didn’t like him. He hoped he would be able to fix things tomorrow. He hadn’t meant anything bad when he had laughed at her, but he couldn’t stop himself. She was late to being early, and she’d looked like her world was falling apart. Rey , he thought to himself. Rey Kenobi . The name fitted her. He’d never met another girl named Rey, which made sense since he was unlikely to meet another girl like Rey. He sighed and sat up. Ben stood, realizing he wasn’t going to get a response. He turned to the door, but stopped when he heard five soft knocks. Smiling to himself, the pianist left his office. When he came into the shop, Hux was standing at a piano and plucking the strings. “Good morning, Hux,” Ben called. Hux turned to him, raising a questioning eyebrow. “You are in an… unusually friendly mood, Solo.” Ben grinned. “I suppose so.” He glanced down at the piano. “Something wrong with this one?” Hux shook his head. “No,” he said. “I just think we should get someone in to tune them in the near future. Preferably before Black Friday. We want people to be able to try them out, and it would be best if they were all in tune.” “Yeah, that’s not a bad idea,” Ben agreed. Hux raised his eyebrow once again. “What?” Ben queried. His business partner continued walking towards the front desk. “You just don’t usually agree right away.” Hux quickly raised a hand. “Don’t think I’m complaining, because I’m most certainly not. Just a little taken aback is all.” Ben chuckled. “Whatever, Hux. Try to get a rise out of me all you want, it’s not going to happen.” “From what it seemed like earlier, I would’ve thought you’d be in a bad mood today.” “Why is that?” “Solo, you were covered in coffee when you came into the shop this morning.” “Well, yes. But a cute girl spilled it on me, so it doesn’t really matter all that much.” Hux stopped what he was doing and looked up at Ben. “A cute girl?” Ben nodded slightly. “This wouldn’t be the same girl that works next door is it? The Kenobi.” “Oh, please,” Ben interrupted, but Hux pressed on. “I’m not kidding, Ben.” The man looked at his business partner. Hux never called him Ben. “Be careful that your personal interest does not interfere with your ability to do your job to the best of your capabilities.” Ben glared at his friend. “Don’t be ridiculous, Hux,” he scoffed, before stalking away back to his office. Hux visibly flinched when the door slammed shut. He glanced back to be certain Ben was in his office before leaving the store and making his way across the street to Phasma’s cafe. Gretta smiled as soon as Hux entered the shop. “What can I get you, Bren?” “Nothing right now, Gretta, please.” “Is something wrong?” Gretta asked, seeing the look on Hux’s face. “I don’t think so.” Hux stared out the cafe windows and into the tattoo parlor. A small girl with bright, violet curls leaned against the front counter, chatting with the receptionist. “Not yet, at least.” The man turned back to his best friend. “But I’m afraid we might.”