Bound Ben Solo never told anyone. Surely people knew… or at least suspected. Either way, it was impossible not to notice how the two of them moved around each other like satellites, how somehow they always stayed connected. He could be in a completely different sector, even on the other side of a system, and he would still always know and feel Rey. Even if he didn’t reach out for her, she was still there, shining at the back of his mind. That alone often kept Ben from going insane with worry or doubt. Because even though they were bound to stay apart for most of the time, he could always comfort himself with the knowledge that she was still out there. The force bond they shared offered him enough to hold on to without falling into darkness again. In front of the dark knight laid four small pills. They were his second aid for sanity. Sometimes (often) he would catch his mother give him a look of sorrow, pity, disappointment whenever she saw him tremble for the small box of pills the Rebellion droid had supplied him with. It had taken him some yelling and big hand gestures to make the docs on the base to allow him to carry the pills with him everyday instead of getting them at the medbay like all the rest, but seeing it that once Snoke tried to attack his thoughts and heart it was little to no time to go to the medbay, Ben was offered a small container for his pills. Ben hated the pills, they made him numb and much to his confusion people started smiling at him whenever he felt the buzz of them, but they were enough to keep the demons at bay. He never told anyone about the force bond, or how that golden thread, that shining beam resting between his creased eyebrows were one of the few reasons he was still standing this day. No, Ben never told anyone about the force bond. Not even Rey herself. Ben had known about the force bond from the moment he saw her. He had read about the ancient phenomenon in the old Jedi archives, stories about a Force chain linking two sensitives together, but that it was also such a sporadic incidence that there were barely any records on it. In fact, it was considered a myth rather than truth. One holobook in particular warned that long periods apart once bonded was considered to be extremely dangerous. He knew all about that. Technically he was the living proof. With Rey being part of the Rebellions number one taskforce along with Finn and Poe Dameron, Rey was rarely close to home and safety. Sometimes it could go weeks, months before Ben would as much as hear her name in one of the reports. Stars it hurt not being with her. Consequently, knowing that this pain would soon come to an end – Ben’s heart swelled. It filled with warmth, longing, anticipation and excitement. It filled with pain, restlessness, anxiousness and fear. Because the day when Rey was going to disappear and simply vanish into thin air right in front of the Rebellion task force and thrown 15 years back in time was closing in. And even though that meant that Rey soon was going to spend time in company of an 18-year-old version of himself, Ben ached. “It’s only, what, 9 months. You’ll be fine,” Poe patted Ben’s shoulder. The Jedi huffed. Somehow, in a few days, Rey would travel back in time. And although he had had 15 years to figure out how, he still hadn’t come up with an explanation to how. “9 months and 8 days,” he corrected Poe in a low mutter before shoving some carrots down his throat. They were sitting in the mess hall and Ben had been playing around with his yellow rice for a good 10 minutes before the fighter pilot had broken the sulking silence. And although Poe usually was right about things – he had no clue. “Oh come on, get a grip. Stay busy until she gets back,” Poe offered. “Besides, you won’t be completely alone. We’ll still be here, and I’ll play extra nice to you now considering Rey won’t be around with her fingerpointing and all that.” Ben shook his head. “We should warn her.” For once, the silly smile that usually pulled on the pilots lips faltered and he fell into a serious glare. “You know we can’t. We have to leave her alone or she might not be as she is intended. I know that, you know that,” he said, repeating the rule that the two of them had lived under the last 15 years. Poe had had to repeat them to Ben more than 50 times, but he didn’t mind taking the role of the voice of reason. Ben leaned back into his chair, arms crossed over his chest. “15 years is a lot,” he said, his voice distant. “That’s 15 years of pretending, Poe. 15 years of not… It’s 15 years of loving someone who doesn’t even know we’re one. She doesn’t remember how much I… how hard it is to… kriff.” “You’re not the only one who knew her, buddy,” Poe sighed. “And she doesn't remember because she hasn't been there yet.” Ben knew Poe was right but right now the aching sensation in his chest that he had been feeling for the past 15 years was becoming more painful than he ever thought possible, there was also the realization that there would still be another nine months until she would return. Nine more months till she would hopefully return to them both with full recollection of whom they were to her and who she was to them. “I’m scared,” he admitted after a long silence. “Of what?” “Scared she’ll change her mind once she returns.” “Three days!” Poe called out once Ben came back from his guided meditation with Luke. “I’ve been looking all over for you by the way.” The Jedi shrugged, pulling off his coat before he methodically started to fold the worn fabric. “I was at Luke’s.” “Oh, I forgot about that. It’s a lot going on these days,” Poe nodded. “But like I said, it’s only three days left!” Poe’s excitement was apparent it was like watching a small child seeing the sun for the first time. “Just be happy your younger self is going to make a very good impression on the young Jedi very soon, and I should know you forgot your neighbors most nights," he waggled his eyebrows at the man in front of him who couldn't help his own smugness. “That’s private,” Ben chuckled. "Still the best?" Poe asked. "By far," he replied, eyebrows knitting together at the thoughts that ran through his head. "Calm down there pal. You can't honestly tell me that after 15 she is still by far the best?" Poe’s curiosity getting the better of him, the two of them always shared information about their partners, there was nothing to hide between the two of them, however the only one never discussed completely was one Rey until now. Fully blaming it on the his pent up frustration and panic over the knowledge of Rey’s future leave Ben was suddenly in the mood to share, the fact knowing that his younger self in a matter of months would be tasting, touching that glowing Jedi he was Force bonded with. It was enough to make his blood boil with lust. He couldn't wait for her to return and hoped with every cell of him she still wanted him so that he could march her straight upstairs to his room and show her just how much he missed her. Halfway through a blushing story and nervous nail biting, Ben was interrupted with the door to the small apartment swinging open, and Poe was left with his mouth wide-open, eyes big and filled with focus. Ben, stuck in a nervous state of having the girl he was just talking about storming into the room, was left mute and paralyzed. Poe, however, was quick to welcome her. “And here’s my favorite Jedi of all time.” “There’s literally just four of us.” Rey rolled her eyes as she dumped a backpack off her shoulder, falling with a heavy thunk to the floor. “What do you want?” she asked before somehow locating a water bottle, downing half of in record time. The sight of it made Ben restrict his attention to his hands. “Now I’m hurt.” “Not as hurt as you’ll be when Finn decides to lock his door once he realize you’re more than 10 minutes late to your thing,” Rey added with a smug smile, her smile growing into a full grin once the pilot jumped up from his lazy seat, cursing under his breath as he rushed out the door like a cartoon. Once the door slammed shut again, Rey turned to the other Jedi in the room. “Hi.” A simple hi was enough for Rey to move towards the couch where Ben was seated, easily nestling close to him. “Hey,” she sighed, adjusting her head to rest against his shoulder. “My day was shit. Admiral Statura made me write a mission report.” One of Rey’s tiny, aimless hands fell dangerously close to Ben’s, and before he could move or think otherwise, Rey’s finger grasped around his own. The bond hummed, and before he could stop it, Ben sent a reassuring tranquility over her, hoping to offer something steady for her to hold on to. He wasn’t able to catch it, but he felt how she smiled. She didn’t have to say anything for him to know that she was confused. She was confused how Ben was able to push this pool of calm over her, like he had done many times before. She knew there was something there, she knew about the bond – she just didn’t know how to describe it. She wanted to ask him. He knew because she was basically yelling it every time something like this happened. When they were this close. But she didn’t. “How was your day?” she asked instead. For a moment, Ben considered telling her. Telling her everything – the truth. He wanted to tell her before she disappeared. Or at least tell her about the bond. Or maybe something just as simple as how much she meant. Or how much he would miss her. But he couldn’t. So he just breathed her in, he breathed this moment in and squeezed her hand. “Better now.” Chapter 2 : Travel Rey woke up before the sun that day, for once filled with enthusiasm for her final mission for this operation. After that she had been promised a period of traveling, which meant no running, no management, no risk just dull and normal, and it sounded like heaven. The only thing that she would be missing was Ben. Her cheeks blushed at even admitting that fact, but it was true. Spending the past few months in his constant company was bliss, the conversations they would have spending hours into the night in the Archives arguing and debating over a number of topics. Not to mention, the glorious sight of seeing him walk around in nothing but his shorts. His body long, lean and pure muscle, his scars making him even more beautiful to her, his arms looked like they could just pin her effortlessly up against the wall or throw her down on to the bed. Yes one Rey had it bad for the Jedi and what she was finding the most frustrating is that the damn man could only see a scavenger, not the Jedi she had now become. The one thing she was going to miss the most about him was the days he stumbled on his reality, when the darkness was closes to the surface, the only time she could get really close without it being questioned. For some unknown explanation whenever Snoke tried to torture his mind, agitating Ben for hours on end, he could always seek out comfort in her. At first Ben had apologized abundantly when he had realized he had fallen asleep to her stroking his hair, his head on her lap. When Leia along with Poe had realized that Snoke hadn’t given up on his apprentice and that Rey was one of the reasons Ben remained in control, Leia had asked her brother why. Then the following morning, when Ben had said his nightmares hadn't been anywhere near as painful, Poe once again mentioned, that it could be because he was content after Rey's attention. It was then agreed that it was in his best interest that he shouldn't fight the darkness and Snoke on these days and allow him to seek the comfort he apparently wanted, since then Snoke’s attacks had been more or less painless. Rey of course had no complaints about this, having Ben fall asleep in her lap, or hearing the Jedi whimper for her attention was bliss. If only it was the man who wanted her attention as much. Yes that was one thing she would certainly be missing she thought as she made her way down to breakfast in her leggings and borrowed (stolen) t-shirt. She walked into the kitchen without any thought to the oversized t-shirt and leggings, Ben’s breath hitched in his throat and the darkness growling lowly, reminding him every time just how amazing those long slender legs felt wrapped around him. "Solo," said Poe with an amused smirk, causing Ben to look down in embarrassment at his breakfast. "Goodmorning," Rey said trying to ignore the effects that the growl had on her. She had never heard him growl like that at her before, whimper and whine when the monster wanted attention but never growl and it was certainly doing something for her. Poe smirked. "Hi Sunshine." Ben couldn't help another low growl much to Poe’s amusement. "Kylo, would you please stop growling?" her firm voice said from the other side of the kitchen resulting in an apologetic whimper from the Jedi as she addressed him. "So sorry Rey," Ben looked up at her with remorseful eyes, as much as he liked the attention he received from her on these days in particular, he was always embarrassed by how much control he would allow the darkness to have. "It’s okay," she said taking a seat next to him and running her fingers through his hair in comfort and was greeted with a smile. Ben sat there in dread thinking about how this would be his last real moment with little discomfort. Knowing full well that not having his equal near Snoke’s poisonous attacks would be nearly impossible to stop without her, he let out another whimper. "What's up with you today?" Rey asked trying her best to calm down the Jedi running her fingers again through his hair feeling him shift between pain and comfort in a rapid succession. "Nothing, sorry. I’m just anxious for some reason," Ben answered trying his best to gain control. "It's probably because he's going to miss Sunshine here, pining already," both Ben and Rey's cheeks were graced with a stunning shade of blush once again to the enjoyment of Poe. Rey’s eyebrows knitted together. "Is he going to be ok?" Bless this sweet girl thought Ben. He loved how she cared about his dark side, never once passing judgment or being repulsed. Just accepting despite how much he hated himself, knowing the damage he could cause. "I’ll be fine," he answered his brown eyes staring into hers before they once again and another whimper escapes his lips. "I’m so sorry Ben. I’ll miss you too." "Right see you on the other side," Poe shouted over his shoulder, running over towards his x-wing, shortly followed by bb-8. Rey would’ve done the same thing – normally going for the Millenium Falcon, but seeing it as Chewie was still working on the repairs, this time she had to take a backseat in one of the supply shuttles. "After you," gestured Ben to Rey, knowing full well that this was the moment where she would somehow be transported back to when he was foolish, lost and 18. He and Poe and thought it best that he would hang back a little with Rey, so that when the team landed and she wasn't there, he would be able to tell Finn that she bumped into an old friend and would meet up later. Hopefully the young Jedi wouldn't question it too much. He stood back and watched her wave over her shoulder, a soft smile lingering before she picked up her pace and sprinted over to the ship waiting for her. Once she boarded, the ship lifted, soon enough disappearing in light speed. That was it, she had gone. Now the countdown had really begun. As Rey closed her eyes to the ship going through light speed something strange happened, she felt her skin tingle and the familiar sensation of practicing meditation with Luke before she arrived on the other side. It took a while to adjust to the blurry vision. She looked around quickly unsure of what had just happened with no sign of anyone. A ship filled with a sea of very unfamiliar faces, not one she recognized. Trying her best to stay calm she got up from her seat, wobbly legs carrying her forward. She would figure this whole thing out once she found someone, anyone that she knew. Rey walked along the spaceships narrow passageway towards a an empty seat, secluded from most of the other passengers on the ship. Something wasn't right and not knowing what it was, was very unnerving. She reached an empty corner of seats, quickly pushing forward so that she would get there before of anyone. She allowed herself one sigh of relief before she realized she wasn’t alone. There in front of her sitting next to a load of stacked boxes of what Rey could only guess was ammunition was a young man. He must have been the same age as her with pale white skin, eyes dark as night in contrast to his platinum blond hair. His gaze met hers and he quirked an eyebrow questioning her. "Can I help you?" he drawled. "Iuhmwhat?" Rey said in panic. "I’m Mark… and you are?" He looked just as confused as she must have been a moment ago. Rey sat there is utter silence unsure what she was meant to do. She had heard about him. She knew who he was – one of the Knights of Ren – and he surely wasn’t this young . He was at least 10 years older, and way more daunting than this awkward persona he was playing. It made no sense. She had no idea but the fact of the matter was she had. Wondering what she could do and who she could speak to was proving difficult, she had no idea who most people were and those that she did know had no idea who she was, then it came to her. "HAN!" Rey shouted making the young Mark opposite her jump. Han would still be alive she could talk to him. She twisted around, digging around for the holopad she had taken with her. As she twisted, Mark must’ve caught a glimpse of her lightsaber because suddenly he gasped. Before he could say anything though, Rey’s hand shot up, followed by a harsh shush. She really couldn’t have him question her in the middle of this havoc. She was the one who needed answers. And so, Mark sat silently across from her observing her erratic behavior as she began typing down something at a rapid pace. "Damn it," she cried when the holopad snapped black in the middle of her message. "Stanley, do you have a holopad I could borrow for a moment?" she asked, still not looking up from her own, as if staring at it might make it come alive again. “Ok...” He silently reached in to his bag and passed over a quill to the mad girl. "How do you know my name? I’m pretty sure we’ve never met before. Who are you?" Rey froze at his question, what should she say? What could she say? Just introduce yourself witch say no more and no less until you hear back or speak to Han. She put on her calmest voice trying to remain as composed as she could "Sorry, how rude of me. I'm Rey." She extended her hand out towards her future enemy who warily accepted and shook it in greeting. "Rey…" he said as though testing it out. "That may answer half of my questions, but it still doesn't answer the fact that you still seem to know me, yet I do not know you, girl with no surname." "Does it matter? And even if I could, I can’t right now because I don’t know." There was no point in lying, however she was unable to extend on the matter. Knowing how he appreciated privacy she was hoping that he would accept her answer. Rey sat for a moment trying her best not to fidget or over think, somehow here she was sitting in front of her future enemy at least 10 years back in the past, if not more -- how does one explain that to anyone? Unable to control her need to move she found herself pacing the small space of the seats, much to Mark’s annoyance who sat in quiet frustration, watching the crazed witch disturbing him before the journey had even started. "Will you please stop pacing? Or I’ll have to move." "Sorry I've just got a lot running through my mind at the moment." "So I’ve gathered." At his last statement Rey froze – not because of Mark, but because of the sudden presence in the ship. Although she was blocked by a wall of strangers, Rey felt the door slid open and how two very familiar looking men rushed in. For a split second Rey found herself almost breathing a sigh of relief looking at Ben until she realized it wasn’t her Ben. Neither was it Kylo Ren. As she scanned the faces of the group approaching she felt her stomach drop, there in front of her were to complete strangers. Ben Solo and Poe Dameron. "You've got to be kidding me," she whispered under her breath.