Tlulaxa Flesh Merchant "I promise you Hux- you're going to love this." Darcy hated that phrase. Dopheld used it at least once a week in an attempt to persuade Hux to do something he didn't want to waste time on. Most irritatingly he was usually right. He wouldn't be right this time though. Hux was absolutely determined that he wouldn't like this latest offering, because Dopheld and Phasma had decided they should all go out to see a belly dance performance. Hux hated belly dancing. Well at least he hated the kind of belly dancers that performed in pubs with names like The Hobgoblin. They'd be chubby office workers who practiced once a week and spent more money on costumes than classes. Hux hadn't spent a minimum of three hours a day training, every day since he was six years old, to consider that kind of performer to be a dancer. He knew he was just winding himself up for a snit. It was the way Dopheld had said it that had rubbed him up the wrong way. He'd used that lascivious tone of his. The one that let his native German accent slip through. The one that had absolutely no place coming out of a mouth that looks that innocent. It was the one he'd used that time he'd dragged Hux down the Reeperbahn. Then once he'd been absolutely certain of his colleague's orientation it had also been the one he'd used to get Hux out of his clothes. More than once. They hadn't worked out as a couple. Dopheld was the kind of power bottom that made Darcy's fingers itch to punish too harshly and push too far. But they'd remained friends. The kind of friends who still occasionally got nasty in the dressing rooms after a particularly good performance. Somewhere around the time Dopheld had started dating his street dancer, thus becoming technically unavailable, he decided that friends meant being personally responsible for finding Hux someone new to fuck. From the way he'd said "you're going to love this" he clearly imagined that he'd found Hux a new toy. If he honestly thought Hux was going to fall for anyone at a belly dance recital then he was quite frankly delusional. With his terrible mood following Hux like his own personal cloud he stomped through the doors of the Hobgoblin, dropped the cover charge into the ticket girls hand without a word and followed his friends towards the bar. Almost every eye was on them. And so they should be, they looked amazing. Tiny delicate Dopheld hanging off the muscular arm of the even shorter Finn; towering Phasma in ridiculous heels, all muscular thighs and bright red lips; and of course waifish ethereal Hux, his red hair an artful mess, his loose white shirt clinging just so, his leggings leaving nothing to the imagination. Yes, look ye mortals and despair, for you will nev... His train of thought and vanity was derailed when a great, hulking slab of muscle walked straight into him. Instinctively the man caught Hux by the waist to stop him from falling. They both gasped when they realised that the man's hands were large enough to fully encircle his waist. Licking his lips Hux allowed his eyes to move slowly up the broad chest wrapped in a too-small shirt, anticipating the moment when he looked into this stranger's eyes. Based on what he could see of his physique he'd be beautiful. Hux wouldn't even need to watch the performance, he could just drag this specimen into the men's room and ravish hi... Oh. His eyes had finished their journey and found a pale uneven face dotted with moles and framed by comically large ears. The man's hair was pulled back into a bun so inexpert it looked like it had been arranged using a hedge rather than a brush. Hux recoiled before his mind could register the lush expressive mouth or the glittering soulful eyes that filled with hurt. With a mumbled apology he broke away and dashed towards the bar, desperate for a drink and uncaring of where the other man went. Now he was irritated, disappointed AND sexually frustrated. This night was a disaster. It had barely even started yet and Hux already wanted to go home. His spirits rose slightly when a handsome man with perfect stubble and smouldering eyes waved to Finn from an empty table. Perhaps this was what Dopheld had been hinting at, maybe the night wasn't a complete disaster. Alas he was disappointed again when he finally turned from the bar, a glass of Perry in his hand to find that the stranger was now sitting in between Dopheld and his boyfriend. He was holding hands with both of them. Yes of course, just when Hux wasn't getting laid he was going to have to watch the beginnings of a ménage à trois. At least it'd be more visually please than whatever happened on the small stage at the rear of the pub. Settling in at the table he listened politely to the introductions. The newcomer was called Poe apparently, a composer by trade rather than a dancer like everyone else at the table. He seemed interested enough in everyone else's chosen school of dance, discussing the differences in writing music for each. Surprisingly he was familiar with the ballet company and had pleasant things to say about Darcy and Dopheld's most recent performance together. Hux would have loved to hear more praise for his performance but a sudden drop in the lighting indicated that the performance was about to start. The rest of the table fell silent and turned towards the stage in anticipation. Rolling his eyes, Hux did the same, raising his glass to his lips to hide what he expected to become a smirk of superiority. And froze. The music began as the sound of distant crowds screaming and chanting, overlaid with an odd mechanical groaning. A totally unexpected figure had appeared on the stage. For a start it was a man, bare chested and seemingly sculpted by some Renaissance master. Heavy black skirts were slung devillishly low about his hips. Standing stock still but for small subtle movements of his hands, gleaming bangles and body paint showed off the thickness of his biceps and the fluid grace of his wrists. Bizarrely there was a burnished bronze mask covering his face and a fringed scarf wrapped around his hair but somehow the inhuman mystery of it added to the performance. Gradually over a seemingly endless minute of slow small movements the dancer built towards a release of tension that gently transitioned in a coin rattling shimmy of hips that had no right being so flexible. The beat began and the dancer surged into life. As the strings built through the music he undulated around the stage, making a few square feet seem far larger as he dipped and swayed with the changing tempo. He rolled his hands and his whole body followed in a wave form that began at his feet and dragged upwards through crotch, abs, ribs and chest in a way that highlighted every individual muscle. And there were so many muscles. He was already glistening with sweat as the first song drew to a close. Hux went to lick his lips at the tantalising sight and realised the glass was still pressed against his mouth. Condensation gathered chill against his chin, a sharp contrast to the heat he felt building across his cheeks. Gulping back the tart bite of the pear cider he willed the drink to cool him even as the beginning of the next song sent his heart rate soaring. This time the dancer became more sinuous in his movement, spinning out low and wide, trailing fluttering skirts and strings of beads as the music slowed, then twitching his hips as the beat intensified. How could this creature of pure muscle move more lightly on his bare feet than Hux could manage in his pointe shoes. How could such thick, beautifully formed limbs still move with such fluidity, grace, and speed. The music was fascinating, an industrial mix of Middle Eastern traditions and odd vocals that had been distorted and edited to the point of incomprehension. It created the feeling of an alien yet human landscape, like one of those 1960s science fiction stories his father had always favoured. Desert nomads trapped on a planet ruled by titanic monsters and unending thirst. Yes, Hux could see this dancer transported to some darkened cantina hundreds of light years away, dancing for the pleasure of princes and smugglers alike. He was far too perfect for the mundanity of Camden Town on a Sunday night. Twenty five minutes was an eternity that lasted an instant. As the dancer folded up and vanished in a swirl of black skirts Hux felt like he was breathing for the first time in days. Three seats down Dopheld leaned forward and said, "so Hux, what did you think?" with a lewd grin. The look Darcy shot him might have frozen the blood in Dopheld's veins if his face hadn't been trying to colour match with the red of his hair. Throwing back the last of his drink Hux stood up and walked away without a word. He hated it when Dopheld was right. He stood in the street for a while, chain smoking menthols and considering going back inside. He could just see the rest of them through the pub windows. Mitaka seemed to be plying his two paramours with shots whilst Phasma had found one of her modern dance colleagues and had installed the smaller woman on her knee. That settled it. After a sublime experience like that, Hux couldn't bring himself to become immersed in the mundane again so soon. Or, though he'd never admit it to himself, being the only single person at the table would be unbearable. In another addition to the seemingly endless list of things he hated- he'd also just missed his train. Waiting on Tube platforms was one of his least favourite occupations when he was alone. He knew that despite his height he looked like an easy target with his delicate limbs. Watching each newcomer to the platform he turned his switchblade in his pocket reminding himself that he did know how to use it. Someone dropped a holdall by his feet causing him to jump a little more than he might have liked. Glancing across he realised it was the disappointing muscle from the pub, now looking significantly more dishevelled. Six minutes until the next train. Awkward. The man gave him a small timid smile before turning to stare politely forward at the various posters on the opposite side of the tunnel. Well at least he had the decency to wait for the train like a proper Londoner- in silence and avoiding eye contact. For some reason he couldn't quite put his finger on Hux found himself struggling to do the same. His gaze kept on drifting to the side, surreptitiously studying the slightly taller man. Perhaps he'd been too hasty in his judgment. On further consideration the man's features were closer to striking than ugly. Cleaned up he might make an attractive specimen one day. Darcy's mind drifted back to the dancer, he doubted this man would ever be that attractive. It was only when the train arrived and the man gave him an embarrassed glance that Hux realised he's strayed from furtive study to outright staring. He almost considered not getting on the train, but it was the last journey of the evening and he really couldn't afford to walk home with early morning rehearsals the next day. So he climbed onboard, took a seat opposite the muscle, offered an halting apologetic smile and stared resolutely out of the window. The music from the performance and one particularly step shimmy repeated in his mind as he waited for the announcer to call his station. By the time he got off at Angel he was humming the tune under his breath. He didn't notice the other man watching him leave. ----- Hux certainly didn't google the mysterious belly dancer the instant he got home. No he hung up his clothes, completed his skin care routine and got the eight hours of sleep he knew he needed to function. It was three days before he finally gave in and looked him up. "Kylo Ren" was his stage name. No real name was given anywhere, nor was there a single photograph showing him face, despite some of the pictures and videos including costumes that consisted of nothing but a few pieces of gauze or strings of beads. If Hux hadn't been fascinated before he certainly was now. He'd spent his entire career in a dance belt and the sight of all that free movement had him staring and cringing by turns. An impressive display but destined to end badly. And yet he couldn't stop watching. He just had a professional interest in the man's techniques, that was all. It was harder to convince himself of that when he woke up at 4am with an aching erection and an industrial bass line pounding through his mind. Two weeks later he saw by chance that the dancer had another performance, this time at a high end restaurant called Gilgamesh. He didn't hesitate a moment before buying a ticket. He had no interest in pan-Asian cuisine, but he'd dined in the VIP lounge there before. It was an impressive building with rich golden Babylonian inspired architecture and the just the thought of how Kylo might tailor his performance to that environment was food for his soul. Of course he didn't say a word about it to Dopheld Mitaka. The man had been right. But he didn't need to know that. Some things should not be encouraged. Chapter 2 : Lisan Al Gaib Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The three weeks between purchasing the ticket for Kylo's restaurant performance and the actual event passed more or less uneventfully for Hux. He had his own practice and performance to focus on, so he hardly ever thought about the mysterious masked belly dancer. No, he absolutely did not think about him as he ran his barre routines in front of the expensive mirrored wall in his expensive workout clothes in his expensive studio apartment overlooking the Thames. He didn't think about him when he passed through the Camden Town tube station or when he heard industrial music filtering down from the student flats he passed on the way to the theatre. He didn't think about him when he went to the gym for his tri-weekly treadmill date with Mitaka, Phasma and Rey. Particularly not when he noticed the slab of human muscle from the same night loitering in the weights area. It was just his luck that he had to wait three weeks to see Kylo again but he got see that ungainly lump on the edge of his sight line on a regular basis. It was bizarre. He had to be the first guy Darcy had seen in that corner of the gym who actively avoided the mirrors. Despite the fact that he was clearly significantly stronger than most of the other men there. What on earth did he have to be shy about? He was well built, tall and broad shouldered, and yes his hair was a disaster and his face... well, none of that would matter if he'd just hold himself with proper posture and walk with confidence. He was half tempted to have a word with him, it was maddening. Especially since Darcy's mind had linked the disappointing muscle to Kylo somehow, so he always found himself distracted and half hard by the end of a running session, his leggings chaffing uncomfortably whilst he tried to think of anything else. It didn't work. Those were the nights when his performance sparkled that little bit more than usual and his partners praised his focus during their pas de deux, totally failing to realise that he wasn't thinking of them at all. Those nights always ended the same way- Hux kneeling on his bed, face pressed into the memory foam pillow and three fingers deep in his ass frantically trying to imagine how it would be to bring Kylo home with him. Could he persuade him to dance with him? Could be talk him into fucking him in front of the mirrors? Would he wear the mask when he did so? He never did try to imagine what his face might look like without it. Hux followed the waitress with an odd combination of anticipation and nerves churning deep in his stomach. This wasn't the kind of restaurant where one dined alone, especially when working in the entertainment industry. It was the kind of restaurant where one came to be seen. He'd been here before, for opening night parties and such, and it's was always the same. People entered the VIP lounge with covetous eyes, peering into the curtained off alcoves in an unsubtle attempt to spot a celebrity. Others walked through the main restaurant with their phones in hand pretending to text while trying to discrete photograph the diners. Everyone knew it happened and as principle dancer for the rising First Order Ballet Company Hux would normally have revelled it. The Company was famous but they weren't world renowned. Not yet. But they would be. And it wouldn't do for Darcy Hux, son of the infamous impresario Brendol Hux, to be photographed dining alone and mooning over an oddball amateur dancing in a mask. Apparently the restaurant felt the same way about lone diners, as they'd seated him in a dark alcove by the bar leaving the seats closer to the stage to the more obviously influential clientele. Hux frowned as he spotted a table filled with Artistic Directors from various dance companies seated front and centre. A tall painfully thin gentleman with his back to Hux had a distinctive scar running across his bald skull. That had to be Snoke, the rarely seen AD from his own company. Hurriedly Hux raised the menu. He was a little more concerned now than he had been about being spotted. Kylo Ren wasn't classically trained, so although he might make guest appearances he could never be a real threat to his own position. But if Hux was seen here, Snoke might suspect him of courting some kind of collaboration with Kylo. His mind couldn’t even begin to conceive of what that might look like. Shaking his head he tried to concentrate on the page in front of him. The menu made no sense. It was gibberish. Peering closer he realised it was a themed meal, one created specifically for the evening and tying into the performance itself. That was different. Fifteen minutes on Google and Hux had a vague understanding of the theme- it was based on a series of science fiction novels that had been translated into other media with varying degrees of success. He recognised some of the bizarre vocabulary from the titles of songs used in some of Kylo's youtube videos, so it must be important to him beyond this one performance. Darcy ordered the first novel and several DVDs through his Amazon Prime account. For 'research purposes', he lied to himself. Each course would be accompanied by a dance related to a theme from the novel. Since he hadn't read it Hux intended to concentrate on the performance. He could unravel the meaning later. The first course, some kind of coconut and noodle soup, was placed in front of him moments before Kylo took to the stage. It would have been impossible to eat and watch the performance, though a quick glance told him that some of the patrons made an attempt. But Hux couldn’t keep his eyes off the man on the stage, and he didn’t even try to. Kylo was dressed in cream and gold, heavy black underskirts showing at his ankles to balance the black of his hair and the dark gleam of his mask. There was a pale wooden fan in each hand, a diaphanous veil flowing like water from his fingers as he spread them and began an almost hypnotically slow sway across the stage. The music and the dance were unhurried and languorous, speaking of a hot desert nights and a world of slow necessity while the veils fluttered and undulated around the solid, rock like planes of Kylo’s body. It was the flittering, ephemeral passage of life across an unchanging, unforgiving landscape. Hux blinked, confused by his own thought processes. Gradually Kylo seemed to be relaxing, his movements stretching and shifting into longer and wider gestures. His hips snapped and shimmied behind the passage of the veils, never fully seen for more than a moment. The drum faded out, the song almost appearing to end as time itself slowed with Kylo’s impossibly drawn out back bend. It ended with his his long, wild hair brushing across the floor, arms outstretched for a moment, until the veils themselves seemed to lure the huge man upwards again. The beat returned as Kylo righted himself. He was dancing with the veils as if they were partners now. They were no longer merely orbiting him but flowing synchronicity his movements, both leading and following as he flexed and twisted across the stage and finally away. The audience stared for a moment, unsure, until applause washed the silence from the room. Although it had seemed almost endless to Hux, the dance had taken barely four minutes. How odd, Hux thought as he ate, to turn a performance like this, one that demanded concentration from all parties, into dinner theatre. He wondered if there were some deeper meaning to the entire thing that he simply didn’t understand without a proper knowledge of the source materials. In front of the stage the gathering of Artistic Directors seemed to be enthusiastic, chattering happily amongst themselves with expansive gestures and frequent laughter. Hux stared at the back of Snoke’s head but it was difficult enough to tell what the man thought when they were face-to-face. There was no hope of learning anything right now. Despite the soup from the last course, and excellent vividly blue, spiced cocktail that was served with the fish, Hux felt his mouth go dry the instant Kylo returned to the stage. He recognised this costume, or rather half of it. It was an intricate but heavy bead and chain affair that had previously featured in one of Kylo's nude photoshoots. Except he was wearing it with long diaphanous skirts in various shades of green and blue. The individual fabrics were sheer enough that the uplighting from the floor showed the shape of his legs as he moved and for this song they needed to be seen. Hux barely even tasted his fish before the fork was abandoned next to his plate. The music was clearly meant to emulate water, both the swelling tides of an ocean and the soft fall of rain. Kylo effortlessly emulated them both. It should not have been possible for a man of his size to take such light and effortless but quick steps. Hux found himself fascinated by the other man’s feet, noting each gentle step and the fact that the thick fall of metal and glass beads made barely a sound despite the speed of his movements. An echoing mechanical chanting began and Kylo shook his hips. His costume rattled and crashed together like thunder rolling through a mountain range as he progressed across the stage. The machine voices faded to be replaced by delicate electronic beeps and Kylo became the rain again. Again the music changed, the storm returned, this time accompanied by fast paced strings and Kylo twisted and spun, skirts flying, muscular legs on display, oiled skin highlighted by the glittering lights. He was the embodiment of water worship, an ocean spirit welcoming the rain back to it’s rightful home. All too soon the song ended and Kylo faded back into the dark. Hux ate mindlessly. The fish was cold, and a lot spicier than anything he normally ate but he didn’t notice. His mind was too busy focused on memorising as much of the dance as possible. Around him the room had filled with chatter again. Everyone seemed to be impressed now. A couple at the table next to him were having an animated conversation about the theme, referencing the book he’d ordered half an hour earlier. Hux was beginning to consider getting it as an e-book on his phone when his plate and glass - when had he finished the cocktail? - were replaced with the main course and… something black and steaming in a glass latte mug. He stared for a moment, confused, when the light’s faded again and the sound of chanting filled the room. Kylo was dressed in layer upon layer of dark mesh and silk and tulle, every fabric shot through with strands of metallic thread that flickered around his hips in the dim room as he took slow undulating steps. There seemed to be no end to the fabric. It trailed black and navy and purple over his hair from the top edge of his mask, wrapping semi-transparent across his powerful frame to hang from wide shoulders, looping through his fingers as he twisted his hands. Suddenly the room was practically shaking with a chant of “Maud'Dib” and Kylo was transformed. Tiny shimmering lights scattered amongst his skirts begin to glow through the cloud of fabric. Kylo span like a dervish, arms stretched wide and his skirts floating up and out, a perfectly balanced cloud of stars expanding around his body. The music shifted, darkened, screams cutting under the chants and Kylo abruptly changed direction. The shift dragged the fabric in, pulling it tight around his legs until momentum pulled it outward again. Hux was transfixed. He looked like a nebula exploding and folding it on itself. He was the birth of universes and the death of everything with every impossibly light and graceful step. He was the most stunning thing Darcy has ever seen in his life. The lights in the skirts went out and the house lights dropped with them. When they returned the stage was empty and Hux felt almost bereft. He nearly didn’t bother to eat the food in front of him. His chest was aching in a way he usually only experienced on opening nights, when it was his own triumphant feet crossing the stage. It was disorientating to feel it whilst sitting so inert and detached from the proceedings. It was only when he remembered that the meal was supposed to be an element of the performance- that Kylo himself must have sat down with the chefs to construct it- it was only then that he began to eat. Still, he barely tasted the curried meat and artfully arranged vegetables. The drink however. The drink he’d probably never forget. Still warm in it’s glass mug, ethereal swirls of gold and copper glitter rising through the thick black fluid, it was like a recreation of Kylo’s performance that he could hold in his hand. He had no idea what was in, or how it had possibly been achieved, but it coated Darcy’s throat with a rich, deep fruit flavour that lingered. Each time he ran his tongue across his lips a thrilling hint of spices burnt cold across his tastebuds. He wondered if Kylo would taste like this if he somehow removed that blank bronze mask to kiss him. Hux trembled slightly at the thought. How had the course of five weeks and two performances brought him to this point? He didn’t get a chance to think about it. Dessert arrived- striated layers of brilliant jewel coloured sorbet served in a tall glass. With a gold straw. Hux raised an eyebrow in disbelief at the odd arrangement. This time the lights didn’t lower much as Kylo returned to the stage, the music building ominously with each step. Mouth suddenly dry, Hux was grateful for the straw- it might just stop him from biting clean through his own lips. Kylo was nude or nearly so, unfairly small black leather shorts cutting low across his hips to show off the ripple of his eight-pack abs and the sharp lines of his obliques. He stopped, mask facing the floor, hands held against his chest for a moment, swaying gently in place as an low mechanical beat swelled. His skin was glowing and shimmering in the half light, but it wasn’t until a drum roll echoed through the room and his hands seemed to catch fire that Hux realised his entire body was covered in swirling lines of golden body paint. Kylo opened his hands and a pair of glowing poi dropped down to hang in front of his pelvis for a moment before he began to move, spinning them around himself in an intricate, beautiful patterns of light that lingered on the retina as he shifted. They were clearly made from LEDs but they’d be wrapped in layers of fluttering golden fabric that made them look like flame as they orbited his flexing torso. The music had a medley of beats overlaying one another. Sometimes it was slow and sonorous with an undercurrent of tension that would slowly build to something approaching a trace beat. Kylo moved perfectly in time with all of it, glacial and ethereal transitioning effortlessly to gestures so fast that Hux couldn’t follow them. There were moments- when the beat was at its fastest and the distorted alien voices were babbling- when there almost seemed to be two Kylos and far more than just the one pair of poi encircling him. Finally the music broke, stuttering and skipping to it’s close, and Kylo seemed to break with it, spinning impossibly wide, falling to his knees as he bent back, still turning, until… silence. Kylo collapsed to the stage and again the lights went out. For the first time in what seemed like forever Hux breathed. The metal straw was crushed between his teeth. But at least all the dessert was gone. He stayed in his seat once the meal was over, half overwhelmed and unable to process what he’d just seen, but also half curious. He'd noticed that the table full of Artistic Directors were clearly waiting for Kylo Ren to appear, all heads turned towards the door he'd last exited by. Naturally, if Kylo was going to be meeting with such influential individuals he wouldn't be wearing the mask any more, and Hux did so want to see his face. Nothing happened and went on happening for nearly twenty minutes. Finally Mon Mothma, the deceptively cheerful Lead Director of L'Alliance Rebelle, summoned a waiter only to be informed that Kylo had left five minutes earlier. Yes, he'd been told about their presence. No, he'd given no explanation for leaving. With a sigh Hux threw down more money than was necessary to pay for his meal and slipped out while Snoke's table descended into uproar over Kylo's behaviour. iPhone in hand, he queued up this evening's tracks in Spotify as he ran lightly down the stairs. What happened next was a disaster. He was so determined on getting to the next train that he wasn't really paying attention to where he was walking and, just outside the main doors of the restaurant, he ran directly into a huge black clad figure, scattering the man's excessive collection of bags. His heart was in his mouth as he instinctively reached out to steady the man and found his hands on the wide muscular shoulders of Kylo Ren. Hux was about to stammer an apology- and quite possibly fling himself to the ground in contrition- when the man turned to face him with a mumbled “sorry” of his own. It wasn’t Kylo Ren at all. Hux felt his face flush as he stared in disappointed shock up at the mole strewn face of the muscle bound man from the gym. He pulled his hands back in alarm, but then- realising how rude that looked- he gave the man’s massive bicep an awkward pat and bent to lift the scattered bags back into their original pile. He might not have wanted to speak to this peculiar individual but still- Darcy had caused the problem and even he wasn't oblivious enough to let the man apologise for his own mistake. "No, don't be sorry!" Hux said with forced cheer, hurriedly straightening as a taxi pulled up to the curb. "I wasn't looking where I was going, it's my fault." "S'ok." The man said quietly, handing the bags to the taxi driver with a nod. "Hey, you usually get off the tube at Angel right? Do you want to share a ride?" Darcy couldn't stop his eyes widening in slight horror at the suggestion. Getting in a taxi with a stranger man he'd barely spoken to who apparently knew the details of his route home? Not happening in a million years. "Uh, no thanks, I'm staying with friends." He lied, turning to walk back through the market towards Camden Lock, at least until the taxi was out of sight. "Thank you anyway!" "Okay." The stranger said, rubbing his neck as he climbed into the back of the taxi. From the corner of his eye Hux noticed the sparkle along the man's hand and neck but didn't register it as the reflection gold body paint until the car was already pulling away. It couldn't be. He half-ran back towards the road, but the taxi was already gone. There was something in the gutter where it had been knocked out of one the man's bags. It was one of the immensely long silk fans from the first dance, fortunately wrapped in thick plastic that protected it from the puddle it sat in. Hux stared at it, feeling a little bit sick with disbelief. Kylo Ren was the muscle. The awkward, shy, ungainly creature that he’d seen three times a week in the gym for almost a month was Kylo Ren. He'd just turned down a ride with the most attractive dancer he'd ever seen. Folding his legs beneath him he sat on the curb and put his head in his hands. “Darcy,” he muttered quietly to himself, “you conceited prick, what have you done?” Notes: Kylo was dancing to The Water of Life, My Home Caladan, The Ascension of Muad'dib and Lisan Al Gaib all by Stoneburner. You can hear all the songs so far on the Spotify playlist here. Chapter 3 Notes: *sneaks in like it hasn't been four months since the last update* That night was possibly the worst night’s sleep Darcy had experienced in his entire life. Worse than the night before his first lessons at the Royal Ballet school, worse than the one before his first professional performance, worse even than the entire week before his first performance as principal dancer. He couldn't even begin to explain how conflicted he felt. He’d thought such terrible things about the man at the gym, for no real reason other than his moles and lack of confidence, but at the same time he was utterly infatuated with Kylo Ren. Who had turned out to be one and the same person. That face was what was hiding under the mask. Somehow the hunched and ungainly figure transformed into a being of perfect motion when his face was covered. How low was his confidence that he could experience such a complete transformation? Darcy’s own reaction couldn’t possibly help with that either. Kylo was built like a Renaissance statue and Hux had recoiled like he was the elephant man. The longer he thought about that face the less he could understand his initial attitude. Taken individually Kylo’s facial features were gorgeous. The strong brow, the roman nose, the brilliant glittering eyes, the plush lips. Oh those lips. It was the thought of those lips that tortured him as he tried to sleep. They had smiled at him only once, a nervous timid flash of warmth as they waited for the tube. It had been a subtle change of expression, but it was more than enough for his hindbrain to extrapolate into soft lingering kisses and far more obscene gestures. Hux could have lived with that but his conscience always chose to remind him of Kylo’s look of hurt each time he pulled away. He hadn’t even been sure he still had a conscience. It was an uncomfortable thought. And so he’d barely slept. He’d woken with frustrated morningwood that no amount of attention in the shower could bring to completion. He’d ended up running his morning barre routine half hard and unable to meet his own eye in the mirror from guilt. Then his phone had chirruped and his day got worse. A text from Dopheld reminding him it was a gym day. Kylo was almost guaranteed to be there, there was rarely a day when he wasn’t skulking around the free weights. Hux contemplated feigning illness or a prior appointment, but his eye was drawn to the wrapped fan he’d rescued from the puddle the night before. He should return it to its owner. Kylo seemed to have been keeping tabs on him so he’d know that Hux should be in the gym today. Delaying would just look strange. And besides, Kylo might need it. There weren’t any upcoming performances listed on his website but perhaps he did private shows. Hux tried and failed not to imagine what that might look like. There were photographs of Kylo practically naked on his website. Would it really be such a stretch to him being that kind of dancer? The man could barely meet his eye without the mask. His conscience, apparently rather busy now it had woken up, stepped in to stop that thought process in its tracks. Still. He should stop being a coward and give back the fan. Perhaps he could start a conversation with the man. Something in his mind suggested that he might even apologise for his behaviour. But that voice was so far out of character that Hux felt certain it could be safely ignored. Kylo seemed to be intentionally ignoring him. He’d tried to give the man a smile as he walked by on his way to the weight area but he’d given no response beyond his posture hunching further inward. Hux had almost lost his nerve at that. If Dopheld hadn’t insisted on a rather lurid recitation of the previous night’s activities with his new boyfriends - both of whom were sparring in a glass-fronted practice room beyond the weights - Hux might have taken the fan home and kept it to himself. But there was something compelling about listening to exactly how well laid his ex was these days that made him more determined to approach the muscular man now fidgeting with the smallest dumbbells. It was the perfect time to speak to him since he wasn’t concentrating on anything heavy enough to injure him if he became distracted. “Excuse me, Kylo…” Hux didn’t get any further than that. The man looked up with a disproportionate expression of terror. “I’m sorry, you have me confused with someone else.” Oh. He was American. And he was leaving. Kylo - and Darcy was absolutely certain that it was Kylo because he still had gold body paint behind his ears - practically ran to the locker rooms. He probably shouldn’t follow him. This wasn’t a gent’s toilets in a nightclub and Kylo had looked anything but welcoming. He only wanted to return the man’s property and maybe have a quiet conversation with him. But would anyone else see it that way? He walked back to his treadmill to retrieve his water bottle and towel in what he hoped was a nonchalant fashion. Dopheld gave him an exaggerated wink while Phasma gave him a look best described as ‘don’t do it’. Marvellous, simply marvellous. What a show of support. Kylo was changing at the far end of the last bank of lockers, as hidden away as it was possible to be in the relatively open and unfortunately empty room. The man was bigger than Hux, probably twice his weight, but he was clearly frightened of him for some reason and Hux really would have rather had an independent witness or two to put Kylo more at his ease. “I’m pretty sure I don’t have you confused with anyone else,” Hux began from a good few feet away, “in fact, I’m pretty certain that I literally ran into you at Gilgamesh last night. Kylo…” The man sagged like a marionette with half its strings cut, his huge hands coming up to cover his face. The noise of frustration that flowed from his throat as his fingers pushed up and back to pull at his hair hardly seemed human. “I get it. You worked out who I am and now you’re here to blackmail me.” He turned, watery eyes raking unkindly over Hux’ spandex clad body. “Let me guess, investment banker? You know my mother and now you’re going to expose my dirty little secret in exchange for what? The fucking that your trophy wife can’t give you? Pornographic videos? What do you want?!” Kylo almost shouted the last question before he twisted away to punch the locker door by his head. Hux almost didn’t catch the muttered “why is it always the hot ones?” that Kylo clearly hadn’t meant for him to hear. “WOW. Okay then.” Most of him wanted to walk away because Kylo was clearly a lot more complicated than he’d expected. However his ego was currently holding him rooted to the spot and demanding more information on the subject of ‘the hot ones’. Some days he really hated his ego, even if it did make up 90% of his personality. “I actually have no idea who you are, and I certainly don’t know who your mother is, nor do I have any idea why I should give a fuck. I just wanted to return the fan you dropped last night.” The face he’d spent the night dreaming about failed to show any kind of reaction to that. Hux shrugged and opened his locker, rifling through his bag for the fan. When he finally found it he turned, planning to throw it onto the bench near Kylo’s knees, but the massive man had moved on those paradoxically silent feet to stand directly behind him. “You really have no idea who I am?” He demanded, snatching his fan with cruel fingers. Hux barely noticed. Kylo’s face was inches from his own and those plump lips were right there, terribly tempting despite his anger. “You’re a belly dancer who wears a mask.” Hux began, ignoring the hiss from Kylo as the man turned to look around them. “A self taught amateur but a very good one. You’re obsessed with Frank Herbert’s Dune and your show last night had more costume changes than a production of Cage Aux Folles. You still have gold paint behind your ear and your right elbow. And you’re an idiot if you think I’m an investment banker.” Kylo was opening his mouth to reply, and Darcy’s lower-brain was giving him all kinds of suggestions regarding that particular sight, when they were both cut off by a hammering on the main door. “Oi! Hux!” It was Phasma. “Snoke wants you at the theatre in ten, emergency meeting! Grab Dopheld’s stuff too. He'd get it himself but he's too busy saying his goodbyes to his lover boys.” ‘Emergency meeting’, bullshit, Snoke had just had one of his famous dreams and decided to change 80% of the staging overnight. Again. With a sigh and an eyeroll Hux began to empty his locker. “Well, nice to meet you, whoever you are.” He muttered, shouldering both bags as an excuse not to look at Kylo’s blank expression anymore. The man might have said something as he walked away but it was drowned out by Phasma shouting, “come on, twinkle toes, get a move on!” Sometimes Hux thought about punching her. But he'd just break his hand. And probably get beaten to a pulp for his trouble. Despite the uproar over Kylo’s disappearing act after his performance, it seemed that Snoke had still found inspiration in the material. Though of course the ruthless old man would never admit to the origin of any of his ideas, and Hux would never dare to admit he'd been there by calling him out on it. Fortunately for him majority of the changes were costume based and mostly for the female dancers. He'd been more than a little concerned that Snoke might put him in leather booty shorts. Or worse, the winged monstrosities he'd seen Sting wearing in some of the production photos for the David Lynch movie. He still hadn't watched it yet. After his argument with Kylo at the gym he wasn't sure it was worth it. But however good the news was for him, he was still going to have to get used to dancing with irate ballerinas who were lit up like Christmas trees. It seemed that Krennic down in costume development hadn't gotten a handle on ‘subtly glittering like a starfield’ just yet and was aiming more for ‘Piccadilly Circus in a power surge’. As a result of the changes- and the bickering they generated- Hux found him too exhausted to bother with the gym for the rest of the week. He'd rather go for a run along the river with Kylo’s playlist in his ears than listen to any more accounts of Mitaka’s sexcapades. So it was a week later when Phasma handed him a business card with the word ‘HUCKS’ scrawled across the details for a very gothy DJ service called Knights of Ren. “This was left on my treadmill for you, you lucky man.” “I don't need a DJ, thanks,” he’d said, totally failing to notice the connection to Kylo Ren until he'd already handed it back. Of course then Phasma had refused to give it back and the whole thing had devolved into a very unseemly wrestling match in the middle of the gym. But the less said about that- and the two week ban it earned them both from said establishment- the better. Dancers, generally speaking, didn’t live in the fanciest of digs. Hux knew exactly how lucky he was in that regard. His father might not like him that much but at least he had never had to share. Or live, well… here. The business card had listed a phone number. The number had gone to voicemail. Hux had left a vague message, not entirely sure he had the right details. Kylo hadn’t written anything on it except a phonetic attempt at his name, so Hux really wasn’t certain of the intent behind it. He still wasn’t sure now. He’d received a text asking for a selfie taken with the TV news on in the background, like he was trying to contact Jack fucking Bauer instead of a Sunday night pub crowd belly dancer. Then he’d gotten complaints for putting a filter on it, like he was going to show his unedited face immediately after dress rehearsals. Hux hadn’t dignified that with a response. Two hours later, without any further communication from him, he’d received this address, a hand drawn map to reach the front door, and a choice of three time slots. It probably looked like he was trying to make an appointment with some very specific kind of hooker. Now that he was standing here, at the bottom of four flights of wrought iron external stairs, facing a feral looking city fox that seemed to live on the second landing, Hux couldn’t help but wonder if he was walking into a situation that would see him sold off for spare parts on the blackmarket. The fox was hissing at him. He’d had no idea that they did that, but it wasn’t even in the top ten of the most worrying things about this place. For a start only one in about ten of the bolts holding the metal staircase to the ramshackle Victorian building was still in place. The takeaway on the ground floor looked like the sort of place that would be closed for food hygiene violations only they'd cut up the health inspector instead. The dumpster under the stairs had half a manakin sticking out it. At least Hux hoped it was a manakin. It was surrounded by the mouldering former stock of the boarded up sex shop next door. The fox vanished onto one of the balconies while Hux climbed the wobbly stairs. He silently thanked it for that - he wouldn't have had the first idea of how to get past the mangy thing, and all his brain power was going towards not screaming with fear every time the staircase shifted. With each level he climbed the smell of the takeaway was gradually replaced by the smell of students- a peculiar miasma of patchouli, ganj, stale beer, and old books that permeated much of the city. He glimpsed a girl asleep across her books at a desk by a tiny window, someone else asleep on the narrow bed behind her. It was 11am on a bright sunny day. He'd never understood students. He’d chosen the earliest available window of time on a Sunday when he wasn’t needed at the theatre. Either it’d give him a long time to get to know Kylo, or it’d give him all day to drown his sorrows over getting into a situation this stupid. The door of the top floor flat had a string of glass nazar amulets hung across the window. The glittering blue wards against the evil eye spun and jingled slightly in the breeze giving the space a sense of peace despite the noises of the city. Hux touched one, carefully turning it to catch the light. It seemed like the sort of thing Kylo would have, the brilliant blue eye in keeping with the rest of his aesthetic. Below him the fox made a yowling noise and pounced at something, shaking the staircase. Startled Hux went to knock at the door. It was already open and swung in on silent hinges. Well. That wasn't at all creepy. With the door open Hux could hear music coming from a room just to the left. There was a window but it was covered with strips of black lace and fairy lights. Someone was moving inside but he couldn't see the details. He recognised the song though, something with a mellow rhythm and echoing alien chants. He'd love to see what Kylo would do with a song like that. Curiosity took the lead and he walked into the flat, totally unannounced. The doorway to the room on the left, just like its window, was hung with strips of lace and tulle like a starfield of blacks and purples, with strings of lights glittering here and there amongst the fabric. The curtain had been looped back slightly, enough that Hux didn't need to touch it to see inside, though he had to stoop slightly, holding his weight against the wall with one outstretched hand. The room was like the inside of a geode. It looked like Kylo had covered the walls in any reflective surfaces he could find- broken mirrors, bits of broken cars, silver trays, discarded glass table tops- it was like a magpie's hoard reflecting back a thousand shattered images of the man in the centre of the room. Oh and that man. Hux swallowed guiltily at the sight of him. Worn out sweatpants were sitting low on his hip bones. Each leg had been slit from ankle cuff to waistband to show off the thick muscles of his thighs. His perfectly sculpted torso was wrapped in a mesh crop top. His artfully messy hair held back with a torn strip of old T-shirt material. Sweat glistened on every visible inch of skin, the droplets highlighted so beautifully by the softly twinkling lights… Kylo looked like a creature from a dream. Hux tugged at his white loose knit tunic and pale leggings and somehow felt underdressed in this strange, almost magical, apartment. Kylo was practicing the same dance move over and over, an impossibly deep back bend paired with a shimmy that would show off his abs and his ass and his shoulders all at once when he finally got it right. Watching him move Hux realised the room was a studio, a low budget version on his wall of mirrors back home. The broken reflections left him disoriented but intrigued. Here was the flexing of an eight pack stomach; there was a hand posed just so; impossibly huge feet tripped from one shard to the next while a glimpse of muscular buttock flashed across a convex mirror. The room itself was a performance piece. You could film the same dance from twenty different angles and get twenty unique results. It was fascinating. Snoke would lose his mind if he saw it. In the centre of the room Kylo was getting deeper and deeper into the move with each repetition, until he finally perfected it, his hair brushing across the floorboards. He grinned at his success and opened his eyes to see Hux watching from the doorway. It was hard not to laugh at the startled upside down look on Kylo’s face, but Hux managed to turn his reflexive amusement into sincere applause. Righting himself, Kylo snatched up a towel to dry his face- and possibly cover his blush- while he crossed the room to shut off the music. “Sorry, the door was unlocked,” Hux said, feeling compelled to fill the awkward silence, “and the uh fox…” “Oh, that's just Millicent, she won't hurt you.” “Millicent the fox, right.” Hux raised an eyebrow. “So, you're Hux, right?” Kylo asked, still not looking at him. “Sorry I kinda mangled your name on that note I left you.” “It wasn't really a note.” Hux shrugged, confused for a moment until he remembered that he'd included the proper spelling of his name in his text messages. “I’m still not sure why I’m here.” “Is Hux your first name? Or your last?” Kylo didn't really seem to be listening to him all that closely. “Last. It's Darcy, Darcy Hux.” There was a birth certificate in a safe somewhere with another name, but the less said about that the better. “Huh. You have two last names.” “I’m not sure either ‘Kylo’ or ‘Ren’ qualify as names at all,” Hux snarked back, regretting the attitude immediately but not really able to resist the temptation to let his true nature out. He had to admit, as gorgeous and fascinating as the guy in front of him was, he did feel more than a little threatened by his seemingly effortless aesthetic. It wasn't an emotion that Hux was used to in the slightest. Kylo had seemed so awkward off stage before, but here in his own space he still carried that confidence he had during performances. It transformed his strange face into something ethereal, beyond tempting and into forbiddingly beautiful. It was most unfair. “Look, I’m sorry,” Hux continued, trying to save the situation, “I know it's a stage name, I just… why am I here? You really didn't seem to want to talk to me back at the gym…” Kylo still wasn't looking at him, or maybe he was watching him in the mirrors rather than meeting his gaze directly. Perhaps Kylo had issues with eye contact. That would explain a lot. “I uh…” The huge man pushed a hand back through his hair, dislodging the tie so it fell in soft waves around his face. “I didn't say thank you. For the fan. I… guess I was embarrassed about the taxi. And assuming… well…” He waved the hand, struggling to articulate all the things he'd accused Hux of back at the gym. Hux watched him as he floundered. He couldn't really help without sounding even more snarky and judgemental. So he didn't try. “I uh, guess I liked you. From The Hobgoblin. But I wasn't brave enough to talk to you on the train. Then you ran from me at Gilgamesh. I don't know any other dancers. I don't do this in public, as myself I mean. And when you came up to me in the gym I guess angry rejection met scared paranoia and made…” “A mess.” “Yeah.” Kylo smiled slightly, glancing towards Hux for a moment before he looked away again. “I spoke to some of the guys at the gym. Found out a little bit more about you- that you're a real professional dancer at least- and I thought I should take a chance and actually, you know, get to know you.” Hux stepped properly into the room, ducking under the strings of fairy lights, and extended a hand. “Let's start afresh. I’m Darcy Hux. I’m lead dancer at First Order Ballet Company. Don't think that makes me weak. I don't have you build but I still spend much of my working life lifting 120lb girls…. and boys. I admire your work. It's so very different to my own. I'd love to learn more about it. And you.” There that hadn't been so difficult, had it? Kylo stared at his hand like it was a live grenade. “I’m not expecting…” Hux faltered, trying to work out the tactful way to word the rest of his statement. “... your birth name or anything, just, how you- as you are- would introduce yourself.” “Oh, uh…” The hand that enveloped Darcy’s was intimidatingly massive. There was only an inch or two difference in height between them, less given Kylo’s bare feet, but he seemed to have been constructed on some other scale than Hux. Where Hux was as spare and slim as a stick figure drawn on tissue paper Kylo was fully three dimensional. Hux wondered whether Kylo could lift him, and what that might feel like. “Kylo Ren. Belly dancer. DJ. Leatherworker. All amateur of course. Still pays the bills.” Kylo shrugged, his hands going back through his hair again. “My grandfather was in a, I guess you’d call it a dancing adjacent industry and I always wanted to do it, but my family wasn’t keen. Tried to make me do other things. I’m self taught, I’ve never been to a class or danced with anyone else. I saw classes though, back home. You could see them from the weight area of the gym so that’s how I learned most things. I don’t really know your company or anything about ballet but, well, you seemed… cool I guess.” It would have been a lie to say that Hux didn’t try to work out who Kylo’s family might be but there really wasn’t enough information there to narrow the list down. ‘Dancing adjacent’ could cover the entire entertainment industry, especially if the man had started out in the days of variety shows and movie musicals. Hux hadn’t brought much with him, but he had brought his practice shoes and the floor, while cluttered and slightly uneven looked like a real dance floor. Perhaps Kylo had liberated it from some studio that was being renovated or shutting down. Like the wall of mirrors. Second hand things made beautiful. “Well, I don’t know all that much about belly dancing, I mean, there are ballets with dances from other countries but…” He trailed off, the ‘not belly dancing, and not for the men’ hanging in the air like some uncomfortable judgement by his profession against Kylo’s. “Still, there’s lots of things that transfer from one style to another. I’d love to show you.” Kylo glanced at Darcy’s feet as he changed his shoes, apparently confused by the shape but he didn’t say anything. He just turned the music back on and somehow the beat drew them both into something unplanned and . “Oh my god,” Hux said breathlessly, half leaning, half clinging to the doorframe. “I can’t do that anymore. That wall. It’s like being in a hall of mirrors the whole time.” Kylo chuckled. It was a deep appealing noise that made Hux regret his decision not to cling to him in his disorientation. It had been a strange two hours. The time had flown by in an odd mixture of showing off and teaching, each of them pulling out their most impressive moves to baffle the other before taking pity and demonstrating the action. And of course demonstrating a step often meant correcting the other’s position. Lots of correcting. It was flirting entirely through touch. Hux hadn’t had this much fun in years. But Hux was used to practicing with a real mirror and performing without, whereas this was some hellish combination of the two with the added distraction of the reflections being in the wrong place. He’d look up to check the placement of a hand, or the angle of Kylo’s arm and see empty space. Or a foot. Or, on one occasion which had made him trip over his own feet, one concave mirror had managed to reveal the fact that Kylo wasn’t wearing underwear. That had been a revelation. After that his treacherous brain had insisted that they look out for more glimpses and he’d gotten steadily more dizzy until he was overwhelmed. Kylo stepped closer, holding a towel out like some kind of shield between them. Mysteriously it had cartoon kittens woven into it. Hux wasn’t sure why he noticed that, but it suddenly seemed like the only real thing in the flat. “How do you do it?” Hux asked accepting the towel and noting that while Kylo didn’t meet his eye he didn’t step back again. Immense shoulders shifted in an almost hypnotic shrug. “Practice. You get used to it.” “The fact that you can dance the way that you do, with this as your practice space, Kylo it’s amazing.” “I move where the music tell me to move.” He said after a second or two of studying his bare feet. He seemed to be blushing under the sweat. “I don’t dance like you. You’re the same every time. I… I was watching you. When you repeat a step, you repeat it exactly. I can’t do that. That’s, that’s why I didn’t stay to talk to the artistic directors.” Hux pushed off the doorframe to right himself. The movement brought him to within a few inches of Kylo’s face. Instead of moving back Kylo held his ground, his eyes flickering down towards Darcy’s lips and then up towards his hair. It was like he was studying his face in pieces, the same way he looked at the mirrors. “I work with an ensemble, with partners, people have to know where I’m going to be or else someone could get hurt. Especially with jumps. I’ve been kicked in the face by an airborne ballet dancer, I’d really rather not do it again.” Hux paused and licked his lips. Kylo’s eyes followed the path of his tongue. “Still, there’s a lot to be said for spontaneity. The unexpected has its merits.” “Oh?” Kylo was smiling, his tongue just nudging out between his teeth. It was adorable. “Yep.” Hux kissed him. There was a heartstopping moment where Kylo didn’t move and Hux thought he might have made a terrible mistake. Then huge hands closed around his waist and he got to find out what being lifted by Kylo felt like. Though he didn’t notice for the first few seconds because he was far too busy focusing on the sensation of Kylo’s tongue in his mouth. “Oh, well, yeah I can see how spontaneity would be a good thing.” Kylo murmured when he pulled back enough to rest their foreheads together. Hux made a noise that was definitely not a giggle. It just sounded like one. “Uh, I ah…” Kylo lowered him back towards the floor as he struggled for words. “I was thinking, well, hoping, if you came and you, had fun, that maybe we could share dinner or something, but…” Sheepish seemed to be Kylo’s most common expression. He was starting to fold in on himself again, like he’d been at the pub the first time they met. Hux tried to prevent this by letting his hands run down Kylo’s back towards his very tempting arse. Kylo smiled a little as he continued, “When I checked my emails I realised all the food apps have stopped delivering here. Because of the fox. And the guys downstairs.” “Downstairs?” He leaned in and whispered conspiratorially, “It’s supposed to be a Chinese restaurant but I’m pretty sure the owner is Glaswegian mafia…” It shouldn’t have been funny. But somehow, pressed close to this baffling man he still knew almost nothing about, Hux couldn’t help but laugh delightedly. “Grab your things. You can come back to mine where there’s a proper mirror and a much bigger floor space.” He laughed again. “And I promise I’ve never been barred by a restaurant due to feral animals. Or feral Scotsmen.” Kylo stared at him wide eyed before dipping forward for another kiss. Hux had several hundred ideas in his head. Only 62% of them involved dancing and less than half of them involved clothes. Notes: Kylo was dancing to The Inherent Evil Of Face Dancers and Tlulaxa Flesh Merchant by Stoneburner