I can’t tell you what it was like. And by it , I really do mean all of it. “Indoctrination” was one hell of a thing. But then, well… back then , I didn’t know any different. It was all one way up until it wasn’t– until Dr. Thos pulled me out of my mental stasis and I could really think for myself. Do you understand what I mean? I suppose that’s maybe not for me to wonder in the first place, I know your mind has been yours the whole time. I know you choose this, and you know I couldn’t. I’m insinuating that it’s possible for you to place yourself where I’ve been– all while wishing you could hear me now too. See, you can’t; I know that we’ve already said goodbye. Maybe I’m talking myself through this like it’s just some backrocket effort at keeping calm. Maybe nothing– but hey, I’m trying. What I can tell you… Watching the hatch seal over your face was death enough. I never thought it was all going to come crashing down on us. Not like this. And the one moment I had to say it all, I kept it back. Everything– all the nitty-gritty details, the stuff that a part of me would rather get vaped than admit to you. I wanted it all to come out, really, but I just couldn’t burden you like that. I held my tongue and I hold it now, inching closer to the great wipe. Reconditioning feels like a joke. I’m not laughing though, you know. As I was saying, I broke out of it all– sure. Then came pretending like I hadn’t, which was easier than you’d think since you can never really forget what it’s like. I mean, it was both a barrier and an alarm. It was an unseen wall to block out a spectrum of thought, protecting me from revelation and natural impulse. It was an inaudible siren, influencing my brain to duck and run or stand in line– to lay my life out for the cause and all that. In time, you can imagine, that you’d grow to tolerate it. And I did. Fighting against it only makes headaches– real bad ones; ones that grind and pound at your brain like it’s the Resistance itself. I think it’s because our minds were conditioned not to do what they want to do. I’ll call them headaches but in truth, they were more than that. The programming and programmers, the ones who do this to us, they are not our allies and they are not our friends. I’m close to the end now, and while I’m here, I’ll say that it feels all too similar to the beginning. I blame the hallways. The repetition of steel and stone. These worn down boots of mine are ticking like a detonator against the floors, slick with polish. I’m amazed I can walk without falling on my ass. Hell, now I can’t see anything but Slip’s face. I’ve been in my share of accidents but he was by far the clumsiest trooper I’ve ever seen. I mean it lovingly when I say his dexterity was fictional… ‘Cuz he was also as sharp as a sarlacc’s tooth and that’s why they kept him around. Slip, walking to reconditioning and tripping on his way, would have been the greatest “fuck you” to the General over here. I’m sure it’s a mood killer, it’s gotta be. Anyways, he’s at my left and a psytech I can’t recognize is at my right. So, there’s a black coat on one side and white at the other. It feels almost like a devil and angel on my shoulders but neither is interested in mercy. I should also mention that Hux here, has been staring at the back of my head so intently I can feel his glare burning away at my scalp. On one hand, I want to ignore it but on the other, I can’t help but feel he’s annoyed that my hair is exceptionally redder than his. I must have established myself as the alpha. And I say that as if, wherever you are right now, you’ll stop what you’re doing and laugh– or at least roll your eyes in that way you do when I say something unbelievably corny. I know this look well. Too many sour jokes. Stars, everything aside, I just wish you could hear me. You know, even still, as I march on, I don’t think I can take this moment seriously. It’s hard to stomach how close we were to our goal… I guess the worst thing I could do is measure the distance between here and freedom. I’ll forget about freedom soon enough. Remember how you said that there were flowers on your home world as red as my hair? I’m not sure why, but that always stuck with me. Maybe I liked the association to something organic and innocent, maybe I just liked how your face lit up when you told me. I think about how you had mentioned when you were nothing more than a knee-biter, that you had spent seasons playing in fields of red dwarf poppies and how they had stained your palms because you had tried to collect them and hold onto them. I hope I haven’t stained your palms. It’s just ahead now. I’d be lying if I told myself that I didn’t feel scared, or worse, alone. It’s intimidating to know I’ll be fine on the other side or that I won’t remember this moment of not being fine. I’m not okay right now. I’m the exact opposite. I’m shaking under these outer plates. I feel it breaking like sheets of ice, shifting and crackling along moving water. This armor, my second skin, won’t prevent what they plan on doing to me. Can’t. I always imagined, in the end, that you would show me your home world. I thought about what it would be like to see it with order restored. That’s why you were here. In some vague, difficult way, I’m almost thankful that it pushed you to the First Order. I’m not, for one second, pleased that your planet is suffering now but I’m at least glad that it led us to meet. The universe is too big to not host such happy coincidences and if my memory serves me right, you did say I was like your brother. Yeah– happy . Imagine that. You and me, everyone else. The walls and ceilings were snug, but once we were all laughing, it was easy to forget. Starkiller isn’t going to get some ceremonious goodbye from me. No one did– not even my Captain. She handed me over; they must have not trusted that I could do it myself for sending her as a chaperone. She came to collect me before any of the others had woken up. We marched soundlessly from the barracks to the main bridge all to find the General waiting for me, sipping tea and reading something on his holopad. He gave me this look, like I was a dog on a leash or something, and told Captain that he was “sorry it came down to this.” Sorry – can you believe that? She didn’t. We didn’t have to talk, you know. I mean, I respect the hell out of that woman– under the armor, I wouldn’t be surprised if her flesh was also chromed– but she was thrown through a loop. I don’t think I’ve ever been so quiet; maybe she was waiting for me to brush it all off my shoulders. She didn’t think I could bear the weight of it all without comedic relief to shake the tension loose. But I did. They’re connecting me to the machines now. They’ve kept to themselves how potentially dangerous this procedure is. They haven’t warned me that it’s excruciating, that I might wake up in the night with sweat-soaked sheets from nightmares of this life. Dr. Thos forewarned us. You know if it were simple, being reset, they would have done this to me the moment I started laughing more than I blasted things to bits. They don’t do this to wise-mouths; only turncoats… and I wouldn’t have made it as an FN without faking my undying devotion. I’ve never shown that my allegiance is outside this white skeleton. They look at me, close-lipped. No one has explained to me why I’m here. The only disclaimer they’ve made is that this is what is going to happen. I’m lead to believe our secret is about to make itself known if they do not already know. But I don’t want to entertain that. Thinking about the others… They just can’t. I’m suddenly terrified of what will happen to the rest. I can’t do anything, secured tightly to this chair, each limb pressed down to the surface. I can only blink and move my head. Neither action is sufficient, so I do nothing. I put so much belief in the plan. I depended on inertia, and maybe to a fault, that it would just keep us all creeping forward undetected. I never thought I’d be halted. I’m trying to be okay with it. If the skifflin is out of the sack, I only hope it means that you’re right on the edge of figuring it out too. Damn. I just couldn’t risk it though. I couldn’t include you in it all when I knew how unsafe it was to house these thoughts. Sometimes I would rip myself out of sleep and have to fight not rocketing down the hall to tell you… It’s just that there is so much happening beneath. Maybe I should have told you– I should have said something, right? I can’t say anything now. No. Nothing. Not in a metaphorical sense either. Stars, they’ve tied a strip of ashen, flimsy fabric over my mouth. It tastes like gauze and I can’t help but think of being stitched up in the medbay a few cycles back for being a little too reckless. I can’t help but think while I still can. I can’t help it at all. I’m not going to make a sound– untie it. Please , General. I can’t go through my final moments like this. And why do you have to look at me like that? Like I’m a wounded animal about to be put down. My limbs are transformed to claws and wings. Let me go. Let me go. Am I awake for this procedure? There was no countdown. It’s happening. God. I can feel parts of me going numb and cold. It’s a submersion into ice water. I’m not ready. I’m not ready. I don’t want to forget your face. I’m thinking really hard about you. I’m not ready to give you up. They can try to steal you and everyone else from me but I refuse to let you go. I feel something moving down the pathways of my memory. There’s no way to describe this feeling, only that I’m all too aware of something slithering about inside my head. Starkiller is absorbing my mind in preparation for total annihilation. I won’t forget you. I won’t forget you when you had been watching the interstellar dust. We had everything then– the one last perfect moment. General Hux has his hand on the controls. I can’t see much but I see him from the corner of my eye. The techs, in ghostly white robes around him, are supervising. He must think he’s deleting the problem– that it began and so dies with me. Oh, astral , perhaps there is hope yet. Whatever happens after this, you’ll make it out. I know you will. You’ll go back to your planet and see the poppies. I don’t know where I came from but I trust you don’t mind if I go there too. It feels like it’s home enough for me. I hope you know my consciousness will be there, preserved and flowing through the stems of every single flower, bursting into petals you used to admire. We’re all finally free there. Everyone. Please – keep holding on. You just have to. I wonder if they can see it in my eyes, the brilliance of the view we had. I’m thinking about it hard enough that I’m surprised that my skin hasn’t become one with the darkness we hang in. You’re here. You’re here with me. I feel our last hug become our last once more. I feel you holding me together but you’re fading. All of you, glitching out like you had never been there in the first place. But I’m not ready to let you go. The fabric over my mouth slips. It falls down my chin and hangs at my neck like a noose. This vision of you, it’s just a memory– the last I’ll see of you and know who you are– but I whisper to you regardless: "We will escape. We will all escape." The man with red hair, whose name and face have left me, cannot control his rage. He slams his hand on a button and I’m shocked with so much invisible electricity that I–