Introduction So hi! I saw this awesome prompt list and I decided I'd do one whenever I get word block! There are fourteen prompts and I plan on doing them all with different ships! The list of ships with the fandom (in no order) are: StormPilot - Poe Dameron & Finn | Star Wars Kylux - Kylo Ren & General Hux | Star Wars SuperBat - Superman/Clark Kent & Batman/Bruce Wayne | DC TimKon - Tim Drake/Red Robin & Kon-El/Conner Kent/Superboy | DC Red Arsenal - Jason Todd/Red Hood & Roy Harper/Arsenal | DC BirdFlash - Dick Grayson/Robin & Wally West/Kid Flash | DC HalBarry - Hal Jordon/Green Lantern & Barry Allen/Flash | DC Poison Quinn - Pamela Isley/Poison Ivy & Harleen Quinzel/Harley Quinn | DC Stucky - Steve Rogers/Captain America & Bucky Barnes/The Winter Solider | Marvel Maxicest - Pietro Maximoff/Quicksilver & Wanda Maximoff/Scarlett Witch | Marvel Cherik - Charles Xavier/Professer X & Erik Lehnsherr/Magneto | Marvel's X-Men SpideyPool - Peter Parker/Spider-Man & Wade Wilson/Deadpool | Marvel Clintasha - Clint Barton/Hawkeye & Natasha Romanov/Black Widow | Marvel Destiel - Dean Winchester & Castiel | Supernatural Anyway, all the fics will have the correct tags/warnings and the ship in the NOTES, so be sure to read it before the actual fic! Comments are more than appreciated and encouraged! I love feedback, and I'm a serious sucker for praise. Chapter 2 : Coffee Summary: Sleepy kisses, and tooth rotting fluff. What more could you want? Notes: “being unable to open their eyes for a few moments afterward” - TimKon No warnings, just fluff! Conner stretched out on the bed, a soft groan slipping past his lip as he yawned. He sat up, glazing around the unfamiliar room belonging to his boyfriend with tired eyes. Blue eyes landed on the tousled pile of black hair sprawled across his bed, pale skin of his back rising and falling as he slept soundly. A soft smile spread across Conner’s face as he lent over his boyfriend. “Tim...” he breathed out, pressing a kiss to the mans shoulder bone. As the man didn’t stir, Conner gently nudged the crook of his neck with his nose. “Tim, come on.” He urged, peppering kisses along the bruised skin from the night prior. “You gotta wake up.” Tim groaned, raising a hand to blindly slap at his boyfriend. “Fuck off.” The words were barely audible as he mumbled it into the pillow. Conner chuckled, a soft rumble in his chest. “I can’t. You gotta get ready.” He encouraged, pressing a playful kiss to the boys cheek before he rolled over him so he could gently kiss his nose. Blue eyes fluttered open to glare at Conner, “Conner....” He started, and Conner hushed him by leaning forward to press a soft kiss to his lip. Tim’s eyes fluttered shut once more, letting out a soft sigh as Conner pulled back. “Babe?” Tim sighed, eyes flickering open again. “Fine. Fine. I’m up. You’re making coffee though.” He stated sourly, and Conner smiled. “On it.” Chapter 3 : New Summary: Wally never meant for it to end up like this - on a rooftop with his hand in Dick's hair while their lips were pressed together - but hey, he wasn't complaining Notes: “one sliding their hand into the other’s hair slowly” - BirdFlash Warnings: Underage kissing I guess, and teenage hormones. Suggests mentions of fighting? I don't know. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Dick grinned, leaning forward to press a soft shy kiss to Wally’s lips. Wally’s eyes lit up, long lashes fluttering shut as Dick pulled back. “I’m sorry.” He apologized, “That was uncalled for.” He admitted. Wally grinned, “No! No, I mean I….I don’t mind.” He admitted softly, and Dick smiled back shyly, “Can I…?” Wally questioned and Dick nodded urging Wally to lean forward pressing their lips together again. It was awkward at first, unsure and new as they figured out what to do. Dick shifted tilting his head to the side and Wally attempted to copy him ending up with them banging their noses together. “Ow!” The soft hiss came from Dick, and Wally giggled softly. “Sorry,” he apologized and Dick smiled weakly before murmuring “It’s okay.” back. They were silent then, and Wally responded to it by softly running his hand up the younger man’s suit where there were nicks in it from where knives had sliced through the fabric earlier. “Are you ok?” He questioned and Dick nodded his head softly, black hair falling into his eyes. Wally hesitated again before he lifted his hand to brush the hair back out of his blue eyes. “Your eyes are so pretty.” He whispered softly, his eyes flicked between Dick’s eyes and lips slowly, unsure of his next move. Dick sighed in annoyance, not putting up with the hesitation he leant forward, his full lips landing on the gingers again. A soft sigh escaped Wally’s lips in surprise, but he didn’t hesitate to open his body for Dick’s smaller figure who inched closer. Wally’s hands were soft, as they moved up Dick’s back. One stayed on his mid-back while the other moved to tangle gently in his hairs as he held him close. The kiss was quicker this time, more excited as they figured out how it worked. A soft nervous giggle escaped Wally’s mouth as Dick inched closer towards his lap, his hand moving to brace himself on Wally’s thigh and Wally found himself breaking the kiss as he jumped to his feet in a blur. Dick glazed up at him, bright blue eyes confused. “Did I do something wrong?” he questioned voice hurt and Wally shook his head quickly, “No! No, I just uh...we should probably go find the team before they come looking for us.” He lied and Dick sighed before he nodded, pushing to his feet. “Yeah, you’re right.” Notes: AHHHHH teenage hormones and sexual frustrations