Monachopsis Summary: Former Captain Hux takes steps to try to put his life back on track. Notes: Monachopsis: The subtle but persistent feeling of being out of place, as maladapted to your surroundings as a seal on a beach. He could do this. He could do this; he could do this; he could do this. Former Captain (yes, the rank was still his, but he felt like an imposter wearing it when he could no longer wear the uniform) Hux took another deep breath as the mantra ran through his head. It’s just a door, for fuck’s sake! he shouted at himself in his own mind. Just a door. A wooden door with a frosted-glass window. A door that says Cloud City Gym. You are allowing yourself to be defeated by a gym door. You are supposed to be here. You are expected. Open the door! His fingers had almost touched the handle on the door when it was opened from the inside. A dark-skinned man about his father’s age stood there, a large smile on his face. “You should come in, son. You stand out there too long, you’re going to get cold and worry some of the ladies when they leave the sunrise yoga class,” the man said. “Mr. Calrissian?” “Please, call me Lando. And you must be Hux,” Lando said, shaking his hand. Hux let out a sigh of relief. Lando winked at him. “Don’t worry, son. Rey’s nickname for you is a secret that is safe with me.” Hux nodded. His fingers tightened around the strap of his messenger bag; he thought of Rey Solo as a friend and had so far found her to be a reliable person, but considering what had happened to him, his trust issues were understandable. A small smile touched his lips as he realized the last part of that sentence had sounded like Rey’s voice in his head. “I was serious about coming in, though. People might start to stare.” “Of course,” Hux replied, stepping inside when Lando opened the door wider. He took note of the fact that Lando made sure to leave him plenty of space to enter the gym without having to brush against him. “Did you serve, sir?” he asked. “I did, but that doesn’t mean you can get away with calling me ‘sir’,” Lando said, leading him into the gym. “I found I was more suited to academia.” Hux lifted an eyebrow as he took in their surroundings. “I am a man of fascinating contradictions and habits,” Lando said, smiling broadly. “Clearly,” Hux said. “Ah, there’s that snarky streak Rey mentioned. I went to college once my tour was up. I worked my ass off and got my Ph.D. in history. I lectured for several years before an old Army buddy came to me with the idea of a gym and we’ve been building and running this place ever since.” “Your doctorate is in military history?” Hux asked, shifting his bag to his other shoulder. “Well, there was some military history. Early U.S. History; my dissertation was on the women who helped shape the early years of our country. I still guest lecture occasionally, but spend the bulk of my time here and being a doting grandpa.” “Sounds fascinating.” “I’ll get you a copy of the dissertation for the next time you have insomnia,” he said, chuckling. “Come on, let me give you the tour, and if you like the look of the place, we can go to my office to talk.” “All right.” “Well, first things first—over there, we have our low-impact studio,” he said, pointing. “Ah, the sunrise yoga,” Hux said. He could see, through the glass door into the room, a few men and women striking yoga poses. Rey had tried to convince him to try yoga, but it didn’t really seem like what he needed. He wanted to get muscle tone back; he wanted to get his body under control. Deep breathing exercises and stretches led by a perky, bendy instructor didn’t seem to him to be the way to do that. Plus, he was rather sure he wouldn’t be able to get his body to go along with getting into several of the positions he had seen. “Among other things, including a barre for ballet.” “I was under the impression, from what Rey said, that this was a more rough-and-tumble establishment,” Hux said as he followed Lando to the part of the gym dedicated to exercise equipment. Lando laughed. “Sorry, that came out wrong.” “Don’t worry, kid. I didn’t take offense. I’m sure Rey talked about how this place was relatively quiet and catered to vets.” “Yes, she did,” Hux replied, noticing that all of the equipment was set up so the user would not have to have their back to the front door. Discreet mirrors hung near the ceiling allowed people to see what was going on behind them. “Rey’s a good girl, despite her scoundrel of a father,” Lando said, leading him toward a door set into the back wall. “She’s a bloody menace,” Hux said. “She is that, too,” he agreed, opening the door so they could step inside. “As you can see, we have the boxing ring, and various equipment for fight training and/or sparring. The room is sound-proofed so it doesn’t carry out into the other areas of the gym. My nephew handles most of this. I mainly keep an eye on the weight training and exercise routines.” “I think I’ll be sticking to those,” Hux said. “Well, your membership gives you access to everything here. If you change your mind, my nephew or one of my daughters will be happy to get you signed up for some training time. Same goes for the low-impact studio.” “Where do I sign up?” Hux asked as they returned to the main part of the gym. “Let’s go to my office. You can set your bag down for a bit,” Lando replied. He had noticed Hux switching his bag from shoulder to shoulder, and that his right shoulder seemed to be slightly lower than his left. “Are you harassing new clients again, Dad?” a woman with Lando’s twinkling eyes asked as she joined them. Lando laughed and slung an arm around her shoulders. “No, Peggy. Hux, this is my youngest, Peggy. Hux is a friend of Rey’s. She sent him to us to help him get back into shape.” “Pleased to meet you, Hux,” Peggy said, extending her hand. “Thank you, ma’am,” he replied, shaking it. “Oh, I love when Rey sends us the military men. Such manners. And that accent’s not too shabby, either,” Peggy said, winking. Hux tried to fight back the blush. “Stop flirting with the clients. Go save the little man from the yoga ladies,” Lando said, turning his daughter away. Peggy rolled her eyes. “Fine. But I’m bringing him to your office. I have class soon. Nice to meet you, Hux,” she called over her shoulder as she walked away. “So, Hux, how do you feel about children?” Lando asked. “I beg your pardon?” Hux said, stopping dead in the hall leading to Lando’s office. Lando let out a sharp laugh. “My daughter’s about to bring my grandson to me. His mother, Eliza, my eldest, leaves him with me or my wife when she’s working. She’s a detective with the police department,” Lando explained. “I wanted to be sure you’d be okay with that.” “I haven’t had any problems with children yet. Of course, I haven’t been around too many.” Lando nodded as he opened his office door. “I can make this quick, just in case.” Hux tried telling himself that Lando meant he didn’t want Hux to feel uncomfortable; but a small part of him kept shouting that Lando, rightly, didn’t trust Hux around an innocent child. “Of course, if you think that’s best.” Lando sighed as he sat behind his desk. “I don’t think you’re any more of a danger to Alex than anyone else I allow in this place. If I did, you wouldn’t be welcome here, friend of Rey’s or not. It’s just that Alex is two and he experiences the world by either running into it or trying to put it in his mouth. That can be off-putting for some people.” “That actually sounds like quite a few people I served with,” Hux said, carefully settling into the chair across from Lando. Lando snorted. “Some things never change.” “Unfortunately,” Hux muttered, before he could stop himself. Lando gave him a sympathetic look. “I understand.” “I’m sorry, sir, but I don’t think you really do.” “No, probably not.” Lando took a deep breath before continuing. “But I have worked with a lot of men and women who have come back. And my partner deals with her service every day. So believe me when I tell you I want to help you.” Hux nodded. “Where do we start?” “I presume Rey wrote a plan for you?” “She didn’t send it to you?” “We’re not technically a treatment center, so we don’t get access to your records. We don’t get anything you don’t want to give us.” “Oh. Of course. I have it right in here,” Hux said, reaching into his bag. He pulled out a slim file and carefully handed it to Lando, inwardly flinching as he felt the tremor in his hand. Lando took the file without comment. A small smile brushed his lips as he read. Hux stiffened. “Sorry,” Lando said. “Rey just has a rather colorful way of writing.” “She must write like she talks, then.” “You haven’t read this?” he asked, eyebrow raised in disbelief. “Rey gave me the basics—weights, work to increase my stamina. She then started talking faster and I may have tuned her out.” Lando nodded. “Rey is exuberant about her work. She genuinely enjoys helping people. It seems she’s taken a special interest in you.” “Sir, I can assure you—” Lando waved him off. “I know. Rey would never take advantage of a patient. Besides, you are very much not her type.” Hux smirked. He should have known better. “So where do we start?” “G’anpa!!” Hux nearly leapt out of the chair at the loud shout. Lando put a hand on his shoulder as he walked past him to where Peggy stood in the doorway with a small boy in her arms. “Hello there, little man,” Lando said, reaching out to take his grandson. “Do we have to go over manners again?” “G’anpa!” the boy replied, at a much lower volume. “There you are. This is G’anpa’s friend, Hux. Say hello to him, Alex.” Hux looked up into the bright smile and twinkling dark eyes of the little boy. “Hello,” he said, extending his hand. Alex smacked Hux’s palm with his own, giggling. Lando frowned. “Handshake, my boy,” he said, demonstrating. “Five,” Alex replied, solemnly. Lando looked at Peggy, who shrugged. “Manners go out the window when you let him spend that much time with Kylo. High fives are par for the course,” she explained. “Ah, yes,” Lando said, setting Alex down in an area clearly designated as a play area for him. “You stay there for a bit, little man. We’ll go out for some playtime later.” “I’ll be back to see you for lunch, Alex,” Peggy said, waving. Alex nodded, picking up a truck and making revving noises. Hux watched the pure joy on the boy’s face until Lando drew his attention away with a polite cough. “Rey thinks we should start you out slow. I agree. No offense, son, but there doesn’t seem to be a lot to you.” “So I’ve been told,” Hux snapped, the words out before he could stop them. Stop being rude to people who want to help you, he scolded himself. Hux took several deep breaths. “I am sorry, that was rude.” Lando studied him for a moment. “Normally, I’d have my nephew work with you on setting up your routine, but I think that may be a little…volatile. He tends to get under people’s skin.” Hux laughed harshly. “And mine is so bloody thin right now.” “I don’t think either one of us really believes that.” “My therapist would tell you otherwise.” “If you went to see him,” Lando said, tapping his fingers on the file Hux had handed him. Hux groaned. “I really should have read that before handing it over.” “Let that be a lesson to you,” Lando said, firing up his computer. “Now comes the boring part. I get to ask you a lot of questions so we can properly implement Rey’s recommendations into a workable fitness plan.” “I’m sure they’ll be better than the last round of questions I was asked. I might even answer these,” he said, a harsh smile touching his lips. “I know that feeling,” Lando muttered. Hux was about to reply when he felt a tugging on his arm. He looked over to see Alex holding on to his sleeve, the material of Hux’s pea coat in his mouth. “That’s not sanitary,” he told the little boy. “Plech,” Alex replied. He let go of the sleeve and held his arms up to Hux. “Alex, Hux has an ouch. He might not be able to—” “I’ve got him,” Hux said, stubbornly, turning in the chair to lift Alex up. He grunted as he lifted him; the little boy was sturdier than he looked. “If he starts to be a problem, he can go back to his toys,” Lando said, as Alex settled in Hux’s lap. “He’s fine,” Hux said, watching Alex play with his fingers. Lando watched as the tension in Hux’s shoulders evened out. “Yeah, Alex has that effect.” “Hmm?” “Nothing. Let’s get started.” ***** Two hours later, Hux nodded to his doorman as he entered the building. Upon his release from the hospital, Hux had wanted to move into the townhouse his mother had left him; but once he saw some of the hate mail and photographers staking out the place, he had realized he needed another place to call home. His father had wanted him to move into the family home, where his father could be there to help Hux with his recovery. Hux had appreciated the offer, but he loved his father too much to handle making him see his son’s failures on a daily basis. Instead, his father had purchased Hux’s apartment in a building with a doorman and put the deed in Phasma’s name. So far, no one had tracked him down here; although he was rather sure the doorman knew who he was. The elevator was blessedly empty all the way up to his floor. He checked the hallway out of habit before he unlocked the front door. He closed and locked the door behind him, then leaned against it and let out a shuddering breath. That had been the longest he’d been out of his apartment in weeks. He had had lunch with his father the week before, but he felt everyone was watching them, so they had gotten their food to go and eaten it in his kitchen. He was proud of himself. He was sore and he wanted to lie down in his bed with the lights off for the rest of the day, but he hadn’t had a panic attack, and his morning had been productive. His smile quickly slid off his face as he realized someone was in his apartment. He tried to stay calm—the doorman wouldn’t have let someone he didn’t know up. It wasn’t someone who meant him harm. It wasn’t— “Just me!” a voice called from the kitchen. Hux sighed and dropped his bag by the door. He knew he would regret it later, when he tripped over it, but he was too tired to bend over and get it now. “Come on, Hux! I’m making you lunch.” Hux walked into his kitchen, wincing slightly as the muscles around his reconstructed knee protested. Rey Solo was in his kitchen, frowning slightly at a frying pan. “Is that a grilled cheese?” he asked. “With bacon ,” she confirmed, sliding a spatula under the sandwich and depositing it on a plate. She turned off the burner and nimbly stepped over Hux’s cat to set the plate in front of Hux, who had taken a seat at the island. “Did you give the cat bacon?” “I gave her mashed potatoes.” Hux rolled his eyes. “How did you get in here?” Rey shrugged. “Max, your doorman, recognized me. Once I got up here, Murderkitty let me in.” “It’s Millicent and she has no thumbs.” “I pick locks.” “Of course you do,” he muttered before taking a bite of the sandwich. Rey smiled as she watched him eat. They had become friends during his recovery, and Rey believed in very few boundaries when it came to taking care of her friends. “How did you know I’d be home?” Hux asked. She waved her phone at him. “Uncle Lando texted me.” Hux lifted an eyebrow. “‘Uncle’ Lando?” She blushed. “Yeah, see I thought you might not go if you knew Lando was family. But the gym is awesome, right? You’ll keep going?” “Probably. I didn’t have any panic attacks while I was there. Lando seems like a good man.” “Did you get to meet Alex? Or Peggy or Eliza or Angelica?” “I met Peggy. And Alex tried to eat my coat.” Rey wrinkled her nose as she smiled. “He is quite fond of putting things in his mouth.” “They were all…nice. I think I could be comfortable there.” Rey’s smile lit up her face. “Good! That’s so good. You need to make sure you keep up with exercises. You should also get your strength and muscle tone back up to snuff.” “I wasn’t ever all that muscular, Rey. You must have seen the photos.” “Yes, but if you want me to stop calling you Noodle, then you have to work at it.” Hux winced at the nickname. Rey chuckled. “Well, I am going to clean up after myself and then head out. I do have real patients to see today.” Hux put his hand to his chest. “I’m hurt, Rey. Am I not a ‘real’ patient to you?” “Not anymore,” she said, patting his hand. “Now, you’re just my friend who needs a little extra help.” “I guess I’ll have to live with that,” he said, standing up. He walked over to his junk drawer and pulled out a key, handing it to her. “Just in case. Wouldn’t want you to get arrested if someone happened to see you picking my lock.” “Your neighborhood watch program is atrocious,” she agreed, deftly adding the key to her key ring. Hux shrugged. “I’m not sure how many neighbors I even have. And they probably wouldn’t be too fussed if I disappeared.” “ I would mind,” Rey said, fiercely. “I’ll be sure to let them know.” Rey stood on her tiptoes and ruffled his hair. “Go take a nap. I’ll let myself out and lock up behind me.” He nodded, swallowing a yawn. “Sounds like a plan. I want to be well-rested for my first day at the gym tomorrow.” “You call me if you need me, okay?” she asked, putting her hand on his arm. She knew he still had nightmares about his captivity and the fallout that followed. “Of course,” he said, knowing it was a lie. He wouldn’t call her. If he needed someone to talk to, he’d call Phasma. She had also served in the sandbox, so she would understand. Rey was good and light; he wouldn’t burden her with the full force of his darkness. He wouldn’t forgive himself if her fondness for him caused her any problems. Rey sighed. “Liar. Make sure you call someone , though. It would be a shame to undo all that work on your jaw because you laid in bed clenching your teeth instead of asking for help. Don’t make me come lecture you.” Hux folded his hands in prayer. “Please, anything but a patented Rey Solo lecture.” “Wise ass.” She looked down where Millicent was batting at her shoelaces. “You keep an eye on him, Millie. Try not to murder him in his sleep.” “Stop accusing her of murder, you’ll give her a complex.” Rey snorted. “I’ve seen the way she looks at me. She’s got murder on her mind.” “She’s a cat. They all have murder on their minds.” “Well, then take her with you for your nap,” she said, lifting Millicent—who protested loudly at being removed from her prey. Hux held up his hands before Rey could give him Millicent. “I, um, I think I’ll need to sleep with my door closed.” Rey blushed. “Right! Of course. Sorry,” she said, setting Millicent on the floor. Millicent padded over to Hux and rubbed her face against his calf. He crouched down to scratch her under her chin. “It’s all right,” he said softly. “Hey, I have the day off tomorrow. How about I come in and train with you? Sometimes it helps to have a familiar face.” Hux huffed as he stood. He was starting to get a headache. He wanted to snap at Rey that he didn’t need a damn babysitter, but he knew he wasn’t really upset with her. He was frustrated with himself. “Thank you, Rey. But I think it’s time I stopped leaning on you and Phasma all the time.” Rey winced. “So, I should probably tell you that Phasma plans to bring you dinner tonight? And I might have told your father about today?” “Jeezus, Rey, really?” he asked, pinching the bridge of his nose. “I’m sorry! I was just really excited for you!” “Rey, I really need to lie down.” Rey stepped closer to him and, after getting a nod from Hux, gave him a gentle hug. “I’m sorry, I got carried away. Is there anything I can do to fix it?” Hux smiled against her hair. “Tell Phasma I want Mexican for dinner.” “You got it.” “And tell her to bring enough for my dad, because he will probably be joining us.” Rey stepped back. “I’m on it.” “And…you are welcome to join us.” “That is very sweet. But it’s my month to referee the family dinner.” “Your family is very weird,” he said, remembering some of the stories she’d told him to take his mind off his excruciating rehab. “One of these days, I’ll have to bring you with me so you can see just how weird.” “I think I’m going to need far more exposure to groups of people before I can handle a Solo family dinner.” Rey squeezed his arm. “Look at that, you’re setting new goals for yourself already.” Hux rolled his eyes. “I’m going to bed.” “Call me if you need anything,” she yelled after him. Hux leaned heavily against the hallway wall as he walked to his room. He tried not to count his steps, or the distance between him and the front door, but it was automatic. He closed and locked his bedroom door behind him. The trip to the hardware store to get the materials to put the lock on the door had been his first solo excursion. He had been quite proud of himself, even though the fact that he felt he needed the lock had gnawed at his stomach the entire time. But he had made it through the trip without having a panic attack; it had been one of his first unqualified successes since being discharged from the hospital. It had also been the impetus for him to reach out to Rey for details about the gym she had mentioned to him. He believed that if he had managed a place as open and unfamiliar as the hardware store, he could function at a place that catered to people like him. Hux let out a bark of laughter. He didn’t think there was anyone like him. Despite that fact, he had managed to keep one of his oldest friends and make a new one in Rey; and his father was ready to set fire to his own legacy to make things right for Hux. Now, if he could manage more than an hour of sleep without a gut-wrenching nightmare, he may just be on to something. Chapter 2 : Altschmerz Summary: Kylo Ren used to be Ben Organa-Solo. These days, he's a man trying to come to terms with his past, and to build a future. Notes: Altschmerz: Weariness with the same old issues that you’ve always had—the same boring flaws and anxieties you’ve been gnawing on for years, which leaves them soggy and tasteless and inert, with nothing interesting left to think about, nothing left to do but spit them out and wander off to the backyard, ready to dig up some fresher pain you might have buried long ago. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) “You stole my apprentice from me.” Lando looked up at the young man standing in his doorway; the smirk on his face belied the ominous tone of his voice. “Technically, Peggy saved him from the thousand cheek pinches he would have gotten from the yoga ladies. Also, he’s not your apprentice.” “Ky-yo!” Alex cheered, raising his hands up as he toddled over to him. “On Wednesdays, he is,” Kylo said, easily lifting Alex and swinging him up onto his shoulders. “It’s Tuesday,” Lando stated. “No, it’s not.” “You’re kidding,” he replied, even as he flicked open his calendar. “Yep, Wednesday all day. That’s why Peggy has class. And I have an apprentice for the morning; his escape from sunrise yoga notwithstanding.” “Damn,” Lando said, “how did I lose a day?” “You were in the library all day yesterday. Doing research on that next book I’m not supposed to know anything about.” Lando studied the young man—his nephew in all but blood—as Kylo allowed Alex to use him as his own personal jungle gym. Four years ago, Kylo wouldn’t have had the patience to be in the presence of a small child, let alone dote on him. Now, he was one of the few people Eliza completely trusted with her child. “Uncle Lando?” Lando shook himself. “Sorry. My brain was in the past.” “If you need to go lose yourself in the archives for a few days, I can handle things here,” Kylo said, settling Alex on his hip. It was a tempting offer; Lando knew Kylo could handle his classes, scheduling, and dealing with their regular clients. But the young man still took a while to warm up to new people, so he wouldn’t be effective at initial consults. Especially for people like Hux. Lando had followed the news, but—far more importantly, as far as he was concerned—he had also listened to Rey talk about the man. And while trauma such as what Hux had gone through could cause drastic shifts in behavior, Lando was unable to reconcile the man Rey had described—had befriended —with the man whose blood had been called for in the court of public opinion. No, Lando could not leave Hux in the hands of his still sometimes volatile nephew. “I’ll keep that in mind,” he said to Kylo. “But I think we both know your Aunt Cassie would skin us both alive if I was allowed free reign in the archives.” Kylo huffed a laugh. “ One time you spend 48 hours in there without leaving or eating properly, and she never lets you forget it.” “Well, I had left her alone with three young girls.” “Didn’t say she didn’t have a point, just that maybe she could have gotten over it by now.” “I would not make that argument to her.” Kylo snorted. “Not as stupid as I look, Uncle Lando.” Lando laughed. “Don’t you have classes to be getting to?” “ Wednesday ,” he repeated. “I’m going to go work on some gymnastics with Alex before Peggy comes to steal him back away from me.” “I thought he was your apprentice.” “Doesn’t mean I’m not appropriately terrified of a Calrissian woman. I know my limits.” Lando smirked at him. Kylo rolled his eyes. “I’m working on them!” he called over his shoulder as he left the office with Alex. Lando chuckled to himself as he looked over his schedule for the rest of the week. If he could get Rey to come in and help Peggy cover for him, he might be able to get another full day in at the library on Friday. As long as he was home for dinner and spent time at the house over the weekend, Cassie wouldn’t have any reason to give him The Eyebrow over his new project… ***** “Well, kid, it is a good thing you appear to have inherited your momma’s smarts and looks, because you got exactly zero of her grace,” Kylo said to Alex. Alex, comfortable in the boneless way only toddlers could be, giggled from his position halfway through the forward roll Kylo had been trying to get him to do. “Pflarg,” Alex replied, completely unaffected by Kylo’s words. “If I remember correctly, you didn’t stop tripping over your own enormous feet until you were about twelve.” Kylo looked up to see Peggy standing in the doorway of the low-impact studio. “And look at me now,” he replied, his smile pulling at the scar on his face. “Trying to create a gymnastics dynasty with a two-year-old,” she said, nodding her head slowly. “You’ve got to start them young. And BB keeps trying to eat her tights,” Kylo said. “Pflarg,” Alex said again, righting himself. “Okay, buddy, from the top. Show Aunt Peggy what you can do,” Kylo said, dropping beside Alex to help him get into position. Alex copied him and managed to do a more-than-serviceable forward roll. Peggy and Kylo both broke out into cheers and applause, earning a toothy grin from the boy. “That’s my apprentice!” Kylo shouted, scooping Alex up and tossing him in the air. Alex giggled as he was repeatedly thrown and caught. “All right, all right. That’s enough. I need to take him for lunch and if you keep throwing him, I will probably end up with vomit on my shirt,” Peggy said. “Aunt Peggy ruins all our fun,” Kylo huffed, rubbing his nose against Alex’s. “Yeah, yeah, mean Aunt Peggy,” she said as she took Alex in her arms. “Mean,” Alex repeated, giggling. “Yes, mean. Mean Aunt Peggy who is going to take you to see Momma for lunch!” “Momma!” Alex shouted. Kylo winced. “I don’t know why you’re wincing; it’s my ear he shouted into.” “It’s the pitch,” he replied, holding the door open for them. “Wuss,” she muttered, hip checking him. “Is his coat in Dad’s office?” “I think so. He was already coatless when I snatched him up for yoga,” he replied, shrugging into his own coat. She nodded. “What do you have planned for the rest of the day? Wanna grab lunch with us?” “Thanks, but I have plans for the afternoon before I have to fortify myself for dinner tonight.” “Ah, yes, it’s the third Wednesday of the month: Solo Family Dinner Melee. Glad it’s not my turn to be the special guest.” Kylo rubbed the back of his neck. “Yeah, Uncle Chewie is back in town and Rey’s schedule has finally lightened up, so it’ll just be the five of us. Unless Mom gets a call about some crisis. Again.” “You’re secretly hoping for that, aren’t you?” “I may have asked Jess if she had any pagan friends willing to sacrifice a goat for me.” “Little ears!” Peggy scolded, holding her free hand over Alex’s ear. “Hey, if he knows what ‘sacrifice’ means, he did not learn it from me.” Peggy sighed. “True. He’d be more likely to pick it up from Angelica. Why, oh why, did your auntie decide to teach classics?” she asked Alex, bouncing him lightly on her hip. Alex laughed. “All right. I’m going to get this one his coat and head out. Give me a shout if you end up needing reinforcements tonight.” Kylo wrapped her and Alex into a big hug. “I will. But I’m trying to be more of a grown-up.” Peggy frowned. “Don’t make me scold you while I’m holding an impressionable child.” He smiled as he wrapped his long, maroon scarf around his neck. “I’ll see you later, Peg.” “Tell Jess I said hello.” “What makes you think I’m going to go see Jess?” “I do my research. It’s been six months since your last tattoo; family dinner tonight; and you just got an advance on your next book. That all points to an afternoon at Aurebesh .” “Eliza may carry a gun, but you’re still the one who scares me the most,” he said solemnly, before pressing a smacking kiss to her cheek, then Alex’s. Peggy laughed as she pushed him toward the door with her free hand. ***** Kylo let out a sigh of relief as the front door to Aurebesh closed behind him with a barely audible click . He had made today’s appointment three weeks ago, when his agent had informed him that Resistance Publishing had agreed to a substantial advance for the next three books in his Knights of Alderaan series. He closed his eyes and took in the sounds and scents of the tattoo parlor. “You’re late.” Kylo opened his eyes and smiled at the shop’s proprietor, his best friend of more than two decades: Jessika Pava. “I have a very good excuse.” “Mm-hm. “No, really. I was teaching Alex gymnastics. He finally managed a forward roll.” Jess’ eyes widened in joy. “No way! All by himself?” “I was beside him, but for the most part, yeah.” “I guess Binx is going to have to step up her game, then,” Jess said, referring to BB, her goddaughter. “I think she can still take him on the floor routine. He might have her on the bars, though,” he replied, rolling his shoulders. Much as he didn’t mind Alex climbing on him, the little boy was sturdy and could take a toll on his muscles. Jess chuckled. “Speaking of BB, where is she?” “She is taking a nap. I scheduled you for now—well, for 30 minutes ago—because it would be during her naptime.” Kylo winced as she held up the baby monitor. BB was their friend Poe’s daughter; since Poe’s girlfriend had run off, leaving the baby behind in the hospital after delivering her, Jess and the rest of Poe’s wide circle of friends had been there to support him. The greatest support had come from Poe’s best friend, Finn, who had used his “mad skills” as a family law attorney to track down the former girlfriend and make sure she legally surrendered all rights. Bianca Beatrice Dameron was solely Poe’s; Poe’s, and her found family’s. “I’m sorry, Jess. It couldn’t be helped.” “I know. But, you understand, I had to call in reinforcements.” “Reinfo—shit.” “Nice to see you, too, Gigantor.” Kylo turned to see Jess’ younger sister, Olivia, coming down the hallway that led to the office and private room behind the tattoo parlor. He whirled back to face Jess. “Seriously? You couldn’t have asked Finn? Or Poe’s parents? Or literally anyone else?” “I could have, but I knew O was free because I’m doing her tattoo after you’re done,” Jess replied. Olivia sat down on a stool behind the front desk. “You should be happy, Ben.” Kylo half-growled at her for using his real name. “Come on, Phasma is going to come by later to bring me food. I might share some with you.” She leaned forward on her elbows and grinned at him. “You know it’s the closest you’ll get to eating in her restaurant anytime soon.” Kylo opened his mouth to make a crass comment about eating and Olivia’s girlfriend, but was cut off by the sound of the parlor door opening behind him. He turned to lock eyes with the platinum blonde Amazon who, for reasons he couldn’t completely fathom, had fallen madly in love with the youngest Pava sister. “You didn’t tell me Shortie would be here. I’m not sure I brought enough to feed a platoon,” Phasma said. Jess snorted at Phasma’s nickname for Kylo. “Traitor,” Kylo muttered at her. Phasma ruffled his hair as she strode past him to the desk. She gave Jess a one-armed hug before setting the large bag she carried on the desk. She swept Olivia into her arms, bending her down to press a warm kiss to her mouth. “Ugh, enough with the classic movie glamour,” Jess said, pushing at Phasma’s arm. “You’re just jealous,” Olivia snarked. “Why, yes, I need someone tall, built and handsome to darken my doorstep on a regular basis,” Jess replied. “Jess, if boobs at all interested me, yours would be the ones for me,” Kylo said. “Why are you friends with him?” Phasma asked. Jess sighed. “Despite his inability to use his words properly, he’s one of the best men I know.” “Also, I have an eight-pack,” Kylo added. Jess wadded up a piece of paper and threw it at his head. He didn’t bother to move, allowing it to hit him square in the middle of his forehead. “Actually, it’s good that you’re here,” Phasma said. “It is?” Olivia asked. Kylo lazily flipped her off. “It is. I am trying my hand at a spicy salsa. Not my usual fare, but it’s a surprise for a friend. I need someone to test it on. I’d rather ruin his palate than yours,” Phasma said, wrapping her arm around Olivia’s waist without looking away from Kylo. “Spicy? I’m in,” Kylo said. “Ah-ah, you are already late. Tattoo first, then goodies,” Jess said. “Well, if you don’t mind. It would help if I got opinions now, so I have time to tweak it before making it for my friend.” Olivia’s expression softened. “Armitage?” “Yes,” Phasma replied. Olivia turned to Kylo. “Have some. You, too, Jess.” Kylo was about to ask if they should wake BB, as well, but something in Jess’ expression stopped him. “All right, Phasma, hit me.” ***** Kylo was comfortably settled in the tattoo chair, reclined to give Jess proper access to his chest. “It’s funny,” he said. “What?” Jess asked as she put on her gloves. “Family.” “Yeah, I’m going to need more than that.” Kylo rolled his eyes. “You like me better than my own sister does.” “To be fair, that’s because you cut off most of her hair when she was four.” “She had bad heat rash and no one was doing anything!” “Well, they certainly had to do something after that.” Kylo sighed. “Before you get settled in with your, undoubtedly scintillating, diatribe, I’m going to need the title of the next book.” Kylo paused for a moment. Although he knew he had to give her the information for his tattoo, there was a part of him that wanted to keep it to himself. “We can do something else,” Jess offered. “I can add to the map on your back if you’d like. But I thought you wanted to add to your publishing tattoo.” Kylo nodded. When his first novel had been accepted for publication, he had come to Jess to commemorate this new milestone in his life. She had tattooed an unrolled scroll above his heart, the bottom edge of the scroll ending just above his nipple, with the title of the book in small print at the top of the scroll. Jess had tattooed the title of the second book beneath it a year later. “I’m not asking for all the books in your new contract; I know you haven’t solidified them yet. But I’m willing to bet BB’s college fund that you know the title of the next book,” Jess said. “Coming Home,” he replied, softly. Jess nodded. “Damn. You’re going to break our hearts with this one, aren’t you?” “Yep,” Kylo replied, relaxing. “But then I contractually have two more books to fix it.” “At least two more books,” Jess corrected, setting her gun to the ink. “At least,” Kylo agreed. “This will take almost no time, you realize?” “I thought maybe we could discuss my next big piece after.” “Of course,” Jess said. “I also have some applicants for an apprenticeship if you’d like to take a look?” Kylo closed his eyes and relaxed into her touch. “If you insist.” Jess smiled as she began tattooing the elaborate script into his skin. “Always.” ***** “Phasma has plans for tonight, so I could get Olivia to watch Binx if you need me to come with you,” Jess said. Kylo paused briefly as he shrugged into his coat. He ultimately shook his head. “I appreciate the offer, Jess, but I think I can handle it. Things have been pretty steady lately; I’d rather save you as a buffer for a dinner I know will be rough.” “All right, then. Give your family my best.” “Of course. They like you much better than they like me; I try to bring you up as much as possible.” Jess punched him in the shoulder. “I’d try to hug that defeatist attitude out of you, but I just gave you a chest tattoo, so my emotional support will have to do.” Kylo made his eyes as wide as possible. “Oh, no. It’s like I somehow planned it.” “Fuck right off.” “With relish. As soon as you introduce me to Right Off,” he replied, hurrying out of the room before she could throw something potentially damaging at him. ****** Kylo tried to be subtle in his coping mechanisms. At first, he had tried swallowing everything down until he had no choice but to let it out with explosive, and sometimes violent, results. When he was younger, his anger and (admittedly, mostly self-imposed) isolation had made him easy pickings for a certain kind of person. Master Snoke, the owner and master trainer at First Order Arena, had sought influence through Kylo—then Ben Organa Solo. Snoke had hoped to curry favor for his weapons manufacturing by befriending the son of General Leia Organa. Snoke had played a long game, working Ben’s insecurities to the point that the young man abandoned his family to live and work at FOA full time. Once he was legally able to do so, Ben changed his name to Kylo Ren and joined Snoke’s MMA team, the Knights of Ren, cutting all ties with his family. Kylo had been good at MMA; he had excelled . He was proud of himself and his abilities for the first time in his life. But then Kylo had been pushed too far in the ring and he had nearly killed a man. In the aftermath, Snoke had abandoned him and Kylo had found himself scared and alone. To his ever-lasting surprise, he had not been alone for long. His father had arrived from whatever far-flung country he had been in practically overnight, bailing Kylo out. Han had wanted to take Kylo home, but Kylo couldn’t believe he would be welcome; he thought he would be ridiculed and isolated. He thought his mother would only house him to try to mitigate the oncoming scandal. Han had acquiesced, taking Kylo to a cabin that belonged to his uncle, Luke. Kylo had never been more surprised in his life than when his mother had shown up, completely incognito, and begged him to let her help. Kylo had weathered the storm, with his entire family around him, making him feel claustrophobic and desperate for an escape. Eventually, no charges were filed, and Kylo found himself a broken man with a past he couldn’t feel proud of without also feeling crushing guilt, and no real prospects for his future. So he did something he never thought he’d do—he’d dipped into his trust fund and gone traveling. He had studied the roots of the fighting styles he’d bastardized for years; he’d studied meditation; he had found himself before coming home. He had been surprised when his friends and family allowed him to just slip back into their lives as though he had never been gone. Which, unfortunately, also meant that a lot of the same tensions were still there whenever he, his parents and sister were all under one roof. At least now, most arguments ended with apologies instead of broken furniture and throats raw from screaming. These days, he kept his temper, and he projected an outward aura of someone who was capable and happy with the current status of his life. It was usually easy: he was happy in his chosen profession; he enjoyed the work he did at Cloud City; he loved his friends and family; and he was carefully working to accept his broken history. But there were times when the old anger and loneliness came back; when his insecurities kept biting and biting at him until he felt soaked with blood. And as much as he was sure they didn’t mean it, there were times just being in the same room with his family for more than an hour fed the beast of his past. He took a deep breath before knocking on the front door of his parents’ home. The door opened seconds after his knock, his sister Rey standing there smiling at him. “You do realize that you don’t have to knock, right? You went through the gate; we know it’s you,” she said. Kylo reached out and tweaked the tip of her nose. “I learned these things called manners in my travels. One should knock before entering someone’s home; even family.” Rey wrinkled her nose. “Who are you and what have you done with my brother?” “Olivia bet me dinner at her girlfriend’s restaurant I couldn’t get through dinner without being the person who sent it spiraling out of control.” “Wow. You should have let me know you were taking sucker bets again.” Kylo laughed and swept her up into a bear hug. Rey shouted in laughter and allowed the hug for a moment before hitting his shoulders. “You need to get back to the gym, sister-mine. Those tiny, ineffectual fists are no match for me,” Kylo said, following her into the house. “Stop teasing your sister; she’s tiny enough to easily reach your vulnerable spots.” Kylo smiled at the familiar cadence of Romanian. “ Uncle Chewie! So glad to see you! ” he replied in the same language, allowing a long, enveloping hug from his tall, hairy uncle. “Leave the kid alone, Chewie,” Dr. Han Solo called from the living room. While he could read and understand Romanian, Han had never mastered speaking the language, so he, like Rey and Leia, usually spoke to Chewie in English, knowing his life-long friend would understand. “How long you staying in town this time, old man?” Kylo asked, flopping into an armchair across from his father. “At least another month. There’s some hulabaloo about our permits for the dig near Pitesti.” Kylo raised an eyebrow. “By ‘hulabaloo’, do you mean they have not forgotten the last time you spent an extended time in Romania?” “That was almost twenty years ago!” Han protested. “My people have long memories,” Chewie said, chuckling. “Yeah, yeah,” Han replied, waving him off. “You’d think they’d be happy about all the press I got them. And I did make sure Romania kept all the artifacts.” “Your fight with a rival team caused damage to a 600 year old castle.” “Not Romania again. You know how that gets him worked up, Han,” Leia said as she joined them. “Mom,” Kylo said, going to her to press a quick kiss to her cheek. It took a little more effort to ease into things with her; a small part of him still blamed her for leaving him with nannies and minders so much when he was younger. Han had taken Kylo along with him whenever he could, but after an incident in Estonia (which Han still claimed was not entirely his fault), she had put her foot down about young Ben traipsing around dig sites. Han had made it home to visit as much as he could; but that had been the heyday of his career, and there was always just one more dig. Ultimately, Kylo believed that he held more animosity toward his mother because she had been the one to make the decision to send him away to his Uncle Luke. In retrospect, he could now realize it had been for the best, but his eleven-year-old self had screamed and raged until Luke had no choice but to send him back home. “I’m glad you could make it, sweetie,” Leia said. “He’s only here to win a bet,” Rey said, stealing her father’s glass of scotch and taking a drink. “Well, that and I was promised spaghetti,” Kylo said. “Uncle Chewie tells me the new cook is magnificent.” “Uncle Chewie needs to stop making time with my staff,” Leia replied. “Well, if you had more than fifteen minutes at a time to spend in the kitchen, you wouldn't need staff,” Kylo stated. As soon as the words were out of his mouth, he realized the joke would fall flat. Han coughed. “Is dinner ready?” “Yes. Why don’t we go have a seat in the dining room?” Leia asked, turning on her heel. Chewie and Rey quickly followed her, Rey throwing a frustrated look over her shoulder at Kylo. “Your mom loves being in the kitchen,” Han said softly, clapping Kylo on the shoulder. “And you loved helping her.” “I remember.” “Maybe lead with that next time.” “Yeah,” Kylo agreed, following his father out of the living room. Notes: I am sorry it took so long for this. The next update will be much quicker, I promise. Chapter 3 : Exulansis Summary: Exulansis: When there’s not an actual word for what you’re trying to explain. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Phasma used her key to let herself in to Hux’s apartment, deftly balancing the food she’d brought in her other hand. “Hello, sir,” she said as she saw Hux’s father, Brendol Hux, walking toward her from the apartment’s living room. “I’ve told you; if you’ll just let me know you’re on your way, I’d help carry,” he said, reaching out to help her with the bags. It was an old argument, so she didn’t protest as she handed him some of her burdens. She turned to lock the door behind her before following him into the kitchen. “I wasn’t sure you’d be joining us,” she confessed. Brendol huffed. “My boy went out into the world on his own and made a first step in getting something of himself back. I wanted to be here to celebrate,” his eyes hardened. “Or to comfort him if it turned out to be too much.” “Is he still asleep?” “Millicent went charging down the hall a little bit ago, and I heard the bedroom door open not long after. He’s probably in the shower.” Phasma nodded as she began to take items out of her bags; putting a six pack of Hux’s favorite beer, taco fixings, and a large container of salsa in the fridge before setting a tray of food in his oven. She set the temperature to keep the food warm. “Should you have brought beer?” Brendol asked. “I know he hasn’t been taking his pain pills as he should. If he’s stayed true to course, I don’t see why he shouldn’t be allowed a beer.” “That little sneak,” Brendol said, chuckling even through his exasperation. “Shit,” Phasma said. “You didn’t know.” “He said he was cutting back, not that he’d stopped taking them. It’s because of the nightmares, isn’t it?” She nodded. “And he doesn’t like the way they make him feel.” Brendol sighed. “He can’t get better if he’s constantly in pain.” Phasma was at a loss for a moment. Brendol Hux was a retired general; a famed statistician who had the respect of the entire military community; and someone who was regularly sought for advice on military matters. She had been in awe of him even before she had served with his son, and then met him in person. She had thought it was shattering to see him sitting by his son’s hospital bed, sleepless and angry, but it was nothing compared to the helplessness radiating off the man now. She stood beside him and gently put her hand over his. “I think…I think he feels he needs the pain. I think he’s using it to keep himself focused.” “Focused on what?” “On getting through this. On showing everyone they were wrong to toss him aside. To ever doubt him,” she said, fierceness creeping into her voice. “I got a call today. The investigators want to set up an interview,” he said, running a hand over his face. “It’s not an interview; it’s an interrogation.” They looked up to see Hux standing in the kitchen’s doorway. ***** Hux startled awake, the action immediately followed by a hastily swallowed grunt of pain as his injuries made themselves known. The ache in his jaw and screaming pain in his shoulder and knee told him that he had been tensing in his sleep. That meant that while he didn’t immediately remember the exact content of the dream, it had to have been about his capture. Only that particular strain of nightmare brought on this kind of pain. He carefully laid back down and stared at his ceiling. He focused on his breathing; focused on how it no longer wheezed or caught at the back of his throat. Back in the early days, when he was conscious more often than not, but still mostly incoherent with pain and drugs, Rey had advised him to take the small victories where they came. He had (embarrassingly weakly) shoved his cup of water at her. She had caught it before it had hit her or spilled. The worst was that his father had been present for his outburst (such as it was), and had lectured him about taking his frustrations out on one of the few people who had shown him kindness. His father, of course, had been correct; and once he was able to speak, his first words were an apology to her. He snorted a laugh. If he and Rey had been each other’s type in any way, shape or form, they would have been a fucking cliché. The wounded soldier and the comely professional who nursed him back to health. Well, for a certain definition of “health”. Hux sighed. He should get up; he needed a shower after today’s adventure. And if the hazy gray light coming through his window was any indication, he would probably be getting company in the not-too-distant future. His mouth started to water as he thought about dinner. He hoped Phasma would bring something from Viva; he had discovered the place through Rey, and they had a red salsa that he loved more than breathing. Phasma enjoyed the place, too, but she was determined to get as much healthy food into Hux as possible; and Viva was good, but a steady diet of it would probably be hard on his arteries. She usually brought him meals from her own restaurant, Chrome, but she had yet to add Mexican-influenced foods to her menu, so when he put in the request for Mexican food, she usually acquiesced to his love of Viva. Hux smiled as he heard a distinct meowing coming from outside his bedroom door. He turned his head and, sure enough, a small orange paw was slipping under the door. Millicent always knew when he was awake, and she only gave him a little bit of time to himself before demanding the scritches she was due as mistress of this domain. “I’m coming, Millie,” he said as he hauled himself to his feet. He bit back a moan as his muscles pulled and cramped. He desperately needed a massage, but he was nowhere near ready to allow a stranger to put their hands on him that intimately. He opened the door and Millicent stared up at him for a moment, meowing at him, before she felt satisfied and head-butted his shin. He bent down and picked her up, burying his face in her fur. “I know, Millie,” he replied to her meow. “How about you curl up on the pillows while I get a shower?” She purred beneath his hand as he scratched behind her ears. He walked back over to the bed and gently set her down, chuckling when she immediately began kneading the pillows. “If that is all, your majesty.” He bowed slightly to her before walking into his en suite. He winced slightly as he flipped the lights on; they were shockingly bright, but he couldn’t yet handle dim lighting when he was completely naked and vulnerable. Hux grimaced at his reflection. His hair had grown down to his chin; he would have to start pulling it back or bite the bullet and get a haircut. He shivered at the thought of allowing someone to have sharpened metal that close to his neck. “Man bun or stubby tail it is, then,” he muttered to himself. He rubbed his jaw and decided he could wait another day or two before attempting to shave again. His last attempt, thanks to shaking hands, had resulted in several nicks and one outright cut. He had become steadier in the days since, but thought he had extended himself enough for today. Besides, the facial hair helped mask the faint scars from his jaw surgery. “Mraow!” “I know for a fact that Rey put food in your bowl, you glutton!” he called out to Millicent. He laughed at the feline grumble that answered him. He would have scolded Rey about spoiling the cat if he wasn’t more guilty of it than she was; and if he hadn’t been sure leaving her with his father while he was overseas had set the spoiling standard. Hux sighed at his reflection, his fingers toying with the hem of his t-shirt. He had stripped down to his undershirt and boxer briefs to sleep, and his bedroom had been dim enough that he couldn’t see the scars on his legs as he had gotten out of the bed. “Come on, old sod, you need to get used to it,” he said quietly to himself. He pulled the shirt up and off, pleasantly surprised that the agony in his right shoulder was at a manageable level. He folded the shirt absently before tossing it into the hamper. He turned back and stared at himself in the mirror. Rey had been right to nickname him Noodle; he could see how soft he looked, how fragile his muscles looked beneath pale skin. The surgical scars on his abdomen were pink instead of the angry red he was used to, as was the scar from his chest tube. He was able to trace the medicals scars without flinching, but he couldn’t yet look closely at the scars from the torture. “Okay, enough for today,” he said, nodding to himself. He turned and started the shower, waiting until the temperature was right to shuck his shorts and toss them into the hamper. He moaned in pleasure as the hot water beat down on him with just the right amount of pressure. He had at first thought the adjustable showerhead was an unnecessary expense, but his father had, again, proven him wrong. There were days when the feeling of the hot water cascading over him, hitting his wounded body in just the right way, was the only thing helping him feel human. He had found this shower, with its cool stone tiles and glass door, grounded him in the here and now the way few other things did; there had been nothing like it in the heat of the desert, or the sterility of the hospital. Hux took his time washing his hair and body. He luxuriated in the expensive products stocking his shower. When he had been overseas, he had quietly, if not happily, used whatever had been issued to him. His lone indulgence had been the product to keep his hair slicked back into his chosen style. But now, the Army was through with him and he was through suffering on their behalf. He would exfoliate; he would smell of something other than sweat and chemicals; and, by God, he would let his hair air dry and fall in his face. “Fuck them,” he muttered, rubbing shampoo into his scalp a little more forcefully than was strictly necessary. He paused after stepping out of the shower, hearing the sound of his front door opening. His fingers tightened on the edge of his towel; he relaxed slightly when he recognized Phasma’s voice, and his father’s. Hux peeked out into his bedroom and saw Millicent seated on the bed, staring expectantly at him. Phasma would have brought some treats for the cat, but Millicent was willing to wait for her human. “All right, all right,” he said to her before quickly drying himself. He pulled on a fresh pair of boxer briefs and stood staring at his dresser for a few moments. As much as he wanted to dress for dinner, he was still tired. He settled on a pair of comfy, but neat, flannel pajama bottoms and a long-sleeved navy t-shirt. “Come on, Millicent,” he said, lifting the cat into his arms. She squirmed until her chin rested on his shoulder, settling in for the ride. He paused at the doorway to the kitchen, listening to the conversation inside. “On getting through this. On showing everyone they were wrong to toss him aside. To ever doubt him,” Phasma said. She sounded quietly angry on his behalf. “I got a call today. The investigators want to set up an interview,” he heard his father reply. Hux sighed and stepped into the doorway. “It’s not an interview; it’s an interrogation,” he said. Phasma and his father both looked at him, shock on their faces. He took a quiet pride in the fact that he had managed to sneak up on two of the most capable soldiers he knew. “How are you feeling, son?” Brendol asked as he walked over to Hux. Hux just had time to set Millicent down before he was wrapped up in a warm, all-encompassing hug. He let himself relax into the embrace; ever since he was a child, his father’s bear hugs were one of the most comforting things in the world. Today, his need for that comfort hurt. “Oh, my lad,” Brendol said. Hux gave his father a final squeeze before stepping back. “Phasma,” he said, nodding to his friend. “Hux. Have you taken your pain pills today?” she asked him. He fought the urge to toy with the hem of his shirt. “I took them this morning before going out. But with all the activity and then Rey being here when I got home, I forgot to take them before lying down for a nap.” “Hmmm…” she said, walking to the refrigerator. “Then I suppose you can have this,” she said, handing him a bottle of beer. “Bless you. Where is my Viva?” Hux asked, fishing a church key out of a kitchen drawer to open his beer. “Who says I brought you Viva?” “Did Rey not have a chance to call you?” “She did. There is Mexican food in your oven, but I made it.” Hux tried not to look disappointed. Phasma was an amazing cook, but he had been craving that salsa. “Oh, put that pout away. I think I’ve managed to reverse-engineer the salsa,” she said, taking the container out of the fridge. Brendol busied himself getting plates and utensils out. “No way,” Hux said, his eyes lighting up. “You doubt my skills?” Phasma asked. “No. Never. Not even on a dare.” Phasma snorted and slid the container across the island to him. Hux opened it and took a deep breath. The aroma of the spices assaulted his nose, causing him to sigh in pleasure. “Yes,” he whispered. “You haven’t even tasted it,” Brendol said. “The nose knows,” Hux replied, reaching for a spoon. Phasma smacked his hand. “You will not eat that like it’s soup.” Hux narrowed his eyes at her. “I’m wounded.” “I’ll give you wounded,” she muttered as she took the container from him. Hux huffed a laugh and settled onto one of the island’s stools. “Oh, sorry, Da. We can move to the dining room if you’d prefer?” “Are you implying that I am too old to sit on a glorified bar stool?” Brendol asked, his voice fondly gruff. Hux smiled. “Well, it would seem that, despite my injuries, I have managed to get both feet into my mouth tonight.” There was a quiet moment before Phasma and Brendol started laughing. “Much better,” Hux said, before taking a drink of his beer. “And as I am injured, I expect the two of you to serve me.” Phasma snorted, but finished dishing out their plates. “Careful, sir, it’s spicy,” she warned Brendol as she held out the salsa to him. Brendol waved her off. “I’m fine. Let Armitage make a glutton of himself. He could clearly use it.” Part of Hux wanted to be offended by his father’s remark; but he knew it came from a loving place, and it would be stupid to refuse extra portions of the salsa. He would not, however, stoop to making grabby hands at Phasma as she held the container of salsa just out of his reach. Phasma relented and gave him the container without helping herself to any. “I worked on that for a week,” she said, watching him spoon the salsa onto his tacos. “Did you try it yourself?” he asked. “Not until after I tested it on a couple of sous chefs and Olivia’s nemesis.” “Your girlfriend has a nemesis?” Hux asked. “Well, that’s how she refers to him.” “Hang on,” Hux said, lifting the taco. He devoured it, making happy noises as the flavors exploded on his tongue. Phasma stared at him as he reached for his drink, absently licking the salsa off his thumb. “What?” he asked. She turned to Brendol, who was eating with far less gusto. “I am sorry that I facilitated you having to hear what I can only assume were a reasonable facsimile of your son’s sex noises.” Brendol laughed. “Oh, my dear. We lived in base housing with thin walls for much of his adolescence. It’s nothing I haven’t heard before.” Hux choked on his beer. “Jesus, Da!” Brendol smiled and rubbed his son’s back. It was good to see Armitage behaving like a regular person. He’d been holding himself back too much for his father’s liking since he’d gotten out of the hospital. “The salsa passes muster, then?” Phasma asked. “I may demand a weekly supply.” “As long as you keep doing your workouts and therapy.” “Out of the military and still a taskmaster,” Hux laughed. “I find there’s a lot of crossover between grunts and kitchen staff.” “I hear your restaurant is still the talk of the town,” Brendol said. Phasma’s smile was sharp. “I have a waiting list every night for the next six months.” “And she still takes time to make me salsa,” Hux said, lifting another taco. “Well, it was fun watching Kylo turn red. I think it may have been a little too hot for him,” Phasma said. “Is Kylo O’s nemesis?” Hux asked. “Don’t talk with your mouth full,” Brendol scolded. “And call the young lady by her name.” “Olivia doesn’t mind him calling her O. She feels it means she’s accepted,” Phasma explained. Hux paused with a chip piled with salsa halfway to his mouth. “Of course I accept her. She makes you happy.” Phasma blushed. “You sap.” “You’re the one blushing,” Hux said, shrugging. “Eat your dinner.” ***** “It’s nice to see Phasma so happy,” Brendol said later that evening, after Phasma had left. He and Hux were relaxing in Hux’s living room. “Mm hm,” Hux replied, scratching between Millicent’s ears. “I’d like to see you that happy.” Hux paused and looked at his father. “I think happy may still be a long way off for me.” “So long as you don’t give up.” “Ah,” Hux said, sharply. “What?” “You think I should agree to the interrogation.” “It’s an interview, Armitage,” Brendol corrected. “They think I broke under interrogation and betrayed my men. They think I am responsible for the destruction of the base and the deaths of a dozen men. They call me Starkiller !” he shouted. Millicent yowled and jumped off his lap. “Dammit,” he muttered, burying his hands in his hair. Brendol moved to sit beside his son, gently placing his hand on Hux’s knee. “But you didn’t.” “They never even asked,” Hux whispered. “When they came to the hospital, they never asked me what happened. They came in and started asking why I had done it and what other information I had given up. Even if my jaw hadn’t been wired shut, I wouldn’t have answered them.” “I’m sorry, son.” “My whole life,” Hux gasped, tears starting to fall. “My whole life I’ve been loyal. And they paint me traitor without a thought.” Notes: I have added the slow burn tag. They will finally meet in the next chapter, I promise. Notes: I've been sitting on this for a while. I was nervous about posting in such a popular pairing, but everyone I've interacted with in the Kylux fandom has been so awesome, I finally found my bravery pants. Work and chapter titles come from a lovely list of emotions people feel, but can't explain. Feel free to drop by my tumblr (@lyssawrotethat) and squee at me over kylux!