Disclaimer : I own Star Wars - on DVD and Blu-ray. Author's Notes : I honestly don't even know where to start with this. I've been tossing around ideas in my head for months now and December 15th, 2017 is just too damn far away and this is one of my creative outlets. If I'm going to continue being honest, I was completely smashed when writing the first chapter. I woke up the next morning with a hangover and thought, "What the hell is this? Oh, yeah. I forgot I started writing some stupid Star Wars fanfic after downing a whole bottle of wine," and I read it and thought, "This is pretty decent." Then I was inspired and continued it while sober (some of the time…). I try my absolute hardest to make the characters as in-character and in-depth as possible. Whether it's their internal struggles, thoughts, interactions with others, etc. I will sit and think about a conversation between two characters for forever and pick it apart. 'Will so-and-so react in this way if so-and-so says/does this?'. I'm a tad obsessive over my work and I hope that you'll enjoy my writing style. I enjoy using fragment sentences for the sake of art. One last thing - I love Star Wars, like you. Do I know everything about the Star Wars universe? No. I don't even know how many presidents America has had without Googling it, if that tells you anything. You're allowed to tell me when I've made a mess-up, but I will probably keep it that way. Mostly because I'm a stubborn pain in the ass. :) Enjoy. Covered in the Grey Chapter One One look. One look toward a face. Zealous. Beautiful, ambitious, determined. Purple tinted snow spiraling out of control and landing on her eyelashes. One look toward his face was all it took. Internal chaos. Buzzing, crackling energy. Energy slowly brimming over, like an over-flowing cup. The Force. Focusing her. Whispering to her. Caressing her with it's unbridled promises of power. Jealous. Raging, torrential, relentless. Sopping inky tendrils of hair whipping wildly out of control over his eyes. One look toward her face was all it took. It was ripping a hole in his chest and filling it with the immoderate emotion. Clenched jaw, flaring nostrils, twitching eyebrows. The psychological chaos was indeed real. Energy that was similar to a severe thirst that could never be fully quenched. The Force. Commanding him. Leering at him. Counterfeit claims of glory. One look toward the face of a stranger was all it took. Everything was grey and it was stupefying and ridiculous. Who knew such a bland shade could be so beautiful? It really shouldn't be; not when it was compared to all of the other colors on the spectrum. Grey was usually associated with darker commodities; metals, stones, old age, death. Grey was a shade in between white and black, light and dark, which was not supposed to be anything spectacular. In this place - in this state of being - grey was alluring. Grey was breathtaking. Grey was consuming . Grey was covering her and permeating her bones with its shade. Then seeing the yellow-orange hues slowly break through the grey mist over the ocean made the exposure to her surroundings even more real. A sharp gasp and then a brackish taste on the tongue. She could smell the salt - taste it. The cool breeze was thick from it. It reminded her of perspiration. Perspiration sneaking into her eyes as she peered into the skeleton of a downed wreckage. Perspiration dripping from the tip of her nose as she scrubbed the day's salvage clean. Perspiration pooling down her spine to the small of her back as she was swindled out of a fair deal for portions. She wasn't so sure if she particularly cared for salt. Brown hair blew across green-brown eyes that were fixated on a new sunrise. She reached her hand up to let the spectacular colors filter through her digits. She let loose an exhilarated sigh. She'd seen sunrises before, but this was her first sunrise to witness off of Jakku. This was her first sunrise of her new life. Her first sunrise as a Jedi apprentice. She amused herself with the thought that it was beautifully symbolic and let her mouth give way to a sardonic smirk. Rey began fidgeting with the stray threads of her tunic as more yellows and oranges and reds began to paint the waves of the ocean. This anticipation was excessive, she knew. In her mind, it marked the beginning of her beginning. Today was her first day of training with the myth himself, Luke Skywalker. For a scavenger girl, after living her life with the only thing to look forward to each day was finding something that was worth more than one-half portion…well, you could say that training with Luke was the epitome of something to look forward to. It brought meaning to her previously insignificant existence. It gave her a reason to see more sunrises without the intent of waking up early to find parts to trade in for protein. The thought of training brought on the thoughts of the reasons for it. She hadn't known who he was at the time of her abduction, and she still wasn't even quite sure she knew who he was even after she was told. She couldn't comprehend…couldn't fathom that he was their son - their child . It had sent her mind reeling. He killed his own father. Impaled him. Transfixed him to that monstrous lightsaber. Not trying to sound too morbid or ironic to herself after playing out what had happened in her head, but she would have killed to have a father. A mother. A family. An origin. He was a someone who came from a somewhere who had a family tree. She envisioned that once upon a time ago, they were happy. Her nails involuntarily dug into the dewy grass and clumped into the damp soil with tamed jealousy. He threw it all away and they had turned grey. Han had turned grey. Leia had turned grey. Luke had turned grey. They had all turned to smoke; former shells of their old selves. Granted, old age does turn a person grey but this was a different kind of shade. This was the kind of grey that she didn't like. This was the kind of grey that heartbreak looks like. This was the kind of grey that had stayed settled in her heart from being alone for so long. The dark side of the Force. It disturbed her. What kind of power - promises - did it offer? Where a son would end up cutting down his own father? She couldn't envision it…couldn't comprehend it. The dark side of the Force…was it that powerful? Was it so intoxicating, that it made a young man fell his own flesh and blood? If it could make Ben Solo turn against his own father, what could it do to her? A young woman with no family, no ties? She shook her head and decided to not think upon it any longer. She thought of his face. Remembering the looks he had given after her refusal. Unfortunately, spending most of her life dealing with mechanisms and parts had made her rather inept at identifying uncommon facial expressions in humans. She had had a difficult time deciphering them at the time, though she hadn't really put that much effort into it. He needed that grotesque mask. He let his emotions splay all over his face with little to no self control. He probably wouldn't be that frightening to his victims if they could visibly see his internal struggles waging war across his features. She hoped to never look toward his face again. It would be easier to defeat him if she could think of him as not human. Taking the clumps of soil and grass in her hands, she half-heartedly tossed it toward the edge of the cliff and watched the breeze try and claim it as its own. She looked at the grime underneath her chipped fingernails for a moment and then raised her eyes to the finishing sunrise. The grey was gone now. In that moment, Rey decided that seeing grey meant that she was alive. Everything was grey and it was stifling and obnoxious. It was a revolting shade. It was offensive . It was impossible to breathe in this industrial atmosphere. The metallic hues were sickening to him. Grey was the duracrete walls. Grey was the smoke from a burning building. Grey was the sky above him as he waited to expire in the snow. Grey was the life draining out of hopeful brown eyes in front of him in his memory. There was a sudden shudder. Now grey was taking him over, claiming him. Grey was unbearable. Grey was pain . He used pain - both physical and emotional. He was no stranger to it. Pain cradled him close to its metaphorical bosom as he rode out the tremors of rage and guilt that were currently threatening to envelop him. There was no peace; he knew that to be a lie. He was doomed the moment they had sent him away, he mused. He thought bitterly of happier times, the times he was where he belonged…with his family. Life hadn't been perfect back then but it had been tolerable. It was as close to normalcy as he was going to get and he never recalled complaining. That was before he showed signs of his mystical inheritance. At first, he had been interested in it like most boys would be. Using the force to do juvenile things. Lift sweets off of the top shelf that he was too short to reach or hide an object behind his back while showing both of his palms to the unsuspecting victim in good humor. It wasn't long before his parents started to discuss sending him away to train. He had enjoyed being around his uncle at that age but he enjoyed him as his uncle, not as his teacher. He hadn't wanted to go live with him and be away from his mother and father. He had loved them and they abandoned him to live up to expectations he had no desire fulfilling. They thought they were doing what was best for him, his uncle had said. He felt betrayed. Cast aside. Forgotten. This is where the internal pain came into play. One more guilt-ridden thought of those brown eyes filling and brimming over the cusp with grey… There was a sudden beeping sound coming from equipment nearby that jarred him from his thoughts. A male medic with tan skin and sandy hair rushed into the room to attend to the machine. He considered the machine for a moment and then pushed several buttons. The medic said nothing as he checked the patient over, and the indifferent patient preferred it that way. There was a tube with an opaque liquid running from a hanging plastic bag nearby that trailed into a vein in his left arm. There were various white bandages that stretched from his right shoulder to his face that the medic worked on changing. The sterile bedding became clenched in his fists as he looked straight ahead and ignored the medic as best as he could manage. Even though she was technically the one who had caused the damage, he was more angry with himself than with her. He was livid with himself for opening up in a moment of weakness. His master had been correct in assuming it had been his weakness that had made him fail. There were several long moments of weakness that had lead to mistakes that day. One right after another. His first mistake had been taking the girl with him instead of finding the droid. He had been so used to just taking the information that he wanted from people. The only problem is that she had not been just a person . Of course, it had been her . He took a controlled breath as the medic finished bandaging him and left the room without a word. He had seen it. Her life. Her loneliness. Her grey. Her desperation for a place to belong - for her family. In that moment, he was jealous of her. Jealous, because his life now would be so much easier if he had had her life to begin with. No family. No humiliating last name. No conflicting emotions. No feeling the call to the light. No ties. He entertained the thought that if they had been switched at birth that they'd both have what the wanted. He was also jealous for another reason. She had more reason to embrace the dark side of the force than he did, from the fleeting glimpse he saw in her mind. Her sense of abandonment and suffering was greater than his; he was not too stubborn to admit this to himself. So how was she able to resist the temptation, where he had not? He had seen the feral look on her face, hovering over him as he lay defenseless in the snow. She was coming in to kill her prey, but had stopped. He had momentarily used the gaping fissure that had appeared between them as the reason why she hadn't ended him then and there; but no, he had known the real reason. She had been able to restrain herself from the darkness. She was much more powerful than she even realized. His nostrils flared and his jaw clenched. The feelings of jealousy had brought on the unwarranted feeling of rejection. Rejection from his parents. Rejection from his uncle. Rejection from her. He wasn't expecting her to accept his proposition, but he had still held fast to realistic hope. It was a dangerous thought, but it mildly comforted him to know it wasn't just him anymore. He hadn't known and still didn't know what her agenda with the traitorous rebels was, but he had a sneaking suspicion that his uncle would have some sort of involvement where she was concerned. His eyes focused on the grey duracrete wall in front of him. He knew it was juvenile, but he didn't want that old man training her. He didn't want anyone training her. He didn't want her showing her respect to his uncle; he wanted her to respect him . If she was who he thought she was…he didn't want to consider the notion. She was too dangerous to the First Order. She was too dangerous to him and everything he's worked so hard to achieve in his grandfather's name. She was newly awakened to her powers, so he had enough time to intervene. He knew what he needed to do. He knew that viewing her as an insignificant scavenger from Jakku would make it effortless to utterly ruin her, otherwise it would be impossible. She wasn't white and she wasn't black. She was grey. In that moment, Kylo Ren decided that seeing grey meant that he was alive. Everything was cold, but it was a comforting kind of cold. Similar to when you have a beautiful sun that is free of extreme solar radiation on your face, but the air is crisp and fresh like a peaceful winter. Inhale. Exhale. It was refreshing and calm. There was darkness at first but then his eyes slowly opened to let the harsh artificial light assail his pupils. A quick hiss escaped between his teeth as he tried to acclimate to his surroundings. He realized that he was lying down on a thin mattress on his back. On his back. His back . Finn's eyes snapped open, suddenly forgetting the light. Rey . He scrambled around in hysterics to get off of the cot, knocking steel medical equipment onto the floor with clanging sounds echoing off of the walls. His legs felt like a gelatinous mess, which caused him to collapse to the floor and unintentionally knock around some of the equipment that had fallen. He pawed his way to the cot and pulled himself up to his forearms, panting desperately. His eyes were wild now; almost as if his battle with Kylo Ren had never ceased; as if he had just merely blinked and was expecting him to come at him at any moment. As he attempted to pull himself up more, he felt a hindrance. He wasted no time in tearing the wires that were taped to his temples. He needed to find Rey. Rey . How had he survived? Did help come? He remembered the pain searing up his back and into his flesh and bones. Then there was black. She had been knocked unconscious. Did he kidnap her again? Did he kill her? The sudden onslaught of nausea was too much to handle in his current state. He retched bile all over the linens. Heaved and heaved until the crevice of his abdomen was dry. No. Not Rey. Finn was so preoccupied with his thoughts and hysteria that he didn't notice the beeping that came from the machinery after he had torn off the wires. Two medics rushed in and took only three seconds to soak in the bewildering sight of a completely savage looking Finn. The woman went to work to start cleaning up the mess he'd made, while the man tried to get Finn to calm down. It wasn't working. They called for reinforcements to help - any familiar face. Moments later, Poe Dameron came rushing in to assist. A look toward a familiar face was all it took. Finn immediately calmed…slightly. "Finn! You're awake!" "Rey," Finn croaked weakly. He needed water. "Poe. Where's Rey!?" "Whoa! It's okay, buddy! She's safe! She's safe," Poe rushed out. Finn had been holding himself up by using a wall and pure adrenaline. Now that the adrenaline had worn off at knowing Rey was safe, he collapsed again. Poe rushed over to him to help bring him up. "I changed the bedding. It's all good for him to go and lay back down now," the female medic explained. Poe nodded his thanks in response. Finn's eyes looked a little less wild as Poe led him back to the cot and helped him lay back down. "You need to rest. You're pretty much all healed up but the surgery was extensive, from what I understand. A few more treatments of bacta and you should be good to go," Poe informed Finn. "Yes. You're extremely fortunate to be alive." Finn and Poe both turned their eyes to the entryway. General Organa approached them with a soft, but stressed look. "I apologize. I would have been in here sooner, but I'm afraid I'm not as quick as I used to be," she gave a pointed look to Poe, to which Poe gave a sheepish grin. She turned her attention back to Finn. "Finn. I cannot express my gratitude enough. You helped save us. Not just here at the base. You saved the entire Ileenium system. If you hadn't helped us, we'd be dead. We're all indebted to you." Finn looked at her and furrowed his brows in thought and blinked several times, then looked away from her to stare at the ceiling. His expression hardened. "I couldn't save all of them." The implied meaning behind his words had caught Leia and Poe off guard. Poe's eyes widened slightly and then his gaze shifted toward a spot on the floor, lost in thought. Leia had a similar reaction, but kept her eyes trained on Finn's profile. She took a calculated breath. "No. You couldn't save them all," Leia replied harshly. Poe and Finn's eyes snapped to hers in shock. She continued as her face softened slightly. "You're just one person, Finn. How was a single person supposed to stop deaths from happening? No one could have accomplished such a feat. No one blames you for anything." She leaned in closer. Her eyes narrowed and danced with unshed tears. "And if I had the option to go back and change things that had happened, I wouldn't. Because if I did, we may not be here to have this conversation." General Organa straightened back up and her eyes were no longer teary, but hardened with resolve. Poe was looking on with what looked like pride and Finn had his mouth hanging open. He realized this and shut it, nodding his head in understanding. He remembered Rey. "Where is she? I want to see her." Poe and Leia exchanged a trepid look. Finn frowned slightly at the exchange and pointedly looked at Leia, expecting an answer. "She went to find Luke," she said. Finn felt his shoulders sag. He closed his eyes and let out his breath. He felt relieved because he knew she was alive. He also felt relieved because she didn't go back to Jakku. But he felt…what emotion was this? He was familiar with sadness, but this was different. It almost felt as if something was displaced. Finn suddenly realized what it was. He missed her. He'd never missed a person before. He was having lots of firsts lately. Many firsts that normal people take for granted. It was foreign. Foreign, but nice. It made him feel like he was not just alive, but living. "I want to go, too," he said after a few moments of deep thought. Leia shook her head. "That won't be possible. I'm sorry." "I'm going after her," he said defiantly. Leia gave him a withered look and Poe shifted his weight nervously from one foot to the other. "You don't understand. You cannot go after her right now," Leia insisted. General Organa wasted no time beating around the theoretical bush. "Rey is not just going to find Luke. She is going to convince Luke to train her." He was so confused. He didn't think his frown could get any deeper. Why would she be doing that? It made no sense. Luke Skywalker was the last Jedi. From what he understood of Jedi, they trained students that had the force. They trained them. "You have got to be kidding me," he said. There was no way. But the look on Poe's face left no room for doubt. "Think about it, Finn. Why do you think she's so adept with machinery and piloting? How do you think she was able to escape from Starkiller base? How do you think she bested Kylo Ren in a lightsaber battle?" Poe said with a touch of admiration in his voice. Finn thought about it. Really thought about it. And he decided he didn't know what to think. It shocked him, no doubt about that. But how did he feel about it? Growing up as a stormtrooper, it was hard to get rid of the whole 'seeing is believing' concept on life. Rey was his first friend. Sure, he'd met Poe first and developed a brotherly camaraderie, but he'd formed a relationship and attachment to Rey. Whatever that relationship was, he did not know. And he did not care. Rey was his friend and he decided that's all that mattered. He took a rough swallow. "Okay. But that still doesn't explain why I can't follow after her." "Jedi training requires intense focus. She doesn't need any distractions, and please don't be offended by this but you'd be a distraction for her," Leia was blunt. "She is safe. Chewie and Artoo went with her, so she is not alone." Finn visibly relaxed at the mention of Chewie being with her. Big temperamental fur ball that he was. His head was reeling from all of this new information. Poe and Leia noticed. "We'll let you get back to resting now that you've settled back down. From what I understand, the head medic said you'd be discharged in a few days. I know it's hard to sit still when you feel like you should be doing something else, but please take these days to recover fully. I'm going to need you at your best. If you plan on staying, of course," at this comment, Leia raised a hopeful eyebrow toward Finn. Finn swallowed and gave a tentative nod. He would stay and wait for Rey. "I was hoping you'd stay. You know so much that would help us and we'd appreciate anything you'd be able to help with," she looked over to Poe, who seemed lost in thought, "I think we should go and let him rest now. And we should retire, ourselves. It's late." Leia nodded in Finn's direction before leaving the room. Poe lingered in the doorway for a moment longer before saying, "Glad to have you with us, Finn." "Me, too," he replied and Poe gave a wide grin and was gone. Finn settled into the cot a little more. His back felt…normal. It felt just slightly limited and sore but he couldn't complain. He was alive. A new life to start. A life with meaning. He had finally noticed the bottle of water one of the medics had left. He drank it down as he was left to his thoughts and rest. Author's Note: I hope you enjoyed it. I was inebriated the entire chapter. I did proof-read it while sober, though. Chapter 2 : Chapter Two Author's Note : This chapter is a bit shorter than the first one. It was longer, but I took out parts that I felt would be better for the next chapter. Anyway, here's chapter two. Enjoy. Covered in the Grey Chapter Two Everything was quiet and the solitude was peaceful. Solitude was the ideal setting for deep thought and meditation, and Luke Skywalker was in dire need of it. He had felt their presence as soon as they broke through the planet's atmosphere. He had recognized Chewbacca's life force, so he knew that the unknown life force accompanying the Wookiee wasn't malignant. He had needed time. Time to adjust to the shock of it all. The shock of being found. The shock of his sweet solitude coming to an end. The shock of his dear friend's death. Before, he had half-heartedly cursed the ancient Order of Jedi for building so many damn stairs on Ahch-To. Now, he was grateful for the delay the stairs had caused his visitors. He had needed the temporary reprieve to collect his thoughts. He had found that even after he thought that he was ready, he was indeed not. He realized this as soon as turned around and saw her. He had held it together so well and it had come crashing down around him as soon as she had outstretched his lightsaber in his direction. He smiled at the memory now. He had not been expecting that at all. He had sensed the Force swirling all around her in a beautiful chaos in that moment. Her raw power had been overwhelming. The last time he had sensed the Force in someone like that was… no . He shook the thought from his head and smiled wryly as his thoughts shifted to his twin. Leia . His calculating and crafty sister. She knew he would be more likely to stay out of business if she herself had come to retrieve him; but she knew he would have a more difficult time withstanding this special Force sensitive child that reminded him so much of himself. The poor girl probably had no idea that's why she was sent to finish the mission of finding the infamous Luke Skywalker. Leia was more like their father than she would ever be willing to admit. Luke's closed eyes twitched as his thoughts changed their course again. Vader . Darth Vader had initially symbolized death and destruction for Luke. Then he'd symbolized renewed life and hope. But now…now the thought of his father only brought acute sadness. For now his nephew idolized his grandfather in the worst way possible. There had been so many good qualities about Anakin Skywalker and Ben Solo had only chosen the ones after his father's fall to the dark side: the ones that brought power and respect. His nephew had always had a difficult time garnering respect from his peers and elders, due to his lineage. Sadly enough, it wasn't the Skywalker side; it was the Solo side. His parents were widely known and his last name was not common. Luke knew of the snide remarks of low expectations set for Ben because of his last name. Luke knew Han well enough to know none of the negative things said were true. Well, two or three may have held some hint of truth to them . Ben had been tired of hearing the same generic saying: the apple doesn't fall far from the tree. Luke knew this had been the final pull Ben needed to fall off of the precipice and into the dark. And it had been entirely his fault. Luke knew it bothered Ben; being treated unfairly. He had just never known it was enough to make him feel like he needed to seek an ungodly amount of dark power in order to harness the respect he so desired from every living soul. He had begun resenting his father soon after arriving to train as a Jedi. Ben had unfairly put most of the blame of his abandonment issues squarely on Han's shoulders. It had been a slippery slope after that. Of course, that miserable cretin was the main soul to blame in all of this. Everyone has their internal struggles and familial issues, but not everyone has a sinister whisper gently caressing the inside of their skull toward darkness. Whispering promises of power. Promises of respect. Respect . The one thing a young Ben Solo had craved more than anything. The thought of Snoke invading his nephew's mind and twisting it, molding it, shaping it to his own dark desires made him…made him want to… The sound of grinding metal hauled him from his thoughts. He exhaled shakily. He hadn't realized he'd been crushing the fist on his prosthetic arm into the smooth ground of the domed hut he was in. He relaxed and stole a breath from the air. Inhale. Exhale. There is no emotion, there is only peace . Luke opened his eyes and gazed out at the oncoming sunrise. He sighed and arose, dusting the back of his robes. He looked down at his palms and flexed them precariously. Today was his first day teaching again. He had agreed to teach her but he had his doubts. Not of her. Of himself. Of failing. Again . He continued staring at his palms then dropped them to his sides and his expression hardened with resolve. No. There was no time for doubts, no time for second guessing. Enough lives have been snuffed out due to this elusive, power hungry tyrant. Now, it was time for action. He wasn't sure what fate held for his nephew and it broke his heart not knowing. Unfortunately, there was no time to dwell. He lowered his head to exit the hut and left his heartbreak behind him. There is no emotion, there is only peace . Easier said than done. Panic was an emotion, right? Rey was currently experiencing panic and it was most definitely not peaceful. "You need to focus on your surroundings; not your fear of possible outcomes," Luke shouted to her over the wind. He was watching her struggle on keeping balance in her precarious handstand near the edge of the cliff. The wind and her rational fear were not playing nicely today. "Oh, I believe I'm perfectly aware of my surroundings right now, Master," Rey shouted back. She was beginning to wonder why he'd asked her to keep a handstand for as long as she could. It had seemed like a simple request; an easy request, if anything. But no. He had pointed toward a drop-off that had jagged pinnacles playing peek-a-boo in the waves, waiting to claim and maim her at the bottom. Of course . "No. You are aware of what is currently happening; that does not mean that you are aware of your surroundings ," he replied. If Rey didn't know any better, she'd have sworn that his statement held a cryptic message. A strong gust of wind came at her back and almost sent her over the edge but she caught herself. I'm not aware of my surroundings? She thought for a moment . The Force? She still wasn't sure how to harness the energy. She found focusing and being confident with herself seemed to have adequate results. Taking one last look at her Master before her potential ultimate demise, Rey closed her eyes. She focused. She cast out all doubt. Instead of just living in the moment, she was experiencing it. She could feel every zephyr, every gust, every gale. Rey wasn't using the force to control the wind; she was using the force to anticipate when and where it would blow. She found her body tensing and leaning against where the blows were hitting her in perfect rhythm. It made her feel as if she weren't currently on the edge of definite death - she was on the cusp of indisputable life. There is no emotion, there is only peace. Rey stayed that way for a while and wasn't sure how long she'd been balancing when she felt a cool wetness seeping into her clothes. "We're done for now. Let's rest and eat," Luke said, walking away and fully snapping her out of her reverie. Rey switched back to a standing position with fluid ease. Luke was a small distance away before he realized that Rey wasn't following him. He turned around and saw her catching raindrops on her hands, head turned upward to the grey sky in wonder. Oh. He could relate, having lived on a desert planet as a moisture farmer for most of his life. She looked like a child right now and she had no idea who she was. It made him feel a renewed sense of hope - maybe he really could do this, to make up for all of his past mistakes. Luke didn't know Rey very well yet, but she seemed so… good. Rough around the edges from her life, but still good. Thankfully, her rough upbringing hadn't tainted her. But if she was who he thought she was…it would have been impossible to ruin her. The increase of rainfall brought him out of his thoughts and he pulled his hood on. "Rey," Luke called and she gave him her attention, "I have dried fish inside that I'd like to eat and you're more than welcome to have some; unless you'd rather stay out here and drown, of course." Luke finished with amusement in his voice. Rey tried her best to look indignant, but ended up giving a smile that scrunched up her nose. "Sorry," she said and she bounded down to walk beside him, "don't see rain much, having lived on Jakku and all. Yes, I'd like some dried fish very much." Luke turned his gaze from her to look to the cluster of domed buildings that they were walking toward. There was smoke billowing from the top of one of them. This time, Luke smiled a full smile. A real smile. "Good. Let's just hope that Chewie hasn't eaten everything." Kylo Ren was being driven mad. He was becoming unhinged. He was typically a patient man when he knew he'd eventually get what he desired, but not knowing was driving him insane. It felt similar to when he was searching for the map to Luke Skywalker, but this insanity was of the most acute kind. It was bordering on desperation and he was somewhat ashamed of it. He knew she'd already started her training several weeks ago. Ren didn't know why but he could sense it. She was growing stronger every single day. Ren was absently staring at special force TIE fighters running drills out of a large window. He then tried honing in on their movements to keep distracted. He tightened his fists in quieted rage. It wasn't working. Snoke has been keeping him rather occupied with his training, but it was difficult to push the infernal girl from his mind when she was one of the reasons why he was training so hard. He was training both physically and mentally and excelling fantastically. Even Snoke has been impressed with his progress, but that's not why he's been pushing himself. He hasn't been seeking his Master's approval over this. This absolute ambition has come from within. Ren almost felt like…he needed to prove himself to her . Oh, stars, did he hate her. Hated her with the white hot intensity of a supernova. She caused so many conflicting and questionable emotions in him. He wanted to impress her and garner her respect and then he wanted to annihilate her simultaneously. He practiced breathing exercises and flexed all of his fingers until he calmed. A curt voice suddenly jarred him from his thoughts. "Kylo Ren, sir. We've received the intel you had requested on the ancient tomes," stated a uniformed officer that tried his best to not appear completely stricken with fear. Ren was famous for his temper tantrums. This information seemed to catch Ren's attention. "It seems as if they're located on Coruscant. We believe they may be in the old Galactic Senate Building." There was a long moment of uncertain silence and the officer was visibly tense. Finally, Ren spoke, his voice mechanical through an exact copy of his old mask. "Good. Send a small squadron of ground troops to Coruscant to gather more intel to make sure the location is true. Give orders for discretion; I do not need the tomes to be destroyed or go missing once someone finds out that the First Order is looking for them. Send them without the usual Stormtrooper gear." The officer blinked several times and swallowed. "But, sir. If they don't have their gear, they'll be-" "Do you require for me to repeat myself, officer ?" Kylo Ren said in a dangerous tone. "No, sir." "Good. We have other gear that will be more than adequate. If not, be resourceful," he said in an indifferent tone and stalked away, leaving the quaking officer behind him. Author's Note : I hope you enjoyed it. Thank you for the kudos so far! Chapter 3 : Chapter Three Author's Notes : I apologize if you find any typos. I was only able to proof read it all the way through just once. I hope you enjoy reading this chapter. I'll be busy memorizing probability equations for my Statistics class. :( Covered in the Grey Chapter Three Rey stood on a boulder as her eyes scanned over her surroundings. Ahch-To was beautiful today. The sky was a beautiful blue, the ocean surrounding them was breaking in beautiful waves, and the rolling grass was a beautiful green. Rey was in one of the most amazing moods she had ever been in in her entire life. Moods really did change how you perceived your surroundings, she realized. She felt so free . She knew that she probably looked like a child again, as Master Luke has mentioned several times before. She knew he meant it in an endearing way, so she didn't let it bother her. She didn't care at the moment. Everything felt amazing. Not feeling extreme hunger or thirst felt amazing. Being able to sleep without leaving one eye open felt amazing. Not feeling hot sand seep into her shoes and in between her toes felt amazing. Rey decided that once a person was allowed to live, that life was truly amazing. She refused to give it up now. "Rey," Luke called from a short distance away. Rey averted her gaze from her surroundings and to her comrades. Luke, Chewbacca and Artoo were waiting for her. Luke had moved on from lightsaber training to controlling objects with the Force. She had excelled as much as she possibly could with how little time she was given. When Luke had told her she had a rather quick and roguish fighting style, she felt embarrassed. He had been quick to tell her that he viewed it as a good thing, since Snoke and Kylo Ren would be used to a more refined fighting style and that she might surprise them and throw them off. He said that she should use it to her advantage. It made her feel only a little bit better. Luke had howled with laughter when Chewbacca said that they would never expect her to scale a wall or to bite them like a wild animal. She remembered how red her face had felt. She jumped down from the boulder and jogged over to them. "We have some troubling news. It seems as if our time on Ahch-To is coming to an end sooner than expected," Luke started, looking rather grim. This worried Rey. "I had hoped that since the First Order suffered such a catastrophic loss with Starkiller Base that it would buy us more time. It seems as if I was wrong. My sister sent an encrypted message to the Millennium Falcon a short while ago, and Artoo deciphered it for us. It seems as if the Resistance is in need of a couple of Jedi." Luke finished, his eyes had a dull sparkle to them for a split second before it disappeared. Rey was quiet for several long moments as Luke waited for a response. She knew their time on Ahch-To would be short-lived, but she had been hoping it would last just a bit longer. She felt like she had been working harder these past few weeks than she had in her entire life, yet she felt like she hadn't been working at all. It really had to be her surroundings, she thought. Or maybe because I'm not alone anymore . "Are they in danger?" Rey asked. Luke shook his head once. "Life-threatening? No, not at the moment. Leia didn't give me the full details, but it sounds like she needs us for a very…sensitive mission, I daresay. I'm assuming it's a mission that a typical person would have a difficult time completing," Luke finished, leaving a silent question hanging in the air that Rey heard all too clearly: Will you join us? Rey considered what Luke had said. She would be lying if she said she wasn't a wee bit terrified. Everyone had told her from the very beginning that she wasn't obligated to do anything, that she didn't owe anyone anything. She knew this to be true. But after spending her life being looked down on as nothing more than the grains of sand that were constantly underneath her nails, she knew she couldn't just sit by and do nothing. Before, only her stomach had relied on her; now the whole galaxy did. It was a humbling experience, to say the least. Rey also had people who genuinely cared about her now. It was something that many people took for granted, but not her. Artoo beeped a query directed toward Rey and it brought her out of her thoughts. She looked at the little astromech droid and smiled. Are you coming or not? is what it loosely translated to. She'd wasn't aware that a droid was capable of being so feisty. Rey surmised that one of his drives must have been programmed for it to have a sense of humor. She'd made up her mind. "Well? What do we need to do?" Rey asked Luke. She didn't miss the hopeful look that crossed his face before being replaced by resolve. "First, we need to finish the last part of your training. I have one more technique to teach you. Then after that…" he trailed off. His eyes seemed to glaze over for a moment while he was lost in thought for a brief moment before coming back, "After that, we'll leave for the planet Ilum." Rey's brows furrowed in slight confusion. "Ilum? I've never heard of that planet." Luke gave a somber smile. "I wouldn't think so. It's not a very popular destination anymore and there's not much there. Just snow and ice for miles." "Then why are we going there?" "We're going there first because you won't be able to properly call yourself a Jedi without making your own lightsaber. You're going to go through the rite of passage that a youngling would typically go through," Luke turned rather serious, "You're going to harvest your own kyber crystal." Rey's eyes widened at the information. Her own kyber crystal? Questions. She had questions. She didn't even know where to start. Her brain and her mouth weren't cooperating with each other and she felt like slapping herself after a single word managed to finally slip out. "What?" Luke repeated himself once more. Rey shook her head in an effort to make her thoughts more coherent and became mildly frustrated. "I heard what you said. I just…didn't realize I was able to make my own lightsaber," Rey felt herself getting a bit excited suddenly. Building and taking apart tech was her thing. She was already mapping out blueprints in her head. "Okay, so when do we leave?" Her obvious excitement made Luke chuckle and he waved the back of his hand toward her. "Soon, soon…within the next day or two. Which reminds me," he turned his attention to Chewbacca and Artoo, "We'll need to make preparations. How about while we're training, you two could make sure the Falcon is ready?" Chewbacca let out a series of moans and groans while waving his massive arms around. He seemed agitated. "Don't worry! We're not leaving all of the work to you, Chewie. Rey and I will help when we get back," Luke said, trying to calm the Wookiee down without using Jedi mind tricks. It seemed to work. Chewbacca visibly calmed. Then Artoo beeped something at him, which made Chewbacca throw his arms up in the air again and stomp away. "Be nice, Artoo, or I'm going to put you back into deep sleep mode," Luke warned. Artoo swiveled his optics to face Luke and his beeping fell silent. Rey was trying to not find it at all humorous. "Now go help him." Not a single beep or cheep was heard from Artoo as he turned his rocket boosters on and started after Chewbacca. There is no emotion, there is only peace. Peace. Peace was calm. Peace was pure. Peace was white and it was blinding. It seeped into her pores and cleansed her of any troubling emotion. Her heart: she couldn't just feel it and hear it; she felt like she could see it. It felt like being weighted and being weightless at the same time. She had her eyes closed, yet she could see everything going on around her. Meditation brought on this kind of intense focus that she never knew she was capable of. It was her favorite part of her training. She felt so powerful and so humbled simultaneously. She kept reaching. Reaching for the light. There was always something else there. Something minuscule that she felt anytime she meditated, but it was always out of her grasp. There was no label she could attach to it to describe it accurately. If she wasn't supposed to be feeling peaceful during meditation, she would have felt agitated. Meditation. She was supposed to be meditating and be peaceful, so she stopped trying to reach for it and focused again. It was difficult to focus. So she did something she hadn't done before and threw herself into the light. Rey's eyes flew open and she gasped sharply, as if she'd held her breath the entire time. Luke had been meditating not far from her and he looked at her curiously. "Are you alright?" he asked. Rey nodded. "Yeah. Not sure what happened, but yeah. I'm good." Luke raised both of his eyebrows in curiosity, but said nothing more about it. "Are you ready?" Rey nodded. "Good," he said as he pulled a small knife with a sheath from his pocket. Rey eyed him warily as he unsheathed it. "The final lesson of your training is Force healing. Force healing is the most useful ability to master, in my opinion. Not only does it have the power to stitch together flesh and sinew, but it also has the power to stitch together a person's soul." Rey's eyes snapped from the dagger to his eyes as she let the information soak in. Luke didn't give her long to consider it before he took the dagger and sliced the palm of his hand. Rey let out a horrified gasp. "What are you doing!?" she screeched as she watched the blood start to slowly drip into the grass. Luke didn't answer her. "Pay attention. I don't feel like slitting my hand again because you weren't paying attention," he joked. Of course he makes jokes. He hovered his mechanical hand over his injury and closed his eyes as if he was still meditating. Rey watched him intently and tried to search out any shifts and changes in the Force around him. She was starting to wonder if anything would happen, when something suddenly did. Luke's hovering hand looked as if it was leaking light. There were tendrils weaving in and out, up and down, here and there and everywhere on his injury. Rey was enthralled and decided it was one of the most beautiful things she had ever seen. She felt disappointed when the light seemed to disperse into thin air. Luke opened his eyes and tested his hand. Then he cleaned off the blade with a cloth. "Completely healed. Your turn," he said as he handed the blade to a very reluctant Rey. Rey stared at the knife and then at Luke, who looked expectant. He said nothing. She knew what she needed to do, but inflicting damage on oneself wasn't exactly appealing. She held out her left palm and repositioned the knife in her other hand. She took one last deep breath and made the cut. "Ouch!" There was pain and there was a sticky warmth. Then there was that fight or flight response she always felt when she panicked. The life of a Jakku scavenger. Old habits die hard, she supposed. Focus. Rey closed her eyes. Focus . There is no emotion, there is only peace. Peace again. Calm again. Pureness again. There was the white light again. She couldn't physically see it, but she knew the light was emanated from her hand now. She could feel her skin and tissue mending together. She was focusing on finishing the process when she saw it again, only it was more tangible this time. She felt that if she reached out this time, she'd be able to touch it. Rey reached for the entity with desperation and mentally brushed against it, still unable to fully grasp it. She was feeling agitated again and felt her healing falter. Damn it . She reached for that blinding light again and didn't just dive, but crashed into it. Brilliant heat infused her soul and her being. She felt like she was being burned alive, but felt no pain. She felt so overwhelmed with the sensation, she'd hardly noticed her cut was gone in an instant. She felt everything and nothing at the same time. This is too much. Rey's eyes flutter open. Luke was gaping at her, trying to stupidly form words, but none come. Rey could feel her face turning red again. "The cut is gone. Did I do it wrong?" she asked, rather put-off. Luke wet his lips with his tongue before speaking. "No, no…you did fine," he said, not looking at her, but at the darkening clouds forming far off in the distance. She still had a strong suspicion that he wasn't being completely honest but didn't voice her concerns. He finally turned back to face her after a few moments. "Come. There's something I've been needing to show you." There was controlled tension that hung in the stagnant air of the sister Resistance base. It made breathing rather unsatisfying; similar to trying to suck in crisp air but only getting humidity. This was a good reason why General Organa liked temperate planets best. Alas, in situations like these, beggars definitely could not be choosers. Everyone at the base was calm but not completely relaxed yet. It was a lot of work relocating everyone and everything off of D'Qar to their new base on Espirion. There were little to no First Order sympathizers on this planet, since most of the population were descendants of humans from Alderaan. Of course, there weren't many humans left, since most of them had married into the indigenous Espirion race. The majority of the population consisted of Alder-Espirions now. Thankfully the Alder-Espirions were a very superstitious people, so the Resistance was able to relocate to their back-up base in the forbidden woods, which spanned for miles and miles in all directions. Unfortunately, it was humid. That was her only complaint that she would never voice aloud. Leia was glad to keep busy because being idle left her to her thoughts and she didn't want to think. She just hoped that Luke would come soon like she'd asked him to. She continued looking at read outs on the HoloNet while officers and technicians kept busy around her in the control room, when she heard someone clear their throat behind her. "Excuse me, General." "Yes? What is it?" she asked, turning around. The middle aged man in a simple beige uniform didn't hesitate. "We've been contacted by an outside source that says he's got information that we may be interested in, but…" he trailed off, unsure of how to continue properly. Leia raised her eyebrow. "But…?" "But he's saying he wants compensation," he finished flatly. "Of course he does. Did he specify the topic of the information?" she asked. He nodded once. "Yes," he said. Then he leaned in closer and lowered his voice, "He said he knows where Snoke is." Leia's eyes widened at the information and she wasted no time in giving orders to start finding out what his asking price was and to get back to her. The officer hurried away and started on the task. It had only been about a month since Starkiller base was destroyed and it had crippled the First Order, but not completely obliterating them. She knew they were smarting from the loss and they needed to strike soon while they were somewhat weakened. It had also only been about a month since Rey had started her training. Rey was only given a few weeks to learn what it typically took a padawan years . Leia just hoped it was enough time. The table looked like a disaster. There were books and scrolls and paper and holo pads spread out everywhere, even spilling onto the floor. The table wasn't the only thing that looked like a complete disaster. Kylo Ren's hair was even more of a mess than usual and it looked like he hadn't slept well in weeks. The dark circles forming underneath his eyes was proof of that. He had more important things to be concerned about than such trivial things as his personal appearance. That's what his helmet was for, he mused. The mission he gave the officer went off without a hitch. The squadron successfully retrieved the ancient tomes he'd been after. Ren had been very pleased and showed it by snatching the books out of the officer's hands and stalking off in the opposite direction. He'd locked himself in his room to go study them and see if he could find any information. He'd stopped long enough to relieve himself and scarf down sustenance that droids brought to his private quarters. It had been about two days of this. He let out an annoyed groan and held his head in his hands, trying to control his breathing. This was beyond frustrating. Part of his new training was trying to control his rage and frustration and harness it instead. It was slow going, but he had made progress. There was a lot of interesting information in the books but there was nothing of value that he could find. Ren was hoping he'd find some sort of information, some sort of hint of where his uncle could have gone. Ren had remembered that Luke had spoken of his interest in researching more on the characteristics of Force sensitive trees shortly before Ren had…left. Ren knew that Luke had gone to Coruscant to look through the archives of the old Galactic Senate building the same night his life had drastically changed. Ren knew it was a long shot but he was becoming desperate. Desperate to find them. To find her . He pulled at his dirty hair and outwardly groaned again. He became so frustrated when it came to her. His thoughts became muddied when thinking about her, and that's where the majority of his thoughts often lied lately. He could not figure out why he felt so desperate to find her. He was sure it was probably revenge but it didn't feel the same. He knew that feeling all too well and it was definitely not an accurate description. He was sure he'd figure it out when and if he ever found her. His thoughts lingered to Han Solo. Ren felt a flurry of emotions when he thought about him. Ren tried his best to not let himself feel the guilt and regret eat away at him, but it gnawed at him constantly. He almost hadn't done it. Ren recalls the moment when he almost handed over his lightsaber to his father and went home with him. Almost. But then the weapon on Starkiller Base had stolen the last bits of light from the star and there was utter darkness. That darkness brought him back to his mission. It reminded him of the Supreme Leader's words rattling through his brain from a previous conversation they had shared. Snoke had told him that the reason his grandfather and the Galactic Empire fell was because of one thing and one thing only: sentiment. Darth Vader held sentiment for his son, Luke Skywalker. Kylo Ren was not supposed to have any sentiment for Han Solo, lest himself and the First Order crumble in ruins. Kylo Ren was not supposed to feel at all. He tried so hard not to, but he did. It would be a lie to deny it. He felt a crippling remorse. He couldn't even bear to think what his mother thought of him now. Mother. He still felt the pulls to the light and he knew it was mostly because of her. Her love was unconditional and it was so strong, even after what he had done. She was the main reason why he almost left with Han. Ren dropped his hands to rest on the sides of his chair and leaned back, staring at the bare wall. He was being pathetic and sentimental and he needed to stop. He brought his full attention back to the tomes once more, reading for several minutes. He found information of the Force sensitive tree that was once located at the Jedi temple in Coruscant that had since been destroyed, but the book was so old that it didn't state any information that was up to date. Kylo Ren found a curious passage and frowned slightly. There was a snippet of the legend of the origins of the Force sensitive tree that was once in Coruscant, speculating that it was taken from a sapling that came from the original Force sensitive tree that resided at the first Jedi temple. Ren scoffed. A legend, of course . He tossed the book on the table in front of him in agitation and accidentally knocked a smaller tome he hadn't looked at yet onto the floor. It fell so that both front and back cover were facing up and the pages were splayed open against the floor. Ren scooped it up with one hand and a faded slip of paper fell out of the book and back to the floor. His eyebrows raised up in curiosity as he tentatively picked up the paper and examined it. There was a note written in Basic shorthand: " Misinterpreted. Ones. Plural ." He frowned in confusion and looked at the pages that the note fell out of. He tried his best to read it and found that some of it was in Basic and some of it in a foreign text he did not understand. It didn't take long to find out that the pages the note fell out of was about the prophecy of the Chosen One. His grandfather was the Chosen One. Wait… He stopped and stared at the handwriting on the note and then back at the prophecy excerpt that was in ancient text and then back to the note again. His eyes narrowed slowly and then widened as shock settled snugly in his grey matter. " Impossible, " he breathed. He immediately stood up and donned his helmet. He needed to confer with the Supreme Leader. Author's Note : I hope you enjoyed it. :) Chapter 4 : Chapter Four Author's Note : I've decided there is going to be Reylo in this story. I've become aware that there's a lot of hate toward this pairing. If you don't like it, that's perfectly fine - there are thousands of other stories to read. For those that are still reading interested, be warned: it is going to be a torturous slow burn because those are my favorite, and I honestly feel like this pair couldn't happen any other way. It's not realistic to throw two characters like Rey and Kylo Ren into a room and have them fall madly in love after a day alone together. I've been guilty of reading a few of these for the 'instant gratification', and there's nothing wrong with doing that. I'm just stating that if that's what you're looking for, you won't find it here. :) Also, I know it's been a pretty slow start. Just trying to set up the flow. The pace should be picking up here soon. Enjoy. :) Covered in the Grey Chapter Four The dark clouds that had been settled over the ocean earlier were starting to make their way toward them. Luke was walking in silence as Rey followed behind closely. Neither of them were good at small talk and they were both okay with the quiet. Luke was leading Rey to a part of the island she hadn't been to yet. They rounded a corner and Rey saw a long set of worn, uneven stairs going up at a slope. As she followed the stairs up with her eyes, she saw the most enormous and queer tree she'd ever seen. It had a massive trunk and had almost a crag-like appearance. It had a base that stuck straight upward to touch the sky and four smaller limbs that jutted in a curved way around it. She wondered if it was even a tree, because there were no leaves and it was so symmetrical. It almost looked as if it was dead. As they got closer, she noticed it. A small pulse spread throughout her body and warmth enveloped her. She frowned. It was…familiar. The kind of familiar when your mind tries to remember a forgotten dream. Almost as if none of it was real. Her feet moved on their own as she developed tunnel vision. Luke stilled suddenly and watched on in silence. Thunder boomed overhead and she hadn't even noticed. It was only her and the tree. She felt as if it was calling her…to come nearer, come nearer, come nearer. She wasn't even aware that she had knelt down in front of it and was reaching an unsteady hand out to touch the rough bark until her skin made contact. Rey was suddenly thrown away from the tree and landed on her backside. She jumped up and gaped at the tree in shock and confusion. It had grown the most beautiful assortment of green leaves. Where did those come from? Rey whipped around to find Luke, but he was nowhere to be seen. She also noticed that the sky was a beautiful blue now, showing no signs of an oncoming storm. She let the panic set in. Rey heard the sound of laughter behind her and she swung around again. Her eyes were wide and she was on edge, ready for fight or flight. She saw a small boy and girl, about the age of five, running circles around the tree, chasing each other in play. They both ran in her direction and then right past her. The world suddenly flipped upside down and Rey came crashing with it and she fell to her hands and knees. She was still by the tree and the children were still there, but this time they looked to be teenagers now. They were levitating pebbles and small rocks and smiling and laughing at each other. Then one of the rocks the girl was controlling went careening off course and hit the boy in the center of his forehead at full force, causing a gash. The girl's hand covered her mouth in shock. The joyful mood took a drastic turn. "I'm sorry!" The girl was not speaking Basic or any other language she knew, but Rey could understand her. The boy said nothing, but looked positively dangerous. He started shaking in a quiet rage and his eyes seemed to take on a yellow tinge. The girl looked as terrified as Rey felt. Then he screamed and all of the floating rocks exploded and turned to dust around them. He then threw his arm out toward the girl and her whole body flew against the tree trunk and crumpled in a heap on the ground. She didn't move and there was a large gash on the side of her head that was seeping. The boy's eyes widened in horror at what he'd done. He ran to her side and cradled her head in his lap, frantically looking for signs of life. From the look on his face, it seemed as if he could find none. "No! I'm so sorry! I didn't…I didn't mean to! Come back, my sister," he sobbed out, grief raking his body. "Kira!" Rey screamed. No one could hear her. The sky fell apart around her as the scene shifted again. Everything was grey around her. There was a quiet mist surrounding her, but she could make out the tree in front of her. The girl was still lying on the ground and there was no sign of the boy. Rey steadied her legs enough to walk toward the girl but her legs refused to budge. Suddenly, she noticed movement. The girl shifted her body slightly and raised her palm to rest on the tree. There was an eerie stillness. There seemed to be a shift in the wind, but then Rey realized it was the Force. She couldn't physically see it but she could feel it. It was enveloping the girl and filling her with life. After a few moments, the girl sat up slowly, brushing her hair out of her eyes. Rey noticed that there was dried blood on her face but the gash was completely gone. She also noticed that the leaves weren't beautiful and green anymore - they were a dead brown. Then the girl's gaze rose and settled on Rey and stayed there as they stared at each other. Her eyes… Rey went to say something to her, but then the vision faded away and the grey covered her and swallowed her whole. Rain was pelting down from the darkening sky and the dirt was starting to turn to mud. Rey was lying on her back and Luke was kneeling in the mud, hovering over her. He kept yelling her name and trying to shake her awake. The grey dissipated and Rey's eyes snapped open. She sucked in a harsh breath and shot up, forcing Luke to lean back. Rey's fingers were spread out in the wet earth as her eyes were frantically taking in her surroundings. Rain was soaking into her clothes and her skin and her bones. The leaves on the tree were gone. She took that as a good sign. "Rey…?" Luke started but Rey had cut him off, staring at him incredulously. "What was that!?" she managed to yell out at him. "What did you see?" Luke asked. She hated how calm he could be sometimes. It made her feel like she was going to make a shoddy Jedi, considering how much she let her emotions and instincts rule her life. "I saw children. They were here. They had been here, Luke," Rey paused as she took in a shaky breath and pointed at the tree, "It had leaves ." Rey felt like she had back when she had a Force vision happen on Takodana; she was terrified. She found herself suddenly wishing she was back on Jakku. At least there she knew what to expect and everything made sense . She wanted to help the universe but she wasn't sure she could handle these visions anymore. At least this one didn't have him in it , she thought. Luke had one of the most intense looks on his face she'd ever seen him have. She couldn't even begin to wonder what he was thinking right now. She didn't even know what to think right now. "I believe I know who you saw, and I'll tell you everything that I know. But first, let's get out of this storm. Too much rain isn't good for a girl from the desert," Luke said as he stood up and offered her his good hand, trying to lighten her spirits. Rey hesitated. She trusted Luke Skywalker full-heartedly, but she disliked feeling like everyone else knew more about her than she did. Even Kylo Ren seemed to know more about her than she did. She hated feeling as if she knew nothing. Her gaze went from Luke's outstretched hand, up to his eyes. She still had a difficult time at reading facial expressions but she knew his eyes held the truth. She finally took his hand and he hauled her up. Luke gave her a rough but comforting pat on her shoulder, then turned to walk toward their makeshift dwelling. Rey took one look back at the same spot where she had seen the girl touching the tree. The way she looked at me… Rey blinked several times, trying to make sense of it all. She sighed and turned around to head after Luke, knowing he was the only one who held any answers for her right now. Curiosity always won out. This particular durasteel lined hallway was dark and cold and bare. It held no personality, no warmth, no life; only echoes. Walking down said hallway always filled Ren with anxiety. He tightened his grip on the spine of the small book that was in his hand. It gave him a small sort of comfort. He found it was always best to meet his Master face to face when his head held little to no thoughts. He cleared his mind and focused on walking and breathing only. Ren stopped outside of the double doors and waited. He felt a familiar psychological weight bear down on his mind that let him know that Snoke knew he was there. The doors seemed to open on their own but Ren knew better. He walked into the large room. It was just as bare and quiet and dark in this room as it was in the hallway leading to it. Ren approached where Snoke currently was and kneeled; sitting at the head of his long synthwood table that was centered in the middle of the room. Snoke's long, spindly fingers were gliding over a holo pad screen that was floating in front of him. Ren had dared to think to himself that this was the most normal he had ever seen the Supreme Leader. He went to speak first, but Snoke had beaten him to it. "It's very unusual as of late that you would come to me without being summoned first, Kylo Ren," Snoke stated rather lazily, not bothering to look up from his holo pad. "I apologize, Supreme Leader. Completing your training and fulfilling your vision has kept me occupied," Kylo Ren said evenly as he stood back up. "I didn't realize that pilfering tomes from Coruscant was a part of my vision ," Snoke bit out, now peering at Ren from over the holo pad. Ren winced inwardly. "I wasn't attempting to deceive you, Master," Ren was careful to avoid the egg shells, "I was merely trying to retrieve information on Skywalker's whereabouts-" "His…whereabouts?" Snoke said slowly and his breathing sounded rattled, "You mean to tell me that you've been wasting your time trying to find Luke Skywalker?" he finished with a fist slammed onto the table. Ren remained stoic, biting the inside of his cheek as Snoke continued. "Did you honestly believe that he would still be wherever he was residing? Not only did the Resistance acquire the droid; they acquired the girl , too," Snoke looked pointedly at Ren when he mentioned Rey. Ren knew it was meant to be a blow to stir his anger. "The only two ways of finding your uncle was in your grasp, and you just let them both go." Ren didn't know how to reply or if he should even attempt to. He knew that Snoke spoke the truth. The truth hurt his pride. Snoke continued. "We can only assume that Skywalker is training that girl in the ways of the Force, even as we speak. I know you've sensed it," he finished. Stars, did it hurt his pride. He knew he was being tested. He tried his best to remain indifferent to Snoke's onslaught. "Yes. I have sensed it. Which is why I've been trying to find Skywalker's location. I know that they'll be together. I want to put an end to it before she becomes…a problem," Ren stated, without trying to seem too desperate to redeem himself. "So you thought that useless tomes would help you in this endeavor?" Snoke asked absently, turning his attention back to his holo pad. "Skywalker had been interested in these same tomes before he went into exile. I was simply seeing if I could find some sort of correlation or clue," Ren said, still standing next to the table. "And?" Snoke asked. "I believe I've found a clue," Ren said, then nonchalantly tossed the small book on the table. This display caught Snoke's attention. He waved a hand in front of him and the holo pad floated away from his line of vision. His haphazard face studied the book for a moment before moving to gaze at Ren. Kylo Ren pushed the book closer to Snoke by using the Force and turned it to the page that held the note. Ren said nothing as Snoke inspected the materials. Ren watched as Snoke's face slowly morphed into what looked like piqued curiosity. "Interesting. Very interesting, indeed," Snoke said as his fingers gently caressed the ancient pages. "It is Luke Skywalker's handwriting," Ren said. Snoke's eyes snapped to Ren. "You are certain?" Snoke asked. "Yes." Snoke thought for several moments before speaking. "It seems as if I was wrong about your endeavors, Kylo Ren. You may be onto something. Though, it seems as if your uncle has a head start on us, but that is easily remedied." "I am unsure of what steps to take next, Master. I need your guidance," he said. Snoke leaned back in his chair and held his spider-like fingers together underneath his chin and considered Ren. "There is only one place I can think of that may hold the answers that we require. The abandoned Jedi temple on Ilum had ancient archives that held theoretical studies on the prophecy of the Chosen One. Go there and see if you can find anything. You are dismissed." "Thank you, Supreme Leader. I will make preparations to leave immediately," Ren said. He retrieved the book from the table and made his way to the double doors and left the room. "Interesting. Very interesting, indeed," Snoke said, looking at where Ren had been standing, lost in thought. After Luke and Rey had made it back to the large dwelling they shared with Chewbacca and Artoo, they went into their separate rooms and changed into dry clothing. They had settled in the living quarters, casually sharing dehydrated protein strips. After they had finished eating, Luke moved onto finishing their previous conversation. "I want you to approach this with a clear mind, Rey," Luke said carefully, "I know first hand how shocking some Force visions can be." Rey scoffed. Both visions she'd experienced were like every nightmare she had ever had her entire life rolled into one. "That's an understatement," she muttered. Luke sighed, clearly agitated with her attitude. "Sorry," she said, though she didn't sound like she had necessarily meant it. "I said I need you to approach what I'm about to tell you with a clear mind. If you want me to tell you what I know, I need you to be level-headed. Do you want to hear this, or not?" he asked her. Rey closed her eyes and sighed. She apologized again and this time she had meant it. She focused on leveling her breathing and settling her beating heart for several minutes. She needed to remain calm, no matter what she was about to hear. She opened her eyes and looked at Luke. "I'm ready." Luke eyed her warily for a few seconds before deciding to speak. "Years and years ago, shortly before I came here, I was trying to find more information about Force sensitive trees. I had come across a couple of saplings in my youth, which had made my curiosity in them grow. They have special properties and are especially attuned to the Force, which I thought may be useful, as I was put in charge of bringing up the next generation of Jedi," Luke's face turned dark as he continued. "But one day I had left my eldest student in charge of watching over the others after I had heard about some old books that may have held the information that I was seeking. I had left to Coruscant to sift through the archives of the old Galactic Senate building. I had found the information that I needed and much, much more, but at a horrible price. I had felt something was very wrong and left immediately. By the time I came back, it was too late," Luke said, his voice hitching toward the end. Rey watched on, feeling sorry for the man. "Your nephew," Rey stated flatly. She hated how just the mention of him brought such strong negative emotions to everyone she cared about. Luke nodded. "I would find information in one book, and the information would lead me to another book and so on. I had found the legend of the original Force tree. I was skeptical, of course, but didn't rule the notion out completely. All legends and myths hold some degree of truth. The legend said that the original Force tree was located nearby the first Jedi temple, but I couldn't find any information about the temple in that particular book. Until I came across this one," Luke said and he stood up and walked over to a shelf that was built into the stone wall. He pulled a plain, brown colored book off of it and walked back to Rey. He flipped it to a dog-eared page and handed it to her. Rey skimmed over the passages without really reading them. "I don't understand. What does this have to do with my vision?" she asked. "I'm getting there. Patience. Between this book and the help of an old friend, I was able to locate the first Jedi temple here on Ahch-To. But the location of the temple wasn't the only news I found out that day. Have you heard of the prophecy of the Chosen One?" he asked her. Rey scrunched her face up and shook her head. "I figured not. The prophecy of the Chosen One has been a part of Jedi lore for centuries. It was said that one day the Chosen One would be born and bring balance to the Force. It was speculated that my father was the Chosen One, since it was believed that he had no father and was conceived by the Force," Luke said. " Conceived by the Force ?" Rey gaped at Luke. "Is that even possible ?" "I had always been skeptical, myself. Until I found out that the entire prophecy had been mistranslated and came here to learn the truth," Luke said. This caught Rey's attention again. "Shortly after arriving here, I discovered the oldest books and scrolls I had ever seen. I honestly don't even know how they hadn't rotted away yet; they had to have been made centuries ago," he said. Rey glanced at the other books on his shelves absently while she listened. "It had taken a few years for me to properly translate some of them. What I discovered from them is bigger than anything ever discovered before in the history of the Jedi." "There's a reason why this is the location of the first Jedi temple," Luke said, giving Rey a pointed look. She felt like her mind was swirling like a current. "Because that tree you showed me is the original Force tree," Rey stated matter-of-factly. Luke nodded. "Yes, but that isn't the only reason why. This is the birthplace of the first Jedi." "First Jedi? I thought they always just…existed," she said, frowning slightly. "I had never thought about the origins of the Jedi, either. I found a written lore here that I translated about a young boy and girl. Brother and sister. Twins. They lived here on Ahch-To with their family in a small settlement. When they were young, they accidentally stumbled upon the tree while they were playing. They grew up for years spending their time underneath the tree. Over time, they both began to notice they were changing; noticing they could warp others' minds into their way of thinking, being able to control objects with their minds and having a strange sixth sense. The boy was constantly using his powers in darker ways and was full of anger. The only one who was able to calm and control him was his little sister," Luke paused to catch his breath before continuing. Rey looked as if she was hanging onto his every syllable. "But one day, something terrible happened. The boy snapped and accidentally killed his sister, right underneath the tree. Overcome with grief, guilt, and anger over what he had done, he went on a rampage and destroyed half of the settlement. He fled and was never seen or heard from again," Luke stopped and felt concerned when he noticed that Rey was silently crying. "I'm fine. Keep going," she said reassuringly. Luke's eyebrows knit together, but obliged. "But the tree…the tree had sacrificed a majority of it's life force to heal her. She had become the first Jedi. And her brother had become the first Sith. Brother and sister. Dark and light. Sith and Jedi," he said. Rey had wiped her tears away. This was one of the most fascinating stories she'd ever heard. "The lore ended by saying that both of their souls would be reborn and come back to the galaxy when there was an extreme imbalance in the Force. It was said that the boy would come first, when there was too much of the light side in the galaxy. Then his sister would come next when the universe was at its darkest. It was said that her light would eradicate the darkness, once and for all," Luke finished. "Wow," Rey breathed out in awe, "I saw them." "This is what had confirmed my initial findings of the prophecy of the Chosen One being incorrect. It's the Chosen Ones ," he stressed, "I now know without a doubt that my father was the boy's soul reincarnated." Rey's mind was swimming, trying to keep up with the information overload. It was all so interesting. "And his sister?" Luke's face was impassive. "It's you." Rey's world came crashing down on top of her. Author's Note : Inspiration struck, so this chapter is finished much sooner than expected. I want to specific that, no , Rey and Darth Vader are not related. Souls reincarnated, not body. I hope you enjoyed it. :) Chapter 5 : Chapter Five Author's Notes : I don't have anything new to say. Just to say thanks for the comments, kudos and follows! Enjoy! :) Covered in the Grey Chapter Five Rey couldn't remember how to breathe. Her mind felt empty. "You're joking," she said. "I'm not," Luke said with a slight shake of his head, "I'm being serious. There's too much proof, Rey." "Proof!?" Rey yelled at Luke as she stood up, "What kind of proof do you need? I'm supposed to be the first Jedi!? I can barely even stand my own against you!" "You want proof?" Luke stood up as well. He had a resolved fire in his eyes. "You've excelled at learning the Force faster than anyone I've ever seen before! You didn't see it, but when you Force healed yourself today…you were exploding with Force light! It was everywhere ! That isn't typical, Rey." Rey's mouth opened and closed as she tried to think of something to say, but Luke kept going on. "I've lived on this planet by myself for over a decade. I've gone to that tree many times. I've never seen anything . Nothing has ever happened and you just touch it and have a vision. And your Force signature…the last time I've felt one that strong was when my father was still alive!" he said. "So you're saying that my soul is the first Jedi's reincarnated just because I touched a flippin' tree and had a Force vision? You're mental!" Rey's temper was getting the best of her. "Think about it, Rey. Really think about it. You told me that first night that you had seen Ahch-To in your dreams. Do you honestly think that that is a coincidence?" Luke asked her. Rey's face fell and she paused at his words. He was right about that part. When she was back on Jakku, her dreams had been filled with visions of the ocean and the island. Every wave, every rock, every blade of grass had been there. That's when it dawned on her: it hadn't been a dream; it had been a memory. A memory of the past life of a total stranger. "I think I need to be by myself for a while," she said, attempting to calm herself by brushing her fly aways back to their rightful place. "I understand," he said as he nodded, "But before you go, I have one more thing to say. You don't have to accept anything I've told you tonight. I just wanted to be honest with you. When it all comes down to it, you are still you, Rey. Nothing will change that." Rey looked down at the floor as she heard his heavy words. They were so full of sincerity that it weighed her down. She wasn't used to it. She mumbled her gratitude and escaped to her room and closed the rickety door behind her. She stood in the middle of the small room for a while, unsure of what to do with herself. She tended to shut down mentally and go on auto-pilot when she was bombarded with too much information. She discovered long ago that it was a coping mechanism. It was much easier to survive when you weren't being distracted by a thousand thoughts and ideas bouncing around your mind. Rey sighed and sat on her makeshift bed made out of dried grass stuffed underneath an assortment of cloths. She fell back and sighed. She was thankful that she had chosen to put new grass in it the day before. She appreciated the small comfort right now. She closed her eyes and willed her heart and mind to relax. There is no emotion, there is only peace. Rey really wished this mantra was a fail-safe. She felt as if her mind was malfunctioning and she needed something to fix it before it exploded. She felt so…flawed. Luke had to be wrong. There was no way that she could have the soul of the first Jedi. It was a magnificent story, she'd admit that much. But there was no way that it could be true. But what if it is true? Rey dared the thought. She didn't believe it but she was willing to consider it. Would it honestly change anything ? Probably not. She knew that even if she was still ignorant to the information, she would still continue with her mission. Rey only had two concerns now. First off, would her expectations change? Would she be put up on a pedestal? She let out an exasperated sigh and put her hands over her face. She didn't want that. She didn't want any unnecessary attention. Secondly, would she become a martyr? The thought of saving the galaxy but dying in the process didn't exactly appeal to her. She thought of her friends. She had something to live for now and she didn't want to give that up. She didn't care if she was being selfish. Then she thought of Luke's last words to her. ' When it comes down to it, you will still be you, Rey. Nothing will change that.' She let her hands fall from her face to rest next to her head. Why was he always right? Even if it was true, Rey wasn't her . She was still her own person. She still had her identity, even though it wasn't much. She was Rey of Jakku. She was a someone from a someplace. She held fast to that notion. Her thoughts turned to what she had been training for: to help bring down the First Order. She knew it wasn't impossible but it was definitely a long shot. They had to try, though. If what Luke told her was true, would it really give them that big of an advantage? Or would she royally muck everything up? She knew she couldn't continue on with an attitude like that, but she allowed herself to think negatively for a few moments while she was by herself. What if her path crossed with Kylo Ren again? She was afraid of what would happen. She bested him last time but she knew it was only because he had been injured. She wasn't sure what the outcome would be if they faced each other again. Rey found herself becoming agitated. She didn't enjoy thinking of him but found herself doing so often. It was nearly impossible. She was reminded of his existence every day. Every time that she practiced swinging Luke's lightsaber, she was reminded of him. Every time she levitated an object, she was reminded of him. Every time she looked at Luke, she was reminded of him. He was everywhere and she hated it. She had voiced her concerns to Luke about his nephew. Rey had told him about what had happened on Starkiller Base. She had had him then. She had had him . She could have killed him and recalled that she had wanted to for a split second. It would have been so easy . Luke had told her that had been the Dark side whispering sweet words to her then. She had felt ashamed, but Luke had convinced her that it happens to even the best Jedi. Is that what happened to Ben Solo? He had been like her once. Was he any different from anyone else? Were they any different from each other? Rey scoffed. "Yeah, because I wouldn't off one of my parents," she muttered to herself. She rolled over, pressed her face into the bed and let out a groan. Rey's head was throbbing now. The time for thinking was over. She'd made her decision. Now it was time for sleep. The three moons hovering in the darkening sky above Coruscant were absolutely breathtaking. Even though it was evening, the city-planet showed no signs of slowing down. It was hustling and bustling everywhere. Vehicles carrying goods and passengers were zooming by in a perfect formation through the air. People of various heights, species, languages and even smells were coming in and out of shops on leisure or business. Cantinas were swelling with live music and entertainment that was spilling out of their doors. It was a bit of a sensory overload for Finn. Poe seemed to notice and slapped Finn on his shoulder in a brotherly comfort. "Amazing, ain't it? I've always loved coming to Coruscant," Poe said as he side-stepped a green-grey Toydarian that had stopped flapping his wings long enough to vomit all over the walkway. Poe scrunched his face up in disgust and pulled Finn to keep walking, who had stopped long enough to let his jaw hang open in shock at the scene. "Can't say I'd ever live here, though…" "I don't think I could, either," Finn stated as he composed himself. They continued walking down the street in silence as the city was pulsing and beating around them. Poe was leading them in and out of alleyways and paths that Finn would never remember. He was glad that Poe knew where they were going, because if he was leading them, they'd be screwed. The informant that had contacted the Resistance wanted to meet on Coruscant to trade his information for their credits. Leia had decided to send them. The informant had been a bit paranoid, and for good reason. He wanted to meet on the lower levels of the city in the Entertainment District. Finn had voiced his doubts, saying there'd be too many people around. Poe disagreed, explaining that everyone would be too busy drinking spirits or smoking spice to notice a few souls having a casual conversation. "And," Poe had said in good humor, "if it's a trap, they'd be less likely to turn us into protein dust if we're surrounded by people." If that statement was supposed to make Finn feel better, it didn't. They turned another corner and entered the Entertainment District. It was dark, but there were lights everywhere to make up for it. There were neon signs lit up and blinking, advertising an assortment of entertainment: pubs, gambling, restaurants, shops and - Finn scrunched up his face - adult entertainment. If Finn had thought he'd seen a lot of people earlier, it was nothing compared to the Entertainment Disctrict. He knew that Coruscant never slept, but he imagined that nightfall in the Entertainment District was when it was the busiest. There were people everywhere . By the looks of most of them, they seemed to be well-off locals of the planet here to gamble on pod-racing or some other sport. The other humanoids that were lurking around seemed to be locals, but definitely not there to gamble or enjoy a drink or two. He eyed them warily and Poe followed his gaze. "Don't have much experience with dealers, do ya?" Poe asked. Finn shook his head. "Yeah, well just don't buy anything from them. Probably sellin' spice or death sticks. This area is the go-to place in Coruscant to get that kinda stuff." "Noted," Finn replied. "We're here," said Poe. They approached what looked like some sort of gambling nightclub. The sign was written in Basic and it read, 'Outlander Club'. As they walked through the entrance, the smell of spice and spirits and sweat assaulted his nostrils. There was the noise of upbeat music, social chatter, and the occasional disgruntled yell directed at one of the massive screens attached to the wall. They took a few moments to scan the pub, in search of the informant. Poe's eyes narrowed in recognition and he led Finn to a booth against a wall that held a single person in it. The person was wearing dark beige robes with the hood pulled over their head. Finn noticed that the hood had a simple, red circle embroidered on it. Easier to spot in a crowd for someone who was looking , Finn concluded. Finn and Poe slid into the booth with the hooded figure. There was a brief, uncomfortable silence until Poe spoke. "The General sent us. Here's the passcode," Poe slid a small piece of paper with something scribbled on it toward the informant. The unknown figure leaned in a snatched up the paper in a flash, viewing it curiously. Suddenly, the informant pulled their hood back. Finn was a little shocked that the informant was a young woman, since he'd been imagining a man in his head the entire time. She had long, dark hair, fair skin, and slanted eyes. She narrowed her eyes and considered them both before she spoke in a soft voice. "I was expecting only one liaison," she said suspiciously. "And we were expecting a man, but I'm not complainin'," Poe said with a wink, "My friend here has recently been promoted and needed the field experience," Poe stated with a wave of his hand. The woman pursed her lips and nodded, not seeming to be completely convinced. Finn sensed that she may have a touch of paranoia and he didn't blame her. If Poe hadn't told him earlier to not act like he was committing a crime, he would be constantly looking over his shoulder. It was his first time being out of the newly relocated rebel base in weeks. He was also ashamed to admit that he felt rather nude without his Stormtrooper gear that he grew up wearing. It had been a false sense of security and it was something that was going to take a while getting used to not having anymore. "I guess it doesn't really matter. You brought the correct passcode. I'll receive my payment, tell you the information you need, and we can all be on our way," she said and gave them a pointed look. Poe dug in his pocket and went to hand her a small yellow and black square that looked plastic, but stopped half way across the table as he spoke. "Twenty thousand credits is yours, but only for the correct information. I ain't one for threats, ma'am, but we've both seen your face and our friends don't appreciate gettin' ripped off. There's too much at stake here," Poe said dangerously. The woman narrowed her eyes at Poe and pursed her lips again. She reached across the table and snatched the credit chip out of Poe's palm. "And I don't appreciate being insulted and called a liar. Selling the information is just what I need to do to survive; I'm doing this because it's the right thing to do," said said. This caught Finn's attention. He tilted his head to the side and stared at her. She sounded eerily like he had when he defected. "Who are you?" Her face turned pink and Poe jabbed his elbow into Finn's side at the question. "I'm not at liberty to discuss that with you," she spat, "Listen, do you want this information, or not? I don't have time for this." "Yes. I apologize for my friend here," Poe hurried. "Where is the location?" "Kepler-22. The location is Kepler-22." Rey woke up to the sounds of Chewbacca and Artoo bickering with each other. She smiled. She always found it entertaining listening to them argue. She stood up and stretched before opening the door. Chewbacca and Artoo stopped arguing over what was considered 'essentials' for their trip to look at Rey. "Oh, don't mind me. You may continue," she said to them as she headed for the door outside. She stopped and turned back around. "Where's Luke?" Chewbacca let out a short series of groans to answer her. "Thanks," she smiled and walked outside. It didn't take long for her to find Luke. She still hadn't mastered using the Force, but she could feel reverberations coming from his usual meditation spot. She walked up to the large, flat rock and saw Luke sitting there. She quietly joined him in meditation. They sat like that for a long while before Luke finally spoke. "You've made a decision," Luke said, eyes still closed. It wasn't a question. "Yes," she said. Her eyes were still closed, as well. "And?" Rey thought carefully before she replied. "What you told me last night hasn't changed anything. I'm not saying I believe in this legend but I'm not saying that I don't believe in it, either. I'm just going to continue living my life as if I never knew." Luke nodded in understanding but said nothing as Rey went on. "I'd also like it if we didn't mention this to anyone else…please," she pleaded. "You cannot run away from the truth, Rey. But I'll agree to your request. I will not speak of this to anyone else, if you do not want me to," he said. They were both looking at each other now. "Thank you," Rey said with a small smile, "I also wanted to say that I'm not doing this for just the Resistance. I'm doing this for everyone: for the innocent people, for the Resistance and for the First Order. It doesn't matter what side they're on - people need to stop dying." Luke smiled slowly. "Spoken like a true Jedi. Which reminds me, we need to leave for Ilum. Chewbacca and Artoo were packing the final necessities when I left." Rey laughed. "I'm not sure how much they actually got done. They were arguing with each other when I left," Rey said. Luke sighed and stood up. "Let's go check to make sure they haven't killed each other, and then we'll leave." Rey nodded. Luke jumped off of the rock and Rey followed him. When they reached the living quarters, there was no sight of them. "They must be on the Flacon," Luke said. Rey asked for a moment to collect what little belongings she had and her staff. After she was done, she scanned her room one last time. She knew there was a very high chance that she would never come back. Her eyes caught a hold on the little book that Luke had given her last night. She stalled, considering it. She grabbed it, stuffed it into her bag and walked back in the main living quarters. She found Luke waiting outside. He was staring out at the ocean. "It's going to be strange. I've lived here by myself for so long," he said without looking at her. "Are you frightened?" she asked. "Frightened?" he laughed a little, "No, no. Come, it's time to go." Rey followed Luke down the hill to where the Millennium Falcon sat. Before she walked up the docking ramp, she turned around. She took one last look at the ocean and the island that had been in her dreams almost every night of her life, and walked up the ramp. Rey wasn't good at good-byes. Author's Note: This was kind of a filler chapter. Sorry about that, but it was needed. I'm really excited about the next chapter! Kylo Ren and Rey cross paths again! Dun-dun-dun! I also decided to use an actual planet that isn't from Star Wars. Kepler-22b is (what NASA thinks) is the closest Earth-like planet they've been able to find. I dropped the 'b' off, because I felt like it. There's honestly no other reason besides that. Thanks for reading! :) Chapter 6 : Chapter Six Author's Note : Nothing new to say. Only thank you for the kudos, follows and comments. :) Enjoy! Covered in the Grey Chapter Six No one went to Ilum anymore. It had served its purpose for many centuries, but with no more padawans to make their pilgrimage, that purpose was lost. Space thieves used to sneak into the Crystal Caves to pilfer kyber crystals to sell on the black market, but with no more Jedi in the galaxy, they were deemed worthless. The Jedi temple had been ransacked years ago, and anything that had been considered of any monetary value was long gone. With the planet's frigid temperatures, it didn't even serve the purpose of adequate habitation. Ilum had turned into a very desolate and lonely planet as a result. The pure power reverberating from the crystals was causing Kylo Ren's command shuttle to malfunction. Ren gave the order for the pilot to land a half a mile away from the temple to ensure a safe landing. He had wanted to come on his own, but General Hux refused to deviate from protocol and sent two Stormtroopers along with him. Ren checked that his extra layers of clothing to protect him from the elements was properly secured as the pilot managed to safely land the ship. Kylo Ren walked up to the controls and impatiently slammed his gloved hand down on the button to lower the durasteel ramp. They were assaulted with a burst of frigid air. He started to make his way toward the ramp when the two Stormtroopers began to follow him. He swiftly came to a stop and turned around to face them. "You two will be staying here," Ren commanded. "Sir. General Hux gave us orders to-" the trooper on the right was interrupted by their masked superior. "General Hux gave you orders to accompany me to Ilum. You have successfully accompanied me to Ilum. Now stay here and watch the ship," Ren stated impatiently. "Yes, sir," they both said. They decided that Ren was technically correct and weren't about to argue with him. They'd take their chances with Hux. Kylo Ren didn't bother acknowledging their reply and left without another word. He stepped into the frigid tundra and didn't bother turning to look behind him when he heard the ramp lifting back up. It was freezing and he didn't want to spend extra time that didn't need to be spent here. He hated the cold. Ren had only been walking for about ten minutes before he caught sight of the temple entrance. Even his bad mood due to the extreme cold couldn't stop him from admiring the extravagance of it all. The entire structure looked as if it had just grown out of the side of the mountain. Spires of crystal-like ice jutted from various places and reached toward the two moons hanging in the dark sky. Ren shivered as he stood there, taking it all in. His eyes settled on the entrance and made his way up the snow covered stairs. He was hoping for some sort of increase in temperature when he got inside and was very pleased when there was. It wasn't a drastic difference, but it was enough to feel some sort of comfort and his fingertips. The inside of the temple was even more impressive than the outside. There were spiraling staircases, elaborate hallways and carved doorways in every direction. The defining feature that stood out the most was the long bridge that had two large statues at the very end. The statues looked to be Jedi wielding lightsabers. It was far off and dark, so Ren narrowed his eyes to get a better look. There was a large door between the statues. The Crystal Caves , Ren thought. He would be lying to himself if he said he wasn't curious, but that's not why he was there. His eyes traveled up the spiral stairs that lead to a series of balconies littered with pillars made of stone. He pulled a small holo pad out of his long jacket and looked at it for a few moments before looking back up the stairs again. According to the map, the library should be up these stairs , he thought. He pocketed the holo pad again and headed for his destination. Ren had spent at least two hours combing through useless books and scrolls before he felt like he was going to explode from frustration. The only information he could find on the prophecy of the Chosen One was information he already knew. He was desperate to find out more and didn't want to go back to Snoke empty handed. Ren was pissed and even though it was better inside, it was still cold. He leaned back in the old chair he was sitting in and focused on inhaling and exhaling. The sound of his mechanical breathing was so loud in the silence that he found that it annoyed him in his already foul mood. He grunted in frustration and pressed the button to release his helmet and set it on the table in front of him. The crisp air felt refreshing against the sweat accumulating on his face. It alleviated his mood a little bit. Ren looked around again now that he wasn't staring through a tinted visor. The library was enormous and in bad shape from years of neglect. There were books littered in various places on the floor and on tables; some of which he had contributed to, some of which he had not. He got up and began pacing in an attempt to calm his nerves. He knew this place was very strong and attuned with the Force but he wasn't expecting just how much. The reverberations made him feel…tense. He felt the Force flowing all around him in ways he was not used to; it was foreign to him. He stopped pacing and used the Force to pull several more books off of a nearby shelf and set them on the table. He wanted to leave this place. Quickly. Ren sat down and got back to work. He had been reading for several minutes, when he felt a slight shift in the Force. He stilled. It was barely noticeable. Barely. He frowned, trying to reach out and pinpoint what it was, but this damn place made it impossible. He thought of the Stormtroopers he left on the ship. If they came looking for me, I swear , he thought. He stood up carefully and slowly walked out the library door to peer over the balcony that overlooked the entire entryway far below. His eyes scanned everywhere, looking for any type of movement or a white Stormtrooper uniform. He saw nothing. He was quietly cursing the fact that he didn't have any thermal imager on him. It would have been very useful in a time like this. Kylo Ren tried reaching out using the Force again to help him sense if someone was there. He pushed air out of his nose in agitation. Still nothing. This place is making me imagine things , he thought absently. Just as he went to turn to go back into the library, a slight movement between the statues caught his attention. It was far away, but he caught sight of someone bundled in a large, white jacket. With brown hair in three buns. A metal rod strapped to their back. His breath hitched in his throat and he gripped the cold stone of the balcony. "Rey," he whispered in disbelief. This place is really messing with me , he thought. Ren blinked. Rey was there. He blinked again. She was still there. Then she disappeared into the caves. Ren didn't think. He found himself almost running down the spiral staircase in order to get to the entrance to the caves. It took him only minutes to get there. He hesitated. He wasn't expecting to see her here, so he was unsure of what to do. Take her prisoner? Kill her? He was quickly weighing through his options when he remembered how she left him lying in the snow back on Starkiller Base. She could have killed him, but she didn't. He could have killed her, but he didn't. They had spared each others' lives that night, so didn't that make them even? Ren was genuinely curious at what his uncle had taught her and found himself itching to find out. He took a step forward and stopped again. Was Luke here? He couldn't sense him, but he hadn't sensed Rey, either. He continued walking in the cave entrance and decided that he'd deal with her first and figure out the other details later. It was appropriate that everything held a shade of blue in this place. The floors and walls inside the temple were a grey-blue color. The light filtering in through the high windows cast a blue light everywhere it touched. And now, inside the cave, blue light came pulsating off in small waves from the clusters of kyber crystals. Blue was a very fitting color for a planet covered in snow and ice. The pulsating light from the kyber crystals filled the otherwise dead cave with life. The opening of the cave was enormous. There were crags jutting up from the floor and down from the ceiling and each one was speckled with little crystals. Being in here was like walking through the stars at night. It was absolutely beautiful. And it is absolutely eerie , Rey thought. Luke had warned her that the Force bled through this place like a punctured vein. He had said that it had been known to cause a variety of emotions and reactions from padawans. To test them, he said. Some of them experienced Force visions or hallucinations. Rey thought this place was beautiful but she was anxious to complete her pilgrimage, get her crystal and leave. Rey closed her eyes and tried to focus. The torrential whirling of the Force around her made it impossible to do so. She wanted to find the perfect crystal. Luke had told her that she would know when she found it. She had no other choice but to believe him and take his advice of, ' Don't think. Just walk .' So Rey didn't think. She just walked. She was only paying enough attention to where she was going so that she could find her way back. She absently let her fingers trail against the walls, careful not to slice her skin open on the sharp edge of a crystal. She still couldn't get over the beauty of the place. It was like being in a dream. The reverberations in the Force felt like they were gently lulling her to sleep. A dreamy smile crept onto her lips as her eyes started to close. She vaguely wondered if she was sleep walking. She felt only peace as she walked through the cave with her eyes closed. There was no thinking. Only walking. Rey suddenly stopped herself. Her eyes shot open. Something was different. She took in her new surroundings and found that she was at a dead end in a small crevice of a room. She noticed several wooden crates against a wall that looked half rotted. Must have been some sort of storage room, she thought. It's here , she thought. Her eyes scanned the small area, waiting for one of them to call out to her. None of them did. Well, this is annoying , she thought to herself. She held out her hand and commanded nothing in particular to come to her. She barely had time to finish her command before her reflexes caused her fingers to close around a crystal that had shot into her palm. Rey gasped in surprise. She stared at it in wonder. It was hers and it was perfect. She had not been expecting that. A sudden crackle behind her made her jump and spin around. Her eyes grew wide in fear. "Kylo Ren," she whispered to herself as soon as she found the air in her lungs. She had not been expecting that, either. Ah, right. Hallucinations , she thought. Rey straightened herself out and took her time putting her crystal away in her satchel underneath her jacket. She was completely ignoring the lightsaber wielding man that was currently blocking the only exit. Ren faltered. He was completely dumbfounded by her lax attitude toward her current predicament. Was she that confident with her abilities now? He felt his blood boil. Rey turned her attention toward him again. The fear that was in her eyes was gone now and she was eyeing his face curiously. Fuck , he thought. He had been in such a rush to catch her, that he had accidentally left his helmet sitting on the table. No wonder she was looking at him like that. He wasn't exactly intimidating when he didn't have his helmet on to cover his face. Rey pointed her chin in his direction. "Nice scar," she acknowledged with indifference. Ren gritted his teeth and felt his temper flare. "Are you mocking me?" he managed to force out between his clenched teeth. Rey gave a coy smile as she started to slide her gloves back on her numbed fingers. "Maybe," she said. Kylo Ren's pressed his lips into a thin line and flared his nostrils. He extinguished his lightsaber. That is enough . He waved his free hand out in front of him and sent one of the smaller wooden crates hurtling toward her. She reacted at the last possible moment, dropping her gloves in the process. She used the Force to send the crate careening off course and splintering against the wall beside Kylo Ren. Shock ran through her and rippled across her face like a disrupted pool of water. "You're real?" Rey gasped out. Ren looked at her incredulously. Is she high on spice? He barely had time to register the thought before he realized she was sending another crate straight at him. The only problem was, he realized it too late. It hit him hard on his left side, knocking him to the ground. Rey wasted no time and flew past him and out the door. Ren also wasted no time in hauling himself to his feet and chasing after her. He knew he was quick, but it didn't take him long to realize that she was quicker. She was a short distance ahead of him down the narrow hallway. Ren noticed an opportunity up ahead but was unsure if he was willing to take the risk associated with it. He continued running and focused his energy on a large crystal covered crag that was hanging precariously from it's base on the ceiling ahead of Rey. If I can just loosen it… It was freezing, but that didn't stop beads of sweat from forming on his hairline. He sent one last push out with his hand and heard the musical crack that severed the crag from the ceiling. Ren dove for cover and held his breath. Rey barely had time to react. She threw herself as far away from the oncoming destruction as she could in a less than elegant fashion. She pulled her thick hood over her head in a feeble attempt to protect her face and braced for the impact of flying rock and crystal. The crash had a devastating noise that sounded like shattering glass. She cried out when she felt something tear across the back of her calf. It had already been dark in the cave beforehand, but the unsettled dust and debris from the aftermath made it nearly impossible for Rey to tell where she needed to go. She could make out the dull pulsing blue light of the shattered kyber crystals scattered on the floor through the dust. It made it a bit easier to see. Rey tried to get up with the help of her staff and winced silently at the stinging pain in her calf. She could still walk. She didn't have time to heal it. She half ran, half limped until she found herself in the first large room she had entered in the cavern. She could see the exit. Her only obstacle now was that Kylo Ren was currently blocking her exit. Again. She was pissed with herself for not taking Luke's lightsaber now. She'd told Luke that she was going to have her own lightsaber now, and that she wouldn't need to use his anymore. She was so stupid. Kylo Ren was panting and heaving like she was. She noticed he was covered in sweat, dirt and blood. It was a small consolation that he looked worse off than her. "Why are you here?" he asked her. "I'm not telling you," she sneered as her grip on her staff tightened. Ren bared his teeth and grimaced. He wobbled a bit and regained his balance. "Fine. That is easily remedied," he said sarcastically before he spit on the ground. It was dark, but Rey could see there was blood. Ren made his way toward her, looking rather pale and determined. Rey took a defensive stance to brace herself. Ren took three steps toward her before he crumpled to the ground in a heap. She straightened back up hesitantly as she watched him failing miserably to try and get back up. That's when she noticed a crystal the size of a blaster cartridge jutting dangerously out of his side. He was losing blood. A lot of it. Rey seized the opportunity and ran to the exit and past the two Jedi statues she had wasted time admiring earlier. She wasn't about to wait around and find out what he was planning on doing with her. That was, until guilt began eating away at her before she was even halfway across the bridge. No. No! Just leave him , she thought. That was Luke's nephew bleeding out on the ground. That was Leia and Han's only son bleeding to death by himself on the ground and she was just leaving him there. Rey stopped running and groaned to herself in frustration. She looked longingly at the exit of the temple one last time before turning back around very reluctantly. "I'd better not die for doing this," she muttered to herself. Kylo Ren wasn't moving when she got back to him but he was still breathing. Her heartbeat quickened as she cautiously approached him. She was unsure of what she should do first. He was laying on his stomach and his face was in the dirt. She thought that rolling him over onto his back would be a good start. Rey dropped down to his side and set her satchel down next to her. Ren was incredibly heavy and Rey was careful to roll him in a way that didn't lodge the shard deeper into his ribs. He was still out cold and she was thankful for it. It made doing this so much easier. Rey knew she needed to extricate the shard from his side quickly. There was blood everywhere. It was nauseating but she did her best to ignore it. She managed to get a decent grip on the shard, considering it was covered in blood, making it slick. When she pulled it out, Ren's eyes flew open and he howled in pain. He weakly grabbed her by the front of her jacket and he looked delirious. She panicked when she saw blood trickling quickly, now that she had removed the shard. "Listen, I can save you. But you need to swear that you will not kill me and that you'll let me go without a fight after I'm done," Rey told him. His face was so close and his stare was so intense that it made her uncomfortable. The scar she gave him that was slicing harshly across his face made her even more uncomfortable. She could tell by the look on his face that he wasn't happy that he was no longer in control of the situation, but that he knew he had very little choice other than to accept her offer. Ren laid his head back down. He closed his eyes, gave a brief nod in agreement and said nothing. Rey sighed in relief and started working. She closed her eyes and let her hands hover over his gaping wound. She'd only ever healed herself before and felt nervous doing it to someone else, regardless of who it happened to be right now. She fought hard to mend the tissue and sinew. The injury was bad. The white , she thought. She focused hard to find it. It didn't take long. There is no emotion, there is only peace. Rey dove head first into the blinding white light and felt all of Ren's wounds heal within seconds. She felt that familiar entity that had plagued her for weeks and she continued searching. It was closer this time. It was right in front of her mind now. She pushed her mind to reach for it and she finally grabbed it and refused to let it go. It was hers now, whatever it was. Rey came crashing back to the cold harshness of reality and found Kylo Ren staring up at her like she had three heads. She reacted quickly by grabbing her satchel and putting a good amount of distance between them, slowly backing her way to the exit. "There. Done. I'm leaving," she said carefully, watching him like a hawk. He slowly stood up, testing his balance. He was still looking at her. "What did you do to me?" he asked, slipping a finger in the hole of his clothes where the shard had been. "Saved your life?" she asked skeptically. Even she didn't fully believe what she had just done, but the blood now covering her hands and sleeves of her white jacket proved it to be true. "I've never seen Force healing like that before," he said, still eyeing her suspiciously. Rey huffed indignantly. "I don't have time for this. Just remember our deal. I came back and saved your life when I didn't have to. Don't make me regret it," she finished carefully. Ren said nothing as he stared at her with those intense eyes. He eventually nodded and watched her run out of the cave without another word. He stood there silently for a long time. He couldn't figure out what it was, but something felt different. He felt annoyed that he'd been forced to just let her walk away, but he didn't feel angry about it. He didn't like it, but he felt gratitude. Once again, she could have killed him and she chose not to. She had every reason to and he couldn't figure out why she hadn't. There was something else, though. He was having a difficult time sensing it because of all the wild reverberations pulsing out from the cavern. He still needed to complete his mission. Not only would it be bad if he went back empty handed, but he would surely suffer tremendous consequences if the Supreme Leader found out that Rey had been here and just walked away unscathed. His main concern was that Rey would bring Luke back with her, which meant he needed to leave. Now. That also meant that he was indeed going back to Snoke empty handed. He hated himself for ever leaving the library. She would have never known he was there if he had just stayed put. Kylo Ren had taken no more than two steps before he felt his boot bump up against something on the ground. He looked down and frowned slightly in confusion. He bent down and picked up a small, brown book. It looked ancient. He looked from the book, to the exit where Rey had slipped away. She must have dropped it , he thought. He flipped through the pages and he dared to let a small smile creep across his features. Apparently, he wasn't going back empty handed. Maybe everything really does happen for a reason. For the first time in a very long time, Kylo Ren felt at peace. Author's Note : I hope you enjoyed it. :)