“I’m so sorry, Hux.” “We both knew this would happen eventually, Ren.” Ren looking down at the shackles around their wrists, binding them to the chariot as it carried them to their death. Ren ached to touch Hux, just one last time. Feel Hux’s soft skin on his lips, or his hair on his fingertips. He could tell by the way Hux looked at him that the former general was having similar thoughts. “It’s rather fitting, don’t you think?” Ren’s eyes widened and he looked at Hux, shock and horror warring for a place on his features. “Why in the Force would you think this is fitting?” Had Hux finally snapped? He had been eerily calm and excepting ever since they had been caught. Unnaturally so, even for him. “This happened to your grandparents, didn’t it? Chained up in an arena to be executed, torn apart by vicious creatures. And now the same fate has befallen us. Though I doubt we will be able to escape like they did.” Hux was right. He was weak. Beaten and exhausted from countless days or weeks spent at the hands of Resistance interrogators, along with Rey combing through Hux’s thoughts. She was far from gentle as she tore the information from Hux’s mind as he screamed. Stars, his screams. Ren could still hear them. And there was Ren. He was as useless as he had always felt growing up. He had nothing, not even the Force, due to the ysalamir caged by his feet. If he could just get 10 meters away from the damned lizard, he could raze this place to the ground and leave, with Hux in his rightful place at Ren’s side. But he couldn’t. He could only watch helplessly as they were led to their deaths, the light at the end of the tunnel a looming promise rather than a symbol of hope. “Ren-“ “Kiss me.” Hux leaned over as much as he was able to press his lips against Ren’s, both savoring what would be their last kiss. “I love you,” Ren whispered against his lips. “I love you so much. I’m so sorry for this, I’m so sorry.” He kept repeating that, fear finally wrapping it’s cold fingers around his heart as the sounds of the crowd became louder, before finally drowning out his voice. He felt like he hadn’t told Hux how much he loved him enough. How beautiful, how intelligent, how irreplaceable he was. They had wasted so much time fighting. Everything they argued about seemed so insignificant now. Why had they always fought? He was pulled from his thoughts as Hux kissed him again, desperately. Ren kissed back hard, trying to tell Hux everything he never had, oblivious to the tears leaking down his cheeks. He squeezed his eyes shut as they were finally brought out into the arena. It felt like eternity, but it couldn’t have taken more than a minute. The crowd was a thunderous roar, calling for their deaths. Screaming out all of the bloody, gruesome things they wanted to see them suffer through before their deaths. Ren gripped his shackles to the point his knuckles were bloodless, standing out like stars in the galaxy against the durasteel. He tried his best to block out everything, focusing all of his attention on Hux’s lips against his- plush, as always, spit-slicked and split, but not bleeding. Not anymore. He focused on Hux’s scent- blood, mostly, and dirt. But there was a small trace of his pomade that he’d used for years, and the underlying scent that was Hux. - Hux watched as Ren tried to hide his panicking. He had accepted his fate long ago. Like he’d said, he knew it was likely that he would be put to death; he’d never feared it. There was nothing about death to fear. The Jedi believed one would be released back into the Force, some believed one would be reincarnated. Many believed there was nothing. Just an empty abyss, like the vacuum of space. Hux hoped there was nothing. He could simply be, alone with himself, like the sole star in an empty galaxy, all to himself. He’d always been alone, and he always would be. But he didn’t want to be alone any more. He wanted to keep Ren at his side forever. So, he looked at Ren, ignoring everything else as he tried to memorize the knight’s features. If he was going to be alone in death, then he would try to bring Ren’s image with him to keep him company in the empty void. He leaned in to kiss Ren as was asked of him, closing his eyes. He should have spent more time doing this, kissing Ren until they couldn’t breathe, telling him how much he loved him. He should have given Ren more pleasant memories to replace all of the bad ones. And instead, he had spent so much of his time trying to tear him down. “I love you too, Kylo Ren,” he whispered when he felt Ren’s tears against his cheeks. He wished he could have said something else. That it was going to be alright, that they would make it out of this, just like everything else. But Hux knew better than to bother. They wouldn’t be able to make it out of this one. Not this time. He fought the urge to pull uselessly at his shackles even as Ren jerked at his until his wrists were raw, desperate to be free. “Focus on me, Ren. It’s just us,” he whispered, urgency creeping into his voice. “It’s just us,” he said again, and Ren nodded, giving Hux a bruising kiss. Hux kissed back for all he was worth, until they were pulled apart by the guards dragging them to separate pillars. “No!” Kylo screamed, reaching out for Hux before struggling against the guards, managing to snap one’s neck before he was subdued. “Kylo!” Hux watched with wide eyes as Ren was tackled by no less than 6 guards, only after being shot with a blaster. Hux pulled at his chains, only two guards holding him back, trying to get to Ren. His heart seized as he saw Ren convulsing on the ground. He had promised himself that he wouldn’t fight. He would face his death with the dignity befitting of a general. But he broke that promise as he leapt at the nearest guard, teeth bared. He looped his bound hands around the man’s throat, jerking him back as he strangled him with the binders. The other guard shot at him, but Hux used the guard he was holding as a shield, taking a sick pleasure in the way the man convulsed. Hux didn’t relent until the guard stilled. He dropped the body, and the remaining guard jerked at his chain. Instead of resisting, he let the guard pull him forward, before tearing into his jugular with nothing but his teeth. Hux whipped around to see more guards running towards him, blasters drawn and set to kill. He didn’t care, he was a dead man anyway. He threw himself at the guards around Ren, shoving at them to get them off of his knight. He was picked up from behind, but he didn’t let that stop him, kicking out and thrashing in the man’s arms as two more guards came at him. He gripped the heavy chain, swinging it at anyone who came near enough. A well-aimed head-butt knocked out the guard behind him, and he was about to go for the others, before suddenly stopping. He gasped, a strangled, high sound as he looked down at the gaping hole in his chest. His body finally caught up to the pain, and he fell to his knees with a cry, blood leaking from his lips to mix with that of the guards. Distantly, he heard an enraged scream, and Ren was crawling over to him, grabbing At Hux’s shirt as he pulled the ex-general close. “No, no, Hux. Hux! Please, don’t leave me, not like this!” he shouted through his tears. Hux opened his mouth to reply, but all that came out was blood. Ren leaned down ever him, pressing their foreheads together as his tears dripped down onto Hux’s cheeks, washing away a little of the blood. The cheers of the crowd were even louder as they watched Ren’s heart break over his general. “Run, you fool,” Hux croaked, face contorted in pain as he lifted his hand to grip Ren’s hair in his weak fingers. Ren just shook his head, hauling Hux up into his arms. “I’m not leaving you, not to them.” He buried his face against Hux’s neck, gritting his teeth as blaster shots rained down on his back like hellfire. He shielded Hux’s body as best he could, not wanting him to suffer even more. He felt Hux’s slowing pulse against his lips, and he held onto Hux tighter, clinging to his thin body. He’d always seemed so big, so strong, but he was all but a slip of paper in Ren’s arms. “I love you so much, Hux,” he whispered through gritted teeth. “I wish I had told you that more. You deserved so much more than me, than this. You deserved to rule the galaxy.” Hux lifted his free hand and pressed it to Ren’s chest, fingers folded over his heart, index finger and thumb extended. I love you too . A sob wrenched itself from Ren’s throat as Hux’s pulse finally stopped, and his hand fell from Ren’s chest, one arm still hooked around his shoulders to leave his hand limp in his hair. Ren exhaled as he allowed the darkness to take him. Notes: I should be updating like, 3 fics, instead I've started working on a bunch more :') Oh well, I'll update the others soon. Comments are love, and i'd love to know what you guys think.