Requests Hey guys So I have this book on my Wattpad account Hardcore_Fangurl_567 Requests are open but I only do x reader. Oneshots will be about: Harry Potter Percy Jackson The Hobbit Lord of the Rings The Librarians Star Wars Supernatural Total Drama Island Avengers YouTubers Hunger Games Once Upon A Time and more Chapter 2 : Ezekiel Jones x Librarian Reader Summary: Really sorry about how short these are "Zeke I'm bored!" (Y/N) whined as she whirled around in a wheelie chair. "Well I can't help you right now. Go bother Stone." He replied typing something on his phone. "Well you're no fun. I'm going to aquire some artifacts bye." She said getting up and heading to the doors. "You can't!" Ezekiel yelled, running to her and picking her up and walking back to where they were a minute ago. "Why won't you let me leave the Library Jones? Even when we have a job you're apprehensive about me leaving. It's boring as hell dude." (Y/N) huffed unhappily. "We don't need you getting caught or hurt (N/N)." He replied with a slight smile. "You don't care when Cassie goes out by herself. Do you not trust me to take care of myself Zeke? Coz uh I beat you and Stone when we were 'training'." She replied angrily. "It's not you I don't trust (N/N). It's everyone else." He replied ducking his head. "Zeke are you hiding something from me?" (Y/N) asked all the anger draining from her voice and demeanor. Just as he was about to reply the Clippings book opened and Jenkins came in. ------------------------------------------------------- After the case ------------------------------------------------------- "So Mr. Jones, you wanna tell me why you objected so much to Alex* flirting with me." (Y/N) said leaning on Ezekiel. He smiled and shook his head. "Tomorrow. When you aren't high on pain meds." He replied as he helped her over to a chair. ^-^ Hey so first one I made up. Sorry if it sucks. I kinda left this one open but if you want a part 2 just comment. I'm guessing that not many people are going to read this so if you are I just want to say thanks. *random name of a guy on the case that I made up Chapter 3 : Bill Chiper x Reader Summary: Bill is forced into a human form, he ends up at the readers cabin and they become friends They will eventually become more than friends, this will have at least one more part. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Bill was forced into mortal form and left out in the woods near the mystery shack some time in the middle of the night. His demon form trapped as a stone statue. A pain unlike any he had ever experienced, one that hurt him, coursed through his body. He felt the organs working inside him, the blood pumping through his body. He whimpered slightly and stood up and realized that even though he had a body he only had one eye. Stumbling through the forest he came across a two story cabin. He knocked on the door and a young woman of about 19 opened the door. "You get trapped in weirdmageddon? Or are you one of the demons?" She asked brushing a strand of (H/C) hair behind her ear. "I'm Bill Cipher, I caused the 'weirdmageddon'." He replied surprised by her non-reaction. "Well come in. You need clothes other than a pair of boxers and a singlet top." She said opening the door wider and stepping aside. Bill walked in and looked around. "I'll go get you some of my brothers old clothes. They should fit you. I'm (Y/N) by the way, I'm part dragon." The girl said before walking through the house into another room. Bill followed her with a smirk, even as as dream demon he'd never met a half human half dragon hybrid. "So you don't care that I tried to destroy the town?" He questioned as (Y/N) rummaged through draws looking for clothes that Bill could wear. "Nah, I've never been welcome in town. Couldn't care less, they 'defeated' you like three days ago though. Why are you only just appearing as a human now?" She asked throwing a pair of jeans and a black t-shirt with a yellow eye on it at him. "I don't know, I think my essence only just condensed enough to create this form. I don't think I have my powers either." Bill replied. "Well you're welcome to stay as long as you want. This is the spare room, bathroom is down the hall and my room is upstairs. Don't break anything, if you get bored there's a tv and a bunch of DVDs in the lounge, where you came in." (Y/N) said before she yawned. "I'm going back to bed. Night Bill." She said walking out and going up the stairs. "Thank you." Bill said quietly before frowning. He didn't like thanking anyone for anything. "Welcome." She replied before disappearing completely up the stairs and around the railing. Bill decided to check the DVD collection. He walked into the lounge room pulling the shirt and jeans on. Sitting down near the cabinet he started looking through DVDs trying to choose something to watch. One show called 'Supernatural' caught his eye so he put the first season on. (Y/N) woke up to the sounds of Bill yelling at the TV and what sounded like Supernatural playing quite loudly. She shook her head and rolled out of bed. Putting on a pair of leggings with crosses on then, a skull tank top and a black jacket she started to go downstairs. "Don't go that way you idiot!" Bill screeched at the tv when she walked in. "What episode are you on now?" She asked surprising Bill. "Season 1 episode 7. It's a surprisingly good show, can I keep watching?" He replied. "Sure Bill. Pause it for about 10-15 minutes though so I can get breakfast, a drink and a snack. Once we start we won't want to stop." (Y/N) replied with a small smile gracing her features. "Sure." Bill replied pausing it and getting up. "I'll help you carry the stuff in." He said. (Y/N) nodded and walked towards her kitchen. Bill followed, getting a proper look at his host, from behind anyway. She had (H/L/C) hair and was about 5' 10" tall. She walked with a certain grace that made it look like she was almost floating across the floor. "What do you want for breakfast?" She asked once they got to the kitchen. "I don't know, I've never really eaten food before." Bill replied with a shrug. "I would make pancakes but that takes to long. We'll have cereal today." (Y/N) getting out two bowls. She pulled out a box of Crunchy Nut Cornflakes and poured some into both bowls. Bill took the time to look at her front, her (E/C) eyes gleamed with little red and gold flecks. Her face was almost perfectly symmetrical except for a dusting of freckles on her cheeks and across her nose. "Can you get the popcorn kernels out of the cupboard Bill?" She asked turning to get the milk out of the fridge. "Sure." Bill said and he walked over to the cupboard. He looked around and saw them on the top shelf. He grabbed them and turned to give (Y/N) the kernels. "Thanks Bill." She said grabbing the packet and putting it on the bench. Grabbing the popcorn maker and plugging it in, she handed Bill a bowl of cereal. "Here, you take the cereal into the lounge then come back. The popcorn should be done by then." She said pouring the kernels into the machine. She turned it on and grabbed butter out of the fridge to melt and put over the popcorn. Bill walked back in as the popcorn was popping and sat on the barstool. (Y/N) studied Bill as he watched the corn pop. He had sandy blond hair and a yellowish green eye. Where the other eye would be there was a black socket. He was taller than her but not so tall that he towered over her and he looked to be about 20. "The popcorn is done, is there anything else we need?" Bill said breaking (Y/N) from her thoughts. "Yeah, grab a bottle of soda from the fridge." She replied putting the popcorn in a bowl and pouring butter and salt over it. Bill grabbed a bottle of Pitt Cola (without the pit) and walked into the lounge room behind (Y/N). She placed the popcorn on the table grabbed her cereal bowl and quickly walked out. She came back about two minutes later with a triangular eyepatch for Bill. "Here, now you can cover your eye socket." She said handing it to him. "Thanks." He replied quietly. (Y/N) nodded and sat on the couch. She un-paused the show and finished her cereal. Bill had his as they continued to watch the show. Once he'd finished eating his cereal (Y/N) leaned her head on his shoulder and curled her feet into her side. Bill's eye widened slightly with shock but he moved his arm to rest behind her neck and back. They sat like that until the disk finished. (Y/N) got up to change the disk and grab the popcorn. "This is the most fun I've had in about four years." She said as she sat back down next to Bill. "Good I pride myself on being fun company." Bill said. He grabbed a handful and was pleasantly surprised to find that it was still warm even though it had been sitting for over 2 hours. "It's the fire I may or may not have infused with my dinner plates and popcorn bowl. I need it to keep things warm and so that it doesn't melt or combust when I lose control of my powers." (Y/N) said like she had read his mind. Bill nodded and pressed play on the disk. They spent the entire day watching Supernatural and enjoying each others company. "You're the easiest person to spend time with that I've ever met." Bill told (Y/N) when they had finished season one. "Thanks Bill. I've never had such a nice day before. I used to get that Dipper kid coming around every couple of days to 'check on me'. God he was so annoying." She replied standing up and stretching. "Do you want to do something or do you want to go to bed?" (Y/N) asked when she'd finished stretching. "Can we go outside? I want to explore a bit." Bill replied. (Y/N) nodded and grabbed a beanie off the coat rack next to her door. "Let's go. We aren't that far from the Mystery Shack and I feel like spying." She said grinning mischievously. Bill mirrored her smile and stood. "Shall we go m'lady?" Bill asked with a posh accent. "Let's." (Y/N) replied with a posh accent of her own. They walked outside and into the forest. "Where did you wake up Bill?" (Y/N) asked as they walked, to Bill she seemed so much more vibrant out in the forest, her eyes were brighter, her entire aura radiated life and energy. "I don't know exactly where, I think we're getting close though." He replied looking around. "Cool, how long do you reckon it'll take, we're still about 5-10 minutes from the mystery shack." (Y/N) replied Notes: This is the first part of my Bill x Reader. If y'all like it tell me. I might turn this into its own book, comment if you think I should. Chapter 4 : The List I have to write Notes: This isn't a chapter sorry This is my list of one shots to write. Supernatural: Charlie Adam Gabriel Lucifer Kevin Crowley Dean Sam Cas Benny Percy Jackson/Heroes of Olympus: Piper Annabeth Luke Percy Calypso Leo Hazel (friends) Reyna Thalia Katie Lacy Harry Potter: Young Sirius Hermione Luna Ginny George Charlie Bill Oliver Star Wars: Rey Kylo Finn Poe Marvel: Loki Bucky Clint Sam Wanda Nat Pietro Peter Peter (X-men) Suicide Squad: Harley Captain Boomerang Joker Deadshot El Diablo Enchantress Katana Real People: Dan Phil Wes Shane Lasercorn Anthony Flitz Mari Courtney Olivia Noah Keith Librarians: Cassandra Stone Zeke Gravity Falls: Wendy Bill Dipper Mabel Robbie Doctor Who: Rose Jack Amy Clara Doctor Master Martha Mickey Once Upon a Time: Hook Felix Pan Henry Red Regina Hunger Games: Katniss Gale Total Drama: Gwen Duncan Sammy (Samey) Shawn Trent Zoey Mike I think that's it. Tell me if ya want anyone. Alyssa (Social media: Instagram: deaths_daughter__ Snapchat: Alyssa_fantrash [plz don't ask]) Chapter 5 : Charlie Bradbury x Reader Summary: Reader is the middle Winchester sibling and was mentally abused by John for being a girl. Dean and the reader get in a fight which ends in the reader leaving with her new girlfriend Charlie. Read for more Notes: This is a girlxgirl ¤Your POV¤ "(Y/N) we need to move now!" Dean yelled at me. Being the middle Winchester sibling and a female sucked sometimes. Don't get me wrong, I love my brothers to death and would gladly die for either of them but they treat me like a child who can't take care of herself. "So start moving!" I shouted back beheading one of the vampires. "You have to go first!" He exclaimed. "No Dean, I don't. Despite what you might think I am both intelligent and capable of handling myself. Now get out!" I replied walking calmly through the vampire infested hallway, attacking the ones who came near me. He didn't reply, he just stood there waiting for me. "Go and get Sammy, Dean." I told him as I walked past him. "Sam is already in the car. You'd know that if you actually listened to me for once in your life (Y/N)." He replied snarkily. "Fuck off Dean." I spat at him before turning down a different hallway. "Where the hell do you think you're going?!" Dean hissed at me. "To find a new mode of transportation. I don't particularly feel like being lectured today Dean." I replied opening the door marked garage. "You don't get to make that choice (Y/N). You clearly need us considering you almost died tonight. You're acting like you've never hunted before. You're completely useless!" He yelled at me. "Go away Dean. I don't want to talk to you right now. I'll meet you guys back at the bunker, which I plan on moving out of by the way." I replied, tears threatening to fall as bad memories played over and over again as I was hotwiring a black Harley Davidson motorcycle. "You aren't getting away from this conversation (Y/N)." He growled. "Yes Dean I am. Now leave me the fuck alone." I replied pushing past him to get a helmet. Once seated on my new bike I revved the engine and sped out of the house and away from my family. Even though we were a fair way away from the bunker I managed to get there by the time the sun started to rise. I opened the door and sighed "Prison, sweet prison." I muttered under my breath making my way to the bathroom. After having a shower that I most desperately needed I went to my room and started packing. 《2 hours later》 I had finished packing and was now just waiting for Sam and Dean to get back. I heard a car park out front and a knock on the door. That's weird. I thought grabbing my gun. "Sam, Dean, (Y/N) it's Charlie. Can I come in?" Her voice was muffled by the thick door. "Hang on a sec Char." I replied opening the door. "Hey Doll, what can the bunker offer you today." I greeted her. "I just need a place to lay low for a couple of days. Where are the boys?" She replied, realising that they weren't standing behind me to say hi. "I had a fight with Dean on our hunt and decided to steal a motorcycle rather than deal with being called a failure and a screw up by the person who used to protect me from being called those things by our father." I replied with a grimace. "Oh, I'm sorry I didn't mean to..... Do you want to eat Dean's pie and have a movie marathon with me?" She asked. "Y'know what Char. I'd love to." I replied with a smile, my first genuine smile in a long time. "You're really pretty when you smile (N/N). You should do it more often." Charlie said with a blush staining her cheeks. I felt my own start to heat up. "T..thanks Char. Come on. I wanna watch the Mummy and Harry Potter before I go." I replied pulling her into the mini cinema I had set up. "What do you mean go?" She asked. "I'm moving out. I can't live with them anymore. They treat me like glass that could shatter at any second. I'm not even allowed on demon hunts anymore. I hate it and I feel useless." I replied with a lump forming in my my throat. She didn't reply but one look at her face told me everything I needed to know. "Hey, don't be sad. We have pie to eat and movies to watch." I said trying to remain cheerful. Charlie smirked and put in the first DVD. After watching the 3 Mummy movies (I know there are four but the fourth one doesn't exist. I hated it and they had the wrong Evie.) I got up and made us some popcorn. Charlie came into the kitchen to help me carry the bowls and drinks back. "So, how many more movies do you think we can finish before Dumb and Dumber get home?" I asked pressing play on the DVD menu. "Like 2 maybe 3." Charlie replied with a small snicker at my nicknames for the boys. "Hey Char, thank you. For everything." I said smiling softly at her. "Not a problem (N/N). I love hanging out with you." She replied. "And I love you." I muttered under my breath hoping that she wouldn't hear me. Unfortunately because we were right next to each other she did. "Y...you what?" She stuttered. To late to back out now (Y/N). I thought. "I love you Charlie. I love how your hair shines in the sun, I love the way your eyes light up whenever you get excited, I love the way you always find a way to make me smile, even on my worst days. I love you Charlie Bradbury and I think that you are perfect in every single way." I said feeling my face get hotter with each word. "I love you too. You're my best friend and god you're beautiful. Your laugh gives me butterflies and whenever you smile you make me weak at the knees. You are perfect to me and I never in a million years thought you would feel the same way about me. (Y/N) Winchester you're so perfect, will you be my girlfriend?" She replied looking at me hopefully. I grinned and nodded before kissing her gently. "I would love to be your girlfriend Char. Will you run away with me?" I said taking her hand and lacing our fingers together. "Yes, let's go on an adventure (Y/N)." She replied happiness lacing through her voice. I kissed the top of her head and turned back to the screen. "We missed the first 30 minutes of the movie." I giggled. "Whoops. I guess we were busy confessing our undying love for each other to notice." Charlie replied laughing. We managed to get halfway through the Goblet of Fire before I heard Dean pull Baby into the garage. "They're ba-ack." I sang creepily. "(Y/N)! Where are you?!" Sam yelled. "In my happy place!" I yelled back winking at Charlie. "Why is Charlie's car out front?" Sam asked walking into the theater. "Maybe because I'm here." Charlie replied sassily. I snorted and Sam came over to hug Charlie. "Hey Sam." She said with a tight smile. "Why are you here? Are you in trouble?" He asked fussing over her like a mother hen would her chicks. "You know me Sam. I'm always in trouble." She replied with a wink. "(N/N) what happened between you and Dean? He won't tell me but he keeps muttering curses under his breath and something about stubborn little sisters." Sam asked once he was sure Charlie was okay. "He doesn't think I can handle myself in the field so we got in an argument. He told me I was useless so now I'm moving out and taking my girlfriend with me." I replied sighing unhappily. "Dean called you useless?! I'm gonna kill him." Sam exclaimed angrily, remembering what John used to call you and how upset it used to make you. "Don't bother. Just let him know that I won't be speaking directly to him for a long time." I replied. "Wait a minute did you say girlfriend?" Sam asked a minute or so later. "Yeah, Charlie and I started dating like three movies ago." I replied casually. "Fucking FINALLY!!!" Sam exclaimed happily. That caused all of us to start laughing, until Dean came in. "What's all the laughing for?" He asked. "Why do you care Dean?" Sam asked coldly. "Because I am trying to sleep and this is disturbing the quiet." He replied narrowing his eyes. "Tell Dean he won't have to worry about that anymore. Charlie and I were just leaving." I said to Sam with sad eyes. "(Y/N) why don't you just tell me yourself or can't you do that either?" Dean snapped at me. His words and his tone broke my walls that I had tried so hard to keep those memories behind. My eyes filled with tears and I whipped my head towards him. Glaring at him I hugged Sam, grabbed all of mine and Charlie's favourite movies and ran out of the room. I didn't stop running until I got to the room I had been using as my own. Shoving the movies in one of my bags I grabbed as many as I could carry at once and walked out of the room. The one thing that I was leaving behind is a picture of Sam, Dean and I together when Sam was 14, I was 16 and Dean was 18. We looked so happy and carefree. I couldn't bring myself to touch that photo, it was the one thing in my life that was always happy, always constant. Walking down the halls I made it to the garage and decided on taking a dark blue 1970's Ford Mustang. Putting my bags on the boot I headed for the wall where the keys hang. Grabbing them I popped the boot and started putting all my bags in. I needed to make one more trip back to 'my' room and that meant passing the theater. I stood there in the garage for a minute gathering my courage and walked back inside. I saw Charlie talking to Sam, calming him down and Dean was nowhere in sight. "H..hey guys, could you help me carry the rest of my stuff into the garage please?" I asked quietly, but I knew they heard me. Sam nodded and Charlie walked over and grabbed my hand. "You're gonna be okay, he can't hurt you." She whispered to me as we walked. I looked at her and gave a small half smile. "I'm gonna lose my phone Sammy. I'll call you when I get a new one." I said looking at my baby brother with all the love I could give him. He nodded and grabbed my other hand. As we walked side by side down the halls of the bunker I found myself humming the tune of 'Off to see the Wizard'. Charlie laughed and started to hum as well. Soon all three of us were skipping and humming down the halls. When we reached my room I grabbed two bags, Sam grabbed two and Charlie took the last one. Down in the garage after we had put the last of my bags in the boot I turned around and hugged Sam. "I'm gonna miss you Baby Bro." I said with tears leaking out of my eyes. "I'm gonna miss you too Big Sis. Don't forget to call." He replied. I smiled despite myself and said "Deja vu." Sam looked at me weirdly for a second before realising what I meant. We had said the exact same thing when he went to Stanford. "Do you wanna follow me in your car Charlie?" I asked when I had let go of Sam. "Yeah, I have all my stuff in there." She replied. I nodded and got into the Mustang. 《1 month later》 "Hey Char, how 'bout this one?" I asked pointing at a small rundown house with a 'For Sale' sign out the front. "It's cheap, haunted and totally our style." I continued when she looked at me. "Sure, we can make it a safe house for hunters as well." She said. I grinned and threw my arm over her shoulder. "You're the best babe." I said before kissing her. "I know." She replied once we had broken the kiss. 《2 months after buying the house》 Charlie and I were sitting cuddled up on the couch watching a horror movie and making fun of how stupid the people in it were when a knock on the door made me pause the movie. "I'm gonna go see who that is, be right back babe." I said getting up and heading to the door. Picking up the loaded gun we keep by the door I opened it. "(Y/N)?" Sam asked surprised. "Hiya Sammy, Dean. What can the Midway Station (of anyone gets that reference you are my best friend) do you for you today?" I replied not putting down the gun. "We heard there was a safe house for hunters, we need a place to stay for a couple of nights." Sam replied. I put my gun down and motioned the boys inside. "Not even gonna check us? (Y/N) are you trying to die?" Dean asked snarkily. "I will have you know Dean Winchester that this house is impossible to enter unless you are human or have express permission from me or my girlfriend. I let you in and I can just as easily kick you out." I replied coldly. "Sam you can have the room next to Charlie's and mine, Dean you can have the one down the other end of the hall." I continued glaring at my older brother. I then turned and walked back to my girlfriend leaving one brother stunned and the other ashamed. "I heard everything, do you want me to talk to them for now?" Charlie said when I slumped back onto the couch. "Nah, I can do it. Just stick close, I don't want to end up breaking Dean's face." I replied. "That's my girl." She said. 《The next day》 ♢Dean's POV♢ I never meant for it to go that far, I didn't even mean what I said but I couldn't stop myself from saying it. My heart hurt seeing my baby sister glare at me like I was one of the monsters that we hunted. Sammy won't talk to me anymore, unless it's about a case and I was slowly going crazy. I had managed to break my family apart because I can't filter my own damn words when I'm angry and worried. "(Y/N) can I talk to you please?" I asked. She glanced at me and nodded, getting up from her position at the table, researching for our case. "What Dean?" She asked, her voice cold and distant. "I want to apologize. I shouldn't have said those things to you and I definitely didn't mean them. I'm not good at this, but the thought of you getting hurt makes me angry, it makes me worry (Y/N) and I can't, I can't bear to think of you ending up like Mom or Dad or Bobby or any other of our friends and family. It hurts so much when I see you looking at me like I'm a monster and Sam won't even talk to me unless it's about a case. I single handedly destroyed the one thing that keeps me going and I hate myself for that." I said, my voice kept breaking and (Y/N) had tears in her eyes. "Oh (N/N) please don't cry. I hate it when you cry." I begged eveloping her in a hug. "You're an idiot Dean. I love you so much big brother and it hurt so bad when you said those things to me. I couldn't handle it. I don't think I'd be here if Charlie wasn't. Promise you won't do it again, please." She asked burying her head into my chest. "I promise (N/N)." I said. "Good, now I have a little brother to talk some sense into." She said drying her eyes and getting out of our hug. "Are you and Charlie going to come back to the bunker or are you going to stay here?" I asked. "We're going to stay here. It's a safe haven for hunters and I know for a fact that most hunters wouldn't have clean clothes or a good meal if we weren't here." She replied. "Keep doing good lil sis." Was all I said in reply. ♢Your Pov♢ "Sammy, Dean apologized and we're all good now, talk to him please. He hates himself so much right now." I said when Dean had gone to have a shower. "I will, but he was awful to you." Same replied frowning slightly. "Sam I forgave him, you should too." I said quietly. Sam nodded, "If you're sure." He said. 《1 week later》 "Be safe boys, come back anytime you want." I said hugging my brothers goodbye. "Smell you later bitches." Charlie said giving them both a hug as well. "Don't hurt my sister Charlie." Dean said sternly. "Wouldn't dream of it Dean. She's the best thing that ever happened to me." Charlie replied seriously. "Good, we'll see you two soon." He replied. Charlie and I stood on the front porch of our house waving goodbye. "So, do you want to have a hobbit and Lord of the Rings movie marathon?" I asked once the boys had driven out of sight. "Hells yeah!" Charlie yelled happily. I laughed at my dorky girlfriend. "Come on then." I laughed walking inside. "(Y/N) you are seriously the best thing that ever happened to me. I love you beyond words." Charlie said grabbing my hand and pulling me into a sweet kiss that quickly turned passionate. "Charlie I love you beyond the moon, the stars and galaxies far far away, where they fight with glowing laser swords and a substance they call the force. I love you Charlie and that is never going to change. So will you do me the great pleasure of becoming my wife?" I asked getting down on one knee and pulling out a ring. "Oh my god Yes!" Charlie replied ecstatically. I put the ring on her finger and she looked at it closely. "(N/N) are these wands?" She asked. "Yep, Hermione and Ginny's because who doesn't ship those two?" I replied with a grin. "I love you." She said with a smile. "I know. I love you too." ================================== 3115 words. Tada, longest one shot I've written. I hope you like it. Sorry if any of the characters seem OOC. I'm currently in Hawaii for the next 10 days as well. I'm so happy :))))))) Lots of love Alyssa