Summary: Kylo senses Hux's anxiety and offers to help him. He seems to want to cuddle with Hux, and to talk about the past. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) An insistent pounding at the door. A blinking light on the door control panel. Can’t let him in. Won’t. Can’t see me like this. Go away. Just don’t have come. Can’t let him in. On jittering reluctant feet, Hux took steps towards the door. Stiff legged, staccato steps, each one wanting to turn around and go another way. Can’t let him in. Why am I letting him in? The door was open now and the Knight took up space in the doorway, standing in that confusing way he had that was part imposing and part hesitant. “I sensed your distress,” Ren said, in his measured and serious tone. “It’s disturbing.” “I’d rather not…” “You should meditate with me again. It would help you.” “I won’t have this discussion here.” Hux’s tone was stilted, voice catching in his mouth. “Come in.” Ren stepped into the room and closed the door behind him with a movement of his hand, before advancing on Hux like a wave on the ocean. “We need to sit and be quiet and comfortable. Couch or bed?” His hand was on Hux’s sleeve. Typically warm. He was stroking Hux’s upper arm now. It felt… nice. His great canvas-bound arms folded around Hux, hugging him. “You don’t have to do this, Ren.” “I choose to.” He was so big and warm and solid, and Hux wanted to be held. And he didn’t want to be held. And more than anything, he didn’t want to be the sort of person who wanted to be held. Certainly not now. Almost more than he wished, somewhere in a badly hidden part of his insides, that he could be the sort of person who wanted to be held. Perhaps it would make things easier. It would surely make this thing with Ren easier. Ren asked again. “Couch or bed? I’ll take my boots off, it’s OK.” “I don’t need this.” Ren tilted his head and made a “hmmm?” sound. Hux resigned himself to picking one of the two options. He could have had no part of it and thrown Ren out but now that he was here… “Bed. The couch isn’t comfortable.” “OK. You should be in comfortable things. Boots and jacket off. Put on something loose.” Hux loosed his belt, unfastened his jacket and, having removed it, carefully hung it up. He brushed the front of his jacket for a while longer than usual. Finding the correct focus again, he took off one boot, then, sighing heavily, the other. He placed them against the wall, aligned correctly. It was right. His hands weren’t right as he unbuttoned his breeches. He could do this. He could make it right, at least this part, just by being careful. Might lose track of time. Might take too long on this. Must keep proper focus. The breeches were correctly clipped onto their hanger and correctly aligned. It was right. Hux put on a pair of training sweat pants, and sat on his bed, back to the headboard. Ren had shed his outer layers and stood in leggings, undershirt and socks. He settled down next to Hux, shoulder to shoulder with him. “Now we’re going to breathe together. You can follow my breathing. Follow me, OK?” Hux assented. “And you will feel my mind come close to yours. You can let me in if you so choose. Or you can know I am nearby.” His breathing slowed – it was easy to follow along with Kylo’s breathing and feel his warmth, always there close by. Hux’s mind felt softer, slower and a little sleepy. There was a presence, dark and soft and calming. Kylo was gently squeezing his hand. It was OK. Nice, even. Easy. Now he was applying gentle pressure to the front of Hux’s shoulders and across his collarbone where the tension had gathered. It was warmer and softer than it the touch of a hand would have been – he must have been using something of the Force. “That’s better. I helped you.” There was a hint of pride in Ren’s voice that Hux couldn’t help but find endearing. Then Ren pressed a light kiss to his temple, and that, too, he couldn’t help but find endearing. “Why are you doing this?” “We take comfort in one another.” “Yes, but why?” “Because we can. Who else do we have but one another?” The tension rose up and seized hold of him again. “I’m sorry,” Kylo murmured, and the warm hands of the Force calmed Hux again. “It is simply the way things are. We take comfort in one another and I find myself attuned to you. I choose to comfort you. But not for my sake alone. I choose to.” Hux frowned and sighed. “I had it all,” he said, eyes fixed on the ceiling. “It was all working.” “I didn’t understand you before,” Kylo said. What good was it to talk of how things had been before. Hux had had it all, before . “But now we know something of each other. We have one another now. It’s more than I knew back then.” Before . Before the disaster. Before everything crumbled away and it had all proved to be for nothing. Before even the chance to pay the price and be thought of with honour had been taken away. “It’s no good.” It was very quiet. He couldn’t hear the low hum of the Finalizer ’s engines, or the gentle tapping noises that the heating and air conditioning system sometimes made. Something might be wrong and he wouldn’t hear it. “Ren, I can’t hear the ship.” With a broad gesture of his hand, Ren indicated a faint mauve-tinged glow in the air. A sort of membrane separated them from the rest of the room, and inside, it was quiet. It was like being on the inside of a soap bubble. “I made us a little protection,” he explained. “To help us feel safe, for a little while.” “What if there’s an alert? I won’t hear it.” “Alerts have visual signals, too. Flashing lights on your console. We’ll notice. Don’t worry.” Hux inhaled deeply and let it out in a long sigh. “If you must.” “It’s always safe here, but now it’s… more so. Just us. No work, no Order, no Leader, nothing.” “Won’t he notice if you’re shut off from him?” “No. It’s just like deep meditation. It’s something I’m supposed to be able to do.” Ren kissed him twice on the cheek. Letting this unpredictable man start making a habit of kissing him had been a decision made in despair and desperation. Hux wouldn’t have undone it for anything in the galaxy. “I had thought we were just, you know, seeing each other. Nothing too complicated. Nothing that would need all of this.” “Stop overthinking.” “Can’t.” Hux took a breath. “Kylo. I don’t need this. I don’t know what you’re trying to do, but I don’t need it. I took a peculiar turn, that’s all. I controlled myself, with your kind assistance. I can be back to normal in a moment. I have things to do. Battles to plan. So much to do. Should have started already. Got behind. Lost too many good people.” He was shaking and his hands beat out an irregular rhythm on the mattress. Ren held him again. “Breathe with me. Follow me.” The calming presence was there once more. “I wish you’d known how to be calm before, Ren.” “I have learnt much.” Kylo’s big warm hands caressed his upper arm. “I learnt some things about you.” “Oh.” Hux’s stomach sank and a small ache grew in his head. What files had Ren been reading? Who had he been talking to? Or interrogating. Yet, perhaps he could help, if help was even the right word. Hux was so tired. “We can sleep here,” Kylo said. “Yes. It’s my bed. But it’s only 20:04. I have things to do.” Kylo shushed him. “Maybe a nap, then.” “Maybe a nap,” Hux allowed, settling himself against Ren’s shoulder. “You look so beautiful like this.” “Oh. OK.” “You do. Do you remember what I said about the time we met?” “I’m sure you’ve said.” “I thought you were quite lovely. I mean, I found you very attractive. On first sight.” “No. You didn’t.” “I did. I like telling you this story. I then found you objectionable and obstructive, but I’ve always thought you’re pretty” “Don’t say that.” “You are.” “No. Not ‘pretty’. Makes me feel small and girlish. Don’t like it.” “Well. In that case. Slender and elegant. I like your shape. Your fine bones. Long fingers. Can’t explain why. I just like it.” Ren wrapped an arm around Hux, and spread his hand over Hux’s waist, heavy and warm. “Lovely.” “Ugh. Makes me feel pathetic, needing a big strong man to hold me and look after me.” “No, a big strong man is choosing to hold you and look after you. Because he wants to. With all my strength and my powers, can’t I do what I want?” “You usually do. Beats following orders.” “I do try,” Ren said, earnestly. “Sometimes things happen.” “I suppose they do.” “We both failed. Me more than you – you see, I can admit it. But he didn’t do away with us, so here we are. If I want to spend my time with you I shall. You like it.” “I do. I wish I didn’t, but I do.” Ren’s hand was welcome and soothing on Hux’s waist. His breath, hot against Hux’s hair as he spoke. “Were you happy before?” “When things went well, yes, I suppose.” “I wasn't asking about your work.” “Oh, OK. I don’t know. You?” Ren’s voice was low and thoughtful. “Sometimes. More than I realised. A long time ago.” “Well, happiness is for fools.” “You were happy sometimes. A long, long time ago.” Hux refused to think about it. He wouldn’t cry. “When I was little more than a baby. But we all had to work hard.” “I want you to be happy again. Just temporarily. If you don’t like it. It’s an experiment.” “OK.” “You could remember those times.” “No. Kylo, it’s too much. It’s all in the past. We all had to work hard. I worked hard. I worked so fucking hard and it’s all gone.” He took a shivering breath. Ren shushed him again, with soft kisses on his forehead. “You’re OK. It’s alright here, just for now.” He paused before speaking again very gently. “You remember your mother.” “Don’t make me. Yes. She was tall and thin. Like me. Light hair. Grey eyes. She worked at the school. I think she wanted a different kind of job. I’m not sure. She didn’t have the determination. Weak willed, you see.” Ren listened intently, and pulled a face at the last comments. “An incisive character assessment. Original, too.” “Yes. Whatever.” “Did she read to you? Was she nice to you?” Ren almost whispered his awful questions into Hux’s hair. “Yes. She did. She was.” It was almost unbearable. Many things could be borne, however. “Did she have a special name for you, or did she use your whole name?” “Yes.” “Tell me.” “I can’t.” Hux closed his eyes tightly. “I want to know. It’s important.” “How can it be? How can it be important, Ren? Now?” “It’s important to me. I feel guided. By the Force.” “Look inside if you want to know. That’s what you do , isn’t it?” “No. I’d rather you just say.” “Can’t.” “OK. You sleep now. It’s warm and quiet. I’m here.” Absurd that he should expect Hux to simply sleep after probing so deeply into him. Without even using the bloody Force, simply by letting Hux’s weakness finally unfold itself and leak his stupid secrets. Yet it was so warm and comfortable, and Hux did so badly want to rest. “I still don’t know why you’re doing this.” “Because I want to,” Ren said. “We only have each other. I choose this.” In an almost imperceptible whisper he added “I need this.” He was so warm and comfortable for Hux to rest against and nestle close to. After a few minutes, words rose up and lay heavy in Hux’s throat, refusing to be swallowed again. “She called me Mitzi, when I was tiny.” “Mitzi.” Ren’s voice was still quiet, but thick. “Can I call you that?” “No. Not now. No.” “OK. I shan’t, then. If you change your mind, though? Tell me. Please.” Hux couldn’t help but weep silently onto Ren’s clothes for a short moment. He was surely broken, bleeding out his secrets freely. He stopped his crying; either for his sake or Ren’s, he wasn’t sure. Ren soothed him, his own voice a little shaky, and he let himself fall into a short sleep. Notes: join us soon in chapter 2 for real heavy duty sobbing in the bad sad lonely boys' protective force bubble treehouse. Chapter 2 Summary: Memories come to the surface. An unbroken line joins the past to the present. Ren wants to be kind. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Hux had been hard at work refining changes to the Stormtrooper character and loyalty assessment. The question of how to assess and manage loyalty and group cohesion had been pressing ever since the FN-2187 incident and the subsequent handful of copycat incidents. He was satisfied with the new plan of action he and Phasma had agreed, which would flag up inappropriate levels of peer empathy while continuing to encourage group cohesion, loyalty and obedience. Phasma’s feedback suggested the new tests were working well. Hux had a small worry, a nagging unease, a feeling that could be best put into words as what if I didn’t pass that test . Although it was quite silly. He would of course, if he were required to take it, pass the test. He knew exactly how to pass the test. Passing tests was something he was extremely good at. He put the thought from his mind. For now, though, he had a batch of reports from various division leaders that needed to be read and commented and signed off on. *** Ren leant against the wall, doing nothing but looking at Hux, who was turned round in his chair, gazing back. Hux knew, though, that he couldn’t afford to sit and tell the fortune of Ren’s face, picking out the notes of hope and desire and sadness from it as if he were at a wine tasting. “I’m here again,” Ren said at last. “You are.” “I want to be close to you,” he said. Hux smiled to himself at this. “It keeps me balanced. Your energy in the Force, it… resonates.” Hux shook his head and sighed. “I’m busy. If you want, you can sit by me while I finish commenting these reports.” “We could sit on the couch.” “No, Ren, I’ll finish these up quicker at my desk.” Ren took off his cowl and surcoat, to Hux’s raised eyebrow, then folded them up into a makeshift cushion. He placed it on the floor by Hux’s desk, and sat. He sat quietly, as if meditating, and perhaps he was – it was neither Hux’s zone of interest not his area of expertise to be able to tell for certain. Eyes closed and face serene. Elegant in profile. Haunting, with his great savage scar, and jarringly beautiful. Hux allowed himself another thin smile. An odd creature, this one. An irritant, an obstacle in his way, wilfully obstructive, and the only comfort in his life. It was a bitter kind of irony, that they should have been brought together by awful, hideous failure. Each of them had previously been forged to their purpose in two very different fires, and now their failures had changed them again, had weakened and softened them. Kylo claimed, in his typical oblique, self-important, quasi-mystical way, to have been both weakened and strengthened. Kylo did rather like to have a justification for everything he did. Hux should not be letting himself get distracted. He read another report and added comments. In places, he felt at the peak of confidence in his ability to communicate accurately and concisely, satisfied that he was doing a far better job than others could manage in his place. Mere minutes later he was hesitant, and doubting his judgement. He was starting to lose his thread again. He felt a gentle touch near his knees as Ren played with the cloth of his breeches, tracing the seams with a finger, toying with the buttons. It was not at all unpleasant. He looked down, and Ren rested his face against Hux’s thigh. He reached a hand into Ren’s hair. So soft. “Your hair is still a disgrace, you know.” Ren’s arm reached up around his waist. The Knight was clinging to him now. “I like to be close to you.” It was unnaturally quiet again, which meant the protective bubble was surely in place. Hux was tempted to glance up and check for the same mauve-tinged glow he’d seen those few nights ago, but felt that to do so would be a chase after phantoms. “Do you want me to… or would you lie down with me and, well, you won’t call it meditation? I want to feel your presence in the Force. Something there draws me in.” Normally, as far as anything about their odd little arrangement of a relationship could be considered normal, Hux would have seized upon any offer of sex. Normally, Ren wouldn’t have been so coy. Hux was still tempted to take up the offer, as the option that involved less talking. He looked over his last few comments and signed out of the documents. “Finished now.” He stood and made his way to his bedchamber, and began to unfasten his jacket. “Let’s lie down together, then.” So, once in loose shirt sleeves, they lay down. As before, they breathed together. Ren stroked the back of Hux’s hand. “That’s nice. I’m trying not to think about all this, because I can’t find sense and reason in it. I shan’t waste energy trying.” “Good," Ren said, low and soothing. "Don’t think too much. Breathe. Feel the Force pass through you.” “I don’t feel those things.” “You do, a little. You feel when I warm you.” “I suppose.” “You think it serves you to pretend to be a piece of stone.” Hux tensed and winced; Ren’s words found the weak spots in him, even when Ren was trying in his own way to be kind. “Shhh.” Ren’s voice was low and soft and terribly compelling. “Let me warm you where you are cold. I see so much now. Empty places we can fill.” “You’re not in there without me knowing?” “No. No. You would know. I feel the resonance of you. The shape of it.” Hux’s brow twitched and he made an annoyed whine. “Shh. Breathe with me.” He breathed, following Ren’s lead again, and his mind slowed a little. Ren’s hair brushed his neck. “Did you think about what I asked you the last time we lay here?” “I don’t know, Ren.” It was all rather too much. Some things were kept locked away for a reason. But they had begun to spill and leak and make themselves known. The worst of it was that it hadn’t all been Ren’s sorcery. The mattress shifted as Ren turned onto his side to face Hux. “We can find more balance if we lean on each other. Let me.” It was like a whisper in his mind, barely heard, barely remembered. Mitzi . ~Mummy collecting him from Auntie Jo’s, her big work apron folded up and tucked into her bag hiding a box of leftovers from the school kitchens, back to the apartment which must have been tiny but of course that was good preparation for living on a starship, if he’d only known. Mummy had borrowed a book from Mrs Willan and they were going to read it together~ Hux’s heart tore apart. His stomach fell away from him and his arms and hands felt numb against his bed sheets. This is what it would feel like to step off a walkway into nothingness. This is what it would feel like to lose one’s mind and be on the outside of one’s life, unable to get back in. He heard Ren’s voice again. Maybe only seconds had passed. “Can I? Please. Can I just for now, call you by that name? I want to have something from when you were happy.” “Well,” Hux said, his voice shaking, lips slightly numb, tears building up pressure and threatening to spill, “we all – ‘all’ – I mean most of us who matter the most,” hating the phrase as it fell off his tongue, “know what your mama must have called you when you were small and happy. But we aren’t permitted to say it. Pain of death and all that. So.” “I won’t tell anyone.” Ren was so earnest, and his voice was breathy with anticipation. “Please. You know, so say it. We’re safe here. Nobody but us here. Please.” Hux frantically searched for ways it could be a trap. He had plausible deniability on his side. If Ren claimed that they had been here, in this bedroom, and the General had spoken his forbidden birth name, it could simply be flatly denied. He could probably make even Snoke buy it. And if not, Ren’s hands were not clean in this. If it were a trap, it would be one of mutually assured destruction. He rolled onto his side to face Ren. He had no idea what the hell he was doing nor why. “Ben,” he said. Ren’s reply was a harsh, tearing sob. His eyes widened in anguish, then he lowered his face and curled in on himself. He shook and sobbed and cried fat wet tears; and clung pathetically to Hux. “Mitzi.” His voice was thick with tears and he clutched Hux against his wet face. “Mitzi. I’m… I’m sorry.” “I don’t understand,” Hux said, his own salt tears coating his cheek, running down over his temple and onto his ear. “What is this? What is this? We can’t both be like this. I don’t understand.” He held tightly to Ren, and wept. “Why?” “We need to lean on each other,” Ren said in a shaking voice. “Take comfort in each other. I’m so sorry.” Hux reached up and took a loose handful of Ren’s hair, resting his fist against Ren’s neck. “Why? I let you do this. Why?” “I’m sorry. I’m sorry you’re sad. I’m sorry about everything.” Ren’s face was red and his eyes were puffed and swollen. An embarrassing state to be in. Hux’s own face must have been in such a state. It was past the point of mattering. “Did you know this was going to happen?” “I don’t know.” Surely he must have known, Hux thought. He must have known what he was setting himself up for. Was he selfishly using Hux’s pain as a way in to his own catharsis? Hux bloody hoped not. He sighed heavily and shakily. It was just as likely, if not more so, that Ren really had been caught out by the intensity of his own emotions. It had happened before, he was fairly sure. Hux laid his hand softly against the dry side of Ren’s cheek. “You said this was important.” “I did.” Ren took Hux’s other hand and laced their fingers together. “It is. And we’re safe here, I promise.” Hux brought Ren’s hand to his lips and kissed it. “I seem to be trusting you in this.” “It is the guidance of the Force.” Hux didn’t want to know about the bloody Force, yet Ren’s certainty was reassuring. “It was so long ago. Why do I need to go back to it?” “An unbroken line joins then and now.” “What is this unbroken line? From my point of view, there was very much a before and an after. Isn’t that the whole point of this? One day I lived with my mother and the next day I didn’t.” “Do you know what I said to my father?” Ren was animated and on the verge of agitated. “I said, your son is dead. I said, your son was weak and foolish, so I killed him.” Weakness. Weakness and how to eradicate it and replace it with strength. A guidebook. “I was weak and useless and all the rest of it, but you learn how to behave, how to keep working hard, don’t you?” “But nobody killed you.” “No.” Hux stroked Ren’s cheek again. “To be perfectly accurate, nobody killed you either. You are quite alive.” “Yes. Exactly.” Ren lowered his eyes and spoke hesitantly. “I thought that I could end one thing and begin another. Death is death, rebirth is rebirth. But it isn’t like that.” “I expect it was symbolic,” Hux said, bitterly. “I don’t get on terribly well with the symbolic, as you know.” “Let me put it this way for you. It isn’t as much of a discontinuity as I would have liked to believe. It is a continuity. An unbroken line.” “Well. Quite. I am not having trouble with the concept of continuity. It’s…” he paused and sucked in air, “the sadness. The regret. The terrible lack of something. That you keep forcing me to remember.” His chest shivered and his cheeks dampened again. “I’m not forcing you.” “No. I know. You’re not. And doesn’t that make it worse?” “We aren’t droids. You can wipe a droid’s memory. Install new modules, new memories. Program it to your every need. We aren’t droids: we’re men.” “It would be easier if I were a droid.” “No it wouldn’t.” Ren wrapped himself around Hux, tightly. “No. Mitzi darling, no, it wouldn’t.” Hux wept quietly into the warmth of Ren’s shoulder. He hadn’t balked at the “darling” although maybe he should. It was all part of the same pain. Everything, just everything, hurt. He sat up suddenly, and looked down at Ren, who took his hand again. “Are we… friends?” he said. “I don’t understand quite what we are any more.” “Maybe. We could be. Just here.” He squeezed Ren’s hand tightly for a moment, then swept his hands over his face, pressing the heels of his hands over his damp eyes. “I don’t know what this is and it hurts so much but I don’t want to stop.” “Don’t worry, Mitz.” Hux smiled thinly through his tears. “Maybe you could call me that. That might be OK. Just here. As part of your experiment.” “Thank you.” Kylo looked so earnest and hopeful. “Maybe we would be friends. As part of the experiment.” Friends. ~Building things with blocks, with Sally, and Maron. Auntie Jo said to Mummy when she came to collect him, “look at the lovely castle Armitage has made with his friends” He’d wanted to be king and Sally had wanted to be queen and Auntie Jo had said they could be king and queen together but they didn’t want that and he’d shouted ‘I don’t want to marry Sally’ and Sally had gone off to be queen of something else and Maron was playing with his TIE fighters.~ It was so vivid, yet if you’d asked him yesterday if he remembered a little boy called Maron who collected toy starfighters he’d have said no and looked straight through you like you needed reconditioning. Friends. Hux decided he had questions. “Did you have friends, before? And this is a stupid question, but are your Knights your friends? Sorry if that’s inappropriate terminology.” “The answer to the first question is either yes or no, depending on who you ask.” Hux spoke very softly. “I’m asking you . Ben.” Ren’s face crumpled. He sniffed back more tears. “I did. It was good at times. Sometimes it was hard, because of how I am. I learned not to need friends. And I don’t. I really don’t. Except…” “Except like this?” “Except you. Like this. It hurts. Does it hurt for you?” “I said, didn’t I? It fucking hurts so much.” “I’m sorry. It’ll be OK. Things hurt, when you’re not a droid.” He gave a weak hollow laugh. “Even if you are.” “What?” “I used to know a droid who complained a lot.” “Oh.” “You should have met him. He’d have liked you.” Ren had had all these people around him. People and droids, and it must all have been such a mess. “Did I tell you I wanted to go home, with my father?” “I think you did. You were saying a lot of things when we brought you back.” “Sometimes I still want to go home, Mitz.” “I don’t have a home to go to, really.” “Nor do I. I wasn’t supposed to let anywhere feel like home. So in that, I have failed.” He looked into the middle distance, at nothing. “Dad said they missed me.” He started to weep again. Hux didn’t have anyone to miss him. How could Ren not see this? “I didn’t believe him,” Ren continued. “They missed someone who never existed. The good son. But at the same time…” he gathered himself , “this is what I have to put together.” “Carry on. You might as well.” “This is what I have to make sense out of. There is an unbroken line that passes through all these points. I have to know it. I must learn to be wise, in my own right.” Hux wished, not for the first or fifth or fourteenth time that Ren didn’t have to make these oblique and cryptic pronouncements. Ren continued, anyway. “From one way of telling the story, they missed someone who never existed. From another, they missed me. There is some overlap. Some points in common. Somewhere in all of this is my balance.” “I can’t help you with any of that.” “You help me more than you know. The comfort I find in you…” “You turn to me when I’m at my weakest. How am I supposed to bring you strength?” “We lean on each other. That way we both stay standing. It helps you, too.” “It does.” They stayed for a minute or two completely silent, before Ren sat up, energised, possessed of an idea. “Is there anything you liked from back then that I could get for you. Some candy, maybe. What were your favourites?” “Don’t be silly.” “I go places. I can get things. It doesn’t have to be complicated. Did you have a favourite food? Something I can bring back for you. Because I’d like to.” “You’re actually serious about this.” “It’s something I need to do.” Hux went along with it. His own decision making had started to catch him off-guard. “I liked … There were some sweets that I liked. They were small hard sugar sweets, cherry flavoured, and they came in a box with a cherry tree on it.” Without really meaning to, Hux indicated the size of the box with his hands. “A box with a cherry tree.” “Ren, thirty years have gone by. The branding will have changed. They probably don’t even make them any more.” “I’ll look for them. And I’ll bring you other things, too. I’ll plant a hundred cherry trees on the flight deck. Please let me be nice to you.” “Cherry trees on the flight deck. How am I listening to this?” “Let me bring you your sweets.” “Honestly though, how will you find them?” Kylo smiled; his rare, uneven, fractured smile. “I’ll research. I’m good at research. Finding connections. Finding sources. I’m not just a big idiot with a lightsaber, you know.” “I know.” “How do you think I found out about you? Research. Minutes of meetings in the Imperial archives, which led me to journals, which led me to formulate the right questions and put them to the right people.” “What people? Don’t talk about me. Don’t talk to people about me.” “Don’t worry. I’m on your side now.” He patted Hux’s hand. “An aide to Admiral Sloane who remembered certain comments the Admiral had made, off the record. He won’t remember I ever spoke to him, you know,” he added, with a grin. “You seem very keen I should trust you.” “You already do.” And there was the horror of it. He already did. “Why are you doing this?” “It’s a challenge.” Ren's brows moved in thought. “I’ve never brought you a present before. I should make up for lost time.” Hux bit his lip. “I want to, Mitz. I want to give you things. I want to cherish you.” “I can’t have this be all one way. Is there anything you want that I can get you? I don’t exactly get much shore leave, but I can try.” “What I want is that which is most precious to you, and which I can’t, even with my powers, easily take from you. Time. Your time, your attention. Like this. And the chance to be like this.” He was right, of course. Hux’s time was rare and precious. It had scarcity value. But Kylo Ren was very powerful, and turned things to his will. At least, that was supposed to be the point of him. “So, could you not, then, with your powers, force me to pay attention to you,” Hux asked. “Only in a basic, rudimentary way. I could make it so that you could not look away, or you might hear my voice as you went about your business, but that isn’t the attention I want.” “You strike me as someone who always wants attention,” Hux said, fondly. “Well. One wants what one can’t have.” Notes: "Auntie Jo" was not a related auntie, but a coworker of Armitage's mother who ran the staff creche. Mrs Willan was the infant class teacher. Armitage's mother had befriended her and borrowed books and elementary math worksheets for her bright little boy. He was going to start school in the next few months and Mrs Willan was looking forward to having him in her class.