Once upon a time, in a distant galaxy, there was a young Prince. The youth knew not of his special heritage, but Was instead raised as a simple soldier, Under the command Of the nefarious Black Knight. The young man spent many years amongst the faceless soldiers, Eating, sleeping and training to Live, fight and die for their Black Knight. But he was alone. Despite his natural talent and prowess on the battlefield, His peers despised him. Loathing all that made him unique. Nonetheless, the hardships The Prince faced was nothing in comparison to dreams he held. Of the many worlds littered like jewels in the vast galaxy, Gazing up at the countless worlds, Longing for escape. One day, unbeknownst to his comrades, The Prince noticed something strange fall From the sky. Down, Down, Down it fell. A tail of black smoke and flame Following in its wake, Until it crashed deep in the wood. The Prince, curious to know what had happened, Journeyed on privately towards the crash site. Excited by the prospect of an adventure. Beneath the fire and brimstone that lay in its wake, The Prince found A Pilot. The Pilot was from the kingdom The Prince had been stolen from, And had accidently crashed down in enemy airspace. He was in search for, The Legendary White Knight. Legend had it, that The White Knight would find The Missing Prince, And restore balance to the Galaxy. The Prince, feeling pity for the injured pilot, Decided not to tell his superior of this discovery, Opting, instead, To tend the wounds of the frightened aviator. The Pilot – who was named Poe Dameron – knew not of a faceless Soldier capable of compassion. And was amazed by The Prince’s Tender ways. “What is your name?” “I don’t have one” “May I give you one?” “Of course” “Finn. I think I’ll call you Finn.” For the rest of the evening, The Prince and The Pilot Stayed together. A friendship blossoming from their strange encounter. The time soon came for The Prince to leave, But the Pilot could not move. Too weak and ill to continue on With his journey. So The Fair Prince, Promised to take care of him. Vowing to return once a week at evenfall, To nurture his new ward. And he kept his word. As the weeks passed by, The Prince and The Pilot would meet at evenfall, To maintain the health and welfare of The Pilot Poe Dameron, And to talk and listen to The Lonely Prince Finn. In that time, Poe grew fond of his carer, Excitedly awaiting the days for him to return to him once again. The feeling gradually turning into love for the youth. This feeling too, did Finn reciprocate, But he was afraid to show it. Love having being seen as a thing of weakness amongst his peers, Instead, opting to silence his desires for the handsome man he had rescued. But One Day, Finn failed to appear. Days passed, and Poe did not see the youth He was so smitten with. Believing that, perhaps, Finn had forgotten About him. But Poe was selfish and resilient, He wanted to see Finn and keep him to himself. Growing tired of his pining for the youth, He Eventually built enough strength to Leave his safe space, Off to find His Lost Love. And when Poe approached The Palace, The Faceless Soldiers where Waiting. The fight that ensued was effortless. And Poe soon found himself at the mercy Of The Black Knight. The Black Knight Kylo Ren, Knew of Poe’s mission, And believed he was there To retrieve The Lost Prince. The Black Knight locked The Prince and The Pilot Away. Adamant that they would not escape, Relieved somewhat, that The White Knight Had not been found. But there was one who did not agree with his actions. The Prince had helped A Scavenger At a time of great need, And knew it was her duty To save the man who had been So kind to her. Sneaking into the Palace, The Scavenger (Who was called Rey) Freed Poe and Finn From their prisons. But The Black Knight was waiting for them, And when he saw The Scavenger, He was struck with her ferocious beauty, And her kind heart. And with a jolt, realised That She Was The White Knight. The Black Knight swore that he loved her, For she was everything he was not, And fought the two men immediately. The Prince and Pilot were no match for the mighty warrior, And soon fell At his feet. The Knight attempted to seduce the girl With promises of treasure and power unlike any other. Declaring That a Lost Prince such as Finn, to be too low for her own Worth. But The White Knight, Rey, Could not be fooled. She defeated The Black Knight, And helped her two new comrades Escape. The trio arrived back at The Lost Prince’s Kingdom Returning him to his Birthright. The Return of The Prince And The Rise of The White Knight Was met with great jubilation All across the land. The White Knight would rally supporters from far and wide to help Defeat once and for all The Black Knight. And The Prince and The Pilot, Full of love for each other, where married. The Prince’s dreams, Finally coming true. Notes: Thank You for reading! :)