Armie Sarai Hux, a cold but beautiful woman, glanced down into the blanket with disgust at the product of betrayal. Pale skin, crystal blue eyes and a crop of red hair; yes, he was his alright. She hadn't wept when she made the discovery; what could she expect only that he would take mistresses but she hadn't expected for him to drop proof of it on their doorstep and leave her in charge of it. Instead, she was white with rage. Why shouldn't she be? While he was off at the Academy, how could he expect her to adhere to this without question? But her husband knew her better than that, he knew she wouldn't. He knew she wouldn't accept him but he didn't think she'd be cruel to Armitage; he was a child after all, a newborn. Perhaps he underestimated that Sarai would feel threatened and jealous, despite the child's mother rotting in the primitive hut he'd been born in, where she had been exiled to on the revelation of the pregnancy. "I don't care what you do with it." Sarai haughtily dismissed the meek woman holding the helpless weight in the blanket, one of her chamber maids; a pretty girl, young, who Brendol had probably already had his way with. The blonde, grey eyed wicked stepmother knew he was a boy, she knew his name was Armitage but to acknowledge those little details acknowledged he was human. This, this bastard brat, a mere result of her husband throwing around his authority and superiority to the women on the estate staff. "But I want nothing to do with it. Take it downstairs, keep it with your people and keep it away from me." Tana, the maid, looked down at the little boy whose face was starting to contort in discomfort. Please don't cry, little one, please don't. It seemed he didn't want to heed her. Whether it was hunger, thirst, a requirement for a new nappy or just the terrible atmosphere in the room; little Armitage began to wail. Much to Sarai's displeasure. "GET IT OUT OF HERE NOW!!" With as close to a bow as she could muster in a hurry and with the squalling child in her arms, Tana exited the room but stopped halfway down the corridor to fix him. "Sshhh sshhh sshhh....... It's alright, she's gone. I have you." Tana lifted the baby to her shoulder and secured him and the closer contact seemed to calm him significantly; for now. All the way back through the winding corridors towards the servants quarters; she rubbed his back, kissed his head and held him close to her form until she got to the kitchen where a number of the staff were waiting for her. "How did it go?" An older, stout woman called Marla, the head chef asked from over a bubbling pot. "About as well as we thought." Tana replied grimly, feeling the tiny hand against her cheek and nuzzling into it. "She's terrible. This isn't his fault, look at him! He's barely a day old! She said she wants nothing to do with him and she wants him kept away from her. And by that, she means down here." "So, his mistake and we're raising it?" Vas, one of the gardeners and less liked of the staff chimed in with a raised eyebrow; he should have realized his two cents weren't appreciated by Tana. "You're sounding like her! He doesn't have anyone else! His mum's gone, his father's a lecher and his step-mother is a psychopath!" With an exasperated sigh, Tana felt the shift of the tiny body resting against her shoulder and so gently swayed herself in an attempt to comfort the little half orphan. "Looks like you're staying with me, little one. I'll look after you." "We all know she won’t be happy until he puts one in her. You're going to need all the help you can get, love." Marla murmured, giving the pot a stir but carefully monitoring it so as to avoid an eruption later when Sarai's dinner was served if it wasn't to her liking; the house was already on edge with the new arrival. "We'll have a look for a few bits and pieces for him but you might need to make a trip into town. And don't expect thanks or gratitude when his father comes back." Tana already that much. She had seen the master, she had heard him speak and she knew of his fascination with the lower women. So far, Tana had escaped unscathed though being the self-appointed guardian to his son might put her in the spotlight. In the days, weeks, months and ultimately years that followed, it appeared little Armitage’s mother’s gentler personality had won out over his father’s significantly colder one. He was good natured, well behaved, slept plenty and ate often; Tana had no complaints but Sarai’s shadow seemed to dog the little redhead no matter how hard the servant girl tried to shield him. Tana continued to make good on her promise though; she had promised Sarai nothing but she had pledged little Armitage protection and as decent an upbringing as she could provide. It might not have been much to be skittering after her in and out of the kitchen but the little redhead knew no different or better; as far as he knew, she was his mother. His unsteady little steps at around a year old were used to help Marla in the kitchen, fetching things for her like utensils and vegetables until Tana came back at the end of the day. Exhausted, he was swept up and kissed and cuddled; he would doze on her lap, leaning against her chest while she ate her meager meal then gather up her adopted son again to bring him to bed. Armitage (or Armie as he was affectionately known by Tana and everyone else in the servant quarters) only saw his father a handful of times in those first few crucial years. Sometimes the elder Hux sought out the little boy, sometimes he didn’t and Tana preferred those times. When he returned from the Academy (usually only for a day or so at a time), his first port of call was Sarai and as if poisoned by his wife, the contact with the child seemed to lessen and lessen which suited Tana just fine. She felt even Armie was relieved by it since the child was affected by the icy, disinterested demeanour. Why did he even bother? If he had no intention of even being kind to the child, why did he inflict himself upon him? “He might be illegitimate but he’s still a son.” Marla’s wisdom seemed to shine through as always, though not quite fitting in with the image of her up to her elbows in bread dough. “And until he manages to get one from Sarai, if he manages it, he’s going to make sure he’s strong enough in case he’s the only son.” “And I think we both know Sarai would rather die than let that happen.” Tana responded bleakly, swallowing a scolding mouthful of soup at the end of a physically and mentally draining day. Leaning back slightly in her chair to take in the toddler’s face, her curiosity was satisfied when she found his eyes closed and his breathing slow as was the norm for that time of night. “Did he eat?” “Mmm. Spilled a bit on his way to the table.” “Sorry….” “He’s a child, Tana. It happens. A good child, at that. Nothing like his father, thank the Gods.” “He’s clever though, Marla. He knows the bells, he knows the different utensils and everything else…. It would kill me if he spent the rest of his life in a kitchen.” There was no possibility of removing Armitage to a more thriving environment, despite the concentrated hatred his step mother openly held for him; his father wouldn’t allow the child to be relocated. “His father knows he’s clever. You mark my words; if Sarai doesn’t produce as she’s supposed to, Armitage will go to the Academy. Hux won’t tell anyone he’s illegitimate, it won’t be on a need to know basis but I’m telling you, that child is a backup. Besides, would it be so bad if he did stay in the kitchen? Or working in the garden? He’s being raised among decent, hardworking folk; of course that’s going to rub off on him. We’ll make a proper lad out of him and not a stuck up little snot like he’d be if he was legitimate. He’s better off with us, Tana.” Wise as always, old Marla. “Can you still make the birthday cake next week?” “Aye. I put in an order for the basics, we’ll just need to chip in an extra bit each to order the chocolate without Sarai noticing. She’d go ballistic if she thought we were getting stuff for his birthday on the household budget. Did you manage to get him something?” “I’ll talk to the others and see if they’ll donate something.” Finished her soup; Tana’s thin, pale fingers raked her hair while her eyes closed and her temples were massaged. Why did it have to be so difficult to plan a small birthday party? It wouldn’t even be a party; just a cake, hugs and kisses. And it would have to be done in silence and secrecy. “I got him a ball.” The answer was almost shameful and though Tana knew she couldn’t do any better, the disappointment in herself was still there. “It’s all I could afford.” “I think I have a little bit saved somewhere, I’ll see what I have.” Marla offered gently but still grunting through the effort of kneading the dough. “Not to worry, love. You know what he’s like, he’ll love the ball even if it’s the only thing he has. Go on, take that child to bed. He’s exhausted.” The usual morning clatter of spoons, bowls, mugs and other breakfast paraphernalia indicated a day like any other. Everyone readied themselves for work even though some had departed already but were due back soon for their morning meal. Tana was no exception when she fought her way to where Marla stood waiting with the little redhead in her arms. “I love you.” The chamber maid told him with the routine kiss to his face, pausing for a moment when Marla dipped him so he could wrap his little arms around his ‘mother’s’ neck in a parting hug. “I’ll be back later, be good for Marla!” Just before she and the others hurried from the kitchen, frantic footsteps on the stone staircase disrupted the morning rush and doused everyone into silence. A few seconds later, one of the earlier maids appeared, a girl in her mid-teens called Nara. Nara darted to the table where she fell against it in relief of her exertion and seemed to stay there, panting, for almost a minute; much to the curiosity of everyone else. “Nar?” Tana poked her way through the crowd surrounding the collapsed maid who still heaved as though she had sprinted all the way from the upstairs of the opposite end of the house. “Nar, you alright?” Nara’s eyes flickered to her colleague; she didn’t seem to be damaged or in pain, simply disheveled. “You’ll never guess.” The younger of the two murmured, managing to prop herself up on the table to address the curious silence. “It’s happened. It’s finally happened. Sarai’s pregnant.” Chapter 2 : Change in Master Summary: Armie's birthday arrives along with a surprise visitor and dark intentions. Sarai gives birth. Notes: Between this and Precious Cargo, I have a theme of strange birthdays running!! So sorry about the delay, I’ve been studying for an exam so I’m back now! Learn to Love and Hate is next! As always, feedback is appreciated! Luckily for the house staff, Sarai spent her days in bed since discovering her pregnancy; as if the discovery itself was draining, prior to it had seen her be her usual tyrannical self. When Tana or any of the other maids tended to her, she complained constantly of how unwell she felt and how even getting out of bed was the most difficult of chores; much to the private amusement of the house staff. “Difficult of chores?!” Marla erupted with a disdained cough at dinner that evening, much to the entertainment of the others. “That woman finds getting herself to the toilet on time a chore! Wait till she gets to nine months and has six of them like I did, she’ll know all about chores!” All jokes and snide remarks about Sarai aside, the lady’s absence was gratefully received by Tana for it meant Armitage didn’t need to be confined to kitchen. On pleasant days (even if those were few and far between on Arkanis), he could play outside in the garden under the watchful eye of the maintenance staff, but only if he stayed to the front of the house and away from the view of Sarai’s window. Still, he helped out where he could; fetching things, carrying light things or even just acting as company to one of the staff who may need it, mostly Marla in the confined security of the kitchen as chief taster. The staff had managed to pool together enough for Marla to get the chocolate for the cake. Even if it was only a small comfort and a treat for the little boy, didn’t he deserve it? The afternoon of Armitage’s third birthday; the strange, unusual and unexpected happened: A surprise visit from Armie’s father. Naturally, the house went into frenzy though he seemed to ignore the fuss, to acknowledge it was below him. Whether the visit was to coincide with his son’s birthday or if it was coincidental was not known among the population of house staff and no one was willing to step out of line to ask. Tana, however, could not shake Marla’s words but she doubted he cared enough about the child to see him on the anniversary of the day he was abandoned amongst strangers. That sentiment was partially substantiated when he went straight to visit Sarai (that was normal, why would it have changed?) rather than Armitage and wasn’t seen for the rest of the day, seemingly having been swallowed by Sarai’s private chambers. “Haaaaaappy birthday to youuuuuuuu!” As was customary with any birthday, the last line of the song was paired with a deep breath in and another one out over the candles on a cake that Marla had worked so hard to perfect. When each individual flame had been extinguished to a chorus of cheers and applause, Armie twisted in Tana’s arms and buried his face in her neck in delight; the combination of delirium and embarrassment was one he didn’t quite understand yet. “Happy birthday, Fox Cub.” The tender murmur from mother to child was scarce to the ear but only Armitage heard it; fitting since it was meant for him and only him. “I love you so, so much.” The response was a tightening of his arms around her neck and a clumsy kiss to her cheek. He cracked another smile when the serious second of love had passed to let the playful affection resume; Tana marked that by rubbing her nose against his to a small squeal of pure elation. Marla was right; when presented with the ball, Armie clutched it tight and hugged his mother with little whispers of thanks that only she could really understand. No doubt he would find many hours of enjoyment with it and was already looking forward to them. Only one person in the kitchen did not seem to be sharing in the festivities. He stood apart, basking in the cool shadows by the staircase but with enough of a view of the birthday boy and the woman that had adopted him. He wore no smile like the others, nor did he clap or holler like anyone else; he simply stood mute and barely interested by the goings on of the kitchen that particular night. Did he have a purpose down there, where he rarely ventured? Possibly, even he wasn’t entirely sure. What did snag his curiosity, however, was how his son appeared to have latched on to one of the staff in particular. A pretty, pale skinned girl with green eyes and was, by all accounts attractive. Save maybe for the scraggly mousy brown hair and almost gaunt slimness. He had seen her before, she usually hovered nearby whenever he had one of his stannic visits with his son; he assumed she was stationed in that area or had simply been charged with watching over him. Watching them now though…. Yes, she was more than that. As if the mutual, physical interactions weren’t tell-tale enough, the movement of her lips against Armitage’s ear when he cuddled close could only be positive words of adoration. They clearly loved each other though Brendol had to wonder if his son even knew this woman wasn’t his mother. The birthday party (if it could even be called that) disbanded after cake had been shared out and Armie was passed around for kisses and cuddles, each one reciprocated with the utmost fondness and sincerity the three-year-old could muster. Needless to say, the excitement had been draining and so Armie was carried to bed, all the while struggling to keep his eyes closed. Slumber finally won over when he was changed into his night shirt, laid down and covered over where his busy day would be replayed and relished in high definition from behind closed lids. “Marla; you made the cake, you cooked the food, please just let me tidy up. Head to bed and I’ll see you in the morning.” Marla eventually conceded with a sigh, a wave then did as she was bid by Tana. With Marla gone, the chamber maid began doing her bit in repaying the older woman for her kindness by putting away plates, sweeping the floor, cleaning out the fire; all the little tasks that meant the kitchen was ready for the morning. Just as she was about to quench the last flickering illuminations to retire to bed; Tana’s heart jumped in her chest, startled by an unanticipated voice from the archway near the staircase. “He’s looking well; strong, healthy.” Petrified when the reality of who she found herself alone with set in, Tana spun on the spot to face the towering shadow. “I see you’ve kept him as your own?” He had never spoken to her directly, perhaps barked an order at her once or twice but never looked upon her when he conversed smoothly and confidently as he would speak to anyone else. Tana realized this. In that realization, she remembered her place and dropped her eyes in a show of submission. Eye contact, even with Sarai, was not permitted. In the eyes of the masters, it supposedly made the servants feel like equals. And why would they be so cruel as to let them think they were such? Keep them in their places to avoid such a heartbreak. “Yes, sir. He is and I did.” Even the quiver in her voice intrigued him. Was she really so afraid already? The low light did not help her as she kept her eyes firmly trained on the ground but the heavy, masterful footsteps on the flagstones told her he was nearing. Tana’s nerves frayed; was she in trouble? Did he disapprove of his son being kept in the kitchen? What else could she do with Sarai watching his every move-? “Sarai still disapproves of him?” In her frantic musings, she barely noticed him inching closer until her slight body was sandwiched between the cabinet and his significantly larger form. The warm breath on her face chilled her, the implication of his intentions and closeness suddenly more clear. Somewhere off in the distance of her mind, she was reminded of a predator and the way it watched something it was about preparing to pounce on. “Has she been cruel to him?” “M’lady still does, sir.” Eyes down, eyes down. The thought seemed to be on an urgent loop as if she would suddenly forget after serving for so long. The noticeable swallow born of discomfort when he tucked away a strand of her hair made her pause. “She certainly speaks ill of him, sir. But she’s not cruel to him. She rarely sees him and if she does, she’s never close enough to hurt him.” “My wife worries about you; did you know that?” The dangerous undercurrents continued to swirl and Tana’s discomfort only deepened by the unsolicited close contact. “Sir?” The internal reminder continued though the nervous shift was deemed impossible by the way her body was wedged so helplessly. “Mmm. She thinks you’re very pretty. Temptingly so.” Had Tana looked up, she would have seen the wolfish smirk that would have terrified her even more, not that the toying of a single mousy kink did anything to ease her. “I….” “She’s right. You are very pretty.” “Thank you, sir but-“ “Be quiet. Kneel down on the chair and lift your dress.” Armitage didn't understand why his mother knelt on the flat seat of the chair; he couldn't grasp why she gripped the back of it with white knuckles and why her usually neat and ordered hair was tousled and shaken down around her. His innocent little mind couldn't calculate why her head was dipped down and why she whimpered so softly. Was she in pain? It didn't sound right or pleasant so it should have been understandable why Armie stood behind the shelter of the door and shifted his weight anxiously from foot to foot. Even less fathomable for the three year who had woken in an empty bed (maybe 'bed' was too generous a term for where he and Tana slept) was why her dress had been pushed up around her back while his father's pristine uniform trousers gathered around his ankles. Armitage didn't know whether to call out or stay quiet but his mother had always told him that unless he needed to use the chamber pot (his aim was getting better) that he had to stay in bed. Now, he was out of bed without a chamber pot in sight. While Armitage’s comprehension of the situation was basically nothing, he could still tell that his father was enjoying it far more than his mother. With his head tipped back, a tight hold on Tana’s hips and bruising thrusts of his hips meeting her buttocks; it was clear who had the upper hand and who had surrendered to keep her job and (more importantly) her son. The grunts of effort and groans of pleasure seemed to go hand in hand where Commandant Hux was concerned; they heightened to such a peak that he could be compared with nothing else other than a snorting bull locked into a cow. “Why didn’t I fuck you sooner?” The question was panted, strained and rhetorical but Tana had no intention of answering anyway; the whine (whether positive or negative) would suffice. “I think I have a new favourite. So. Fucking. Tight.” The snapping of his hips punctuated his sentence then continued with gusto, the chair creaking and the legs of it scraping slightly on the floor with the sheer force but at least he was almost finished and Tana held on for that liberation; finding some comfort in telling herself that he couldn’t go on forever. At some point, her arm had stretched across the back of the chair and her face had become buried in it which worried little Armitage even more. “Uhh…. Uhh…. Uhh… Yes… Oh Empire, yes!” No one would have guessed that the restrained, uptight master of the house would be so vocal; particularly when discovery was such a real possibility and had in fact already happened by his three-year-old son. The crescendo of his indulgent moans were accompanied by the hardest and swiftest thrusts Tana had had to endure yet, evidenced by her soft bleats muffled by her arm. His final propel left his hips stuttering to a stop while he let himself come, still enveloped in Tana. Panic bit at her but the threateningly solid grip on her hips prevented her from turning though protesting was out of the question. When he was finished and satisfied with his load left in the chamber maid, he allowed himself to fall out of her and stagger a short distance to grip the fireplace and make himself presentable once more. Tana maintained her position and intended to do so until he left; obviously her trembling was difficult for her to control after such an unwarranted experience. He left the fireplace with his breathing regulated and more or less back to his callous, disinterested demeanour. “Good girl.” The praise was sickening and even more so when he patted her rear like a farmer would a prized show animal; Armitage took that as his cue to slip back to bed. “When I come back, be ready for me. You’re not Sarai’s anymore. You’re mine.” In the months that passed; Tana was relieved beyond belief that her (barely consensual) tryst with her master had been fruitless. He had not yet returned to the house (though she did dread when he did), she was not pregnant and Sarai’s due date loomed. When it eventually happened, when the she-wolf finally went into labour, the entire household was on edge but none more than Tana. If it was a boy, Armitage was safe. If it was a girl, they would no doubt keep trying but if their efforts were benign…. Armitage would be sent away. The duties of the chamber maids were suspended while a team of medics and nurses did their work and for those long hours, Tana paced the kitchen on metaphorical eggshells while Armie seemed unperturbed by the whole thing, despite the implications it would have on him either way. The hours molded into each other into seemingly forever until the ears of everyone in the kitchen simultaneously pricked up at footsteps on the worn steps of the staircase: Nara. Hesitantly, the younger maid trailed into the kitchen and sat down at the table with her chin hopelessly cupped in her palm; she had a knack for dramatics in announcements but she needed no prompting this time. “It’s a girl.” Chapter 3 : Useless Summary: Rosaline becomes a favourite in the household which leaves Armie feeling a little left out. He goes to see what all the fuss is about but with awful consequences. Notes: It begins.... (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Rosaline was nearly a week old when her father came home to see her. Judging by the flared nostrils and the colder than usual demeanour, he was not impressed that he had been graced with a daughter over a son. “What good is that to me?!” He spat at no one in particular, referring to his daughter as an inanimate object as his footsteps pounded down the main staircase in utter temper. “She’s only going to cost me money in a bloody dowry in a few years! I knew Sarai was useless the minute I set eyes on her, I can’t believe I let myself be coerced! A fucking daughter, what did I do to deserve this?!” He needed to calm down, he needed relief. Should he cut his visit short and return to the Academy? Out of sight, out of mind, as they say? No, his thought process had shifted from one woman to another. “You!” He barked at the maid sweeping the hall who jumped at the sudden interaction from her master. “Tell my son’s guardian I want her in my office. The fire needs to be cleaned out.” Tana almost pitied Sarai. Almost. It didn’t take long for word of the master’s disapproval to seep through the grand flagstones of the main hall down into the kitchen. As usual, one of the maids had been in attendance but essentially a fly on the wall to all the cruel things Sarai was on the receiving end of. “ You’re useless!” “I told you I wanted a son!” “She’ll never be good enough!” “This is your fault!” Sarai could not and did not retaliate. She submissively endured everything he hurled at her and reciprocated none of it. Despite the long, arduous labour; the blonde had survived to the bitter-sweet congratulations on a baby girl but knew this would not end well. Her husband had been specific, she knew what he wanted and failed to deliver the legitimate son he craved. It must have galled her to think that one of the kitchen maids had done what she failed to do. When Nara reappeared in the kitchen with a message; Tana had already finished her shift, eaten her dinner and was helping to clean up before she retired to bed with Armie. Said redhead sat by the fire while he waited with his birthday present clutched close to his chest and his eyelids drooping both from exhaustion and the heat. “Tana?” Nara’s uncertainty caused the slightly older maid to turn with curiosity, pausing her current task of drying a saucepan to inquire of her counterpart’s needs. “You alright, Nara?” “Yes, I’m fine, it’s just….” The hesitation was born of awkwardness; everyone seemed to know that Tana now belonged to the master as more than just a worker of the house, in the same way that Armitage’s mother had belonged to him. “The Commandant wants you in his office. He says the fire needs to be cleaned out.” “But…. The fire’s already been cleaned out.” “I know, Tana.” “You go, love.” Marla had been listening but Tana had been open with her about the night of Armie’s birthday. While she was disgusted that such an act had been placed on a woman who clearly wanted no part in it, she understood why it happened; why Tana had allowed it to happen. Sympathetic but practical; she also knew that sometimes there was more to placating the masters than good food and a clean house. She knew it first hand from being at Brendol’s father’s beck and call until he grew bored of her. “I’ll leave some hot water on for you to have a wash when you come back. I’ll put Armie to bed; it’s best not to keep him waiting.” “You’re not pregnant.” Was the first icy observation from master to servant. Judging by the flat stomach some months after their first encounter, it was the only conclusion the elder Hux could draw. “No, sir.” The reverent squeak already stroked his ego and as always, eye contact or even to look upon him was carefully avoided. Needless to say; the more submissive she displayed herself, the more she stoked his dominance. “Good. The last thing I need is another bastard.” Tana didn’t know who to thank for restraining her noticeable flinch at those vile words but she would figure it out later and thank them profusely. For now, though, she remained dutifully silent. “How is my son?” “He’s very well, sir. Getting bigger every day; eating plenty and-“ “Enough.” The command was obeyed by dropping her sentence and not uttering another syllable. Whether the Commandant could feel the dread radiating from the chamber maid was another question but if he could he revelled in it with his next order. “Get on your knees.” If the scraping on her knees wasn’t a reminder of her place, nothing was. Tana returned to the kitchen and mercifully found it empty; the thought of seeing anyone or trying to make up an alibi was not appealing. She could still taste him; that awful, tangy saltiness and she could still feel him carelessly pushing into the back of her throat with little concern for if she was capable of taking him or not. It was as if he was still there; moaning in her ear and gripping the back of her head with how the disgusting noise reverberated in her violated mind and the pressing of his fingers had become imprinted in her scalp. Thankfully, he hadn’t used her body but he might see fit to change that before he returned to the Academy. True to her word, Marla had left warm water for her to wash and although her master hadn’t sought that kind of satisfaction, she washed anyway before rinsing out her mouth. The last thing she wanted was to kiss her son with his father still on her breath. The baby! The baby! The baby! The baby! It was all Armie ever seemed to hear these days! “Oh she’s so beautiful!” “Oh she’s so good!” “Oh she’s so placid!” Armie was beautiful! Armie was good! Armie was placid! Whatever that meant, he was sure he was that too! Had they forgotten about him? All they seemed to talk about was the baby! “What’s a Ros’line?” The little redhead sat on the bed a few nights later while his mother changed though she did her best to restrain her giggle at the obvious disapproval that he didn’t bother to hide. “Rosaline’s not a what, she’s a who.” Tana explained patiently through her amusement as her darling son’s cheeks were cupped and his forehead kissed once she was dressed for sleep. “Rosaline is the baby’s name. Y’know the baby everyone is talking about?” “Yes….” “Mmmhmm. That’s her. She’s…. Sarai’s baby.” Tana doubted Armie would notice her hesitation but surely it was understandable? No doubt there would be repercussions (more than likely with Sarai) is Armie found out Rosaline was his sister. But wouldn’t he find out eventually? If Sarai had her way, he wouldn’t. Then again, if Sarai had her way, he wouldn’t exist at all. There was no gentle way to broach the subject without confusing the child and nudging at the less than savoury situation that might cause him to ask questions. It couldn’t be hidden forever and when it was uncovered, she would be upfront and truthful but hopefully, it would be some time before that happened if it ever happened at all. To play ignorant for now appeared to be the best course of action and the one Tana would take. As far as Armie would know, he didn’t have a sister. “The mean lady.” “Yes, the mean lady. C’mon, potty before bed.” At last! The chance to escape! Marla was deep in the scullery, searching for something Armie couldn’t yet pronounce but it was immaterial; the coast was clear and he was going to take advantage of it. He didn’t know the house very well; his time was mostly spent in the kitchen with Marla but surely a chance to explore was worth taking? Armie certainly thought so. His steps were getting steadier and more confident all the time but he still toddled and still tumbled but he was always back on his feet as soon as he did. Even in his sheltered little mind; Armie could calculate that the more splendorous the décor became, the closer he came to Sarai and therefore, Rosaline. For someone so young and sweet, jealousy still bubbled when he thought about the infant. He was there first! Everyone (with the exception of Sarai and his own father) adored him! And she had the gall to step in on that and turn everyone’s heads?! How dare she?! The staff that noticed Armie on Sarai’s corridor assumed Tana was nearby and the little boy was waiting for her. If they had dreamed for a second that he was there alone and with the intention of seeking out the baby, they would have snatched him up immediately and brought him downstairs. For now, Armie went uninterrupted; opening and closing doors until he found a dimly lit one with an overly clean smell. It reminded him of the powder Tana used on his bottom to keep him from itching but also sweet like flowers and entirely warm like the spot beside the fire he was so fond of. So ever so carefully, he pushed in the door. All seemed quiet and calm; there was little noise, only that of the fire crackling and crunching on a dry log but on Arkanis, it was necessary almost all year long as the planet seemed to be in a continuous state of autumn. He followed the familiar sound without too much difficulty and in the unfamiliar room, he found it. Not just the fire but the mass carefully placed in front of it; a mass that clearly needed a sufficient source of heat. It seemed like a bed? A suspended bed in front of the fire? But not like any bed he’d ever seen. As he neared it and brushed against it, it moved. Curious and a tad unnerved, Armie tried to steady the genial rocking of the ‘bed’ but as he did, he heard something else. Like a whinge or a whimper. Frozen with almost excited fear, he listened to the little protests that (to him) sounded like: “You woke me. Why did you wake me?” He decided he needed a closer look and the conveniently placed chair beside the cradle would provide an ideal vantage point. Clambering awkwardly, Armie ignored the ache in his little limbs at the promise of a new experience and when he finally got there, it was more than worth it. Everything the others said was true. In awe, Armie stared down at the tiny life form in the cradle and took in the almost silver blonde hair and the magnificent blue eyes among other things. Fascinated, he watched the somewhat rigid flexing of her fingers smaller than matchsticks, the slow lowering of thin but long lashes over her wakefulness and the inquisitiveness she regarded him with, unafraid. Short of breath out of sheer wonderment for this little thing, he found a smile pulling at the corner of his lips when she began to kick out her legs insistently and reach for him so he gladly conceded. Overly aware of how delicate and glasslike she was, he was extremely careful when he reached in and gently stroked her wee hand with his finger. His hands may have been cold but she didn’t seem to mind; in fact, Rosaline attempted to speak to him in the only way she knew how: pleased gurgles and approving coos. “Hello….” His solid footing on the chair would not be solid for much longer. In blissful unawares of the impending intrusion, he continued to gawp, captivated, as he leaned over the cradle. “My name’s Armie. I live here too but I’ll share with you.” “WHAT ARE YOU DOING IN HERE??!!” The shriek erupted but it all happened so suddenly that the first thing Armie felt was the torturous dragging at his scalp as he was dragged away from the now screaming Rosaline. Sarai had appeared from nowhere and seized a handful of her step-son’s scarlet hair without an allowance of breaking his fall. “Stop!! Staaahhppp!” Armie’s agonized wail only aggravated Sarai further, even more so when he tried to pry his hair free from her clenched fist. His knees met the floor with a bruising thud and while he tried to struggle to put up some resistance, the stone floor tore at his kneecaps and shredded the skin; only putting the toddler in even more pain. “Pleeeeease!” The pleading sobs wore no impact on Sarai as she hauled the redhead across the room and out into the corridor while it felt like his roots were burning in his skull. “Lemme…. go!! Lemme…. go!!” She had no intention of it. She would teach him once and for all that he was not welcome and to do that, she heaved him to the top of the staircase with her foot at the ready to swing. “Don’t!” “NO!” The merciful echo from below saw Tana appear at the bottom and clear the staircase at a nearly inhuman speed but her eyes only on one thing: Her son. Sarai’s grip grudgingly relinquished before Tana reached them and watched, disgusted, as the chamber maid sweep the boy up into her arms where he broke down. The younger of the two females cradled her child and held him while he broke down into erratic howls of fear, trauma and relief all at once into her chest. His knees wept and his head was only beginning to cool while Tana tried to soothe him and assure him everything was alright. Unfortunately, Sarai still lurked in the background. “If I ever catch that vile, bastard brat near her or in this part of the house again…..” The hiss was dangerous and awfully sincere which meant Tana had never been so tempted to assault her mistress. Eyes flashing and nose wrinkled with loathing, Sarai delivered her chilling threat while Tana pulled her breathless child closer with wary protectiveness. “He will feel every. single. step. Get it out of my sight." Notes: Do let me know what you think!! Working on Matched and Learn to Love and Hate at the moment! xxx Chapter 4 : Rosie Summary: Sheltering from a trademark Arkanis rainstorm results in a chance meeting. Notes: So sorry about how long this took to update but I'm sure most of you know how much a bitch writer's block can be! Enjoy! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Abandoning her shift, Tana had struggled with the borderline-traumatized toddler in her arms all the way back down to the kitchen though it was impossible to get an answer from him. She held him as those petrified wails subsided into heavy, suffocating hiccups; the rubbing of her chapped hand on his heaving back eased him a little but fury bubbled in the kitchen maid at the injustice. He was a child, he was bound to be curious; was Sarai expecting Rosaline to grow up like a carefully programmed droid? Did she think her daughter wouldn’t explore and do the things she wasn’t supposed to? Was she so delusional to think that Rosaline wouldn’t stray and wreak havoc; even if there was no malic intended? If she did, Sarai was about to be very disappointed. Poor Armie though, he didn’t see Rosaline again after that; not for a very long time. Seven Years Later “Hurry up and put that bloody shovel back, will you?! It’s gonna piss soon and I want to be inside when that happens!” Another long day in the garden saw the redhead bounding back and forth for pieces of equipment on demand with little break and even less thanks; then again, what could he expect from Vas who had always kept him on his toes? He was still slight in his overall form; weedy and thin as a slip of paper with the unchanged strands of fire and meek disposition but as gentle as he was as a toddler. Ten years old but somehow feeling older with the physical labour of every single day, Armitage did as he was bid. At least this was a signal that the day of work might be coming to an end to rest his aching arms and splintering legs. As predicted and almost as if on schedule; the downpour was torrential but no less the brand that Arkanis had come to expect. “Right. C’mon, let’s get outta here!” The strong accent from the north of the planet bellowed to the younger male but it seemed Vas hadn’t planned on waiting for him. With the shed door shut, bolted and secured; Armitage found himself alone in the near stinging pelts but he took a small indulgence to think of how his mother would barrage Vas later and possibly Marla too. Quickly becoming weighty with rain absorbed into his hair and clothes, Armitage started to stumble with the sodden grass quickly becoming water logged and stodgy beneath his feet. With a significant distance to the house and the storm rapidly getting worse, it appeared for it to be fate that Armie’s mind wiped the shed from his mind as a potential source of shelter so on he ventured for somewhere to ride it out, anywhere at all. Head bowed, eyelashes working on overdrive and arms clinging to opposite sides of his chest; he wandered almost blindly for several moments until he came to an embankment. Said embankment curved to provide refuge into a small cavern with enough room for someone to comfortably walk several paces. A very bony rear met the earthy floor with a despondent thump and a soft sigh as he watched the little silver bullets racing each other into the ground and whatever surface they could attack. How long would he be there? Would they be worried about him back in the kitchen?He was cold, hungry, sore…. “Hello?” Jumping with an audible yelp of surprise, Armitage scrambled in his urgency to turn with fright etched into those pale features but his fear was unwarranted. Behind him, he found someone tucked deeper into the indent in more or less the same situation as himself; seeking sanctuary. Small, startled pants still ruffled in his chest as his eyes squinted to peer through the makeshift darkness of the clouded sky outside; he could make something (or rather someone) out. Eventually, his eyes adjusted and he found himself face to face with a girl somewhat younger than himself though he couldn’t quite guess exactly how much. He paid no attention to the soil embedded under his nails from the alarmed spin though his fingers did rake at it as his arm propped him up; a nervous twitch. “Hi?” The curiosity seemed to be mutual and the sound of shuffling alerted Armitage to movement further back in the narrow tunnel to suggest the unfamiliar female was moving towards him. Her movement sounded awkward, as if she were dragging herself on her bottom rather than using her arms as he did; the reason would soon become apparent. Her face, pale like his, began to melt into his line of vision, home to two eyes of an icy crystal blue and features in such an appealing arrangement that he found vaguely familiar though he couldn’t place why; nor were the silvery blonde tresses that coated her shoulders and her back. Clutched to her chest, however, Armitage found the cause for her shuffling in the form of a tiny marmalade kitten. “I found her.” The girl offered without prompt, noticing the interest the redhead regarded this unusual entity with. “I found her but it started to rain and I was far away and now my dress is dirty…. Mama is going to be so cross!” Sensing the distress and potential upset, Armitage edged further into the tunnel until there was nothing more than a few inches between their crossed legs. “I’m sure mama won’t be cross.” He tried to assure her gently, taking the lead as he felt an elder child should though her pretty face still held doubt which should have warned him of what kind of person her mother was. He studied the marmalade more closely now; she certainly seemed scraggly, underweight, soggy and generally filthy but the little girl remained protective, already attached by the looks of it. “Have you given her a name? I think she’d like a name.” Armie had no experience with children; he, himself, being one still. His only reference was how the others treated him and while most bore no malice to him, some (like Vas) had little time for him and he was yet to discover why that was. “Uhh….” Turning the kitten with the utmost care to look at her, it took a few seconds of scrutiny until…. “Millicent. I like Millicent.” The kitten was tucked back against her chest with almost maternal attention before her eyes returned to her new friend. “What’s your name? I haven’t seen you before.” “I think she likes it too.” Armie offered with a pull of a soft smile, relieved when her features lit up and the worry disbanded. “Armitage.” He answered to the brief fleeting of a confused grimace; he assumed the pronunciation to be too much of a mouthful for her. “But Armie is fine.” “I’m Rosaline.” The name stirred something, like a long-forgotten memory unearthed from somewhere in his reminiscence; did it remind him of a painfully vague encounter years ago under circumstances he couldn’t recall? Something he complied with forgetting, despite knowing it was special? If it did, this girl was involved but to his frustration, his memory would not cooperate. “But I like Rosie. No one calls me Rosie….” “I’ll call you Rosie, Rosie.” That sweet grin at his stab at humour grated his hidden frustration even more; surely someone at the house would know more? Surely this girl hadn’t just appeared from nowhere? Armitage chanced a glance behind him and mercifully, a change in the weather had miraculously occurred; as if its only purpose was to bring these two (three?) together. “Well, Rosie, it doesn’t seem to be raining anymore; how about we get you back to the house and get you dry? Maybe get something for Millicent too? She looks quite hungry, wouldn’t you agree?” Even if Rosaline couldn’t see it amongst the fur, she would no doubt feel the little animal’s excruciatingly obvious bones pressing against her. The nod was all he needed to begin the shimmying back to the mouth of their temporary reprieve. “C’mon then. It’s too cold out here and it might start raining again.” Rosaline and Armitage hesitantly parted ways at the house, clearly accustomed to different entrances and exits with the promise to see each other again soon. With a stray, bedraggled Millicent clutched tight to her chest, sporting a filthy dress and damp from head to toe; perhaps trouble should have been foreseen. And no sooner than Armie setting foot in the kitchen did the explosion erupt from somewhere in one of the more luxurious rooms upstairs; one of the rooms he was explicitly told her was never to venture anywhere near. He didn’t hear it; the stone work and the distance made sure of that so while he warmed himself by the fire with a bowl of soup and a chunk of bread, pandemonium ensued in one of the grand parlours. Trust Tana to be in the midst of it and to bring the source down to the kitchen with her; gesturing to their room with a swift swipe of her finger directed at her son. “You. In there. Now.” Confused, perturbed but unwilling to disobey, his soup soon became forgotten and his seat vacant. His presence in the bedroom only clocked a few seconds before he was set upon. “Want to tell me what the hell this is about?” His mother demanded as much as her gentle nature would allow when she produced, sure enough, a shaking ginger kitten. “Uhh….” “That’s not an answer, Armie! Why was I asked to give this to you?!” “I met this girl in the garden-“ “What girl?!” “Her name is Rosie-“ “Rosaline?!” “Yes, but-“ “Oh my God, Sarai’s going to have a coronary….” It seemed the introduction of a feral and dirty animal had not been well received, hence the screaming from upstairs and the wailing of a child as the pet was taken from her. She was not so inconsolable, however, that she could not desperately solicit the help of the maid whom her mother had thrust the cat at and told to drown it by whimpering one name. It seemed there were far more pressing things at hand than just a kitten but rather an introduction of siblings who were never meant to meet. “What happened?!” “I’m trying to tell you but-“ “Armitage!” Biting a controlled sigh and reminding himself of patience, he told himself his mother was wound up; that she would calm herself eventually. “I got caught in the rainstorm Vas left me in. I went looking for shelter and came by the embankment to wait it out but she was already in there with the cat. We talked for a bit then walked back to the house together.” “What else?!” “Nothing else.” “Alright…..”The brunette followed her son’s example of a deep breath which seemed to work wonders; something she might try more often. “She’s your responsibility now, just don’t let Sarai see her or we’re all in trouble; cat included.” The patience had paid off as Tana calmed significantly to compassionately lay the marmalade into Armitage’s waiting arms. “She matches your hair. And she needs something to eat; see what Marla has leftover.” Notes: Let me know what you thought! I know it's a bit short! Notes: I already wrote a Hux backstory fic but with new details coming to light such as his name and his background, I decided to write something else and this wouldn't go away. The original, completed fic is called What Makes A General and can be found somewhere towards the bottom of my works list. :D There will be another chapter posted of this, ignore the chapter numbers until then because they always misbehave for me. Comments especially are appreciated, hope you enjoyed this monstrosity of mine! xxx