He’s tired of running. He’s run so much in his life already but here he is, running again. Trapped in the middle of a crowd running for their miserable lives. Just as he is. Only, he’s done nothing wrong. Not knowingly, that is. Not this time. He would never have ventured down to Port Town's Level 130 if the ‘ you’ll do that for me, little Techie, won’t you ’ that went with the request – summons. order. whatever. non-declinable in any case. – had not scared him so much. The serrated blade immediately pressed against his belly when he sits down to figure out the faulty bits brings back memories he doesn’t care all that much about, and so he’s looking into a malfunctioning system he’s not supposed to be looking into when the masked men storm in. Fortunately, he’s not far from the back door and he runs with the others the moment the knife drops away. He’s not a very good runner and so he stumbles. Of course he does. Slithers, loses his balance, falls. Curls himself into a ball, tries to protect his head with his hands, desperately hoping not to be kicked into a pulp by the countless feet trampling past him, around him and, oh, over him. Then someone grabs his shoulders and he shrieks and struggles but he’s mercilessly and effortlessly hauled up and pulled around a corner into a nook, and when he finally stops shrieking and struggling, he realises he’s being pressed against a very broad chest and the arms around him are steadying, not strangling. He risks a glance up and almost goes limp with relief. It’s him . He has no idea what he is doing down here but stars, is he ever thankful. He has just summoned all of his courage to mumble a thank you into the greyish-green overall when a big hand clamps down on his mouth. “Quiet,” the other man hisses. “This is a blind spot. They can’t see us from over there. Maybe we’re lucky.” And so they stand, pressed close to one other, and wait. The man’s hand leaves Techie’s mouth and goes to his head instead, pulling it against his chest while his other arm tightens his grip around Techie’s shoulders. There’s screams, there’s the sounds of blaster weapons being fired and Techie holds very still, hardly daring to breathe. But his arms go around the man’s waist, very carefully, as if they have a mind of their own. Silence falls. Well, almost silence. There’s moans and groans and grunts, and then – “The Enforcer,” the man breathes into Techie’s hair. “It’s the Enforcer himself.” Techie shakes his head and buries his face deeper in the man’s overall. He doesn’t want to see. Doesn’t want to hear. He’s heard much of the General and his Enforcer and most of what he’s heard is unpleasant. But what he hears next makes him raise his head and stare at the man in utter disbelief. It can’t be. Or can it? The man’s eyes widen behind his old-fashioned glasses and he shakes his head, appearing just as dumbfounded as Techie feels because what they both hear is the low, buzzing sound of a… lightsabre? Then it is over. Just like that. When Techie’s peeked around the corner to see if they’re good to go – he does it although he’s scared because let’s face it, his bionic eyes are sharper than the man’s bespectacled, short-sighted ones – they hurry back to the turbolift, careful not to step on anything – anyone, careful not to slip and fall. They ride up to Level 210 and they stand very close. Again. “So it is true then,” the man says. “I heard rumours about the Enforcer but they’re not rumours, are they. It’s actually true. He’s a Force warrior.” He sounds excited. “Some even say he’s a Grey Jedi.” He makes a triumphant gesture with his fist. “I knew it. I knew there were still some of them left. I mean, the universe is so… big, there’s no way they could have gotten to them all.” Techie stares at the hollow of the man’s throat. He can see his pulse and wonders if his skin is as warm as it looks. He frowns, confused and a little embarrassed. This is not the time to think of that. “Just imagine this place being rid of the scum that’s been gagging it for years. Imagine the implant branches being opened again.” The lift door opens with a hiss and the man gestures for him to get out. “Imagine the work that’s to be done there! And who knows, maybe one day the General finds out what you can do and has you transferred to command bridge.” “The General?” It comes out as barely more than a whisper. “Yeah, why not? He’ll have it all cleaned up soon and then he’ll have to get everything back into working order. He will need someone like you around, someone who knows the consoles and the systems. Everybody says you’re the best.” “Really?” “Yes. When I asked –” he breaks off and his right ear that sticks out from underneath his yellowish hair turns bright red. It then dawns on Techie that the man – this tall, handsome, strong man – must have asked around to find out about him, and he blinks. And blinks again. He feels the corners of his mouth curve. Just a little. It feels nice. He looks up. Stands up a bit straighter under the warm glow in the man’s brown eyes and finds he’s not an awful lot shorter than him. He’s just so used to hunching his shoulders and lowering his gaze that he feels a lot shorter when really, he’s not. “You’re tall,” the man says, as if he has heard his thoughts. “I like that. Don’t make yourself smaller. I’m Matt, by the way.” “I know,” Techie whispers. Heat creeps up his neck and he’s sure the colour of his face matches the colour of Matt’s ear. “You do?” Matt frowns, confused. Then his face lights up. “Of course you do. There’s nothing you can’t find out.” He beams at him. “So, uh, where are your quarters?” Techie doesn’t want to return to his quarters that are two levels down. He’d rather remain here for another moment, with Matt who is so excited about having seen the Enforcer and who believes that everything will change for the better. But it would be rude not to answer. “Level 212.” He looks at his feet again, then back up at Matt’s face. “That’s two levels down,” he adds. Not exactly a sharp thing to say but Matt solemnly nods. “That’s right,” he replies and busies himself with his glasses, adjusting and readjusting them. Then he offers, “Would you like me to take you there? In case… you know.” Techie does not know but he nods. “That would be nice,” he says and hopes the mad fluttering of his heart isn’t visible. And so Matt rides down two floors with him and walks him to the door of the tiny hole that is officially called ‘single quarters’ and here they linger a little while longer. And another while. And just a tiny bit more. When Matt leaves for work the next morning, he finds a small figurine sitting next to his door. It’s made from damaged wiring and it looks like a man with a sword in his hand. He smiles and tucks it carefully into one of the front pockets of his overall. The top left one that sits over his heart. Chapter 2 “Oh my stars,” Matt breathes. He pushes his glasses up the bridge of his nose and looks up from the datapad he’s holding. “Where did you find this?” Techie shrugs. There is no system he can’t hack into. Some are more challenging than others, but eventually, he cracks them all. He doesn’t even know how he does it. The moment the initial screen pops up and his fingers touch the keys, that’s when he knows which codes to enter, which programming language to choose, where to start digging and what to avoid. That’s what attracted Ma-Ma… but he doesn’t want to go there. Not ever again. “The General wasn’t hard to identify,” he says in reply to Matt’s question. “I used a surveillance camera shot to run a search on him and had a result within seconds. The Enforcer, now he was a bit trickier but I think I finally got him.” “A Knight of Ren, huh.” “Their Master, most likely,” Techie points out. “A Force user, just like you said, Matt.” “Yeah, well, I was just repeating a rumour but you,” Matt lowers the datapad and looks at Techie with such admiration in his brown eyes that Techie’s heart starts to beat just a little faster, “you have found the facts. You’re a genius, that’s what you are.” Techie feels his face grow hot. No-one has ever looked at him the way Matt does. As if he is something special. But he’s not. He’s just a computer technician with a knack for finding things. Matt, on the other hand, does real, actual work. Work that keeps the systems of this gigantic city running, and he goes places Techie wouldn’t dare go. He’s not afraid, Matt. But he doesn’t have to be because he’s so very strong. Techie remembers exactly what those big arms felt like when they closed around him. How comforting it had been, to be held like that. “It’s nothing,” he mumbles and rubs at a stain on his trouser leg, just above the knee. “It’s just a matter of the right search criteria, s’all.” “It’s not nothing,” Matt hands the datapad back to Techie. “I would never have found out, not in a hundred years. I fix things, but you, you find things.” “I didn’t find a picture of him without his mask on, and I didn’t find out his name.” “But you will. Sooner or later, you will.” “How can you be so sure?” “Because you’re clever, that’s why. I don’t understand why you’ve never worked above level two hundred twenty. Isn’t all of this –,” he makes a vague gesture that indicates their surroundings, “terribly boring?” Well, in fact it is. But it’s a peaceful boring. Meaning: he passes unnoticed. Most of the time. “It’s alright. I don’t mind it.” “I really think you should apply for a job in one of the upper levels.” He nudges him with his shoulder. They sit next to each other on the ground on Level 85 where Matt has just finished re-calibrating a faulty exhaust system. Techie is due to run a manual update on a group of outdated network computers on the same level but isn’t expected at the workstation for another twenty minutes which has given them time to meet for a chat and a quick bite. It’s become a little routine of theirs, those quick meetings, and it’s something that Techie has begun looking forward to because someone actually makes time to see him and that makes him feel wanted. Not wanted for his computer skills but for his company. His company . The fact that this someone is a very handsome blond radar technician by the name of Matt with shoulders and chest so wide that Techie could wrap his whole slender frame into this Matt-blanket… well, that makes it even sweeter. Sometimes, when he’s feeling especially daring, Techie finds himself dreaming about spending just a little more time with Matt, maybe even an entire day. He pictures them roaming the endless corridors of this vast place, maybe even explore some of the upper levels where there’s supposed to be wondrous areas for recreation, indoor gardens with real flowers, restaurants with proper tables and all kinds of food to choose from. He steals a glance to his left. “I’ve never been to the upper levels,” he ventures. Matt frowns and starts pecking at his food as if it has somehow annoyed him. Or have Techie’s words annoyed him? He rubs at the stain again, nervous. Next to him, Matt chews. It sounds angry. Techie starts shrinking back into himself, clutches his thighs. “You know,” Matt finally says and he doesn’t sound angry at all. Techie unshrinks a little. “I’ve been working on one of the outside antennae and I’m having a hard time steadying the system. I think the warm-up time is a little long but I can’t figure out why that is. Would you, uhm –,” he pushes his glasses up with his index finger and clears his throat, “I was wondering if you’d take a look. To see if I’ve made a mistake somewhere along the, uh, uploading of the… update.” “But I know nothing about –,” Techie starts but then he notices Matt’s right ear has turned quite red and he seems suddenly very busy brushing crumbs off his sleeve. Only, he’s been eating some kind of salad dish. Salad doesn’t crumble. Does it? He cautiously peers at Matt’s salad. Nothing crumbly in it. Then it dawns on him. Is Matt asking him –? For a moment, he forgets to breathe. “Of course, if you’ve got more important stuff to do, I’d understand,” Matt mumbles into his salad and stabs at something orange. “It’s probably a waste of your time anyway.” “Yes!” Techie blurts out. Matt looks at him, hurt, and he hastily corrects himself. “I mean, no, not at all! Not a waste of time, I mean. I’d love to take a look at it. Maybe I can help. But isn’t it dangerous, working on an antenna?” “No, it’s not. At least, not unless you actually climb all the way to the top. But you won’t have to.” Matt puts the salad bowl on the floor. It tips over because he’s set it on the shoulder strap of his tool box and some of its contents spills out when he turns to face Techie, pushing the box aside with the movement. He doesn’t notice. His eyes are huge and bright behind his glasses. “The screen and keyboard and all are in the engineering room at the bottom. But I could take you halfway up, if you’re interested. The climb isn’t too hard and I would secure you to me so you won’t fall. And the view is fantastic, even from there.” Techie chews his lower lip. Climbing an antenna doesn’t sound all that attractive, but the thought of being secured to Matt’s solid frame does have its appeal. And so he swallows the tinge of fear that lurks right there, ready to pounce, and nods. “Good. I’ll do it.” Matt’s face lights up and his smile is so bright that it warms Techie from inside out. “Would the day after tomorrow be good? I could work double shifts tomorrow and then get off duty a little earlier the next day,” Matt eagerly says. “To make sure the engineering room is, uhm, accessible.” “Sure. Just tell me where to be, and when.” “I’ll pick you up. It’s a little tricky getting there and you’ll need clearance, too.” “But I –,” Techie stops himself, again. Now is not the time to tell Matt that he knows how to override pretty much every security system. Or that he won’t need a guide because he knows his way around this place. Matt has made it his business to take him where he needs to be after they’ve met because Matt seems to think he’s worth looking after, and so he smiles and nods. “I would like that. Thank you.” After Matt has taken him to the workstation where he’s expected, they both find it extra difficult to say their good-byes for the day. Techie’s ushered to the console by a medium-sized humanoid being with large compound eyes but before he sits down, he turns around to see if Matt has already left. He hasn’t. He’s still standing by the door and when their eyes meet, he raises his hand and gives a little wave. Techie waves back and immediately ducks his head. He can feel heat creep up his neck and he doesn’t want anybody to see and possibly make a connection. But the warmth in his chest, well, that stays with him for the rest of the day. Chapter 3 Matt stands behind Techie and watches in fascination as the other man’s fingers fly over the keyboard. They’re in the engineering room of one of the eastern outside antennae and Techie is looking at the system that won’t start quick enough. There really is a problem with the warm-up time, Matt hasn’t made that up. Just, it’s not really a major problem, not yet, it all works as it should and this area is classified as non-critical anyway. Still, it’s quite something to watch from up close as Techie works his magic. Of course Matt knows how to use computers and he is familiar with the current systems; certainly with the ones he needs for his job but also with the most common ones needed to run his private equipment. Matt’s hulking presence and sullen expression tend to lead others to believe he cannot spell words that have more than two syllables but in fact he has begun studying advanced electronics engineering technology about half a standard year ago, to add to the degree he already has. His grades are good and there’s no reason to doubt he’ll finish in time. But this here? What Techie does? Matt blinks as tables and incomprehensible codes and graphs flicker across the screen with a speed that screams headache . He has no idea what all of this means but he knows that he could happily stand here and look at Technie’s nimble fingers forever. Or at his fascinating eyes. They dart from left to right, from top to bottom and Matt wonders if they’re somehow connected to the system. Wireless transmission or something. It sure looks like it. He’d like to find out more about the bionic eyes but he’s come to understand it’s something that cannot be addressed. Not ever. Techie will absolutely not speak about anything that’s happened to him before he’s come here and Matt respects that. Sadly, that involves his name, too. Techie goes by the name of Techie and that seems to be the end of it. Then the flickering on the screen slows down, as do the fingers on the keyboard. “Here,” Techie says and looks up. “All set. It’s more of a general problem. There’s been repair work here and there but nobody’s made sure all stations work with the same software versions. I’ve seen it before, it’s everywhere. There’s outdated equipment that won’t run the latest versions, but why bother updating as long as it works?” He shrugs. “It’s all still fairly stable but an overall system inspection wouldn’t hurt.” “But you’ve found the problem with this one?” “Of course I have,” Techie says, a little smug. Matt decides smug Techie is delightful. “I’ve downloaded the latest software version and security patches into the system of this antenna and into the neighbouring three as well. I hope that’s alright for you. It will make your work a little easier.” He activates the screen’s idle mode with a few keystrokes and gets up. “So,” he says and scratches his left forearm. “So,” Matt echoes. There’s a moment of awkward silence, then Matt clears his throat. “Would you, uhm, would you like to see the antenna now? Or would you rather do something else?” “Something else?” It’s obvious neither has thought of an alternative and Matt really, really hopes Techie wants to climb up the antenna with him. It’s relatively nice outside and they should have a clear view over a big part of the city. He even has brought climbing gear for Techie and has spent quite some time last night fantasising about strapping him into the harness and feeling the slender frame press against his own as they make their way up the ladder. And that has led to quite another fantasy which has led to some mindless blanket-humping which then has led to frantically pumping into his fist – ah, better not go there right now, not with Techie standing within an arm’s length, eyes expectantly fixed on Matt’s face. He doesn’t want to come across cock-driven because he isn’t. Well, it’s not that he wouldn’t mind – damn . “I mean, if you don’t want to climb, I can understand. It’s just – well, I thought…” he starts stammering, hating himself for it. He may not be a naturally out-going person but he’s not shy either. But something about this very slim ginger man and his huge blue eyes and soft voice slows his brain down and makes him feel very clumsy, and so he looks down and shifts from one foot to the other. “Oh but I would love to see the antenna from up close,” comes the reply he’s been hoping for. It’s delivered a little shyly and maybe there’s even been a small pause, but surely Techie wouldn’t lie to him just to do him a favour? He gives him a sharp look, but Techie nods, affirmative. “And you said the view would be good, too.” “Yes, and it should be especially good today. I’m not sure if you can see all the way down to Bespin, but you will definitely see the Royal Park from there.” He reaches for his bag and digs out the climbing gear. Techie cocks his head and eyes the assortment of tangled ropes and hooks but when Matt shakes the construction and the tangled mass becomes a harness, the confusion vanishes from his face and he looks relieved. “That’s to secure me, yes?” “That’s right,” Matt confirms and steps into his own gear to show him how it’s done. His harness is a lighter version of the one he has borrowed for Techie; lighter in terms of less padded and less… harnessy. It’s the one he uses for work and he doesn’t need quite that many straps and pads to hold him in place. When Techie asks for his help with the straps and hooks – it looks a lot easier than it is, at least for a beginner –, he pushes last night’s fantasies into a very far corner of his mind and kneels down to help him sort out what goes where, detaching himself from the fact that certain straps go around the thighs just so and frame the buttocks just so, and kriffing hell but Techie has a tiny waist! When all sits as it should, he hands him a pair of gloves. “Is it that windy? I thought we’re only going halfway up.” Techie looks at Matt who notices, for the first time, that Techie’s lashes are very long and very pale and so very lovely, too. Such a perfect frame for his unusual, beautiful eyes. Which reminds him – he rummages around in his bag and then holds up a pair of safety goggles. “For your eyes,” Matt explains, as if goggles need explaining. “Your eyes need special protection, I think.” “Oh,” Techie says, very softly. “Thank you.” He puts the goggles on and adjust them, then moves his head from left to right, as if to make sure they fit just right. “Here’s a helmet, too.” “Matt!” Techie protests. “I’m not made from glass, you know.” “I would never forgive myself if anything happened to you,” Matt says earnestly. “Please put it on. Please. For me.” “Alright.” Is that a pout ? And then it’s time to start the climb. Matt demonstrates how to best place hands and feet on the rungs and Techie catches on surprisingly quickly for someone who isn’t used to climbing. When they reach the end of the wide ladder, Matt signals to stop and fastens their snap hooks to the security loops, then positions himself sideways behind Techie, hooks his left leg around the rail for additional balance like he’s done so many times before. Whatever raunchy fantasies his mind may have come up with the other night – pardon the pun –, they come to a screeching halt the moment Techie settles against his chest. There’s nothing remotely suggestive about the way his back seeks contact with Matt. Rather, it’s a gesture of utter trust, like leaning back against a wall for shelter, trusting the wall will not crumble. Matt presses his outer leg against Techie’s and encircles him with his arms, as if to say ‘I got you’, and the sigh that’s barely audible against the wind that whips around their faces warms him from inside out. There’s something about this man that makes Matt want to wrap him up in a warm blanket and bring him sweets and hot tea and protect him but it has nothing to do with his slender body and pale, pale skin. No, it’s more to do with the shy little smiles that flicker across his face every now and then and the small sounds he makes, like that sigh just now or that funny, tuneless humming when he’s concentrating. And it certainly has to do with the haunted expression in his eyes. Matt doesn’t understand how artificial eyes can even transport emotion but Techie’s can. He points out various sights – “there’s the landing docks, over there, see? And if you look down there, that’s the Royal Park.” – and Techie all but crows with delight when he detects Kerros Tower. He twists his upper body around to look at Matt. “I was there last week,” he says, excited. “They had a problem with their time recording software. Piece of cake, really, but then I heard there’s something wrong with the main traffic control system and if that doesn’t get fixed soon there’s going to be a massive problem. I so wanted to take a look but of course they wouldn’t let me.” “That’s because they’re stupid,” Matt replies. “They don’t recognise brilliant when it’s right before their eyes.” “Don’t,” Techie mumbles. “Why do you always say things like that?” Matt can’t hear a word but figures it out by reading Techie’s lips. His very pretty lips, so kissable and at the exact height and angle for him to reach, too, and Matt has to close his eyes for a moment to rid himself of the temptation right there in front of him… … and yanks them open again when he feels Techie lose balance. He catches him before anything happens, hauls him up with his right arm and crushes him close. Techie stares at him from behind his goggles, wide-eyed and frightened. His mechanical pupils dilate and narrow, dilate and narrow. Matt can almost hear the whirring. But it’s Techie’s lips that draw his attention once more, now more so than a moment before because now, they’re slightly parted. That alone is bad enough but then a pink tongue darts out and wets them in what is probably a nervous gesture and Matt wishes he could unsee what he has just seen but he can’t and to his utter mortification he gets hard. Given how their bodies are plastered against one another, there’s not even the slightest chance Techie doesn’t notice because when Matt gets hard, well, he gets hard. There’s no way to hide it, especially not with his harness strapped on. Don’t think harness and straps now, you fucking idiot. Too late. Techie’s eyes widen and Matt hastily pulls back, trying to twist his lower body as far away as possible. “I think my hands are getting cold,” Techie says. There’s something in his eyes that Matt can’t place and he begins to descend, placing his feet and hands exactly as Matt has shown him earlier. They’re still attached to the security loops and Matt hastily unfastens their hooks, then follows him, their bodies still close but at least no longer touching. When they reach the bottom, Matt helps Techie unclasp the buckles and hooks and step out of the harness. He turns away when he gets rid of his own set and smoothes his hands over his overall, grateful that he’s not so terribly obvious anymore. Why on earth has he not changed into a decent pair of trousers and a nice, loose shirt and jacket when he stepped out of the fresher after his shift ended? Because he was too kriffing fidgety, that’s why. Didn’t want to waste valuable time going through his clothes, that’s why. He enters the access code into the panel by the door to the engineering room and storms inside as soon as it clicks open without so much as a glance in Techie’s direction. He’s so angry that he feels like slamming his fists into the wall. But it’s been such a long time since he’s had anything remotely like sex (with someone other than himself, that is) and Techie’s just so lovely, his body so warm and pliant and his lips so inviting… he stuffs the climbing gear into the bag with a lot more force than necessary. Slinging the bag around his shoulder, he rises from his crouching position and turns. And freezes. Because Techie has sneaked up on him while he was busy being angry at himself, angry at the world, and angriest of all at his cock. Too busy to hear Techie’s steps behind him. And now they are very close to each other, again, and Matt is struck, again, at how tall Techie really is. He’s standing very straight, not slumping his shoulders at all, and looks Matt right in the eye. “Thank you,” he says. “For what?” For almost letting you fall? For half shoving my dick into you? For being a total asshole who can’t control himself? “For everything. For letting me help you, for the view, and for –,” he bites his lip, looks to the side and then into Matt’s eyes again, “for this.” He makes a vague gesture that somehow involves the two of them. “That felt nice.” His face is bright red but he doesn’t look away. “What?” Matt is sure he has heard wrong. “That,” there’s the vague gesture again, “it was nice to feel you, uh, against me. I liked it.” Breathe in. Breathe out. If Techie’s face gets any redder it will trigger some kind of alarm. Matt is sure of it. Just like he’s sure his face isn’t red at all because there’s not enough blood left in the upper region of his body. It’s all pooling somewhere around the middle. He doesn’t even attempt to hide or turn away. It doesn’t matter because Techie bites his lip again. Looks away. Looks at him. At… him. And Matt suddenly understands. In the crudest possible way he has told Techie how much he wants him. And Techie, who is so used to being overlooked and ignored, not only doesn’t mind, no, he likes it. Matt lets the bag drop to the floor and holds out his hand. “Come here,” he says. Much to his delight, Techie takes his hand and lets himself be pulled closer. And closer still. Then he tilts his face up, just a little, smiles one of his adorable shy smiles. Matt’s eyes drop to his lips and yes thank you there’s that little pink tip of the tongue again. Only this time he’s going to chase it and so he angles his head, like this, and brushes over Techie’s lips with his tongue, like that. And although his body screams into the wall fuck him into the wall what are you waiting for you moron it’s not what Matt is going to do. He’s actually a very good kisser although not too many beings know about that because well, let’s face it, Matt looks more fighter than lover. But delicate equipment needs delicate handling and so he keeps his touches light and playful. And he’s immediately rewarded because, oh, Mother of Moons, the moment their tongues touch, a damn near desperate little noise escapes Techie’s throat and he throws his arms around Matt’s neck and all but crawls into him. Matt’s arms automatically go around him, his hands sliding down his back until they land on Techie’s buttocks that are a perfect fit for Matt’s hands. One of Techie’s hands finds its way into Matt’s hair, grabs a fistful, and the other clutches at the back of his overall. He makes another noise, a more urgent one, and it shoots through Matt and turns his knees to jelly. If he doesn’t find something to lean against, he’s going to topple over and so he walks them backwards where he hopes there’s a wall. There is, and it’s cool and solid and just what he needs. Techie seems more enthusiastic than experienced but it turns out he catches on quickly at everything he does, be it climbing, be it kissing. When he starts sucking on Matt’s tongue, Matt responds with a growl and jerks his pelvis forward, grinds against Techie, lets him feel how hard he is for him. Because of him. A small voice, barely audible over the white noise flooding his brain, whispers he might be coming on a bit too strong for this shy little creature but while Techie may be shy and possibly not very experienced, he’s a grown man with a grown man’s body – oh yes indeed – and a grown man’s needs – and isn’t that obvious – and he doesn’t seem frightened at all. And then – stars have mercy – he starts mirroring Matt’s grinding moves, rubs against Matt with an urgency that spells anything but shy. It rids Matt of whatever control he still has over his body. He squeezes Techie’s buttocks hard, making him whimper into their kiss and – “What the pfassk?” The hoarse female voice yanks Matt back into reality. He turns sideways, shielding Techie with his bigger body in the hope he will not be recognised and glowers at the intruder over his shoulder. It’s Tarlaa. Of course. The blue-skinned Duros halfbreed always arrives early to her shift because she likes to sit down and contemplate what’s to be done first and how to structure her day. She’s an excellent technician, specialised in weather radar systems, and Matt has worked with her on numerous occasions. Right now, he wishes her to the core of Bespin. “Now if that isn’t little Mattie,” she mocks in heavily accented Basic. “Entertaining, are we?” “E chu ta,” Matt snaps. “You’re not supposed to be here for another hour.” “The kark was I supposed to know the engineering room was occupied?” “Well it is. But never mind, we were just leaving anyway.” “Didn’t look like it.” “Bite me.” She laughs a throaty laugh. “Ah but the little redhead was doing a fine job at that.” “Yes he was, fuck you very much. Do me a favour and have another caf.” “No I won’t.” She blinks her red eyes in what Matt thinks is supposed to be a wink. “Tell you what, Mattie. How about I go outside and check my comm signal. I think it was a bit weak on the way up here.” “You do that, Tarlaa,” Matt says, relieved. “And if you forget what you’ve just seen, let me know when the Ugnaught lighting system needs checking again. I’ll take over from you.” “You will?” She sounds pleased. It’s no secret she despises the Ugnaught and the red light they need to thrive gives her headaches. “Promise. Now off you go, there’s a good girl.” When she’s gone, he loosens his grip around Techie. “We better go now,” he says, his heart filled with regret and his cock no longer filled with blood. “I’m so sorry about that. I should have checked the schedule.” Techie looks at him from under his lashes. He opens his mouth as if to say something, then closes it again, lowers his eyes. “Yes?” Matt encourages him. “I was thinking, well, maybe we could get something to eat and then maybe find someplace quiet? I, uhm –,” he swallows, clears his throat and continues, hastily, as if he’s afraid he’s going to lose his nerve if he doesn’t speak really quickly, “I have a small table in my quarters. With chairs. We could eat there, if you like.” He all but mumbles the last words but Matt hears him loud and clear. “Yes,” he says, just as quickly, “yes, that’s a brilliant idea. Let’s do that.” He picks up the bag and slings it over his shoulder. “Where should we go for food?” Techie blinks. “Uhm, I sometimes get sandwiches at Ly’etha’s on Level 163. They have the best nerfsteak sandwiches.” “ Ly’etha’s it is,” says Matt, nodding. He would have agreed to Bantha porridge if Techie had suggested as much but Ly’etha’s sandwiches really are good. But it’s not sandwiches he’s currently interested in. He’s in the mood for something much sweeter. He looks at Techie and it takes all of his willpower not to steal a kiss from his pretty lips. Instead, he takes his hand and twines their fingers together. “Let’s go.” Techie beams and now Matt does steal a kiss. Only a quick one. And a second one. Techie’s smile grows wider. Somewhere near the entrance to the Chrull tubes Tarlaa is checking her comm signal with her back to the engineering room, pointedly not seeing the two beings who hurry past her towards the lifts, heads ducked as if that makes any difference. She suppresses a snort. Humans . Chapter 4 A perfectly good nerfsteak sandwich (medium) and a crisp, fresh berbersian crab salad with an extra serving of dindra sauce sit on the table, forgotten. The sandwich hasn’t even been unwrapped yet. Its intended recipient, on the other hand, sure has been. Partially, at least. Techie is sitting on Matt’s lap, straddling him. His hands are buried in Matt’s hair and Matt’s tongue is buried in Techie’s mouth and Techie has begun to make small noises full of need. They’re the sweetest sounds Matt has ever heard and they’re driving him crazy. His hands slide along Techie’s bare torso and land on his delightful buttocks – stars, but they are a perfect fit for his hands – and he squeezes, pulls him closer and squeezes harder when Techie starts rocking against him. He does it rather jerkily and without any finesse but Matt loves it. It tells him that he is wanted as much as he wants. The chair gives a warning creak. It’s a sturdy enough chair for one person to sit on and enjoy a meal or do some reading or whatever, but it’s not been designed to hold two grown men at once. Without breaking their kiss, Matt stands up, holding Techie in place. He’s not going to admit it out loud but he’s rather pleased with himself that he can do that and make it appear easy because for all that he’s such a slim thing, Techie is not a featherweight. He is a grown man and as tall as Matt, though not as beefy. But Matt forgets all idle thoughts on weight and physical strength when Techie’s long legs wrap around his hips as if clinging to Matt is the most natural thing to do. And it gets even better because from this angle, Techie’s hair falls forward and frames their faces like a curtain and it’s something he wants to feel on his whole body, these long, ginger strands, wants them brush all over him and not just his face. There’s only one way to achieve this and so he opens his eyes – why is that so hard? – to figure out the quickest way to the bed. Not that there’s many possibilities to miss it for Techie’s quarters are little more than the size of Matt’s toolbox. Figuratively speaking. Standard single living quarters are small by default, at least on the lower levels but this here is a disgrace. He sits down carefully with Techie still clinging to him, lies back and stretches out, slowly, slowly. He doesn’t want to hit his head anywhere and he most definitely doesn’t want to hit Techie against anything. Techie, with whom he is still connected mouth to mouth, chest to chest, pelvis to pelvis, and who is still rocking against him with utter abandon and whose increasing lust is unmistakable, even through the fabric of Matt’s overall. Which he must lose quickly. But that would mean detaching himself from Techie which right now is the last thing he wants to do but he must do it if he wants to come skin to skin with him and not overall to skin and so he rolls them over so they come to lie on their sides and pulls away with a groan. Techie’s face falls when he gets off the bed but when he realises what Matt’s about to do, he props himself up on an elbow and watches him, his eyes huge and intent, roaming over Matt’s body as if it’s a prize he’s won. Never before has Matt lost his overall so quickly and it’s a good thing that he’s taken off his boots earlier because he doesn’t quite trust his fine motor skills right now, so impatient is he to crawl back into bed. He pulls off his socks and yanks the t-shirt over his head but leaves his underpants on because firstly, Techie is still wearing his and secondly, he’s not sure just how far Techie’s willing to go and he certainly doesn’t want to rush him. When he puts his glasses on the table, everything around him becomes a blur until he reaches the narrow bed. He stretches out and pulls Techie back into his arms and stars and heavens and all kriffing galaxies, the feeling of naked skin against naked skin is always good but the feeling of Techie’s naked skin against his is threatening to melt the fuses that hold him together. He spreads his legs so Techie sinks in between them, grabs his arse again and pulls him close. Really close. Gods, but Techie is so hard and it feels so good, their erections bumping and grinding against each other like this. Those who dismiss dry humping as ‘not the real thing’ should try it with someone so… lithe. Yes, that’s it. Lithe . And oh, so very lovely and eager. He can’t resist the temptation and slides his hands into Techie’s pants and ah, his buttocks feel even better when they're not covered. He pulls them apart, just a little, and sneaks two fingers between them, slides his fingers downwards until he reaches the tight little opening he’s been looking for. Very gently, he taps against it, not pushing inside, no, merely testing the playground. Above him, Techie stiffens and his breath begins to stutter. But not in a good way. Matt immediately removes his hand. “What is it? Have I done something wrong?” Techie buries his face in the curve of Matt’s neck, shakes his head. His body says something else. His erection that until a few heartbeats ago has most urgently rubbed against Matt’s is beginning to wilt. “Techie? Love?” Nothing. Techie still clings to Matt, so he has done nothing wrong per se. That is, he has done nothing to frighten him away. But something must be the matter. “Speak to me, please,” he begs. “Have I hurt you? Don’t you want me to touch you… there?” “I do,” comes a whispered reply but Techie shakes his head as he says it. Matt closes his eyes. “Has anyone ever touched you there against your will?” No reply. “Has anyone ever hurt you?” You stupid shit . Of course Techie’s been hurt. His eyes. He’s figured that much out by himself. But – has there been more? “Love?” A very small, broken sound. Rage wells up inside Matt. He forces himself to breathe in and breathe out, wraps his arms around Techie, hoping the gesture will transport safety and protection. What he feels inside, however, is pure hatred and his own body goes rigid with it. But he must tuck it away for later. Work it off at the gym, throw a few tools around, pick a fight with… not now. Don’t think about that now. “Love?” He strokes Techie’s hair. “Sweetheart?” “Mhm?” A reply, good, but Techie still won’t look at him. “I will never, ever do anything against your will, do you hear me?” He presses a kiss to the ginger head. “I don’t make promises lightly but I will promise you this. I will never do anything you don’t want, and I will never, never hurt you.” Techie’s face reappears and he gives a shaky smile. “I know that, Matt. It was just –,” he blinks and his blue eyes are very huge and very scared, “I was reminded of something and I thought I had finally forgotten all about it and I –,” he blinks very rapidly now and Matt bends his head and kisses Techie’s eyelids, his eyebrows, forehead, his eyelids again, his nose and then, finally, brushes kisses against the corners of his mouth until, yes, thank you, stars , Techie’s body gradually starts relaxing and he shyly kisses Matt back. Matt very carefully turns him until he comes to lie on his back and sets out to woo him all over again, to coax him away from his shell into which he is about to flee. He covers Techie’s face with more kisses, gently nibbles his way along his neck and shoulders, blows featherlight kisses across his throat – he would really like to suck on his Adam’s apple but doesn’t dare do anything, well, demanding right now – and licks across the pale nipples, teasing the flat discs to attention. And finally, finally, the tension leaves Techie’s body altogether and he stretches out under Matt’s caressing hands and lips, giggles when Matt nibbles at his soft belly. There’s small white scars next to the belly button, scars that even Matt’s very short-sighted eyes do not miss and he adds them to the list of things he’ll have to work off at the gym. For now he concentrates on the noises Techie is making and his relief upon hearing the first soft sigh is so great that he presses his forehead against Techie’s belly and mumbles a soundless thank you to whomever. Techie’s erection has returned, too, and is beginning to tent his underpants but Matt ignores it for now, as much as he is impatient to take a closer look. Not yet . He nudges Techie’s knees apart and kisses the inside of his thighs, rubs his cheeks against the pale skin that is soft and sensitive there. Techie giggles some more and tries to squirm out of the way but it’s a playful attempt at escape. The moment of panic is over. Matt’s exploration of Techie’s body isn’t. He licks at the hollows of Techie’s knees, kneads and kisses his calves – very shapely, with just a dusting of very pale ginger hair –, encircles his ankles with his big hands and kisses the instep of Techie’s feet. This, however, is too much. Techie shrieks with laughter and struggles to free his legs. Matt immediately lets go, not wanting to make him feel trapped, slides up and settles himself between Techie’s legs, nudges the inviting bulge with his nose and licks along the waistband of Techie’s pants. He hooks two fingers into the elastic band and gives a tentative tug. “May I?” he asks and squints up. Techie’s face is a blur without his glasses but he still sees him nod, and so he slowly and carefully pulls the annoying fabric out of the way and over Techie’s legs, and finally his treasure is laid bare before him. And what a treasure it is. Techie’s cock is… perfect. It’s beautiful. It’s everything he’s hoped for. It’s slightly curved and uncut but the head is already fully exposed, red, well, more of a dark pink, and it’s glistening. It’s the perfect size, too, not too large but certainly not small, either. Techie’s a tall, slender man and everything about him is in perfect proportion. Matt feels his hole clench. He wants Techie inside him so very much but decides that this is not going to be about what he wants. Or at least, not about what he wants done to himself. He feels Techie’s gaze on him and he senses uncertainty, fear of being rejected once more. “Everything about you is just so pretty,” he says, lowers his head and kisses the base of Techie’s cock, kisses the spot where cock meets balls, and sucks the skin between his lips. The noise coming from above is most promising and so he continues, licks with one long stroke from bottom to top and lightly blows across the whole length on the way down. To be honest, he doesn’t have all that much experience in this particular field; he’s never really felt the urge to service anybody like this – lick another male being’s prick, and he hasn’t experienced it all that often on himself. But he’s thought about it a lot, has fantasized about what he would like done to him and has also thought about what it would feel like doing it to someone else, and so he sets about doing to Techie what he imagines feels good. It turns out to be surprisingly arousing, giving pleasure like this. Especially when one is giving pleasure to someone as responsive as the lovely, pretty ginger stretched out before him. It’s bliss unto itself. Matt soon is painfully hard but for once, he couldn’t care less because taking care of himself would mean moving his focus away from Techie and that, he can’t do. He does not want to miss a single twitch, does not want to miss one single sigh or the sight of Techie clutching the bedsheets when Matt wraps his lips around the glistening cockhead. He does so a little tentatively, not knowing what to expect, but the taste of the clear drops sitting at the tip is salty and not revolting at all and the cockhead’s spongy, firm texture actually feels rather pleasant against his tongue. Techie gives a tight whimper. Thus encouraged, he grows bolder, swirls his tongue around the bulbous tip and teases the slit, bobs his head experimentally and finds he can take about half of Techie’s cock into his mouth before his gag reflex sets in. He wraps his hand around the lower half and continues bobbing his head up and down, his hand echoing the movements of his head. He does feel a little silly doing it – surely there must be better ways – but Techie doesn’t seem to mind. He grows even harder in Matt’s mouth and he starts moaning and writhing and the sounds alone spur Matt on. So what if he feels silly. He must be doing something right. “Matt – Mattie”, Techie gasps and blindly reaches for him. “Please, Mattie, I’m gonna – please, I can’t –” He can feel it coming, too, gives a few more shallow bobs with his head and then pulls away but keeps his fist wrapped around Techie’s length, moving it up and down in quick and steady strokes until – “Yes, that’s it, love,” Matt praises when Techie’s body arches up. “Beautiful. You’re so beautiful.” “Matt –” Techie’s voice breaks and he starts to come. Milky strands of semen shoot over Matt’s hand and onto Techie’s belly. The sight is too much for Matt. He lets go of Techie, gets on his knees and yanks his pants down. His own cock springs free from its prison and he draws a hissing breath when he grips it. Just a few rough tugs and it’ll be over. His balls tense and he squeezes his eyes shut. “On me, Mattie.” He yanks them open. What ? Techie has propped himself up on his elbows and watches him with that intent look in his blue eyes. His legs are spread wide, his softening prick lies in a small pool of cum and his face is flushed. His smile is shy and challenging at the same time, and he draws his left middle finger through the creamy mess on his belly. Oh stars. “Come on me.” It’s all it takes. Matt grips his cock harder. One last, graceless pull and he spills and spills. And spills some more. It’s like he’s saved himself for this moment. This perfect, flawless moment with this perfect, beautiful, incredible man who lies naked before him, upper body raised, head flung back… covered in semen. Matt makes a face. He’s come a lot . Techie lifts his head and looks at his chest. Cocks his head, looks, covers his mouth in a gesture of comic despair. Their eyes meet. “Listen –,” Matt begins. Techie starts giggling. Matt sags forward, unable to support himself any longer. He’s weak with relief and exhausted, too, but Techie’s giggling is infectious and he laughs with him. Then Techie reaches for him and kisses him. “Thank you,” he whispers against Matt’s mouth. “You’re welcome,” Matt whispers back and that makes Techie giggle some more. They eventually clean themselves up and then eat the nerfsteak sandwich and the berbersian crab salad. They eat in bed, and naked, and Matt licks dindra sauce off Techie’s fingers, and later he licks something else off Techie’s belly. And that , well, that may be the best thing he’s tasted so far. Chapter 5 The gym on Level 160 is located on the fringes of Port Town, just one level above the general housing of the facility’s workers. It’s frequented by a rather eclectic but relaxed enough mix of Port Town merchants, industry workers and factory workers of the upper housing levels who can afford the membership fee. It’s one of the small luxuries in Matt’s life and he truly enjoys working out there. He can switch between high tech equipment and good old-fashioned iron, depending on how much time he has and what mood he’s in. Today is an iron day. He’s already done enough squats to make his legs shake and his thighs scream but he can do twenty more. For that broken sound Techie made when Matt asked him whether he’d been hurt. Eight. ‘I was reminded of something I thought I had forgotten.’ Twelve. The scars on his belly. Fifteen. And what was that Techie mumbled when he drifted off to sleep in Matt’s arms? ‘Please don’t let the morning take it’ ? Take what? Their small moments of happiness? Matt away from Techie? Techie away from Matt? Let them try. Twenty. “Kark,” he roars and drops the weight into its rack, bends over, hands on his knees, and just breathes until he feels strong enough to continue. Excellent timing, too, because the male Zabrak who has occupied Matt’s favourite bench has just left. When he’s loaded the bar with enough weight to satisfy his rage and has made sure the safety pins are properly set, he lies back, takes position with his eyes under the bar and wraps his hands around the grip. He unracks. Whoa. Maybe take one disc off each side? He lowers the bar experimentally. Well, maybe a set of eight reps. He presses back up. Shit. Make it six. Five. Four. Three. Two. One. Damn . He racks the bar, looks up and starts. Behind the rack stands a tall human who peers down at him with mild interest. “Don’t let rage determine your actions,” he says. “What?” “I’ve seen you do your squats. You’re angry.” “Yeah, so?” “Anger can be helpful, but you mustn’t let it consume you. If you don’t put it on a leash, it will eat up all that’s bright and warm inside of you.” He has a surprisingly soft voice that belies his scarred face. “Besides,” he adds with a smile, “lifting weights in anger might result in a torn muscle. Rage screams louder than the voice of reason.” Matt stares at him, baffled. What’s this, a free counselling session? “Want me to spot for you?” the stranger offers. “Sure, why not.” Matt usually doesn’t bench press with a spotter but he really wants to test his limits today. So maybe the man talks funny but he sure looks like he can handle his weights. He’s built along the same lines as Matt but where Matt is big, the stranger is huge. Not chiselled as in spending all of his time at the gym, nor bulging as in expensive supplements. No, he looks more like, well, battle-tried. Yes, that’s it. He’s probably a mercenary. There’s a lot of that sort around Port Town. “And can we switch between sets? Or are you in a hurry to finish?” “I’m not in a hurry,” Matt shrugs and gets up. “Sure we can switch. I’m Matt, by the way.” “I’m K- no-one,” the man says, removes the safety pins and heaves some more weights on the bar. “Spot for me?” Matt eyes the bar dubiously, thinking that if that thing falls down, K No-one will be crushed. There’s no way he could hold that much weight for longer than one standard second, but he steps onto the small platform nevertheless. As it turns out, neither of them is in serious need of a spotter but it does feel nice to have a training partner and after a brief chat about weights and routines they decide to team up for the rest of today’s session. “What’s bothering you so?” K asks in between dips and wipes a dark strand out of his face. He wears his long hair tied back into some sort of bun. “I found something out about a – a friend of mine,” Matt says evasively. “Uh-huh.” K grabs the bars and jumps up, balances himself and then slowly lowers his body until his shoulders are below his elbows. He makes it look effortless but Matt knows it isn’t. “Close friend?” “Yes.” “Anything happen to him?” He got hurt. Somebody hurt him some time in his past but he won’t tell me. He won’t even tell me his name. I want to find who hurt him and hurt him right back. Or her. Sometimes I think he was hurt by a woman but he never says. I think he got violated. Raped. Or if not, then he surely has witnessed others being violated. And he had his eyes gouged out, of that I am sure, and his artificial eyes are not properly set in and I’m so afraid that one day they’ll get infected or something. And he is frightened so often and I just want to keep him safe. “He’s had a difficult life,” Matt says. “I see.” K does a few more reps, jumps off and lightly touches Matt’s shoulders when Matt grips the bars. “You can’t undo his past,” he says. “But you can make his future. He’s ginger, that friend of yours?” “What?” Matt narrows his eyes. How does he –? But then K plucks a hair from Matt’s shirt and holds it up for him to see. It’s long and reddish-blond. Matt grins, relieved. Not a mind reader after all. “Speak to him,” K says. “Listen to him. What’s more, listen to what he does not say. Therein lies all you need to know.” “If you say so.” “I know so.” K gives him a crooked grin. “I know a thing or two about close-lipped gingers, believe me.” When they’re finished, they shake hands and Matt feels a pang of regret. K was a good training partner and he wouldn’t mind seeing him again. He feels sure he could pick up a thing or two, and not only about handling silent gingers. His regret must have shown in his face because K smiles at him – a real smile, one that extends into his eyes – and puts a hand on his shoulder. “I like this gym,” he says, “and I enjoyed working out with you. I’ll come again as soon as I can.” “How can we keep in touch?” Matt asks. “You want my comm line?” “No need,” K shoulders his bag and turns to leave. “I’ll find you, Matt.” Matt looks after him until he is out of sight, then heads for the fresher. There’ll be a lot of thinking to do when he’s done with his shift. Chapter 6 Notes: This one's for Atlin Merrick who's lobbed the idea of Matt's shirt being tested into my corner a while ago. Here you go, love. Also, remember our discussion about the thrill of finding someone like oneself? I felt I had to somehow touch it, if only in passing. The small wire flower Techie’s been working on lies next to him on the mattress, forgotten. He’s in Matt’s quarters, has been since yesterday, since after their quick dinner that led to exactly nothing because the moment they stepped-shuffled through the door, mouth glued to mouth, Techie’s hands under Matt’s shirt and one of Matt’s hands buried in his hair while the other was fumbling with the key pad, well, the moment they finally fell into Matt’s quarters, Matt’s comm link went off. And it was a summons he couldn’t ignore because it was for the Ugnaught lighting system he’s taken over from Tarlaa. So anyway, Techie spent the night curled up in Matt’s bed, nose buried in Matt’s pillow that smells so much like Matt that the bitter disappointment stung a little less and besides, Matt came back a few hours later and now the bed smells like them. And until a few moments ago, Techie has busied himself making a flower out of the leftover wire Matt’s brought him while Matt has busied himself finishing the report on last night’s repairwork. But now Matt is doing pull-ups and what is a wire flower compared to the sight of Matt pulling himself up, slowly, slowly, until his chin is above the bar he’s mounted to the doorway, then lowers himself back down, slowly, slowly. The fabric of his faded shirt is stretching thin over his thick arms and shoulders as his muscles bulge and strain with the effort and Techie’s spent cock gives an appreciative twitch at the sight. Matt does three sets of about eight or ten reps – Techie doesn’t count, too busy is he admiring, but that should be about right –, then he drops down to the floor and squints up at Techie. “Anchor me?” “What?” “Get down here and hold my legs while I do sit-ups.” “Oh. Of course.” He slides off the bed and lands in an awkward crouch before Matt. “What do you want me to do?” “Just steady my knees.” Techie is not entirely sure Matt actually needs his help but he sits back on his heels and puts his hands on Matt’s knees. “Like that?” “Perfect.” And Matt starts. And Techie quickly finds out that if he leans forward a little and angles his upper body just so, Matt comes within kissing range each time he sits up and that seems to spur him on because he does an extra set. Then he throws his arms around Techie and flops down, pulling Techie with him. Matt’s body is warm and hard and smells delicious and Techie thinks he’s never tasted anything sweeter than Matt’s lips and has never been more comfortable than right here, lying stretched out over this big man who is all his for the taking and stars is there ever much of Matt for the taking. He’s muscled up over the last months, especially since he’s started working out with… “Say,” Techie asks between kisses, unable to not ask the question that’s been gnawing at him, “that Kay person?” “Who?” Matt frowns, blinks and pushes his glasses up his nose. “Your, uhm, workout partner.” “Oh. What of him?” “Is he pretty?” The moment the question is out he wants to unask it. It sounds ridiculous now that it’s out. “What?” “I mean,” Techie tries for a casual tone and hopes Matt won’t notice how quickly, how nervously his heart is beating, “you’ve been to the gym a lot lately and I thought –,” Matt looks up into Techie’s blue eyes, sees the pupils whir open and close, open and close, like they always do when Techie is agitated. There’s good whirring and there’s bad whirring and right now, it’s bad. Matt is not much of a people person. He doesn’t always catch on quickly enough and tends to miss unspoken signals more often than not but he’s good at spotting irregularities and deviations and so he picks up the slight tremor in Techie’s voice, understands between whir open and whir close that his Techie is worried about something. “Love?” He twists them around so they come to lie on their sides. “What is it?” Techie presses his lips together, shakes his head and looks away. Matt places a finger under his chin and gently forces him to meet his eyes. “I’m being silly,” Techie mumbles. “I know you like to work out and I don’t. So of course you make friends at the gym.” “No, you’re not being silly and no, he’s not my friend,” Matt throws one leg over Techie’s hips and pulls him really close. “We lift weights together. What’s on your mind? You can ask me anything, you know.” “What does he look like?” “Well,” Matt narrows his eyes, stares into the distance. Unhelpful images of K’s flat abs and muscular thighs flash through his mind, along with a few even less helpful sound bits of how he groans when he bench-presses or squats. “He’s tall, about my height, maybe an inch taller, and he’s enormous. You think I’m big? You should see his chest. And his arms? I could never press his weights.” He can’t suppress the awe in his voice. “He’s quick, too, his reflexes, I mean. Not sure if he’s a good runner, though, he’s probably too heavy to run. What else?” “Is he… pretty?” Techie repeats his earlier question. His voice sounds very small. “No.” About that, Matt doesn’t even have to think twice. K is anything but pretty. “He has a rather horrible scar here,” he touches his own face to demonstrate, “and another one on his shoulder. Probably more but I wouldn’t know. He has dark eyes and his hair is long but not as long as yours.” He twists a ginger strand around his index finger and lightly pulls. “And not half as beautiful.” He presses a kiss to Techie’s soft, soft lips. “We lift weights together,” he says again, “and that’s all. You should come with me one day so you can meet him.” “Really?” “Yes, of course. If you’re worried about him, then you should meet him and you’ll see there is nothing to worry about.” Techie’s pupils have stopped whirring and Matt kisses his forehead, his eyebrows, his eyelids, the tip of his nose – kisses each part that is readily available without breaking their embrace, kisses him sweetly and softly until Techie relaxes in his arms and returns his kisses. And while it’s true that Techie’s got nothing to worry about, well, there was a moment a couple of nights ago when Matt allowed his thoughts to wander in a different direction while he was pumping into his fist, when he imagined one of K’s big hands close around his cock. What would it be like with him? To rub against a body that big and muscular? To give in to K’s superior strength? But it was a fleeting thought only and K’s form soon began to slim down, his hair turned ginger, his eyes turned blue and his grunts turned into soft sighs and moans… and when Matt came, it was Techie’s name he groaned. No, Techie’s got nothing to worry about. Yes, K has an impressive body and he’s a great workout partner who pushes Matt and challenges him, but what’s his bulk against his love’s slender, supple frame? Matt doubts K would ever wrap himself around Matt the way Techie does and Matt likes that so much, being wrapped in Techie. He feels protective and protected at the same time and the thought alone makes his heart want to overflow and burst. And K’s untidy bun is nothing against Techie’s soft, ginger strands that tickle and caress Matt’s skin along with Techie’s lips and tongue. “Nothing to worry about,” he whispers into the curve of Techie’s neck. “Only you.” And he sets out to demonstrate just how serious he is, and soon the spectre of Matt’s mysterious friend flees from the sighs and moans and giggles and murmured words of encouragement. There’s no room for it between “am I doing it right?” and “just like that, oh stars yes please”. Absolutely no room between Matt and his Techie. Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 2 of the Of Hope and Strength series