Meeting "Yes, Supreme Leader." Kylo Ren is normally not a happy man. Today, however, he is an absolutely furious man. Not only was he belittled and given a babysitter , but General Hux has been sending him smirks all throughout the meeting. This girl he had found was suppose to be disposed of or at most made to work as a reconnaissance spy, NOT to be made a COMMANDER ! This girl had NO CLUE how anything worked! But, Snoke had only smiled, praising her talents and claiming the Knight of Ren would benefit from having a fellow commanding officer. After being dismissed, the trio of Kylo, this girl , and General Hux exited the transmission room. "Well, milady, I for one am thrilled to have you on board." You smiled. The ginger haired man was named Hux. He was a General, and tall. Not as tall as your fellow commander, though. 'Commander,' you thought. 'A day ago I was scrounging about looking for data to sell and get money from. Now I'm a commander.' "The pleasure is mine, General. I look forward to working with such a brilliant leader." "He is not a leader. I am." The robotic voice was not long lived. "As you are, Ren. She is your fellow officer. Your equal. You should treat her as such, lest Supreme Leader Snoke discovers your insubordination." The tall Knight was not happy. You felt it. He was angry. In an instant, the static of his blade filled the room, sparks landing on the general. "No matter, I am your superior and you will address me as such!" Without thinking, you had your saber drawn too. The purple of yours slinking under Ren's red, pushing his away from the face of the ginger man. Both men turned to look at you, utter disbelief on the general's face, and you assumed the same was on Kylo's. "You have a temper." The laugh that had escaped Hux's throat was deeper than you had expected. You had not known the man could laugh at all. Adding to his fury, you had challenged Kylo. His lightsaber deactivated, his boots clunking as he stormed away. Your blade shut off. The chrome trooper who had discovered you in the old temple calmly walked over beside Hux, who had come down from his laugh. "Milady, you are just what we've been waiting for." Chapter 2 : Milady Summary: Commander Ren is known as "commander" or "sir". After your initial meeting with Snoke, a passing trooper had heard Hux refer to you as "milady". Hence forth, your name is now always and forget, probably, going to be "milady". Notes: I am getting more confident in this with time tbh (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) "Milady." It's what you heard passing every door, every hallway, every step was "milady". The name, honestly, didn't bother you. You enjoyed it. You smiled at anyone and everyone who addressed you. It was a nice change from your previous names. Back home, your name was "scoundrel" "hey, you!" "that girl". Nothing as ever as flowing and nice as "milady". Although, you suspected, that there were a few exceptions to those who called you "milady". Your fellow commanding officer, for example. Whatever name he had begun to call you in his head, you were sure it was not a nice one. Among those who didn't call you "milady" was also your cat and mouse droid. Your mouse droid, of course, calls you "miss" in the clipped beepings of it's language. It serves you well, making sure you received any messages or other digital information back home, so its job would not have to change here. It giving you a name, you gave it a name, affectionately being "Thing". Thing was a very useful droid to have, but not your only companion. Your other close friend was your older cat. He was fat with gray and brown hair, small patches in some areas and a missing tail, but other than that healthy. His name was "mufasa", as you had found him on Mustafar on an older mission of yours. Mufasa's name for you had to be "hey" in his chubby little head. After all, that was how he got your attention. No, he didn't say "hey", but instead meowed it, and you were sure it meant the same thing. So yes, aside from Thing calling you "miss", Mufasa calling you "hey", and whatever in bantha's name your masked counterpart called you in his Bucket Of Doom, your name was "Milady". You quite liked the name "milady". Notes: I paid homage to our favorite voice actor, James Earl Jones in this chapter. He voiced Darth Vader and Musfasa, and George Lucas actually named the planet were Darth Vader was burned nearly to death "Mustafar". So backwards naming, ig, and me being a general trivia nerd. Chapter 3 : Debriefings and Sneezing Summary: Millicent is a short haired tabby. Mufasa is long haired, just subject to frequent hair cuts. Kylo is allergic to long haired cats. Plain and simple. You were to be given a debriefing on the current state of the galactic war so that you may muddle about your duties. It was a great conference room that you were currently in, sitting around a map of the systems with Kylo, Hux, and the silver stormtrooper from earlier. Her name was Phasma and she was captain of the troopers. Her hair was short, blonde, and close cropped. Her helmet had been taken off so that you could become familiar with her, as she was to train you in close range combat. Kylo, however, still had his helmet on. Your hand absent mindedly stroked the fur of Musfasa, who had entered the room with you and who you learned to be Millicent, the cat of the general. Hux, you mused, had simply brought Millicent into the debriefing room to annoy Ren more so than he already was. 'Millicent has the same color hair as her owner. I wonder if it gets all over Hux's clothes at night? He doesn't seem to have a single hair out of place. Does he keep a vacuum on him? Or a sticky rollers? Millicent even shed? If she does, it's probably on Kylo's stuff. I feel that Hux makes sure any cat hair Millicent loses finds a permanent place with the commander. I wonder why they hate each other so much? Probably a lover's spa-' "ACHISCRIK!" You, Hux, and Phasma all looked at Ren. That AWFUL noise came from him. Did...did he sneeze under his helmet? The awful static noise rose again, and you were sure he sneezed this time. "Ren, what in the bloody stars is wrong?" Another sneeze. "I don't know! I don't ever sneeze like this. The only time I ever have was when we landed on Naboo and I was surround by those hellions of cats!" "You don't sneeze around Millicent!" "She doesn't have enough hair to make me sneeze!" Millicent wasn't bald by any means. Her hair wasn't even patching, either. You felt a bump at your leg. You looked down to find Thing hitting your leg, then bumping into Mufasa. Phasma noticed too. "Does he have a disease or something?" "No," you said, immediately going to his defense, "he's perfectly healthy. He's only missing some hair." "And why is that?" "Long haired types usually patch." Although you couldn't see his face, you knew Kylo was glaring at you. "I am allergic to long haired cats!" "How was I supposed to know? It's not like you told me!" "Because I assumed your beast was shorted haired like Hux's mongrel!" "MILLICENT/MUFASA IS NOT A MONGREL/BEAST!" Both you and the General defended your feline friends, your respective pets falling in line behind you. Kylo sneezed once more. In an instant, his hands flew up to the sides of his helmet. A hiss left it, and the mask was off. 'By the FORCE!' Whatever you had been expecting, it certainly wasn't that ! He was BEAUTIFUL. His skin was quite peachy. It was lighter than you had thought. Freckles littered his face, his wide nose, and even on the sides of his mouth. His eyes looked like the delicious candy you had when you were younger and training at the old Jedi temple. Wait. Jedi temple? The temple where you trained along with other pupils under Master Skywalker before you had run off, not liking his ideas. He had a wife, a lover, and you nor any other students could have affection until you had learned the ways of the Force so that your loved one wouldn't deter you from your path. Few others shared your views of anger that you weren't allowed to take a partner. Others like a young Twi'lek male named Jaden, a Kril'dorian female named Diaanis, and a human boy named Ben. Ben. Oh, my fuck. "I have to use the bathroom." You pushed away from the tabled map and immediately turned for the door. Stepping out, Thing followed you, excited beeping the whole time. "Yeah, Thing, I know." Chapter 4 : Time and Time Again Summary: Solo. Solo. Luke's nephew. Solo. Notes: I don't know what I'm doing with my life (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Making sure you remembered the way back, you paced yourself down the long hallway. 'Ben! Kylo is Ben!' In all honesty, it did make sense. Ben, by no means, had been your best friend. Of course, you didn't hate each other, but you weren't in love. It wasn't a normal reunion where you meet your old love, no, just remembering an old peer. You were younger than Ben by a few years, 5 if you remembered correctly. Nothing huge. It was still something to wrap your head around though. Ben and you didn't "go way back" and some would call it. He had simply been in the same training class with you, and you and him had been paired in a maximum of 6 sparring battles. He wasn't a lover or even a friend, really. The most interaction you two had outside the training grounds was when a small group of you all had to go into the forest and get aquianted with the force that was in all living things. Your camping group consisted of you, Ben, a Zabrack boy, a Rodian girl, a Dantarian girl, and a Theelin boy. You, the dantarian girl, and Ben had stayed up later than the other three one night, simply star gazing. The dantari girl had pointed out a shape or two, however it was you who had the most knowledge of the stars. You had sat between Ben and the girl, rattling off facts and trivia of the stars and some of their patterns. The girl, Anfara you think her name was, and Ben had sat and listened. The only thing Ben said all night was that you had remarkable knowledge of the stars. You had thanked him and that was that. A month and a half later, you had finally had enough of Luke dotting on his lover and had taken off in the middle of the night, taking the beeping mouse droid that had followed you with you in an effort to keep it quiet. So Thing came to be, translating the any other droids you came across until you had collected and older ship tossed away by a rich Himoran man. It was a simple ship, only a few years old, however it was in need of a new thermal conductivity modulator. You had found one, stole it, and were off the next morning before you could be caught. Of course, this started your 8 year long career of stealing and selling on different planets in different systems, that is until Mustafar where some man had needed your help. After aiding him, he offered you 2 things. A reconnaissance job and a cat. You graciously accepted both, and had been on a mission 4 months into your job on Corascant, where you were found and interrogated. Ren, of course, immediately wanting to capture you because of your obvious force powers. It's not like you resisted much. You had no reason to. You simply said "I'm a collector, how can I be of service?" Low and behold, you were aboard your ship when the tractor beam caught you, and you floated onto a large star destroyer. "Thing, can you do me a favor?" The mouse droid beeped. Bending over and picking it up, you whispered into it's microphone. "Find out what you can of how Kylo Ren came to be." You set the mouse droid down and walked back to the debriefing room, Thing following you in an effort to remain normal looking. "Find the bathroom okay?" "Just fine, General, thank you." Kylo has a tissue under his nose, Mufasa and Millicent patting about doing what cats do. Kylo stared at you, and this time you didn't think the look was him trying to frighten you into submission. Notes: No old lovers here. Just a simple back story. Also, I am definitely going on board with Mara Jade still being alive. Whoops. I have my own theory for everything and this is a wild one of how Kylo fell to the dark side. I still don't know if I'm going to put it in this story. Also, all mentioned species are owned by George Lucas. I think. They're all legitimate species in Star Wars terms. Chapter 5 : Home Sweet Home Summary: You're shown your rooms for the first time. Yay! Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The mission debriefing went by quickly enough, you mused. Soon enough, Phasma was leading you to a large set of double doors. She handed you 2 key cards, one you noticed was identical to hers. "Beyond these doors are the leading officers apartments. This key card," she motioned to the one that looked like hers, "is for opening the big doors. The smaller one is for your personal apartment." Using her key card, she opened up the big set of doors. "The physical code for the door is A113." You followed Phasma through the doors. Once they closed behind you, you were faced with a bare room. The walls each had 2 doors. "That one, there, is mine. Feel free to stop by anytime. I'm hardly there anyway." She motioned to the door closest to you on the wall to your left. "That is General Hux's quarters. I'm sure he won't be too thrilled if you enter there, especially without his permission." To the right wall, a door with a smaller cat door was found. His was found diagonal to Phasma's. Finally, she motioned to the 2 doors on the wall opposite you. "The one to the right is Commander Ren's. The left, however, is yours. Once you're inside, you can set up your physical code. Give it to whomever you wish. Any questions?" "Can I get a cat door like the general?" You were almost sure you heard a chuckle. "Of course." The large doors leading into the commons opened. "Captain, here are the boxes, as you wished." "Thank you solider. Fix milady with a cat door, if you would." "Right away Captain.' The troopers had delivered everything on your ship that wasn't a part of the ship on a large bed. The trooper that wasn't pushing the cart set down the ball in his hands. "Mufasa!" A meow sounded from your pet's mouth. The troopers saluted Phasma, and you, and headed off. The large doors closed once more, and the captain spoke. "I have rounds to attend to. Expect me back in an hour, milady." "Thank you for everything, Captain." You saluted her, and if she wasn't wearing a helmet, you knew she'd be smiling. Phasma saluted back, and stalked over to the large doors. Once she was through, they closed with a hiss. "Well, Mufasa, let's get settled in." After pushing the cart of your belongings to your door and entering the key card, you opened it. Inside, there was a short hallway. To the right wall of the hallway, a doorway lead into a kitchen. At the end of the hallway, a large living room. "Wow. This is better than anything. What do you think, kitty?" "Mrow." The cart sat in the middle of the living room and you began to explore. The left wall wasn't a wall at all. It was a giant, thick glass window. 'Better not throw anything at that when I'm pissed.' The far wall had 2 doors on either side of a giant TV that looked to be part of the wall. It probably is. The left door, you found out, contained an expansive bedroom. A huge king size bed sat, headrest against the right wall. On the other side of the bed, another door. The left wall had a large window on it. Not taking up the whole wall this time, but big enough that you and another person could lay down on it's sill and be perfectly comfortable. The wall opposite you had a vanity and a large ornate dresser. After entering the other door in your room and discovering a walk in closet, you retreated back into the living room. "Comfortable, kitty?" Mufasa was rolling around on the couch. "Mew." The other door was a bathroom. Large and chrome. It had a bath to the left, a huge sink that extended to both sides with a mirror just as large opposite you, and a decent sized shower to the right. To the left of the doorway was a toilet. Exiting, you went to the last door in the living room. "Oh my stars!" The other side was a giant library. Shelves were stacked to the ceiling with books on any wall. A large couch sat in the middle of the floor, in the floor. Paintings hung in between the shelves. "Mufasa! It's all so beautiful!" Knock knock. You took another look around and then went to the door. "Milady, you wanted a cat door?" "Ah! Yes. Thank you!" Instantly, the human dropped to his knees and began cutting out a sizeable rectangle. "Honestly, you can just leave it like that. Thing and Mufasa can come and go as they please." "Are you sure, milady?" "Yes. That will be totally fine." "As you wish. Is there anything else I can do for you?" "Actually, yes, if you wouldn't mind." You stepped back, letting the man in. "Follow me if you will." He did. You lead him into your bedroom and pointing to the window. "If you can, make a small couch there. Just lay down some cushions so Musfasa has somewhere to lay. Oh! And I suppose make a cat door with an actual door on my bedroom door, please?" "Yes, milady." He immediately went to grab his tools from the outer doorway, and pressed a small intercom. "It's Thanis. Send someone with stuffing and a sheet cover to the new commander's room." "So your name is Thanis?" "Yes, milady." "What do you do here?" "I'm an service tech. I pretty much do this." "Is that just for your superiors?" "No. I, and 19 others, deal with all rooms. Even the cells." "Just interior design? Or what?" "No. Bathrooms kitchen repairs. Basically anything that has to do with living conditions I deal with." "So you build then?" "Yes." "What about technology?" "Ah, no. If your TV or intercoms or data pads were to break, a radar tech would most likely handle that." "So I'd call a radar tech to, say, build a computer in my library?" "Yes, Milady." Another knock at the door. A woman this time. "You called, sir?" "Yes. Milady, this is Odes. She's another service tech." "Good day, Milady." "Hi, Odes. Follow me and I'll show you where this is going." Odes pushed the cart of her supplies behind you, and you heard Thanis gather his tools to follow and begin the other cat door. "So you two, how'd you come to work here?" Odes, now working on your couch, answered first. "I was on the planet Geonosis. After the old Republic fell, I was working at a bar fixing some generator when some stormtroopers found me and told me I was coming with them. I didnt have anything to lose, so I did. So for the past 2 years, I've been here." "I've been to Geonosis once. Quite dusty." "Yeah. Oh well, the pay was nice. What about you, Thanis?" "Ah. Well, I've always worked on the ship. Born here too. Nothing much to tell really. I worked my way from a janitor to what I do now. If...if you don't mind me asking, Milady, why do you care?" "What do you mean?" "Not to speak ill of Commander Ren or General Hux, but they don't care about us. We're just no bodies to them. So why do you care?" "You're people. You're my coworkers. You may not be commanders, but your jobs are still important to the ship. Why shouldn't I care?" They both seemed a little stunned. "T-thank you, Milady." "It's really no trouble. Thank you for telling me your stories." Both Thanis and Odes smiled. "Well your cat door is done. Let me know if you need anything else." "Thank you Thanis. If you find one who's not too busy, send a radar tech up. I'd like a computer in my library." "Yes Milady." Thanis left. You turned to Odes. "Can I ask how you got here, Milady?" "I was doing my job, collecting old data in an old temple when Captain Phasma and Kylo found me. Not really much to tell." "It sounds fun." "Eh. It was like vulture work. It was only fun because I was able to go to other planets all the time." "Wow! Really? I was on Geonosis my whole life. I was happy to get off that planet." "I'm sure. It wasn't that fun for me, other than the droid factory." "The battle droid factory? How'd you even get in? I thought it had been totally sealed off!" "It was. I had to go through an old sewer line. Talk about ew." "Did you recover anything from there?" "Some old microchips for super battle droids and pilot droids. I equipped them in my ship. I also found plans for building all kinds of droids. Oh, and I found Tank." "Who's Tank?" "My gonk droid. I don't know if you've seen one. They're old technology. I actually have the plans for the droids and a handful of microchips in tank." "Where is Tank?" "In my ship." "You may want to retrieve it. I think they want to part the ship." "Ah!" The scream that left you was not a pretty one. You grabbed Odes' hand. "C'mon. Leave the bed for right now. We're gonna go find Tank." "Oh, uh, okay!" You both ran to the door leading out into the large room. Before you could get very far, you ran head first into someone. "Ouch!" "I'm, I'm sorry." You stood up and looked up at the man who had halted you. "My fault. I was running." "To where?" "To somewhere very important. I need to get to the docking bay where my ship is being held. Can you show me where it is?" "Sure." "Oh my God, thank you so much!" You grabbed the man's hand and yanked him with you. Odes followed behind you. "Again, I'm sorry for bumping into you. What's your name?" "I'm Matt. I'm a radar technician." Notes: Ooh hoo. Back stories and boring descriptions of your new home. Oh, and out favorite bumbling technician named Matt :) Chapter 6 : Clompy Little Box Summary: Tank is a square BB-8 really Notes: Guess who's back, back again? Shade is back, hump a friend Matt led you with almost scary accuracy to the docking bay, were you found a few troopers unloading pieces of your ship. "EXCUSE ME!" The trooper facing away from you dropped the box he was holding and quickly spun around. "M-milady! I had been given direct orders t-" "I do not care WHO gave you these orders, but you will tell all other troops to return everything back to this ship IMMEDIATELY!" "Y-yes Milady!" The poor thing didn't HAVE to be yelled at, but as you watched him run off to tell anyone else to return your things to your care right away. Klonk, klonk, klonk. Out of the doorway to the ship and down the ramp, large feet made their way slowly towards you. "Tank! You're okay!" Immediately hugging the droid, you sighed in relief. An excited whirr behind you revealed Thing spinning in circles, excited to have his friend back. "Ah, Milady! I'm sorry to have parted your ship, but it was for the bes- oh! You have a gonk droid? They're so outdated -" Any and all noise was instantly cut with the sound of a lightsaber. Your sword pointed directly at the man's jugular, if you moved forward by an inch he would be spluttering and choking. You slowly stood, turning around. "Now, I may not know who you are, but you obviously do not know who I am. I'd like to consider myself kind, understanding even. However you attempted to take my ship, my home , apart without any form of consent by me, the ship's owner and your commander . Now I could have forgiven you ravaging my ship, however you insulted my friend. Apologize, this instant ." "I-I-I'm sorry! Milady, I apologize-" " To t he droid ." Humiliation was not your thing. It was, however, apparently Matt's thing. Out of the corner of your eye, you saw the radar technician "subtly" grip the front of his pants and shift his problem. "I apologize, droid." "His name is Tank." "Tank," the officer spoke with fear, "I apologize for my utter disrespect to you and your mistress." "Good, thank you." Your lightsaber deactivated and the man straightened up. "Milady, I did not mean to offend you." "All is forgiven. Return my ship to it's former glory and all will be fine." "Yes, Milady." He turned, and began to step away. "You do not walk fast enough for my liking." With a flick of your wrist, the officer was tossed like a rag doll to the other side of the docking bay. "Make sure he is sent to the medical bay to ensure his broken ribs and fractured skull are fixed. I want him at working capacity as soon as possible because he will be fixing my ship as soon as he regains the ability to walk on his own." The stormtroopers that had been previously frozen in fear moved instantaneously. "Yes Milady." After the troops had moved, you spun to Matt and Odes. "I'm sorry you had to see that. Now, we can travel back to my rooms to get this computer installed and have Tank and Thing equipped with newer memory." You moved fluidly, stepping in between and past Matt and Odes. They blinked twice and moved into step behind you. With a thunk, Thing had moved in front of you a second later, Tank resting on top of him. "Ah, mouse droids. They are small, but they are durable. They were on the original and second Death Star, you know." Whatever Matt had been thinking before that, it had obviously been forgotten. "You know about the Death Star too? You know Darth Vader worked on that, right?" "Lord Vader was an admirable man from what I've heard. I trained under his son in my younger days." Faltering footsteps at that. "You trained under Luke Skywalker?" Was Matt speaking through gritted teeth? "Yes, however he was a blind man who did not practice what he preached. You are wise to serve the First Order. I left Skywalker and by extension any traces I had of knowing the Force well and true when I turned, oh, about 14? That's how I got Thing, actually. I expect he was on the shuttle Skywalker uses to transport Vader's body once he died." Almost timidly, Matt asked you, "what do you think of Darth Vader?" "A great sith. One of the most powerful ever. I learned a lot about Vader when I trained under Skywalker. For a Jedi, he spoke so highly of a dark force user. I was surprised. Vader held much...passion, I suppose is the word I'm looking for. From what I know of Vader and his lineage, I see much of the Lord in his grandson." "You do?" Matt honestly sounded as if he was about to cry. He was obviously a huge Darth Vader fan. "What do you think of Kylo Ren." "Your commander is quite an effective leader from what I've heard. I wish, however, he was a bit more open. What do you think of Kylo Ren?" "Oh, no." Before you could ask what Odes meant, floodgates open and you soon learned why her sorrow. For a solid 2 minutes, Matt spoke of Ren without breathing. "I heard he's got an 8-pack. I hear he's shredded." "With all his battles and training, I'm sure he is." "Have you seen him without his mask on? I hear he's got the best face ever." "I have, actually, and he is quite handsome. I rather like his eyes." Bang! You had arrived at your door, but he arrived too. "Matt, I would advise you wait til I open the door before you try to go through it." As you opened the door, Odes helped him up. You lead them into the hallway. "Odes, you can go finish the bed. Thank you for it and for your help with recovering Tank. Here. Have this." You pulled a memory stick from Tank's small compartment for such things, and handed it to her. "It's the history of the droid factory and it's plans. I figured you'd like to do some midnight reading." She gasped and reached out for the stick as if it would disappear. "T-thank you Milady! Oh, this is amazing! I'll finish your bed right away!" She hastily shoved the stick in her pocket and walked quickly to your bedroom. You reached into Tank once more and fished out another memory stick. "Ah, here. I know this by heart know and figured since you seem to be a fan of the Empire, this would be nice for you to have, being a radar technician and all." Gingerly, Matt took the stick. "Uh, what is it?" "Plans and schematics for the second Death Star. I have a lot of data. It was my job, after all." Tears actually welled in his eyes. "This is. Wow. I- thank you! I, uh, I'm going to go gather workers for your computer system. Thank you so much!" He dashed out your front door. Odes returned a minute later. "Matt is...Matt's a Kylo Ren fan." "I gathered." "Thank you again, Milady, for this gift. It's priceless." "I hope it makes up for you having to see me lash out earlier." With a smile, she spoke once more before leaving. "Your bed is done. Have a good day, Milady." "Same to you, Odes." Parting ways, you walked back into your bedroom. The window sill was lavish in a deep red cushion, complete with a small book lying on top. You grabbed the book and dusted off the worn cover. 'Knights of the Old Republic' A smile lit up your face. Odes was a nice girl. A knock pulled you from your thoughts. "Coming!" When you opened the door, 3 people greeted you. "Good evening Milady. We're here to install your computer system." "Oh. What happened to Matt?" "General Hux informed him he needed to fix a calcinator immediately in the docking bay. Something about a man being pushed into it." You reddened. You'd have to apologize to Matt when you saw him again. Chapter 7 : Run A Lap Summary: You race with Kylo and he invades your mind when you win(͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) The base to your state of the art computer system was up and running enough to get Tank and Thing charged and into sleep mode so they could undergo data transfers tomorrow. Phasma, as promised, returned to your room and promptly dismissed the techs working on the computer. "The work day has ended, meaning we have down time if you would like to do a basic course so we can get your data down." "Alright." Although you didn't particularly feel like training, you figured getting it over with would be easier. The walk to the training ground was quicker than you expected, although you figured that it was so close to Phasma's room because that's what she did most of the time. The room was...big, to say the least. The ceiling was high, much higher than your apartment ceiling. There was a track that went all the way around the room and a obstacle course and a few weight machines in the center. "Before we get started, know that nothing is a competition, but you will be doing basics alongside Commander Ren to see how you compare." At his name, Kylo strode in the room, but not looking normal. Did Phasma really expect you to focus with the shirtless with beside you? Matt was right, he really did have the best face ever. And body. And everything. "Milady?" "Huh?" "I said you'd need to change before we get started." Phasma handed you a small pile of clothes and pointed to an adjacent door off to the left. "You can change in there." "Thank you, Captain." Padding along, you made your way to the dressing room. In the room was a set of lockers and several showers. Quickly, you shed your robe and let it drop to your feet. Next was your tunic. You sat on the bench, toed off your boots and stripped yourself of your socks. Standing again, you made work of your pants and under shirt, leaving you in your under wear. Peeling off your bra, you slid on the sports bra Phasma gave you. It was a little tight but would work until you could get a new one. Next were the shorts, which hit your mid thigh. Finally was the shirt, which was a loose tank top with thick straps. 'Hm. Certainly prepared. I better pee before I start this.' You found the toilets and relieved yourself. After washing your hands, you flipped your head upside down and tied your hair up haphazardly. After piling your clothes on the bench, you strode out back into the gym. "Alright. Let's do this." "Commanders, begin at the starting line of the track here, then run to the end of the room and back again. Once you've both returned, you'll go around the track twice. Simple enough?" You glanced at Kylo, then nodded to Phasma. 'If I don't get distracted by his hair being up first.' Taking your mark and your breath, you spared one more look to Kylo. "Deep breath, girl. Feel the force and let it push you. Focus on your mark." "I don't know how well I'll do. I have small legs." "I'm sure running from the law has given you plenty of muscle build up in your calves." You felt your face redden. Hmph. "Ready?" Kylo nodded, and you felt all the more determined to beat him in the race. "Prepare. Go!" You pushed yourself harder than you think you had before and actually made it to the wall before Kylo, however when you turned around and saw him, sweating and red faced, it made you stumble. He ended up beating you back to the start. "Hmm. You're quicker than I thought." "You know, just years of running from the law." Not a minute later, you were racing again. Lord, he was fast. You pushed hard, but he was still ahead of you by a yard. 'Now, if he could just fall...' What surprised you was not him falling, but that you had off handedly used the force. You made it to the finish line, and he belted. "That's cheating!" "I did not cheat!" And honestly, you didn't. You didn't mean to, anyway. "Fine. We even the score then. Push ups, then?" "Fine." You both dropped, taking to the floor, up and down repeatedly. 'You know, you look hot when you struggle to beat me.' You fell immediately. "THAT is cheating." "I did no such thing." "You entered my mind and said weird stuff!" "Nothing that wasn't true." Honestly, you couldn't breathe. "I need sleep. It's been a long day." Without bothering to grab your clothes, you left the training room and huffily stomped back through the hallways, officers and troopers veering the second they saw you in a bad mood. Once you made it to your apartment, you jiggled the handle to your door. It wouldn't budge. "You are kidding me." "Focus on the lock and think, girl." You whipped around and saw Ren in his suit and helmet. "What? How are you here so quick? And dressed so fast? And why'd you follow me?" "Well, first off, I didn't take the long way to get back to here. Secondly, it helps to remember your clothes when you leave the gym." He held up the bundle of clothes you left and you suddenly felt rather undressed as you took your clothes from him. "Allow me." With a wave of his hand, the lock to your door clicked. You grumbled and turned the handle. "Yeah, well, don't do that again." "Are you giving me a command?" He leaned in close to your face. "I will do what I want when I want to do it." "You can't just come unlocking my door and barging into my rooms whenever you want. What if I'm bathing? Or doing something privately?" "Then I join you." Whatever was happening before didn't matter. You turned and quickly slammed the door with the force. You locked it, too. The bastard had the nerve to chuckle. "I heard that!" "You were meant to, girl." Before you could open the door again, you made yourself walk to the bathroom. Mufasa was there, exploring the large countertop. He mewled at you, and you sighed. "I need a cold shower, kitty." Chapter 8 : Sing A Song Of Submission Summary: (͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)(͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)(͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)(͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)(͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)(͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) Notes: Sorry y'all. I was vacationing in Florida (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Cold showers. Yeah. You could do cold showers. You needed one, and bad. Damn Kylo Ren. With his tallness and muscles and pretty eyes and nice hair. This was not the Ben Solo you knew. Ben was stalky and didn't talk much and was awkward. Whatever Snoke turned him into, it was not the little emo kid you knew. You turned the shower on, however it wasn't cold. No matter what you did, you could not shower cold. It was colder than normal, but certainly not freezing. After stripping and tossing your clothes on the counter, you climbed into the shower. 'Damn. Was the room really not used? All these products are so fancy! Look at this! Hair soaps and softeners from Giju? Body scrubs from Kinyen? Even blades from Yavin. Everything is so high end!' Grabbing a bottle of what seemed like hair soap, you worked it through and rinsed it, then applied softener and let it soak. You took a cloth and used some body soap and washed your body down, all while singing. It was a simple song you had heard at the dive bars around, albeit dirty. However music was music to you, and even if the song was about being tied down you'd still sing it. As you began to shave your legs, you heard a soft grunt. "Mufasa?" Nothing. Guess it wasn't him. You worked the blade over your legs and then your under arms, because you liked to be shaven. Others who didn't see shaving as a necessity were common, and you didn't think anything of it. Some just didn't like to be without their hair. However, you ran and moved too much to have hair keeping you warm. Last time you went without, your legs overheated. You needed to be sleek to train and run, so you shaved. You learned the trick from some humans who raced alongside Ishi Tibs in water sports. They said that the more body hair they removed, the faster they swam. So, you shaved. And that was that. You had begun to shave your more intimate areas when another soft hitch of breath sounded. It was coming from the vent overhead. You ignored it and went on with your song. "Hold my hands above me head, push my face into the bed, cuz I'm a screamer baby make me a mute. Put your hand around my neck and feel the pulse beat, it's like a trigger, get me ready to shoot. Wanna wrestle with me baby? Here's a sneak, little peak. You can dominate the game cuz I'm tough. I don't play around that often and when I do, I'm a freak, so you better believe I like it rough." This time, the sound was clear as day. It was a full out moan and it was definitely coming from the vent. "Push into my body, sink your teeth into my flesh. Get undressed, taste, taste the flesh. Bite into me harder, sink your teeth into my flesh. Pass the test, taste, taste the flesh. Hold me up against the wall, give it til I beg, give me some more. Harder baby harder I like it raw." Another moan, quite loud this time. 'What the fuck! That's Kylo! Is- is he getting off?' There was no other sound than Kylo, so you assumed it was just him. 'Oh gross! The vent must lead into his bedroom! Ew! He damn well knows it too!' Good thing you rinsed out your hair and washed your body. You turned the handle roughly and yanked the curtain back. Grabbing a large towel, you rubbed your head to get the majority of water out, then wrapped the towel around yourself. You grabbed your door's key card and stomped angrily over to your fellow commanders door and knocked, hard. A flushed Kylo opened the door and he smirked. "Can I help you?" "Can you kindly keep it quiet? I was trying to shower!" "I could ask you the same thing. I was trying to mas-" "Do not. Do not finish that sentence. Do you do this often? What do Phasma and Hux say?" "They can't hear me. I'm just too used to having empty space beside me." "Well you don't now. So please attempt to refrain from being so loud." "And just what are you gonna do to stop me?" You narrowed your eyes and gripped the end of your towel. In one swift motion, the towel that was wrapped around you was in his mouth and over his head. "Gag you." You stomped back to your door and quickly input the card and slipped inside. "I just shoved a towel into Kylo Ren's mouth. I'm going to die. He's going to kill me. What the fuck, me?" Today was not your day. Notes: This is 1000000000% filth I am sorry. Please don't lynch me. This is horrible. FYI the song is Simon Curtis "Flesh" so. Chapter 9 : Unpacking and Unplugging It was best for you to actually put clothing on in case General Hux or Captain Phasma or even Commander Ren came in, albeit the latter to possibly execute you. While he was a decent coworker and a man with humor, his patience was only so thin and his humor so deep. You stood and padded your way to you bedroom. You fished through the duffle bag that had been sitting on your bed and grabbed a pair of sleep pants that had tiny little tauntauns on them and an old shirt. You walked over to two boxes, both labeled "clothing". Wow, the troops who unpacked you ship really got to the last detail, didn't they? You opened one box and found it contained coats and dresses. Hey–you may be a powerful force user, but you still liked to play dress up every now and again. The dresses weren't lavish by any means. Just 3 soft, flowy gowns and 3 tighter dresses. A meow made you turn your head. "You know, Musfasa, I'm starting to think that the Fates wanted me in the First Order. I mean, black? Come on. I fit right in! The red's a stretch, but it seems that Kylo doesn't have any issued robes. Or is his cowl issued? Oh well. All my clothes are black anyway. It can't be that drastic. I'll iron on a patch if I need to." You opened the second box and found your standard clothing. A total of 15 shirts and 12 pairs of pants, give or take a few. A few shawls for coverage, a tank top here and there. At the bottom was your underwear. Panties and boxers alike, because you enjoyed being comfortable dammit. A handful of socks and some bras. You slip a more comfortable bra on, then a pair of boxers, then socks. Then you slipped the pajama pants and the shirt on. "Alright kitty. I suppose I should stop being lazy and unpack." Thanks to whoever packed your stuff in the first place, everything was folded and neat. You moved clothes to the dresser and coats and dresses to the closet. You found the box with your shoes and moved them to the closet. Within 15 minutes everything was unpacked and in its place. A meow sounded again. "Musfasa, hush. Oh. You're not Mufasa." The orange tabby looked up at you and mewled again. "Well hello there. You must be General Hux's kitty. I'm the newbie. And you are?" "Mew." "Pretty name." You sunk and servaed the tags on the collar. "Millicent. Ah. Well hello. Make yourself at home, I suppose. Cat food, if Muf hasn't eaten it all, is in the kitchen. Litter box is in the bathroom. There are toys about somewhere and cat nip I think. If not I need to get more." You walked out into the living room and fixed stuff in there. The couch was pushed to the wall and the table was moved to the middle of the room. Mufasa walked towards Millicent slowly. A knock sounded. "Please don't fight you two. I'll be right back." You strode to your door and opened it. General Hux greeted you on the other side. "Hello Milady. I apologize to visit later than normal." "You're fine. How can I help you?" "Did, by chance, Millicent slip in here?" You opened the door wider and stepped aside. He entered and looked around. "Hmm. It's quite neat." "The only mess I'll have is in my room on occasion where I'm not up for getting out of bed." "Ah. Well then. Do you like your quarters?" "It's nicer than anything I've had before. Very fancy. The kitchen is larger than my cockpit." "Well the ship is large itself. The back is dedicated to our quarters. The engines are above us, however things shouldn't get too noisy." "I don't care much. I have enough music on my holopad to drown it out anyway. The only foreseeable problem is Mufasa." "How so?" "He searches for companion ship in the form of other animals when I'm not around. At least him and Millicent seem to be getting along." It was true. Mufasa was laying down, paws tucked under himself as Millicent groomed his ear. "Is he fixed?" "What? Stars, no. I don't believe in it. He isn't declawed either. Is Millicent?" "No. I believe it inhumane to alter her in anyway. I see no need to. Aanyway, I must be going. Snoke has requested my presence. Farewell, Milady." "Farewell." With that, the General gathered Millicent in his arms and left. You locked the door behind him and finally input a code for your door. You walked to your library and unhooked Tank and Thing. "Are you two up to date now? Feel better?" Tank made his gonk sound and Thing chirped happily. "Good. I'm glad. Any chance on the hacking?" "Yes. The mainframe is in my data chips, and Tank has a backup file in his files." "Thank you, Thing." The small droid wizzed off and probably out through the door. Tank went into sleep mode. There was another knock. Geez, did Kylo get this many interuptions? Probably not. "Ah. Captain Phasma. Come in, please." She entered and a man followed her in as well. "Milady, this is our Lieutenant, Dopheld Mitaka. He answers directly to the General, however he is still under your command." "Good day, Milady." "Hello, Lieutenant. Pleasure to meet you." He visibily relaxed. "The pleasure is mine. While I answer to General Hux, I also am usually the bearer of bad news." "Hm?" "When a large mission fails, I'm usually sent to tell Commander Ren about it." "Ah. I take it your penchant is not delivery disappointing news to Ren. Tell your General that you may relay less than victorious information to me. If he has a problem, he can talk to me. I am far more understanding." Mitaka smiled. "I can already tell, Milady." You grinned back. So far this commander thing was much easier than you thought. Chapter 10 : Babysitting Duty Summary: Woohoo. Another meeting Notes: I've been getting a lot of good feedback about this fic and I like it. So I continue Unending beeping was all you registered as you opened your eyes. With a groan, you sat up. "Ew." Sleep was amazing, but you actually had duties. Grumbling, you sat up and winced. Small steps carried you to the bathroom and you went about using your facilities to begin your day. Relief flooded you as you emptied various organs and cleaned up. You grabbed your brush, resting on the counter, and ran it through your nappy hair. When you finally looked mildly presentable you left the bathroom. You padded to your kitchen and were thankful that (as you requested) the fridge and cabinets were stocked from the previous night. You grabbed some juice and an apple to settle your stomach for right now–kitchens after your day really started. Once finished with your impromptu breakfast, you tossed the core into the trash and discarded your glass into the sink. Back to the bathroom to brush your teeth, then to your bedroom to finally put real clothes on. The old clothes wore the previous day and gym outfit you had grabbed when you were in there were tossed into a pile by the door. You walked to the dresser and pulled out stuff to get dressed for the day. Some leggings, a shirt, bra, socks, panties. Simple. From the closet you grabbed boots and a cloak. You dressed quickly. Thing whizzed around your legs as you fastened your belt around you waist and hooked your lightsaber on. "The orange haired man says he wants you in the big meeting room." "Do you know if anyone else is gonna be there?" "All I saw was the pale man and the grumpy robot." "Alright. Are you coming? I want you to take in information while we're there." A beep of agreement, and you headed off. Your key cards were in a pocket of your cowl. Thing lead you back to the transmission room. Thank stars Thing had a map installed. You nodded at Hux and Kylo, who gestured you into the large room. The three of you walked in front of the large hologram of Supreme Leader Snoke, and knelt. "And what do we have here?" asked Snoke. You all rose. "This is my MSE-6 droid, sir." "Hmm. Old technology, don't you think?" "He's served me graciously." "I see. Do you have any other droids?" "Just a GNK power droid." "Even older technology. How'd you come across such artifacts, hmm?" "Before the captain and commander found me, I was a spy of sorts. I flew to tons of systems and planets to gather information and data. Sometimes it was a job, sometimes it was for personal reasons." "Do you have any useful information or data. Since it was your job anyway." "Yes, actually. Thing, data files please?" "It has a name?" "Yeah. He's been a good friend of mine for a while." "How good of a friend?" "Well, aside from Tank and Mufasa, my only friend." "And they are?" "Tank is my GNK power unit, although he's been updated to store anything I need. Mufasa is my cat." "Mmhmm." Thing beeped as a chip exerted from his small body. General Hux leaned down to grab it, but Thing backed off quickly. "Stop that. He's not going to hurt you. Give him the chip." Thing moved forward again and allowed the general to take the chip. He stood and slipped it into a holopad, which displayed a screen. "What are you looking for, Supreme Leader?" "Shall we start with plans of a basic TIE fighter?" With quick fingers, you located the schematics. This was what you were used to. This is what you knew. This was you. "Here. Twin Ion Engine/LN starfighter. Commonly used for dogfighting, it is a close range shooter ship equipped with SFS P-s4 engines, and SFS L-s1 laser cannons." And for the next hour, that's what you did. You tapped and clicked for anything Snoke asked for. "Certainly a barrage of information. Quite extensive. Good for harboring knowledge." "Thank you sir." "Can it find out anything about the Resistance?" "I would have to find some sort of technology that has information about the Resistance on it. Then I could hook up Thing to it and he could download whatever he needed." "Then it's settled. Kylo. You are to join her and you two will travel to Jakku. You should be able to find out something about the scavenger girl." "Yes, supreme leader." "You're dismissed." You all left. As soon as the door shut, Kylo's lightsaber was out and destroying a nearby console. "Stop it!" Your blade rose, too, and you pushed his away from the poor console. "You can't tell me what to do!" "Well you don't need to destroy things when you don't get your way!" He struck his blade down and you deflected. "Calm the fuck down, Ren! You can't just kill me!" His hand flew up, but you sensed it. For a solid minute, Hux watched as you two went arm to arm and attempted to freeze each other. Without warning, your feet gave and you flew back. A resounding 'thud' said that Kylo did too. Blades deactivated, and you groaned. A hand flew in front of your face. It was the general. You reached up and allowed him to pull you up, and did everyone have hidden strength? "What the fuck? Are you seriously that angry that you have to go on a mission? You're impossible!" He immediately rose and invaded your space. "You don't get to talk to me like that!" "Bantha fodder I don't! I'm certainly not gonna drop to my knees for you after you tried to kill me! What was that?!" By all means, you shouldn't be in this position. He was so tall . And you? You weren't. You were easily a foot shorter than him, and it's not like you were scary. However, you stood your ground and went toe to toe with your staring contest. His hand flicked, and your throat was being constricted. "You insolent little brat . You can't talk to me if you can't breathe." He seemed to forget you were force sensitive. You pushed back with what you had, enough to talk at least. "Jokes on you, ass. I get choked harder during sex. This is nothing." The pressure left you, and he stepped back a good 3 feet. You spun and walked, Thing on your heels. On the way back to your room, you complained to him once out of ear shot of the general and commander. "The nerve of him! Fucking twit! He tried to slaughter me! Can you believe it, Thing? You'd think I'd get shown a bit more respect, wouldn't you? The little dickhole. I swear. I should have shoved my saber in his ass. You think I would dislodge the stick?" Everyone who was walking near you immediately veered as you ranted to the droid. You blew off to the droid as it guided you back to your room. Once you reentered, you slammed the door. "Mrow." You glanced down at your cat and sighed. "I'm sorry Mufasa. I shouldn't have scared you. Are you okay baby? I'm sorry." He circled your legs and meowed. You glanced into the kitchen towards his food bowl. "That's why you missed me." You tended to your cat's needs and glanced around the kitchen for something, anything you could use to take food to your ship (which was thankfully up and running with some new additions, courtesy the dick who tried to piece it out.) so you wouldn't starve. Knock knock. "Thing!" The little droid arrived at your feet and you sat your key card on top of him. "Tell them to let themselves in." He whizzed off, and a minute later returned with Phasma in tow. "Hello captain." "Milady. You have a mission already?" "Yep. With the angry man child. I am so not excited." "I came to wish you luck. It can't be easy." "I am not happy that I have to take him, however I am excited to get back out there and do what I'm good at. It'll feel good being in open space again. Like old times. Oh! Which reminds me. Could someone look after Mufasa while I'm gone? Feed him and make sure his litter is changed?" "I'll have someone on it, Milady." "Thank you Phasma. This should be fun, then." She shook her head. "I apologize. Just try not to kill each other. We need our commanders." You laughed, nodding along. For a captain of the Funless Brigade, she certainly had an air of humor about her. "I'll try to not murder him. It may be difficult, but I can manage." "I'm sure you can do it. Is there anything I can help you take back to your ship?" You nodded, motioning for her to follow you. You led her into your bedroom. Grabbing the duffle bag you had, you threw a few pairs of pants into it. Shirts next. Socks. Underwear. "TANK!" As you packed the bag, you made idle chat with Phasma til the droid entered your room. "Saddle up buddy. We're heading out. I need you to empty all the data you have on file into the computer. Update for travel." He stalked off and you called for Thing. "Empty your file as well. Load up with maps and anything you can get about the planet Jakku." He whizzed away. "Anyway. This is all I'll need for travel. If you can take this to my ship, I need to head to the kitchens." She accepted the bag and walked away after handing you your key card. You grabbed your datapad, looked up the way to the kitchens, and followed the way there. "You must be the new commander. How may I help you, miss?" "I'm going to need around a month's worth of various foods for three people stocked into the nonissued ship in the docking bay. Please be quick, if you can. I intend to leave within the hour." Nods all around. After some more tapping on your datapad, you walked to the medical bay. "Milady?" "I'll need large first aid kits and a gallon of bacta installed into my ship. As quickly as you can, please. I'm going to be taking off as soon as I can." "As soon as we're done patching up Commander Ren." On cue, Ren strode from a far room and straight up to you. "When do you intend to leave?" "As soon as the med kits and foods are in my ship, as long as you're ready." "I'll meet you there then." Everything was ready to go. Hux and Phasma, surrounded by various officers, followed you to your ship. "Why are we taking your ship again?" "It's not First Order property. We're going for stealth, not strength." The hatch opened, the walk lowering itself. You turned to Phasma. "Updates on Mufasa and various things around the ship, if you would." "Of course, Milady." Ren asked Hux similar things, and you turned into your ship. Thing beeped at you. "Tank's in sleep mode til we get there. The shiny lady dropped this off before you came." He bumped against a bag set on the floor. You opened it to find it contained a few tampons (just in case), deodorant, shampoo and conditioner, rags, towels, and your tooth brush. You were glad you had someone grab it all before you left. You walked it to the small bathroom and sat it down on the counter. Back in the cockpit, Ren has made himself comfy in the right seat. "Alright. There should be plenty of food in the small fridge. There's enough for us and should be extra. We shouldn't be gone for more than 3 weeks. Do you know around where the target lived?" A nod. "Tell me before we land so I can pinpoint us. Anyway, this should be simple. We are gonna have to talk to people, however, so I hope you brought casual wear." "Excuse me?" "You can't stalk through the planet dressed as Kylo Ren. No one will give us real answers. We have to blend in. You do have casual clothes, correct?" Nothing. "Well then. Okay. Your pants and boots should be fine. You can't wear the cowl or helmet however." "Why not?" "You can't be Kylo Ren." "Then everyone will know what I look like." You blinked at him. "No one will know you're you. I suggest you think of a name. You're gonna be a whole new person for a whole month. Hold tight. Take off." You started the ship. It spluttered as the engines turned. You strapped in and urged him to do the same. Once out of the docking bay and in space, you called Thing over and plugged him in. "Map to Jakku." Once down loaded, you unplugged him and let him muddle about. "Alright. Well, here we go. You may as well take the helmet off now. You don't need it and won't need it." With a hiss, it was removed. A thunk and it landed on the floor beside him. "Prepare for light speed." Soon enough, you were within Jakku's presence. "Come on." You lead Kylo to the small bedroom located towards the ship's rear. You opened the duffle bag sitting on the bed. Fishing through, you pulled out a shirt hopefully big enough for him. "Off with the robe." He eyed you as it fell to the ground. His gloves came next, then he slowly slipped the shirt up. You gulped. It was too intimate feeling. Not that you hadn't had occasion before. You weren't foreign to sex, not by far . Some would say you were a slut–sleeping with anyone on whatever planet. It's not like your job was without perks. "Put it on." He took the shirt and eyed it. Soon enough, however, he slipped it on. 'Fuck me.' He looked really good in your clothes. Almighty. The shirt, plain gray, hugged him. "Well. Have you picked out a nam-" "Ani. And yours will be Amidala." You blinked. "Okay then." You slipped off your cowl and slipped on a shawl that would hide your sword. "We'll have to find you a vest or something. For now, saber goes in your pocket." You opened up the compartment over the bed and grabbed the 3 guns and thigh holster. Sliding to your knees, you glanced up at Kylo. "Spread your legs." "What? Why?" "Thigh holster." Timidly, he opened his legs enough for you to slip the leather around and fasten it. You stood, and placed a gun in it. You put the other 2 in there places on your belt. "So how are we playing this?" "What?" Had he never done this before? "Well people are gonna ask who we are. So we need to play roles. We can't be siblings because we don't look close enough. I'd say friends but no one would buy it. I guess I'm your girlfriend, then." "You are?" "Til the month is up." He raised an eyebrow. "Don't expect pet names." "I don't need one. Just call me Amidala." His eyes grew dark, nearly possessive. He may be a giant douche, but hey, douches wet you between the legs which is what he was doing. You were sure you were gonna die. Chapter 11 : Tradition Is To Blame "You mean to tell me that you don't know lightning or drain or heal?" "Snoke never taught me." "What about Skywalker? Come on. I know damn well you remember me and I also know that he taught us deeper powers." You and Kylo had been walking for about an hour and a half at this point, feeling the force energy in the air. You had begun discussing force powers you were taught as a fledgling Jedi. "That doesn't matter, girl. I chose to forget all my Jedi training. Why should it matter?" "Because the Dark and the Light each have their own powers to offer. The best way to defeat your enemies is to know what their moves are going to be, no?" "I wanted to leave all of my past life behind. Snoke is like a father to me. The one I never had. Well, I had one of course, but he's recently deceased ." Whatever conversation had been going on it ended there. A mechanical hiss was heard a bit away, and speeders were on the horizon. You grabbed Kylo's hand and stood close to him, leaning in. "Don't say a word and stay in my head." The speeder halted in front of you, and two reptile like creatures stalked around you both. 'Do you know what these are, girl?' 'Ssi-Ruuk. Very violent. Very xenophobic. They already hate us.' 'Can you reason with them?' 'No. Their language is all clips and whistles. I can't understand it and I don't believe they know basic enough for us to leave unscathed.' What happened next was in quick succession. First, one Ssi-Ruuk had grabbed you and yanked you away from Kylo. Second, Kylo's lightsaber was out and near your head. Lastly, you were being hugged close to Kylo's chest as the two humanoids fell dead at his feet. 'One. Two. One. Two. Breathe, self.' A hand held you by the small of your back, tightly flushing you against the large torso in front of you. "Are you okay?" You nodded into Kylo's chest and sighed. He shivered. "Did the thing get you at all?" "Other than the cut in my neck, no where." The neck of your shawl was moved to the side and fingertips ghosted over the wound. "Now would be a good time to show me how your Jedi powers work, correct?" You stepped away from Kylo and the dead creatures. 'Deep breath.' You knelt and rested your fingers on your forehead. 'Feel the Force healing you. Feel yourself grow strong.' You were well aware of the slight purple glow around your body as you pulled any nearby force energy towards you and replenished your energy. After a few seconds, you stood again. "See?" You tilted your neck and allowed him to gaze at the scar where the cut had once been. He sighed. "That's amazing. How did you do that?" "Through light energy. Jedi powers are always defensive, and dark Jedi powers are always offensive. That's why when any dark force user loses the upper hand, it's harder for them to win. They don't use defensive techniques and it shows through saber styles too." "So, if a Sith were to lose to, say, an untrained force sensitive person because they used both enough to take the Sith down–" Your hand reached up, trailing over the scar in his face. His battle with the girl gave it to him and he only saw it as a symbol of failure. "The Sith is not a fault if he was only trained one way." They say that blue and green eyes are the most beautiful, however they have never seen brown look so full of emotion. Was this what emotional attraction felt like? It was consuming you and you knew better than to get attached. It enveloped you and you felt yourself drowning. Somewhere, in the distance, the sun was going down and twilight was rising. Somewhere, the sounds of the sand creatures stilled as the cold blooded ones burrowed in the sand for the night and the warm blooded ones continued to run about. Somewhere, the bustle of the junk rats closing their shops and returning to their families sounded. But here? Everything was quiet as lips brushed and only breathing could be heard. Here, you let go of fear and reminded yourself that you weren't a vulture anymore and had a real home now. Here, you stood, wrapped in Kylo's arms as his teeth pulled at your lip and your legs wrapped around his waist. Here? Well, this moment was yours. Chapter 12 : Casual Affair Summary: Kylo is a bit salty about your make out sess last night, and you walk to town to calm down. You find a new friend and decide to go back to the ship. A surprise awaits you Notes: THERE IS SMUT IN THIS CHAPTER. BEWARE. Well I suppose you're here for a reason but none the less there's some pet play and the use of the word daddy and some good ole fashioned degradation (͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ╮(╯▽╰)╭ ヘ(￣ω￣ヘ) e n j o y (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) In theory, you mused, this wasn't the worst idea you've ever had. You once decided to steal from a rancor pit because you saw a really pretty and really expensive outfit on a freshly dead girl that would have been amazing to sell. No one had to know about the corpse it was gotten off of or the huge gash in your stomach because of it. You once decided to mess with the inner workings of a pod so you could win a bet over a pod race. You had won, though, even if you almost died because of it. You once picked a fight with a much larger Frozarn on Mimban because you wanted to prove something. So, no, making out with Kylo Ren on the surface of Jakku wasn't your worst idea. But it certainly wasn't your greatest, either. Ever since Kylo woke up that morning (it probably didn't help that you two had a share a bed that wasn't made for someone of his size and that he had to spoon you into a ball so he could fit on the bed) he had been moody and brooding and general trash. It's not like you hadn't attempted to comfort him, but he brushed you off and told you he was perfectly fine. When you attempted a second time after breakfast, he explicitly said "I don't need coddling from you ." You were a patient person. You had to be with your job. You were a caring person. It helped for getting information out of people. You were an understanding person. You were a person used to having your feelings hurt. What you weren't , however, was dealing with this big barrel of sexual repression's precious feelings. So you had left your YT-1300 freighter and the moody man child in it. When you left, it had just been 3 and a half hours after sunrise, and it was well near midday now. Wherever you were, it was no where close to the trash can back at your ship. You were in the middle of a bunch of stores and entering a few that peaked your interest. " Munda dunka ! Welcome, friend! I have a wide selection of parts and repair kits. If you need anything, teekyla , just ask." "I was actually hoping to have a look under the table." The alien behind the counter raised his eyebrow bone. " Choy doe passa ?" " Stuka doe murishani ." The words were simple but effective. "What's the password?" and "See the bounty hunter." in Huttese was a popular way for hunters and mercenaries to see some shop owners less than legal wares. Huttese, in these galaxies far away from Tatooine, was a dead language. It was homage to the Hutts, who often helped, rescued, and recruited bounty hunters. The alien nodded. He switched the sign on his door from "open" to "closed". He walked behind his counter, and moved the fabric curtain. Behind it, a wall rested. He moved some panels around, and pulled out some different weapons, old parts, and data cards. "Anything you like?" "The data cards." "Ah, so you're a vulture." "I'm a bit of everything, but we'll say I have everything I need in the other departments as of now." "Fair enough." He glanced in the corner of the store, and back at you. "How do you feel about old droids?" "Why?" "I have an old droid that I need to get rid of. It's been collecting dust and you're the first in your line of work to come through here for awhile." "Who was the last?" "The person who dropped the droid off. I don't see many of you around here. May as well get rid of it while I can." "Let's see it." After the tarp was ripped off of the large box and the tape unsealed, you nearly had to bite your lip to keep from screaming. The monochromatic Astromech stood still, no sign of being alive at all. "It's old and busted but half price. 9,000 credits for the droid and cards." You stared at the alien and pushed inside his head. "Aren't you sure you can go any lower? The droid probably doesn't even work and the cards may be useless." The glazed over look in someone's eyes when they were under your kind trick was your absolute favorite look, ever. "It's probably broken. The cards may be useless." "That's right. So they're cluttering your shop." "They're cluttering my shop." "And you want to get rid of them." "I want to get rid of them." "And you're going to give them to me." "I'm going to give them to you." You smiled and thanked the man. You grabbed the data cards and attached a cable to the droids' head. You chucked 20 credits on the counter for the Hell of it, and left the shop. At this point, you had zero fucks for the whereabouts of your fellow commander. Probably off to destroy shit and mope. "Thing. Thing, I need help. Immediately. Get Tank." The little droid sped off and returned with the gonk atop his body. Tank moved off, and both stared at your cargo. "First off, load these. Then we get to this." Quickly the cards were loaded and Thing whirred around the R-2 unit that was now in your possession. You made work of the droid and had it on in about an hour and a half. It beeped at you. "Hi there. I'm not gonna hurt you, as you can see. This is Thing and Tank. Welcome to the family, doll." " Where is my master ?" "That I do not know. I just gotcha from some old dude in the inner city. Wanna tell me who you are?" " I want my master ." "I don't know where or who they are. Here, I'll leave you to talk to Thing and Tank if you want, because I am hungry and gotta shower." You strode off to the small kitchen and dig through the fridge and gathered some greens and mush. After eating, you walked to the bathroom. After using it, you turned the water on. Stripping and stepping under the stream was heaven . It felt so good to be clean. You washed your hair and body, shaved, and enjoyed the water for another minute before stepping out. "Self, you are a dumbass." In all fairness, you often forgot to bring a change of clothes with you. You wrapped a towel around yourself and padded your way to your room. "Okay. So. Underwear." You fished through your bag and grabbed a set of underwear. You dropped the towel and had slid on your bottoms when large footsteps halted behind you. "I, uh, see you found a droid." "Huh? Oh, yeah. Cute, isn't it?" ' Pay back time .' You grabbed your bra and sighed as you slipped the straps over your arms. "Clip it for me, please?" For a moment you weren't sure if he was going to or not until fingers ghosted across your sides and back. He was close to you and it was affecting you greatly. He was fucking humming and he smelled amazing. "Does it usually take you this long?" "I don't know. I've only ever had to rip them off." You were sure you were blushing. You had to have been. A final click and it was hooked. He trailed finger tips up your arms and under your straps. You had to remember how to breathe as he adjusted them. "There now, that didn't take too long, did it?" "I suppose not. So, tell me about your day after I left." It was nearly dark now. The walk to and from town had taken a good 3 hours per walk. Fixing the droid had taken some time. So had eating and showering. How did the day escape so fast? You dug through your bag some more and protruded a loose, large shirt. In all seriousness. Fuck pants. It was hot tonight. "I bought stuff and found raided the girl's hideout." "How'd it go?" You spun and sat down on the bed next to him. "I found nothing on the girl and thoroughly believe this mission is gonna be a bust." "I'm worried it will be. We have to find something at least. Anyway, what did you buy, Kylo?" "Casual clothes, like you said. I'm wearing them now." You looked him over. He was wearing loose dark blue pants and a loose white shirt. He even got a vest. "It looks good on you." "That looks good on you." You blushed and turned away. "That's cheating." "It's not cheating if it's true." His lips were on your neck and his arms were wrapped around your waist. He shifted so you were against him and in his lap. He nipped at your neck and drew mindless patterns on your thighs. "I should really get back to the droid, K-hy-lo." "Ssh, girl, it's acquainting with the others." His long fingers lifted your shirt up and settled in the waist band of your panties. "I'm sure your droids won't mind if you take a break from them, girl." "I have a name, you know." "But I have no interest in using it." "I feel like a dog when you call me girl." "But you're not a dog. You're a cat. A kitten, to be exact." Your face flushes and you tried to wriggle from his grasp. "I don't know what you're talking abo-" "I saw your collar. Hush yourself. You really think it would be hidden from me?" " You went through my ship ?!" You had not worn your collar in ages and tucked it away safely under the one of the floor panels. "More like the mouse droid kept rolling over that one specific area til I moved the panel. Besides, you told me to stay in your head and I felt your change in mood when you walked near where you hid it." He was now grinding you down into his hips and slipping his hands all around your panties. "Come on then, kitten , don't you want to be a good girl and put your collar on for me?" Whatever argument was forming in your head was abandoned as he slipped the leather around your neck. It felt so good to wear it. You felt so bare and owned and you loved it. "Purr for Daddy." His fingers entered you and you threw your head back. "That's a good girl. Come on. Up." You stood and he laid down on the bed, a foot away from the wall. "Have a seat." It was not you moving your feet. However, you found yourself throwing your leg over his head anyway. His hands pinned your hips before you could lower yourself. "May I add, brush up on your acting skills. Hux will be calling in a minute." " WHAT ?!" All he did was smirk and pull you down. Immediately his large nose started rubbing against you and you moaned. Two fingers entered you as he licked you through your panties. The screen above your bed clicked on. "Ah, Milady. I suppose Ren told you I would be calling. Where is he?" ' Between my thighs .' "In the shower." "He couldn't have waited til after this call to clean up?" ' Oh, he's only getting dirty .' "I guess he likes to get wet." A chuckle from below you nearly had you moaning. "I'm going to pretend you didn't say that. Anyway, how's the mission coming along?" ' I don't know about the mission but I'M coming along great .' "Ah. Well. No sign of anything related to the girl yet, but we're looking at some of her old trades tomorrow." "Excellent. Between us, has Ren done anything to purposely eat at you yet?" ' ARE THERE ALWAYS THIS MANY INNUENDOS IN YOUR DAILY VOCABULARY ?!' "Nope. We're a-hhll good!" He had moved your panties to the side and began to furiously lick at your clit in the middle of your sentence. "Milady? What was that?" "Oh, uh, Thing ran over my foot by accident. Nothing big." "Alright. Well, allow me to update you on how it's going here." And so began Hux droning on as you did your damnedest to keep a straight face with a tongue inside you. Kylo was working his fingers against your g spot and moving from licking you inside to stimulating your clit. At one point, he stilled and rocked you back and forth against his mouth. "Milady? Are you alright? You look like something is biting at you." ' Other than your boss? Oh, nothing .' "Oh, nothing. Just a bit tired." "I'll leave you to sleep then." ' With Ren .' "Thank you, General. Tell the captain I wish you two good night." "I will." The second the screen shut off you moved down and pinned Kylo's arms to the bed. "Are you insane? What would have happened if Hux found out?" "I've caught him in some interesting positions before. Don't worry and listen to your master." Without warning, you were flipped over, and when had Kylo shoved his pants down? You felt his cock rub against you as his teeth nipped at your neck. "Such a dirty little thing. You let me tongue fuck you with him on the screen. You'd let me fuck you with him in the room. You're such a little whore. And whores get fucked." Each sentence was accentuated with a thrust. His hand went between you two and adjusted himself so he was at your entrance. "But you don't deserve it." Only his tip entered and left repeatedly. It was so good and you were almost there, but it just wasn't enough . You reached down and began to rub yourself as his mouth met yours and he kept shallowly thrusting. He thrust a bit harder so that he was just hitting your g spot and– "Cum for me, kitten." And that was it. You moaned as he mad work of his dick in you and replaced your fingers with his own. He became erratic and fast. Soon enough, he pulled out and shot cum on your thighs. "Good girl. Clean up your mess." You sat up and moved forward so his cock was in your face. Even going soft it was still big. You opened your mouth and allowed him to place himself on your tongue. You licked him clean and pulled back. "Perfect." You blushed and stood, legs wobbling. You hobbled your way to the bathroom to pee. You used a wet rag to wipe away all of Kylo's come, and sighed. At least you knew how to handle sex. You didn't know how you were going to handle your growing feelings for the commander. This was not okay. You had to clear your head. And what better way than to launch yourself into droid work? Notes: Also may I note when I hit the smut part the song "Pony" by Ginuwine came on and I took it as a sign from the gods that it was my place in like to write Kylo Ren self insert ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° smut fics Chapter 13 : You Need A Teacher Summary: You fix the droid and come to learn that Kylo has no clue what you're capable of. You show him, and your dark past is revealed. Notes: READ THE END NOTE BC I HAVE T R I V I A IN THERE （〜^∇^)〜 (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Mindless droid work. The Astromech had grown comfortable around Tank and Thing and was finally willing to let you approach it. "Well now. Wanna tell me your name?" " I have no name. I am an R2-Q4 unit. " "That may be, but you're a person to us. This is Thing. This is Tank. They have names." " Really? " "Really. They're my boys." " Then I'm your girl. " "You're a girl?" " Technically, I'm programmed with no gender, however my master had said that I was a lady and to be respected. " "Then that's what we're going with. Hm. I'm gonna call you Lumiya." " Lumiya. " "Mmhmm. Lumiya. Tank, Thing, Lumiya. What do you think?" " I like it. " "Now. You're some old school tech. Let's get ya cleaned up and updated." Lumiya proved useful and extremely intelligent. You were near ecstatic to find an R2 unit. Most astrodroids today were BB or D4 units. But an R2 unit. You only knew immediately of one other one, and it was in possession of the Resistance. "R2-D2." You turned to find Kylo, dressed in nothing but the same loose pants. It was early morning now, roughly an hour before sunrise. You had woken up a bit ago, put on shorts, and sat on top of your ship. "The droid you're thinking of is R2-D2." "Am I, now?" Kylo sat down beside you and sighed. "You've met him before. With Luke. You met 3p-O too." "I remember. He's the reason I know so many languages, you know." "I know. You always were more attentive when Skywalker was away." "What can I say? He was weak and had too much hope for the kids he looked down upon so much. He gets it from his father, you know." "Darth Vader-" "Darth Vader died. In the end, a Skywalker prevailed. Vader ended up being weak. You're stronger than him, you know." Soft anger and disbelief radiated from him. "You shouldn't speak of my grandfather that way." "Why not? Your Supreme Leader, I'm sure, has spoke ill of my grandmother." "What makes you say that?" "He only sees power in success. You get success through power, not the other way around." Kylo blinked a few times, then leaned back and huffed. "That's how it's supposed to be." "No," you said, leaning back, "it's not. Success is not power, and power is not success. You can only earn success through power." "Then where do you get power?" Kylo quipped. "Emotion. Energy. The Force." Silence. For a solid five minutes, silence. You laid back before Kylo spoke. "Who's your grandmother?" "Darth Cognus." It was nearly boyish how he flipped on his side to look at you. "You have Cognus in your blood? And you use it to scavenge?!" You rolled to your side, too, and let a breathy laugh escape you. "I don't seek control or domination. I seek to be one with the Force." "You can't learn everything." "But I can learn what she knew. I can learn what both her masters knew. I can learn what Plagus knew. I may not be able to learn what everyone knew, but I can try." "Show me." He sat up, grabbing your hand and pulling you with him. He moved to his knees and looked you deep in the eyes. "Show me. Please? I want to learn. I want to know. If I knew, I could– we could overthrow Snoke. We could rule, together." You sighed, and overlapped your hand on his. They were larger and rougher, but still powerful. "Kylo. I don't necessarily want to rule. The power would go to my head. You do know what I'm capable of, right?" You could feel his conflict. He wanted to rule but knew he'd fail alone. He wanted you to rule, but wanted everything for himself. He wanted you power but didn't want to take it. "I could steal power from people. I can cut the force off from beings. I can command a being easily. I don't want to do that," you said. He seemed so torn but perfectly understanding. " Show me ." You stood, reaching for his hand. He accepted and allowed you to pull him up. "Then follow me. We do this instead of our mission. Are you ready to defy your Supreme Leader?" Worry. Fear. Curiosity. Your hands encased his head and pulled him down. You kissed him deeply, projecting ' trust me ' while you did. "Yes." "Training starts now." Using the force itself, you pushed off of the ship and force jumped backwards, landing on the soft sand. He followed immediately. "How high can you jump, exactly, girl?" With a breath and a pulling of energy, you leaped. 1, 2, 7 feet in the air before you landed back down. "Give me your hand." His hand stuck out and took a deep breath. "I'm gonna show you something my grandmother taught me before she died." Whatever it felt like to have Kylo enter someone's head, your greatest power was a thousand times worse. Kylo's gasps filled the air. He dropped to his knees and sobbed. "S-stop!" You let go of his energy, allowing the Force to reenter him. Tears spilled from his eyes, breath heaving. "What was– what was that?" "I cut off your force." For the time since you pulled that trick on someone, it wasn't fear you were looked on with. It was hunger. Hunger for power. Hunger for you . "It was you," were his only words. Your eyebrows shot up. "You. You were the one who killed the Twi'lek girl." Fear gripped you. You didn't mean to! "It was an accident," you squeaked. The poor girl. She didn't deserve it. Not at all. "She angered you and you cut off her one of her leku." "Her left headtail." Your voice was a whisper. "But you never touched it. You didn't have to. You had her do it herself." The memory was so clear in your head. ["That's stupid. You're dumb!" "How am I the dumb one? You're the one who pushed Alena off the roof!" The green alien was pissing you off. She had shoved a girl off the top of the temple because a boy said she Alena was prettier than the girl who was now staring over the side of the stair case in disdain. "Who cares? She's fine. Just uglier now." Everyone arrived at the bottom of the stairs and immediately went to the side of Alena. She was writhing in pain. One of the students more atuned to healing knelt, pushing energy into her. The Twi'lek stared down at the crying girl and laughed. Blind rage was what pushed you into the girl's head. Without realizing, you were in the Twi'lek's head, saw through her eyes. She had no control. No control when her arm grabbed her lightsaber. No control when her other arm grabbed the left leku. No control when she sliced it off. Screaming. Blood. You pulled from her head and took her force powers with it. She caved in on herself and choked as Leia, Luke, and Ben arrived. Your master was having a meeting with his sister and nephew when he felt a strong pull of the force. "What happened?" Leia asked. You were the first to speak. You were the only to speak. "Korren shoved Alena from the temple's roof, freaked out, cut her head tail, and most likely died from shock." Leia's arms circled you. Her sobs tore through the air as she uses you for leverage. Ben nodded to you, then to the dead girl.] "She deserved it, you know. Alena didn't." "I didn't mean to do it, Kylo." "I know. But it felt good didn't it? The power. Control. You avenged Alena. Probably saved her. The Force energy was used to heal her." ' Did it feel good? I remember feeling so full. Like I owned the world. I sparred Skywalker that night. I won. Did I make him lose too? Was that me? ' Maybe it was his small influence. Maybe it was you remembering the power. Maybe it was Kylo's lust and pride filled eyes. Whatever it was, it washed over you. Filled you. Filled him. You two needed to stop doing stuff outside. As a Jedi once said: "It's course. Itchy. Gets everywhere." Notes: FYI: Lumiya was a powerful female sith and the one who molded Jacen Solo {"Ben Solo/Kylo Ren" (I am still pissed they didn't just leave him Jacen ヽ（´ー｀）┌) however he is my emo trash baby} and nearly killed Luke twice. Spoiler: he was saved by his girlfriend Mara once and Leia once. Also: Darth Cognus was an extremely powerful dark Jedi who could cut people's connection to the force. She was a trained assassin and had a contract against Bane, used her trick, then decided to train under him instead. After his death, she trained u der Zannah. Chapter 14 : To Be Choked "By the force, I am going to kill myself!" Whatever had somehow gotten into your freighter at night, your thermal exhaust was trashed . It was most likely some cold blooded animal had stowed away in the warmth of your thermal conductivity shaft, but when it left it had destroyed the exhaust. This was going to cost at least 10,000 credits to fix- not that you didn't have it, but you didn't want to pay for it, dammit. "Tank! TANK!" The fat droid slowly made his way over to you, gonking. "Tank. I don't know what to do. It's trashed and I have no clue how far up the damage is. I can't see. Go see if Lumiya can connect to Queen of the Stars and find out where the damage extends." "Who is Queen of the Stars?" You turned and saw Kylo in all his glory, tapping his foot on the sediment. He narrowed his eyes, glanced between you, the ship, back to you, and widened his eyes. "Please do not tell me that you named this flying dumpster Queen of the Stars ." You nearly chucked the money wrench you were holding at his dumb head, but instead used the force to hit him with a rock. "I will leave you here and return to the Finalizer myself if you don't be nice to Queenie." "I would like to see you try." "Pffttt. I will. However I'll consider letting you sleep inside tonight if you find a thermal exhaust just laying about somewhere." "Stubborn girl, can't you just take it to a shop? There are tons." You did chuck the wrench this time, but he of course dodged. "Fuck that. They'd break her more! I know what the problem is and I know how to fix it, I just don't have the part!" "Why are you so hard headed? Just take it to a mechani- " " I'll take you to a damn mechanic if you keep it up, Ren. " He muttered your name and huffed off. " Master! Lumiya says the end of the port needs replaced. You need a whole new exiter ." Not as bad as you thought, but still a problem. Were there even any exiters to be found. This left you with one option: call Max. "Hiya, short stack." You glared up at the tall man in front of you. Max Mill was one of the few people you trusted that you met through work, and he was a good friend, despite picking on your stunted growth. "Max, be nice. Anyway, exhaust is broke up to the separator. I need a new tail end." "I figured as much. We can piece together someth-" He was cut short as the ramp flew open, a pissy looking Kylo brooding his way over. "Ah, Ani , how nice of you to join us! Max, this is my boyfriend, Ani. Ani," you couldn't stress the fake name enough, "meet Max Mill." 'Kylo, he knows me by my actual name, so don't call me Amidala or he's gonna get confused and will pry.' "Ani. What a nice name. How'd you meet Shorty, here?" 'Say we met on Naboo. I haven't spoken to him since a few months before Naboo.' "Naboo." "Hmm. I'm a bit surprised, Shorty, you don't usually form attachments." "A-ha, well," you did your best to laugh, "I just couldn't keep my eyes off this one." You slid your arm around Kylo's waist, and he took the hint, sliding his around your shoulder. "Anyway, c'mon, let's gather some bits and make you a tail." Was Kylo even aware his face projected more than his thoughts? He had such an angry look the whole time you worked with Max. During construction, welding, and even installment, Kylo looked pissed off. It wasn't much different than usual, but damn. "You've been glaring at the wall for the past hour now. Quick pretending to read that holopad and tell me what's wrong." "I don't need you as my therapist." "Pshh. Whatever. I'll just take it." You pushed and pulled, entering his mind and demanding to know what was wrong. When you discovered it, however, all you could do was laugh. "You're jealous of Max ?" He frowned and crossed his arms. "Insolent brat." In a second, his fist was around your throat and you were being held into the bed. "You tease me all day, bending over and making noises, yet you touch him." His hand closed tighter and the other found its way in your pants, pushing in you. "Yet now you're wet for me. Little slut." He bit your neck, roughly. His hips ground into you as he roughly fingered your clit, rubbing vigorous circles on it. "Tell me, pet, how long before I can get you to scream, hmm?" With little effort, Kylo rolled on top of you. As he bit your neck, he made your of your pants, removing them and your shirt. He toyed with your undershirt as he licked stripes along your jawline. "You'd make such a good slut if you behaved nicer to me." "I'm only nice if you're nice." "Too bad. Bad girls get punished." "Well you know, Daddy's belt can only get better with age." He stilled for a moment before throwing his hand out, belt flying in it. He flipped you over so you were bent on his knee, belt grazing your bare ass. "And Daddy is gonna punish you." You yelped as soon as the belt smacked your ass. He rubbed over the spot he his, squeezing. "How many to you think you deserve, hm?" "Kylo, I swear to-" A particularly hard smack that had tears in your eyes and he spoke again. "How many do you deserve, slut?" "A-as many as you want to give me, Daddy." "Good girl." 10 in succession, and 10 regular smacks with his large hand. "There now. That wasn't so hard, was it? Are you gonna behave?" Nod. "Yes Daddy." He smirked. "Since you were so good, I'll reward you. Lie back, and take your shirt off." You listened and were soon spread eagle in your underwear. "Good girl. So pretty for me." He sat on his knees and pulled your legs down, resting the backs of your knees on his shoulders. He licked you once, twice through your panties. "Daddy, please? I can't take it." He hummed, and moved the cloth to the side. He attacked your pussy, shoving his tongue inside you roughly as he dug his nails into your hips. "You taste so good. I almost don't want to stop." He flattened his tongue against your clit and let yoy rut against his face, crying out. "Daddy!" A small, clitoral orgasm hit, and he slid up after you came. He crawled over you, pulling his pants down as he did. "Are you gonna take Daddy's cock like a good girl?" "Uh huh." He grunted as he slid in. Your nails dug into his back as he thrusted harshly. "So tight for Daddy. You feel so fucking good." His hand wrapped around your throat again as he lifted his weight on his hands, fucking you harder. "Fuck me daddy." He pounded harder, sure to bruise by morning. He squeezed your throat hard as his thrusts became sloppy, invisible fingers touching your clit, rubbing your g-spot, toying with your sides. "Daddy!" You cried as you came, him doing the same. He stilled inside you, cum spurting and slipping down your thighs as he pulled out. "I need a shower. Care to join?" You couldn't do much else but nod, letting him lift you to the bathroom. As your legs regained feeling, he started the shower. While he was turned, you peed to rid yourself of any potential infections. "Come on, girl." You stepped in the shower with him, letting the water hit you. As you two showered, lazy kisses were shared. It was nice, the two of you. When you were done, you climbed into bed behind him, being big spoon as he kissed the hand that was laying across his shoulder. You could end every night like this. Chapter 15 : Date Night "Tell me, Kylo, how do you and your army stand to eat this space garbage?" He cocked a single eyebrow (and you made a note to tweeze a few stray hairs while he slept) and rested his chin in his hands. " I don't. Neither does the General, nor Phasma. The army, however, knows no different. I'm a little surprised you demanded the kitchens make this." "I just asked if they could make food. I didn't expect a nine course meal. I'm glad this isn't what I have to eat, though." "If you know how to cook, that is." Bewildered, you stared at him. "Our cooks are good at efficency , not delectability. So unless you can cook, this is what you'll eat. You can cook, can't you?" You knew damn well what your face looked like then. Your eyes were lidded and a small resting bitch face played through. "Nope. Can't cook at all. I totally haven't lived by myself since I left the Academy." "No need for the sass." "No need for the stupid. Anyway, this is kinda disgusting and I don't wanna eat it anymore." "Well what do you propose we do?" "Go undercover." He blinked at you and before he could call you stupid, you had Lumiya bring your duffel to you. "It'll be perfect, Ren. We can go eat at some place and ask about the scavenger girl. Plus, I want wine." "Wine," he stated. "Wine," you repeated, "is delicious and something I have not had in a long time." "Why not?" You half laughed as you carefully picked through your clothes, hoping to find something for you or him. "Because that's something you do on dates and most freehand sellers don't sell decent wine, if they sell it at all." "So what have you had recently?" "Liquor and a quick fuck, if you must know. Aha! Here, wear this." You threw the garment at him, which he immediately slipped on. It was a light shirt, decorated at the ends of sleeves and at the collar with dark gems. It hugged his figure and made you swallow in anticipation for what it would look like after half a bottle of decent muddle. "Are you gonna stand there and drool or put your dress on, Amidala?" You rolled your eyes and slipped a flowy half gown over your underclothes. With a quick hand, you secured your hair into place and smiled at Kylo. "Early dinner and wine tasting?" "I'm gonna need pants, but sure." After the food was eaten and you had 4 glasses of vineyard goodness, you and Kylo made your way through the maze of shops and stands, all the way back to your ship. You giggled the whole way because the Solo Sass runs strong in Kylo, but so does the humor. He told jokes the entire way, some at which even he chuckled at. You stumbled as you found your bed, all three of your droids beeping at you worriedly. "'M fine, guys. Just a glass too much. 'M okay though. I promise. Go into sleep mode because I'm am too." Kylo shook his head and slipped the fancy shirt off his body, motioning for you to do the same to your dress. After it was removed, you leaned back on your bed, sighing. "Tonight was nice. I liked t'night. Did you?" He said nothing and he settled between your legs, sliding your panties off. He kissed your thighs and licked at your baby hairs that rested in the crook of your thigh and vagina. "Mmm. That feels nice. But I'm too tired to lay here. I'd probably fall asleep." He stood, pulling you to the edge of the bed. He laid down and motioned for you to meet his face. You laid on top of him and kissed his neck and he shucked his pants. "Turn around, kitten." You swung your legs over his head, leaning down to mouth at his cock. He throbbed in your mouth as his tongue slid inside you. Your legs shook as he assulted your pussy, nipping at your clit as his hands held you in place. Even as you came, shuttering, he held you still for another minute. "K-Kylo. Let me go. C'mon." He let go and flipped you both. As he pinned your hands above your head, he positioned himself to enter you. He shallowly thrusted til you accepted him fully. He nipped at your neck and kissed your lips, cheeks, and eyelids til his head dropped against your shoulder. You felt phantom hands at your clit and breasts, pulling you to another climax. It barely took a minute, as you softly moaned his name into his ear, him doing the same to you. After he rolled off, he kissed your forehead, pulling you close and tossing the blanket over the both of you. "Good night, kitten."