Good Work It was the fact that he was aware of what lay concealed under that helmet that so infuriated him. General Hux had before seen the face of Kylo Ren. Such uncontrolled expressions that bespoke of poor self-control. And yet Supreme Leader praised the boy. At twenty-nine years old, Kylo Ren—in General Hux’s opinion—was simply that: a boy . Others saw him a creature, something to be feared. On some level, the redhead did house a minute amount of fear of the Force user. Yet it was just that—he feared the Force , especially when it was wielded by an unruly whelp like the darkly robed man sitting across from him in the Command Shuttle. The insufferable Master of the Knights of Ren appeared to be rather relaxed despite the poor outcome of their recent mission. A political affair, one that had ended in Ren stopping blaster fire before it could strike down General Hux and then killing those who had chosen to betray the First Order. General Hux felt little gratitude towards the Force user; Snoke had commanded that his apprentice protect the general, and thus the actions were to be expected. In the absence of gratitude, General Hux instead felt a growing contempt. He could sense it, the amusement Kylo Ren was brought in the wake of Hux’s failure. A minor hitch in his plans when it came to the big picture; yet Ren was often too blinded by his own personal interests to see the bigger picture. The moment they arrived onboard the Finalizer , General Hux stood with the intentions to leave behind the annoyance that was Kylo Ren. He instead walked shoulder to shoulder with the other, whose robes brushed and rustled against Hux’s uniform. That he would have to report his failure to Supreme Leader Snoke was frustrating enough. Kylo Ren seemed to take pleasure in watching it all unfold. The general of the First Order found it to be somewhat consoling that Snoke was capable of seeing the larger picture. He brushed off the politician’s death as an inevitability whilst questioning Hux on how the general planned to proceed. Having rehearsed his response in his mind during the return trip, he quickly rattled off the outline. Kylo Ren stared up at Supreme Leader Snoke the entire time General was speaking, however the redhead was not fooled. The Force user did not always use his eyes to watch. A muscle in Hux’s jaw twitched, and he then gnashed his teeth as the hologram of Snoke faded away. Ren had slowly turned his head, staring at him from behind that mask. General Hux lifted his chin as he turned on his heel and started to walk away as though he was not perturbed in the least. Unsurprisingly, the robed man followed after him—much like a dog, Hux thought. “If you are expecting gratitude, Ren, you will be kept waiting,” General Hux drawled when, nearly two minutes later, the other had still not left. There was a hesitation in Kylo Ren’s next step that caused the redhead’s lips to twitch as the urge to smirk arose. “Perhaps your life means so little,” rumbled out the modulated voice that was filtered through Ren’s vocoder. General Hux scoffed then released a strangled noise. He was ultimately unable to bite back his response, which he believed to be quite appropriate. “I will not praise a dog for rolling over and exposing its belly , Ren. You did what was expected of you. I would have been, perhaps, impressed had you been of any use outside of your standard skills. Aiding in preventing such actions from occurring to begin with.” He could feel Kylo Ren bristling with anger beside him. Or perhaps it was frustration. The redhead paused in his steps only when Kylo Ren picked up his pace and stepped before him, turning so that they were facing one another. Hux pressed his lips together to keep from reacting; normally he was the one who was forced to complete such a series of motions in order to address the Knight. “Or perhaps you should have been more capable. Failing to do what was expected of you . Your useless actions—“ He did not doubt that Ren spoke beyond those words, and yet his mind seemed to stop. General Hux stared blankly ahead, the word useless running on repeat in his head. The glaze that clouded his eyes lifted when Kylo Ren stepped back around him. Hux remained standing perfectly still. He raised his eyes so that rather than staring at the ground he was watching the hallway, which was emptied of any other personnel. Kylo Ren was standing behind him; the redhead could feel the other man’s presence. Since when was Ren a man? Even the gloved hand that cupped the side of his ass was not sure like a man’s. General Hux stiffened at the contact all the same, inhaling deeply through his nose. The unsure manner in which Kylo Ren was pawing at his posterior was not unpleasant. If anything, it reminded him of his youth, of his time in the Academy. He closed his eyes, dipped his chin, and allowed the man behind him to explore. As though encouraged by his passivity, Kylo Ren took a step closer to General Hux. Even through the layers of clothing, Hux could feel the bulge in Ren’s pants against his ass. His lips parted at the sensation. It was solely because Hux had once observed the Force user training that he had never believed him to be gangly despite his height. And now the feel of his hardening cock, which was in proportion to the rest of him, had him realizing the assessment would have been in poor taste had he ever deigned to entertain it. Kylo Ren, though on occasion awkward, moved with a certain sense of purpose. A forcefulness, which was shown in the way that second leather hand landed on his body. His hips seized up, General Hux allowed himself to be brought backwards a step so that his ass was pressed more tightly to Ren’s front. He could hear the sharp breathing coming from the mask, and it nearly sounded like static in certain respects. The cool metal met the back of his neck, Kylo practically nuzzling him the very first time he snapped his hips forward to rock against him. General Hux scanned the area ahead of himself. No officers, technicians, or stormtroopers still—and yet that would change, of that he was entirely certain. “You have no more control over yourself than a touch-starved adolescent,” he drawled out, turning in Ren’s hands so that they were facing one another again. His eyes were on the visor, meeting the man’s gaze though he could not see those brown orbs. Kylo Ren lowered his hands so that they were no longer touching. It was then that General Hux felt a sort of nudge, a pressure, on his hip that urged him to turn around and start walking. He silently cursed the Force, yet all the same he complied. The high-ranking officer of the First Order allowed Ren to shepherd him. Upon entering the Knight’s living quarters, General Hux could hardly say he was surprised by the sight of Darth Vader’s helmet. He ignored it, however, and looked to the bed. Immaculate, as though the man behind him had never slept in it. For a moment, Hux entertained the notion of Ren sleeping curled up on the floor. “Take off your helmet,” General Hux said when the Force user ventured to trace a hand along his hip. Kylo Ren did not immediately oblige, opting to trail his hand from Hux’s hip to his ass, groping, nearly massaging. The redhead felt a stirring in his loins when he realized that Ren’s awkward movements were in no way due to inexperience. He was aiming to please Hux, seeking praise . To General Hux, Kylo Ren was acting in accordance with his current level of lust. There was nothing to praise. It was when that leather-clad limb left him and he could hear the telltale hissing of air that indicated the removal of the helmet that had Hux turning to regard Ren with something other than his usual contempt. He allowed a smirk to cross his features, his eyes roaming the younger man’s face. “Following an order without a witty retort,” General Hux began—he could see the way Kylo Ren almost flinched, his eyebrows drawing together and mouth twitching—“Good job.” The man’s pupils dilated, his posture straightening at the praise. Kylo’s eyes were on his lips. Noticing this, Hux lowered his gaze to the other’s mouth. He ran his tongue along his lips and watched the way Kylo Ren’s jaw nearly dropped. He could not help but imagine what those lips would look like around his cock. General Hux brought his arms behind his back, clasping one hand in the other. He spread his legs a little so that his stance was more in line with a posture he often used while giving speeches. Kylo Ren stepped forward, his mouth pressed against Hux’s. The redhead hardly responded, though he did encourage the behavior by puckering up then opening his mouth and allowing Ren’s tongue to dart inside. The dark haired man kissed lower, on Hux’s chin. His neck. Teeth nipping at his clothed collarbone. Lower and lower as the man sank to his knees. Those brown orbs were directed upwards, watching General Hux observing him. Kylo Ren mouthed the general’s cock through his pants. He could feel blood rushing towards his dick. Could feel his cock twitching to life. “Go on, Ren,” he said, an order though spoken softly, encouragingly. Kylo Ren opened the front of his pants, his tongue running along the material of the general’s boxers. Impatient, the Knight wasted little time with this teasing and withdrew the redhead’s cock. He began jerking the man. General Hux locked his knees to stop himself from thrusting forward, from bucking up into the touch. He grunted, however, when that wet, hot tongue traced along his slit before Ren engulfed him. “Mm… Such talent,” Hux hissed without a trace of mocking when his cock hit the back of Kylo’s throat and the Knight did not gag. Ren was eagerly bobbing his head. General Hux found that he could hardly keep his hands behind his back, one flying to the back of Ren’s head, urging him to continue; while the other he set on Kylo’s shoulder to help keep his balance as the dark haired man slipped a finger between his ass cheeks, prodding teasingly though not penetrating him. He rubbed circles around Hux’s rim, and the redhead found it increasingly difficult to breathe. Hux stared down at Ren’s plump lips around his cock, despising the moment the Knight drew backwards—the redhead’s grip on the back of the Force user’s head did nothing to prevent this. With the hand that was not groping Hux’s ass, Kylo stroked the general’s cock, lapping at the head and smirking up at the man. Kylo Ren’s expression promised much; and General Hux was growing more eager with every passing second. “Good boy,” he murmured, and the dark-haired man shuddered. General Hux broke away from Ren, walking over to the bed. “Do you have—“ “Yes,” Kylo said, his voice a little hoarse given his previous activities. He moved over to his bedside table, opened the drawer, and removed a bottle of lube. General Hux nodded his approval before starting to strip. He folded each article of clothing, setting it neatly on the piece of furniture from which Ren had procured the bottle. Once naked, he climbed onto the bed, lying on his stomach with his arms crossed atop Ren’s pillow. The Force user placed the bottle onto the bedside table long enough to strip. He then straddled Hux’s thighs, uncapping the bottle and pouring lubricant into his hand. General Hux closed his eyes as Ren started to prepare him. The finger worming its way into him was doing wonders to help diminish the agitation and sense of disappointment he had been holding onto since the morning’s failure. A second finger slipped into him, and he sighed at the way Kylo stroked him. “Don’t dawdle, Ren,” he said all the same, wanting to feel the man pounding into him with no restraint. It was how Hux had always imagined sex would be like with Ren—and imagine he had, though he was often loath to admit to it. Kylo withdrew his fingers long enough to lather them with more lube. A third finger joined the first two, and Hux began to rock back into the thrusting digits. He groaned at the feel of Ren stretching him, swore when he could hear Kylo slicking up his cock with even more lube. He looked over his shoulder to watch as Kylo Ren seized hold of his cock in one hand, cupping Hux’s ass with the other and using his thumb to spread the mans’ cheeks. General Hux set one of his hands on the other side, opening himself up further. Kylo prodded his entrance with the head of his cock, teasing until Hux grit his teeth and pressed backwards. It was then that the younger man pushed up into Hux, sliding inch by inch into him. “Kriff,” Hux said breathlessly, grasping at the plush of the pillow underneath him as he was filled completely. Kylo Ren groaned, though he paused as though unsure if— “Mm. Maker, Ren.” At the sound of such praise, the other was encouraged to begin moving. Ren rolled his hips again, his hands running up and down Hux’s sides, as though worshipping the body underneath his own. Hux reveled in the attention, in the adoration, in the fact that the powerful man inside of him was so desperate for his approval. Perhaps Ren had noticed that things would not be running smoothly that morning. Perhaps he had been so eager to be praised for saving Hux’s life. General Hux felt his cock throbbing at the thought of it, and he raised himself onto his knees. Kylo Ren kissed the back of his neck, his tongue swirling circles on his flesh as they both reached for the redhead’s cock. At the new angle, Ren was able to stroke Hux’s prostate, which had the man throwing his head back, allowing it to rest on Kylo’s shoulder. Kylo turned to the side, his mouth claiming the smaller man’s. Breaking away from the kiss, General Hux pushed at Ren. The man obliged, pulling away and obeying without question when Hux gestured for him to lie down. The redhead straddled the Knight, gripping the man’s cock and impaling himself. He stared down at those approval-seeking eyes the entire time. “Good boy,” he said heavily, riding the man with vigor. The sight of Kylo Ren biting his bottom lip was worth the death of a replicable politician, Hux decided. “Hmm…mmm…good work, Ren.” Kylo arched up off the bed, his hands gripping General Hux tightly enough that the redhead knew he would have finger-shaped bruises on him. He could not have cared less; it felt amazing having the man cumming inside him. Namely when he knew it was because of his words, the realization that he had such power over the younger male. General Hux dropped his hand to his cock, starting to pump himself as Ren rode out his orgasm. The brown-eyed man panted whilst regaining control over himself. His hand wrapped around Hux’s, both of them working the other until the general ejaculated on Ren’s stomach and chest. “Good work,” Hux murmured at the sight of Ren eagerly scooping up his cum without needing to be ordered to do so then shoving his fingers into his mouth. Their eyes locked, and General Hux nodded as he said, “That was a good job, Ren.” “General…” A whisper. His cheeks tinged pink. General Hux dragged the tips of his fingers up the length of Kylo’s chest to his lips, which puckered in a kiss then parted so that the digits could dip inside. He eagerly sucked the fingers, which Hux was thrusting in and out at a leisurely pace. “You wanted my attention, Ren…” The Knight blinked in mock innocence. Rather than feel anger, there was a stirring inside General Hux. That thirst for power. “Good work,” he said again, and once more Kylo Ren basked in the praise.