Chapter 1 His eyes gaze deeply into hers as he slowly leans in to kiss her. Why does he want to do that? What will he gain? Is it just to torment her further? These thoughts are shoved to the back of her mind as his lips meet hers. She closes her eyes, and allows the tears she was holding back, to slide down her face. Why her? What does he want her for? He pulls away and for a beat he stares down her. It is near impossible to discern his thoughts, and emotions, but she knows from experience what he wants. She wants to fight, but then acquiesces to him as he pushes her to the floor. As much as she hates it, she doesn’t fight him. She allows herself to be pushed onto her knees, and she doesn’t fight him as he roughly shoves his dick into her mouth. She knows what to do. With her eyes closed she begins to work. Bobbing her head up and down his shaft, and swirling her tongue around it. Honestly she doesn’t want to have to think about what is happening, but he has other ideas. Above her she hears a low growl, and feels a sharp tug on her hair. He wants her to look at him while she sucks him off. She knows better than to make him angry. He chokes her by pushing himself in to the hilt. Her eyes snap open and look up at him. The look in his eyes is predatory. He looks like a animal that has just cornered his prey, and is ready to pounce at the first sign of weakness. She feels frozen in fear, more tears flow down her cheeks. He begins to move her head to with his hands, and soon she feels him close to orgasm. Her tears continue flow freely, and he doesn’t even break eye contact with her the entire time, she can’t look away. He pushes himself in all the way again, and cums. She does her best to swallow all of it, but some leaks out the corners of her mouth. There is a long moment as he stands there, clutched by the claws of ecstasy, then pulling her off of his now soft member. She falls back on the floor and curls up into a ball, still crying. He fixes his clothes, replaces his helmet, and strides out of the room, doors closing behind him. Small pathetic sobs escape her body. She aware that he will not return until later tonight. After what feels like an eternity of quiet sobbing, she falls asleep. Chapter 2 : chapter 2 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) She wakes to feel a pair of gloved hands picking her up. She can’t seem to open her eyes, but that’s ok with her for now. The person is carrying her gently, with one arm under her back, and the other holding the backs of her knees. Something about the texture of the person’s clothes feels familiar. The fabric feels ruffled, sturdy, and is rough against her skin. It hurts her head to think, but for some reason alarms sound in her head. Then it hits her like a ton of bricks. Kylo Ren is the one carrying her. All signs of previous sleepiness disappears, and she tenses up. She hears a deep distorted chuckle come from above her. “I’m not going to hurt you,” he reassures her? It is hard to tell with the mask altering his voice. He is carrying her to some unknown location. She wants to ask where they are going, but a memory of punishment for speaking without permission stops her. Despite her worry, it seems like he is in a good mood, and he answers her unasked question. “My quarters.” At first she is excited to leave the cold, empty room with only a small refresher, but then she realizes this might mean more of her time will be spent with Ren. More chances for her to mess up, and more chances for punishment. He pauses, a door opens, and a few seconds later she is placed onto a set of soft sheets. Finally, she can open her eyes, and looks up to see him staring down at her. It takes a moment for her to bring herself to look away. Her eyes widen as she takes in the room around her. The walls are the same as the room she was in before, but lining one of the walls has floor to ceiling shelves filled completely with books. The wall to the right has a door, most likely leading to the refresher. And finally the bed she is sitting on is soft, with dark grey sheets, it large enough to fit three people with room to spare. She looks back at him. His arms are folded across his chest, and he is studying her behind his mask. She wants to ask questions, and he inclines his head slightly. “Why did you bring me here?” She asks. “Convenience.” He replies after a short pause. “Where will I sleep?” She is genuinely curious at what his response will be. “My bed.” He answers. She debates weather asking her last question will get her in trouble. She wants to read some of the books, but decides against asking. He answers her question anyway, “No.” She isn’t too disappointed by this, just because he is in an abnormally good mood doesn’t mean he is going to give her everything she wants. In fact this is the first time he has ever really spoken to her. Not yelling, questioning, or ordering her around, just have a conversation of sorts with her. It made her wonder what has him in such a good mood. He answers her thoughts again, “We have most of the New Republic, and The Resistance cornered in a small system. Soon they will be eradicated from the galaxy. Then the First Order, and the Supreme Leader will be in their rightful place within the galaxy, ruling it.” She couldn’t help the involuntary shiver that goes up her spine. He either doesn’t notice or doesn’t care, because he doesn’t comment on it. He turns and begins stride out of the room, but pauses in the doorway, “Use the refresher, and wait for me on the bed.” With that he leaves her alone in the room. A tear rolls down her cheek. The Resistance isn’t coming for her, not while the First Order has them trapped. She is never going to be rescued, and the rest of her life, or how ever long she is useful to Ren, she will be in the care of the First Order. She decides it is best to do what he says. He may have been relatively nice to her, but provoking him in anyway could make his calm demeanor turn aggressive very quickly. She stands, and enters the refresher to relieve herself. When she finishes, she starts the shower. Her thoughts drift back to the Republic and Resistance. A stray thought pops into her head, what if her friends are dead? She tries not to think about it, but the thought clings to the edges of her mind and eat away at her. More tears roll down her face. It hurts her to think about. She steps into the shower, and feels the icy cold water run over her. For a moment she just lets the freezing stream of water sink into every pore. She turns the water up a bit, and grabs the soap and begins washing her body. She looks down at her herself. Her body has little bruises and marks littering her torso and limbs. It doesn’t take very long to clean off any dirt on her skin. Her hair is slightly matted, and long. After a few minutes she decides that she’s clean enough. Turning the water off, she steps out of the shower. The mirror is fogged from the hot air, but she can just make out her features. She wipes the fog away to see her face staring back. At first she doesn’t notice many differences from before her capture. Then little things catch her eye. Her face is thinner, hair longer, and skin paler, not incredibly different, but clearly changed. She looks down to the rest of her body. Other than the marks she noticed earlier, she is mostly the same, paler from her time on the star destroyer, and thinner from being fed just enough to stay alive. She meets the eyes of her reflection, and notices the sadness and apprehension in them. They almost look glazed over. She looks away quickly. Glancing around, she grabs a towel, and starts drying her hair. As she peers around the room, she notices a window. The stars slowly passing by the window mesmerize her. It has been so long since she had seen anything other than the walls of a star destroyer. It takes her a moment, but she remembers where she is, and starts drying her hair. The towel flops in her face blocking out everything, and she feels a pair of arms wrap around her. She doesn’t move, towel still in her face. Her blood runs cold. Is he going to punish her for taking to long to get washed? Before she can worry too long, a voice, not Kylo Ren’s, but a softer voice, a familiar voice whispers in a happy, and slightly surprised tone. “I found you.” She twirls around, to see her lifelong friend, and ace pilot, Poe Dameron. He smiles at her, and glances around. “Nice room, let's go before they track me here,” he whispers hurriedly to her as he takes her hand. It takes a moment for her to respond. “It’s not my room, how did you find me, and where are we going?” “I overheard a stormtrooper talking about you being brought here,” He answers quickly. He pauses then asks, “Who’s room is this than?” “Kylo Ren’s.” She replies quietly. Poe looks at her with a shocked and saddened expression, and whispers, “Where is he? Did he hurt you?” She shakes her head, and looks at him. “Why are you here? You didn’t come here for me, did you.” He looks at her then says quickly, “We need to go, if these really are Ren’s quarters, I don’t want to be here when he gets back. A repeat performance of my last stay on a star destroyer doesn’t sound advisable.” After a brief pause, “No, we didn’t come for you, but I’m not leaving you here, alone with Ren.” At that Poe grabs her hand and leads her back into the bedroom. There is a momentary pause before he searches through Ren’s closet, pulls out a large shirt, and hands it to her. The moment the shirt is over her head, Poe drags her to the door. They rush through corridors, only stopping when a patrol of stormtroopers announces their presence with the loud clanking of armor. In no time, they are nearing a hanger. Before either of them can move towards the large doors leading to potential freedom, the alarms begin blaring. She takes a deep stuttering breath, and she feels her heart rate increase. Someone is shaking her, and calling her name. “Ali. Alise! Alise, can you hear me?” Poe. It’s just Poe. “He’s coming Poe. He coming for me. I shouldn’t have run!” Ali starts to sob. “Hey, stop that, you’re all right. I’ve got you, and I’ll protect you for as long as I can. As long as I am able to defend you, I will. Do you understand? I’ll do everything I can to protect you from Ren. Now we need to move, ok Ali?” She nods and follows him as they make their way to a small room off to the side. Poe gestures to a closet nearby. She gives him a confused look, and he shoves her inside with little warning. A chill runs down her spine. The door is wrenched open, and a dozen stormtroopers rush into the confined space. Two of them grab him, and push to the ground. Through the cracks in the door, Ali can just make out Ren entering the room. It takes everything in her not to scream. Ren moves closer to Poe, and just stares at him for a moment. “Where is she?” The mechanical sound of his voice through the mask sends a shiver down her spine. Poe stares straight ahead, and spits out through clenched teeth, “Fuck you.” Ren doesn’t respond, but addresses the room, or more accurately he addresses Ali. “If she is in this room, and continues to hide, I will kill this man.” Her heart pounds, but she opens the closet door as confidently as possible. Something inside her has changed. She stands up straight, and maintains eye contact with Ren’s mask as she comes to stand behind Poe. A part of her knows most of this is just for show, and that in a moment, she will crumple under Ren’s eyeless gaze. “Take him to a cell, I’ll deal with him later.” He says as he turns from her, and she feels her confidence evaporate. The stormtroopers leave the room, dragging an unusually quiet Poe with them. Ren takes her in for a moment longer, before gesturing for her to stand in front of him. She takes a few timid steps closer to him, before pausing. “I’m not angry with you. Come here.” She takes another few steps to stand in front of him, her eyes glued to the floor. He grabs her chin gently with his fingers, and tilts her head up to face him. They stand for a moment, before he drops his hand to his side, “Come.” She stares at his back for a moment, then slowly follows him back to his quarters. When she arrives in the room, he is lounging on a chair, and he casually gestures to the bed. Resting on the it is a large box. She walks over, and opens it. Carefully reaching inside she pulls out a floor length dress. It is simple and elegant. It mostly red, with a black sash around the waist, and dark sheer sleeves. “Put it on.” Ren says lightly, though she know it isn’t a suggestion. She pulls the small zipper down, and steps into the dress. After pulling on the sleeves, she reaches around behind her back for the zipper. She gets it up about two inches before she can’t zip it up anymore. She fumbles with it for a minute, until a larger pair of hands grab the zipper from her. She holds her hair up, and lets him zip her into the gown. His arms pull her body against his, and whispers into her ear, “You’re my guest to the party this evening.” He paused a moment and spins her around. “Can you dance?” “Yes, of course I can.” She affirms. He nods his head absently. Suddenly he turns and saunters over to the chair he was sitting in earlier. She stares at him for a moment. “Braid your hair,” he says dismissively. “What?” she replies incredulously. “Do I need to repeat myself?” She shakes her head, and quickly begins to follow his command. After reaching the end of her hair, she glances around for something to tie her hair with. The first thing she sees is the ribbon from the box, she carefully ties the end of her braid with it. Ren stands from his chair, and he approaches her. She turns to face him. He looks her up and down appraisingly, and she can’t help but squirm under his gaze. He stretches a hand out to her, and she slowly reaches up rests her hand in his. As he pulls her up he says, “Come, we have a party to attend.” Notes: :P Chapter 3 : Chapter 3 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The walk to the hanger where the party is being held is mostly quiet. He feels it necessary to, for some reason, keep one of his hands on the small of her back the entire time. Her mind wanders a bit and she wonders why he decided to bring her. “I was bored, and I had no one to bring with me on such short notice,” He responds. She sighs the whole answering the questions she doesn’t ask is getting annoying. He snorts, but doesn’t say anything else until they are outside of the hanger bay. “Don’t talk about your history with the resistance, unless you are asked, and don’t talk back to people,” She opens her mouth to ask if he counts as “people”, but he beats her to it by just shaking his head, she almost feel his annoyance at her attempt at a joke. “So I shouldn’t cause trouble.” She states. “Yes.” He says before steering her into the doorway. He holds out an arm to her, and she loops her arm in his. They walk in together, and people start staring their way. She remains calm as he leads her to a redhaired man standing with a tall, blonde woman. She has heard mention of Hux, the redhaired general, by Ren on many, many occasions. “Good to see you could make it Ren, and it seem you managed to convince someone to attend with you.” He says coolly before turning his attention to her. “Who are you? What did he offer you to make you come with him?” She glances at Ren before turning back the the redhead, “General Hux I presume?” He nods slightly and she continues, “He told me I could come with you instead.” Hux raises an eyebrow, “I see you get your sense of humor from him,” He says dryly. “At least I have a sense of humor,” Ren retorts for her. The blonde woman sighs and looks down at Ali, “They could be at this all night, so if you don’t want evening filled with childish arguing, you should come with me.” Ali nods and follows the woman through the crowds of people. The woman, Captain Phasma, as Ali soon learns, introduces her to so many people, that she barely has time to learn the name of one person before she steered off to meet another person. Eventually Phasma leads her to a large u-shaped configuration of tables. She leads Ali to the head of the tables, and points to one of the chairs, “You will be sitting there for dinner.” “Where will General Hux, and Kylo Ren be sitting?” Phasma just looks at her a moment, before sitting. Everyone else in the room begins making their way towards the tables and taking their seats. She feels someone behind her, and she sits in the chair they pull out for her. She turns slightly to see Hux. “Hello again. Ren will be back later, had some important business to attend to.” “Yes, of course.” She says with as much dignity as she can muster. “Will he be long?” “He didn’t say.” He responds absently. Then he seems to become aware of his surroundings, and takes his seat. A man stands and begins speaking to the people seated at the tables. She zones out after a few sentences. He seems to be talking about nothing important. Her thoughts drift back to Poe. She is in the middle of a memory, when a sentence drags her back to reality, “The destruction of the Resistance and their treacherous Republic imminent. Today is a day of celebration. Their power broken, they will never be able to raise from the rubble. We are at the gates of victory, let us destroy any remnant of them from the galaxy, and bring order back into a corrupt system!” as he finishes his speech, there is a thunderous round of applause from everyone in the hanger. She begins clapping quickly as to not draw attention to herself. The room slowly quiets down as food is brought out, and laid on the tables. Her thoughts are drawn back to words she had heard him say. So Ren wasn’t lying to her. She stares at the food laid out in front of her; she has no appetite anymore. The empty chair to her left is pulled out, and a low voice whispers to her, “It won’t bite.” She looks over at him. He is still wearing his mask. “Don’t you ever eat?” She asks suddenly. He chuckles and inclines his head, “You should eat, you’ll wish you had later.” She pulls her eyes away from him, and reaches for some kind of meat. As she eats, she begins studying her surroundings. There are ships lining the wall, and an entire wall that leads out into space. She idly wonders if he will stop her if she tries to jump out. He apparently isn’t listening to her thoughts at the moment, because he doesn’t answer her. It is tempting to ‘accidently fall out’ if it means never having to see him and his mask ever again. “I’ll pull you back in, and punish you for trying to run away from me.” He hisses in ear. She turns and looks at him. His mask is barely inches from her face. It isn’t an empty threat, but it scares her less now that is accustom to being punished. “Or I could just torture your friend.” He responds to her thoughts. “Either way, you will regret ever attempting to escape.” She looks away again, but still feels his eyes on her. They sit like that for what feels like hours, before a some silent signal has everyone standing, and moving to a large open area. He is holding his hand out to her again, and this time when she takes it he grips it tighter than necessary. They walk to the center of the clearing, there are more people standing with partners in the circle. He turns to face her, and rests his other hand on her waist. She looks at him a moment before placing a hand on his shoulder. They all stand silently, before music begins to play. He looks down at her as they begin to move in time to the music. He is a surprisingly good dancer, she realizes. They move together like they have danced million times before. As the music slowly draws to a close she realizes they are the only two left in the circle. The people lining the clearing begin cheering. He stands with her for a moment, before a low ranking officer runs up, and delivers Ren a message. Even without the force she can tell he is pissed. Then, as a new song begins to play, he pulls her out circle and back towards the tables. Only a few people still stand around the tables, including General Hux. “I was unaware you knew how to dance, Ren.” Hux comments. He ignores Hux’s remark, “General, if you would keep an eye on my companion, I have something to take care of at the moment.” Before Hux can answer Ren turns and strides towards the exit. Hux looks over at her, “Who are you?” he asks for the second time that evening. She stares after Ren for a moment before answering, “My name is, Alise” “I see you are less insolent when Ren isn't around.” He says with a slight smirk. “Tell me, why did he bring you? You don’t seem like his type.” “What is his type?” She asks mildly curious. “I always assumed he likes the type that doesn’t fight back. The type that doesn’t try to bite of his dick.” He responds calmly, and he studies her expression. “Why you?” “I don’t know myself,” She admits. “When I asked him, he said he was bored.” He scoffs, “I’m not that surprised, that sounds like the type of thing he would do.” He takes a moment to collect his thoughts, and regain his composure, before offering her his arm. “I want to know,” he says as he leads her to the open hanger doors, “do you even like him in the slightest?” She looks at him, “Why do you want to know?” “I’m just curious,” he responds casually. “I… respect him,” she answers carefully. “That’s not what I asked,” Hux says with an amused expression. “I think he is… a frustrating person,” she replies, then adds quickly, “That doesn’t mean I don’t like being around him.” He looks down at her with a cocked eyebrow. “How do you really feel?” “It’s hard to love someone who you hate,” she finally snaps. “Everytime he is near me I want to run as far away as I can. He has no respect for my personal space, and he wants me to do anything and everything to please him, but I want to die. When he touches me my skin crawls, and I want to push him away,” she gazes into Hux’s face. “I know you know. When did you figure it out?” He looks out at the stars, expression hard. “I wasn’t sure until now.” Sighing, she and pulls her arm away from him. She didn’t realize how cold the air is until now. Wrapping her arms herself, she shivers. A slightly heavy weight rests on her shoulders. A thick coat hangs around her, it brushes the ground. He gave his greatcoat to her. “You owe me something now resistance scum,” he whispers. “We both have a mutual hate for Ren, so tell me, what will piss him off most?” it takes her a moment to respond. “This,” she says as she stands on her tiptoes. He looks down at her and leans in to gently touch lips. Hux grabs her chin, and tilts her head back further. They only break apart when they hear the sound of angry growling. Hux quickly pulls his coat of her as Ren grabs her, and drags her away behind him. She glances back a moment and sees Hux smile smugly. The hand on her arm tightens and his steps slow he walks out with her in tow. She has a sinking feeling that was a very bad decision. Notes: Figured out how long I think I want it to be. Probably not going to update super often in the next couple of weeks. Chapter 4 Notes: I know where I want to go with this story now! Yay! So I should be able to post more regularly! *crawls back into pit* (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) He drags her back into his room, the door shuts behind them. He shoves her to the floor, before marching through another door. She doesn’t dare to breath for fear of provoking him even more. He reappears in the doorway, and stalks over to her. He pulls her up onto her feet by her hair. “Strip.” he orders. She quickly reaches behind her back, pulls the zipper down, and steps out of the dress. Slowly circling her, he studies her shivering frame. He stops behind her, and wraps his arms around her stomach, pulling her against him. They stand like that a moment, then the door opens and a stormtrooper pushes Poe into the room. He stumbles a bit, before righting himself. He is about to say something to the stormtrooper, but stops when he realizes where he is, and who is watching him. There is a moment of silence then, “What do you want, Ren?” Poe questions. She feels the arms constrict slightly, and a weight rest on head. “I want to know the location of your secondary resistance base.” He coos. Poe clenches his jaw, “I already told you, there is no secondary base.” then glances down at her for half a second, a gesture that doesn’t go unnoticed by Ren. Kylo lets her go, and stalks toward Poe. “You can withstand interrogation, you have a high pain tolerance I’ll give you that, but you have a weakness.” He is a foot from Poe now and is towering over him when Ren says, “Her.” She hears the unspoken threat laced into the word. He isn’t unwilling to torture her to get at Poe. Poe looks at her, and she shakes her head, trying to tell him not to say anything, to not watch. He looks back at Ren. “I don’t care about her.” It stings a little to hear him say, but knows he is trying to convince himself. Ren laughs and walks back to her. He grabs her again and holds her. A hand moves her throat and he squeezes gently at first, then slowly increases the pressure of his hold. “Where is the base?” Poe looks down at her and she shakes her head ever so slightly, and all concern disappears from his expression, “There is no base.” The hand around her neck is removed, and a pair of fingers are pushed into her mouth. At first she does nothing, just staring at Poe. The arm around her stomach tightens, and she begins sucking gently. “I’ll make a deal with you Dameron, you tell me where to base is, and I let you go. I’ll even give you a headstart, but I keep her to do whatever I want with. Or you tell me where the base is, and you stay, but I’ll leave her alone for tonight. Tell me where it is now and I’ll let you choose.” Poe looks between the two of them, he looks slightly upset. She tries to tell him not to take the deal with her eyes. “I…” Poe looks at her again, and back up at Ren, “How do I know you’ll keep your end of the bargain?” “You’ll have nowhere to hide,” Ren responds calmly. “It doesn’t matter where you run to, we will find you again.” Poe shakes his head, “No, the other one. How do I know you won’t just wait for me to leave the room?” “She’ll sleep in your cell.” Poe looks down at her again. “I accept.” She feels her stomach drop. Poe gave up the Resistance for her? What the fuck is he thinking? “Where is the base?” Ren asks sharply “Corellia. The southern side of the planet.” Poe answers, but is looking at Ali. Ren releases her, and walks to the door, it opens, and he speaks to the guards outside. “Take the prisoner back to his cell.” Poe is pulled out of the room, kicking and screaming at Ren for lying. The door shuts and he turns to her. He stalks back towards her. She takes a step back for each of his steps forward, she bumps into a wall and can’t move. He keeps walking towards her until she is pinned to the wall. He pulls his helmet off, and brushes his lips against her ear. “You want me to keep my end of the bargain, don’t you?” he whispers. She nods slowly. “Why should I? He is resistance scum, and deserves nothing from me.” He counters. He stares down at her, holding her eyes in his intense gaze. His face is extremely close to her’s. She leans in, and places her lips against his. Please? She thinks. He pulls away ever so slightly and chuckles, “You’ll have to do better than that.” She frowns a little, and leans in closer, this time actually kissing him. Please? She thinks a little harder. He looks amused and cocks an eyebrow. She looks at him a moment, before parting her lips. His tongue plunges into her mouth, and he explores her mouth. What feels like hours later, but is only a few moments, he breaks the kiss he stares down at her a moment longer. He walks away and pulls out a large shirt and a pair of pants. “Put them on.” He advises. As she pulls the clothes on he put his mask back on, and leaves the room. The pants fit her perfectly but the shirt is too big and it slips off one of her shoulders. While she waits for him to return, she sits on the bed, then curls up on the sheets. She doesn’t remember falling asleep, but a hand gently shakes her awake. “Dameron was telling the truth. We found a Resistance base on Corellia. You need to wake up if you want me to keep my end of the deal.” He says quietly. She blinks sleepily, and sits up. He gently pulls her up, and leads her to the door. “Follow me.” he commands She nods, and walks behind him. The walk is long, but she wakes up enough to keep pace with him. After an immeasurable amount of silence they stop outside a door. “Wait.” he tells her, as he steps into the room. The door closes and she stands in the empty hall, waiting. The door opens again, and Ren is standing in the doorway, angry shouting is coming from the room behind him. He moves aside enough for her to pass, and when she does the yelling stops. “Ali,” Poe asks, “Are you alright?” She looks at him and smiles weakly. “Yes, I’m fine.” The door shuts behind her, and he stands and quickly strides over to her. “Did he do anything to you? Are you hurt?” “No, no. I’m fine!” She shakes her head. “What did he tell you?” Poe looks away, “He said they found the base, and that he would consider keeping his promise.” “Is that why you were screaming?” she asks with a slight smirk. “Yeah,” he says thickly. “I couldn't stand the thought of him touching you. I couldn't let him have you.” “Why give up the Resistance for me?” “The Resistance? The Resistance is dead, I knew even if I didn't tell them, they would find the base eventually. I wanted something good to come from my betrayal.” They share a tense moment of silence. “Everyone thought you were dead. That’s why we didn’t try to rescue you, when you first got caught. After our other spies heard you had been captured, they had to keep their heads down for a while. There were some people that thought you were still alive, but no one believed them. That is until one of the spies got the information to us. At that point we were fighting a losing battle, and most of our fighters were trapped on Q’dar. We couldn’t do anything about it.” He explains. “Most of the higher ups didn’t want to spare the resources to rescue a single spy who got caught. The ones that did were mostly worried about what information you had. Everyone wondered why you were being kept alive.” He pauses a moment, and asks, “How long?” “It started a couple weeks after they caught me,” she answers. “It took him a week to get the information, but I know he was drawing it out.” “Where were you working?” He looks at her with a questioning expression. “A neutral system, I in the capitol at the time. They came and took over the entire system in less than two cycles. I was posing as a courier in the government building.” She recounted. “I was there when they took the capitol. Ren ordered me to deliver a message to someone, I don’t remember who, but it was a trap. It looked like a report of where their fleet was, and when I tried to send it to the Resistance, they knew I was a spy. I didn’t realize they had found out until it was to late,” she finishes her story. Poe nods and looks a little forlorn. They stand a moment, before he gestures to the metal shelve that serves as a bed. “You can take the bed.” he offers. “No you shouldn’t give up your luxuries to make me more comfortable.” She says with a smirk. “Honestly the floor is probably more comfortable,” He retorts with a smile. “I’m only half joking.” They both start laughing. Laughing at his joke, but also because they know they might never see each other alive again after this. They want something happy to remember each other. As their laughter comes to an end they sit beside each other on the “bed.” They stare at one another before embracing. “I missed you.” She whispers. Poe pulls her in closer and whisper back, “Me too.” They lay back down on the shelf and hold each other until they fall asleep. Notes: Sometimes I just forget to post, and now I feel bad. Sorry for the three month break, I've had a busy schedule the last few months. I'm not abandoning this story, I might take a while to post anything but I will post. I promise you that. Chapter 5 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Her eyes open to see Poe’s staring back at her. The moment stretches out and they both refuse to break the silence first. The sound of the door opening draws Poe’s attention, and he pulls her a bit closer. His eyes are focused on an unseen thing. She is tempted to look but wants to delay the inevitable for as long as possible. Poe’s eyes follow the movement of a person as they approach. He has a reproachful expression on his face as Kylo Ren comes closer to them and stands behind her. Strong arms pull her up off the bed and he begins walking away without a word. She looks at Poe around Ren’s arm and sees the bitterness in his eyes as he stares after them. A wave of tiredness washes over her, and she falls unconscious. She wakes up slowly, in a soft, warm bed. Her mind feels heavy and tried. It takes a bit of effort, but she manages to open her eyes. The ceiling above her is same as every other one she’d woken up to for the past year or so. She groans and rolls over in the bed. The urge to pee begins to nag at her once she gets comfortable again. Standing up, she stumbles into the refresher. After she finishes, she stands in front of the glass and stares out at the stars that lazily drift by the window. She wants to stand there forever, but the soft sheets call to her, and she is cold. As she walks back into the bedroom, she realizes that she isn’t the only one awake. Sitting on the chair across from the bed is Ren. She stiffens a little and stops walking. He is staring at her. “Go back to sleep,” he mutters. “I’m not tired anymore,” She whispers while shaking her head. He looks her up and down, before looking back into her eyes. After staring each other down for a long moment, then he pushes up out of his chair and stalks over to her. Once he gets close enough he leans over and whispers in her ear, “Do you really want me to fuck you that bad?” She scrambles back quickly, but he matches her step for step. Her legs bump against the bed, and she scampers under the sheets, trying to hide. He lets out a low chuckle and pulls the covers back until he can see her face. He stares down at her and strokes her cheek. “Sleep,” he whispers again, and she closes her eyes. This time, when she wakes up she doesn’t move. She recalls him being angry at her for something she did earlier. He still hasn’t done anything to punish her for it, and she is scared about what it will be. Her stress makes it hard to focus on anything, but lying in bed, staring at the wall and waiting. All morning and afternoon she just lies ther, but the only one who comes is a stormtrooper, who brings her breakfast, then later lunch. Her fear doesn't go away, but she calms down enough to use the refresher and eat some food. Just when she thinks he isn’t going to come back for her, the door opens to reveal Ren. He strides towards her, grabs her, and drags her out the door before she even registers what is going on. He drags her down the halls of the star destroyer. She has to almost run to keep up with him. They stop momentarily to open a door and he shoves her inside. The door shuts behind him, and he stands there staring down at her. She recognizes the room. It’s the interrogation chamber. The chair with restraints is in the middle of the room. “I’ll give you a choice, you get in and let me strap you down,” he offers, “or you don’t move and I punish you accordingly, either way, you won’t like the outcome.” She ponders his offer and slowly pushes herself up. Inching towards the chair she climbs into it, “Are you sure?” he asks and tilts his head to the side slightly. She stares into his mask and nods. He strides to her and locks the cuffs. With that, he turns and leaves the room. Time passes and she wonders if she should have chosen the floor instead. It would have been more comfortable, she decides. Her musings are cut short by the door opening and Poe being dragged in by a pair of stormtroopers, followed by Ren. Poe notices her almost instantly and tries to move closer, but stops mid-stride. “Leave us,” he says to the stormtroopers and turns back to the prisoners. Ren stands between the two of them, staring Poe down. “You both have been very disobedient haven’t you,” he says as he begins to circle them. “I was going to keep you separate, but then I realized neither of you would get the message. Now all I need something that she won’t forget, to remind her of her place. And you Dameron, you decided you wanted to escape. I was going to beat you within an inch of your life, but you'll try again even if I do, won't you?” he stops in front of Poe and tilts Poe's head up to look him in the face. “I needed something that had never happened to you before, and something she would never forget.” Poe’s face go pale. Ren laughs, and let's go Poe’s face, “No, not her,” he pauses to see Poe’s reaction, then continues, “You.” Poe’s eyes widen slightly and his mouth falls open in horror. He looks like he is going to vomit. Ren pushes Poe to the floor and starts pulling Poe’s clothes off with a calm deliberance. She didn’t understand what they were talking about until now, but once she does, she starts begging Ren to stop. He ignores her completely and continues to remove Poe’s clothes. Once he is done he moves away, and Poe crawls backward until he hits a wall. She is crying and begging him to not hurt Poe. He stands over her and runs a thumb across her bottom lip and whispers, “You chose this.” He turns around and stares at Poe before removing his mask. He strides towards Poe, before crouching down. They stare at each other then he whispering something to Poe, something that makes Poe’s face go from pale to green. Ren stands and slowly sheds layer after layer of clothing before standing nothing but his tunic and pants. Poe looks away and closes his eyes, as Ren removes the last of his clothing. Poe is staring off to the side trying hard not to think about what is happening. Ren reaches out and grabs Poe, pulling him into a kneeling position. “Open your mouth, Dameron,” he coos as he presses his cock to Poe’s lips. Poe shakes his head slightly. “No?” Ren’s voice is sickly sweet. “Your choice.” With that, he shoves Poe to the floor and flips him onto his stomach. Poe tries to scramble away, but Ren grabs his hips and drags him back. Poe is crying and shaking his head. Ren laughs and rocks his hips against Poe’s. “The more you struggle the longer I fuck you,” Ren hisses in his ear, “and I can last a very long time.” A whimper slips from Poe at Ren’s words. She knows from experience that he isn’t lying. “Beg me to fuck you.” Ren orders calmly, when Poe says nothing, “How long this lasts is up to you, Dameron.” A few heartbeats later, and Poe whispers something. Ren grabs Poe by the hair and pulls his head back. “What did you say, Dameron?” Ren asks. Poe says it a little louder, but still too quiet to hear. “I can’t hear you, Dameron.” Ren’s voice is calm, but there is a dangerous edge to it. Poe sobs slightly, and says loud enough for Ali to hear, “Please...f-fuck me.” Ren pushes Poe’s head back down, and spits out, “Pathetic.” Poe hiccups a little as Ren lines up. He takes a moment to enjoy Poe’s whimpering, before thrusting in full force. Poe screams in pain, and starts sobbing, and clawing at the floor. Ren pauses for a second before setting up a brutal pace. She tries to block out what is happening, but Ren turns and hisses, “I’ll do this again and again until you watch, and I don’t think Dameron can take that, do you?” She looks back at the scene unfolding in front of her. Poe has blood running down his thighs and is sobbing. His hands still claw futilely at the floor beneath him. His back arches all of a sudden. The action makes Ren laugh, and Poe moans in between sobs. Ren keeps the fast pace but repositions slightly and continuously makes Poe writhe under him. “Enjoying yourself, Dameron?” Ren asks mirthfully. Poe shakes his head and moans. “Really?” he whispers. He then grabs Poe’s hardened dick and strokes it. Poe lets out a gasp, and shakes his head more, “Pl...please….don’t.” Poe whimpers. Ren doesn’t respond, but his lips twist into a smirk and strokes Poe’s dick. Poe’s legs give out, but he is still held in place by Ren’s hand on his hip. Ren strokes Poe’s dick until it twitches. He begins shaking his head again, and he comes on the floor with a sob. Finally, Ren comes inside of Poe. He holds Poe up a moment longer and then drops him in the puddle of his own cum. Ren stands wipes himself off on Poe’s shirt and begins replacing his clothes. He releases her bonds as he replaces his helmet. “Come,” he commands through the distortion of the mask. She glances at Poe. He is curled into a tight ball in a mixture of blood, and his and Ren’s come. His shoulders are shaking and small whimpering sobs escape from him. But she walks by him and follows Ren back to his quarters. She glances back once before the door closes to see him staring blankly back at her. Notes: Tbh I hate myself a little for this chapter. I love Poe so much, but I did this to him... I'm currently trying to write most of the chapters out so I can edit them and make sure the story doesn't have any continuity errors. Also, I have plenty of schoolwork to keep busy. Basically instead of homework, this! My parents would be so proud. There might actually be more than 22 chapters, but so far 22 is where I'm settling for now. Notes: This is what happens when I let myself write whatever comes to mind. I don't know if I should continue this story I have a few ideas, so who knows. Series this work belongs to: Part 1 of the Running from the Dark series