The doors slam shut, and the gravity inside pulls the silhouette of Kylo Ren to the floor. He crumples, gasping for oxygen, eyes red and wild and bulging with the prolonged lack of it. The dull light in the airlock makes the scar running down his face an angry red, and Finn has to step back, look away, anywhere but at how the light catches in the dead tissue and gleams like the power of a sun cutting through space. Rey grabs his hand and he squeezes her's. "There's something...with him," Rey says. Poe's fingers twitch on his holster. Everyone on board is united with thoughts of the Hosnian system and its ghosts. "What? Does he have a weapon?" "No, no, he's...it's a someone. He's got someone with him." A one-way mirror separates them from the airlock, but Kylo must know whose ship has saved him from the vacuum of space and know they are fully prepared to shoot if he makes the wrong move. He seems far more concerned about the "something" with him - the helmet on the figure is unmistakably Ren's, and they watch as Kylo removes it. Although it's hard to tell apart their bodies in the sprawl of black fabric, Finn can see how quickly Kylo throws aside the helmet so he can cradle the man's head in his lap. Finn's heart stops. He remembers a harsh voice, boots clicking on the bridge above him that he only once had the audacity to look up at, for what he thought was the last time he'd ever have to fear him. He remembers the harsh contrast of red hair against the dark suffocating interior of the Finalizer. "I know him!" He squeezes Rey's hand again. "I know him, that's their general, that's General Hux - " " - and he's kissing Kylo Ren?" Rey and Finn share a confused look. Besides them, Poe is tearing up. "He gave him his helmet," Poe says. "That's so sweet. Don't look at me like that, okay!" He wipes his eyes with the back of his hand. "I just think it's romantic." Kylo and Hux stand up together, hands clasped. It's hard for Finn to see either of them as anything but monsters, and yet, they cling to each other with shared wild eyed desperation. Distinctly human, not a creature in a mask or a mouthpiece for the First Order. They have no power here. Snoke has ejected them like trash, left them to suffocate and die; they survived because of Rey's good will. The way their fingers touch reassures Finn that they can't hurt him now, not unless they want to risk letting go. Rey can feel it, too, in the Force. She feels it when she holds onto Finn. She feels the new direction of Kylo's anger, towards the real monster who trained him to be one too. She looks to Finn, who nods at her. Turning to Poe, she says, "Get them out of the airlock and on board. We have a lot of work to do."