Aftermath Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Despite destroying a galactic threat, celebration became the last thing on my mind. When my boots hit the ground and I saw Chewbacca carrying a limp body encased in my brown leather jacket, everything came to a pause. My heart lurched in my chest then fell to the floor. Finn. I was moving before time even returned to normal. I was vaguely aware of whooping and cheering surrounding me, and thought I felt some claps on my back; didn’t know, didn’t care. I just had to make sure the man that saved my life still had one himself. Somehow my body reaches him and I hear “…got a heartbeat.” I feel slight relief as I help push the stretcher to medical. “What happened?” I asked the nurse beside me. “He took a lightsaber to the spine,” she quickly said. Good feeling's gone. I swallowed hard, not particularly wanting the answer, “Is it deep?” “Well, for a saber cut it appears superficial.” I closed my eyes for a second and sent up a prayer to… well, I don’t know. Someone. Anyone. We arrived at medical and led the stretcher beside an empty bed. “We gotta turn him onto his stomach. This jacket and shirt need to come off so we can get at the wound,” someone said. About five people, including myself, slowly, so slowly, flipped Finn over. Someone lifted up his left arm as I tugged the left sleeve of my—his—jacket off. Same thing on his right. I draped the jacket over my shoulder as I ripped what little fabric was still connecting the two halves of his shirt. When the shirt came off a quiet gasp escaped everyone. The dark skin on Finn’s back was split in half by a pink strip of scorched skin. “Holy...,” I murmured. My hand shook as I reached toward his wound. Slowly, gingerly I traced his scar and shuddered, color rushing from my face. "Alright out! Everyone out!" A doctor yelled. I squeezed Finn's shoulder, "They're gonna patch you up good as new. You'll be fine, buddy." "Dameron," a rising, warning voice said. "Going, going," I assured, sighing deeply. I walked out of the room and stood, continuing to watch, from the hallway window. "Commander...," came a gentle voice. "General," I replied curtly. "Poe, you know you can't stand here and watch. Finn will be alright. Go celebrate. You've earned it," Leia said, pleading almost. "I don't mean to argue, ma'am, but..." "Go. That's an order." "Yes ma'am," I said softly, tearing my eyes away from the med center and beginning to head down the hallway. "And Poe?" “Ma'am?" I asked, slowly turning back. "Well done. Couldn't have done it without you." I smiled at the General. Not too broadly, but certainly sincerely. With a nod, I headed down the hallway to my room. I gently placed the jacket on my desk, then angrily banged my fist on the desk, and left. The landing field was abuzz with music, happy chatter, and a tangible feeling of relief as I exited the interior base. Everyone paused for a second to look at me, as a roar of cheers erupted. Pava ran up to me, hugged me, and pulled me into the crowd. Before long, I was sucked into the party atmosphere, forgetting my concerns. A beer was shoved into my hand and I clinked it against every glass I came across. With a few more beers, the hours started to slip away. I don't think I'd ever sang so much in my life, and my legs were getting sore from dancing with my squadrons, and Jess just wouldn't quit. She loved to dance. Before long the stars were gleaming in the night sky. I smiled as my eye caught the star of the Yavin system. I missed home and I needed to visit soon, especially to see my dad. I sighed happily. I watched the sky for a few minutes and then walked back into the base, heading to my room. I threw off my flight suit and fell into bed, completely exhausted. Notes: Please give me some writing advice on how to improve if you have time to! Thanks!