Beginnings Orion was a planet based near Moraband. Both planets were controlled by The First Order and you were fine with the circumstances. As far as the light and the dark, you didn’t care what everyone had to say about it. You were raised from birth to be a dark-side member and you were proud of it. You didn’t know much about your family, but you didn’t care. Your Master had placed you here to protect you and your family from harm, but you were still to report to the Finalizer on his command for training and other purposes. As a Knight of Ren and the only female knight, you had to train often with your Master. You were one of his most loyal knights and he trusted you. In case the Finalizer was attacked at night or unexpectedly, you would be safe from harm, and you could prepare for battle if needed. You could feel the heat coming through your window as the wind blew outside. Your home was surrounded by a forest but the heat was intense. Luckily, you had found ways to keep cool during the day. The First Order was known for finding supplies needed to stay alive and well. They had supplied you with enough machines to keep you cool. Food was never hard to find and your clothing was extravagant, very expensive, and made you feel beautiful. As a wife and mother you wanted to show others how lucky you were, but while training you were required to wear the proper attire. Your training outfit consisted of your black shirt and pants, along with the belt that wrapped around your waist to carry your lightsaber at all times. Your black boots were always clean and shiny. When you were home, you would wear many extravagant dresses, usually with lace patterns on the back and very soft. Your husband loved these dresses and he would pick them out at local markets on Orion, or the neighboring planet of Arian. The soft, ivory colored sheets of the bed were beneath you. Hot breath tickled against your skin as you turned your head to see your daughter lying next to you. A young brown-haired girl about five-years-old laid next to you, softly snoring against your arm. A smile curved on your lips as you watched her breathe slowly and steadily. You leaned down to kiss her forehead. You called her your ‘little peanut,’ since you had never imagined having children. You knew in several hours you were scheduled for a video call with your husband. Working on the Finalizer with The First Order paid very well for you both, but when he worked long hours it was stressful. You rarely saw him and took every moment to talk with him while you could. In private you could refer to him as John, but in public you must address him as Officer Cobb, especially when he was around other officers and his boss, General Hux. “Mom?” a small voice spoke. You looked down to see your daughter’s brown eyes looking at you. You hadn’t noticed she woke. “Yes, dear?” “Can I talk with Dad today? You’re going to see him, right?” “Yes, later today we will be talking through a video chat. If there’s time, I’ll allow you to speak with him. He won’t have much time and I have news for him.” “I miss him. Why can’t he stay here?” “He has important work on the Finalizer, like I do. We were sent here to stay safe, courtesy of General Hux. If your dad was killed for any reason, at least you’d be safe with me and my Master wouldn’t lose a fellow knight.” “What do the knights do?” You couldn’t help but smile at the curiosity that peaked your daughter’s interests. “I’ll tell you eventually, sweetheart, but not today. We should get out of bed and get ready for the day, okay?” She nodded and you both rose out of the bed. You would miss the comfort of the sheets and blankets, but the intensity of the heat was making it less comfortable. Although the house was cool from the radiators you could still feel a little heat coming through the open window. You went to close the window and stubbed your toe on a small toy that your daugher had left behind. “Aurora, I thought I told you to pick up your toys,” you said sternly. “Sorry, I must have missed one,” she said. “Are you hurt badly?” “No, sweetie. My toe hurts, but I’ll be okay. Please, don’t leave them laying around. Your father wants a clean house you know.” She grabbed the toy from your hand and went into her room to throw it in her toy bin. You continued getting ready, throwing on a silk dress that your husband had picked out for you one day. It was a light blue color and showed your legs which pleased him, not that he would see it on video. You pulled your hair back into a bun, hating the length of it, but keeping it so you could pull it back. You positioned the chair in front of the screen and saw his face appear before you. “Hey, baby,” he said. “How are you?” “I’m doing well. How about you?” “Eh, can’t complain. I see you’re wearing that blue dress I love so much. You trying to tease me?” he asked, grinning as he looked into your eyes. You laughed a little. “No, but it made me think of you.” He smiled back at you and for a while all you could do was stare at each other. “Dad!” Aurora appeared on the screen and John’s eyes lit up. “Hey, peanut. How are things?” “Good. Are you and Mom done talking about important stuff?” You saw the grin on his face. “No, sweetie. Your mother and I just got started. But you can take your time to say hi before we start.” “I just wanted to say that I miss you and I want to see you. Will you be coming back soon?” she asked, with a pouty lip. He smiled at her and replied, “Yes, actually, I will be coming in about a week to stay for a couple of days. I have a surprise for both of you.” She jumped up and down, filled with glee. “Okay, sweetie, settle down,” you said. She darted off to play while you continued to speak with John. “I see you’ve kept her well, princess. How’s life on Orion for you?” “Everything has been fine. Mostly just taking care of her and occasionally coming back to the Finalizer for training. I miss seeing you though. You’re usually pretty busy and I know General Hux would be furious if he saw me lurking around.” “He’s an ass.” “John! He’s your boss!” “I know, but still. I don’t understand why you and Aurora had to stay on Orion. There’s room on the Finalizer for you both. I know it was for protective reasons, but I don’t get it. Not that it wasn’t good of him to do so…” “Let’s change the subject. I don’t want you to get in trouble again. You know what happened last time you –“ “Shhhh. I won’t. How’s training been?” “It can be rough. Training with the other knights is a tedious task, but training with Master Ren feels different. How is life on the bridge?” “Can’t complain. Lots of codes to enter. I just wish we could run away together like we planned to. We can take Aurora and just leave. Disappear. Be together like we want to be.” “I know, but… I can’t. With my duty as a knight and yours as an officer, it wouldn’t work. But at least you’ll be here next week. I’m excited to see you.” “Same here, sweetheart. Why do I have to input so many damn codes? Honestly, you think a droid could do this work.” “Honey, droids don’t get paid and we need the money.” “I know… I know… but still.” You couldn’t help but laugh at him. With his dark, short hair and beautiful brown eyes, you fell in love every time you looked at him. “Well, I better get back to work. I’ll see you in a week, okay, darling?” “Okay. Have fun with those codes.” “Damn, today should be fun. See you later!” You saw his face disappear and you smiled. You were in love with the most amazing man and nothing could tear you two apart. Chapter 2 : Reunited Summary: Get ready for some smut! Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) 1 week later You scurried out the front door of your home, rushing to the nearby hangar eagerly waiting to see your husband. You didn't even feel how tired you were from the lack of sleep. You were overly excited to see him again after several months and you couldn't wait any longer. You froze when you saw a young man walk down the ramp, exiting the ship he had come in. The First Order did not allow anyone to fly their ships, but your husband was a great pilot, and was very high ranked. He was one of the best officers on the ship and as he stood there in his First Order uniform, you couldn't help but smile at him. You always loved seeing that uniform and were sad when he took it off. He walked quickly toward you and your eyes widened. Your lips crashed against each other, your legs wrapping around his waist, and your arms wrapping around his neck. His hands held you up, clutching your ass, and holding you tightly against him. "I missed you so much, baby," he said against your lips. "I missed you too," you whispered, longing to feel more of him. He held you tighter for a few moments before lowering you to the ground. “I’ve thought of you every day,” he said. “All I want to do is hold you in my arms and kiss every part of you. You’re the most beautiful girl in the galaxy.” “Oh, John,” you breathed against him. “I missed you so much. I never want you to leave. It breaks my heart every time you do.” “I know, darling. I know. I’ll find a way for us to be together, I promise.” You smiled up at him, knowing that you made the right decision when you chose him. You could’ve chosen any of the knights or even a general, but you wanted him as your husband and he wanted you. You refused to love anyone else. "Dad!" Your daughter ran to him and he picked her up in his arms. "I missed you so much, peanut. You've gotten so big. Has mommy behaved herself?" "John..." you said, annoyed. "I think she's been bad," he chuckled. He picked Aurora up in his arms and held her tightly against him. You walked up to him and he wrapped one arm around your waist while the other arm held your daughter against him. You couldn't help but smile and your lips touched his in a deep kiss. "Ewwwww," your daughter said and you didn't pay any attention. Even though your husband would have to leave in a couple days, you couldn’t be happier to see him again. _____________________________________________________________________________________ "What are you doing with the datapad?" you asked him as you laid in bed together that night. He groaned. "More codes, of course. I never get a fucking vacation. You'd think being home with my wife and child would give me much freedom. Nope." “At least they let you come home once in a while.” “Yeah, for a couple days,” he grumbled. “Fuck, you’d think that everything they do has to be constant work. How about a week off once in a while? Hmmm? Would that be so hard?” “John, take it easy. We’re together now and I don’t want to argue.” “I’m sorry, baby. I’m just so fed up with everything. C’mere.” You snuggled closer to him. You loved feeling the warmth of his body and his strong muscles rubbing against your skin. You loved feeling how hard his muscles were. It was one of the reasons you loved him so much, being so strong and protective. He held you close to him and you could hear his breaths. You closed your eyes, imagining what he must be thinking with you pressed against him. Maybe he wouldn’t have to do all work tonight. After all, you would only get a couple days with him. "Take a break," you whispered against his ear. His hungry eyes met yours. His soft lips gently kissed your forehead. He set the datapad on a nearby table and carefully climbed over you. You parted your legs to allow him easier access as he kissed your forehead, moving downward from your temple to your cheek, slowly and carefully, as he kissed your bare skin. You softly moaned beneath him, wanting more. As if he read your mind, he asked you, “Does my baby want more? Hmmm?” “Yes, please, John. Please, don’t stop,” you panted. His lips tickled against your earlobes before they found your lips again. You kissed him hungrily, knowing you wouldn't see him again for several months. You felt his lips on your neck, sucking, kissing, and nipping at your collarbone. You tilted your head upward to give him more access and you were shaking from the pleasure he gave you. His hands found your legs and slowly he pulled your nightgown up your body. He eagerly ripped the fabric over your head and threw it to the ground. You were completely nude before him, except for a band covering your breasts, but you didn't care. The room was cold but it only added to your arousal. He climbed off the bed and ripped his shirt off as well. His pants fell to the floor before climbing back on top of you, his erection showing through his boxers. He ripped off the band covering your breasts and took a nipple into his mouth, licking the erect bud and sucking, tasting, all of you. You swore the entire planet could hear you gasp beneath him and it made him chuckle knowing he had this effect on you, as if he could read your mind. He moved to the other breast, teasing you, and making you buck your hips. You wanted more of him. He kissed down your stomach until he reached your folds. He stroked your thighs, making you groan beneath him. His teasing fingers pressed into your entrance, but you were ready for him. He just wanted to play with you a little. He carefully removed his boxers. As you panted, you caught sight of his erection. He stared at your entrance and you could tell he was ready to claim you. "You're so wet, babe. I think someone missed me. Are you ready for me?" "Yes, John, please," you begged. He smiled and lined up with your entrance. He slowly pressed into you, making sure you didn't feel any pain. You didn't care if you did. You wanted him. You needed him. He began thrusting slowly, your body feeling waves of pleasure that traveled all over. He tweaked and flicked your nipple as he thrusted harder. You moaned louder against his lips as he kissed them briefly. You felt your orgasm approaching and you knew you wouldn’t last much longer. "You're so tight. I can feel you. You're so close," he grunted. You cried out as that final wave crashed over you. You screamed out his name, over and over, until he came inside you. You felt the wave slowly dying and you were starting to come back to reality. He fell on top of you and rolled over to the side. He took you into his arms and held you against him. Both of you were panting, trying to catch your breaths. You didn't care if you were. You had made love and you couldn't be happier. It didn't take you long to fall asleep against him, as he rubbed your back. Before the blackness took you, you heard him whisper, "I love you." Notes: The first few chapters will come quicker, since they are more introductory chapters. I promise that we will see General Hux very soon, so thank you for being patient with me. I think I have General Hux appearing in Chapter 4 if I'm correct, so once I've posted Chapter 4, chapters may not be posted every few days. I will update when I can. Thank you once again to my lovely beta BregoBeauty for editing and helping me with ideas. Thank you all for reading, leaving kudos, and reviewing! Feel free to chat on Tumblr. (meganthewriter is my username) Chapter 3 : Opportunities Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Waking up after your passionate love-making had been breathtaking. You felt your naked body pressed closely against your husbands and you never wanted to forget it. He was still asleep, his breathing was slow, and his hot breath exhaled on your sensitive neck. It tickled your skin, but you didn't mind. You were happy to have him next to you, his arms holding you tightly against him. You stroked his hair, feeling the waves that fell past his ears. You preferred that he kept his hair medium-length instead of terribly short, but he would have to cut it soon for regulation purposes. General Hux didn't like long, tousled hair and you agreed. You liked a little length to it, but you had to respect his boss' wishes. You could smell the shampoo scent in his hair and you loved that aroma. You would often open the shampoo bottles he left at the house, enjoying the whiff, and remembering him as he showered in the bathroom. You noticed his eyes slowly open as he looked around the room, then close a few seconds later, and you heard a loud groan deep in his throat. He was not a morning person and you knew it. You were surprised he woke early, but you knew that he worked early shifts every day. You knew he hated it, but it paid better than other shifts. You gently kissed his forehead and he let out a soft moan. "Good morning," you said cheerfully. His eyes darted open and looked at you with a tint of frustration. You started to massage his back a little and his eyes softened. "Mmmmm. That feels good, baby. Mmmmm, yeah, right there." You smiled. You loved giving him little massages, especially when you both were officers. You two would sneak around together and you would give him gentle massages aboard the Finalizer. "Good morning, sweetie," he muttered. "How'd you sleep?" you asked, continuing to lightly massage his back. "I think I slept very well, considering our little pow-wow last night." "Our pow-wow? That's what you're calling it?" "Yeah, what's wrong with that?" he asked, his face grinning with delight in teasing you. "Nothing, it - it was great, I'll agree." "Just great?" he questioned. His fingers grazed across your bare skin, trailed down your arms, and made you shiver. You stopped massaging his back. "It was great, John. I mean... I guess... well, I didn't hate it, but..." "Shhh, it's okay, darling. I'm just teasing. I'm sorry." "It's okay," you said. "It really was great though. I enjoyed it." "I did, too," he whispered. You stared into his eyes and suddenly you felt his lips press against yours. The kisses were soft and sweet and you felt incredibly safe lying next to him. "Mom?" a voice said, outside your closed door. "Give us a second, Aurora. We'll be right out." You gave John an embarrassed look and your cheeks turned a hint of red. "She doesn't need to know," he said, chuckling. You both rose out of the bed, preparing to get dressed, and spend some time with your daughter. ___________________________________________________________ Your daughter dashed off to a large building. Your husband and you walked slowly, holding hands, and admiring the beauty of the planet. Your arms were pressed close together and you loved that feeling. You knew he would be leaving in a couple days and you didn't want to say goodbye. Your daughter would be upset too, knowing she wouldn't see her father for several months. It wasn't healthy for your family to be apart. You missed each other too much. When you entered the building, you noticed the vast array of training rooms that were scattered throughout the area. Your daughter rushed into one of them, grabbing a small blaster from the instructor. You looked into your husband's eyes and you saw fear. You knew before coming that he wouldn't be pleased. But you needed to prove to him that everything was okay. "Babe, it's okay. She's done this for a few months now." "Honey, she's five. She's too young to hold a blaster, let alone use one." "I started training at her age. So did you. It's normal." "I guess... I just..." "You don't want her to grow up, I know," you said, brushing your thumb over his hand. "It's okay. Besides, they're level three blasters. They aren't the most powerful ones, so they don't cause injuries." "Level three? I guess that's okay," he said. The First Order had three levels of blasters. Level three was meant for training purposes only. They wouldn't hurt or kill if used, but it was more used for accuracy. Level two would hurt if used, but they wouldn't kill. Level one blasters would kill and were only used by licensed officers. John had a level one blaster attached in his holster. You always felt safe when he carried it around. He had a good aim. He was trained well. You always had your lightsaber too and your daughter loved to admire it. But you told her it was a weapon and not to be used as a toy. You admired her curiosity with the weapon, but you were always careful when she was around it. You saw her aim at a small target and she hit the middle one. Her instructor praised her. You remembered when she first started at the academy. She had terrible aim and the instructor asked to work with her in private. Aurora wanted to be an officer like her father and as long as she received proper training, you were okay with it. Your husband didn't know about this and you felt you should probably tell him. "Honey, did you know Aurora wants to be an officer when she grows up?" "No, I didn't. When did she mention this?" "When she started training here. The instructor has worked with her in private to help her. She struggled at first, but now..." Aurora hit another target. "She's getting so much better." John studied his daughter and you were worried he wouldn't be happy. "John, say something. If you're not happy then..." He grabbed your arm and looked into your eyes. "It's fine," he said. He sighed. "She's happy and that's what matters." He pulled you close to him and kissed your forehead to reassure you. You sighed. You know he didn't fully approve, but you were happy that he allowed Aurora to continue. You watched her train for the next hour and when she was finished, she came to you both. "Dad! Did you see me? I hit the target!" "I saw, peanut. I'm proud of you. Your mom says you're getting better." "I am. Did you know Mommy was an officer too?" He smiled at her. "Yes, I did know that. That's how Mommy and I met. We both worked together." That was true. You had worked together in the same area, scanning incoming crates that contained weapons, food, and other necessities. During breaks, you would sneak into nearby rooms, usually to share a kiss, but most times just trying to have a private moment. You chuckled a little, remembering those memories. "I want to be just like you and Mommy. Maybe I could be a knight!" You laughed. "Maybe, but for now, keep practicing." You saw her instructor come toward you both. "Officer John Cobb, it's good to see you again. My name is Officer Gloria Van Tuke. I am Aurora's instructor. I think we worked in sector six together." "Gloria! It's good to see you again," he said, shaking her hand. You knew she trained your daughter, but you didn't know that she knew your husband personally. "It's nice to see you again as well," she said. "What brings you to the academy?" "I'm in town for a couple days, so my wife and I came to watch her train. Excellent job by the way. She's improved a lot." "Thank you. Yes, she has. She's very determined. By the way, I've been meaning to ask, have you considered finding a job here?" "I have, but many of them don't pay as well as my current job. We don't want to jeopardize our finances." "I understand. We have a current position for an officer who would be willing to show battle tactics and teach some of the younger adults here. It pays well and I could match your pay. I'd have to talk to my boss, but I'm pretty sure he would agree. Would you be interested?" He looked into your eyes and you nodded your head. He studied you questioningly. "John, this would be an amazing opportunity. At least think about it. We can talk more about it later." "Alright, sweetie. I'll think about it." He turned to face Gloria. "I'll think about it. I need to talk with my wife first." "Excellent. Here is my card. Just call when you've made your decision and we can talk further if needed." "Thank you for the opportunity. I really appreciate it," he said. "You're very welcome. It was good to see you again. Best of luck on the Finalizer ." She turned and walked away and you thought about this opportunity. You could have your husband back on Orion and you'd be able to spend more time together. You hoped he would take this job. Notes: Hope you all are enjoying the special little moments between them! Looks like General Hux will make a special appearance next chapter, so stay tuned! Thanks again for reading, leaving kudos, and reviewing! You guys rock! Feel free to chat on Tumblr - meganthewriter :) Thanks again to my wonderful beta, BregoBeauty. Chapter 4 : Unexpected Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) “Are you planning on taking the job?” You both had returned from watching your daughter at the academy. The entire time you walked home, you thought about this opportunity. You both had to return to the Finalizer tomorrow morning and you wished you had more time with him. “I’m not sure,” he said. “There’s a lot to consider. I never imagined myself teaching other officers.” “But you’ve trained other officers before…” “That is true. But I never imagined it as a career. I don’t think I’m the best man for the job to be honest. Besides, I’d be giving up my higher status. It would be difficult after working extremely hard for it, you know?” He had a fair argument. Working your way to the top was extremely difficult and if he took the teaching job, he wouldn’t have his current title. You were more focused on being together as a family. “John, all three of us could be together! We could finally be a family again! I rarely see you and I miss you. Aurora misses you, too.” “I miss you both as well, but my job pays well and it provides for you both.” “They’ll match your pay here. You’ll be making the same and we’ll be together.” “I just… I can’t think about leaving my job like this,” he argued. You were angry. Why didn’t he understand? “So you would choose your job over your family? That’s not the man I fell in love with. Forget it. If you’re fine without me, then just leave me alone.” You started to stomp away, but he grabbed your arm to stop you. “Baby, please, I don’t want to fight. I will think about it, okay? Just give me a little time,” he said soothingly. “But how much time?” you asked. “You and I both return to the Finalizer tomorrow and it takes weeks to transfer…” Before you had time to react, he pulled you close to him, and kissed you deeply. Your arms wrapped around his neck and he wrapped his arms around your waist. You felt his warm, soft lips against yours. You giggled into the kiss. He always found a way to make you smile, even during an argument. You shared a long kiss before you realized it was time for dinner. “I have to prepare dinner, but we’ll talk later,” you said. “Can you check on Aurora?" “Alright, princess,” he said, giving you one final peck. “I love you.” “I love you, too,” you said with a smile. You continued to prepare dinner, making sure the oven was set to the right temperature. You saw your husband come out of Aurora’s room and she was carrying several books. He grinned at you and you couldn’t help but smile. He climbed into a recliner and your daughter climbed onto his lap. She loved to read and any time your husband was home, she would read as many books as she could. You loved to buy her books that you found at the local markets. As soon as she began reading to John, you heard a knock at the door. He told Aurora he would be right back and he rushed to answer the door, since the visitor outside continued knocking. Obviously, that person was very impatient. You heard someone come into your house and as they came closer, you recognized the voice. It was General Hux. “May I please speak with you in private, Officer Cobb?” he asked austerely. You watched from the kitchen, being as quiet as possible. The General faced your husband, so he didn’t notice you. You hoped he wouldn’t turn his attention to you. You didn’t speak with the General often, but you knew he was a rigorous man. “Of course,” your husband replied graciously. “My office is right here.” He motioned for the General to step inside and you saw the door close behind them. You were worried. What did the General want? Was he angry with your husband? “Mommy?” Your daughter walked into the kitchen. “Why did Daddy have to leave? Who is that man?” “It’s his boss, dear. It must be very important. Why don’t you play in your room until dinner, okay?” “Can you play with me?” “I’m sorry, sweetie. I have to make dinner. I promise we can play afterwards.” She crossed her arms and growled. You smiled a little. John said she was similar to you. You both could be very stubborn and you didn’t disagree with that statement. She stomped off and you chuckled a little. You started to add more ingredients to the casserole you were preparing. You couldn’t help but glance at the door every now and then. You wondered what those two were up to. You thought it wouldn't hurt to eavesdrop a little. You decided you would try to sneak to the door, but someone turned the knob, and you raced back into the kitchen. Your husband and General Hux came out of the room. He asked the General to have a seat and he came into the kitchen. “So?” you whispered. “What did you two talk about?” “I’ll tell you later, sweetie. He’s going to stay for dinner.” “What?!” you said loudly. You were sure the general heard you and your cheeks turned red. “Why didn't you ask me first? I wasn't planning on an extra person, especially your boss!" “It’ll be alright. He’s just staying for dinner. Nothing more. I’ll take care of everything, don’t you worry. Let me check on Aurora and get her ready for dinner, okay?” He pulled you into his arms, giving you a gentle kiss on your forehead. He stroked your cheek with his hand and walked away to take care of your daughter. You didn't notice the general enter the kitchen. "Hello, Lady Ren." You froze. You told yourself to stay calm and you turned around to face him. "General Hux, it's nice to see you. What brings you to Orion?" "Business matters, Y/N. I assume you have training tomorrow?" "Yes, sir. I am expected in the morning." "It's very humid outside and I could use a drink," he stated curtly. "Oh, yes. I'm sorry, sir. Let me get you some water." "Just tell me where the glasses are," he snapped. "In that cabinet, sir." You pointed to a cabinet and he got a glass. He had to pass by you to get to the sink and you felt him skim his fingers against your arm as he passed by. You could feel the tingle that appeared and you were a little uncomfortable by his gesture. You continued to prepare dinner, your hands shaking, and your heart racing. You wanted to please the general, just in case he happened to be upset with you or your husband. It happened so quickly, but you felt him peck your cheek, and he darted off. You touched your cheek where his lips had been and you shivered. Why was he doing this? You were married and you never had physical contact with anyone besides your husband. Why was the general acting this way? You were confused and a little worried. Your husband returned at that moment with Aurora. You decided to keep the general’s gesture a secret from John. He didn’t need to know. All three of them sat down at the table. You arranged the food in a pleasing manner. You served everyone at the table and sat down to eat your meal. You helped your daughter with preparing her food and scolded her when she tried to eat bigger bites. "Sweetie, small bites, please." You didn't glance up at the general, but you could feel his eyes glaring at you. Your husband asked the general questions during your meal and you were grateful he did most of the talking. You felt sick to your stomach. You couldn't bear to look at the general to see his reactions. When you were finished, you helped clear off the table. You noticed your daughter was staring at the general and you got nervous. What would she say? “Dad, why is your boss here?” You closed your eyes and bit your bottom lip. You imagined the general would be furious with her. “For personal matters, Aurora. Why don’t you go to your room and play?” She looked at him with a glare for not getting a proper answer and she stomped off to her room. You stood in the kitchen finishing the dishes and you saw the general pick up his hat from near the door. "Well, thank you for your.... hospitality," the general stated. "I will see you both on the Finalizer tomorrow. Goodbye." You watched him leave and the door closed, leaving you three alone again. Your husband helped Aurora into bed and read her a bedtime story. When you were finished with the dishes, you started to prepare for bed. Your husband walked into the room a few minutes later and removed his shirt. You gazed upon his strong abs and his muscular arms. You crawled into bed and he sat beside you. "You okay, sweetie? You've been so quiet." “Yeah, I’m just nervous about what the General thought.” “I don’t care what he thought. The meal was delicious and you were a great hostess. I’m proud of you, baby.” “What did he talk to you about, John? Tell me.” “We’ll talk in the morning, okay? I’m getting tired and we should both rest for tomorrow.” “We have to be on the Finalizer tomorrow,” you stated. “We’ll find a way to see each other. I’ll keep in touch with you.” “Okay,” you said quietly. He pulled you into his arms and you nuzzled your head on his chest. You felt your eyelids becoming heavy and you soon fell into slumber. Notes: Thank you to my lovely beta, BregoBeauty, for all her help with editing and throwing out ideas. Shoutout to my lovely friend, Meaghan M (Juulna), for commenting on my last chapter and giving me an idea! I was able to incorporate those ideas into this chapter and the next, so I'm really grateful for your help <3 I recommend all her stories, but my favorites so far have been "Codega" and "Delicious Ambiguity." Thanks also to AllOfReylo for being an awesome friend! I recommend her story "Lost in a thousand ways..." It's super hot and features both General Hux and Kylo Ren, from a Reader's POV! And of course, thank you to all my readers. You guys inspire me to keep going :) Thanks for reading, reviewing, and leaving kudos <3 Chapter 5 : Change Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) You woke to a small tingle coming from your lips. You were still half asleep, but your husband was giving you soft kisses. His lips traveled down the side of your neck and to your collarbone. You softly moaned and you felt him nipping at his favorite spot. It was an extremely erogenous zone for you and you couldn’t help but mewl like a little kitten. You loved when he teased you, especially in the mornings. You missed it so much. You were still leaning against his chest, your eyes gently closing every few seconds. You were still tired and you wished you could stay in bed all day with him. You knew that he would return to work today and you wanted more time with him. You felt the bed dip beside you as he left, going into the closet to grab his uniform. He went into the refresher to change and prepare for the day, while you snuggled under the covers. You weren’t expected for a few hours. When he came out of the ‘fresher, he was dressed in his tidy and clean First Order uniform. He looked so handsome. His short hair was parted on the side and he had put a little gel in it to keep it in place. His hat covered most of his hair, which you hated, but you admitted that he looked striking. “So?” you said and he turned to face you. “What did the General want last night?” You were still a little groggy, but you were eager to know. “Well, I’m not sure you’re going to like it, baby.” “Tell me…” “General Hux offered me a job.” "That son of a bitch!" Your husband looked shocked. "What kind of work?" you muttered. You were not pleased with his news. “Well, I’d be doing the same amount of work, but I’d have my own private office. No distractions, which means I might be able to talk more.” “John, you’d be able to see us all the time! Not just moments during the day. We miss you.” “I know, but…” “Please,” you said, practically begging. He sighed. “It offers better pay and benefits…” “I don’t care. Babe, you can’t leave us again. Not for several months. It hurts to say goodbye.” He came and sat on the edge of the bed. He leaned down to lay on his side and gazed into your eyes. You loved seeing a man in uniform and your eyes drifted over his whole body. “Alright, princess. I know it means a lot to you, so I’ll take the job here.” “Really?!” you exclaimed. “Oh, John…” You threw your arms around him and gave him a hug. He kissed your cheek and you felt his warm breath on the back of your neck. “I’ll do anything for you and Aurora. I’ll talk to General Hux as soon as I board the Finalizer . It shouldn’t take long for me to transfer and I’ll be anxious to see you. When do you start training?” “Not for a couple of hours. I guess… we’ll…. say goodbye now?” “Probably best, dear.” You sat up in the bed and he held you close to him. You tried not to cry as he held you in his arms. You would miss him and his touch, but you knew he would be back soon. “Hey, come meet me on the Finalizer when you’re done with training. I’ll be in sector 4, room 102. I have something to show you.” You lifted your face to look into his eyes. Your gleaming eyes met his and you gave him a wicked grin. “Alright, I’ll come after my training.” “I’ll see you then.” He gave you one final kiss on the lips and he departed for the Finalizer , leaving you under the warm, soft covers of your bed. _______________________________________________ Upon reaching the Finalizer , you noticed how busy it was that day. Officers, pilots, crew members, and other personnel were walking to their required stations. You were dressed in your training outfit and prepared to spar against your Master. You were eager to meet with John, but you knew that training came first. You noticed that your datapad had beeped, so you checked your messages. You noticed a message from your Master. “Y/N, my other duties will keep me from training today, but I will be asking one of my knights to train with you. Please report to training room 6 in fifteen minutes.” You proceeded to training room 6 to begin training. Upon arrival, the room was empty, so you decided to practice a few techniques before you started. You heard your datapad beep again, so you checked it. It was a message from John. “Hey, baby, you on the ship?” “Yes. I am in training room 6. I’ll begin training in fifteen minutes. How’s work?” “Boring as usual. I miss you.” “I miss you too. Any codes today?” “Too many damn codes.” “I’m sorry, but at least I’ll see you in a bit…” You knew he was smiling as he read your reply. “Very true, my dear. I will let you go. See you in a bit. Love you.” “Love you too,” you typed. You hit send and set the datapad down on a chair. A tall knight entered the room. His long black robes flowed on the hard floors and you prepared to train with him. ___________________________________________________________ After training, you raced off to room 102 in sector 4, where your husband was working. You were eager to see him, but you had to look subtle. You didn’t want to draw attention to yourself. You made your way down one final hallway. You glanced down each end of the hallway and carefully stepped inside the room your husband was in. You noticed him sitting in a chair and looking at the control screens. He looked so dapper in his uniform and you smiled. He turned around to face you, giving you a small grin. “Hey, beautiful,” he said. You walked over to him and he allowed you to sit on his lap. “Hey,” you said, your cheeks turning a light shade of pink. He gently kissed your temple. “How was training?” “Good,” you replied. “My Master wasn’t able to train with me, so I trained with a fellow knight. Everything went well and I should be able to go home later tonight. Aurora is staying with Laila tonight.” Laila was Aurora’s best friend on Orion. Your daughter loved to play with her and it gave you some time to finish cleaning when she played. “So you’ll have the house to yourself? That’s a shame.” “I’ll be able to catch up on some much needed sleep. So, what did you want to show me?” “Look at this.” He pulled up something on the screen. You saw battle plans for an attack on Jaeda. You looked closer and there were several maps across the screen. “How did you get these?” “I took them. I’ve been sending these to an officer who works with the Resistance. He’s promised to pay me for information. It’s how I earn a little extra,” he said, giving you a wink. You weren’t sure what to say. You didn’t want your husband to get caught. “Are you sure about this, babe? You don’t want General Hux to find out. You’d be in a lot of trouble.” “Relax, he won’t find out. I’ve been doing this for months. Besides… I like striking fear in others. The First Order will panic when they see their information released, but they’ll never guess it was me.” You grinned. You loved having a husband who was bad at times. He pushed you back against the wall, kissing you deeply, and you loved the feeling. “You’re so bad, babe. My bad officer.” “You know it, princess. My beautiful knight. You’re so sexy.” “C’mere, you.” You pulled him toward you and your lips crashed against each other. You moaned into the kiss and you felt like you were floating on air. You didn’t know, however, that someone was watching from the shadows on a monitor. They heard your entire conversation and they knew the secret your husband kept. You didn’t know that things were about to take a turn for the worst. Notes: Uh oh..... who could possibly be watching them?? Thanks once again to my awesome beta BregoBeauty. I recommend her story "Redemption and Ruin." It is a Reylo story and I help her with ideas :) My readers rock! I've gotten so many views, comments, and kudos. It makes me smile when I see those comments. :) Chapter 6 : Trouble Notes: Things take an unexpected twist... please don't hate me. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) “Fuck, yes, right there!” You and your husband were in a small private control room and things might have escalated quickly between you both. He was thrusting into you. Your moans were getting louder, as you felt an orgasm approaching quickly. “Mmm, you’re so tight, baby. Oh, kriff!” You felt your orgasm coming quickly. “Oh, babe. I’m so close! Oh, fuck! Yes, yes, yes…” You reached your climax and you screamed out his name, as he came inside you shortly after. You both collapsed on the floor, breathing heavily, and panting for air. You had made love and were grateful that no one had heard you. You hadn’t been quiet, especially the last few minutes. Luckily, no one came down these halls except for your husband and the general. You knew the general was a busy man, so you doubted he would’ve heard anything. He sat up and noticed you were still on the ground. He carefully placed his warm hands on your back and lifted you up into his arms. Your naked body was pressed against his. He was warm and you both were a little sweaty, but you didn’t mind. You leaned your head on his chest. He lifted your chin so you looked into his eyes and he kissed your lips. You giggled into his kisses. When you parted, you ran your hand through his hair, smiling as you did so. You looked around the room, admiring the many different panels and buttons. You noticed something blinking in the corner, but very slowly. It was a camera. A video camera. You panicked. “John, there’s a video camera.” You pointed to it and he looked up at it. “Relax, it doesn’t work. No one ever comes in this room.” “I saw it blink…” “It’s probably broken. I’ve never had a problem with it. It’s okay, princess, no one saw us.” “I swear it blinked. I feel like someone is watching.” You didn’t realize that someone was watching. “Shhhh. It’s fine. You’re safe with me and we’re alone,” he said, stroking your hair to calm you. You leaned into his touch. You didn’t want to say goodbye. You were a little uncomfortable, so you stood up on shaky legs and dressed yourself. He also stood up and began to dress himself. “You alright? I didn’t hurt you, did I?” “No. I’m fine. I…just…” “Shhh. It’s okay, darling. We’ll continue this pow-wow in two weeks, okay? Nothing to worry about,” he said, buttoning his shirt underneath his uniform jacket. He came over to you and stroked your arms to comfort you. You nodded, but you still felt uncomfortable. The thought of being watched was terrifying to you. “Why don’t you go walk around the ship a little? Maybe go and practice some techniques in a training room? I think you should try to calm down a little before you go home.” “Yeah, I think you’re right,” you said. You knew you’d have to say goodbye. You gave him one final hug before you made your way to a private training room. ____________________________________________ When you arrived, you started to practice techniques that your Master had shown you. After some time, you heard a small beep. You went to check your datapad and you noticed a message. When you opened it, you noticed it was from General Hux. “Y/N, please report to my office at your earliest convenience.” General B. Hux You were confused why the general would want you, but you didn’t want to keep him waiting. You proceeded to his private office. You knocked on the door and the doors whooshed open. You saw him sitting at his desk. His chair swiveled around to face you. “Hello, Y/N. How are you?” “Hello, sir. I’m doing well.” “That’s good. How is life at home?” You were confused by all the questions, but you didn’t want to be rude. “Fine, sir. I was just about to go home actually.” “Interesting…” He moved closer to you, very slowly. You stared into his eyes and you were confused. He came very close to you and his hand skimmed the side of your arm. You felt your arm tingle. “Do you like Orion?” he said quietly. You cleared your throat. “Um, yes, I do.” He started to stroke your cheek and you felt a tingle. “Please, sir, don’t touch me,” you said quietly, but made no movements. “Shhhh, don’t speak.” You stared into his icy green eyes. You were nervous. His arms moved to the small of your back. You jumped a little and he grabbed your opposite arm with his other hand. You wanted to run, but you felt like you were frozen. “So, why did he turn down the job? Hmmm? Did you have something to do with it?” “He – he wanted to be closer to our family, s – s – sir. Please, please don’t touch me.” “Shhh, don’t fight me, Y/N.” Your breathing had quickened and you were getting nervous. He brushed a strand of hair from your face, his fingers skimming across your cheek, and down your neck. “He’s been acting… strange lately. Seems to be fantasizing. I can only imagine it’s about you. I can see why.” His eyes drifted all over your body. His hand slowly skimmed down your side. He touched a small part of your breasts and you jumped at the touch. He grinned as he did so. “Do you think it was a good choice for your family? I think he’d be happier up here. You’d look more extravagant with the extra money he’d make. I can picture the gorgeous dresses he could purchase for you. Mmmm, you’d look amazing.” “Please, no,” you said, getting angry. You shoved his hand away from your side. “No, the decision is final. We appreciate the offer, but he’s made his decision. I must leave.” He chuckled. His hands held both of your shoulders. “You’re not going anywhere, Y/N. Take her away.” Two stormtroopers appeared and grabbed both of your arms, forcing them behind your back. “Let me go! Leave me alone!” You tried to fight against them. They fastened your hands in binders and led you away. _________________________________________________ The ‘troopers led you into a small room. You recognized it immediately. It was a reconditioning room. You heard what reconditioning did to a person and you feared the worst. They ordered you to sit and you felt them restrain your arms and legs. The chair wasn’t uncomfortable, but having yourself restrained added to the stress and fear you felt inside you. Your heart was pounding inside your chest. General Hux entered the room, allowing the ‘troopers to stand guard outside. You wriggled in the chair, trying to escape, but you were held down tightly. He came next to you and a machine was put next to your head. You couldn’t move your head after he fastened it to you. “Why are you doing this? Let me go!” “No.” You stared into his cold eyes. “You need to be punished, Y/N.” “What do you mean? What did I do?” He came up to you, slamming his hands on the chair, and making you jump. “You knew your husband was sending information to the Resistance! Don’t lie to me!” “I – I didn’t know. Please, let me go. I can talk to him.” “Too late, sweetheart. He was reconditioned fifteen minutes ago. You’ll receive the same punishment. He’s resting in the medbay and you’ll be staying in my quarters. You’re mine. You froze. John was reconditioned. He would never remember you or Aurora. Your heart broke. There had to be a mistake. Your blood started to boil. Your instincts wanted to fight, but your body was frozen. You looked into his cold, evil eyes. “I’ll never be yours. John is my husband and Aurora is my child. I don’t want a future with you.” “We don’t always get what we want. I’ve just received word that Orion was attacked. Every home was burned to the ground on my order, including yours.” “What?!” “It had to be done. Yes, it was a difficult decision. But your husband’s actions allowed this.” “Where’s my daughter?” “Dead.” Your heart stopped. “She – she can’t be… not Aurora.” “Every person on that planet was destroyed. Your husband chose to refuse my offer, so the whole planet paid for his betrayal. Your daughter was on the planet and she was killed.” Tears streamed down your cheeks. Your whole body was numb. Your entire life was now a shattered reality. You would never return to your previous life. Everything you knew would change. “Now, after this is over, I will allow you time to rest. The first two days will be the hardest, but after a couple weeks you will return to training.” “Does Master Ren know anything about what you’re doing?” “No, he doesn’t.” He grinned. “Only I know. If you’re a good girl, I’ll make sure your rest time is double what I would normally allow. Are you ready?” “Please, please, I’ll do anything. Please.” “Don’t listen to her,” he said to a nearby technician. “Start the machine.” “No!” It was too late. The machine activated and you immediately felt the pressure and the pain. A white dress. The veil ran down your bare back. You stared into the mirror, seeing your reflection, and feeling like the prettiest girl on the planet. That reflection soon faded and all you saw was blackness. John was on top of you, kissing you hungrily. His lips trailed to your neck and he lightly kissed your most sensitive areas. You were laying on a giant bed, away from all the troubles of the world. Until you noticed him fading away, like paper being torn apart. Another memory gone. A cry screamed into a room, as you saw a baby being carried away. You were in a bed and he was beside you, talking softly to you as your baby was being cleaned up. You held her in your arms and gazed at her eyes. The memory faded and you couldn’t remember your daughter or her name. The pain grew more intense as all your memories were pulled away. You forgot everything about your husband, from how you two first met, to your final love making just a few hours ago. Your daughter never existed in your mind. Your husband never existed. You were officially reconditioned. Your head throbbed as they removed the machine. You heard a voice speak, but you weren’t sure who it was at first. “I’ll carry her to my quarters. I want no disturbances for the next few days. I need to take care of her and make sure she is healthy. If Ren asks, she is ill and needs to rest. I’ll speak to him later if needed.” “Yes, sir,” you heard the technician say and you felt yourself being lifted into the arms of a red-headed young man. You knew who he was, you just didn’t know his name. You hadn’t forgotten the General or your Master. You remembered the Knights of Ren and your training. However, everything else was fuzzy. Your head was pounding and you rested it comfortably against the man’s chest. You were exhausted. You noticed that he carried you into a room. You assumed it was his quarters. You felt him place you comfortably on a soft bed. “Shhh. Rest, sweetheart,” he said softly. “That’s a good girl.” Your eyes became heavy and soon closed. You were so exhausted and you drifted off into sleep. Notes: Thanks once again to my lovely beta BregoBeauty. I've probably sent her numerous ideas for this story, yet she continues to make me think. I have no evidence to support reconditioning. I ended up using an idea that BregoBeauty used in her story, "Redemption and Ruin," so I'm giving her credit for that. We're not sure what happens in reconditioning, so we did our best to recreate it. I don't believe anything has become canon as far as what happens, so we did our best :) Thank you to all who have left kudos, written comments, and bookmarked my story. Even if you've only looked at my story, it means a lot! :) Just to clarify, I know that Hux's name is Armitage. When I wrote the story, I didn't know his name had become canon and I decided to stick with Bren. I honestly prefer Bren, but if I write future fics, I'll try to use his real name. :) I will be going on vacation this weekend. I leave Thursday morning with my friend and I return Saturday night. I will try to have a chapter up on Thursday or Friday, but if not we will wait until Monday. :) Thanks again, guys! You all rock! Chapter 7 : Confusion Notes: Fun fact: This was the very first chapter that I wrote for this story. Hope you enjoy! :) (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) You wished you could fall back into unconsciousness, especially since the pain in your head was growing. You had no recollection of what happened, but you were certain something was wrong. You slowly sat up, pushing yourself up until you were propped up on your elbows, but you felt very weak and sore. Your memories were no more. You could remember your name and a few other things, but not your past. You saw movement and a ginger-colored cat jumped on the bed and curled up next to you. You jumped when it came near you. You weren’t sure if the creature would hurt you. "Her name is Millicent,” a voice said. Startled, you looked into the eyes of a man. He was tall and handsome, with ginger hair and green eyes. What was his name again? You weren’t sure. Your head throbbed, making it difficult to think. "May - may I touch her?" you asked. He nodded and you carefully stroked her fur. You felt her purr under your touch and a small smile formed on your lips. "How are you feeling, Y/N?" Your eyes met his. He knew your name? You felt stupid for thinking that, but everything was so confusing. "Very tired, sir. Weak. Sore. I'm not sure what is happening to me." "You may call me Bren," he said calmly. "Oh, okay... Bren." You felt a little nervous around him. You bit your lip and looked around the room. You were laying in his bed. It was decorated with bright crimson sheets and many luxurious pillows. The sheets were soft and cool underneath you. "Do you remember what happened this afternoon?” he asked. "No, my head hurts and I feel so strange. What happened to me?" you asked quietly. “You were reconditioned to forget the terrible things that happened to you. It was the only way. I was entrusted to take care of you until you are well enough to train. You’re safe with me.” He was closer to you now and you felt him carefully lower you on your back so you were lying on the bed again. His touch was calming and soothing. “But I still don’t understand,” you said quietly. "Shhh. Just rest. We don't need to discuss it now." You felt yourself becoming tired. Just the whispers of his words could lull you to sleep. You felt him kiss your forehead. He sat next to you on the bed and you could feel the warmth that radiated from him. You didn’t notice that he removed something from his pocket. You felt a small prick in your arm before the blackness took over. _____________________________________ When you woke the pain in your head was gone, but you could feel your body becoming numb. Laying on a bed for several hours was not something you enjoyed. Training and fighting, the adrenaline pumping through your veins, your heart racing, and the heat from your red lightsaber could keep you excited for hours. You felt strange though. It was like something was keeping your body relaxed and your mind confused. Training with your Master, Kylo Ren, had been a challenge as a Knight of Ren, but it was also rewarding. You remembered most of what he taught and you remembered each knight that you had worked with personally. You felt the bed dip next to you and Bren sat, stroking your hair, which felt very calming. "Hello, dear. How did you sleep?" "Very well, Bren. Thank you." You looked into his green eyes and a smile formed. You knew he cared about you but you weren't sure why. He was a busy man and yet he took time to care for you personally. He curled up next to you and you felt his body press against yours. He felt warm and soft; his uniform jacket was clean and tidy, free from wrinkles or stains of any kind. He was very careful with how he presented himself. You liked that he cared about his appearance. He sat you up and you let out a small whimper as you felt a stabbing pain. "Shhh, I'm here," he reassured. You felt your body lean against him, your head resting on his chest while he held you in his arms. It felt nice to feel comfort and warmth from anyone, but especially a top General who was extremely powerful. Why would he care so much about you? You were just one Knight of Ren out of several. Yes, you were the only female, but you had trained so hard and were busy yourself. “You’re so beautiful, my girl,” he whispered to you. His com-link buzzed and he growled. “What?" "Sir, Master Ren wishes to speak with you,” an officer said over the com-link. "Tell him to come to my private quarters." "Yes, sir." He reattached the com-link on his belt and you could barely see the glimmer that shone off of it. He kept everything polished and clean and you felt a small feeling growing in your stomach. Something about him gave you a strange feeling and you liked it. "Sorry about that," he replied sharply. "It's okay," you said softly, not wanting to upset him further. "Master Ren will be joining us soon. I'm sure he'll want to check on you and your progress. I told him you were ill and that I would be taking care of you. However, do not mention reconditioning. Lie and say you're fine. He doesn't need to know that information. Do you understand?" "I don't -" "Do... you... understand?" he said loudly. Afraid of upsetting him further, you nodded your head in agreement. "Yes, sir, I understand." "Good girl," he praised and kissed your lips. The tingle sent shivers down your spine and you softly moaned into the kiss. He pulled back and climbed off the bed, straightening his jacket and pants to look presentable. A knock sounded at the door and he left the room quickly to answer it. Your Master appeared in the doorway and looked at you, his helmet still attached to his face. You heard a slight hiss as you saw him remove the mask, revealing the man underneath all that metal. Your eyes widened and all you could do was stare at the human before you. All you could do was take in the sight of him. You were fairly certain you had never seen his face before, especially not while you were training. His face was very soft, but his eyes could pierce through your very soul. His dark hair fell in waves and covered his ears. His eyes showed care and concern, but he made no move to touch you. After all, you had been through a lot the past few days according to the General. You had to set any feelings aside, especially attraction. To who, you weren’t sure. “How are you feeling, Lady Ren?” he addressed. “Fine, sir. I feel a lot better.” “Do you have any pain?” You glanced at Bren briefly, but he gave you a cold look. “No, sir,” you lied. You didn’t want to anger the General. “Very well then. I am eager to train with you soon.” “I am eager to train again, Master.” He nodded and asked the General to speak with him privately. You saw Bren glance at you. “Stay here,” he ordered, while following your Master into another room. The door shut with a hiss and you were alone. You took the time to appreciate the fine sheets that lay before you. The room was cool and it was easy to breathe in the fresh air. The training rooms did not always provide adequate air supply and while you were training, it was really important that you didn’t pass out. Twenty minutes later, or so you assumed, he came back and sat next to you again. He had a cold look on his face, but seeing you made him soften a little. You could tell he had argued with your Master. He ran his fingers through your hair and leaned in to kiss your cheek. You stayed perfectly still as his lips touched your cold cheek, making his touch feel warm. You could feel a tingle through your body which made you shiver. Your arousal was increasing, but you knew it wasn’t the time to be thinking about that. After all, you barely knew him, at least that you remembered. You felt his fingers stroke your cheek as he turned your head to gaze into his soft, green eyes. He slowly leaned in, his fingers touching your other cheek, while he pulled you in for another kiss. You eagerly accepted and you kissed him back, running your hands through his ginger hair, which made a small growl escape from the back of his throat. You tugged on his hair a little which made the growl grow louder and deeper. The sound made your lips smile into the kiss. He laid you slowly on the bed, his arms stroking your sides, and making you gasp underneath him. He began to suck and nip at your collarbone when a knock sounded at the door. “Damn it,” he muttered. You panted underneath him and for a brief second he glanced at you, while making his way to the door. When he returned, he grabbed his jacket, and started to leave. You didn’t say anything. You watched him leave and the door locked behind him. You were once again alone with your thoughts of what just happened. The general was in love with you. Were you in love with him? Notes: I am so excited because I'll be meeting my lovely beta, BregoBeauty, in October! :D Thanks to Brego for being the most awesome evil twin ever! Mwuahahahaha! I promise that things will become a little better for the Reader, but first it's going to be rough. Hux is not going to improve I'm afraid, but Kylo has been keeping some secrets... My friend and I are going to the Kentucky Horse Park today, so it should be a lot of fun! I wish I didn't have to go home tomorrow, but I'm excited for my October trip which will give me a little more time off :) Thank you all for reading, reviewing, and leaving kudos! :) Chapter 8 : Fear Summary: General Hux lays down some rules for the Reader, who is starting to question if she truly loves him. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The next two days were the same. You would wake up with the general lying next to you, his arms wrapped around you. His breathing was always slow and steady until he woke. He would growl as he rose from his bed. Most mornings you would wake and he would talk to you softly, telling you he would be back soon, and to stay in bed. Other mornings you would wait until he left before rising out of bed to explore the room. You realized that the room was locked every time he left, giving you no chance of leaving. At night, he would crawl next to you and whisper how beautiful you were. His words would send chills down your spine. You felt safe next to him even though he had a temper at times. He would sometimes come in the room angry and wanting you to wrap yourself around him and soothe him. Every time you did so, he would praise you for being good. You liked being praised and when he kissed you it only added to your arousal. One morning you woke and noticed he was in the ‘fresher. You stayed in the bed, still a little sore from reconditioning. You stretched in the bed, feeling the cold sheets underneath you. Suddenly, the sheets were pulled down your body to reveal your purple nightgown that he had dressed you in. You saw him climb over you, still waking up from sleep. He kissed your temple and stroked his hands down your body, making you gasp. He nipped at your collarbone and your breathing became more rapid. Out of the corner of your eye, you saw the ginger-haired cat come from another room and she meowed to get your attention. She jumped on the bed and came close to you. You hesitated to touch her. You didn’t want to upset the general. He climbed off you and sat next to you, watching the orange tabby who was curled up next to you. “Am I allowed to touch her?” you asked quietly. He scowled at you. “Only in my presence, Y/N.” “What if she comes near me while you are gone?” “Ignore her. I don’t want you messing up one of my prizes.” “Yes, sir,” you said quietly. “Come here, Millicent,” he ordered and the cat rose from her position on the bed and went into his arms. You watched him stroke her hair and you longed to touch it yourself, but you hesitated. You were starting to get hungry. “Is there any food, sir? I’m really hungry.” “It’s not time for a meal, Y/N. You will have to wait.” “Perhaps a small snack? Something to soothe my stomach?” “No!” he shouted at you, which caused you to jump. You didn’t dare ask any more questions about food, no matter how hungry you were. “I’m sorry, I won’t ask again,” you whispered. You felt him smack your cheek and you whimpered. He grabbed you by the jaw and forced you to look into his eyes. “Don’t make me break your neck,” he growled at you. “Remember that no one except me cares about you. Don’t make me regret putting you in my care.” “I’m – I’m – I’m sorry, sir. Please, I’ll behave. Please.” You felt him pull you into his arms, as he rubbed your back, and stroked your hair. He softly talked to you. “I didn’t mean it, dear. You are so beautiful. My special girl.” You felt yourself wanting his touch and comfort as he sat next to you. You leaned against him and slowly relaxed. It must have pleased him to see you very calm because you felt him gently kiss your head. He praised you as you laid in his arms. “Good girl, such a good girl. My beautiful Y/N.” “Sir, I’m still a little sore.” “I’ll get you something to help with the pain.” He went into the ‘fresher and came back with a bottle of medicine. He poured a little on a spoon and carefully handed the spoon to you. You put the spoon in your mouth. The medicine tasted horrible, but you swallowed it regardless. He took the pillows and arranged them against the headboard so you could sit up and relax. “Thank you,” you said. He nodded and went to a nearby desk. “I need to finish something, Y/N, so stay quiet while I work.” “Yes, General,” you said quietly. You pulled the covers over you to keep warm and you noticed Millicent had curled up next to you. You looked up at the general, but you didn’t want to disturb him, so you carefully stroked her fur. She purred next to you and you smiled. She was a beautiful cat and you understood why he loved her. You found yourself kneeling down to rub your nose against her fur, which gave you a happy feeling. It tickled your nose and you loved it. That feeling was short, as you felt your hair being yanked, and you were thrown back onto the bed. “I told you not to touch her!” he shouted. “I’m – I’m sorry! Please, don’t hurt me.” Millicent quickly jumped off the bed and ran into another room. He forced you off the bed. You stood on your shaky legs and he spoke harshly to you. “I think it’s time you learned your place and most importantly the rules of staying with me. You will not leave this room, period. If you do, I will have you dragged back here and you will be punished. You may not touch my cat. Leave her alone.” He glared into your eyes and you couldn’t move. “You will wear what I pick out for you. I’ve found some beautiful gowns that you will wear. When dinner comes, I expect you to look presentable. It is my only time to eat with you and I expect you to look like my woman.” He went into the closet and picked out one of the gowns. It was a long dress and you didn’t think it looked hideous. It was black and he handed it to you. You went into the ‘fresher to put it on. When you came out, you saw him stare at you. You wanted to cover yourself, but you knew he wouldn’t allow it. The dress material was so thin that you could see your skin through it. He came over to you and put his arms on your waist. You jumped at his touch. He slowly leaned in and kissed you on the lips. You returned the kiss passionately, mostly out of fear. “Good girl,” he praised. “One more thing, you will not speak to anyone about what happens here. In fact, you are not to talk to anyone besides Master Ren and I. You will not tell your Master what occurs in this room. If you do, I will hurt you. I will not tolerate betrayal. Is that clear?” “Yes, sir. It is clear.” “You will refer to me as General or Sir in public. If you say my first name, you will be punished. I think it sounds good on your lips, but it’s only for me. You are mine . You will respect and obey me. When I tell you to do something, you will not question me. When you train, you will wear the outfit that Ren wants you to wear. I will have him come and get you for training, so you don’t leave my room without permission.” “Yes, General,” you said softly. You heard a knock at the door and the general went to answer it. Your Master appeared in the doorway and you got nervous. Did he overhear anything? You noticed him staring at the dress that you were wearing. You felt embarrassed that he saw you like this. “Hello, Y/N. It’s good to see you again.” “Hello, sir.” “How are you feeling? Will you be ready to train soon?” “Yes, sir. I feel much better.” “Excellent. Shall we train tomorrow? Say at nine sharp? I’ll come here to accompany you.” “Yes, sir. That sounds wonderful.” “Good. I will see you then.” You nodded and he left the room after glancing at the general. You were eager to train again. You needed to let out some anger and, most importantly, you wanted some time away from the general. Notes: Thanks to all my amazing readers! I really appreciate your comments and critique! :) I had an amazing vacation. Very sad that it was short, but we had a lot of fun. We had good weather and the travel wasn't too bad. :) Thanks for leaving me kudos, comments, and sharing my story! I appreciate it :) Come say hi on Tumblr - meganthewriter <3 Chapter 9 : Suspicion Summary: Kylo Ren starts to question the Reader... Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) As you walked to the training room, you were happy to be in your training outfit instead of the revealing dresses you were required to wear. The general kept the room cold so you were forced to snuggle with him to keep warm. At times, you enjoyed feeling the warmth from him, but you realized you were more terrified. You had disobeyed him several times and you had the bruises to prove it. You reached the training room and your Master was waiting. The general had allowed you to walk to the room this time, since your Master had been in an important meeting. His mask was off, which surprised you. "Hello, Y/N. How are you?" "I’m doing well, Master." He came over to you and lifted up the sleeve of your shirt. He noticed a few bruises on your upper arm and you became uncomfortable. You wished he hadn’t seen them. You knew if you told him, the general would be angry at you. "Are you okay? These bruises look bad." "Oh, I – um – I had an accident, sir. Nothing major. I’m okay." "Are you sure, Y/N?" "Please, sir, I wish to train. Please," you said, trying to change the subject. He could tell something was wrong, but he didn’t say anything. He handed you a practice lightsaber. There was a special ring attached to the hilt. It created a barrier that allowed you to hit each other, without either of you losing a limb. He put his mask on and you heard him speak through the modulator. "Now, I want you to attack me like last time. Be observant. Don’t let your guard down. Now, attack." You lunged at him and he blocked you. You weren’t scared of him. You had trained with him for years and he taught you a lot. You tried to strike his shoulder, but he knocked you to the ground. You found yourself struggling to stop him from striking your chest. Your lightsaber clashed with his, sending sparks flying from his weapon. His weapon was dangerous and unpredictable. You simply thought it would explode. You were on your back and he tried to push his lightsaber closer to your chest. Your muscles ached, but adrenaline kept pumping through your veins. You sprung up and kicked him, raising your lightsaber in the air as you tried to strike him. He blocked you, but the sudden shock of you stopping him caused him to show fear through his eyes. You knocked him to the ground and his lightsaber rolled away from him. "Finish me, Y/N. Do it." You didn’t hesitate and you struck his chest. He grunted and held his chest where you hit him. You were concerned. You weren’t sure if you should help him up. You stood there waiting for orders. He sat up, removed his mask, and looked into your eyes. You saw a gleam in his eye. "Very good. You didn’t hesitate. I am proud of you." He stood up and took the lightsaber from you, putting it back on the rack nearby. "I think that’ll be all for today. You are dismissed." You stood there and you felt your body becoming numb. You wanted to train more. You wanted to feel more adrenaline. You didn’t want to go back to the general. Not yet. "Sir, is there anything I can do for you?" you asked. He glanced at you with a questioning look. "Why do you ask, Y/N?" You felt embarrassed. You should’ve stayed silent. "Never mind, sir. I was just wondering." You started to leave the room when you felt a hand on your shoulder. "I – I’m sorry. Are you sure you’re okay? You look upset." He could tell something was bothering you. Shit. You had to fake it. You had to be strong. "I’m fine, sir. Thank you for the lesson." You walked back to the general’s room. When you entered, you noticed he had left a grey dress on the table for you to put on. You went into the ‘fresher and fixed your hair as well. You put on a little of the makeup that he left out for you, but you didn’t like it. The mascara that you were required to wear irritated your eyes. The foundation you wore felt greasy on your skin and you hated it. You felt uneasy knowing he would be back soon. You knew that dinner would be served soon and you felt very hungry. You sat on the chair in the corner and waited. You stared at the datapad on the table, but you were afraid to pick it up. You knew the general did not give you permission. You heard it beep and you reached for it. You stopped yourself from touching it and drew your hand back. It beeped again and you were curious. After a third beep, you couldn’t resist. You picked it up and turned on the screen. You noticed you had messages. You glanced up at the door to make sure the general wasn’t standing there. You glanced back down at the screen as you opened the messages. You saw Kylo Ren was messaging you. Did you dare answer? "Good work today, Y/N. I would like to speak with you. Please meet me for dinner in my quarters. I will deal with the general. If you are able, come now." You looked down at the dress you were wearing and decided it was too fancy for the commander. You changed back into your training outfit, but you left your hair down. Before leaving the room, you glanced down each hallway, making sure the general didn’t notice you. When you reached the commander’s quarters, you knocked. A few moments later, the door opened. "Hello, Lady Ren. It’s a pleasure." You noticed his mask was off and you could look into his dark eyes more closely. "Thank you for the invitation, sir." "Please, come in." He gestured for you to enter and you did. His room was similar to the general’s, but you noticed his bed was bigger. His sheets were your favorite color and you noticed that his curtains were also the same. You noticed a small table in the middle of the room with two chairs. You saw he had prepared a meal for you both. He extended his hand and you took it. He led you to the table and pulled out the chair for you. You sat and he helped you scoot closer to the table. You looked down at the plate. There was a small piece of meat, some vegetables, and a piece of bread. You had the urge to taste it, but you patiently waited for the knight across from you to sit. "Please, eat," he said. You picked up your utensil and took a small bite. He did the same and you savored the taste. The meat was cooked well. The vegetables added color to the dish. The bread was warm and fresh. "How has the general been treating you?" You gulped. Did you dare tell him anything? You could hear the general’s voice inside your head. "You will not tell your Master what occurs in this room. If you do, I will hurt you. I will not tolerate betrayal. Is that clear?” "Everything has been wonderful, sir," you replied, looking down at your plate as you spoke. "Are you sure?" he asked. You looked into his eyes and could see a hint of uncertainty. "Yes," you said, trying to smile a little. "How is the food?" he asked, changing the subject. "It’s very good, sir. Very delicious." "I’m glad. I hoped you would like it." After you finished eating, you sat and talked about The First Order and the plans that they had. You knew the general was working on a new weapon, but you weren’t allowed to hear the plans. Your Master asked about your training. He wanted to know if you felt safe and protected while with the knights. You felt like you belonged with the knights. They were like a family to you, something you didn’t have. He brought out a small dessert, but you felt like you should be getting back. "Thank you, sir. It looks delicious, but I should be getting back." "Are you sure? I messaged the General letting him know you were here. I’m sure he wouldn’t mind if you stayed for dessert." As much as you wanted to taste the sweet dessert, you were more worried about the General and his temper. "Thank you for dinner, sir. It was wonderful. I appreciate it." "You’re welcome. I hope to do this again. You look great by the way." "Thank you, Master." You grabbed the jacket that you had brought with you and scurried out the door. You quickly walked back to the general’s room. As you entered, you noticed him sitting on a chair. He glared at you as you walked in. "Where have you been, Y/N?" You stopped breathing. Did Master Ren not tell him? "Master Ren said he messaged you. I was with him." "He did, but I want to know what happened." You took a deep breath. "We had dinner, sir. Just dinner. I told him I needed to come back after he offered dessert." He walked up to you and his hands rested on your shoulders. He moved his hands down your sides so they wrapped around your waist. He chuckled. "You wanted to see me again, didn’t you? Dinner didn’t go the way you wanted? Hmmm?" His eyes drifted up and down your body. "No, sir," you lied. He grinned. "Very good. Now, go into the ‘fresher and put on the nightgown I picked out for you." He pecked your cheek and sent you away. You went into the ‘fresher and prepared for bed. You put on the nightgown. The top of the gown was thin strapped and covered your breasts, but still showed plenty of cleavage for the general to gaze on. The bottom was covered in lace and very see through. You felt so exposed, but you didn’t want to upset him. As you came out of the ‘fresher, you noticed he was laying in the bed and he motioned for you to join him. He couldn’t take his eyes off your body as you laid next to him. He wrapped his arms around you. His hand found your breast and he squeezed it through the thin material. He kissed your nape as he spooned you from behind. Moments later he fell asleep, his hand still holding your breast. You were exhausted from training and from the fear, so you soon followed. Notes: I've had so much fun video chatting with my beta the last few days. She is so amazing and I'm so glad I have her as a friend <3 If you love Reylo stories, you'll love "Redemption and Ruin," by BregoBeauty. I recommend it. I've been seeing comments from new readers and I smile every time I read them! Thank you all so much for your support. It means a lot! <3 Chapters will now be posted on Mondays and Thursdays. If I cannot post a chapter on one of those days, I will try to have it up the next day if possible. Thanks so much to all my readers! Also, in this chapter it talked about a hilt attached to the lightsaber. I did not come up with that idea. I read about it in another fic and I cannot remember which one it was, so if you know the fic or the author, please let me know and I will credit them. Chapter 10 : Control Summary: General Hux continues to treat the Reader poorly... :( Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) You woke the next morning to the general kissing your lips. You were still half asleep and you had woken up twice during the night feeling scared. He had tried to calm you by kissing you and whispering to you. You felt your body respond to him, but you weren’t sure how you felt about him. He moved his lips to your neck and you whimpered. He slapped you across the cheek. You shut your eyes tightly as you tried to deal with the pain. “Shut up,” he said. “Learn to respect me.” He caressed your cheek and rubbed it softly. “I’m so sorry, darling. I didn’t mean it. It’s okay.” You felt tears roll down your cheeks. He wiped them away with his glove and gave a disgusted look as he tossed them to the ground. “You’ll owe me another pair of gloves, but don’t worry. I’ll take it out of your pay.” You nodded and he pulled you close to him. “That’s a good girl.” This behavior continued for days. He would treat you with kindness and the next minute he would hit you. There were days he would come home from working on the bridge and he would let out his anger on you. He told you that you made him angry. After he hit you he came and apologized, stroking your hair, and kissing you to make you feel better. You became so used to it that you loved the attention. You knew he would hit you, but you knew love would come afterward. Most of the time he would treat you very kindly. He would buy you extravagant gifts. Perfumes, jewelry, and expensive accessories to compliment you. The general was working at his desk one night. He gave you the datapad to use so you would be quiet. However, you had a question for him. “Sir?” His piercing eyes looked at you. “What?” “Can you tell me about my family?” He stood up and walked over to where you were sitting. You thought he would hurt you for disturbing him. However, he touched your shoulder and rubbed it gently. “What do you wish to know?” “Well… do I have family?” “I’m afraid you don’t. Even if you did, your family doesn’t care about you.” “What about my parents?” “Your mother died giving birth to you. You didn’t have a father.” “How is that possible?” you asked. “You were a child of the Force. You didn’t have a father. You were rescued by First Order personnel and taken to a special camp, where you were trained from birth.” “Oh. But how did I come to know you?” “Well, you met someone else. But he was cruel to you. In fact, he starved you. Beat you. Left you for dead several times. You should be grateful I rescued you. I made sure he would never bother you again. He forced himself on you a few years ago. You had a daughter with him. Unfortunately, she died from illness. I tried to save her, but there was no cure. I was the only one who came to your rescue. I nursed you back to health and cared for you. We fell in love and you agreed to be my wife.” He softly rubbed your back and you leaned against him. “But you would wake up from terrible nightmares. You could see him lurking in the shadows ready to hurt you. You became so terrified that I had to recondition you. I won’t go into detail, but you are better off without him. Better without your daughter as well.” He stood up from the bed and grabbed his jacket. “I have to go to a meeting now, so you need to stay here and rest. You’ll be safe here. Remember, I’m the only one who loves you. Okay?” You were in shock from the information he told you, but you nodded your head. He kissed you on the forehead and left for his meeting. You thought about what he said. No one except him loved you. No one. You were married to him, but you weren’t sure you loved him. You needed to think, so you decided to leave the room. You noticed that he didn’t lock the door this time, so you stepped out into the hall. You strode down the halls until you reached a room. You noticed it was a flight simulation room. Several pilots were testing the machines, trying to destroy enemy ships. You watched with fascination and continued on. Another room caused you to stop as you watched one of your fellow knights train with your Master. You didn’t stay for long, fearing that your Master would see you. You passed by several other rooms but you didn’t notice anything in particular. You decided you should go back to the room. If the general caught you, you would get in trouble. You walked back to the room and felt a hand touch your shoulder. “Hi, Lady Ren. What are you doing?” You looked into the eyes of an officer. He was young and handsome, but you needed to get back to the room. “I was just going back to my quarters.” “Oh. I’m Officer Davis. I knew your husband, John. We used to work together. I thought maybe we could train, just like old times.” “You’re an officer. You don’t train. No, I – I can’t…” “Oh, c’mon. Just for a few minutes?” “No, I need to go back to the room.” “Why?” “I just do. Please, leave me alone.” He kept asking you but you refused. You tried walking away, but he would follow you. Then when you turned to scream at him, you noticed the general walking toward you. You froze. He grabbed the officer by the coat and flung him against the wall. “What are you doing to her?” he growled. “I – I – I was just…” “Trying to steal her from me? Hmmm?” “I – I – I didn’t know, sir.” “You didn’t know? YOU DIDN’T KNOW?” he shouted. He grabbed the officer by the neck. “If you EVER talk to her again, I will kill you! Now, leave! I never want to see you here again!” The officer ran down the hall and the general watched him. He turned to look at you and you got nervous. “Come with me,” he said sternly. He dragged you by the arm to his quarters. He threw you to the floor and held you down. “What did you tell him? Hmmm?” “Nothing, s – s – s –sir…” He slapped you across the face. “WHAT DID YOU TELL HIM?” You trembled underneath him. “Did you ask him to take care of you? You think you can betray me? I should just throw you away like the trash you are. You’re no good to me anymore.” “Please, sir. He asked me to train with him and I tried to say no. He kept following me and then you came.” He glared into your eyes. “Why should I believe you? You left the room without permission.” “Please, sir. I never meant any disrespect. Please, don’t hurt me.” He continued to stare at you as you shed tears. He started to rub your arms and he pulled you against his body. He hugged you and rubbed your back. “I’m so sorry, baby. I didn’t mean it. I thought I would lose you. Oh, sweetie. I love you so much. I got jealous when I saw you with him. I thought he would do terrible things to you.” You shook in his arms, but he soothed you with his touch. After a few minutes, you slowly relaxed into his arms. He kissed your cheek and you felt him smile against it. He nuzzled your neck and you took a deep breath. You knew that he cared about you and everything would be okay. He stroked your cheek and looked into your eyes as he lifted your head. “I love you, baby. My good girl.” You were still in shock, but you responded to him out of fear. “I love you, too, Bren.” Notes: Thanks so much to BregoBeauty for being understanding when I'm having a rough day. <3 Thanks to all my awesome readers! Thanks for all the kudos and the comments! :) Chapter 11 : Scared Summary: Kylo Ren tries to help the reader, but General Hux won't allow her to be away from him... Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) “You’re not focused, Y/N. Now, attack.” You were in the middle of training with Master Ren. You were exhausted. You couldn’t focus. The General kept you up at night, kissing you, and playing with your breasts. You’d tell him to stop and he would hit you. You had more bruises on your arms and you tried to hide them from your Master. “I’m sorry,” you said. You sprung at him with your weapon but he easily blocked you. He struck your leg and you fell on your knees. He aimed his saber at your neck. “You’d be dead,” he said. You looked up at him with embarrassment evident on your face. He could probably see the dark circles under your eyes, so he knew you weren’t sleeping. “I – I think that’s enough for today,” he said. He took the practice weapon from you and put it safely on one of the racks. You stood up on shaky legs and you started to walk out of the room when – “Stop.” You paused and turned to face him. He came up to you slowly and lifted your arm bands, exposing your bruises. They had turned dark purple and were large. You stared at the floor. “Who did this to you?” he asked. You didn’t look at him or speak to him. You stared at the floor. “Y/N, please tell me who did this.” “It was an accident, sir. I fell again. I promise I’m okay.” “These bruises look recent.” You wanted to tell him, but the general was firm on keeping everything a secret. “I’m fine, sir. Please, I should be getting back,” you said quietly. You were getting angry that he was asking so many questions. “It was the general, wasn’t it? He’s been hurting you.” You froze. He knew. “Y/N, please, talk to me.” “Please, I need to go,” you said, trying to push him out of the way. “No, I need you to answer my question.” “Please, sir, I can’t.” “I won’t let you out until you talk,” he said firmly. “Please, you’re one of my knights and I need to know.” You tried to leave, but he would stop you. “Is he hurting you, Y/N?” he asked again, sounding angry. He stood against the door. “Please, I need to go back.” “He is hurting you, isn’t he? He told you if you talk about it, you’ll be punished. Y/N, please, I can protect you. You don’t have to go back.” “I – I need to go. Please, let me out. Please.” You were getting frantic and you were almost in tears. You were afraid of what the general would do to you if you didn’t return soon. He froze. He had expected you to take his offer. You heard a knock on the door and Ren stepped aside to allow the general access. He glared at you and looked at Ren. “Are you trying to hold her hostage, Ren?” “No, I was merely questioning her. I do it with all my knights.” “Questioning her about what?” he growled. “Things,” Ren said. “It’s none of your business.” He continued to glare at him. He came over to you and took your hand in his. “I’ll take it from here, Ren. Leave her alone. She’s mine .” “Wait, allow her to stay with me tonight.” The general held you against him. “You already had her last night. I don’t want to see you for the rest of the night, Ren.” The general led you back to his room. You glanced at your Master before leaving the training room. He looked concerned. You didn’t want your Master to get involved. What happened between you and the general was a secret and you intended to keep it that way. Besides, you couldn’t afford to leave him. You thought about running, but you wouldn’t get very far. He had taken you and protected you. He led you to his quarters. He pushed you up against the wall, slamming the door closed with his boot, and kissed you hungrily. Your breathing quickened, but you wanted to rest. “Please, sir, may I rest? I’m so tired.” “No. You can rest when it’s time for bed. You need to stay awake.” He kissed your neck and nipped at your earlobe. Your lips quivered as you thought about fighting, but you knew he would overpower you. You let him kiss you. He pulled your shirt off, along with the band that covered your breasts. He cupped a breast in one hand and squeezed a little. Your back was pressed against the cold wall. “Mmmm, you feel so good, Y/N.” You closed your eyes, but he slapped you. “Look at me,” he ordered. You watched him as he took one of your nipples into his mouth, sucking and licking the bud. Your eyes started to fill with tears. You just wanted sleep. Your legs were wobbly and you felt yourself falling to the ground. He picked you up in his arms. His head bent down to take the bud into his mouth again and you laid like a doll in his arms. He moved to the other breast and continued to lick and suck. “Fuck, I could do this all night, Y/N.” He carried you into the closet and helped you dress in one of the gowns. You were shaking from exhaustion and you wished you could lie down, just for a minute. “I’ll make us dinner, while you rest a little.” He carried you to the bed and kissed your lips softly, before making his way to the kitchen. You felt sick to your stomach and you wanted to throw up, but you kept it inside you. Your head started to hurt and you longed to close your eyes and sleep. But as you laid there, you found you couldn’t sleep. Your body was craving more of his touch, but you didn’t want it. He came over and laid next to you on the bed. Your eyes kept closing, but he would keep you awake by shaking you. You started to sob and he hit you. You begged for rest, but he wouldn’t allow it. He would stroke your hair and rub your back to comfort you. “Shhhh, it’s okay. You’ll have time to rest tonight. As long as you’re good, I’ll let you sleep. I know what’s best for you, my dear.” He continued to stroke your hair. ”How was training today?” he asked. You couldn’t speak. You were so tired and scared that you felt like you’d faint. “Not going to talk, baby? “I – I – it was good.” “That’s all? I bet you looked so sexy while you trained. Mmm, you look so good in this gown.” He went to check on the food and he set two plates on the table. He came back to you and helped you sit up a little. He extended his hand to lead you to the table. “Shall we eat, my dear?” You nodded your head and he led you to the table. Notes: First of all, thank you to BregoBeauty for being an awesome beta. I sent her a bunch of chapters and she gave me a lot of ideas, so things are going to change a little... but it'll be good and bad. Next chapter will feature a rape scene, so just a heads up for that. I will also post a warning at the beginning just in case. I know I said the reader will get better... it might take time. But I promise, after next chapter she will not be with him any longer. He'll still make appearances throughout the story, but she'll be with someone else. But seriously, my beta gave me a lot to think about, which also means I may have to re-write a bunch of chapters. It may also mean I won't be able to post Mondays and Thursdays like I planned, but I will try to have chapters up on those days. If I don't, I will let you all know via Tumblr. (My username is meganthewriter) Thank you all so much for reading, reviewing, and leaving kudos! <3 Chapter 12 : Violation Summary: WARNING: THIS CHAPTER CONTAINS RAPE AND THOUGHTS OF SUICIDE. VIEWER DISCRETION IS ADVISED. Notes: I'd like to thank BregoBeauty for helping me through this story, especially this chapter. She went through a similar situation, so she was able to offer much insight into this chapter and the chapters that will follow. Thank you, my friend. I am truly honored to be your friend <3 (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) The general led you to the table and had you sit. You sat across from him and ate your meal in silence. The revealing dress he’d chosen earlier made you feel bare. You were sore from training with Master Ren. The general had left his post early and cleared his schedule to be alone with you. As you stood up, you felt dizzy and confused. You felt very tired and you wanted to lay down on the bed. You tried to walk slowly toward the bed, but you felt him grab you. He forcibly led you to the bed and threw you onto it. You landed on your back and he pinned your shoulders down. “What are you doing?” He grabbed your wrists and tied them above your head. You felt him put a pair of binders on them and fasten them to the headboard. You couldn’t move your arms and you were getting scared. “Please, I just want to rest. Please.” He ignored you and took off his shirt. He wasted no time taking off his pants and he slid your dress up your body. He tore the fabric and threw it to the floor. You were now completely naked before him. He climbed over you and held you down. Your mind was fuzzy and you were very confused. It felt like you were in a dream land. He kissed your lips. Although you felt a tingle, it didn’t feel right. He continued kissing your cheeks. He moved down to your neck and collarbone. He slowly licked your neck with his tongue. He nipped at your collarbone and starting biting, leaving marks on your skin. He wanted everyone to know you were his. He wasted no time taking a nipple into his mouth and he sucked and licked the bud. He moved to the other breast and your body trembled. You were so numb you couldn’t move. You knew deep down what was happening, but in your current state you were so confused. He didn’t care and he talked to you softly. “Do you like that, baby? Hmmm? Does it feel good?” His words made you want to throw up. You could feel him kiss your stomach, but to you it didn’t matter. You felt tears going down your cheeks, but you didn’t realize you were crying. You were so exhausted that you couldn’t fight. You couldn’t scream. If you closed your eyes, he would slap you, and tell you to wake up. “Do you really think anyone would hear you? No one will come for you. You are MINE. You’re my little slut. You’re here to please me.” He pulled off his boxers quickly and you caught sight of his erection. “Open your legs,” he commanded. You kept them together as tightly as you could, but you were so exhausted you could feel your muscles aching. He didn’t ask again. He thrust your legs open with his hands. You tried to fight, but your muscles ached. He thrust a finger inside of you and he wasn’t gentle. He inserted another finger and he noticed how you clenched around him. He inserted a third finger and you whimpered, which he enjoyed. “Fuck, you’re ready for me, aren’t you? I’ll give you what you want, sweetie.” You felt him penetrate you and you choked down a sob. He thrust quickly. He didn’t care. All he wanted was you. He didn’t care about your well-being. He only cared about himself. About his pleasure. “Fuck, you feel so good,” he grunted. The next thing you knew, you were lying next to him on the bed. You had passed out and you woke up in his arms. He talked softly to you and you felt yourself becoming faint again. “That’s my good girl. Yes, you’re such a good girl. Such a good baby.” You laid against his chest and could hear his heart beat. You were so tired and confused from the drugs and the shock that the blackness took you. __________________________________________________ The next morning you woke. You were lying naked in the general’s bed. You had a terrible headache and you were confused. You saw marks on your wrists. Everything felt fuzzy. You looked around the room and saw no one. The general must have left you alone. You sat up in the bed and your whole body stung. You felt terrible pain. You felt your body tense as you smelled a familiar aroma. His cologne. His bottle sat on the table next to his bed and you caught a whiff in your nose. Your body started shaking and you suddenly saw him on top of you. You saw him kissing you. Touching you. Playing with your body. You freaked out and wobbled into the ‘fresher. You felt dirty. You could feel dried cum on your thighs. You looked in the mirror. You could see bruises on almost every part of your body. Your face had bruises as well. You saw marks on your neck. Everything started to make sense. You turned on the water, your legs shaking. You waited until it was hot enough for your liking to step inside. You stood under the hot spray and it felt good on your aching muscles. You could see more bruises on your body. He had not been gentle with you last night. You felt dirty. Unclean. Like you weren’t human. You grabbed a washcloth and soap and scrubbed every part of your body. As you scrubbed you could see him on top of you, doing things to you that made you sick to your stomach. You swallowed some bile that came up your throat. You started to cry. You scrubbed as hard as you could until your skin was bright red. The whole time you were crying, you scrubbed every part of your body as hard as you could. When it came to the sensitive areas you were more careful, but it didn’t change how you felt. You still didn’t feel clean. You felt like a toy. You knew he would continue to take advantage of you. You couldn’t do it again. You’d rather die. You climbed out of the shower. You wrapped yourself in a towel and dried off. You dressed in your training outfit. You didn’t care if the general wanted you in a dress. You were not comfortable in it and it reminded you of last night. You put your wet hair in a bun. Your body was trembling and you almost slipped on the floor. You went back into the main room and noticed your lightsaber on the table. You desperately wanted to plunge the lightsaber through his heart. To make him suffer. Watch the light leave his eyes. Your body collapsed onto the ground and you grabbed your knees, pulling them to your body. You backed up against the wall and bawled your eyes out. You felt violated and used. No one would care about what happened. You were stuck with the general. You would always be his play thing. He was too powerful. No one would believe you. Death would be an easy way out. No one would know or care. Your Master could find another knight. You stood up on shaky legs, holding the weapon in your hand. You activated the lightsaber and it hummed. But you couldn’t strike yourself, no matter what you tried. You tried to harm yourself, but you couldn’t. You passed out on the cold floor. You didn’t notice your Master entering the room. You didn’t feel him pick you up in his arms and carry you down the hallway into his room. When you opened your eyes, you felt a cool washcloth on your forehead. Your eyes were blurry and you couldn’t see who sat next to you. You didn’t know where you were. You felt so weak that you couldn’t run or fight. You heard a voice talk softly to you. “Rest, Y/N. You’re safe now.” You saw the mysterious person wave his hand in front of you and the blackness took over. Notes: Very heavy scene. Took me hours to write it and I had to take numerous breaks to calm myself. I have never been abused or raped, but reading stories about people who have was very tough. Hopefully I did okay with writing about it. I apologize if this chapter upsets anyone. I did post a warning at the beginning to clarify. The Reader will be okay. It'll take her time to recover, but she's with someone who cares about her now. Thanks to everyone for reading and reviewing! I really appreciate all the comments I get. :) Follow me on Tumblr and come say hi! My username is meganthewriter. I'd love for you to share my story and tell others :) Chapter 13 : Disoriented Summary: Kylo Ren tries to make the Reader comfortable, but General Hux will not give up on her... Notes: In case you skipped the previous chapter, General Hux violated the Reader. The Reader woke up and panicked, while taking a shower and trying to rid herself of the marks. Kylo Ren came into the room and took her back to his quarters, after she collapsed on the floor. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) When you woke, you noticed you weren’t in the general’s room. As you glanced around the room, you noticed several chandeliers hanging on the ceiling above you. The walls were painted a light beige color and there seemed to be more furniture in the room than in the general’s. Your body was trembling. You didn’t know where you were. If you closed your eyes, you could feel him touching you and kissing you. You tried to sit up, but you had difficulty. You noticed something in your arm. It was an IV. You saw the bag of liquid above your head. Drip. Drip. Drip. You got nervous. You tried to move it. “Don’t! Don’t pull it out!” You saw your Master coming to you. He held your arm down. "It’s an IV. It’s helping the drugs leave your system. Don’t pull it out, you’ll make it worse." You got scared as he held your arm down. “Please, please, let me go.” You trembled. “I’m – I’m sorry, Y/N.” He let go of your arm and you curled up under the covers. “I won’t hurt you. I’m only here to help. The drugs should be leaving your system.” “Drugs?” you questioned. "Yes. You were drugged by General Hux. Do you remember what happened?" Arms pinning you down to the bed. His lips kissing your body and sucking on your erect nipples. Him thrusting into you as he claimed you. You could see it all in your mind. Like a nightmare in your head. "Yes, I remember," you whispered. He had gotten a cool washcloth and tried to clean you up a little. He spoke softly to you, trying not to scare you. You barely looked him in the eye, but he continued to make sure you were comfortable. “Can I help you sit up? I won’t hurt you.” You were nervous, but you agreed. You watched his every move and he carefully touched your back. You winced in pain as he helped you sit against the headboard. He put many pillows behind you to support you and keep you comfortable. You noticed he had covered your arms with something, but you weren’t sure what. "Should I call a doctor? I've seen so many bruises. I covered most of them with bacta patches and they seem to be helping." "No, I'm fine," you said with a shaky voice. Your body was still trembling and you didn’t feel comfortable being with your Master at this moment. You felt vulnerable with anyone, but mostly with someone who was male. The door flew open and General Hux barged in the room. Your body started shaking as you laid on the bed. “So… you’ve been keeping her warm for me, haven’t you, Ren?” Ren stood in front of you, shielding you from the general. “Leave her alone, Hux. Get out of my room.” “No. She belongs to me and I intend to take her back.” “You will not touch her. Leave my room, or I will force you to.” The general chuckled. “You cannot force me to do anything.” “I will drag you to the Supreme Leader if you dare touch her!” Ren said. You saw his lightsaber activate and you could see the glow in his eyes as he raised the saber. “Now… you can leave, or I can make this painful, Hux.” “I’ll be back. She’ll come back to me.” “LEAVE!” he shouted and Hux retreated, leaving you and Kylo alone in the room. You saw him breathing heavily and he looked angry, but when he glanced back at you he softened. He deactivated his weapon. Tears welled in your eyes as he came over to you. “Are you alright?” he asked. You nodded your head, but you weren’t sure. Your body felt numb again. “I won’t let him touch you. You’ll be safe with me. I’m so sorry for what he did. I won’t allow him in my quarters.” You saw him grab the datapad and it looked like he was messaging someone. Your back rested comfortably against the headboard and the soft and supportive pillows. The blankets he laid on you were gentle and soft. You noticed a strange black material draped over your shoulders. It felt very warm against your skin and it smelled like him. You couldn’t help but smile a little, even after the sudden shock. He must have noticed you smiling. “I gave you my cloak to keep you warm. I thought it might be comforting. If you get too warm, feel free to take it off.” You nodded. You weren’t sure what to think of everything, mostly because you were still feeling a little odd, but you didn’t hate his kindness. You didn’t fully trust him and he knew it, but he was trying, and inside you were feeling a tiny bit relaxed. “Sir, I don’t want to impose on you. I – I should leave.” His eyes showed shock and concern as he sat next to you. “Leave? Where would you go?” “I – I have to go back to him, sir. I belong to him. He never meant to hurt me. I don’t have a choice,” you said quietly. “What? You can’t go back. I won’t allow it.” “I don’t want to be a burden, sir.” “You are not a burden, Y/N. You may stay with me as long as you need to. Please, do not go back to him. Please.” You saw the concern in his eyes and you didn’t want to upset him, so you agreed. Your muscles still ached, but the softness of the bed and the blankets made you feel warm and cozy. He carefully set a tray of food on your lap and you ate. “Do you need anything, Y/N?” You were too afraid to ask him for anything, so you shook your head. You didn’t speak or look at him and he noticed you were in your training outfit. “Is that the only outfit you have?” he asked you. You nodded your head. “What happened to your other attire, if I may ask?” “The general bought me the gowns to wear and the only other outfit I have is this. He burned all my other clothes.” He took a deep breath. “I’m sorry to hear that. I can have new clothes purchased for you. More… appropriate clothing. I have something you can look through. The markets are always open and I can send someone at any time.” “I…. I couldn’t impose, sir,” you said quietly. “It’s no trouble, Y/N.” He gave you a soft smile. He carefully removed the IV from your arm and cleaned the area where the needle had been. You flinched at his touch, but he tried to be gentle. He bandaged it and handed you some water to keep you hydrated. You took a sip of the water. It was cold and helped clear your dry throat. You were very dehydrated because of the drugs the general gave you. “Sir, what do I have to do?” you asked. “What do you mean?” “I – I suppose since I’m staying here, you’d require me to do something for you? I have to earn my right to stay here.” “No,” he said firmly. “I do not require anything from you, except that you remain loyal to me as one of my knights. I trust you can keep that promise?” You looked into his dark eyes and you started to feel something. A small spark? You weren’t sure, but you put your feelings aside. “Yes, sir, I will always be loyal to you and The First Order,” you said with no hesitation. You saw him raise his hand slowly and he brushed it against your cheek. You winced and turned your face away. “I’m sorry, Y/N. I didn’t mean to scare you. I won’t hurt you. I promise.” He noticed that you were staring at his bookshelf. “Do you like to read, Y/N?” You didn’t look at him, but you nodded. He went to the bookshelf and selected a book. He handed it to you and you touched the hard cover. It was your favorite book and your face showed a soft smile. “Th – Thank you, sir.” “You’re welcome.” He went back to his desk to give you some time and started to return to his own work. You glanced at the tall knight. Maybe he wasn’t so bad after all. Notes: Thank you once to again to my amazing beta, BregoBeauty. I couldn't get through this story without her! Thanks to all my amazing readers as well! I love seeing new comments and new kudos from you all. Makes me smile every time I get a comment, kudos, or bookmark. Come follow me on Tumblr and say hi! My username is meganthewriter :) Have an amazing weekend everyone! New chapter hopefully on Monday! Chapter 14 : Relaxed Summary: The Reader has a nightmare. Kylo continues to be supportive. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Water rushed into the home as the rain poured down. It covered the kitchen floor completely. A little girl screamed and you rushed into a nearby closet and grabbed a bucket. You attempted to scoop up the water and throw it out the window. It keep pouring in and the more you tried, the more water would come in. She went to the roof of the home and cried, while you continued to scoop water. If you didn’t get to high ground, you would drown. You climbed up the slippery stairs trying to get to the roof. You continued to slip and when you reached the top you were breathing heavily. You hugged her tightly and prepared to – “Y/N? Y/N. Wake up.” His hand was on your arm and you pulled your arm away as you woke. You sat up a little, but you didn’t look him in the eye. “Are you okay?” he asked you worriedly. “Y – yes, I’m okay.” You shook a little. “I think you were having a nightmare.” He went into the ‘fresher and came out with a cold cloth, dabbing your forehead to cool you down. You flinched as he touched you, but he spoke calmly to you. He wiped the sweat from your forehead and you started to relax a little. “The dream wasn’t real,” he said. “What?” “It wasn’t real. Your house never flooded. It was just a nightmare.” He handed you a glass of cold water and you drank it slowly. “How did you…” He glanced up at you. His eyes were soft and concerned. “I can read minds, Y/N. I tried to be gentle. You were tossing and turning and I got worried.” You glanced down at the sheets and skimmed your fingers on them. You noticed that you were the only one sleeping in the bed. The side he would’ve slept on was still neat and tidy. “Did you sleep?” He continued to wipe your forehead. “No, I don’t sleep much anymore. You need to sleep more than I do.” “You need to sleep, Master.” “Please, call me Kylo.” You were always required to call him Master. Now he wanted you to call him Kylo? “I can’t, sir. It wouldn’t be right.” You saw him glance up at you. “In public, I would prefer Master Ren. In my quarters, please, call me Kylo.” You looked into his eyes and nodded. He smiled at you and grabbed a nearby bottle. He poured a little on his hand and reached to touch your forehead. You grabbed his hand out of fear. “What are you doing?” you asked firmly. “Shhh. It’s lavender oil. It helps the body relax. Just let me. It won’t hurt.” You let go of his hand and he rubbed it gently on your forehead. You could smell the strong aroma and you felt your body slowly relaxing. “I use this a lot when I feel stressed. Just don’t tell anyone. The knights would think it’s… different.” “I won’t,” you assured him, reaching up to brush a strand of hair from his eyes. Your hand skimmed over his cheek. It was warm and you saw a tint of pink. When you realized what was happening, you lifted your hand away. “I’m sorry, sir. That was wrong of me. I – I should sleep.” You started to lie down. The corners of his lips formed a small smile. “It’s okay. But yes, you should sleep. Hopefully the lavender oil has helped a little.” You closed your eyes. He pulled the covers over you. You felt him lean down and kiss your temple, flinching a little, but you loved it. You felt butterflies in your stomach. Were you falling for him? ____________________________________________ When you woke from your nap, you noticed Kylo was sitting at a desk. He looked very busy and he was muttering to himself. The cloak he gave you was wrapped around your shoulders. You could smell his masculine scent and you found that you liked it. It was familiar to you. You buried your nose in it, trying to get a small whiff. You glanced over at him. He wasn’t watching you and you were glad. You wouldn’t want him to get the wrong impression. He was reading an article on his datapad. You decided to walk around a little. Your legs were getting stiff after being in the bed for a few days. "What are you doing?" he asked gently. "May I walk around the room? I’m sick of being still.” He nodded and you started to stretch your tired legs. You admired the different paintings that were on the beige walls. You realized most of the room was colorful, which was a lot different from the rest of the Finalizer. The kitchen area was small, but it fit his lifestyle since he wasn't in the room much. You noticed his lightsaber sat on a small table. You had never admired it up close. It was usually activated and you never got a closer look. You looked over your shoulder and he was not watching you, so you carefully touched the hilt of the lightsaber. The metal felt cool to the touch and you wanted to activate it, just to see how it felt. You were about to walk away, when you felt his presence behind you. "Do you want to try it?" he asked. You nodded your head and he asked you to pick it up. You did and he instructed you to activate it. You activated it and felt the hum of the weapon, but you could also feel the crackle and see the sparks that flew from it. It looked like it could explode at any minute and you were worried. You deactivated it. "Are you okay, Y/N?" You started to walk away. You sat on the edge of the bed, wishing you had something to do. You had finished the book he gave you and you didn't want to ask him for anything out of respect. You sighed and you felt him sit next to you. "What's wrong?" he asked. "Please, tell me." "I'm sorry, sir. I got nervous while holding your 'saber and I panicked. I didn't mean any disrespect." "It's okay, Y/N. You didn't disrespect me. I suppose it can be alarming. You can always be honest with me. I won’t be mad at you.” You nodded and he proceeded back to his desk. “Kylo?” “Hmm?” He didn’t look at you. He continued to work. “Can you tell me about my family?” He didn’t speak for several moments. You wondered if you shouldn’t have said anything. “I don’t know much, unfortunately. I knew your husband John. He was a good officer and a very hard worker. I only know that he was reconditioned. It was all part of Hux’s plan.” “Did you know my daughter?” He nodded. “Aurora was a miracle. She was very tiny at birth. I remember you telling me that during a training session a few months afterwards. She almost didn’t make it, but the Force healed her. Saved her life. She was a beautiful girl. Full of energy.” “Hux told me she died from an illness.” “No, she didn’t. Orion was attacked and everyone was killed.” He slammed his pen on the desk and his face went into his hands, his elbows on top of the desk. The noise made you jump a little. Your body started to shake. “Oh. I’m sorry for asking, sir,” you said quietly. He continued to sit with his hands over his face. You climbed onto the bed and leaned against the pillows, closing your eyes. You thought about your daughter in the dream and how she looked. Tears rolled down your cheeks. You’d never know your real family. You felt alone. He sat next to you. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to upset you. I’m not mad at you. I’m furious at General Hux. I’ll do anything to protect you. You’re safe here.” He carefully wiped the tears from your eyes, but you turned your face away. He apologized. “It’s okay, sir.” He nodded and returned to his datapad. He truly cared about you. You cared about him. Would it work? Notes: Thanks so much once again to my lovely beta, BregoBeauty. I'm getting a little frustrated with this story and she's always there to help with ideas. Thank you to everyone who has been commenting! I love seeing comments. Let me know what you enjoy or don't enjoy. :) I had someone comment saying that Aurora is alive. That is false. Kylo told the Reader that she didn't die from an illness, so he confirmed that she died on Orion. I deleted the comment and I just wanted to clarify that it is false. Chapter 15 : Shock Summary: The Reader gets some shocking news... like really shocking... Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Two months passed and you continued to train with your Master. You were starting to admire him more. He would push you further and further and you were slowly getting your strength back. However, you noticed that your lower back was hurting and you were easily tired. You tried not to sleep during the day, fearing you would be up all night. Things had become closer between you and Kylo. It was easier for him to touch you without feeling fear, although you continued to flinch. You found it easier to sleep in the same bed. One night, he held you in his arms because you were cold. It took you a while to fall asleep, but you loved the warmth and comfort. You didn’t fear him the way you did Hux. Some days you needed to rest in the afternoon and you would wake up alone. Kylo would usually be at meetings, or other important events, and you missed his presence. You knew that the general would also be in the meetings, so you felt more confident about leaving the room. Kylo had suggested visiting the doctor aboard the Finalizer and you agreed. You thought maybe something was wrong and you didn’t want to get worse, so you decided to go. They said they would contact you with the test results soon. The last three days you woke up with nausea. As you came out of the 'fresher, you realized you were tired of being alone. After several more trips to the refresher you couldn't be alone. You needed him. You were able to walk and you knew he couldn't be far. You could use the Force to locate his signature. You started walking down the halls, being careful not to draw attention to anyone. You felt okay for the time being, but you tried to stay as relaxed as possible. You found yourself going in circles. You knew most of the hallways of the Finalizer , but it was a large ship, and it was easy to get lost. You continued walking and you felt a faint signature. Kylo? You walked a little faster and the signature became stronger. It was him. You knew it. You were just about to turn a corner, when you heard two voices. You recognized both of them. You could hear General Hux and Kylo arguing. They were not happy. You froze at the thought of Hux being there, but you tried to remain hidden. "I have no time for this useless chatter," General Hux snapped. "I am very busy." "Of course you're busy... busy treating women with disrespect, especially one of my knights." "You have no proof. I've never touched the girl." "You liar! I know what you've done to her. You've hurt her and that's not all, General. You took something from her. Just admit it.” "What do you mean, Ren?" "You know damn well what I mean. Her husband and her daughter. You killed them both, didn't you?" "I have ordered hundreds of people to be executed just this week. Be more specific." "Officer John Cobb, a high ranked officer and one of your finest men. Her daughter, Aurora. A five-year-old girl, who was on Orion." "Ah, yes. Yes, I may have terminated their lives, but it was a necessary loss. She'll get over it." "She doesn't know her husband was killed, only her daughter." "She doesn't know? Interesting... keeping secrets are we, Ren? You seem to be enjoying her, since you continue to keep her from me." He... he killed him? John was dead? You felt your heart breaking. You knew he had killed your daughter, but Hux told you your husband had been reconditioned. "You will stay away from her. She is not yours to keep." "Oh, but you're wrong. She is mine and I intend to get her back. I'll find a way. The little brat will come back to me." "You'll never see her again. She is in my care and -" "Keeping her from me will not work, Ren. She belongs to me." “Prove it.” “I beg your pardon?” “Prove she belongs to you. I did research, Hux. You are not married to her. There’s no proof. She never agreed to be your wife. You lied to her.” “I worked hard to keep her, Ren! She belongs to me!” "She does not and neither does the baby!" You froze. Baby? What baby? You - you couldn't be - "What baby, Ren?" "She's pregnant, Hux. We don’t know who the father is, but she’s pregnant. You may be the father, after what you did to her.” Everything suddenly made sense. Your aching back, the nausea, the cravings you had earlier that week, and sleeping during the day. It was because you were pregnant. You were pregnant with a baby. It could be his baby. "Interesting... so it looks like she needs to be in my care." "No, she stays with me. You will not touch that baby. I need her to be healthy, happy, and safe. You will not interfere." "Oh, but I will, Ren. If that baby is my child then –“ You didn't hear the rest. You were in shock. You looked down at your stomach and your hands pressed against it. What if Hux was the father? Would you be forced to stay with him? He couldn't be. It couldn't be true. It had to be a mistake. You ran from the hall and back to the room. You knew Kylo had sensed your presence, but you didn’t care. You ran back to the room in tears. You crawled into his bed. The sheets were warm and you realized you were tired. You laid down on the warm sheets, thinking about what they had talked about, and fell into a deep sleep. ____________________________________ Your eyes opened and you were looking at a lake. You were lying on a bench and as you sat up, you noticed sand. Your feet touched the sand and it was cool to the touch. You started to walk along the shore and you noticed someone walking toward you. You didn't recognize the individual, but you weren't afraid. As soon as you two got closer, something made you shiver. You felt this overwhelming sensation ripple through your body. It came to you in the blink of an eye. "John?" you said, in a whisper. "Hey, baby." It was him. You ran to him and he lifted you into the air. He held you close against him and your legs wrapped around his waist. You both kissed passionately. You barely recognized him, but deep down you knew. "I missed you. You're okay. I can't believe you're okay," you said. He set you down on the ground gently so your eyes met. "I'm here, sweetheart. It's okay." "Oh, John. Something terrible has happened. I -" "I know, sweetie. I know. I've seen everything. You're having a baby." "What? You know?" "I'm so sorry, dear. I know what he did to you and it isn’t right. I assure you that he will not be allowed to raise that child. You cannot allow it.” "I won't let him. We can raise the child together. We'll find a way to flee and -" "Baby, this is a dream. This isn't real. I'm - I'm still dead. You have to go back to your Master and I have to return to where I came from." "So, it's true. You were killed by Hux." "Yes, princess. I was killed. I'm so sorry. I tried to stop them. I promise you that it was quick. I didn't feel anything. I couldn't stop thinking about you and Aurora before I died." "Oh, John..." He hugged you tightly and you cried against his chest. "Y/N, it's okay," he said calmly. "Shhhhh, darling, it's okay." He continued to hold you, rubbing your back, and talking quietly. His voice soothed your nerves. "Listen, I don't have a lot of time..." He let go of you and you looked into his eyes, tears still forming on the corners of your eyelids. "Listen," he said. "You have my permission to love again. To be happy. As long as they love and care about you the same way I do, I will respect your wishes. You shouldn't hold on to the past. Look forward. I love you and I just want you to be happy. We may not see each other again, so I wanted to say that to you." "John, no," you cried. "I'd rather die. I need to be with you." “No, Y/N. We will see each other again, I believe that. You need to stay close to Kylo. He’ll take care of you and the baby. You’ll be safe with him.” “John, who’s the father? Do you know?” “I don’t, dear. I’m sorry.” He held you for several minutes as you cried against him. You felt him kiss your head and it felt soothing. You didn't want to say goodbye to him. You couldn't. You loved him. "I have to go, princess. I'm so sorry. Take care of yourself. We'll see each other again." "No, John, please, don't go. Please." You felt yourself slipping back to reality. His image started to fade away. "No! Please! I don't want to wake up. Please, no." A few seconds before your eyes opened, you heard him whisper to you. You couldn’t believe the words he said. “Our daughter is alive.” Notes: Alright, so I need to apologize... I had to lie in order to keep the secret... but yes, Aurora is alive. Please don't hate me. Originally, no... she wasn't going to live... you can thank BregoBeauty for convincing me to keep her alive. Trust me, it'll make the story more interesting... But..... who's the father? That is the question... You'll see a lot of arguments over the father. Eventually it will be revealed in time... I want to thank BregoBeauty for putting up with all the chapters I send her. I've decided that in order to give me more time to think about each chapter, for Brego to edit them, and put more work into them, I won't be posting Mondays and Thursdays. I will post as I am able. I'm sorry if this decision is upsetting, but I need to think more about my chapters and the story... I will keep you all updated on Tumblr so please follow me ------> meganthewriter Thanks for reading, reviewing, and leaving kudos! Love you guys! Chapter 16 : Friendship Summary: The Reader reconnects with some old friends, who provide some comfort during this difficult time... Notes: This story features a gay couple, so please be respectful. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) When you woke, you realized you were alone. You were breathing heavily and thinking about the vision you just had. You had seen John. You talked to him. You kissed him and he held you like he used to. He told you it was okay to love again. Could you let go of the man you loved? You remembered the conversation Master Ren and General Hux had earlier. You were pregnant with a baby. It could be Hux’s child. You looked down at your stomach and touched it with your hands. You promised yourself that you would be a good mother to your unborn child. You had to be strong. But… your daughter. He said your daughter was alive. Was it true? Would you ever see her again? Did Kylo know? You had to ask him. You carefully left the bed. As you walked into the living area, you noticed someone. You saw long black robes and a mask. As you looked closer, you knew it wasn’t Kylo. It was one of the knights. But which one? When the figure turned, a smile came across your face. He removed the mask, showing the face underneath. You looked into his blue eyes. You recognized him immediately. “Hello, Lady Ren. Nice to see you again.” “Elizar Ren. I thought you were on a mission with Guindon.” “We were. Master Ren called us back on an urgent matter. The knights have a meeting later this afternoon.” “Oh, he didn’t inform me.” “Hmmm. Well, he asked me to stay with you until he comes back. The meeting isn’t for another hour, so we have time.” You nodded. He walked over to the table and sat down. “What was the mission?” He chuckled. “Guindon and I had to search for a bounty hunter named Tareke Bo. You remember him, right?” You shook your head. “No, I don’t, unfortunately.” “He borrowed money from us and he owes our Master compensation. Guindon and I were sent to find him. We were able to locate him, but he escaped before we could apprehend him. Master Ren called us here for an urgent matter. We weren’t told why.” “Did Master Ren explain anything that’s happened the past few days?” “No, but I assume he’ll tell us something in the meeting.” “You’re probably right.” “How are you? I heard you were pretty sick the last few days. You feeling better?” he asked you. You knew Elizar well. He had been the first one to welcome you to the Knights of Ren when you were initiated. You had worked together on many missions and you trusted him. You didn’t forget the Knights of Ren and what your Master taught you. It was second nature to you. “Well, I wasn’t sick exactly. I – I was hurt.” “Hurt? By whom?” “The general. I don’t remember much about that night, but I know he forced me to do things I didn’t want to do. Master Ren has been helping me, making sure I feel better. I just found out that…” You paused. “It’s okay, you don’t have to tell me if –“ “No, I want to,” you said firmly. “I just found out that I’m pregnant.” You saw his lightsaber activate next to him and he slashed through a table nearby. After a moment, he came and sat next to you, wrapping an arm around you. You flinched a little, but you trusted him. He was a good friend, almost like a brother to you. You rested your head on his shoulder. “We’ll make sure he doesn’t interfere. If Kylo doesn’t mention something at the meeting, I’ll speak up. It’s not fair to you. I’m so sorry, Y/N.” “It’s okay, Elizar. Thank you for your kindness. It means a lot.” “You’re welcome. Anything for a fellow knight, especially Lady Ren.” You smiled as your head rested on his shoulder. The knights were very loyal to one another and they truly cared about you. “I leave for ten minutes and you’re already snuggling with her?” a voice said from the doorway. You lifted your head up to look at the mystery figure. In stepped another masked knight in long, black robes. When he removed the helmet, you looked into his hazel eyes. He had black hair that was very messy, but it didn’t bother him in the slightest. “C’mon, you would’ve done the same, Guindon.” “True.” He walked up to the both of you and gave you a hug as well. “How are you, Lady Ren?” “I’m doing alright. It’s good to see you.” “You’re shaking a little. Are you sure everything is okay?” “Well, not really. I… I’m…” “It’s okay,” Elizar said. “I’m pregnant and… I think Hux might be the father. He… he…” “He forced her, Guindon. She didn’t comply with him.” Guindon stayed quiet, but he came and sat on the other side of you, wrapping his arm around you. You could feel both of them holding hands behind you, but they were both touching your back. “I’m so sorry. We’ll do something about this. He doesn’t deserve to walk away unpunished. We can talk to Master Ren.” “I told her I’ll bring it up in the meeting today. I doubt Lady Ren will need to be there.” “When is Master Ren coming back?” “Soon,” you said. The truth is, you weren’t sure. Everything was swirling inside your mind. “Such a softie,” he said to Elizar. You looked upward and noticed them kissing above your head. They were both taller than you and their lips were pressed together. You saw their tongues fighting for dominance and you smiled. Elizar broke away to give you a kiss on your cheek. You giggled. You knew they had liked each other for years and you loved that they were officially a couple. Guindon kissed your other cheek and you were still giggling. “I think she feels a little better,” Elizar said. “I do,” you said. “Thank you both for everything.” “You’re welcome,” they said together. They both hugged you tightly and you were happy they cared so much. Master Ren walked in a few minutes later. He removed his mask, something you didn’t expect. “Guindon and Elizar Ren. It’s good to see you both.” “Hello, sir. I hope you don’t mind Guindon keeping her company as well.” “No, I appreciate you both keeping her company.” He turned to look at you, his dark eyes shimmering. “How are you?” “I’m doing okay,” you said. “I’m glad to hear that.” He turned back to Elizar and Guindon. “I need you both to come with me.” “What about Lady Ren? Shouldn’t she come to the meeting as well?” Guindon said. Your eyes drifted to the floor. You bit your bottom lip. If you weren’t supposed to know about the meeting, your master might become angry. “She is not needed,” he replied bluntly. He ordered them both to follow and they all left you alone. You sat down in a small chair, but you didn’t feel upset. Guindon and Elizar made you feel happy and you cherished that. After reading a book for some time, you noticed Elizar come in the room. “Shouldn’t you be in the meeting?” you asked. “Master Ren kicked me out.” “Why?” “I mentioned what Hux had done and he got furious. He ordered me to leave. Guindon kept quiet, so he can fill me in later.” “I can talk with him, Elizar. I’m sure it was just a misunderstanding.” He smiled at you. “It’s alright. I’d much rather be with you. Besides, I have a gift for you.” “You didn’t need to get me anything,” you said, but he was already unzipping a large bag. You gasped as you saw him take Millicent out of the bag. “You took Millicent?!” you exclaimed. “I figured that ass needed to learn a lesson. So, I snuck into his quarters and took something of his. It was Guindon’s idea. Master Ren doesn’t need to know. No one hurts a knight, especially you, and gets away with it.” You couldn’t help but laugh at him. “So, what will you do with her?” “Well, do you want to keep her?” He held her out to you. “I’m sorry, but… she brings back those memories. She was there when… when…” “It – It’s okay. You don’t need to say anything. I’ll keep her with Guindon and I. Besides, I’m sure Guindon could figure out an idea…” “Already did,” Guindon said, as you turned to face him. “Anyone want to shave a cat?” Notes: Thanks so much to my amazing beta, BregoBeauty for her awesome work at editing! And just being awesome in general... it's almost a month until we'll meet! I'm soooo excited!! I'm sorry it took a while to post a new chapter. Trying to make these chapters better and better and it takes time, plus I need to work with my beta and her crazy schedule. I will try to have chapters up when I can. :-) Thanks for reading, reviewing, and leaving kudos! Chapter 17 : Passion Summary: Elizar and Guindon have fun with Millicent, while the Reader's feelings become more evident for Kylo... Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) "Anyone want to shave a cat?" You couldn't help but laugh. Were they really going to shave her? Wouldn't Hux be furious? 'Of course he would,' you thought, but they were doing this for you. They wanted to see you smile. Suddenly, all three of you sensed a presence. Before Guindon had a chance to hide Millicent, Master Ren strode into the room. He walked past Guindon, stopped for a moment, and turned around to face him. He saw the ginger cat in his arms and you grew a little nervous. Would he get mad at you for encouraging them? Elizar looked at you with a small smile on his lips, winking at you to assure you things were okay, and making you smile. "Guindon Ren, I trust you have a good reason for taking the general's cat?" He paused for a moment, looking at the both of you. "Sir, we wanted to play a little prank on Hux, that's all. Lady Ren had nothing to do with the idea. It was me." "He's right," Elizar said. "We agreed to the idea, not Lady Ren." You didn't look your Master in the eyes, but could tell he was looking at you for a reaction. You could feel his stare. He turned to address them both. "Very well, but do not kill the creature. You may do with her what you wish, but do not hurt her. Take her from my quarters at once." "Yes, sir," Guindon said. They both rushed out of the room, waving goodbye to you, and leaving you and your Master alone. You were still sitting on the couch comfortably. He came over to you and sat nearby, allowing some space between you both. He removed his helmet. "How are you?" he asked quietly. "I'm fine," you said. "How was the meeting?" "It went very well," he said. "What was it about, if I may ask?" You didn't want your Master to be upset with you, especially if you weren't supposed to know. "I sent out more knights to continue our missions. Elizar and Guindon both returned to the Finalizer on my orders, but now that things are calmer, I shall send them back to locate Tareke Bo.” “Would I be allowed to go on a mission, Master?” He studied you and noticed you were serious about leaving the Finalizer . He thought for a few moments and a smile formed on his lips. “I would rather not send you on a mission at this time. I received word from a friend of mine on the planet Yules. The books I ordered are ready and I was going to go retrieve them for you. Would you like to accompany me?” You nodded. “I’d love to. It would just be the two of us?” “Yes, I need to be back on the Finalizer in two days for an important training session, so we’d only be able to spend the day there. Do you feel well enough to travel? I know you were feeling sore.” He was still hiding the pregnancy from you. He assumed you didn’t hear his conversation with General Hux. You would question him eventually, but for now you wanted to get off the ship. "I feel fine. I really want to get some fresh air. I’d love to come with you.” “Okay. I think it will be fun. It’s a peaceful planet and it will allow some privacy.” You nodded and waited a moment before speaking. "Are you angry about what Elizar said at the meeting, Master?" He studied you, noticing how your thumbs were twirling against each other. He said to you, "No. I am not angry. You confided in a friend and he was trying to be helpful and get more information. I understand why he asked. I shouldn't have kicked him out, but I got angry. I know that now." You stayed silent and for a moment, all you could hear was the sound of your breathing and his own. You carefully lifted your hand and brushed it against his cheek, feeling how soft and warm it was. You felt him lean against your hand as you both stared into each other's eyes. You knew you could trust him. You had been afraid to trust him, but now you weren't scared. He may be unpredictable at times and he might get angry, but you knew he cared. You knew he didn't want you to be uncomfortable. You slowly leaned into him, your noses touching. You could feel his breath against your cheek. He was almost panting. You were surprisingly calm, but you felt a desire growing within you. He pulled back before your lips could touch. You heard him sigh and you wondered why he wouldn’t kiss you. Did you do something wrong? He walked to his closet and took out a small travel bag. He started to pack a few of his belongings and he grabbed another bag from your closet. He packed a few of your clothes for you. “Kylo, can I ask you something?” He didn’t look at you, but he nodded his head. “Did I do something wrong?” You paused for a moment, studying his reaction. “I – I probably shouldn’t have tried to kiss you and I’m sorry. It’s…. just…..” You couldn’t finish your thoughts. He came and sat next to you. He took a deep breath. “I don’t want to discuss it in full detail, but years ago something happened. I…. um…. I cared about someone. They were killed in a battle. I guess it… made those memories reappear and I panicked. I’m sorry. I truly care about you, but...” You touched his shoulder. “It’s okay,” you said, soothingly. “You don’t need to tell me if you don’t want to. It’s fine.” You brushed your thumb over his hand to soothe him. He was looking down at the ground and you gently lifted his chin, forcing him to look into your eyes. You gently smiled at the knight and his eyes softened. “When do we leave for Yules?” you asked him. “Tomorrow morning, bright and early. I’ll wake you when it’s time. You should get some rest.” You laid down on the cool, plum sheets, resting your head on the comfortable pillows. You noticed that he wasn’t next to you in the bed. “Kylo? Are you going to sleep?” you asked. You noticed him looking back at you, with dark circles under his eyes. You knew by looking at him that he wasn’t sleeping. “You need your sleep, Y/N. I’ll be fine.” “Please, Kylo. Please, come to bed. There’s plenty of room and I don’t mind. I would like the company.” He proceeded into the closet. When he came out he was fully dressed, but in looser clothes. He climbed into the bed, wrapping his arms around you, and making you smile as he pulled you closer to him. You rested your head against his chest and felt your body relax against him. You were admiring him, more and more each day. Notes: Thanks so much to BregoBeauty for all her help with editing and brainstorming ideas! I have the best friend/beta ever and I'm so excited to meet her in less than three weeks! Thanks so much for all your support, comments, and kudos! I really appreciate it! I will update on Tumblr so feel free to follow me! (meganthewriter) Chapter 18 : Travel Summary: The Reader and Kylo embark on their short trip. She realizes her love is growing for him... Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) You boarded his private shuttle with a bag in your hand. He had woken you early and you were still tired, but the excitement of leaving the Finalizer made you long to leave. You sat down in the middle of the ship and your Master set your bags in a corner. You had a book in your hand and you started to read. The pilot informed you that it would be a couple hours before you arrived, so you’d have plenty of time to read. You didn’t notice your Master sitting across from you, studying you as you read. There were chapters that would make you laugh and chapters that made you tear up. You didn’t notice him smile at you. When he came and sat next to you, he wrapped an arm around you, and you looked up into his eyes. “Do you like the book?” he asked. You nodded your head, putting your head on his shoulder. You set the book down next to you and he held you close to him. “You feeling alright? Need anything?” “No, I’m fine. How much longer?” “Just a few more minutes.” After a few minutes, a young co-pilot entered the middle of the ship and you both glanced at him. “Sir, we are preparing to land.” “Thank you,” Kylo said. The co-pilot left the room and you felt the ship land on Yules. You and Kylo exited the ship, preparing to travel to your small cabin. ____________________________________ “Thank you very much, sir,” you said to an older gentleman. Kylo’s friend, Fitare, handed you the books he had ordered. He wished you both well and you continued traveling. You both walked on a small path that led through a wonderful forest. It felt amazing to see all the green trees that towered above you. A lake was in the middle of the planet, but Kylo said it was inhabited with dangerous creatures. He decided to avoid the lake at all costs to protect you. You held his hand the entire time and he pointed out different things to you that he enjoyed. When you reached the small cabin, you noticed how cozy it looked. The exterior was a light brown color and flowers lined the outside of the building. They were your favorite color and you knew he had planted them specifically for you. He led you indoors. You noticed the small kitchen near the back of the room. The living room was in the middle, with a couch and a couple chairs, with a fireplace to your left and a small greenhouse to your right, filled with a variety of plants. He led you into another room. Your eyes widened. Inside the bedroom was a large bed and the comforter was your favorite color, just like his bedding on the Finalizer . The walls were an ivory color and he had numerous pictures on them. You walked around the perimeter of the room admiring them all. You could almost smell the nature that radiated from them. Kylo had gone into the ‘fresher to freshen up and when he came out, he noticed you had wandered to the window gazing at the view. You could see the tall trees and the lush vegetation that grew on the planet. He stood close to you and you could feel the heat that radiated from him. “Is everything alright?” he asked, touching your shoulder gently. You turned your head to face him, so you could look into his eyes. “Everything is wonderful,” you said. He started to unpack your bags while you continued to look outside the window. You noticed the datapad sitting on the table so you climbed onto the bed and grabbed it. You started to read more about pregnancy. Because your memory was gone, you didn’t remember your pregnancy with Aurora, so everything felt new to you. You knew you would have plenty of medical care, but you were still nervous. You decided you were feeling tired, so you laid down on the cool sheets and closed your eyes. As you fell into slumber, you felt him lay a blanket on top of you. You quickly dozed into sleep. __________________________________ You were in a lush green forest. It looked similar to Orion, but as you looked closer, you noticed that it looked more like Yules. The trees were tall and flowers bloomed all around you. You caught the aroma of the lush purple and yellow flowers and you took in a deep breath through your nose. It smelled wonderful. You felt a hand touch your shoulder and you turned to look at the mysterious person. You looked into the eyes of a man. It was John. He smiled. "Hey, baby." You smiled back. "Hi." He pulled you into his arms and gave you kisses on your forehead. "Shhh," he said, putting a finger to your lips to quiet your nervous mind. You looked dee p into his eyes. "I approve," he said. "You found someone and I approve. I am not angry at you. I will always love you, but you need someone to care for you since I cannot. Kylo will be a good husband towards you. I know he will." "Husband? He and I aren't -" "I know, but maybe one day he will. It's okay. You're happy with him and if he truly makes you happy, you need to be with him. He'll protect you and the baby. Trust him." He touched your belly and knelt down on his knees to gently kiss it. You felt a spark between you and him and you jumped a little. "John, the baby likes you, too.” “I can feel it. Strong with the Force. Force-sensitive.” You felt him kiss your lips, but you didn't feel a spark like you used to. When you parted, he could tell that you were confused. "It's alright, baby. You're letting go. It's okay. I love you, but you love him now, and it's okay to let go." "John..." He held you tightly against him. You wished that he would be with you when the baby was born. "You need to wake up," he said quietly. "Kylo is waiting for you. Let go, baby. Let go..." You could feel yourself fading from the dream. "Let go," he said, almost as if it was a whisper. "Let go." Your eyes opened and you looked into the eyes of your true love. Notes: Thanks so much to my awesome beta BregoBeauty for editing quickly before I leave on vacation! I am so excited to meet her on Friday! We're going to have so much fun! Thanks everyone for your comments, kudos, and all your encouragement! I will be on vacation from Wednesday the 5th until the 11th (next Tuesday) so no chapters will be posted. Need some time to relax and get away :) Feel free to check my Tumblr account for updates on my story and tons of Reylo pics and maybe even some Kylo Ren/Hux pics as well ;) Thanks! See you guys in a week or two! Chapter 19 : Peace Summary: Kylo takes the Reader to a special place, but also shares some personal memories. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Kylo led you down a small path. He said he had a surprise for you. You were still processing the dream you had. John told you to let go of him... and you did, yet deep down you would always love him. But now that he was gone, you couldn't rely on him anymore. Kylo proved to you every day that you could trust him. He cared for you and you weren't afraid of him. You grew to love him and you knew John approved. You could feel him inside your heart, telling you it was okay to love again. To love Kylo. You weren't sure if you would ever see him again in a dream, but you felt more relaxed after talking with him again. When you reached the end of the path, you saw a small glimmer. He pushed some vines out of the way and you saw a large waterfall. It flowed into a small pond and grass covered the rest of the land. Flowers bloomed all around and you couldn't help but stare at all the beauty. He had taken a bag with him on his back. He pulled out a large blanket and he laid it down on the grass. He set the bag down and invited you to sit on it. "Is the water safe to swim in?" you asked. "Yes, I suppose it is. I didn't plan on swimming…” "I don't mind swimming in my clothes." You were wearing a simple tunic with loose trousers and you weren't nervous about getting wet. He studied you for a moment and noticed your curiosity, so he agreed. You took his hand and led him to the small pond. You took off your shoes before dipping your toes in. The water was a decent temperature, not too cold and not too warm. You slowly moved into the pond until the water reached your neck. You could still stand on the ground with your feet and you felt comfortable. Kylo waded through the water until he reached you. His strong arms wrapped around you gently, as if to hold you above the water so you wouldn't drown. You leaned against him. The warmth from his body was refreshing, mixed with the cool water that touched your skin. The water felt good on your aching muscles and it felt good to move around and exercise. He slowly lifted you so you were on your back. You floated in the water and smiled. You felt very relaxed, knowing he was next to you. After a few minutes, you stood back on your feet and took a deep breath before lowering yourself underwater and holding your breath. After a few seconds you needed to breathe, so you rose above the water, your hair dripping, and your face covered with drops of water, but it felt cool and invigorating. Kylo ran back to the blanket where your supplies were. He took out a towel that he had packed and ran back to you, carefully wrapping you in it as you came out of the water. You didn't feel cold. The sun was shining and you felt warm. You sat on the blanket as he prepared a picnic dinner. You started to eat the food and you looked around, admiring all the beauty you saw. It was great to be back in nature after the Finalizer. "Y/N," he said after some time. "There's something I should tell you. Something I should've told you earlier, but I - I couldn't." "Okay," you said. "What is it?" He took a deep breath. "Years ago, I cared deeply for someone. Her name was Yesmin." You scooted closer to him and leaned against him and he happily allowed it. He ran his hand through your wet hair and continued. "She was a knight. You were an officer, so you wouldn't have known her very well. At first, I was asked to watch over her. When I was asked to train her, we grew closer. We never expected to fall in love. The more I trained with her, the more I loved her. We became very close." "We knew we'd have to keep our love a secret. I took her to this planet for three glorious months. We spent every day together and I cherished it. In fact, I took her to this waterfall many times. She would swim in the pond and we would sit and talk. At night, we would watch the stars. The other knights discovered our secret and I told them if anyone had a problem, they should talk with me." He continued to hold you and you listened carefully, relaxing into his soothing touch. "Yesmin and I went into battle one day. It was a small planet and The First Order planned to control it. I had another knight with me for protection. You probably remember him...Colyer Ren." "Yes, I remember him," you said quietly. "He and I fought together against the Resistance. Yesmin got separated from us and I tried to get to her." He paused for a moment. "She was shot and I rushed to her side as soon as I could. She was bleeding badly and she would never have made it. Before she died, she told me that..." You brushed your hand against his back, assuring him you were there. You gave him a kiss on the cheek as you saw tears forming in his eyes. "She was pregnant," he choked out. "I lost her and the baby that day." "Oh, Kylo..." You continued to rub his back. Tears slowly flowed down his cheeks. You wiped them away with your hand and you turned his head to give him a deep kiss. You would do anything for him. "I vowed I would never love again, Y/N. But then... I trained you. I never expected to love you, but I did. I don't want to lose you, like I did with Yesmin. I won't let anything happen to you. I will protect you.” "Kylo, I'm so sorry." "Shhhh. It's okay, love. She's been dead for at least seven years. I miss her every day, but I love you." "I love you, too. Thank you for sharing that with me. I promise, I will always be loyal to you. I know what it's like to lose someone you love, even though I don’t remember much. We can make new memories with each other." "You are correct. We can make new memories.” "I know," you said, brushing your thumb over his cheek. "I trust you." You both packed up your belongings and you walked back to the cabin with him, holding his hand, and leaning against him. He had shared a very private moment with you and you knew that he trusted you, just like you trusted him. ______________________________________ When you reached the cabin, you sat down on the bed. You were very tired, but you couldn’t stop thinking about what Kylo told you. He had loved someone else. You felt bad for him, knowing that he lost someone dear to him. You were both so similar. When he came out of the ‘fresher, he glanced at you before going to a small desk. “Do you have more paperwork to do?” you asked. “Just a little,” he replied. “I’ll be done soon.” You nodded and he continued working. You started to watch him work on the datapad and you thought about your husband. You hadn’t told Kylo about the dreams. You gazed upon him and you started to think about your husband. Could you let go of John? Could you allow Kylo to be a part of your life? Suddenly, you saw yourself in a small room. You were with a young man, who you assumed was John. “I have to work, sweetie. I’ll be done soon.” You saw yourself sitting near him, while he worked on his datapad. Your mind thought of the two dreams and you felt your eyes close. You could imagine him hugging and kissing you, telling you to let go of him. You saw the image of him slip away and – “Hey. Hey, Y/N.” You jolted back to reality and saw Kylo sitting next to you. You were breathing heavily and you tried not to cry. “Are you alright?” he asked. “I’m fine,” you said quietly. You were a little in shock from the vision you had. “Are you sure? You looked frightened. Did you see something?” You shook your head. “No, no, I’m fine.” You lowered your head, trying not to cry in front of the knight you loved. Your master. “Y/N,” he said soothingly. “Tell me, please.” You knew you should be honest with him, since he told you something personal. “I – I had a dream, a few weeks ago. I saw my husband. I didn’t know it was him at first, but I think the Force reassured me that it was. He…” You paused for a moment and he pulled you toward him, assuring you it was going to be okay. “He told me I should let go of him. He said it was okay to trust you. To be with you. I’m just so confused.” “Shhh, it’s okay. You should rest a little. Don’t worry about it.” He started to stroke your hair to calm you. “Kylo, I want to be with you. I do. It’s just…” “I know, darling. I know. You miss John. It’s normal. It took me a long time to cope without Yesmin. If you don’t wish to be with me, it’s okay. I will always be here for you and you can still stay with me. I won’t let Hux take you back to him. I won’t.” He made himself a little more comfortable on the bed and he kept you in his arms. “Kylo, I choose you. I know it’ll be hard to let go of John, but I love you.” “I love you too. Do you want to say goodbye?” “What do you mean?” you asked. “John is buried on the planet Crona. I could take you there in the morning and have Elizar and Guindon meet us. You could see his grave and say a proper goodbye. It’s up to you, darling. If you don’t want to, it’s okay. We can go back to the Finalizer and –“ “No, no, I want to go. I want to say goodbye. I think it would be best.” You gave him a small smile. “Thank you.” “You’re welcome. You should rest. We have a long day tomorrow.” You snuggled close to him in the bed and it didn’t take you long to fall asleep in his arms. Notes: Thank you all so very much for your patience! I apologize that I haven't been super active like I used to. Ever since I got back from vacation, work has been hell and I'm doing my best to try to catch up. Plus, it's been hard to get the motivation to write again... Anyway, thank you for all the comments and kudos you all have left! It truly means a lot that you all love this story! Please feel free to follow me on Tumblr for updates regarding this story -- meganthewriter Chapter 20 : Mourn Summary: Kylo, Elizar, and Guindon allow the Reader to say good-bye to John. Kylo surprises the Reader at the end. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) You arrived on the planet Crona. The entire planet was controlled by The First Order. It was mostly used as a burial site for First Order personnel. It was uninhabited and only the dead bodies remained. John was buried here when you were living with the General. You were a little nervous about seeing his grave. When you landed, Elizar and Guindon met you below, as you exited the ship with Kylo. You were grateful for the extra company. The four of you had to walk a short distance to get to his grave. Tombstones covered most of the area. Your eyes drifted over them. You didn’t recognize most of the names, but you felt a little sorry for them and you wanted to know how they died. Was it a battle? Was it because of anger? Was it treason? You weren’t sure, but there were so many of them. You assumed most of them were Stormtroopers… ones who would never know their families. Many were officers. Some couldn’t be identified because of major injuries and had no name. As you walked, your eyes gazed upon one tombstone in particular and you walked toward it slowly. You could hear the crunch of the leaves under your boots. You read the writing on the stone as you came closer. Beloved Husband and Father. Officer John Andrew Cobb. You felt yourself falling to your knees, even though you were pregnant. You had brought a bouquet of flowers to lay at his grave, which you did. You closed your eyes, allowing a moment of silence for your husband. The other three knights stood silently behind you, allowing you time alone with him. You opened your eyes and tears formed on the edges. You talked quietly to him. Maybe he could hear you. “I’m so sorry,” you whispered. “I wish I could remember you. I wish I could remember our time together, but I can’t. Everything is still hazy and I might never remember. Thank you for all the years I had with you.” You started to cry as you continued speaking. “I love you so much and I’m so sorry I couldn’t save you. I’m so sorry.” Elizar stepped closer to comfort you, but Guindon stopped him and held him back. All three knights kept their distance, allowing you time to mourn. After you had cried for some time and settled down a little, Kylo came and leaned down beside you. He touched your shoulder to let you know he was there. Your teary eyes looked into his and you fell into his arms. As you wept against his chest, his black robes gave you comfort, and his whispers to you made you feel loved and cared for. His scent soothed your upset nerves. Elizar kneeled down next to him and whispered something, which you couldn’t understand. He picked you up in his strong arms and placed you on a small tree stump near the grave site, letting you know he’d come back for you. You weren’t far from John’s grave. Elizar, Guindon, and Kylo knelt by his grave. They placed their weapons in front of it, except for a small blaster that Kylo laid at his right side. They knelt there for a few minutes, honoring the fallen officer. He didn’t deserve to die the way he did and they were going to honor his tragic death. Tears flowed down your red cheeks as you watched them, treasuring this memory in your heart. They cared and you appreciated it, even in a sad moment. Elizar and Guindon rose, raising their hands in a salute. Kylo took the blaster in his hand. Boom! He fired one shot. A loud sound rippled over the planet and made your body shake, not from fear of the noise, but from the effect. Boom! Another shot was fired. The blaster was shot twenty-six times, one time for every year of John’s life. When there was silence, Kylo put the gun in his holster. Elizar and Guindon came to you, wrapping their arms around you. Kylo stayed at John’s grave and you saw his lips moving, but you couldn’t hear what he was saying. “What is he doing?” you asked them. “I think he’s asking permission,” Elizar said. “Permission for what?” “To be with you. He wants John to know that he cares about you.” “We’ll give him some privacy,” Guindon said and you nodded in agreement. “When we get back, we have something to show you.” “Oh, yeah? What?” “Well…” “Don’t tell her, E!” “Right, sorry. We’ll show you when we get back.” “Alright,” you said. You felt a presence behind you and when you turned around, you noticed Kylo was behind you. “Y/N, I should have told you a long time ago, but I received the test results from your visit to the medbay…” “I know. I know. I’m pregnant. I heard you talking with General Hux. I’ve known for some time.” “I would have told you, Y/N, but I didn’t want you to worry.” He knelt down on one knee and looked into your eyes. “Kylo?” “Y/N, I love you. I love you more than anything. Years ago, as I’ve mentioned, I lost a lover. She was dear to me and I never thought I’d love again. But then you came into my care and I always treasured you. I don’t want the same mistake to happen again. I will protect you and your unborn child. I want to spend the rest of my life with you.” He took out a small box in his robe pocket and opened it. Inside was a Corrilian diamond ring. You knew they were expensive and it shimmered in the light. It was very beautiful and tears were forming in your eyes. You looked into his and he spoke. “Will you marry me, Y/N?” Notes: Thanks to BregoBeauty for being the best beta ever! I apologize for being slow to update. Work has become busy, at least until the end of the year... so I will update when I can. I recently purchased a new car! I love it so far! It's a 2017 Ford Fusion. You can see a picture on my Tumblr -- meganthewriter :) Thanks to all who are continuing to read and leave comments! If you have suggestions or ideas, please feel free to mention them! I'm open to suggestions. Chapter 21 : Reunion (part 1) Summary: The Reader marries the man of her dreams, but also is surprised near the end... Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) 1 month later Elizar and Guindon led you into a small room. The walls were painted a lovely coral color and you saw a small armoire in the room. They were clearly hiding something from you, with grins on their faces. "What is in the armoire?" "Well, we figured a bride needs to have the best. After all, it is your wedding day." "So... we figured you would need a dress..." They pulled the armoire open to reveal a beautiful white dress. The dress was long and flowed to the floor. As you put it on, you could see it shimmer in the mirrors that covered the vicinity of the walls. The dress was covered in sparkles and your bare shoulders showed a little muscle from your training. The back was covered in lace and it covered your figure well. They placed the veil on your head and you smiled. You didn't remember your wedding with John, but you knew it had been a special moment for you. Even though you could see your round belly through the dress, it was very comfortable and you felt beautiful in it. You decided to keep your hair down and you fixed your makeup. You couldn't help but smile as you looked into the mirror. You were about to marry the love of your life. Kylo Ren. The Master of the Knights of Ren. You would be under his protection. His love. His care. You wondered if Kylo was as nervous as you were. You wondered what he looked like. Was he dressed in a fine tuxedo? Or did he decide to wear his black robes? Would he be masked or unmasked? No matter what he chose, you still loved him deep down. You sat in a chair, waiting for the ceremony to begin. You and Kylo decided to have a private ceremony. You invited Elizar and Guindon, but no one else. You wanted your friends to be witnesses to this special day. Your foot tapped on the floor. You could feel butterflies in your stomach. You hadn’t noticed the shimmer of jewels that laid on the table next to the armoire. When you stepped closer, you noticed a note. A beautiful bride deserves beautiful jewelry. I hope you will accept them. They will look gorgeous on you, my dear. Love, Kylo You smiled. There were two separate pieces of jewelry. A beautiful diamond necklace that matched the engagement ring he gave you. Elizar helped you put it around your neck. There were matching earrings to go with the necklace. You put them on as well. You started to take deep breaths. You could hear the clock ticking and you wished time would stop for once. You wanted to soak everything in. All the memories you had with Kylo. All the care and love he had given you. His promises to you. You felt a hand touch your shoulder and when you turned around, you gazed into the Knight’s eyes. He was wearing his long black robes, but he was unmasked. His hair was smooth, but still had the curl that you liked. He looked handsome and you knew it. “I realize it isn’t customary to seeing the bride before the wedding, but I wanted to give you something special before the ceremony. I trust you like the jewels I picked out for you?” “Yes, I do. They’re beautiful.” “Just like you, my dear.” He smiled at you and you smiled back. “Elizar and Guindon, could you please go fetch the surprise?” They both nodded and left the room quietly. “Would you like to dance?” You nodded. He put his hands at your waist and you wrapped your arms around his neck. You swayed back and forth. You didn’t have music, but between you both you found a steady rhythm. “Are you nervous?” he asked. “A little. I don’t remember my previous wedding.” “It’s alright. I was a little nervous as well. Marrying a beautiful girl. It’s a lot to take in. I promise, however, that I will always protect and love you. Love your child. Our child.” “Thank you. I really appreciate everything you’ve done for me.” “You’re very welcome.” Suddenly, he stopped and his eyes looked over at the entrance to the room. You turned your head to see Elizar and Guindon standing by the door, with a young child between them. “Y/N, this is Aurora. Your daughter.” Notes: This chapter is in two parts, to keep the suspense going... This part was not edited so I apologize for any errors or miscommunication. I may fix it later once I have the edited version back. Part two will be posted as soon as possible. Thanks for much for reading and commenting! Means a lot! I've also started a new Reylo AU story, titled "Love At First Sight." Please read and leave me suggestions on how to continue! Chapter 22 : Reunion (part 2) Summary: The Reader marries Kylo, the love of her life. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) "Y/N, this is Aurora. Your daughter." You froze. You both stared into each other's eyes. You were extremely nervous. What would you say to her? You barely knew her. Kylo knelt down next to Aurora. "Remember what I told you, sweetheart. Your mother doesn't remember anything. You'll have to help her remember, okay? We'll make new memories together. All four of us." "Four? There's only three people. Mommy, you, and me." "Your mommy is pregnant." Aurora's eyes showed curiosity as she approached you. She touched your round belly. As you studied her, she kissed it. You reached your hand out to stroke her hair. She looked up at you and smiled. You smiled back. "I wish I remembered you, Aurora. I'm so sorry." "It's okay, mommy. Daddy told me everything. I mean, Kylo, did." "Actually, sweetie, Kylo is going to be your father. I am marrying him today." Elizar and Guindon held a light pink dress, covered in lace. They handed it to you and you helped Aurora step into her dress. There were a couple of bows that you placed in her hair. "Mommy? Do you still love my real daddy?" "Of course I do, sweetie. I miss him terribly. I wish I could remember what he was like." "Well, he was an officer. He was really funny and handsome. He liked to call you his princess. He didn't like working on the Finalizer though. He always hated codes. You were always leaving to train. I... I wish I could've said goodbye to him." She started to lower her head and you wrapped your arm around her. "I'm so sorry. I wish I could've saved him. If only I had known..." Kylo came over and wrapped his arm around you. "I know that your father was a special man, Aurora. I asked him if I could marry your mother. I think he said it would be okay, because I love her. We had a funeral for him. I promise that I will do everything I can to be a father, okay? I'll protect you and care for you, just like John did. Okay?" She looked into his eyes and nodded. He smiled and brushed his hand against your cheek. "Now, I should probably finish getting ready. I'll see you soon, beautiful. Soon we'll be married." You smiled at him and he exited the room. You continued to help Aurora with getting ready and you checked your hair and makeup. When the both of you were ready, you headed to the small room where you two would be married. ______________________________________ Aurora walked down the aisle, holding hands with Elizar and Guindon. When they reached the end, you started to walk down the aisle slowly. You could see Kylo at the other end of the aisle. He looked handsome and you smiled, your eyes getting wide. When you reached the end of the aisle, he took your hand in his and led you up on the small stage in the room. You both faced the priest and he began speaking. Reminding how you two met. How you fell in love. As you stared into each other’s eyes, you saw the memories in your head. You realized he was thinking the same thing. "Kylo, do you take Y/N to be your lawfully wedded wife?" "I do," he said. "Y/N, do you take Kylo to be your lawfully wedded husband?" "I do," you said. "Do you have the rings?" Kylo nodded and took out the ring, placing it on your finger. You were only able to glance at it, but it looked beautiful. "Repeat after me, Kylo." He paused for a few seconds. "I, Kylo, take Y/N to be my wife. To have and to hold from this day forward. To care for her, in sickness and in health as long as you both shall live." Kylo repeated these words. The priest asked you to repeat the same and you did. You placed the ring on his finger. He nodded his head once and Kylo took your hands in his. "I now pronounce you man and wife. You may kiss the bride." Your smile got wider and he lifted your veil. You rested your hands on his cheeks as you leaned in. You both shared a deep kiss before going back down the aisle, as husband and wife. _________________________________ You saw Kylo come towards you and you were happy to see him. He came up to you and stroked your body. He threw you onto the bed. You noticed your round belly was gone. "My sexy girl," he said. "You going to be good for me?" "Kylo, what’s happening? I’m so confused." He slapped your cheek and you whimpered. "Now, now… be good for me." He gently kissed you, pushing his tongue inside your mouth. "You like being my pet, don’t you?" You looked at him in shock, but he didn’t care. "Be a good girl and this will be fun." He yanked off your shirt and started to suck your nipples. You found your arms restrained so you couldn’t move them. You felt him remove your panties. He stroked his fingers over your wetness and plunged them inside you. He wasn’t gentle and you yelped in pain. "Please, please, stop. Please, sir. Please, Kylo." "Shut up. You’re my sexy toy, aren’t you? I’m not even done with my little play thing…" You felt him fucking you with his fingers and you cried for him to stop. "Please, please, don’t. Please, don’t…" "Please, don’t," you murmured. "Y/N! Wake up!" You felt him shake you and you gasped. "Please, don’t hurt me," you said to him and he looked puzzled. "I won’t hurt you, darling. You were having a nightmare. Are you alright?" You didn’t want to discuss the dream. Would he really treat you that way, like the general had done? Was it only a matter of time before Kylo tried to force you? After all, in three months your baby would be born. Kylo could decide to impregnate you quickly, if he wanted to. You couldn’t trust him fully. You needed to be sure. "I’m fine," you answered quietly. "It was nothing." "What happened? What was your dream about? "You… you forced me. Like the General did. You didn’t care…" You were both in his room. You had been tired after the wedding and decided to sleep right away. But the nightmare made you nervous and you weren’t sure you’d be able to sleep again. "I would never do that, Y/N. I love you. I love you so much. I’ll never force you to do that." He kissed your lips, sweetly and gently. You tugged on his black locks to draw him closer to you. He deepened the kiss and you softly moaned. He kissed your cheek and moved slowly down to your neck. "Kylo, wait…" He looked up at you. "Do you… do you truly love me?" You saw his eyes soften and he stroked your cheek. "Of course. I love you so much, baby. Let me show you. If you’ll let me…" You nodded. He found the most sensitive areas of your earlobes, gently sucking and kissing, and making you gasp. He had placed a couple of pillows underneath you to keep you comfortable. You tilted your head to give him more access and his lips found your collarbone, exploring it gently with his lips and tongue. You shook underneath him and he looked up at you. "Do you want me to stop?" he asked gently. "No, please, don’t," you begged. He ripped the band covering your breasts. Your nipples were hard and erect. He continued nipping at your collarbone, until he reached your breasts. He kissed around your nipple, avoiding it to tease you. You panted, wanting him to go further, but he hesitated. He came back up to kiss your lips and he grinned as he did so. You felt your breasts wanting his attention and he finally gave you what you wanted. He took a nipple into his mouth, sucking and licking. He teased it with his tongue and your body jerked at his movements. You liked it. He moved down to your round stomach, kissing it gently, and rubbing his hand on it. He slowly stroked his hands down your thighs. You kept your legs open for him and he asked if you were comfortable. You agreed and he put a pillow under your ass to help with support. He laid on his stomach and positioned himself so he was pressed against your entrance. His tongue licked your folds ever so gently, avoiding your clit. He kissed your thighs. He watched you as you panted, making sure to stop if he needed to. However, he liked watching you moan when he stopped for a moment. He knew you wanted more and he would give it to you slowly. He teased around your labia, licking slowly, and keeping his tongue flat. He continued to lick around your entrance, making you moan underneath him. His lips found your clit and he gently kissed and sucked. Your moans got louder and you felt an orgasm coming. He pushed a finger into you, your walls covering his finger in your juices. You ground into him and you felt your orgasm coming. "Oh, kriff! Kylo, yes, yes, yes…" You felt the wave of your climax take over and you moaned as you came. He lapped up your juices and you pulled him towards you. You kissed him deeply and you could taste yourself on his lips. When you parted, he helped you sit up, and held on to your back, making sure he didn’t hurt you. "That… was…. amazing." You leaned against him and he kissed your cheek. "You didn’t hate it?" "No, it was… it felt… incredible," you panted. "I love you so much. I wanted to prove it to you. I’ll give you anything you desire." "I love you, too, Kylo." You forgot all about the dream you had. Nothing else mattered except him. You knew deep down that you could trust him. Your love. The Master of the Knights of Ren. Your husband. Notes: Thank you all for your patience! My beta wasn't able to edit this part, so I apologize for any errors or misunderstandings... things have been really busy between us. Thank you all for reading and commenting! I'm excited because my birthday is next Thursday! I'll be 24 :) Plus one week from tomorrow is Rogue One! So excited to see it! Chapter 23 : Worry Summary: The Reader and Kylo discover the truth about the past and they run into a troublesome situation. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Kylo told you he had a short meeting, so he left you in the corner chair to rest comfortably. Elizar and Guindon were in the room next door, so you had someone to talk to if needed. You were feeling tired, so you decided to rest a little. You stood up from the chair, being careful of your stomach, and you walked slowly towards the bed. When you sat on the bed, you carefully laid down on your back. As you did so, you noticed movement out of the corner of your eye. You turned your head and noticed a knight standing before you. You recognized him immediately. “Hello, Lady Ren.” “Colyer Ren, it’s good to see you,” you said. “I thought you were on a mission.” “I was, but I came back early.” “I don’t remember Master Ren –“ “He didn’t request me to come back. I willingly did. I needed to protect him.” You were confused. “Protect him from what?” “You,” he snarked. You looked at him with shock. Protect Kylo from yourself? What did you do wrong? You never hurt him. You cared deeply about him. “I don’t…” “You’re pregnant, aren’t you?” He glanced down at your round stomach. “Yes, but the baby isn’t his.” “Then whose baby is it?” “We don’t know. I had a blood test done to determine that information. I know Kylo isn’t the father.” He shook his head and chuckled. “It only makes sense he’s the father. You’re his little whore, aren’t you? His little fuck toy.” “No, I’m not,” you said angrily. “He loves me. He would never treat me that way.” “Maybe not now, but eventually he will. I’ll make it go away. He’ll recover like he did before and things will go back to normal. Now, be a good girl.” He charged towards you and pinned your shoulders to the bed. Your pregnant belly didn’t give you much mobility, so you struggled to fight him. “What are you doing?!” you shouted. “Shhh. This won’t hurt. I’ll make it quick. It needs to be done.” His lightsaber activated and you closed your eyes tightly, expecting to die. You started to sob. Your mind wandered to Kylo in those few seconds. You loved him and now you would never see him again. Suddenly, you heard Colyer grunt, and he was wrestled to the ground by Elizar and Guindon. You opened your eyes and saw them pin him down. They struggled to hold him down, but they were finally able to fasten his hands in binders. They forced him to stand up and you gripped the covers tightly with your hands. You were shaking and tears rolled down your face. “You got him, G?” you heard Elizar ask and Guindon nodded. Guindon held onto Colyer and Elizar came over to you. “You okay?” he asked. You were still in shock, so you could only nod your head. “Shhh, c’mere,” he said. He wrapped his arms around you and pulled you close. You started to cry against him. You didn’t notice Kylo come into the room. You felt his hand touch your shoulder and you felt his breath against your cheek. “I’m here, dear. It’s okay,” he whispered. You looked into the dark knight’s eyes, before he marched over to where Colyer stood, and grabbed him by the neck. Elizar held you in his arms to comfort you, while Kylo dealt with the knight. “Speak, Colyer.” “I shouldn’t have to, Kylo. Enjoying your little pet?” “She is not my pet! Why did you try to kill her?! Speak!” He gripped Colyer’s neck tightly. “She’s not helping you. She’s making you soft and weak. You need to focus on the goals of The First Order and she’s not helping. Now, she’s pregnant. What will happen when she has the baby? She can’t fulfill her duties and care for an infant! Just end it now. We can find another knight.” You watched as Kylo’s grip tightened and he glared at him. You had never seen him so angry and you admitted you were a little scared of him. “I do not tolerate betrayal. As one of my knights, I expected better from you. You not only tried to kill her, but you tried to murder her child. The child is not mine, but she’s entrusted me to help her with him.” You watched him raise his hand, as he started to read Colyer’s mind. You watched the pain in Colyer’s eyes. “You… you killed Yesmin. Didn’t you?” Silence filled the room. “DIDN’T YOU?!” he shouted. “Okay, yes. I made sure she was killed in the battle. You don’t need either of them. I am doing this for your own good!” “Take him downstairs and wait for me,” he growled. Guindon led him away. He glanced at your teary eyes. “Elizar, can you stay with her? I must complete a task. I’ll be back shortly.” “Yes, sir. I will watch her.” He nodded and rushed off, leaving you in the comfort of Elizar’s arms. ____________________________________ Elizar stayed with you for what seemed like hours. You were curious to know what was happening. Was Kylo interrogating Colyer? Torturing him? Was Colyer dead? Elizar gave you a gesture and you both left the room, searching for the two knights. As you walked through the ship, you felt a cold and dark presence. You knew that feeling. You had never been around him, but you knew he was evil. Snoke. Supreme Leader Snoke. You could sense Kylo nearby and then, you heard his voice. You stayed near the room, the chamber. “He tried to kill her! Tried to hurt her and the baby! I won’t stand for this, Supreme Leader!” His mask was off and his voice echoed through the chamber. Your ear was pressed against the wall. “He’s become weak, Supreme Leader! Soft! This girl is pregnant! A child! She can’t fulfill her duties as a knight! She’s weak!” “She is NOT weak! She needs to rest. Supreme Leader, this child… this child could be useful. We cannot allow this child to be hurt. Many children have helped The Order. This one is no different.” “SILENCE!” The Supreme Leader roared. The room became silent and you could feel your heart beating quickly. Would they kill Colyer? What if the Supreme Leader decided he didn’t want you around anymore? “I believe we have a special guest…” The door flew open and the next thing you knew, you were exposed. Elizar was still hidden from them. Your eyes grew wide and Kylo turned to look at you. You were frozen. You did the only thing you could do. You ran. You walked quickly back to your room. You were out of breath by the time you reached the room, but you were happy to be safe. You knew the Supreme Leader couldn’t hurt you from here. But you were scared. What if he ordered your husband to kill you? Kill your baby? Would he do it? A few minutes later, Kylo walked into the room. His mask was still off and he glared into your eyes. He walked toward you slowly, getting closer and closer. “Kylo, I’m… I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have listened. I just wanted to know things. I didn’t mean to make him angry. Please, don’t –“ His lips touched yours quickly and he kissed you deeply. You moaned into the kiss and your eyes gazed into his when you parted. “I’m not angry. The Supreme Leader wants this child healthy. You’re going to be given the best care, starting now.” He picked you up gently and laid you on the bed. He pulled you close to him. “Once we get the blood results back, I’m moving you to the medbay. You’ll remain there until the delivery. It isn’t safe leaving you in the room. You need bed rest.” “I’ll be okay, baby.” “I know that. I have orders from the Supreme Leader. I can’t disobey my Master.” “I understand. As soon as we have the results, I’ll go. I promise.” He kissed your cheek. “Good. Now, rest.” You laid your head against him. “Kylo, what will happen to Colyer?” He stayed silent for a few minutes. “He’s dead, baby. He was killed. It had to be done. Whoever tries to hurt you will suffer consequences.” You nodded and closed your eyes. You noticed his red lightsaber on his nightstand and it gave you chills. He smiled at you as you glanced at it. “You like my weapon, sweetie?” You nodded. “It’s been a long time since we’ve sparred with each other. I can’t wait to do it again. You always amaze me.” Your eyes looked up at him and you smiled. He never stopped to amaze you. He was so kind, yet so devious. When he raised his voice, it gave you chills down your spine. You could remember him yelling in the chamber. The way his voice echoed off the walls of the room. His warmth as he held you. His heart may have seemed cold, but he felt so warm and safe. The last thing you remembered that day, was your eyes closing, and his soft lips kissing your forehead as he whispered to you. Notes: Thank you all for being patient! I'm not sure if I'll have another chapter written before the end of the year, so if I do not, have a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year! It was my birthday on the 15th and then I saw Rogue One on the 16th, so life has been busy. Plus work is starting to get a little easier now... so hopefully I can write a little bit. January and Februrary will be a little hectic, but as soon as I can, I'll try to post more often. I hope you all are enjoying this story! Thank you for leaving comments and kudos! Means a lot! Follow me on Tumblr where I'll try to post updates :) ---------> meganthewriter Thanks to my editor and friend, BregoBeauty for her help with this story! I know things have been busy for us, but I'm glad we could help each other. To think we've only talked since April, but we've met once, and developed a good friendship. Chapter 24 : Birth Summary: The father of the Reader's baby is revealed and the baby is finally born. Notes: Nothing graphic in this chapter. I didn't detail the birth, skipped over it. Hope you enjoy! :) (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) A few days later, the results came back for the blood test. This test would determine the father of the baby. You sat on the medical table, praying the baby was not Hux's. Kylo was not allowed inside, so he sat in the waiting room with Hux. You tried to remain calm. You glanced around the small medical room. You could see instruments on the wall and cabinets with medical supplies. You didn't like going to the doctor or even a hospital, but you knew you needed the care. The doctor came in and washed his hands. "Good morning, Y/N. How are you?" "I'm alright. Nervous." "Don't be nervous. Everything has been going well for the baby. I've been told to give you the best care possible and that's what I'll do. You'll be comfortable and so will your child." You smiled a little. He seemed nice and you knew he would take good care of you. "Now, we should probably give you an examination. It'll only take a few minutes." You nodded and he started to examine you. He checked your heart and your pulse. "Well, everything seems to be fine. We did an ultrasound a few weeks ago and nothing is concerning, so you're doing just fine, Y/N. We'll move you into the medbay soon where you'll remain until you deliver. It's only a couple weeks. Nothing to worry about. We can have Master Ren be with you, if you wish. I assume you'll want him in the delivery room?" You hadn't thought about it, but you knew you didn't want Hux there. "Yes. I want Master Ren there." "I understand, Y/N. Now, General Hux is a possible father, is that correct?" "Yes, that's correct." "And your deceased husband, John. He is also a possibility?" "Yes." "Very good. I have the results here. You are welcome to keep them secret or reveal them. It's up to you." You nodded and he opened the documents. He glanced over them before looking into your eyes. "John is the father of your baby. His blood type matches your son's. Congratulations." You breathed a sigh of relief and a big smile came on your face. You were excited to tell Kylo. You thanked the doctor and you rushed out of the room to tell him. You found him in the waiting room and you gave him a big hug. "Y/N, are you alright? What happened? Do you know?" You glanced over at the general who was glaring at you. You decided to ignore him. You knew he couldn't hurt you anymore. You knew you would never have to be with him again. Your son would not have to grow up with a father who was cruel. You looked into Kylo's eyes and smiled. "Yes, I know. The baby is John's. John is the father." You saw him relax and he hugged you close. "I'm so happy to hear that, baby. I love you." "I love you, too. I'm happy you'll be the father. I know you'll protect him and care for him, just like John would have." General Hux stormed out of the room, furious. He turned to glare at you and Kylo held you protectively. "Stupid girl... I will have you back. I will. And your stupid little brat..." Kylo tried to grab his uniform to hurt him, but the general was too quick, and he sprinted away to the control center. You rubbed his back to soothe him. "It's okay. It's okay. I'm not scared of him anymore. I know I have you to protect me." He huffed, his eyes still glaring in the direction Hux left. He held you close. "We should get you into the medbay. In a few weeks you'll deliver there and you'll be safe. Come." He led you into the medbay where you'd be staying for a few weeks. You knew things would be okay. You knew John would have been proud. ___________________________________________________ (A few weeks later) You woke in the middle of the night. You could feel terrible pain and you knew it was time. Kylo was asleep next to you in a chair. “Kylo… Kylo….” You spoke loudly. “Hmmm? You alright?” He was waking up. “No… no…. I think it’s time. I think I’m in labor…” “Okay, okay, stay calm. I’m going to get help.” He rushed out of the room and you knew in several hours, you would meet your son. _____________________________________________ (10 hours later) A cry filled the room. Your body relaxed a little. You heard your son cry and Kylo’s eyes were filled with tears. They started to clean him up and weigh him. 8 pounds, 2 ounces. “You did so well, Y/N. So well. So proud of you, baby.” Kylo stroked your hair and kissed your lips. His eyes sparkled, for he knew this was his son. Your son. The last child you would ever have with your deceased husband, John. As they handed him to you, wrapped in a blanket, your eyes filled with tears as you stared at the newborn. His hair was a dark brown like John’s. He looked so much like him. It was incredible. The baby curled up close to you for warmth. He was so beautiful. “What name have you chosen, Y/N?” You looked at the nurse and back down at your baby boy. You had thought of some names, but you weren’t sure of your favorite. But looking at your son, you knew right away. “Jacen. Jacen Ren.” Your eyes looked up at Kylo and he smiled. The nurse nodded, jotting his name down on a piece of paper, and she walked away to record the information. Kylo came nearby and stared down at the newborn. “Jacen… welcome to our family. We love you so much.” “Do you want to hold him?” “I- I would love to.” You handed Jacen to him carefully and he tucked him close. “Hello, son. You are so beautiful. I won’t let anyone hurt you or your family. I promise.” You couldn’t help but stare at the image of your husband holding his newborn baby. It would forever live in your heart. ____________________________________ Elizar and Guindon had visited shortly after his birth. They each held him and admired him. A few knights came to show their respects, but there weren’t too many visitors. You never saw Hux and you were grateful. He didn’t deserve to be around your son. “He’s so beautiful, Y/N. How do you think Aurora will handle him?” “She’ll be excited. Kylo sent someone to get her. Figured it was time she met her little brother.” “She’ll be a good, big sister. She has your personality.” You smiled. You knew your daughter was like you in many ways. You were very energetic as a young girl and it showed in your daughter. You may have not remembered your past, but you had read some descriptions of events that occurred in scrapbooks and it matched your daughter’s personality. Aurora walked in a few minutes later, climbing up on the bed. “He’s so cute!” “Shhh, sweetie. You have to talk quietly, okay?” “Oh, okay.” She whispered silently as she talked to her younger brother. “Hi, I’m Aurora. I’m your big sister. You’re going to learn a lot from me. See, your daddy was my daddy, but mommy doesn’t remember him… so we have to teach her about him. But we still have a daddy. His name is Kylo. He’s really cool. He-“ She continued talking and you couldn’t help but smile at her. She curled up next to you as you held Jacen, continuing to talk about her likes and dislikes. It wasn’t long until you all had fallen asleep, Jacen and Aurora snuggled up against you, and Kylo leaned against your shoulder. Your family. The loves of your life. Notes: Thanks so much for reading, commenting, and leaving kudos! This fic may or may not wrap up soon. I haven't decided how far I want to go. I'm working on a Reylo fic and I really want to spend more time with it. I can't believe 2016 is almost over. It feels like it went very slow for me. I'm very saddened to hear about Carrie Fisher and her death this week. Also saddened to hear about Debbie Reynolds as well. I feel so bad for the family and I hope that they can feel peace with knowing both ladies are in a much better place. My other fic, "Love at First Sight," may be put on hold for a while, since it's hard to write chapters with the character Leia, knowing she's gone. I may even decide to stop the fic permanently, but I haven't decided yet. As always, thank you all for your support. Feel free to follow my Tumblr for updates with this fic. Chapter 25 : Games Summary: The Reader adjusts to her new life and she offers something to her two friends. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) A few days later, you were able to return home with Jacen. Kylo had worked on preparing a room for Aurora and Jacen to share. He had supplied a crib for Jacen and a new bed for Aurora, along with toys and clothes for both of them. He set Jacen down in his crib and Aurora started to play with her toys. He came and sat next to you on the couch and he kissed your lips. “My beautiful wife.” You rested your head on his shoulder as he wrapped his arm around you. “What can I do for you? I want you to be happy. Loved.” “I’ve seen how you treat the children. You care about them deeply. I’ve seen how you rock Jacen to sleep and sing to him. Aurora loves to spend time with you. I’m very happy. I feel very loved.” “I know you haven’t gotten to see much action lately with the pregnancy. How about we go to the training room? You and I? You’re still a knight after all…” “I suppose. It’d be nice to kick your butt again, Master.” You grinned at him and he smiled. “I look forward to it. I’ll message Elizar and Guindon and see if they can watch the kids for an hour and we can leave soon.” You nodded and prepared a couple bottles for Jacen in case he would wake. Elizar and Guindon arrived and you gave them some instructions, just in case. You headed down with Kylo to the training rooms and began to spar. You didn’t notice Hux in the shadows, watching you both. You didn’t know that he had a plan. ______________________________________________ Elizar kept you company one afternoon. Kylo was called on an emergency mission, but he said he would be back before nightfall. You had been up most of the night with Jacen, trying to rock him to sleep. He was resting in the crib, while you folded some laundry, and cleaned up the bedroom. You wanted it to be tidy before Kylo came back. “How’s Jacen doing?” he asked. “Very well,” you replied, glancing at his crib. He was fast asleep and you were relieved. “I’m glad to hear. Hope he hasn’t been keeping you up too late.” “He has, but Kylo has helped me. Most of the time he’s just lonely and wants attention.” Elizar walked over to his crib and took Jacen’s tiny hand in his. You saw him smile and it warmed your heart. “He’s so beautiful.” “Thank you.” He came and sat next to you. You noticed him lower his head a little and he was frowning. He looked sad. “You alright?" you asked. “Yeah,” he said. “It’s nothing. I’m fine.” He continued to stare at the ground. “Tell me… please.” He looked up into your eyes and sighed. “Guindon and I have talked about having children, but it’s become complicated. We both agreed that we want one of us to be the biological father.” “That is understandable,” you said. “One of you would have to use your sperm. It just depends on who wants to be the father.” He nodded. “Yes, but we also talked about using a surrogate. Someone who would carry the child for us and then give her or him to us. But only someone we can trust. Guindon has done research, but many of them have backed out. We’re worried that we’ll never find anyone. I’ve been doing my own research, but no one will speak with us. I told him last night we may need to consider adoption, but he refuses that idea. He wants the first child to be biological.” He paused for a moment. “I don’t know what to do…” You could tell that he had dark circles under his eyes, so you knew he wasn’t sleeping well the last few days. You thought about what he said. Couldn’t you be a surrogate? It had never occurred to you, but maybe you could help them. After all, you had two children. You never had problems with your pregnancies. According to your doctor, you were very fertile. “Elizar, would you allow me to consider being a surrogate for you?” His eyes grew wide as he looked into yours. “You’d do that for us? Really?” “I wouldn’t mind, as long as it is okay with Guindon. I told Kylo I wanted to wait a couple years to have more children. I don’t want to rush things. This would come at a perfect time. I’d have to talk with my doctor, but I think I’d be able to try in a couple months. Maybe Kylo and I would start trying afterwards.” “I just… I don’t know what to say,” he said. He looked so happy. You could see tears forming in his eyes. “I’ll talk with Kylo about it. I’m sure he’ll allow it. I know how much it means to you both.” You pulled him into your arms and you held him for several minutes. It made you smile to see your friend happy. You didn’t notice Guindon walk into the room. “Alright, you two, what’s going on?” You smiled and looked over at Elizar, nodding your head. “I have some news, G.” “What news?" Guindon asked. “Remember how we wanted to find a surrogate?” “Yeah, but I told you that it has been really hard.” “Well, Y/N has volunteered as long as Kylo will agree.” Guindon’s face turned into shock as he looked at you. You could see a glimmer in his eye. “Really? You would do this? For us?” “Of course. You’re my friends and you deserve to have a child that you can both care for and love. The least I can do is carry the child for you.” You felt them both kiss your cheek and you smiled. Both had a few tears in the corners of their eyes. You loved seeing them so happy. “I’ll let you know what Kylo says.” “We really appreciate it, Y/N,” Elizar said. “Yes, we really do.” You came and sat next to them. You watched Guindon take a card game out of his pocket. You weren’t sure what it was, but you were eager to watch. "Hey, ask her if she wants to play," Elizar said. You saw them both look at you and you declined. "I’d rather just watch, if that’s okay." "Of course," Guindon said and he dealt out the cards. You watched as they played. A few times Elizar would show you tips on how to play. You watched as they would slam cards down on the table and shout at each other and you felt yourself giggling at them occasionally. Eventually, it came down to the last few cards. Guindon laid his on the table and Elizar gave you a little wink. He laid his down on the table and Guindon looked shocked. "I won! Take that, G!" "Whatever, E. She helped you." "Hey, leave her out of this... she’s cool." He smiled at you and you smiled back. “How about another game?” Elizar said. “I’m down for it, but let’s make it interesting this time.” “Okay, like what?” He thought for a minute. “Loser has to... hmmm… this is tough,” Guindon said. You had an idea. “How about this? Loser has to be the other’s servant for the day. Do whatever he says and you can’t complain about it, no matter what he asks. And… you have to wear a dress for the whole day.” Both of them grinned at each other. “I like her thinking,” Guindon said. “Same, shall we make that deal?” “Deal.” They shook hands and Guindon shuffled the cards. You watched him deal out the cards and they began to play again. Things were pretty intense and you could see they were getting nervous. You ran into the kitchen and got them some water. “Why thank you, m’lady. See? She could be useful,” Guindon said. You rolled your eyes. “She’s not our servant, G,” Elizar said. “Besides, she needs some love right now.” “I know. I’m just teasing…” “It’s fine. It was my pleasure.” You sat back down and continued to watch them. You saw Elizar look up and grin. He placed his cards on the table. You looked over at Guindon and an evil smile formed. He laid down his cards and you gasped. He had won. Elizar had lost. “Ha ha ha! You lose, E! I’ve already got a list in my head for you,” he said laughing. “Sorry, Elizar,” you said. He looked up and smiled at you. “It’s alright. I lost fair and square.” He turned to Guindon. “Alright, you won. What do I have to do?” “I’ll tell you tomorrow. Enjoy tonight, because tomorrow you get to wear the cutest little dress and you have to do what I say.” You couldn’t help but giggle, imagining your friend having to wear a dress. You glanced toward the door and you saw Master Ren enter. Elizar and Guindon cleaned up their game and the messes they had made and Kylo came to check on you. “Hey,” he said, kneeling beside you. “How’s Jacen?” “He’s been sleeping most of the day,” you said. “I missed you.” “I missed you, too, darling.” He gave you a peck on your lips. “Do you need us to stay, sir?” Elizar asked. “No, thank you both for staying. I appreciate it.” “You’re welcome.” Elizar came over and gave you a quick hug. “Thanks for the fun.” “Good luck working for him,” you said. “I’ll make sure you get a glimpse of the fun,” Guindon said, hugging you. “It was good to see you. And thanks…” You nodded and they left the room. “What was that all about?” Kylo asked you. “Elizar lost a bet to Guindon.” “Those two are still betting? Last time they did that, Guindon lost three hundred credits. I told him to be more careful.” You smiled. You could never imagine that going well with Guindon. “Yeah, it’s a long story. Are you free for the rest of the night?” “Surprisingly, I am. What shall we do? “I’m a little tired. Maybe just stay in and watch a movie?” You looked into his dark eyes and he smiled. “Sure, how about you get cozy in the bed? I’ll grab the datapad and make some snacks.” You nodded and carefully climbed under the soft covers. The bed dipped beside you and Kylo climbed into bed. He wrapped his arm around you and you leaned against him, resting your head comfortably under his chin. His body felt warm against yours and you could hear his heart beating in his chest. He started to play the movie. You didn’t understand what it was about, but you continued to watch, and you grazed on the snacks he had made. You felt your eyelids getting heavy as the movie continued and the last thing you remembered was Kylo giving you soft kisses on your forehead. Notes: Hope you all are enjoying this story! Happy New Year! I have some resolutions to make and I'm telling myself to keep them. I have to take my computer in to get fixed, so I'm not sure when I'll be able to post another chapter. Hopefully it won't take too long... but you never know. Please leave me comments and kudos! Thanks! :) Chapter 26 : Goodbye Summary: The Reader becomes a surrogate for her friends, but will it affect her relationship with Kylo? Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Your body slowly started to wake from sleep. You were curled up against Kylo. You could feel the warmth that radiated from him. Your eyes were still closed and you sighed happily. You felt very safe with him. You could tell he was still fast asleep by his breathing. You opened your eyes and carefully towered over him. You slowly leaned down until your lips were touching his. “Mmmmm… someone’s a early bird,” he said, groaning. “Good morning to you, too…” You slowly started to kiss his neck. He softly moaned beneath you. Your mind started to think of the conversation you had with Elizar and Guindon last night. You sat up and leaned against him. He wrapped his arm around you and noticed your face had changed. “You alright? Did I upset you?” “No…no… I just… I have something to ask you.” “Okay, what is it?” “I talked to Elizar and Guindon last night. They want to find someone who would be willing to… to carry a child for them. Someone who would hand over the child when it was time. I… I volunteered, but I said I would talk with you. I know you want to have more children… but I know we said we’d wait…” For a few moments, all you could hear was the sound of you both breathing. You were nervous. Was he mad? Mad that you would carry someone else’s child? “Oh,” he said. “ I see…” “If you’re mad I can just-“ “Mad? No, I’m not mad. I just need to think about this. It’s a big decision. I mean, are you sure you would willingly give up the child? What if you started to love the baby?” “I would have to give the baby up no matter what, Kylo. I would have to be strong. If I become attached, I guess I would be honest about it. But I wouldn’t betray my friends…” “How would you get pregnant? Would one of them…” He gave you a look. “No. No. They wouldn’t have to sleep with me… no… there are ways to avoid that. But yes, one of them would be the biological father. So… one of them would use their sperm…” Things fell silent again. You sighed. “Kylo, I just want to help them. I promise. They’re just friends…” He pulled you close and held you tightly. “I just want to protect you. I just want you happy. So… if it means a lot to you, then I’m okay with it. Just promise me that you’ll be careful, alright? I love you.” “I love you, too. I’ll be careful. I have an appointment in a couple days. I’ll tell Elizar and Guindon that you’re okay with it, right?” “Yeah, do what you think is best…” He smiles. “Thank you. I promise, everything will be okay.” __________________________________ (4 months later) Four months went by since you had the procedure done. Guindon had agreed to be the donor, so you knew he would be the biological father. A couple months after the procedure, you became pregnant. “You- you are? E, we’re… we’re going to have a baby.” You saw them both kiss each passionately and it made you smile. You were relieved after the first three months passed. You had been very sick from the pregnancy. Kylo stayed by your side as often as he could, trying to comfort you. Now, it was the second trimester and you were feeling much better. Today you had an ultrasound to determine the gender. Elizar and Guindon had agreed to reveal the gender. You were excited to know as well. They performed the ultrasound and said the baby was doing very well. No complications. You were relieved to hear that. The technician looked at the screen and smiled. “It’s a girl.” Elizar and Guindon’s eyes widened. “A… a girl. G…” “I… I know. A little girl. Our princess, E… our princess…” You smiled. You were very happy for them. You knew they would be excellent parents. They both kissed your cheek and Guindon’s hand touched your round belly. “Thank you, Y/N. We couldn’t do this without you.” You smiled. “You’re welcome.” “How’s Kylo handling this? I imagine seeing you pregnant with someone else’s child…” “He’s doing alright. The first few months were tough, but I think we’ll be okay. I think he’s been a little distant… we’re not as close as we were. He’s been good with the children though. Plays with them a lot and makes sure they get to bed on time. He’s a good father.” “Well, if he is unkind to you because of this, come stay with us. We have an extra room. We’d love to have you nearby. For our little princess’ sake…” You smiled and nodded. You were grateful for their friendship, especially during this time. ________________________________________ (3 months later – 7 months pregnant) “Oh…” You touched your round belly. You had felt something. Something amazing. Something you couldn’t explain. You were alone. Kylo had taken the children to the hangar to watch the ships, since Aurora wanted to see a TIE fighter. You could feel a pulse. A beam of light. Your daughter. You could feel her energy. She was Force-sensitive. Your face beamed as you rubbed your stomach. She was strong. Strong in the Force. “Hi, baby girl. I… I love you. Mommy loves you.” You could feel her leap inside you. She knew your voice. “I… I know you love me, too. But you’ll have different parents. My two best friends. They’re both amazing and you’ll grow to love them. But I’ll always love you, sweetie. I’ll see you in a couple months and I know you’ll be beautiful.” You sighed. This would be harder than you thought. ___________________________________ (After the delivery) You panted on the bed, covered in sweat. You felt completely disgusting at that moment, but the minute you heard your baby cry, everything changed. Kylo was in the delivery room with you, since you had asked him to be. Guindon stayed near the back of the room, since he was the biological father. You didn’t mind if he was there. Elizar agreed to stay in the waiting room. They carried your baby to a table and cleaned her up. They weighed her and did some tests on her to determine if she was healthy or not. They wrapped her in blankets and placed her in your arms. You looked at her little face. Her eyes were still closed, but she curled close to you. The same way Jacen had. You smiled at her. She was beautiful. Absolutely beautiful. “Hi, sweetie. Welcome to the world. You’re so beautiful… my sweet, little girl…” You saw Kylo leave the room at that moment. You knew he had been uneasy about the pregnancy, especially when you had woken him last night. You had been in labor for almost ten hours and you were exhausted. But seeing this little miracle made it all worthwhile. Guindon came over to the bed. There were tears in your eyes. You didn’t want to let her go. “May I see her?” Your teary eyes looked into his. “Y/N, you promised. Please.” You sighed and handed her to Guindon. Elizar came into the room and smiled at her. “She’s so beautiful, G. I love her so much. We should name her. She deserves it.” Guindon held her tiny hand and smiled. “Welcome to our family, Nova. We love you.” As they continued to coo at her, tears ran down your cheeks. Not only did you give away your daughter, but you didn’t have your husband to comfort you at this time. When they left with Nova, you broke into tears. You didn’t realize it would be this tough to say goodbye to her. You didn’t notice Elizar enter the room as you cried. “Y/N? What’s wrong?” He came and sat by you. His face looked concerned. “Nothing. Nothing. I’m fine.” You tried to hold back tears. “Please, tell me. Did we do something wrong?” You stayed silent and he noticed how you were clutching her baby blanket in your hands. “I’m so sorry. I- I didn’t realize… you can see her whenever you want. I promise. We won’t keep her from you.” “I… I have to let her go. She’s not my daughter. She’s yours.” You handed him the blanket and he took it. “Please, we want you to be in her life. She needs you. C’mere. C’mere.” He wrapped his arms around you as you sobbed against him. At that moment, you wished your strong knight was there with you. You missed him terribly. You didn’t notice Guindon come into the room, holding his daughter. All you wanted was Kylo. “I’m sorry,” you whispered. “I love you. Please, don’t leave me.” Notes: I did a little research with being a surrogate, so I don't know everything. Hopefully I did okay with explaining it within the last couple chapters. I'm adopted myself and with any mother who gives her child away, they usually feel very upset. It was hard to write the ending, knowing that she is very upset. But her friends are always loyal and they'll do anything to make her happy. We should see that in the next chapter. Thank you all for reading, commenting, and leaving kudos. This story will be wrapping up within the next few weeks. A few more things to cover and then we will wrap it up. I am in the process of writing a Reylo story for all you Reylo fans and I want to focus on that story more. You guys are all awesome, by the way! <3 Chapter 27 : Secrets Summary: The Reader hears a shocking plan and it causes her and Kylo to rethink about staying... Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) After a couple days you were allowed to return back to your room. They gave you special instructions and said if you had concerns to return. You had seen your children while you were in the medbay. They were happy to see you and Aurora had gotten to see Nova. She loved her and said she would be the best big sister ever, but you stayed silent. You didn't want to upset her. Kylo would come and ask if you were okay, but you both didn't speak much. You tried to talk to him, but he would make up some excuse. As you arrived in your room, you set your hospital bag down and climbed into bed. You pulled the covers over you and you tried to sleep. Tick. Tick. Tick. It felt like you had been awake forever, but you had only been in your bed for thirty minutes. You sighed and sat up. You noticed Aurora standing in the doorway. She looked sad. "You alright, sweetie?" "Are you and daddy getting a divorce?" You stayed silent for a minute. "Why do you think that?" You invited her to climb up on the bed. "Because daddy just trashed a private room with his 'saber... he seems really mad and you haven't talked to him since Nova was born..." "It's complicated, honey. I don't think daddy was happy that mommy was pregnant with someone else's baby..." "But you weren't doing anything wrong..." "I know. I promise, we aren't getting divorced." "I don't want to lose another daddy." She started to cry against you and you held her tightly, trying to soothe her. "Shhhh. Shhhh, sweetie. You won't lose daddy. He still loves us and I still love him. It's going to be okay..." You slowly rocked her in your arms. You looked up and saw Kylo standing in the doorway. "Aurora?" She looked up at him with tears in her eyes. He came closer to the bed and sat near her. "I'm really sorry if I upset you. I got angry and I shouldn't have. I promise, your mother and I are still going to be together." "Really?" She sniffled and you handed her a tissue. "Yes. I love your mommy. I love you and your brother. And I love Nova. Daddy let his emotions get in the way of his family. And I'm really sorry..." Kylo held Aurora and rocked her slowly. She started to fall asleep in his arms after several minutes and soon she was fast asleep. He looked into your eyes. You could see the hurt that radiated from them. "Y/N, I'm so sorry. I've been a terrible husband. I should've stayed with you. I didn't realize how upset you had become..." He let out a sigh. "I love you. I love you more than anything. I'm not sure that staying here is good for us. There's so much I don't agree with anymore... I don't want to see our children grow up here..." You looked at him, confused. "You want to leave the Order? But what about Snoke?" "It's too risky with the General. I don't trust them anymore. I think you and I and our family should leave. I know a wonderful place where we could live and hide from the Order. I want you safe." "But the General hasn't come near me... everything has been fine. Even when I was pregnant-" "He's been planning something, Y/N. Hiding. Using spies. It seems the Order is starting to question my leadership. Question your knighthood. You're the only female knight and now they're calling you names..." "Names? Like what?" You looked worried. "I don't want to repeat them. I've done everything I can, but even my own knights are questioning me." "They are? But I thought-" "I thought so, too." "Kylo... if the Order means the world to you..." "No. No. You're my wife. My love. I would rather leave the Order, knowing I'll be with the most beautiful girl in the galaxy." You couldn't help but smile at what he said. He kissed your forehead and helped you into the bed, still holding on to Aurora. "Sleep, baby. We'll talk about this later. I love you." "I love you, too." _________________________________________ A few days later, you wandered down the halls. Kylo was in a meeting and you had gotten tired of sitting around, so you decided to take a walk. He asked to have the children watched so you could relax. You thought about what he had said to you. He wanted to leave the Order? You thought the Order meant everything to him, but you found that he cared about you more. You passed by a room and you could hear yelling. You were curious and decided to listen. You couldn't sense Kylo. "She is going to make him leave the order, Supreme Leader.... she can't be trusted." It was General Hux. You listened closely. "What do you suggest, General? She is a Knight of Ren. One of our finest." "She hasn't trained in months. She's too busy being his fuck toy... I suggest we have her kidnapped. I'll take her to a secret planet. She'll remain under my care. Her children will be sent to the academy to be trained. Kylo will get over it and come back to us. We need to separate them, once and for all." You heard silence, but your heart was pounding in your chest. Hux was going to hurt you. Kidnap you. Force you to fuck him. You tried not to throw up. You felt sick to your stomach. "Very well. Do what you must, General. Make sure Kylo Ren reports to me afterwards. I have more training required of him." "Yes, Supreme Leader..." You ran from the room, dodging into the nearest private room you could find on the ship. You were in tears, your body trembling. You knew it was time. Time to leave the Order. Time to run. _____________________________ "He...what? You're sure that's what he said?" "Yes. He plans to kidnap me. Hurt me. Take the children away. I... I can't..." "Shhh. Shhh. He won't touch you. We know his plan now. I won't let him hurt you." "Kylo, I'm scared. I'm scared, baby." "I know. I know." He held you tightly, rubbing your back to soothe you. "We'll leave in twenty-four hours. It's time for us to go. Stay close to me. No one can be trusted now." Notes: Thanks so much to all who have read this fic, whether it was from the very beginning or whether you started right now! I will be wrapping up this story soon, sadly, but I am working on another Reylo fic that I hope to post within the next few months. Thank you to a few people who have helped me with this fic and given ideas. Thank you to my wonderful editor, BregoBeauty, and my friend AllofReylo for her help as well. Feel free to follow me on Tumblr for updates on all fics :) ~meganthewriter Chapter 28 : Endings Summary: The Reader and Kylo make their escape and we see how their lives moved forward after leaving the Order. Notes: WARNING: please prepare a box of tissues. It is a bittersweet ending... Please enjoy! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) (12 hours later) “Kylo… Kylo…” It was almost three in the morning. You had heard a noise and you were nervous. “Hmmm? What is it?” He groaned as he turned to look at you. “I heard something. I think someone’s outside the room…” He sat up abruptly. He rose out of bed quickly to go near the front door. You couldn’t see him for a bit, but then he came back in the room. “Hux. Hux is here. We have to go… now.” You panicked. Had he come for you? Did he plan to kidnap you? Now? Kylo sorted your belongings and woke Aurora up. You packed a small bag for her. You had already packed Jacen’s things, since you knew he would require more care. “How will we get out? We can’t go through the door…” “I’m going to distract Hux. Lead him into this room. Once I do, you take the children to the hangar. Get onto my ship. Here’s the key.” He handed you his key and you looked into his eyes. “Stay on the ship and stay quiet. I will come when I can. If I don’t come within ten minutes, then leave. I’ll find another way. If I don’t see you again… this is goodbye. I love you.” “I love you, too, Kylo.” You kissed him before you heard Hux knock on the door. You took the children and quietly led them into a small guest room that you never used. You told Aurora to play the quiet game, although you knew she wouldn’t last long. She was a talker. “General, what are you-“ “The girl, Ren. Where is the girl?” “I don’t know. She’s not here.” “What do you mean she’s not here? It’s the middle of the night!” “Why do you need her? “I don’t. The Supreme Leader requests her presence.” “Why? She is one of my knights. If he has problems with her, he can talk to me…” “Afraid not, Ren. The game is over. She is done. It’s time for you to think about the duties of the Order again…” “I have kept the Order in good, working condition! Don’t you try to tell me how to do my job!” “Oh, but I will! I will find her, Ren! And when I do-“ Suddenly, you heard silence. You could hear someone’s hand turning the doorknob. You froze, clutching Jacen close to you. You put your hand over Aurora’s mouth to silence her, in case she tried to scream. When the door opened, you saw Kylo looking at you with bewildered eyes. It was then that you saw it. Hux’s body, laying on the ground. Dead. Hux was dead. Kylo killed him. “I… I had to kill him. He’s too dangerous. C’mon. We need to hurry.” He rushed you all to the hangar, carrying Aurora in his arms. You struggled to carry your bags, but you made it to the ship. You climbed into the pilot’s seat, unsure of how to fly his exact shuttle. You figured it out quickly, however, and you took off as quickly as possible. You sighed. This was it. No turning back. You were done with the Order, forever. _____________________________________ (One year later) “Welcome to the family, Stella.” You held your baby girl in your arms. The first child you had with Kylo. She looked so precious. She had Kylo’s dark, wavy hair, but she had your eyes. She was absolutely gorgeous and you felt so lucky to have her. “May I hold her, babe?” You nodded and handed her to him. After leaving the Order, you didn’t hear much about them. You knew they were still wandering the galaxy looking for the Resistance, but you never had to worry about them chasing after you. Kylo had changed his name to Ben. Ben Solo. It was his birth name and he knew that no one would care. You decided to take his last name as well. It only seemed fair. You also had your children’s last names updated as well. You didn’t want the name Ren to be heard in your family again. You now lived on a planet called Itascha. It was a beautiful, lush planet. Plenty of food. Plenty of water. Good places to live. Ben was able to find a job, working on trade ships. You were proud of him. He had a lot of credits from the Order, but he wanted to earn most of the credits himself. You didn’t work, but you kept busy taking care of the children and cleaning. Not to mention, cooking every meal for your family. Aurora was now eleven years old and she still had John’s personality. You missed John a lot, but you were grateful to be with your new husband. He cared for you deeply. Jacen had turned six. He looked like John, but he was your little boy. He loved to cuddle with you and help you bake. You felt so happy when you were with him. It felt like forever ago that you were on Orion. Forever ago that you were with John. You stepped out of your cozy, little cottage and looked up into the sky. You could almost see John’s face in the clouds. “Hi, princess. I’m glad you’re happy. You made the right decision.” “Thanks, John. I miss you, but I know you’re in a good place.” “I love you and our family. Stay safe, my love.” “I love you, too.” _______________________________________ (Many years later) You rose into the clouds. You could see your body lying on the medbay bed. Ben was next to your side, tears streaming down his face. “Goodbye, Ben. I love you. Thank you for everything.” As you reached the top, you saw a figure in the distance. You smiled as you looked into his eyes and you wrapped your arms around his neck. “Welcome home, princess.” _______________________________ A few years later, Ben also joined you in the clouds. It took many years for your children to join you as well. You had served your time and now it was time to be together, forever. No more was your life a shattered reality. You now had purpose. A family. Hope. A future. You were forever loved. Notes: I wanted to thank you all for your support over the last six months while writing this story. It has been an honor to write every chapter. I have to admit, I cried writing the last couple of parts to this chapter. The Reader finally got to see her husband John again and years later her husband Ben. Thank you so much to my beta BregoBeauty. I know the last few months I have not been sending things, but she's always been supportive. I cannot wait to see what other stories we have in store for the future. I am working on a Reylo story, which I hope to have out as soon as possible. I want to wait until the whole story is edited before I post anything. I will continue to update "Love at First Sight" in the mean time, so you don't have to wait too long :) Once again, thank you for all the kudos, comments, and love that you've given this story. I appreciate all of you who took the time to read and comment. Thank you so much. Please feel free to talk to me on Tumblr -- meganthewriter :) Thanks! Love, Megan Notes: This is my very first fic on AO3, so I hope you all enjoy it. Thanks to my editor and friend, BregoBeauty, for all her help with editing and discussing ideas. I apologize for any grammatical errors, if any.