Rey cursed. When she had given the General those coordinates, she hadn't expected him to work so quickly. She had been expecting months before their plans could be put into action, not two weeks. Rey grabbed an already packed bag, one she kept just for this purpose, and joined the mass of panicked voices, her acting impeccable as she searched for Poe and Finn. A saber hung from her belt, but it was not the familiar silver blade that once belonged to the famous Luke Skywalker. This one was her own: sleek, black, and dual-bladed, made with crystals red as blood. She jumped when a hand fell heavily onto her shoulder, and Rey turned. Finn stood behind her, Poe close on her heels. "Rey! Thank goodness we found you! The General has a shuttle, she wants you with us." It was Poe that spoke, his words quick. With her on the same shuttle as the General, Hux would be able to find her with much more ease. It was perfect, really. Rey followed the pair, hurrying into the shuttle and hearing the doors close behind them. "We've got word from the other bases, every one of our major bases are under attack. Poe, we need to get out of here." Leia's voice was calm, but Rey could sense she was shaken: hands curled into fists, a gleam of anger in her eyes, the flashes of power rolling from the Force-user. It was all proof enough for Rey. Poe slid into the pilots seat and Rey stared out the window of the ship as they lifted into the air, just as another swarm of TIE fighters swooped down over the Resistance's main base of D'qar. Rey felt a pang of sadness as the Falcon went up in flames, though she burned the thought just as quickly as it had come. Once this was all over, she would have a better ship, one that didn't remind Rey of her past, her old life on Jakku. Finn stood at her shoulder, a comforting hand on her shoulder, as if taking her silence for sorrow. Rey felt calm. Too calm, perhaps, for someone running for her life. She frowned, her eyes sliding down her arm, to rest on the band of metal around her wrist. It was a simple, silver-toned band, lighter than such a thick band should be. Rey let her fingers trace the etching in the metal. Hux and Kylo would always be able to find her, no matter how far she traveled. She was pulled from her musings as Leia let out a low growl, and Rey lifted her head just as they pulled out of the planets atmosphere, seeing the stars brighter than they had ever been on the burning planet below. A squadron of TIE fighters hung in the darkness, and Rey's eyes widened as the First Order's flagship, The Finalizer, materialized above them. There was a scurrying of feet and the slide of a chair as Leia took the co-pilots spot, prepping for a jump to hyperspace, only for the ship to shudder around them, powering down completely, save for the hum of the emergency generator that kicked in movements later. No one moved as the holoviewer flicked to life, and Rey had to hold her breath to hide the smile as the amused form of General Arlo Élan Hux appeared before them, his loyal captain just behind his shoulder. Rey bristled, and Finn gripped her shoulder tighter, fear radiating from him in waves of red pinpricks, palpable to the Force-sensitive. "Thought you could escape, now, did you?" His words were aimed at the General, now standing just behind Rey, stoic. For a moment, Rey admired the General's tenacity, her fearlessness in the face of adversary. There was another shudder as the ship was pulled into the much larger star destroyer, and dropped roughly to the ground. A quick glance towards the window told Rey that they were inside the ship now, storm troopers in their stark white armor milling around, blasters drawn. There was a sharp /clang/ and Rey's head snapped towards the door, eyes widening as he entered, greatcoat fluttering behind him. "General Leia Organa, a pleasure to finally make your acquaintance," his voice dripped with honeyed sincerity and Rey blinked, forgetting their plan. Without pause, Hux turned to Poe and Finn, eyes taking in the pair. "And the Traitor and his pilot, I wondered if we'd ever see each other again..." And then his cold gaze was on her, and. Rey closed her eyes, shrinking back as his gaze trailed up and down. "And the scavenger I've heard so much about... What a surprise, what a surprise..." When she felt her mind was once more under control, Rey opened her eyes, meeting the cool gaze of the General. She hid a smirk, hands rubbing the metal around her wrist, knowing the time had come, evident by the way the silver-plated Captain Phasma stepped closer, blaster nowhere in sight. "General Leia Organa-Solo, Pilot Poe Damerom, and Traitor FN-2187. You are under arrest for action taken against the First Order, and past crimes." Leia said nothing, not even looking in Rey's direction as she was bound, dignified still, even as a prisoner, led away. The other two stared at Rey incredulously, Finn fighting the storm troopers that advanced on him and Poe. Rey turned, her eyes closing as the metal cuffs closed with a heavy click , not wanting to see the betrayal in their eyes as they were led into the depths of The Finalizer. --- On the other side of the galaxy, far from D'qar, Kylo, the First of the Knights of Ren, stood before his master, head bowed, waiting for the old man to speak. Kylo had never considered himself Sith, and he had certainly never considered Snoke to be one of the fabled Sith Lords, but the fact remained: for the General's plan to work, truly work, the apprentice must ruin the master. "You would destroy everything we've built, for a scavenger?" The old man's voice was hoarse and Kylo bristled at the tone. With the so-called scavengers help, he and Hux had completed more in a few months than Snoke ever had in the fifteen years Kylo had been under his control. And perhaps, just perhaps, there were a few personal reasons as to why Kylo Ren stood before the Supreme Leader, his knights behind him, weapons drawn, ready to kill at the order of the First Knight. For a moment, Snoke seemed to shrink, his billowing robes swallowing the thin limbs and bony body and Kylo found he was not ready for the slam of power, throwing him against the rocky wall. He had wanted a fight, and Snoke would not let his life go easily. "You have become soft, Ren," Snoke's voice echoed around the chamber, thin, but filled with tangible venom, and Kylo narrowed his eyes, staggering to his feet, saber in hand, blade flickering red. The other Knights moved towards their puppet master and Kylo snarled, swinging the deadly blade. "He's mine." As one, they stepped back, and Kylo bared his teeth, stalking closer to Snoke. "Soft? Anything but soft, Master ." Kylo's voice was mocking. "I've come to realize there's more to this than being manipulated by an old man." Kylo lunged, his blade slicing down towards his master, who vanished, only to appear once more, just out of reach. "I see what they plan, Apprentice. If you think they will see you as an equal, you are sadly mistaken." Kylo growled. Guilt was a tool, that was all. "Unless you have other motives?" Kylo should have been prepared. There was a clatter as the cross-hilted saber landed in the rock, and the Knight fell, hands scrabbling against his face. The scar burned, and Kylo's eyes clenched as claws dug into his mind, fracturing any sort of barrier. Snoke's voice echoed in his mind, and Kylo's eyes fluttered. Rey stood before him, a look of pity etched onto her features, her black and red uniform crisp, a sleek, silver hilt held in one hand. Hux, garbed in immaculate white and red, lounged on the black throne, just steps behind her, fingers tapping an impatient, staccato rhythm, though Kylo noticed he couldn't hear the sound. The soon-to-be-Emperor's lips moved, and Kylo read the two words, to which Rey, his own apprentice, who so-far surpassed her training, tilted her head, a smirk dropping from crimson-painted lips, the blade crackling to life in her hands. As quick as the vision came, it was gone, and instead of the searing pain of a lightsaber's blade that Kylo was expecting, warmth filled his body, energizing the Knight in a way he had never felt. He surged up, blade appearing in his grasp, the look of surprise across his Master's face as the Crimson fire ignited in the man's chest, straight through his frail heart. Kylo Ren spun, his breathing labored, before Snoke's body hit the ground, staring at each of his knights in turn. No longer would he and Knights be controlled by a madman hidden among relics of the past. "Lord Ren?" The voice came from behind him, and he didn't turn, instead clicked the saber off, glancing towards the dias, and Snoke's dark throne. "Gather what can be carried. The rest will be destroyed." His voice was harsh and Kylo felt them scurry into action as he strode towards the throne, pacing the perimeter of the dias, his eyes never leaving the seat, until his eyes landed on a hinge, hidden almost from sight. With a shove of the force, the throne toppled to the side, cracking as it fell, and Kylo felt a grim satisfaction course through his form as the Supreme Leader's fortress slowly lost its power. He knelt, cloak billowing around him, and slip open the trap door, peering into the inky darkness below. It was a room, a treasury, of Snoke's most prized possessions. Kylo dropped into the chamber and ignited his lightsaber, sending a sinister glow across the room, casting shadows. Holocrons and scrolls and books lined the shelves, and he stalked past them in favor of a blade, sleek and deadly, a cold, black blade, etched with markings of the Sith. His lips turned, into a soft smile, predatory, almost, and he reached out, hefting it with one hand and swinging it. It moved effortlessly, despite its weight, and Kylo felt his appreciation for the sword grow. It was a blade fit for an Emperor. He wrapped the blade in a length of cloth, pulling himself from the hidden chamber. He could sense his Knights making their way back to the shuttle, and he turned from the crumbling throne room. No one would call the crumbling planet home, ever again, Kylo decided, as he set sights towards The Finalizer. Notes: Once i have a moment I'll change the tags and update things, I'm currently flying to Nola o.o