“Ayyyyy, fuck yeah!” Jay called as a TIE fighter exploded. “Yo, Red 1 to Red Leader – there’s like 40 of them and only three of us.” “There are 24,” Zoey corrected, doing a quick count. The Red Leader’s voice came through the headset. “Thanks, Zee. Red 1, watch your language.” “Yeah, yeah,” Jay complained as he zoomed through the stars. “Here’s the game plan,” Poe continued. “1, you take the right, and 2, you take the left. I’ll go right up the middle, and we’ll see what happens.” “Got it,” Zoey nodded, and then she momentarily switched into one-on-one speaker mode. “Jay, I love you,” she said. “I love you, too, monkey. But we’ll be fine – we got this.” “I know,” she smiled. “Just in case.” “Hey, before you go – did you hear from our favorite Jedi? Where the fuck is he?” “He and Rey were going in from underneath. That was the last thing he told me.” Jay swallowed thickly at her choice of words. “Alright.” “I’m turning Poe back on,” Zoey noted, unaware of what she’d just said. “Alright,” Jay repeated. “Kick some ass.” “You, too,” she said, and he could hear her grin. Something blew up to Jay’s left, and he cheered. “That’s my girl!” he cried. He could hear Zoey laugh through the headset, and then three more ships went up in flames. “Holy hell, 2,” Poe said. “That’s four for me. Are you boys gonna catch up any time soon?” “Oh, you’re on,” Poe replied. He nailed three in a row, but Zoey had already hit two more. “That’s ten down!” she called. “Fourteen to go!” “Easy peasy,” Jay answered. “Hey, could this be taking any fucking longer?” Nate grumbled. “Just hold on ,” Rey complained. “So impatient for a Jedi. These things take time.” “Don’t have to,” Nate responded. “I’m still new at this, okay?” she asked, frustration seeping into her voice. “Can you just let me get this one? You can practice later. This is important.” Rey sighed. “Fine.” Nate focused on the locked door and willed it to move. In seconds, it swung open. He motioned for Rey to climb up first, which she did – but only after a subtle roll of her eyes. Once they were in, Nate used a hand to shut the door behind him, and then they were off. Rey drew her lightsaber, and Nate tried not to look interested. He knew it was Luke Skywalker’s; by now, practically everyone in the galaxy knew that. They’d all heard of Rey. But even though Nate had been on two assignments with her before this one, he still hadn’t let himself get a good look at her weapon. She wasn’t a show-off, so it had been tricky to even try, especially since every time she had it out, they were somewhere dangerous. Nate followed behind her, activating his gold lightsaber. The hue was extremely rare, and that was another thing that everyone in the galaxy knew. Nate Kulina has a gold lightsaber . It spread like wildfire. There was only one other gold one known to exist, and it had belonged to the incredibly wise Qu Rahn. All Jedis knew by heart what he'd said about good and evil and the Force. Jay had been so proud of Nate, and Nate would never forget the look of awe that spread across Zoey’s face when she saw it. Highly skilled fighter, it meant. Strong in the light side of the Force. Loyal. Out of humility, Nate always tried to conceal the color when he could, but he couldn’t deny its truth. The lightsaber chooses the Jedi, after all… Nate and Rey glanced at their surroundings, he assessing a way out, and she devising a plan for a way further in. A starfighter flew past the window, right past the window. Nate chuckled as he recognized Zoey’s X-Wing. “That’s one hell of a pilot,” Rey murmured, watching the starfighter take out two TIE-fighters in one shot. “Yeah,” Nate agreed, a rare smile flitting across his face. “That’s my kid sister.” Rey blinked at him, surprised but pleased. “Are you serious?” “Yeah. She's the only one that's not scared to fly that close to stuff." “I like to fly, too,” Rey said, a little wistfully. “You do it all, huh?” Nate asked. “Don’t tease,” Rey said, turning away. “I’m not. It’s cool.” They kept moving down the hallway, and Nate added, “My family’s all one or the other. My brother and sister are pilots.” “I didn’t know you had a brother,” Rey mused. “Yeah, he’s older.” “Zee is your sister’s name, right?” “Yeah." Then he quickly whispered, "Hold on.” He put an arm out to stop her walking, and they both pressed their backs against the wall. He held a finger to his lips and mouthed, “Storm Troopers around the corner.” Rey nodded and held her lightsaber up, ready. “Hey, I heard they have tacos today,” one of the guys said. “Yes,” the other one replied enthusiastically. “Oh man, I could go for tacos every fucking day.” Those were some fucking stupid last words, Nate thought, just before he sliced the guy’s legs off. Rey plunged her green lightsaber into the other one’s chest. Nate stared down at the two men. They were the definition of wrong place, wrong time. “Let’s get out of here,” she said, grabbing Nate by the wrist – like Zoey often did – and dragging him away. “Fuck,” Zoey muttered into her headset. “What?” Jay asked. “Language, 2!” Poe called. “Sorry, just-” Zoey sighed. “Eight more TIE Fighters just came out of the ship.” “Which side?” Jay inquired. “West,” Zoey replied. “They haven’t seen me yet. I think.” “I’ll be right there,” he assured. “I’ve only got one more.” “Jay, he’s chasing you,” Poe chuckled after a moment of scanning the sky. “You’ve got to tell us this stuff; that’s what we’re here for. Let me help you out. Hang on.” The ship on Jay’s tail exploded after fifteen seconds. “Thanks, man!” “No problem.” Jay zoomed to where Zoey was, and Poe followed. All three starpilots were on the west side of the ship, ready for whatever the Empire was going to throw at them next.