One Nisa wiped her brow, staring down at the comm placed delicately before her on her lap. Another day, another Resistance agent begging her to contact General Organa. These two were...different, maybe. Handsome certainly. A pair, one with back, close-cropped hair and a complexion a few shades darker than her own. And another, holovid star handsome with dark, windswept curls and olive-toned skin. “The name’s Poe, Poe Dameron, and this is Finn,” “Okay.” “General Organa sent us.” Nisa fought an eye roll. “What does she want this time?” “Your help.” “Tell her that my answer hasn’t changed. Tell her it never will. I’m not going anywhere.” “It’s different this time,” Finn spoke up, eyes wide, leaning towards her, voice tight with frustration. “They always say that. You tell the General that I won’t deal with this anymore, okay? I just want to be left alone.” Poe interrupts any sort of tirade she might have gone on then. He says something insane, He lies through his teeth. “We found Luke Skywalker. It was both of them, who sent us. That’s when she slammed the durasteel door in their faces. Scrambling, hands trembling, Nisa had searched through the mess of her cramped living-space to find the out-dated comm. It had come with one of Organa’s first messengers. She hadn’t been able to bring herself to throw it away. She sat down hard then. Nisa set it down on her lap, staring at it like a particularly horrifying insect. Her eyes never wavered from the cursed thing. Master Skywalker… Nisa knew why they’d gotten him to return. The First Order was… But hadn’t they put a stop to that? Nisa had heard the news of the Resistance’s resounding victory. Didn’t that put things to an end? She didn’t need this. She knew that getting into this mess was just going to bite her some time in the future. ‘I’ll sleep on it. I’m just being rash…” Nisa tried to assure herself. Nisa had always lived on Chandrila, her entire life, she’d grown up playing in the streets of Hanna City. She knew all about the great war that had won the galaxy this peace. She’d grown up hearing about the war heroes, Leia and Han Solo, had heard tales of Luke Skywalker, the last Jedi Knight. Was it any surprise that the shy little girl had dreamed so much of one day realizing her destiny as a Jedi, protecting the innocent and keeping the peace throughout the galaxy? And was it any surprise that she noticed the signs faster than any adult ever would? Luke Skywalker had started taking on padawans like stray cats, and little Nisa was determined to join their ranks. Her family were merchants, and when Nisa solemnly explained to her mama and papa that she was going to become a Jedi, they used their contacts with the cities high ups to indulge her, sending a polite comm message straight to Leia herself, explaining that their daughter professed to be Force Sensitive. Maybe Mister and Mistress Ni-Nira never expected it to get very far, or perhaps they thought that Leia would ignore their message, because when Luke Skywalker called upon, in their own home, days later… Mama screamed. Papa fainted. Nisa led Master Skywalker into the sitting room while mama tried to wake papa. She politely offered him some rolls, asking if he’d like any tea. He shook his head no, but he did take the offering of the plate of rolls. “You’re Nisa?” he asked. “Yes, sir,” she replied promptly. They had a lovely conversation, and when he asked, Nisa let him test her. Mama and papa came in just in time to see their daughter, eyes closed tight, even behind her blindfold, dodging each dinner-roll Master Skywalker threw in an extraordinary show of dexterity. “Was that entirely necessary?” mama asked Master Skywalker later, after they’d all come to their decision and were seated across from each other. “It’s a physical aspect of the Force. Advanced reflexes. And your daughter is strong with the Force. I sense i as soon ad I met her.” “So…” “Not entirely necessary, no. But the younglings enjoy it.” Nisa woke up even more conflicted. Memories of her first meeting with Luke- young laughter and excitement, games with dinner rolls- had made you the majority of her dreams. Picturing the indulgent smile of the young man she’d met all those years ago, Nisa found herself reaching for the comm. It was a direct line to General Organa, and it was the stately older woman’s holographic face that greeted a drowsy but determined Nisa Ni’Nira. “You’ve changed your mind?” the General sounded hopeful and doubtful all at once. She nodded. “I want to see him, do you understand? And if I don’t, then I reserve the right to tuck tail and run, okay?” Her lips pursed. Nisa had to imagine that the woman didn’t get demands very often from her agents. “Agreed. I’ll arrange for my agents to return and bring you to our base. Shouldn’t be more than an hour until they get there. I’m sending my best pilot. Again.” “I’ll be waiting.” She hung up. Nisa scanned her cramped, sparse flat. She didn’t care for any of her possesions, not really, so packing light would be no struggle. But still, Nisa found herself sitting on her small, cramped cot, staring around her living space. The thought of seeing Luke Skywalker once again was terrifying. He represented such terrible and wonderful things. She couldn’t reconcile it all. But with the knowledge that she only had about an hour to pack any extra items she might require, Nisa came to her senses. She rushed around the flat, gathering her underthings, a spare tunic, a pair of pants, a jacket, and the old comm. She stuffed it all into a the smallest bag it could fit, and slung that bag over her shoulder. Then, she grabbed a few dehydrated nutri-pacs and shoved them into her pockets. Just in case. That took a little less than fifteen minutes, which left Nisa to her poisonous thoughts once more. After Nisa left home with Master Skywalker, he explained that she’d need to leave home immediately. Her parents had been a bit reluctant, but there was not much they could think of to stop her. Master Skywalker refused any of her luggage, explaining that Nisa would need to give up everything she owned to begin the life of a jedi. It was no trouble for her. She hated the frilly robes her mother insisted she wear. She wanted to dress like Master Skywalker. She wanted to look like a proper jedi. Besides, she wasn’t particularly fond of the toys her parents gave her, preferring the pleasure of walking the streets around her house and exploring the best parts of the city. Her mother and father said a tearful goodbye to her, but she tried very hard to keep any tears from falling. She couldn’t cry in front of Master Skywalker. So she simply smiled her hardest until they rounded a corner and her parents were lost behind them. Master Skywalker took her to a beautiful private home along the river-road. These were the finest houses in the city, and she knew suddenly that this must be where he lived- where her fellow-padawans were as well. She grinned in spite of how much she missed her parents. He led her up the front steps and through the outer gate. The inner courtyard was noisy with children’s laughter, crowded with said children. Nisa’s eyes roams, trying to catalogue all of the strange new faces. She saw two twi-lek girls, a mirialan no more than 7 orbits old, two togruta children, practically identical, a dathomirian boy with bright red skin, a nautolan who had managed to climb halfway up the out wall, a small green rodian, and an assortment of human children. Her smile grew even bigger. “Padawans,” Master skywalker called out. She expected him to scold them, but he only looked bemused. They all rushed towards him, abandoning their previous pursuits. “This is Nisa Ni’Nira. She joins our ranks today.” The children all stared at her, a range of emotions displayed before her. They all seemed welcoming, though. Nisa’s heart fluttered. This would work out perfectly, she assured herself. “Where’s Ben?” Master Skywalker asked the children. The dathomirian boy and the nautolan glanced at each other, looking uncomfortable. “I asked him to watch over you all.” “Ben’s in his room,” the taller twi’lek girl said, voice grave. Master Skywalker frowned. “I’ll be back in a moment.” The twi’lek girl nodded. “I’ll introduce Nisa Ni’Nira to everyone!” she offered helpfully. Master Luke nodded, sending her a warm smile. Once he’d retreated through the door, The girl turned back to Nisa. “I’m Ayag’elis. But everyone calls my Elis. Gesturing to the younger twi’lek, she said, “This is Ayag’aaye. Call her Aaye.” Elis gave short introductions for all of the other children. The togrutas were twins, a boy and a girl. The girl was called Laata, and the boy was Masa. The little mirialan was named Yovi, the Rodian boy was Gret. The nautolan boy piped up, interrupting Elis to tell her that he was called Nem. The smallest human boy, who hid behind Elis’s robes, was called Jonah. He offered her a small smile beneath a curtain of sandy blonde hair. A taller human girl, with skin a few shades darker than Nisa’s and curly brown hair that tumbled down to her chin held out a hand to shake. She called herself Juliami. She looked about the same age as Nisa. Next were the dathomirian boy, who had his arm thrown over the final human boys shoulder in an amicable embrace. They were Stevro and Jord respectively. It was a lot of names to take in all at once, considering Nisa hadn’t had many friends at home, but she was determined to remember them all , even if she had to write it down somewhere. “I’m Nisa,” she said simply, smiling back at them. Gret snorted in laughter. “We know that !” he exclaimed. Elis smacked his arm. m”Shut up Gret. Don’t be mean.” Nisa recognized suddenly that, besides Master Skywalker, Elis was the one in charge. She seemed to lord over the children like a mother. It made Nisa’s smile grow. She was endeared, all of a sudden, towards the blue-skinned girl. Nisa dashed away tears, resolving to expel all of these memories from her mind as soon as possible. There was absolutely no need for them. All they did was make her feel horrible. She was saved from further torture by the second knock on her door in as many days. She rushed forwards, flinging it open. Poe Dameron and Finn were there. Nisa bustled past them, closing the door behind her and striding down the hall towards the lift. “Someone’s eager,” Finn said from behind her. She sent a black look over her shoulder as him, but said nothing. “Ships in the parking bay,” Poe called after her, but both the men left her alone to her thoughts after that. They made it to the small shuttle with no trouble, and Nisa took the back seat without a word. The ride was equally as silent. The truth was, not only was Nisa terrified, she was also angry. This damned Resistance had never given her anything. They’d never saved her, or helped her. No, they only asked her for things. They were asking something of her right now. This journey would kill her. She knew it. But still, here she was in this ship, on the way to see the last person she should want to see tonight. Or, one of the last people she’d want to see. “So, you’re a jedi too?’ Finn asked from the front seat, turning back to look at her. Nisa scowled. “No,” she snapped. “But Luke said-” “I never became an actual jedi,” she continued. “I was just a padawan.” “Oh. Yeah, a padawan. Like, a student.” “Yes.” He looked like he might want to continued, but she sent him a frosty look. Poe, sensing the awkward turn their ride was beginning to take, tried to interrupt . “So, Finn, you ready to see Rey again? She’s been gone a while, off searching for Luke Skywalker.” Finn grunted. “Happy t have the key to destroying the First Order. Happy to know that Rey will start training to become a jedi.” Nisa couldn’t help the snort that left her. Finn and Poe both turned to stare at her. “What?’ Finn asked. “If you think Luke is the key to destroying the First Order, you’re a fool.” Finn blinked at her. Nisa knew that she was probably the first person he’d ever heard say anything bad about him. But then, she had more right to do it than anyone else in the galaxy, didn’t she? “It wasn’t Master Skywalker’s fault that Kylo Ren went off of the deep end and-” “Shut up,” Nisa interrupted, voice dangerously quiet. “Don’t you dare .” He turned large, confused eyes on his partner, obviously asking Poe for some sort of explanation, but the Resistance pilot said nothing, instead, he focused rather carefully on speeding through space, staring intently down at the controls. Controls he’d just checked moments before. The rest of their trip was spent in silence. When they docked at the Resistance base, she didn’t want to leave the shuttle. She was tempted to cling to the seat and never leave. But a voice in the back of her head, an angry, vengeful voice which told her that she couldn’t run away from this. She needed to see this through and take any revenge she could eek out from the situation. It settled the matter quickly, and Nisa exited the small ship, planting both of her feet on solid ground and ducking under the wing. A small group of people was waiting for her. Luke wasn’t there, but General Organa was. The small woman, grey hair tucked into an elaborate knot, stood beside a strange girl, a few years younger than Nisa herself. The girl wore simple grey clothing and her hair was pulled away from her face in three small buns. Poe and Finn had already met the pair halfway, so Nisa closed the gap, approaching both women cautiously. “Nisa,” the General said. “I’m so glad to see you.” She narrowed her eyes at the woman, but made no comment. Better to stay silent for the moment. “This is Rey,” the General continued after she realized she’d get no reply. She was gesturing to the other girl, who offered her a slight nod in greeting. Nisa nodded back. “Rey is Luke’s new padawan. You’ll train with her.” “Will I?” Nisa finally said, raising a single mocking brow. “Is that Master Skywalker had decided?” “It’s what we’ve all decided,” the General countered, pursing her lips. “Rey, this is Nisa Ni’Nira. She’s Luke’s only other student.” “Only student left alive, actually ,” Nisa added. “Honestly, he has a terrible record in that respect.” General Organa sent her a sharp look, but made no argument in her brother’s favor. Interesting. Perhaps she felt a little bit of bitterness towards him as well. “Master Luke is waiting for us,” Rey finally said. Her voice was pointed, but her eyes showed her discomfort. “Lead the way.” “Poe, Finn, come with me. I’d like to be filled in,” the General said. The small group split then. General Organa led the boys off, towards the hulking base, while Rey led Nisa towards the wall of trees in the opposite direction. “We’re going into the wilderness?” Nisa grumbled. “He really knows how to irritate me, doesn’t he?” Rey sent her a confused look. “Why don’t you like Master Luke. He’s an odd man, but he seems decent.” “Now’s hardly the time to be complaining about him. Wait until we can be sure he can’t hear us,” Nisa replied immediately, glancing around the immediate vicinity. They’d entered the forest, and the trees around them seemed bare. The forest seemed deserted. But Luke was a jedi, after all, and there was no telling where he was. “Don’t look so paranoid,” Rey said. “Master Luke’s a ways off. It’s about ten minutes to the clearing.” “Ten minutes?” she asked, wrinkling her nose. “Why is he living off in the middle of the woods?” “Master Luke has been in solitude for a fairly long time now. He needs time to get used to people again. He wanted to stay in the forest until he feels more comfortable.” “Where’s he been?” Nisa found herself asking, even as she told herself that she didn’t care . Luke had abandoned her years ago. Why should she worry how he’d fared those years? It couldn’t have been worse than her. “Hidden away. We found a segment of map which led to an out of the way system. We were lucky the First Order didn’t reach it first.” “I’m sure in their hands, Luke couldn’t do more bad than he’s already done,” Nisa replied bitterly. Rey sighed. “You’re a bit grumpy, aren’t you?” Nisa nodded, sending her a scathing look. But she dropped the subject. Silence stretched between them. Until finally, Rey’s curiosity must have gotten the better of her. “You knew him, didn’t you?” She was quiet, unsure of herself, but the words came out nonetheless. Nisa turned, ready to rebuke her, ready to hiss and tell Rey to be silent. She barely knew this girl. What gave her the right to ask anything . But she didn’t. Nisa was quiet except for the rasp of her breath. Her throat clogged with something , and each heartbeat seemed to come slower. “I did,” she finally managed. But it was all she could get out. “Was he always… Was he always so…” Nisa beamed at the other children as they led her from the courtyard into their home. It was a nice place. She could tell it was well-kept and well-made, but their was too much evidence of the children who crowded into the entrance-way to say it was an elegant home. She saw a small cloth toy hanging off of a small end-table, and a few empty cast-plast cups clustered next to the sink. There were scrapes along the far wall that looked to have been made by a child-sized person. It felt like a house where children ran about. She couldn’t keep her smile off of her face at the prospect of living here. It seemed like a dream. It seemed like a dream until the commotion that came down the stairs. The stairway opened up in front of the entrance way, giving them all a fantastic view of the boy stomping down them, followed closely by Master Skywalker. “Ben!” Master Skywalker scolded. Nisa’s eyes widened. It was odd to see the Master angry. She’d only just met him, but already she could tell it wasn’t truly in his nature. The boy was tall, but he had a young face. If she had to guess Nisa would say he was perhaps a year or two older than her. He was pale- much paler than her- with dark hair and a spattering of freckles across his face. The long, thin braid he wore stood out against his plain brown clothes. Nisa glanced around and noticed that all of the younglings with hair wore them. She reached a hand up to her own hair, bundled up onto her head in three equal buns, just the way her mother did it. Taking the initiative, Nisa strode forward, sticking out a hand for Ben to shake. “Hello there! I’m Nisa!” she introduced herself cheerily. But Ben didn’t put out his own hand to shake. He only scowled at her from behind two very angry looking brown eyes. “Ben Solo,” he grumbled, sending Master Skywalker a dark look. Nisa’s eyes widened at his insolence, and she found herself looking to Master Skywalker as well, if only to gage his reaction and understand what her own should be. He didn’t look angry, just disappointed. “Ben you must show respect to your fellow padawans.” Ben turned back to her, grabbing her proffered hand- she’d forgotten to put it down- and gave it a brisk shake. She winced at his tight grip. “Did she come from somewhere on-world?’ Ben asked Master Skywalker, eyes leaving her face once again. Nisa frowned. What had she done to him ? Why was he so grumpy? “You could ask her,” Master Skywalker replied, raising his brows at the boy. “Did she?” Master Skywalker sighed. “Yes. Nisa, you’re from right in the middle of the city, aren’t you?” She nodded tentatively. “Marn Street, sir,” she elaborated. “That’s where the rich folks live!” Juliami exclaimed from behind Nisa. She turned to look at the little girl, brows coming together in confusion. “This is where the rich people live!” she argued. “No, this is where the Senators live,” Master Skywalker cut in. “But Juliami, you are correct, Marn street is a wealthy part of the city.” Nisa’s mouth tightened. She wasn’t wealthy. She was just herself. Yes, her parents made money, but they weren’t like those mean smugglers and fancy men who had servants and slaves and were mean to poor people on the street. But she didn’t want to embarrass herself by explaining that, so she kept silent. “Don’t worry, Nisa, no one thinks you’re cruel or greedy,” Master Skywalker reassured her. Almost as if he had read her mind. But then, he was a jedi. So of course he’d be able to tell what she was thinking. She flushed at that, worried that she’d think something wrong or silly. She hoped he wouldn’t tell anyone if she thought something like that. Master Skywalker shook his head slightly, sending her an apologetic look. “We don’t know her,” Ben interrupted. “She could be cruel and greedy.” “Nisa’s nice!” Elis argued, turning slitted eyes at him and sidling closer to Nisa. “Yeah!” Laata said in an eager voice, coming to Nisa’s other side. Nisa grinned at Ben, daring him to argue now. He didn’t instead, he did something she hadn’t exactly been expecting. His lips tilted up at the corners, just a little bit. But it was enough. It was a smile. Of a kind, anyway. “No,” Nisa answered simply, voice sounding terribly tired in that moment that she was surprised she hadn’t already collapsed with exhaustion. “But he is now.” Rey glanced at her, and Nisa realized that it had been quite a while since she’d asked. Nisa had gone away into her head once again. She cursed her inattention, clearing her throat to try to clear the air. “We’re close,” Rey told her abruptly. “Should be there in a moment or two.” “Alright.” Nisa dodged branches and roots as she followed Rey deeper and deeper into the forest. The sun that had blazed when they’d been on the Resistance base tarmac now filtered softly through the canopy, leaving Nisa’s eyes to make up for the rest. That could have been why she didn’t spot him at first. She noticed the clearing they were coming upon, but it appeared empty on first inspection. She turned away to glance into the trees as they entered the clearing, still shadowed by the trees, letting in little light. It wasn’t until Rey tapped her shoulder that Nisa turned frontward again, and saw the bundle of brown robes rustling before her. Luke Skywalker pushed back his hood with the thing, black prosthetic where his right hand should be. She hardly recognized him. Luke looked old . He looked worn, and nothing like the vibrant young Jedi Master she’d known, nothing like the sad, broken young man who’d left her alone all those years ago. Nisa stepped back involuntarily, having to force herself not to touch her own face, to wonder how much worse for wear her own features were. She’d carefully avoided mirrors for twelve whole years, but suddenly she wondered how betrayal had ruined her, if it had lined her face like it had lined Luke’s. It was foolish and vain, but the thoughts were unavoidable. “Nisa,” his voice, so different from how it used to sound, rung out across the clearing. She flinched away once again. “It’s good to see you.”