Finding a domestic familiar was no easy task, but the reward of a spiritual connection to the animal world and assistance in casting spells was enough for Hux to begin the process of seeking one out. As a new witch he had zero experience with this process, and with his previous mentor far away he was no longer an apprentice, but a full fledged-albeit young- witch ready to eek out an existence in a new town. The morning he decided to begin seeking his new familiar he had already planned what he had wanted. He always did. He envisioned a small orange female cat. Her private name would be Millicent and she would be a perfect companion and assistant to his magic. He smiled to himself as he meditated on this on his cottage floor. Perhaps his mentor would have chastised him, after all, a familiar is supposed to find you, but he couldn’t help himself. Hux had always envisioned what he wanted for his future self, and more often than not his visions permeated into reality. He left his warm cottage insulated by moss and other vegetation and drew a long breath in as the brisk morning air outside hit his face. He felt for his wand by his side and shut the door, a quick wave of his hand locking it from the outside. He lived outside of the main town in the forest in a tucked away cottage once owned by a previous ruling Lord of the town. Once when there wasn’t peace, and guards needed to be stationed in the outskirts of the populated area to protect against invasion. That was many years ago however. When Hux found it, it was simply an abandoned crumbling outpost. With permission from the new Lord, and a bit of magic, he had fixed it into a fine dwelling for himself. He let his feet take him towards the farmland. Farmland usually meant field mice, which in turn meant cats. He imagined the connection he would have with his new familiar, and the companionship she would bring. Although most witches lived a solitary life unless they were in a coven or mentor-apprentice situation, Hux had found it all a bit lonely since moving here. Granted he had townspeople coming to him for help, but it was not the same as having another living creature in your home. Someone or something to talk to late at night when thoughts rolled through the brain, even if they couldn’t respond, they could at least hear him. His thoughts were snapped back to reality when he heard a familiar, albeit, distressing squawk from a bird in the distance. He had already managed to reach the edge of the farmland, and by a fence post a large black mass seemed to struggling on the ground, kicking up dust and cawing. Hux approached the distressed bird, which he could now see was a raven, and focused on it. When the raven saw him it stopped moving, still making pitiful sounds. Barbed wire from the fence post had wrapped around its small leg and mangled it badly. The poor creature was caught and unable to free itself. It also seemed to have sustained other injuries as well, as its wing wouldn’t quite sit at its side. He also realized that this raven must have belonged to someone, or at least another witch because it had a deep red jewel resting on its chest. He crouched down and put his hand out, trying to get the raven used to his presence before attempting to help him. Unsurprisingly the raven struggled and tried in vain to move away from him, large squawks and pitiful clicks thrown at him, warning him not to touch him. Luckily Hux was wearing his gloves and grabbed the raven best he could. The bird was large and had a lot of strength, but he was able to unwrap the barbed wire from his leg, despite the bird’s attempts to free himself and peck him. Once free, the raven attempted flight, only to squawk out in pain when he tried to move his broken wing. Hux bit his lip, this raven had to belong to someone, and whoever it was probably missed it. He scooped the raven up in his arms, and this time the raven did not struggle to remain untouched. It only let out a resigned click as Hux held it gently against his chest. He walked back towards his cottage, surprised at how warm the raven felt pressed against his chest. “Once you’re fixed up, we’ll find your owner…or witch?” Hux said aloud, looking down at the raven. The creature had completely given up any form of resistance, probably due to exhaustion, and remained placid in Hux’s arms. The raven did not respond to Hux’s comments. Once back in the cottage Hux laid down a cloth, and then laid the raven onto his altar. He removed his gloves and began tearing a small piece of gauze from his roll. He pressed the broken wing against the raven’s body, and wrapped the gauze completely around its body, tying it off and making sure it wasn’t too tight. He then inspected his cut legs. The raven let out a high-pitched noise when Hux touched the wounds, and Hux drew his hands away. He instead grabbed a glass jar containing a salve he had made from beeswax and various healing herbs. He took a bit more gauze and spread the salve on it, and then wrapped it around the bird’s legs. The raven struggled, but through its exhaustion it was a bit of a pitiful attempt. Hux inspected him for any more wounds but found that besides a bit of malnourishment, that was it. He laid out a soft towel for the raven to rest on, and provided it with a shallow bowl of water, as well as some dried insects that would have been used in a medicine later. The raven inspected the insects, tilting its head back and forth before looking up at Hux. The creature let out a soft croak, and Hux looked over at it. “You’re welcome.” He replied, walking over to his bucket of water and washing his hands. He sat down at his desk and stared out the small window of the cottage, its glass had bubbled and warped throughout the years, distorting the figures and colors outside. He sat there still for quite some time before looking over at the raven who had eaten the entire dish of insects and sipped at least half of the water. He sighed and shook his head; he supposed he wasn’t going to get his feline familiar anytime soon now, it took 2-4 weeks for a bird’s wing to heal. Chapter 2 Summary: Trying to find answers about Hux's new animal friend seem more difficult than he thought. 3 days had passed since Hux first took in the injured raven. Hux watched it hop around on the floor making a distinct click-clack as his talons hit the wood. While the raven was amusing itself he read from one of his many tomes; he was trying to find the significance of the jewel around the bird’s neck. It was really more like an amulet he decided. “You seem to be feeling better.” Hux looked up from the tome when he hit another dead end in his research. The raven lifted and tilted its head at Hux, letting out a caw. “I’ll take that as an agreement.” He closed the cover and lugged the tome back to the bottom of the bookshelf. He perused his many pieces of literature before grabbing one he had on connecting with animals. This was a smaller leather bound book that fit much easier in Hux’s small, slim hands. The raven hopped along the floor, following him back to his desk and looking up at him expectantly. “Oh so you want up now? I put you down here no more than 15 minutes ago.” Hux frowned, but put both hands low enough to that the raven could hop onto them. Hux lifted him up and brought him to the surface of the desk where the raven inspected the leather-bound book with a peck and then lost interest, instead picking beneath its unbroken wing. “I suppose I should give you a name. A temporary one at least.” Hux rested his chin in the palm of his hand as he watched the raven prune itself. Hux thought for a moment, shutting his eyes and trying to meditate upon a name to suit the bird before him. Surprisingly a name came quickly enough, Kylo. A victorious prince. “Ky…lo. Kylo.” Hux said aloud, the raven stopped its grooming and looked over at Hux. “Kylo, it just came to mind, do you like it? It means victorious prince I think…” Hux vaguely wished that the name hadn’t come to mind because this creature was secretly a cursed prince who needed a kiss. “Kylo” The raven replied in the harsh way that ravens imitate human speech. “Oh! I take it you like it then.” Hux smiled, he knew crows and ravens could say human words, but he hadn’t expected this one to pick up things so quickly. “Kylo Kylo Kylo” The raven croaked, hopping up and down. Hux found himself letting out a chuckle and pet Kylo on top its head. The raven nuzzled into his hand, closing its eyes slowly. “I suppose its kind of rude of me, 3 days and you don’t even know my name…” Hux frowned, taking his hand back and folding it into his other one. He leaned close to Kylo and lowered his voice to a whisper before speaking. “My name is Armitage Hux. I go by Hux. I don’t much like my first name.” He said in a low voice. “Hux.” He repeated once more, drawing away from Kylo. The bird let out a caw but did not attempt to repeat Armitage or Hux. Hux was secretly a bit disappointed. Perhaps the “x” sound was too difficult for the bird to mimic? Hux leaned back into his chair, picking up the book and began reading once more. Questions about Kylo whirled in his mind; where Kylo came from, what the amulet was for, and how the raven had wound up so injured. Kylo seemed nonplussed by the furrowed brows on Hux’s face. The bird was sitting now, head tucked into its chest and eyes closed, not quite asleep though. Hux refocused back onto the book in his hands and began reading about how to connect with the animal. Hux read over the instructions multiple times and nodded to himself. He had to reach out with his mind and soul. Fair enough. Hux had done this before, but with his mentor. Doing this with an animal was different, or at least it felt different. He scooped Kylo in both of his hands and looked into the deep black eyes of the injured bird. Hux sighed and closed his eyes, reciting the words the book had told him to think in his mind. A bridge was slowly being built, it was dark and not well lit like the bridge him and his mentor had made. He couldn’t see Kylo on the other side of it either. Hux walked towards the other end, only to come to a glistening red wall at the other end of the bridge. Hux frowned both in his mind and in his physical body. He reached out, attempting to touch the wall, but was caught off guard by a searing heat that caused his concentration to break. He drew his hands away from the hotness, letting out a high-pitched yelp. Kylo was now flapping his free wing and squawking loudly at Hux. Kylo had lost a few feathers in the struggle and Hux looked at his hands, which still felt like they were on fire, but there were no marks. He looked back up at his desk and saw that Kylo had knocked over an inkwell onto the leather-bound book. “Dammit!” Hux yelled, pulling the book away quickly. The instructions were completely covered. He swallowed hard when he saw that Kylo was now in the corner of his desk, looking pitiful and smaller than it really was. He sighed and rubbed his face, setting the book with the ruined pages down and tidying up his desk. “Hey, I’m sorry…are you alright?” Hux said to Kylo, a pain in his gut from frightening the creature. “I just wanted answers, I didn’t expect that to happen.” He admitted, eyes focusing on the amulet again. He realized quickly that the jewel in it was the same color as the wall he had encountered. “Your previous owner must have a lot of secrets to keep, if that amulet is to keep other witches out of your mind.” Hux bit his lip, examining the feathers that had come off of Kylo in the struggle. Kylo let out a croak, trying its best to fix its feathers. Hux nodded and looked at the new ink stain on his previously spotless desk. Chapter 3 Summary: Hux goes into town and receives a letter from his mentor. Odd. Witches don't use the postal service. Notes: There is a reference in this chapter to one of my favorite horror movies. If you get it, tell me the reference and the movie and I'll draw you a picture of Hux and Kylo. “I need to go into town and deliver some remedies and take more orders.” Hux looked over at Kylo. The bird didn’t really seem to take notice until Hux swung a leather bag around his shoulder and moved towards the door. Kylo stood up and cawed at Hux who paused and looked back at him. “What? Your wing is broken you can’t come with me.” He frowned, still staring at the bird. Kylo continued cawing at him until Hux moved away from the door and towards Kylo. The bird relaxed when Hux’s hand pet the top of its head and quieted. “I have to go…I’d put you on my shoulder but if you fell you wouldn’t be able to catch yourself with your wings.” Hux gestured to the cloth wrapped around Kylo’s body, holding the broken wing snugly against it. “Be good, okay?” Hux moved away again, but this time Kylo did not caw. The raven merely watched as Hux adjusted his hat and left the cottage, lock clicking in place as Hux ran a hand over it. The walk into town wasn’t too far, and Hux enjoyed the briskness of the air as it hit his face, washing away the warmth but also the stagnation from being inside for so long. He hadn’t had a good walk since taking Kylo in, and his body appreciated the movement. When the town came into view through the morning fog, Hux slowed his pace to match the gait of townspeople. Shops were already opened and men and women were already haggling. His eyes closed as he took in the scent of fresh baked bread, cheese, and other aromatic goods that he couldn’t make inside the cottage. His mouth watered at buns filled with cooked meat and vegetables were steamed up and sold from a cart. If someone tipped him for his deliveries he would buy two. One for him, and one for Kylo. The first house he approached was small but full of movement inside. He rapped twice on the wooden door and awaited a response, pulling out a wrapped package from his leather bag. A middle-aged woman with a dirty apron opened and the door and her eyes lit up upon seeing Hux. “Thank the stars! My headaches have only worsened over the past few days. I thought I would pass out the other day!” She sighed. “This should help reduce your pain, ma’am.” Hux nodded. The woman left to retrieve the payment, leaving the door open. Hux remained outside. Inside two young men, most likely her sons were discussing something heated at the table. “They’re just a bunch of criminals.” One scoffed. The other brother held the newspaper up to his face and waved it. “All it takes is the smallest crack, it starts with petty criminals and the next thing you know there is a mob at the king’s gates!” The other passionately retorted. Hux didn’t usually pay much attention to the politics of the realm, they almost never had an effect on witches like Hux who lived on the edge of towns and kept to themselves for the most part. He smiled softy though at how worked up they were getting. When the woman came back she deposited 5 gold coins into Hux’s palm and wished him well. He received a silver coin as a tip. Hux pocketed the money into one of his satchels and continued on his way. “Hey!” A voice came across the road. Hux looked up and saw a mail carrier. “Are you the witch that just moved to the outskirts of town?” He continued. “I am that very witch.” Hux replied, smiling and walking over to him. The mail carrier dug into his bag and pulled out a letter addressed to Hux. Hux took it in his hands and looked surprised briefly. “You saved me quite the trip from walking all the way out there.” He laughed. Hux laughed too, but his face gave way to confusion. “…Thank you.” Hux finally looked up, putting the letter away. The mail carrier nodded and continued on to the rest of his houses. He bit his lip and felt the letter underneath his bag. It was from his mentor, but it concerned him because they were both witches. Why would he send him a traditional letter when he could just burn the letter, or send the message through a dream? Even a pigeon, owl, or…. raven would have worked. Hux tried to shake these questions aside and continue on his deliveries. They went well, and he received some new orders. Since he was tipped he decided to keep the promise to himself and buy the steamed buns, despite the weird circumstances of the letter effectively killing his appetite. “You look like you’ve seen a ghost, gotta cut down on calling up spirits, yeah?” The bun vendor joked, putting the buns into newspaper and wrapping them up tightly. Hux smiled, even though he didn’t do that, and placed he buns into his now empty leather bag. “Yeah…” he trailed off, looking ahead towards the edge of he city where the forest was. He wasn’t in the mood to correct him. Hux thanked the vendor and set off again, back towards his cottage. Along the way the smell of the bun finally got to him, and his hands rummaged into the bag, past the odd letter and around one of the wrapped buns. He opened it, sinking his teeth into the soft and chewy dough. The savory flavor of the meat quickly hit him and he finished it slowly, trying to enjoy every bite. He hoped Kylo would like his when he got back. When Hux approached the cottage he could already here Kylo cawing inside. He also heard the distinct crash of glass. The sound immediately alerted Hux and he grabbed his wand from his side and flung the door open with his other. He had a wide stance and equally wide eyes, ready to take on any intruder. His shoulders quickly fell when he realized it was just Kylo. The raven had made a huge mess. Chapter 4 Summary: Even though Kylo is naughty, we still love him, aye. Broken glass and pieces of paper littered the cottage’s floor. Potions that had been knocked over soaked into the floorboards or even eroded at them. Hux’s desk was in complete disarray, and black feathers seemed to everywhere. Hux’s eyes, which were now looking very harsh, focused in on Kylo. The raven seemed to shrink, stepping slowly away from the center of the room. “Hux” The bird squawked, head pushed and buried into its body, feathers around its face a vain attempt to protect itself from the soon to be oncoming anger from Hux. “Oh. So now you know my name?” Hux walked in, slamming the door without touching it. “What exactly were you doing?” He scowled, hanging the bag up on his coat rack and taking his hat off. Kylo hopped near Hux, jumping onto Hux’s foot and rubbing its head against Hux’s ankle. “Hux” Kylo repeated in its gravely voice. Hux shook his foot, effectively throwing the raven away from him. Kylo let out a caw but Hux ignored him, instead pulling out his wand. He pointed to his broom and dustpan, animating the objects to begin cleaning his poor cottage, Kylo let out a pathetic sound and Hux turned around briefly to stare. “If I were you, I’d be quiet. I’m mad at you.” He let out a harsh exhale. The broom and dustpan worked autonomously but he needed to sort through the papers Kylo had pulled out from his books himself. Hux waved his hand to bring the potion bottles off of the floor and began picking up all the papers he could find. Kylo watched Hux work and tilted its head, letting out a soft caw. Hux’s body seemed to tense upon hearing it, and Kylo stopped making noises. “This is what I get for letting you into my home.” Hux grumbled, straightening out the desk. After cleaning everything up with a mix of magic and elbow grease, Hux sank into his chair, feeling exhausted. Kylo hadn’t moved from out underneath a stool, still looking guilty. Hux closed his eyes, trying to meditate. He had grown attached to Kylo, no doubt, but what good was an animal that could never be left alone? “I wish you could tell me why you did that.” Hux said aloud, not opening his eyes or moving at all towards Kylo’s direction. Kylo slowly walked out from underneath the stool, its talons clicking distinctly on the wood floor. Kylo walked all the way over to the bookcase, and let out a caw. Hux finally opened his eyes and looked over at Kylo. Kylo spread out his good wing, and then used its talons to climb onto the bookshelf, attempting to fly as the book Kylo had latched onto fell from the bookshelf. “...Really. You were trying to fly with one wing and ended up destroying the place?” “Kylo.” The raven replied, slowly standing back up. “Kylo indeed. You’re a damn idiot. You know that?” Hux waved a hand to put the book back, and then folded his arms. “To think I bought you a bun, too. You’re not getting it today.” He finally stood up and walked over to his bag, pulling out both the wrapped bun and the letter. Kylo followed him, hopping quickly on the floor, attempting to beg for the snack. “No!” Hux raised his voice, causing Kylo to stop. “Begging isn’t cute.” He scolded, putting the bun instead in his ice chest. Kylo croaked, and went back under the stool. Hux looked at the letter now, turning it over in his hands. He placed the letter back down on the desk and shook his head. No, not right now. He knew that there had to be bad news in this letter, and if he read it now while angry with Kylo, it would be too difficult to remain calm and keep the positive energy necessary for white magic. Part of this thought irritated him further. Although he had received praise from his mentor for his potential and ability to remain collected before leaving, he still wished that he had the same mental capabilities as his mentor to constantly remain calm under any situation. He set the letter down on the desk and stood up, taking the bucket and shovel with him as he went outside. He had to bury the glass to ensure no animals would step on it. When that was done he went to his water pump, rinsed it, and began the process of drawing a bath. Kylo watched with interest as Hux filled the tub inside the cottage with water. This was a somewhat slow process, but he only had one bucket. At least he didn’t have to boil the water on stovetop like non-magic users. Once the tub was filled to his liking he pointed his wand at the tub. “Today has caused me stress. So now I will undress. Wash away today’s toil. And let this water boil.” The bathwater quickly began to bubble; steam rising up and making the entire cottage feel warmer. While he waited for it to cool down he added lavender, honey, and some tea to his bath, mixing it in with his hand. The scent filled his nostrils and he let out a soft breath. Kylo had become intrigued and left its spot from underneath the stool. The bird watched as Hux ritualistically removed his clothes, folding them neatly and placing everything off to the side. Hux dipped his foot in, and then full stepped in. He sat down, feeling the hot water wrap around his muscles and undo the tension of his body. Kylo had managed to jump up onto the ledge of the tub, watching Hux and tilting its head. “Please don’t fall in.” Hux looked over at the raven. Kylo side-stepped along the tub until it was able to hop onto Hux’s head. Hux winced at the sudden weight and the feeling of talons on his scalp, but once Kylo sat down the feeling went away. “Really?” Hux looked up with his eyes but couldn’t see him. He shook his head softly, instead relaxing and enjoying the rest of his bath. Chapter 5 Summary: Perhaps things in the kingdom are not as peachy as they seem. Hux now lay on his bed in his nightgown and Kylo had somehow ended up by his side. He idly pet the raven, holding the envelope from earlier in his other hand. Hux finally drew his hand away from Kylo and broke the seal, pulling out a letter in the distinct and neat handwriting of his mentor: “My dearest apprentice Hux, I hope you have settled well in your new town and been to allow a familiar to find you. Things have changed immensely since the short time you left the capital. As I write this I am afraid great distress has fallen upon the kingdom. Do you remember that small group of anti-magic protesters? They have gained traction and even political power in just a year. They now protest our very existence. Although they started out small, they have quickly gained a larger following through the use of fear and jealousy. The king held out longest he could, but the group has grown so large that he has had no choice but to enact some form of law -at least in the capital- to appease them. As of now using magic is banned within these walls. Even inside the king’s court. The king has been kind enough to keep me, but I know that without magic I offer nothing to the castle and may soon be let go. I still can apprentice more witches, but earning a living isn’t my main concern. For now the group -who have the audacity to call themselves “The Protectors”- have been appeased, but I fear worse times are ahead of us. Those who do not learn history are bound to repeat it, and who knows, maybe they will soon be calling for us to be burned at the stake like they did nearly 500 years ago. Unless the government takes a stand against these people my fears for the future will manifest, and these laws will reach every township within the realm. I send this letter as a warning, dearest Hux, you must now be mindful of the people within your town. Some may belong to The Protectors and use any form of misconduct as an argument to bar you from magic-use. Do not give them a reason; you are a good witch. Sincerely, Yupe" Hux read over the letter several times, his hands tightening around the paper. Who did “The Protectors” think they were? Witches harmed people at times, especially if they were corrupted and used dark magic, but non-magical users hurt, abused, and killed themselves as well. Why wasn’t there a radical group fighting for that? He felt the heat in his cheeks, and closed his eyes. He set the letter down on his nightstand and turned out his gaslight. Kylo was still warm beside him. Despite being comfortable Hux could not sleep now. He stared up at the blackness of the ceiling, trying to remember the anti-magic protesters best he could. They were an incredibly small group from what he last recalled. No more than 30 people in the entire capital who thought witches were dangerous. How could that have grown into a full on political movement powerful enough to get magic use banned within the city? Hux knew though. He knew that sadly many people still feared witches or were jealous of them. They simply were just not as vocal as these supposed “Protectors”. These people definitely had the upper hand though. Most withes preferred solitude. There was no way Hux or his mentor could form an opposing council of magic-users to fight this. “Its like they’re undoing hundreds of years of work.” He said aloud, mostly talking to himself, but also to Kylo. “We’ve worked so hard, serving non-magic users, trying to adjust our behavior, seem less threatening….and they don’t appreciate it at all…” Kylo nestled into Hux’s side, letting out a soft gravelly noise. “Sometimes” Hux started, still staring at the ceiling. “Sometimes I understand. I understand why some witches…”Hux bit his bottom lip and shook his head. “Nevermind…” He shut his eyes. He breathed in and out, trying to calm himself. Trying to regain control of his emotions. He eventually drifted off to sleep while doing this. Hux stood in a wheat field that was blindingly gold. The stalks nearly reached his knees and it seemed to stretch endlessly, past the natural curve of the horizon. The only other color besides the gold wheat and the blue sky was a tall black figure coated in feathers. “Hello?” Hux called out, walking towards the figure. The figure turned around quickly, a pale face and large hooked nose with eyes so dark you couldn’t see the pupils stared back at him. The being seemed shocked. “Stop!” The figure yelled, causing Hux to be unable to move. “I’m not ready!” It added, huge wings spanning out from its back. It was then Hux realized this creature was not human. Black feathers neatly lined the large wings, and as the creature began to flap in order to take off, the wheat moved as if a strong gust of wind had come by. The creature flew up into the air, quickly gliding away from Hux. Hux put a hand out in vain. “Wait…” Hux said, holding his hand up, but the creature disappeared as it flew further and further away. Hux dropped his hand. The dream quickly disintegrated, morphing into something more a feeling than a vision. It felt warm, very warm. Soft. Safe. Chapter 6 Summary: Good morning, Kylo. Hux was half asleep and half awake when he finally realized what the warmth felt like: large, strong arms wrapped tightly but comfortably around him. He nestled into this heat, feeling a wall of the same warmth against his back. His conscious was slowly returning to him until finally he realized what this feeling was. Hux tore away from the heat, rolling and gasping for air from shock. His mind was correct when his eyes were able to focus enough to see a man in his bed. Hux quickly went for his wand on the nightstand, only to have a much bigger hand grab his wrists. “Wait!” the man pleaded, obviously trying to be careful as possible with Hux’s wrists. “Who are you!” Hux screamed, still struggling against him. “It’s me. Kylo.” Kylo replied, innocently. He let go of Hux’s wrists and sat up expectantly, like a lost pup. Hux swallowed, beads of sweat ran down his face. His slowly regained control of his breathing and began to fully examine the man in his bed. His eyes immediately went to the red amulet that was embedded into Kylo’s chest. He let out a shaky breath, running his fingers through his own hair. “I suppose it is you….” Hux whispered, gesturing to Kylo’s chest. Kylo looked down and blinked. “Yes, it’s me.” Kylo smiled, moving toward Hux to embrace him again. Hux moved away quickly to Kylo’s dismay. “Hold on.” Hux put his hands up, voice stern. “Surely you must realize I have a million questions.” He cleared his throat. “For starters: can you think like a man as a raven?” His eyes narrowed. “Of course, that’s just my form, its still me in there.” Kylo smiled, seemingly proud of this fact. Hux immediately reddened and covered his mouth. His ears felt hot and he looked away. “That means you watched me bathe….”Hux realized with horror. Many other instances of Hux undressing, singing, dancing, and more embarrassing behaviors popped into his mind. Things he would have never done if he had known a human was watching him the entire time. “Yes, and oh my stars Hux, you are beautiful.” Kylo replied, still grinning. Hux didn’t think it was possible to feel more hot than he did that very instant, and had to move away from the bed to cool himself off. “Don’t…don’t say things like that.” Hux scowled, walking away from the bed and leaving Kylo. “Why? Its true.” Kylo seemed genuinely confused, and Hux let out an irritated sigh, pinching the bridge of his nose. “Just…ok. What are you then? Are you a cursed human?” “….No.” Kylo looked down rubbing his head. “At least I don’t think so…” “A demon?” “No.” “Shape-shifter?” “I don’t know!” Kylo raised his voice, face clearly upset now. Hux leaned away in surprise. “I-I’m sorry. I don’t know. Or I can’t remember. I don’t know…” Kylo grabbed his head in frustration. “Oh…I apologize.” Hux bit his lip, instantly regretting his prying. “I do know that I can’t change forms when I’m hurt. That’s why you found me like a raven. I was running away from something. My wing was injured but I needed to keep flying. I fell out of the air, got tangled in the barbed fence you found me in…but everything is healed now.” “That’s good. I guess you can carry on going wherever you were going then.” Hux folded his arms. He wasn't even going to ask details. His mentor had always warned him not to get involved in situations such as these. Kylo’s face seemed somewhat horrified. “What? I like it here though. Besides, you needed a familiar right?” “Yes, emphasis on the word familiar. An animal. Something to connect me to nature. You aren’t that.” Hux raised an eyebrow. “I’m better than that.” Kylo snorted. “I’ll have you know I am extremely powerful.” He seemed offended. “I am a warrior, a magic user, and I have one more form beyond raven and human." He smirked, pulling his cape of black feathers to the side to reveal a sword resting in its scabbard, attached to his belt. Hux stared at him in disbelief. “What even is your name?” was all Hux could really manage to reply with. “Kylo.” He smiled at Hux. “No, the name you had before.” “It was stupid, I like the one you gave me much better.” He shrugged. Hux couldn't believe this guy. He also couldn't believe himself for considering Kylo as his new familiar. Chapter 7 Summary: With great power comes great responsibility. Or an awesome bird man. “Let’s see your form then.” Hux stared straight ahead at Kylo once Hux had dressed. Kylo was standing beside the unmade bed and tilted his head much like he did as a raven. “Oh? So you’re interested?” Kylo smirked. Hux brushed past him and made the messy bed. “Just show it to me. I can’t make a decision until I know what you’re capable of.” He straightened out the wrinkles with his hands. Kylo watched him with interest, smiling softly as he watched Hux turn the bed into something neat and clean. “We have to go outside.” Kylo said. Hux followed him out when he was done and stood near his cottage with his arms crossed. Kylo smiled and put several feet between him and Hux. “Ready to be impressed?” Kylo asked with a smirk, Hux rolled his eyes and motioned with his hand for Kylo to continue. Kylo nodded and took a sharp breath in, spreading his arms out as wide as he could. The black feather cape moved off of his shoulders and seemed to attach itself to the shoulder blade. Every part of him seemed to grow larger. Hux’s eyes widened as Kylo’s hands developed talons along with hard scaly skin. The feathers began to grow in patches across his arms and legs, and around his hairline he developed some as well, the black feathers matching his dark hair perfectly. Hux winced as the feathers popped through the skin, it appeared to be painful, but if it was Kylo paid no mind to it. The shoes on his feet had disappeared now and large, scaly feet grew, large talons popping out from where his toes once were. Kylo let out a deep noise from his throat as the cloak continued to develop into his wings, he spread them their entire span, and Hux could immediately see they were at least two of his height, if not three, from tip to tip. Kylo stood before Hux now, his wings spread and most of his clothing and sword gone now, save for a subligaculum around his waist. Hux swallowed, taking in the incredible sight of the avian before him. “Amazing…”Hux said under his breath, walking slowly up to Kylo who was now crouching. Hux put a hand out slowly, but Kylo’s head pushed itself into his palm, and he closed his eyes contently. “I can fly.” Kylo added, Hux opened his mouth slightly but didn’t say anything. He had read about thousands of magic beasts, but they were so rare that Hux doubted he would ever come across one. “An avian…”Hux bit his lip and gently pet the black feathers that came out near Kylo’s hairline. Kylo had to kneel for Hux to be able to do this. “In a sense.” Kylo replied. Hux looked at his face and noted that his nose was slightly pointier than when it was a human, but Kylo had an incredibly large nose to begin with so it didn’t surprise him. “Stand back.” Kylo instructed, pulling Hux’s hand away from his head, but Hux was still enthralled, and studied the bird-like hand with talons for nails that pulled his small hand away. He did manage to step back though, and when he was far enough Kylo flapped his wings; kicking up dust as he did so. Hux had to hold onto his hat, as the force from the large wings was incredible. Kylo’s feet began to lift off the ground and he slowly rose into the air. Hux looked up at Kylo from the ground. Part of Hux had a fear that Kylo would take off and never look back, but he pushed that aside as Kylo began to glide in circles around the cottage. Eventually he landed with a loud thump, his feet hitting the ground and kicking up a cloud of dust. Hux walked back up to him, taking the tip of one wing and bending it. Kylo watched with amusement as Hux studied him, wondering what sort of magic could allow someone so amazing to exist. Eventually Hux touched the amulet embedded in Kylo’s chest and he fought the urge to flinch away. It didn’t hurt but it made him feel nervous. Hux was silent for a while, simply feeling the heat of the amulet beneath his hand. His eyes narrowed, and drifted to Kylo’s left, over to where a heart usually was. Hux waited and Kylo remained perfectly still. Hux eventually withdrew his hand and looked up at Kylo. “You have no heartbeat.” Hux said aloud, Kylo swallowed and hung his head lower. “I have no soul.” He replied, his own hand resting on top of his amulet now. “You were made. Not born.” Hux nodded to himself. “That’s why I couldn’t link my mind with yours.” Kylo was silent after that observation. Hux realized that this fact clearly pained Kylo and Hux regretted stating the fact so bluntly. “I-“ Hux stopped himself and then nodded. “I would be honored if you would be my familiar.” Hux drew a sharp breath in. “You are a being of pure magic and no doubt great power. Anything a normal familiar could do for me is greatly surpassed in the level of magic you posses in one talon.” Hux smiled, taking both of Kylo’s avian hands. Kylo was staring into Hux’s eyes now. He made an almost whimpering, soft sound from his throat. “Hux…” His voice seemed to tremble. Kylo had completely forgotten what it was like to be wanted. By anyone. His arms and great wings wrapped around Hux and the small, ginger man tensed. When Kylo let go of him, Hux stepped away and picked off a feather that had had transferred to his robe. He stuck it in the twine decorating his pointy hat and looked up at Kylo who towered above him in his avian form. “We…we’re going to have to work on the touching thing.” Hux said curtly before turning and going back into the cottage. Chapter 8 Summary: As if the answer wasn't obvious. Hux sat on the floor with an open book and a human-form Kylo before him. Kylo watched with interest at Hux placed crystals around them, and drew a symbol in chalk between them. When he was done he placed the book squarely in the middle, and held a hand above Kylo’s head. “Is this necessary? It isn’t like I’m an animal without any will. You asked me and I already said yes.” Kylo mused, eyes flicking up at the hand. “Of course its necessary. It is a tradition for all witches. Even if the familiar in question is very unorthodox.” Hux huffed, closing his eyes and refocusing his energy. He took a deep breath before crying out: “ The moon and the stars have aligned. Your care and magic I wish to be assigned. Pray tell me creature, do you agree? Be my familiar and cast with me?” Kylo smiled with amusement and held in chuckle. “Yes. I agree.” He managed. “Good. Now for the secret name.” Hux shifted in his sitting position. “But you already named me.” Kylo pouted. “I like Kylo…” Hux sighed in slight irritation. “It’s a secret name. No one will use it besides me, and only when I’m doing magic that requires a familiar. You get to choose one for me as well.” He took both of Kylo’s hands now, unable to ignore the obvious size difference as well as how rough and strong Kylo’s hands appeared to be versus how soft and light Hux’s were. He supposed that was just what happened when one wielded a sword instead of a wand. “Now close your eyes, try to connect with me, and search for a name only you and I will know.” Kylo did as instructed, calming his breath and relaxing. Hux did the same and allowed himself to feel the ground and air surrounding him. This time Hux did not step over the bridge that appeared before him as he had attempted to last time. He could already see the garnet-red wall blocking his way that would surely hurt Kylo as it did last time. Hux was still, but looked down at the ground when he felt something shifting by his feet. In the dust before the bridge started it began to form words. “R E N. Ren.” Hux said aloud, looking up suddenly when he heard something. “NO!” Kylo’s face had contorted into anger. Hux opened his eyes in surprise but also realized his hands were in pain because Kylo was squeezing them. “No! You can’t call me that!” Kylo let go when he realized Hux’s arms were shaking. Kylo stood up suddenly, gripping his skull and stumbling back. He hit the bookcase causing books and things to fall off. Hux’s eyes widened and quickly threw up his hands to prevent what things he could from falling onto Kylo. “Calm down! Its fine! No secret names, ok?” Hux set the things down gently but Kylo’s eyes were still wild. “I-I….that name…No. No no…that’s…I remember.” Kylo shook his head, trying to walk past Hux. Hux grabbed his shoulders and stared into his eyes. “Relax. Take a deep breath and gather your thoughts.” Hux instructed in the most soothing voice he possessed. He guided the taller man over to the bed and sat him down, brushing the hair out of his face. Kylo was nodding slowly, still rocking himself. “I remember. Something. Something from before you, before running and flying.” He managed. “What it is it?” “My previous master…he would call me by that. Ren.” Kylo ended the last consonant hard on his tongue to show his distaste. “I did not like it…it felt too close.” “Too close to what?” Hux was now kneeling to be eye level with him. “I don’t know. I don’t know…” Kylo hung his head now, holding his skull once more. “I…his name was Snoke.” Kylo said slowly. Hux’s calming hands quickly retracted, and he stood away from Kylo, staring down at him now in disbelief. “Snoke. As in…Master of Dark Magic…Snoke?” Hux’s throat suddenly felt dry and his heartbeat was so fast he felt as if it would bust through his ribcage. Kylo stared up at him, displeased with Hux’s reaction. “Yes.” Kylo’s brows furrowed. “Is it a problem? Do you not want me now?” Kylo said defensively. Hux drew a breath in and adjusted his posture “I-“ Hux paused, eyes looking at the letter still resting on his bedside table. “What else do you remember? Why did you leave?” “I don’t remember that yet. But you didn’t answer me. Does it bother you? That I served him? I can leave, if it makes me a burden.“ Kylo pressed, staring up at Hux expectantly for an answer. “No. I already have made my decision. I won’t go back on it now.” Hux let out a shaky breath. The implications of this revelation were huge, but he had already accepted Kylo as his familiar, and regardless of whom he once belonged, their bond was now sacred.