This fic starts right after the interrogation scene in TFA. Kylo How could she have resisted him? That small, scrap of a girl, her body weak but her mind so strong. She had looked into his mind—how dare she. How could she? Only one had ever done that before, but he was the one they were searching for. Kylo retreated to his master quickly, trying to make sense of it all. Her mind had been so easy to invade at first, her loneliness and ferocity so tangible. But he hadn't even touched what he wanted, not even a glimpse after that first time in the forest, when it had popped up in her mind. He wanted answers. Snoke, however, gave him none. "A mere scavenger bested you? Are you so weak?" Kylo grit his teeth. "She is untrained, but powerful with the force! Even she does not know how strong she really is." Beside him, Hux made a noise of disbelief. "You are weak. And now we are left with no information." Snoke's image flickered and his eyes narrowed. "What of the droid? Was it not taken?" Kylo could barely contain himself as Hux replied. "He thought it's retrieval unnecessary since he had the girl." Kylo spoke up quickly. "She can lead us to Skywalker! She saw the map. I can retrieve it from her!" Snoke made a sound of disapproval and sank back into the stone. "Bring her to me. I will deal with her myself." Kylo knew what that meant. He had seen it before. Snoke tortured his victims easily, he sat comfortably within the dark side, had all control with his power. How Kylo envied his master. He was constantly reminded of his own weakness when he held back or lost control. Like he did with the girl. As he approached her cell, he immediately noticed something amiss: "Where is the other one? Why are there only five?" He asked one of the Stormtroopers standing guard. But it was confused. Irritated, he burst into the cell. A naked storm trooper stood there, looking dazed. She was gone. Rey Rey raced through the halls, trying to find her way. This place was a complete maze, everything looked the same. Although she was geared as a Stormtrooper and armed with her newfound abilities, she felt incredibly out of place and anxious. Surely she'd be found out any minute. As she raced through the halls, she finally felt like there was a difference; she was somewhere new. She passed a window that led to the beginnings of a hanger, and her heart leapt. Now she had a chance. She found her way to a nearby fighter, still attached to the wall where it was fed fuel and electricity. Many Stormtroopers milled around, so she tried to be leisurely as she ducked by it. Forcing the entrance door, she leapt inside. She immediately began taking stock of everything within, making a mental list of the different controls. She sat down in the pilot's chair and began trying to figure out how to detach herself from the wall before she blasted this thing into hyperdrive. She didn't know where this base even was, really, but if she could get away from it, she could find her way back to her friends. A loud crash suddenly distracted her. There was shouting, angry shouting. She leapt up to look out of the plane and spied the dark figure among the white, pushing through. Straight for her ship. How the hell did he find her? She looked around erratically at the controls, but was caught by the helmet beside her. Inside the back was a small, metal chip. A tracking chip. Of course. Wouldn't want to lose track of a soldier. It was too late to destroy it now, he knew where she was. She just had to get this thing out. She punched at the controls as the switchboard sprang to life, trying anything that looked familiar, but to little avail. It began beeping wildly at her, and she felt it begin to roll backwards, away from the wall. But it suddenly stopped, the brakes hitting the wheels and a scraping sound was at the entrance portal. He was trying to get in. Luck would have it, she had somehow hit the locks. He couldn't force the door like she had. She grinned a little, satisfied with her defiance. But when the scraping disappeared, she felt uneasy. Kylo leapt up onto the nose, right in front of the glass. She gasped and pulled the handle of one of the controls, and the plane leapt back, pulling against its restraints. Kylo lurched but stayed on, and his lightsaber flared to life and split the glass separating her from him. Her arm flew up to shield her eyes from the shattered glass and let go of the control. She felt herself be grabbed and immediately began fighting against them. "You…you never stop fighting me." She looked up at the dark mask, trying to remember what lay beneath. "Why wouldn't I?" He didn't answer her, but she felt his anger. She had humiliated him, and he was distraught. Torn. As he dragged her away from her one means of escape, a trooper captain in the shiniest armor Rey had ever seen called, "This is on your head, Ren. Your prisoner has ruined one of my ships." "Don't bother me now, Phasma," Kylo yelled at her but she remained unfazed, calmly watching him go. A Stormtrooper ran up to them as Kylo tugged her through the hangar. "Sir, General Hux wants to see you-" "I'm busy!" He roared, his metallic voice ringing throughout the hanger. Rey gasped as he forced her through the exit, shocked by his anger. It was violent. Her arms were beginning to ache before he finally led her to a room behind triple doors. Was this some kind of prison? It was much more secured than anywhere else she had been. But all that lay behind the last door was what appeared to be a few dark rooms. An apartment. What? Kylo He threw her away from him, against the wall so that she fell to the ground. Within a moment, he brought his fists down onto a nearby metal table, denting it with a hollow bang. "You think you can defy me?" He yelled at her, this slip of a girl who had cost him his pride. Who had almost slithered out of his grasp. Who had dared to leave. He threw the table against the wall, just missing her. He saw her wide eyes and how she shrunk back, but it gave him no pleasure today. "You cannot escape me, you cannot defy me, I won't let you!" He roared. She was silent, but he felt her fear. Yet there was also her anger. She dared to be angry at him for ruining her escape. Even now she did not cower or bend to him. Would nothing break her? So distracted was he by this that his own anger suddenly began to subside and he managed to rip off his helmet. He grabbed her, and she struggled. She tried to push back against him with the force, but he distracted her by pulling her close. So close that she was pressed against his front, feeling the hard curves of his body, with his face mere inches from her. "Feel strong, gravel maggot? Or do you just like being so close to power?" He hissed. She bared her teeth and tried to push away from him. "You're disgusting." Somehow her words stung. "I am your keeper, I am the one who chooses whether you live or die. You will obey me," he snarled before pushing her away, watching her coldly as she fell by his feet, her dark hair beginning to come loose and curl around her cheeks. "You don't own me." She finally spit out, scrambling to her feet. Her eyes blazed like amber fire and although she had no weapon but looked prepared to fight, her face was so severe. "You learn one trick and think you can escape? I underestimated you, but you will not get that chance again. If I must become your constant captor, then I will." And he would deal with her himself. Snoke would see his strength when he presented the location and the girl to him. Rey Rey hated this, hated him. After his little tantrum, he locked her hands and feet to a chair that a droid had fused to a heavy metal plate that she probably weighed more than she did. Kylo had no trouble moving it with his powers, but when Rey tried, she couldn't budge it. He wouldn't let her out of his sight. When she tried to sleep, he woke her. When he ate, he made her watch him. "You want to eat, you can tell me the location," he told her. Luckily, she was used to going without. He kept trying to push her mind, and she kept pushing him out. He refused to let her leave the chair to sleep, and did not lay down to sleep either. When she asked him if he ever slept, he just laughed. "You think I will sleep before you do, leaving you to try and figure your way out? No, I can wait." "Well, you will," she replied hotly. She had to have a chance to escape, or at least think without his eyes on her. "You're angry," he said, smiling cockily at her from a more comfortable chair. She didn't like him. "I'm frustrated," she countered. "You are desperate. To return to Han Solo? To your rebel friends?" He asked. "They have abandoned you here. They only care for themselves." She hated him. "Leave me alone. You know nothing about my friends," she replied. He was silent, his dark eyes watching her. He got up and leaned over her, placing his hands on the arms of her chair. "I know more than you," he replied lowly. "I can take what I want, and I have already seen inside your mind. You're nothing but another piece of scrap on Jakku, unwanted and nothing but junk on a graveyard of a planet." She glared back at him defiantly, refusing to shrink. He saw the hate in her eyes, and it excited him. "Give into your hate, and you will be much more powerful," he told her. Her gaze did not weaken. "But then I would be just like you," she retorted. Neither got sleep that night. Kylo left her alone, in the room next to what she assumed was his bedroom. In the chair. But he let her know he was awake many times. A large crash or bang against the door that would make her jump and then shake from the adrenaline pumping through her veins. Once, she had managed to sleep through his interruption only to have ice cold water thrown in her face. She stopped trying to sleep after that. But that wasn't the worst of it. Shortly after she was recaptured and put into her new prison, he had circled her, eyes bright. "Comfortable?" He asked. She scoffed. He leaned in close. "You're not having a good time? I am." "Of course you are," she snapped back. "You enjoy nothing but others pain." He swung around to stare directly at her. "Is that all you think of me?" She swallowed hard. "Why wouldn't I?" "Then I wouldn't want to disappoint you," he replied, voice somehow harsher than before. Her breath caught in her throat as his hand suddenly came to rest on her arm. His thumb brushed against her wrappings and a cruel smile toyed on his lips. "Why do you wear these?" He asked, his voice causing a shiver to run up her spine. "Stop," she ordered, eyes locked on his. "Are you hiding something?" He was either incredibly stupid, or simply toying with her. They were for protection against the sun and the sand. She wore the same on her legs. Kylo's hand did leave her, and for a moment she breathed easy. But the electric sound of his saber igniting made her tense completely. He leered over her, and her heart picked up pace twofold. "Don't move," he whispered, as if she could. His saber lowered down to her arm, closer and closer until her wraps began scorching. Only a few moments later they caught fire, and she winced as they fell away, the flames brushed against her skin. His face was eager as he did the other arm, but then as he stepped back and saw her burn-marked and scarred skin, it changed. His dark eyes met hers, a question. She felt a curious push at her mind, but she practically threw him away from her mind. Jakku was a dangerous place and as a child wandering the desert planet, she had to learn from experience. Kylo's right hand still laid on her arm, and she looked at it and then back at him, leaning a little closer to meet his gaze. "Get your hand off my goddamn arm," she said slowly, venom laced throughout her voice. Something flickered in his eyes, and then his lips curled up in a snarl. "How dare you try to give me an order," Kylo hissed. "I'll show you who's in charge here." His saber was raised again and held close to her skin, so close that it began to blister and burn. Rey grit her teeth and thrashed her head back and to the side. She held in the sound of her pain, but her eyes were screwed shut as he burned her. He stopped when she began to shake all over, but it wasn't the last time he would do it. He mocked her when she wouldn't scream or tell him what he wanted to know, and never burned the same place twice. He sometimes applied bacta patches to her arms, letting them heal before repeating the torture. Her tan skin now almost constantly bore his marks. And he wouldn't let her forget it. But it was nothing she hadn't heard of. She'd heard tales of torture from passer-bys on Jakku, people missing an eye or disfigured by sagging and scarred skin. She'd heard of terrible, terrible things and feared herself made victim of any one of them. But if it came down to it, she thought, she could still grit her teeth and live without an eye. What was one if you still had the other? Han and Finn and Chewbacca, they were all more important. Would they come back for her? She didn't know. Maybe it was too risky. But she was certain that it would be really hard to get out on her own. Not impossible, but definitely hard. Especially as she was now, thirsty and exhausted. If only she could break free. BANG! Another goddamn noise from Kylo to deprive her of sleep. If she wasn't locked to the chair, she surely would have jumped out of her skin. "Too scared to come in and chat?" She shouted, perhaps a little too arrogantly, for the door slid open with a hiss. "Didn't think you wanted company," Kylo remarked as he entered. Without his helmet again. "Thank you for the invitation." She scoffed quietly and rolled her eyes, looking away in an effort to hold her tongue. But a firm grasp on her chin soon forced her to look back at him. "Playing shy?" Kylo asked. Her eyes widened and she quickly did as she had done before in times like these on Jakku. She bit him, hard. "Fuck!" Kylo stumbled back once she released him. She licked her lips, tasting blood. He looked up at her through his dark hair with fury. "You dirty desert scum!" She spat her bloody spit towards him but then felt her throat constrict. Kylo's hand was outreached towards her and a dangerous smile played on his lips. In the back of her mind, she felt a bit of satisfaction at seeing the mark she had left on his arm. Finally, a little payback. But as the air she needed escaped her, she fought against his hold. "I don't like it when my guests are rude," Kylo hissed, coming closer. Rey choked and struggled, her mind quickly building up to a panic. "Not so powerful now, hm?" His brow furrowed and she felt him press again to her mind. She had to fight back, for breath and for control! She concentrated, hard, trying to harness whatever ability she'd had before. Somehow a wall kept Kylo out for now, but that was only for when she was conscious enough to focus. "Tell me where the droid is," Kylo seethed. "Show me the map, girl. I'm done waiting!" Push, push! It was harder and harder with each moment. Finally, just as dark spots began to dot her vision, she was released. She gasped for air and Kylo roared. Her head spun and she collapsed back onto the chair. Kylo came back and forced his face close to hers. "You think you are better? Stronger? All you are is a rat who's been blessed with a crumb. You don't measure up to me, or anyone else on this ship. You're no pilot, no jedi, no leader. All you are and all you will ever be is nothing." "Shut up!" She screamed right back in his face, her gaze blind with fury. If only her hands were free, she would choke him and claw him for his words. "You still want to kill me," he said, drawing back with that filthy little smile on his lips. "As if you could." "Let me out and we'll see who's right," she fumed. "Anger is not pretty on you," Kylo taunted, as if he already knew it would irritate her. "Foolishness is not attractive on you, but that doesn't stop you!" She bit back. For a moment he looked genuinely startled, then curious. After a moment of silence, he waved his hand and the shackles released. Rey looked down, completely shocked. After a moment of disbelief, she scrambled out of them, rubbing her wrists. "Better?" He asked. She looked up and then flew at him, reaching for his face. If he wanted to torture her, she'd take a bit of him down with her. He caught her wrists before her stubbed nails could even land. "Easy there, kitten. Anger me again and you'll lose what I'm about to offer you." Voice thick with distress, and eyes alert, she scanned his dark gaze and asked, "What could you have to offer me?" Kylo looked down and then up as if it should be obvious. "Why don't we start with a change of clothes?" Chapter 2 : Chapter 2 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Rey An hour or so later she had given in to a trip to the refresher, some water and newer clothes in tan and black, strangely similar to the ones she had worn before. Close fitting but surprisingly soft, the tan shirt's neck was cut in a V and had thicker shoulders. The pants were standard and cut at the knee, the same kind she had before. However, the boots were higher and tighter than the ones she had before, lacing up to the very bottom of her pants. The dark jacket she was given wasn't even really a jacket, it was merely a long sleeveless vest without buttons that went underneath the thin black leather belt and trailed down to her knees. All the clothes were very lightweight and comfortable, but it made Rey uncomfortable that Kylo had them on hand, like he had planned this out a while ago. Even more so, when she left the refresher in her new garb, a strange look had flicked past his face that made her stomach clench for some reason. But maybe that was just the hunger. He had not yet offered her food, but it was what she so craved after her other demands. It felt like her stomach was digesting itself. Not unfamiliar, but unwanted. "Did you like my gifts?" Kylo asked, watching her drink her third glass of water as they stood in his small sort of kitchen. She bit her tongue and simply nodded. "Good. Then you will realize how generous I am." Those words were dangerous. Rey looked up at him, wary. He tilted his head. "I'm sure you're hungry. Would you like to earn some food?" At the word earn, she bristled. As a child, a man once tried to convince her to earn a meal by letting him touch her small, prepubescent chest and hips. Just the memory of his rough claws on her skin made her nauseous. "What do you want?" She finally ground out. He smiled. "I want you to do as I say." Her eyes narrowed and he chuckled. "Easy. Why don't you see what I request before you deny?" She didn't reply, so he leaned forward from his seat at the table and settled his dark, haunting eyes on her. "Kneel." Every part of her screamed not to. Her hesitation must have made him impatient, because he urged, "I'm not making you do it, like I could." Her stomach was killing her, distracting her and making her light headed. She knew the signs; she needed food. So carefully setting her glass down, she slowly knelt to the ground. "Look at me." Worse. She had avoided his pointed gaze until now, and the moment she met his eyes she regretted it. His smugness radiated from him. "Good." She detested him. "Say my name." She hated him. "Kylo Ren." She hated herself. All this was was humiliation. It was almost the worst thing he could do. He stood and her heart skipped a beat. "If only I could keep you here, just like this. Such a pleasing picture." She ground her teeth, fighting every instinct she had. "Are you hungry, Rey?" He asked, standing above her. Her name on his lips gave her a start as she realized that it was probably the first time he said it in her presence. "Yes." "Are you tired?" "…Yes." He circled her like a predator. "I like seeing you at my mercy, knowing that I can take whatever I want." "If you could, then you'd know where the map was." Her hair was grabbed from behind and her head was tilted back. "Speak like that to me again and you will suffer." She already was. Kylo "Let's come to a little understanding." She was at his whim now, and she understood it. She knelt before him like a slave, but still dared to defy him. She was strong in power and mind. He let go of her hair and came to face her again. She gazed at him, mouth tensed as if holding back remark. "From this day onward, you are mine. You will make yourself useful to me, and you will be trained. Someday, if you ever amount to anything, you may become my apprentice. Overall, you will behave." Her mouth opened to argue but he cut her off. "In return, I will not kill you. You will be confined only to this apartment, unless you are with me. With that you will have water, food, clothes. All that you need. And, of course, my excellent tutorage." "Don't flatter yourself. I don't want to be trained in the dark ways." "You will be trained as I see fit." He let her remark slide, because he knew that this deal was a bitter pill for her to swallow. Her plush lips pressed together and her eyebrows furrowed in agitation. But finally, she replied. "Fine." He cupped her chin in his hand and she stiffened. "Good. And stop planning your escape, it's futile and annoying." She shook off his grasp but gazed up at him searchingly. He laughed. "You're such a little earworm," he taunted. "Your emotions, when strong, cause a disturbance in the force. Like ripples on water, I feel them radiate from you." She looked down, the concept obviously rolling around her mind. He pressed a few buttons and waited until food popped out for her. "Sleep here," he told her. "Tomorrow you shall meet our Supreme Leader." He left before she woke; Snoke had summoned him. What was worse, Hux was there as well, waiting. "Finally, the elusive Kylo Ren." Kylo stared down Hux, trying to quell the fires of his anger. Snoke could surely sense his efforts to control his emotions. "Hux, how are the preparations for the Killer Star Base shaping up?" Snoke said. "I must return to the base soon; it is almost operational. Not completed, but operational." "Good. Our Strategy must change now that it is functioning. I want you to use it to destroy the Republic's main force." Kylo looked up at his master, surprised but not concerned. He wondered which planet he would choose. "Where exactly?" Hux asked promptly, his stance erect and faultless. "We have pinpointed more than a few of their arsenal bases." Snoke reached up and rubbed his chin for a moment, keeping the two men in anticipation. "No. This must be a more drastic hit," Snoke said slowly. "Choose wisely, Hux." The general nodded. "The Hosnian system. It is the center of the New Republic's government." Snoke leaned forward, eager now. "Excellent. You may move forward with this plan." Hux nodded again and suddenly Kylo felt the weight of his master's gaze upon him. "And the girl, Kylo?" He looked up into Snoke's ice blue eyes. "Despite the initial resistance, she has submitted herself to me and will be trained. With time, I will convince her of the dark side's power and will be able to locate the droid." "Hmm. You may move forward with this, Ren. But time is essential, and you must not get distracted by this, or the girl." Snoke's focus grew pointed and he leaned back. "You feel compassion for her." Kylo's brow furrowed and his breathing immediately grew erratic. "I do not!" He could feel Hux's smugness. The heaviness of Snoke's force grew stronger. "It will make you weak," Snoke reminded. "And you should know that the droid you seek is now with your father, in his old ship. I have seen it." "He means nothing to me. His presence changes nothing." Snoke gazed at him in silence. "Master, I will not be seduced by the light. With your training I will become stronger!" Kylo persuaded. Finally, his master nodded. "We shall see how this all plays out in our hand. For now, carry out your missions." Rey When she woke up, Kylo was gone. Having some degree of freedom now let her explore the apartment. First she tried every door she could find, but every one that led outside were tightly bolted. There was the room she was kept in before, a small kitchen off a sitting area, and the bedroom with an attached refresher. There were no personal items, and the entire apartment was dark and filled with shades of grey. There were a few large windows looking out, not onto a hangar, but into the void of space. It was dark, but strangely beautiful. Jakku was full of light and heat, and the darkness was such a contrast. She looked around and wondered if she had enough time to take a sanisteam. She did not feel safe doing that while he was here. Deciding to take the plunge, she locked the door behind her, satisfied with the secure click. She stripped down and turned to the sanisteam. Unfortunately, this one was unnecessarily complicated. On Jakku, water was incredibly scarce, so there was one set of public sanisteams that everyone used. You had five minutes of lukewarm water and the danger of being harassed or attacked. There was never a chance to enjoy the water, and there was only one button to press. Now, Kylo's had tons. And there were no symbols. Afraid of what would happen, Rey closed the glass most way and stuck her hand in far enough to press one of the buttons. Water shot out, ice cold. She pressed another, and suddenly the water stopped and soap coated her arm, slick and slimy. Another button dispensed hot water, another dispensed a small amount of a greasy substance onto the floor. Was that for hair? For her body? After all kinds of experimentation, Rey finally got in and got clean. She was really enthralled that the water never stopped, and the complete privacy she had. It was a first. She spread the greasy stuff on her hair and her body for good measure at the end. Once clean and dry, she put on the same clothes she had before and ate some food. She was delighted to discover that the button Kylo had pressed for the food was unlimited. She ate and ate until she couldn't anymore. This place was full of incredible luxuries she had never expected to experience, especially not here. Was it betrayal to enjoy the things of the First Order? After a while, she got bored. Her hair dried and she put it up. But there was nothing to do. She sat at the window in Kylo's bedroom to gaze out at the view. A small beep interrupted her boredom. A small cleaning droid shot out from under the large bed, stopping just short of the wall. It looked like a large disc, with two small sensors like eyes. It spun on wheels, but seemed like it was limping because one was severely dented, like it had been kicked. It made a small whirring sound and began methodically pacing the room, searching for dirt. Rey stepped into its path and crouched down. "Hello," she greeted. It paused, beeped, then went around her feet. "Wait!" She said and gently picked it up. It squawked its objections and whirled its wheels helplessly. She hushed it and placed it in her lap. It seemed to speak a very basic version of binary. Easy to understand, but hinted that it didn't have very much awareness. "Easy there," she told it. "Your wheel's all messed up. Didn't you notice?" It beeped sadly, admitting that it did. She patted it sympathetically. "Perhaps I can fix it." She smiled at its energetic approval. Finding a fork and a knife, she turned it over. It let out a weak beep, but otherwise didn't object. She tinkered around with it for a while, but soon became frustrated at her lack of tools. There's was so little she could do with a stupid knife and fork. It was clumsy and strange without her tools, and she accidentally severed a wire while trying to disconnect it. In the end, she might have done more damage than help. It moved from side to side now, and often spun round and round. Still, it beeped sweetly and thanked her. She was happily having a little conversation with it when the unmistakable sound of the door opened. Kylo stepped in the room and the droid beeped and attempted to resume cleaning. Kylo looked at her as she sat up and tilted his head at the droid. "Were you…speaking with it?" Her cheeks warmed and she frowned. "Yes, I know binary." She stood, feeling uneasy on the floor. He gazed at her for a moment too long and then back at the droid, which spun lazily as it traveled from side to side. It looked as if it had had one too many sips of Banka Juice. "What did you do to it?" He asked her mockingly. "Are your skills so weak that you cannot even fix this droid?" "It was a mistake, you blinking idiot," she snapped. "I don't have a lot of experience with droids, only ships and some weapons. Besides, if I had the right tools maybe I could actually fix it." "Tools, hm…?" He nudged the little thing into the wall, where it ricocheted, hard. Luckily for it, Rey caught it with one hand. She glared at him. "Must you harm every little thing you come across?" She set the droid free and turned away. "Now leave me be." He took off his helmet and sat. She looked over to him, startled. The heavy sound of the helmet being placed down did not make her flinch, but inwardly she cringed. Seeing his face made him look so much less like the monster he was. "Our leader wants to see you," he told her. She frowned and went to straighten the droid's wheel. "I doubt I have a choice, but if your supreme leader wants to try and probe my mind like you did, then I decline." "You will do as I wish." He told her. "You will show us the map." This was ignored, but he kept watching her. Glancing at the helmet briefly, she ventured, "Why do you wear that thing anyways? You don't think your terrible personality isn't intimidating enough?" He raised his hand and immediately her lips closed. She fought against it, and was released. "I tire of your silly remarks. And I have no need to answer your questions." She glanced up at him furtively, and a moment after he released her she asked, "It's because of him, isn't it? Darth Vader? You want to be like him." Kylo practically growled, pushing up from his chair. "You know nothing." She shook her head and pushed outwards with the force, trying to reach his mind like before. He was too strong for her, but he was slipping because of his anger. "You don't want to be like him…you want to be him," she pressed. "But you know you never can." Kylo strode across the room and with one foot, smashed the little droid. Rey gasped and tears sprang to her eyes at his cruelty. His wicked smile was directed at her heart. "Don't need you making friends," Kylo jeered. "Focus only on me. Do not forget whose mercy you are at." She grit her teeth and forced her tears back. "You are a monster, and you will never, ever rule over the galaxy. You're nothing like your grandfather. You are childish and weak, and you will only destroy everything you touch." He turned to her, eyes bright and his lightsaber was drawn, crackling to life. She edged back, breathing in sharply. "You know nothing of him or my power. Do you wish for me to show you? Are you so stupid that you invite my wrath?" he yelled. Trembling slightly, she swallowed. "You will fall as he did…he was drawn back to the light because of his family…because of Luke and Leia Skywalker. Your ties, your family will call you back too." He smiled a terrible smile, full of bitterness and anger. "I would kill them all to release myself from the pain they cause me. Soon I will no longer have to worry about them." Red light from his lightsaber lit up her light eyes as she gaped at him. "You would kill your own family?" her mind flashed to the ever so distant family she once had, and then to Han Solo. The man who she had felt so akin to, like a father, who had been the first person to treat her with worth. How could he destroy anything like that? He brought the blade closer to her neck, his face an emotionless mask. "I would kill anyone," he replied coldly. Notes: Hey guys, thanks so much for all the bookmarks, kudos, and comments! Y'all rock and are the best motivation! Chapter 3 : Chapter 3 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Rey Her palms began to sweat before they even entered the room. Humiliatingly, he had placed her hands in handcuffs and attached a chain to them for him to hold. Like a leash. Mortifying. Kylo was taking her to see the "Supreme Leader." The man who was his master, who commanded the First Order. She had no idea how powerful or how dangerous this guy was. Kylo was no help, like he would protect her. If his leader was anything like Kylo, he'd probably kill her over her first sentence. They arrived, and Rey clenched her fists, wishing she could at least be free of these chains. Just in case. Kylo looked over, unreadable in his mask. She swallowed, and the door slid open. Kylo turned his gaze forward. The room was large and tall. Probably the biggest room she'd ever seen. And one of the darkest. Very little light illuminated the room, but as far as Rey could see, there was no one else here but she and Kylo. They paused in the middle of the room, and Rey turned to Kylo. "Where-?" "Hush." Both their voices echoed. Rey went quiet as a hologram suddenly flickered to life. A huge hologram. It was as tall as the room and wasn't any species Rey had ever seen. Old, pale, hairless, and scarred. Huge, haunting eyes. A giant corpse sitting on a throne, looking down at them. Disfigured and decrepit, it wasn't the man's appearance that truly frightened her. It was his eyes, the dead soullessness that resided there. Even the calculation and power that the man conveyed was not enough to fill the emptiness she saw, which was only magnified by the size of the hologram. While she went completely cold, Kylo looked up with what seemed like reverence. "Master, I have brought the girl to you as you have asked." The creature focused on Rey, but directed his words to Kylo. "And where is General Hux?" Kylo stiffened. "I did not ask him to come." Snoke tipped his head back ever so slightly. "Your jealousy of him only weakens you, Ren." Kylo dipped his head down, but Rey was captured by the creature's gaze. "So you're the force-sensitive little scavenger. What is your name?" Her lips trembled but then pushed them together firmly. "Rey." "Just Rey?" She nodded and the figure leaned forward. "Your origins are unknown. But I have foreseen your future. Your potential." She looked over to Kylo, who did not glance towards her at all. Licking her lips, she stepped forward. "I don't care what you have to say. I want no part of the dark side. I have resisted Kylo's attempts on my mind again and again. I will never tell you where the map is. So either kill me or let me go." The chain that she was connected to was yanked, causing her to stumble back. Kylo's mechanical voice filled her ears. "She is as resistant as I have told you. She has abilities but refuses to comply." The figure's skeletal figure straightened in its seat and tightened its grip on the edges of its chair. "You have failed the task I gave you, Ren," it boomed. "But your personal mission must be put aside for now. We have bigger priorities that you must focus on. Concentrate your efforts on the suppression of the rebels, and train this girl. She will be useful in the future if you succeed." Rey's head shot up and her heart beat erratically. "No! I will not be trained in your demented ways! I-" Her body mouth froze and nothing more came out. Kylo looked to her for a moment, but then away. "Yes, Supreme Leader Snoke." The creature leaned its disfigured head back, his marred flesh illuminated and terrifying. "Do not fail me, Ren." The hologram flickered and then died, as did the man's hold on Rey. She gasped and looked to Kylo, who stood still and silent, staring at where the figure had been. "I will not be trained, Kylo!" Panic and fury rose in her. "Tell him! Call him back and tell him!" "Master's word is final." Her throat was thick and adrenaline rushed through her veins. Despite her words, she wanted to live. But she knew from the legends that the dark side was one that would taint the body and the mind. And she had seen this, with Kylo…and with Snoke. Kylo, seemingly inspired by his Master's words, was even more intolerable than before. He ordered her to sleep on the floor, not the couch, and refused her food unless she begged for it. Having a full stomach from earlier and a stronger will than before, she rebuffed this and went to sleep without a meal. Her dreams were haunting and full of terrible images that made her wake up on the floor in the dark, cold with sweat. By morning, she was exhausted. "You are less irritating today," Kylo said to her as he ate. From the floor, she closed her eyes, trying to resist the urge to jump up and claw his eyes out. "You aren't." This only amused him, and he got up and delivered a plate of food to her with derision. "Eat, you'll need your strength. You begin training today." She ate quickly and ignored him. But when she glanced up, mid mouthful, she was startled by the look in his eye. Almost gentle. His quick shift to standing broke her concentration and she resumed eating as he left the room. But still, it bugged her. Or rather, the memory his look evoked. It had reminded her of Finn. The training was grueling. Unforgiving. And draining. But to her relief, there was no dark edge. So far, there was no emphasis on anger or hatred or detachment, as she'd expected. All there was was feeling and focusing and repeated physical exercises. She failed on many occasions and couldn't meet Kylo's demands. But somehow, she did feel her skills sharpening, strengthening. Little by little. He never let her quit, but he did contain his rages. Sometimes he even seemed detached, like he wasn't affected by her mistakes or angered by them. Every night she'd sleep deeply, without dreams. She never let Kylo see how much her body ached or how much it scared her to be trained by him. Still, as the days passed, she found herself worrying more and more about her position. Where was Han? Where was Finn? She didn't expect them to risk everything to come and save her; Han knew more than anyone that she could handle herself. But she was up against a serious threat and realized that the more time she spent here, the more she felt used to these circumstances. She couldn't get away from Kylo. Sometimes she caught him gazing at her with that strange expression. Even worse, sometimes she caught herself watching him with curiosity. He was a brute and nothing else. "You have improved. Master Snoke will be pleased," he told her one evening. "I would rather eat my own toe than please him." Kylo seemed amused, his lips quirking up ever so slightly. "You repay the First Order's generosity so kindly." She shook her head and toyed with her fork, irritated. "I am neither grateful nor forgiving of you keeping me here." Kylo walked around the table to lean in close to her. "And here I am, doing so much for nothing. I must be the most giving man you've ever met." Her defiant look was met with a feral hunger in his eyes that clenched her stomach. The dark, waved hair the framed his face looked soft and smooth, a sharp contrast to the sharp jaw and cheekbones. Her finger twitched and she looked away without responding. Yes, the less time she spent here the safer she was. He was not the only thing that scared her. Kylo As she grew stronger, she grew more defiant. Despite the time that passed, she never wavered. She wanted to leave, and she never let him forget it. It was amazing; she seemed to have an endless supply of strength and will. Always swinging back with a word or a swipe, the brown in her eyes flickering with the green like sunlight through a tree's leaves. Nothing could truly sway or weaken her. No matter how angry he made her, she never seemed to really lose control. How he envied her. Her strength…he craved it. He had power, but it wasn't the same, somehow. She was indeed like a desert flower, surviving and even thriving no matter what. Now, however, he had a problem. Or rather, more of an annoyance. Hux. He always avoided Hux, for he was snide and annoying. Hux was the opposite of Kylo, always emotionless yet still powerful, cool and sneaky. Hux was in the running for the person Kylo hated most, only losing perhaps to Han Solo. "You've holed her up nicely," Hux commented as they looked over plans for the Killer Star Base. "I suppose your apartment is now a little love nest." Prickles ran up and down Kylo's neck as he made a true effort to suppress his rage. "As if I would ever sink that low and defy Master's teachings." Hux lifted his chin defiantly and only looked slightly amused. "You're weak. She's made you even more pathetic." Hux only dared to speak this way because of the uneasy truce Snoke had ordered between the two. Neither could work against the other or get in the other's way. Because Kylo was the one with true power, it often gave him leverage and rank over Hux. But now, it seemed that the general had found a button to push. "I am carrying out my master's orders. No one else can even control her. She'd twist your mind in a moment," Kylo growled. "Your denial is extraordinary. Our Supreme Leader knows exactly what he is doing, for you are just another pawn." Hux's blue eyes flashed with conceit. Kylo brought his fist down on the control panel in front of them, destroying it. "I have no feeling for the girl, and I couldn't care less if our Supreme Leader sentenced her to death this moment!" Hux smirked, his slick copper hair faultless. "Then let me conduct a little experiment." Kylo's heart beat a little faster as he looked at the general, trying to imagine what he had in mind. Hux liked "experiments," in fact, he was one the main minds behind the cloneless trooper army as it was now. They were on the same side, he and Hux, but there was a thin line that the latter seemed to tread. although it was very rare, sometimes Kylo walked away from a conversation with Hux feeling almost uneasy. He was thankful that his helmet hid his expression as he answered. "Fine." Rey Kylo hadn't said much. He had been somewhat irritated and had indicated that they were meeting the creepy copper general that Rey had seen a few times in passing to go and see something "inspiring." So she was automatically suspicious. Outfitted with the usual chains she wore on any outings, Kylo angrily tugged her through the halls until the general joined them. "Hux," Kylo barked. The man looked over the two of them coolly. "Ren," he said. A small smile appeared on Hux's lips as he turned his icy gaze on Rey. "And you must be Rey. Glad to finally be introduced." She considered replying, but something about this man felt slimy. Slick. She had dealt with many just like him. Kylo at least was transparent. So she only gazed back at him indignantly. Hux raised his head and haughtily said, "I see she's taken a page from your book, Ren." Rey could have sworn Kylo was smiling underneath that mask. Hux explained in a clipped tone that they'd be looking at some children from the storm trooper program. Even though she had questioned why she was being shown this at all, Hux had only smiled a strange little smirk. Rey remembered Finn's admission clearly How he'd been so upset, his voice breaking with emotion as he described being raised to be a killing machine. And those words that she could have said herself: "I was taken from a family I'll never know." All she knew was that whatever this program was, it was inhumane and cruel. It was part of the First Order, after all. She silently prepared herself for the robotic dehumanization she was sure to witness. What she didn't expect though, was that she wouldn't be shown adults, like Finn. No, she had been brought to see kids. When they first arrived, the children were acting quite normally. They were each assembling a number of metal pieces into what appeared to be a replica of a blaster. Preparing them for use of the real thing. However, they did so while speaking quietly to one another. However, after a moment, the sallow teacher noticed Kylo, Hux, and Rey watching and immediately began shouting at the class. Rey frowned as all the children shrank back and intently focused on their task. They all appeared like robots then, and she felt unsettled. As a child, she had been victim to many people who thought they owned her or could control her. She had had a few scavengers who had been kind to her, but before she had set off to scavenge alone she had been victim to a few scum who forced her to scavenge for nothing. Until she had learned to defend herself, serving others had been her only means of survival. Looking at these nameless children being trained to kill, it was like watching her own childhood slip away. "The rigorous training makes you strong," General Hux said. "Teaches discipline." He eyed Rey. "Perhaps something you need to focus on." Kyle said nothing, but his head turned slightly towards the general. Rey observed how his feelings spiked a bit, almost objectively. A sudden sound within the classroom refocused Rey on the scene before her. The teacher had apparently caught one child helping another and was angry. Startled, Rey leaned in to the cool glass, confused. "We're training soldiers, not friendships. Bonds make you weak," Kylo's robotic voice cut in through her thoughts. She looked at him, and he nodded toward the window. "It is discouraged." Rey watched as the little girl who had assisted was given a slim steel bar and directed to the boy she had helped, who was now holding out his hands. She watched in horror as the girl began to strike the boy's pale palm as he held back tears. The girl also looked upset, but the rest of the children looked on blankly, without emotion. Furious, she turned to Kylo. "This is barbaric. Stop them!" He stared at her, and incredously she glanced from him to Hux, who only looked smug. "They're only children," she seethed, and banged her hands on the glass. She only got to once before she was restrained by a storm trooper. "They're being disciplined," Kylo told her, but she shook her head in distressed dismay. "By each other? For helping? That's just cruelty!" She fought hard against her bonds, all while Kylo's dark mask stared. Kylo He could feel her fury, and her distress. Kylo reached out to her mind, and in her anguish she was unable to focus and push him out. He saw flashes of her childhood, of cruelty imposed. Slavery and brutality she had witnessed. Bruises and hunger, even children pitted against each other for money. This did not faze him. Only the slightest twinge of emotion remained in the darkness he surrounded himself in. What caught him was the intensity of her emotion, and how memories and the act in front of her upset her. She had been degraded, deprived, hurt, taunted, but never did she falter. Always her determination won. But here, she was exposed and weak, so distraught that he was able to get inside her head. But experiencing what she felt was too much, was too overpowering. He fought against the desire, the thoughts he was suddenly afflicted with, but in the end, he reached up and knocked on the glass. The teacher, seeing Kylo do so, hurried to stop the upset children, separating them and returning them to their seats. But Kylo didn't watch them, he watched her. She pressed close against the glass, the light from the classroom illuminating the tear that slid down her cheek. Hux laughed. Immediately Kylo was seized with fury. He had given in, and had done so in front of the general he so despised. All because of that stupid girl. She was eroding him, stripping him of his strength, and it made him furious. He yanked on Rey's chain and began storming away down the hallway to somewhere he could safely release his rage without Hux's eyes on him. "You better be careful, Kylo," Hux called after him. "Your little soft spot will be the end of you." Notes: Happy extra chapter day! May the odds be ever in your favor. Chapter 4 : Chapter 4 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Rey She didn't know why, but he had done it. He had stopped those children from being forced to hurt each other. Now, he was angry, most likely because of how that general had mocked him. She knew he hated to be viewed or even think of himself as weak. Maybe there was something more to him. Perhaps, she could convince him that his…kindness…was not weakness. He led her to his apartment, where the wall still bore marks of his last fit. Her chain was released as the door closed, and she swiftly pressed against a wall as he picked up a chair and threw it. "Stop it!" She yelled. Before, she had been so afraid of him and his rage. Now he just seemed like a child throwing a tantrum. He tore off his helmet and threw it, causing it to bounce off the wall where he had burnt it last time. "Silence!" He yelled as he drew up close to her, causing her to press even more towards the wall. "You have manipulated me with your mind and humiliated me. No more! I am the one in control here, I am your superior! You are nothing but a desert rat! I see what's in your mind, I see how you seek to overpower me with your plays of emotion!" "You're wrong!" She shouted right back. "I didn't make you stop those children, you did!" He was breathing heavy, seething. His hand came to grab her chin and forced her to look at him, a threat. His breath was hot on her cheek and his dark hair swept in front of his wild eyes. His other hand pinned her arm firmly, not painfully, but held her from escape. "You think I would let myself be swayed? You think I am so weak as to feel sorry for a few brats?" Her eyes narrowed. "I felt you enter my mind, I know what you saw." He laughed in her face. "I have no sympathy for your sad little childhood. If you used your pain and harnessed it, you would actually be of some use," he snarled. She reached up and grabbed onto his arm with her free hand, glaring. "It was no trick. You felt something for a reason. You cared." They stood equal, one hand on each others arm, both glaring and tense. It felt as if they were hard, stubborn walls that just kept clashing into each other again and again, trying to see who would crumble first. His hand tightened for a moment in anger on her jaw. "I did not." "Admit it," Rey managed, almost gasping as pain shot up her flushed cheeks. "You cannot deny your feelings. You are drawn to the light." Her hand tightened on his arm as she struggled, but suddenly his hand drew back and formed a fist. A moment later, it crashed into the wall beside her. "I am not drawn to the light!" He screamed, and then there was silence. Rey had sucked in a sharp breath, and stood with teeth bared and muscles tense ad poised to fight. Kylo stared silently at where he had dented the wall. She laid a hand to her throat and moved away from him in one quick moment, wondering if this was just the calm before another storm. After a moment, he flew out of the room, locking it behind him. She sank to the floor, grateful that he was gone. Rey had felt a moment of fear that he would kill her in his anger, but she had seen the conflict in his eyes. Had felt it through his skin. She knew she should take the opportunity of his absence to work on her escape, but she was drained. She was unsettled by what she had seen-really, just unsettled by him in general. He confused her, and she kept finding herself feeling pity or compassion for the angry man. Unwilling to sleep on the floor, she crawled onto the couch and fell asleep there, praying she wouldn't be tormented by memories in her dreams. Or by the image of him. Kylo When he returned, he did not bother removing her from the couch. Somehow, he just didn't care to torture her anymore. It was pointless, and was more uncomfortable than anything since they were constantly in each other's presence. Killing was swift, easy, and almost painless. But he had almost always left the actual torture to others. There was simply no desire to torment those he cared nothing about. Although he had never been "right" as a child according to his parents, it was not his nature to do as some did, killing pets and taking them apart. Kylo was more apt to deliver cruel and harmful punishments to those who had wronged him rather than to pointlessly slay. They only brought him in to extract information the interrorgators could not glean from their torture. Like with that pilot. He was beaten bloody, but none could get anything out of him. Except for Kylo. As for Rey though, Kylo had not let any of them touch her. Only he had dealt with her. And he had only harmed her when she had successfully resisted him. And part of that torture had been out of spite for her rejection of him from her mind. Now he had sat for hours, staring at his grandfather's mask. Thinking forever about the dark and the light. The way he somehow was drawn to the light, like he was unconsciously wired to fight back against the dark. Even when he sought so hard to embrace it. He had to return the galaxy to its rightful state, fulfill the dream his grandfather had. All would know the power of the force. But the mask gave him no answers, and he would not admit his weakness to his master again, although Hux had probably already informed him, the snake. Rey frustrated him. If he was drawn to the light, it must be because it emulated from her. Her stubbornness and blind belief was the characteristics of a fool, just like his parents and Luke. Yet he would not call her that. As she tempted him into the light, it was as if she did hold a power over him, yet it was a force he could not dispel. However she had done it, he hated her for making him so pathetic. For now, she could feel his wrath. She would see the power of the dark. He did not sleep that night, only gazed into the darkness of his room, listening to the silence of space. Rey How she hated this "training." Although so far she had not been forced into anything that seemed malicious, she hated how she was attacked again and again in order to "hone her skills." She had thought that training would focus more on her mind, not her reflexes. The day after the disgusting display of the First Order's cruelty and her altercation with Kylo, he had appeared calm when he emerged to take her to train. But something was off, she could feel it. And it appeared so when he took her to a new place to train instead of the small room they usually used. She sometimes sparred with a storm trooper or two, but the room couldn't hold any more than them, her, and Kylo. Kylo seemed to love watching. He would circle her and her attackers as if he was a predator waiting for her to weaken enough so he could go for the kill. She was never allowed to use a real weapon so there would be no chance of escape, instead she was given a rod that was shorter than her old one. It was more difficult, but not by much. She theorized that it was supposed to act as a makeshift lightsaber. Luckily for Rey, she was well practiced in holding her own, even against the stormtroopers. Within a week, she could fight off a good number of them with the rod alone. Sweat dripped down her temple and her lungs would burn, but she knew it was a success. She had been able to hold her own against a number of attackers with her old staff on Jakku, and now she was even better. It was a thrill and an accomplishment, being stronger. She even found herself smiling after the latest bout. She thought that this would satisfy Kylo, but instead that day he took it further. "Blindfold her." Standing in the large room he had taken her to, which was already filled with Stormtroopers, she stared at him with shock. How would she be able to fight? Was he merely looking for her to be slaughtered? Noticing her alarm, his voice remarked snidely, "No blows to the head, of course." She shook her head wildly in disbelief, gripping her practice rod a little tighter. Maker, did he want her dead, or was he just a few starships short of a fleet? "You're crazy." Kylo tilted his head at her. "You will use the force to detect your opponent and their movements." A trooper took a step towards her and she reflexively swung her rod before being frozen by Kylo's power, one his most annoying features. "Put it on." Aghast and frozen, she was blinded, cruelly robbed of her sight and still immobile. Kylo's voice came, closer than ever. "Tear the blindfold off and I will deal with you using my own weapon. Now, defend yourself." She was released and she gasped in both surprise and fear. "You're a monster-" she managed before her arm was hit, hard. She swung her rod blindly, only making contact a few times. She was hit again and again, each blow hard enough to bruise. She struggled and bit her lip from crying out, but found herself unable to concentrate past that. "Use the force. Feel their presence." Kylo called, but she might as well have been deaf as well as blind to his words. She felt angrier with each blow, and after a particularly hard hit, she lost hold of her rod. The beating continued, and she fell to the ground in an attempt to retrieve her only weapon and to defend herself. She reached around, but it was gone. Out of desperation she reached out with both her mind and her body, and was startled to find that she knew where it was, as if she had seen it without her eyes. She reached out again experimentally, still trying to shield herself with her arms, and felt it roll ever so slightly. With this discovery she thrust out her energy properly, and within a moment it was back into her grasp. Using her new "sight" she blocked more than a few blows and regained her stance. She began to strike back and could tell when she was about to be hit. It was like driving a new machine without knowing the controls, but she still managed to keep herself upright. her entire body was damp from exertion and her chest heaved with every breath and blow, but she felt the change in her ability like she had before when she had reached into Kylo's mind. In pain, she grit her teeth into a small smile. She'd show Kylo he could never beat her down and destroy her will. She would triumph. Kylo She learned so quickly. He had thought she was done for when she lost her rod, but she had used the force to regain it; and, it seemed, opened up new skills since she was now holding her own. He felt something like admiration as he watched her fight. Rey was strong with the force, just like he was. She was rough, unpolished and unpracticed, but her power was as raw and potent as his. It thrilled him even though a part of him was conflicted and envious. She was a threat if she became more powerful than he. But if she stayed here, where he could watch and control her… He stood still and watched the scene unfold as these thoughts flipped through his mind, so much so that he was almost too distracted to notice what was happening. A particularly aggressive trooper was battling hard with Rey, swinging wider, harder. For a moment Kylo was merely interested; would she be able to continue and block him? But then, a moment before it happened, he realized that the trooper's swing was too wide, too high. She managed to block a few close blows, but eventually his weapon fell straight onto her temple. Exactly where Kylo had instructed the soldiers not to do. She crumpled to the floor and everyone paused, confused and fearful. Kylo's heart seemed to stop, and for a moment he felt like he would be sick. A surge of absolute terror ran through him, followed by rage. The people around tensed. Kylo's animosity could be felt even before he roared, pushing past them all to Rey's lifeless body. "Call a medic immediately," he hissed to the crowd before drawing out his lightsaber. It sputtered to life and the red flashed as he cut off the aggressive trooper's head in one swipe. The helmet and head spun away as the trooper's body became the second to hit the floor, and the rest of them backed away, two running to find a medic. Kylo stood over Rey, lightsaber in hand and shoulder's heaving. Emotion swirled and rage consumed him. He managed to redraw his saber and put it back before clutching his head with his hands. "Grandfather…" he mumbled, the sound barely audible from the mask. He couldn't control himself or make sense of the situation. No clarity or calm came to him, only pain. He glanced back to Rey only to feel a sharp surge as he saw her, still and bleeding. Without thinking, he scooped her up into his arms off the cold, metal floor and strode fast towards his own chambers. Rey Rey dreamed for a long time. Running through darkness, trying to reach the light. Being caught there, unable to continue. She heard children's voices, both a girl and a boy. Both cried out as if in pain. There was an island, and the taste of salt. She felt as if she was swimming through a blur of memories, feeling the rock of a mother's arms and the hot sun of Jakku. Three children, running down a sunlit path. Searing hot pain as well as love so strong it brought tears. She never thought she was asleep, forgetting the reality of wakefulness. When she did finally wake, it was because her head hurt. It throbbed badly and her vision swam. The light hurt her eyes and head badly, so she groaned and turned her head. It was then that she realized she was surrounded by softness. The bed that she was on was warm and she was swathed in a large blanket that felt so soft it was almost silky. She couldn't remember the last time she laid on something like this, if ever. But her body ached and felt strange, as if she had been sleeping a long time. Remembering the blur of dreams, the thought occurred to her that she probably had been. She eased her eyes to the light gradually, and when she could see better she looked around. It was startling to realize that she recognized the place that she was in: Kylo Ren's apartment-in his bedroom. In his bed. She was in his bed. Luckily, she was alone in this bed. But near the wall opposite the bed was the man himself, sans helmet, dozing in a chair. Staring in disbelief, Rey tried to make sense of this scene. Perhaps Kylo sat there to guard, in fear that she would wake up and take advantage of the situation to escape. Seeing Kylo brought back what had happened while she was "training," or at least what she remembered. She had been struck on her head, she thought, and this was proved by the bandages she felt on her forehead. She tried to sit up and groaned unwillingly, which woke up the only other person in the room. Seeing her awake, Kylo hurried to his feet. "You're awake," he said, staring at her intensely. She managed a small nod. "How do you feel?" "My head hurts, thanks to you," she retorted weakly. "I had nothing to do with it," he told her, eyes narrowing. "I clearly instructed them not to go for your head. That trooper disobeyed." "It was quite a barbaric method of training and you know it," she snapped weakly. "If you had used your abilities correctly it wouldn't have happened!" He barked. "You're impossible," Rey countered and glared at him. "Leave me alone, you're hurting my head." He immediately drew back, brow furrowed and emotion checked. A moment of silence passed as she leaned her head back against the pillow. "Now that you're awake, the medic will want to examine you," he said quietly, turning quickly and leaving. Left in the quiet bedroom, Rey exhaled a held breath. Kylo had left her alone, just as she had wanted. Had something shifted? She sank back into the pillows and stared off blankly. She was in Kylo's bed, with Kylo watching over her, and he had listened to her. As if he cared. But that was the most irreconcilable idea she had ever thought. She turned over and closed her eyes to shut off the light and her mind. After a through exam with Kylo hovering the entire time, the medic turned to him. "A concussion, moderate to severe." "How long will it take to recover?" "Could be days or even a couple of weeks. She-" Rey gripped the blanket between her hands tightly. "I'm the one with the concussion. Why don't you tell me, not him?" The medic looked at her swiftly then nervously cleared his throat. Kylo raised an eyebrow. "Ignore her. She has forgotten exactly where she is." She understood perfectly. Under his thumb, on his leash. Ass. "She should be monitored…No amnesia, but could lapse into sleep again if not woken up regularly…susceptible to further injury…" Rey could only catch pieces because the doctor had lowered his voice. His hands had been gentle but his eyes were cold and methodical. She wasn't a person, just a broken being that needed fixing, like a machine. It seemed that no one here had a bit of kindness in them. The doctor soon left and Kylo returned to his chair, staring at her like he always did. "No more training for you for a while." "What a pity." "It will take a while for you to recover. We must treat you gently," he said, a sarcastic edge in his voice. "I'm sure you will, just like before." His look could kill a Bantha. "Do you feel like eating?" "No." "You should eat." "I don't want anything except for you to leave me alone." She was harsh, but she refused for him to take advantage of her physical weakness. Rot her concussion! She had never let anything stop her before. Always she would push herself further, doing what she could until she was back to normal. "I can play nice. I am a good host after all," Kylo replied. He got up and returned with a glass of water and set it down by the bed. "Drink." It seemed like a surrender, but Rey wasn't stupid. Water was essential and on Jakku, precious. She picked it up and drank it rather swiftly, which for her was not unusual. She set the glass back down and lay back, refusing to look at him. "Are you in pain?" He actually sounded a little human this time. "You're the biggest pain here," she retorted. He got up and began to pace around the bed, clearly stinging from her barb. "You are not made out of steel, I see. Certainly that depresses your ego, since you like to appear so tough. But you're just a little scavenger, and with your claws removed you don't have much left." Rey closed her eyes and let her head fall back again. All she could do was try and use her small amount of control she had over him. "I'll never recover if I am forced to get up and strangle you. Stop. Talking." She was starting to feel sick just hearing his hateful words. Or rather, the water was hitting her empty stomach and was making her nauseous. Very nauseous. Kylo was saying something, but she wasn't focused on him at all. In fact, she was trying very hard not to vomit. But slowly the realization hit her that it was going to happen, so she pushed herself up and slowly slid her feet to the floor. "What are you doing?" Kylo sounded a little amused, as if he thought she really was going to try and fight him. Rey didn't answer him, instead trying to focus her dizzied vision on the refresher door. So far…if only her feet would work properly! She had made it around the corner of the bed and was rounding the other when she stepped right into it and fell forward. Lucky for her poor bruised head, Kylo's leather clad arms caught her. "Where are you going?" He asked, a little more concerned. She shook her head and clamped a hand over her mouth, which Kylo immediately understood. "Shit," he cursed, and dragged her straight into the refresher. She pushed him away then and went directly for the toilet, retching up the little that was in her stomach. Becoming aware that Kylo's boot was touching her foot, she kicked it. Could he not give her a second of privacy? If he felt it, he didn't acknowledge it. Instead there was the sound of water running and she suddenly felt something cool touch her brow. She had nothing left in her stomach, but felt so terrible that she didn't even glance up until she heard his voice. "Damn you," he muttered. He was holding a wet cloth across her forehead and frowning as if concerned. Seeing her watching him, his face changed to a hard expression and he grabbed her arm. "Come on." When she tried to shrug him off, he only clutched her closer. "As if you could walk perfectly fine on your own." As he did, she became aware that she was wearing some kind of absurd nightdress. Mid thigh, soft, and sleeveless. But it was not something she felt comfortable wearing. She hadn't worn a dress in many, many years. It was hard to kick someone in the face without giving them a show as well. Kylo actually helped her back into bed and made sure her water glass was refilled. She took a small sip of it and then laid back, frustrated and exhausted. She let her eyes loll to the side and was again surprised to see a worried expression on Kylo's face. "Vomiting…is normal," she told him. He frowned again. "Go to sleep," he ordered. She rolled her eyes. "I can't. I've been sleeping for ages." "Try." "No." The pair stared at each other, unwilling to bow. Kylo crossed his arms and leaned back, as if he had no care. They sat in silence for a long time which felt even longer to Rey. "Why must you watch me like that? Am I too dangerous to be left alone, even like this?" He scoffed. "I can do what I want, this is my dwelling." She narrowed her eyes. "You are incorrigible. Leave me be." "Sorry little desert rat, but I do not take orders from the likes of you." She pushed herself up and felt his eyes inspect her. "Then talk if you insist on being here. I cannot stand your silent scrutiny." He gave a short laugh. "I'd rather hear you talk. I want answers." "You know I won't." His head tilted. "Come now, is a pleasant conversation so difficult?" She lifted an eyebrow. "Answer one of my questions, and maybe I'll answer yours." He leaned forward, black hair rushing his high cheekbones, his expression exposing his interest. "All right. Begin, little rat." "It's Rey, and nothing else," she said sharply. "Why do you wear that mask?" His eyes bored into hers. "To honor someone and to incite fear." He paused, scanning her blank expression for any sign of reaction. "How long have you known Han Solo?" "Not long at all. Only a few days." Kylo couldn't keep the surprise off his face, and she grinned. "Then how-" "It's my turn," Rey taunted. "Where do you come from?" Kylo's face turned dark even at the slightest inquiry to his past. "Nowhere." "Liar." "I'm not lying. I was born on a ship and raised in many different locations." This at least was interesting. Not all mothers would fly far while heavily pregnant. Most wanted their child born on their home planet, or at least a space station. But Rey knew better than to ask another question so soon. "Where did you get the droid?" "On Jakku. I found it." He nodded slowly. "Why do you want to find Luke Skywalker?" She asked. Kylo's eyes narrowed and his gaze left her. He seemed to look beyond her. "To eradicate him. All Jedi must be disposed of." "And what of me?" His eyes shifted, and to her surprise he answered. "You could be trained. But if not…" She suppressed a shiver. "Where is your family?" He suddenly asked. She blinked, confused at the personal question. "I don't know." She replied. He said nothing, as if waiting. "They…they left. They are gone. I don't know where, if they even are still alive." She swallowed another sip of water to avoid thinking. She wanted so badly to be in a family, in a home again. Almost all she could remember was loneliness. "Will you get me some pants?" He leaned back, complete surprise over his features that made her want to laugh. "You want pants?" "Is that your question? Because you didn't answer mine." He shook his head as if trying to dispel whatever emotion he had stumbled upon. "Yes, I'll order you some pants." His eyes slid to her with curiosity. "Do you dislike skirts?" She rolled her eyes. That definitely counted as his question. "They aren't practical, and I don't need to share anything of mine with anyone I don't want to." "Like your legs?" She grit her teeth."My turn to ask," she growled. Luckily, she knew how to change the subject. "Where is your family?" She asked. Displeased, Kylo hesitated. "I don't know either. My mother is surely on some base somewhere, and my father is probably still running around the outer rim, hiding among the filth of the galaxy." "But they're still alive?" This was even more interesting. Kylo ignored her second question. "Who else was with you when you saw the map?" What a stupid question. He knew she wouldn't answer. "How did you turn to the dark side?" She countered. Both stared. Finally, she asked a different question. "Is your father Luke Skywalker?" Kylo laughed bitterly. "No." She brushed her hair back behind her ears and leaned forward. "But your grandfather…He was Darth Vader. Then Leia is…?" Kylo did not reply, only stared at her. "Who are your parents?" He asked. Her head began to hurt and she grit her teeth into a frown. "I…I don't remember. It was…" She couldn't continue. Did she even have their faces in her mind? All she could remember were voices, and feelings. "Your family is still alive," she said. "What did they do that would make you abandon them this way?" He gazed past her at the dark, star studded view. "They held me back…They don't understand the legacy of my grandfather. They try to destroy it." His eyes refocused on her. "I would like to know who your parents are. Surely someone so force sensitive…" "What?" "Nothing. Who knew that a small pest from the outer rim would possess so much potential." Her brow furrowed and she turned her head away from him. "My parents weren't even from Jakku. I don't remember them much…only small flashes. I don't know them, but…I'm sure they would be parents I'd be proud of. That I am proud of." His features intensified as he gazed upon her. "They abandoned you, and you still love them?" Her eyes flashed and her head whipped around to stare at him. "They didn't abandon me!" "You don't know that. You don't even remember them." Her hands clutched the blanket. "They were coming back for me. And you abandoned yours to worship the mask of a dead man." He stood, chair clattering against the wall from his sudden stand. "You know nothing of him!" "And you know nothing of my parents!" She hissed. "Darth Vader returned to the light because of Luke, yet you refuse to acknowledge this!" Kylo's veins stood out in his temple and his gloved hand made a fist. "He built a legacy of power that I will inherit!" He yelled gutturally, his deep voice breaking. "Luke Skywalker used his power to influence his mind into abandoning it!" She sat up on her knees and pointed at him. "You will never be as powerful because Darth Vader, no, Anakin Skywalker , walked back to the path of the light! He didn't let himself be controlled by his anger!" Suddenly her throat seized and she grasped it, choking. Kylo's hand was reached out, but he dropped it after a second. She gasped for air and cried out as she was released, her head screaming with pain from the fright. She looked up at him through loose pieces of her hair, chest heaving as she regained her breath. "You're a monster," she said hoarsely. An odd expression came across his face, and he looked down at his hand. "I'm sorry," he replied, his voice strange. She reached out tentatively with the force, trying to understand the conflict that seemed to make up his every cell. She watched as his eyes traveled up to hers, then his hand reached out. She flinched, eyes closing, expecting to feel the force of his powers once again. But instead there was a simple touch on her cheek, and her eyes flew open, shocked at the warmth of his skin. "I wish you didn't exist," he said quietly. "All you do is complicate things." He moved away and left the room quickly, too quickly for her to fully comprehend what had happened. She let herself fall into a deep sleep soon after to relieve the pain she felt and to avoid thinking about him. Notes: Thanks for everything guys! Your comments and everything is awesome! For those who thought Hux and his little "experiment" was creepy, I tried to draw some disgusting inspiration from the Nazis since Lucasfilms drew elements of the Nazis for the Empire and the First Order. Creepy. Anyways, extra long chapter today for all the love you've shown me! Chapter 5 : Chapter 5 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Kylo He hated her, that was for sure. Kylo wished she was nothing, insignificant, something he could detest easily and without thought. He hated how he always caught himself watching her, as if she was entertaining. He felt caught like a moth in her trap. Was this what his grandfather had felt at the end of his life? Like the light was so bright that it could not be avoided and instead drew him in so he could burn? He wished he was strong enough to truly dive into the dark side and cut ties with all that was light. But instead he was always conflicted, in pain from the unavoidable thoughts and feelings. Oh, but how he tried. He hadn't understood, at first. He thought his strength and devotion were all that he needed to fully encase himself in the power of the dark side. But somehow, he could not improve. Finally, Snoke told him that it was his inability to detach himself enough from his emotions that made him unable to grasp the power of the dark side. Kylo's anger and hatred were what made him strong enough to kill every Jedi-to-be that Luke had so carefully trained, but it was not enough. He was not like his grandfather, who harnessed and controlled his despair into steel and strength. Kylo was never cold, he was hot, red hot. Angry, confused, depressed. Every time he lashed out it was another failure. His master told him that he would never improve until he learned control. So Kylo knew what he had to do: seek out and kill Luke Skywalker, and rid himself of every bond he had left of his old life. He would destroy the ties that bound him to the anger he felt against his former family and release himself into the sea of darkness that beckoned. No more pain, no more confusion. Just like his grandfather, he had to lose everything. But there she was, worming and clawing her way into his mind. It was her power that caught his attention at first, the possibilities she held unknowingly inside her. It was raw and striking. And a threat. Snoke encouraged him to retain her and bring her to the dark side, under their control. But once again, Kylo was not strong enough. He kept her too close, always watching and listening and waiting. Her resistance, her strength, her ability, it stunned him, fascinated him. She was what he could never be—as bright as the desert planet's sun. He craved her strength, but it was turning. Now he wanted more. Deep inside, he had thoughts of possessing her. Rey, in his arms. Her approval, her strength added to his. A raging fire that consumed him but dulled his senses into a strange peace. He had seen her smile, how her eyes lit up. She craved life, adventure, like his father. But she stood rigid and passionate for her cause, like Luke. And her wit—like his mother. She brought up thoughts that he had been almost successful in burying—thoughts of regret and loneliness. A dream of something different. Damn her. He quickly sent a droid to her in case she needed something. Hopefully she wouldn't be feisty enough to try and escape while she was gone. But that would be just like her to try and finagle a droid and escape his locked apartment while injured. Stupid. But he couldn't worry about that now. No, he needed answers, guidance. "Master," he began to the large figure before him. The room was empty except for him and Snoke this time, no Hux to see his embarrassment. "Master, I need your help. I'm losing control, even more so than before." "I heard about the girl's mishap. I am disappointed. Perhaps she is not as strong as I thought." Kylo looked up, shocked. Did Snoke not see what he did? Hadn't he foreseen her becoming even more powerful? "She is strong, and she learns fast. I…I pushed too hard." Snoke did not answer, instead only staring at his apprentice. Kylo felt his desperation rising. "I feel conflicted again. She is weakening me!" "No!" Snoke's shout was loud and echoed deeply. "You are attached to this girl. You have let yourself feel compassion for her, and therefore are making yourself weak." Biting his tongue, Kylo bowed his head. "Forgive me," he said. "She also still refuses to reveal the map." "Hmm…" Snoke tapped his fingers. "I think we may be able to use your…fixation. I foresee that she will return your little infatuation. You must build her trust and bring her to our side. Forget about the map; do not let our plans be clouded by your own feelings. Do not fail me, Ren." "Yes, master," Kylo echoed. A part of that had clawed at him. Return your little infatuation… He felt cold and stunned and then Hux's voice echoed in his head. "A pawn…" Snoke disappeared and left Kylo alone in the dark chamber feeling nothing but confusion. Snoke hadn't given him any solutions, only an order that made him feel even more unstable. There's was only one place left to go. "Grandfather." Kylo ripped off his mask as soon as he was alone. He sat down in the chair and put his head into his hands. His head ached and he wanted to scream. "I'm conflicted again. I don't know what to do, grandfather," he told the melted mask. It stared back without a sound. He tried to explain. "She draws me to the light even more than before. Master Snoke says I have become attached to her. I hate this feeling." Kylo grabbed his hair and shut his eyes. "I'm being torn apart. And master wants me to pursue a…relationship. With her. But…it may destroy me. How am I to devote myself to the dark side when she is maddeningly close to breaking my will?" Kylo wrestled with his emotions, seeking the calm he sometimes achieved during these moments, which he thought was evidence of his grandfather's presence. But it did not come. "Grandfather, please…Show me the way." His dark voice echoed within the walls of the room, but it was the only company he had. Kylo closed his eyes and tried to focus, but the voice of his mother kept intruding into his thoughts. Your grandfather met your grandmother when he was very young…assigned to protect her…a field of nothing but flowers…she named me Leia, your uncle, Luke. Silly, childish tales. Yet they had always stuck with him. Stories Leia had heard from Luke, who had learned them from spirits beyond the grave. Tales his mother had told him because he was so interested in Vader; tales of his grandfather, but ones that didn't particularly interest him at the time. He called her an angel…defied the Jedi law and married…wanted to save her, and let the dark powers coerce him… It wasn't until he was older that his mother told him the truth about how his grandmother died; it was not in childbirth, but after, from a broken heart and lack of will to live. Because his grandfather had lost control. He had hurt her in anger. Just like Kylo had. Just like Kylo would. His grandfather had risen to become the champion of the galaxy without her. But had it been because of her? He was confused, torn. Luke had preached a life of abstaining, of detachment, of solitude. The older he had gotten, the less time he had spent with his family, retreating instead into a life of what he described as the traditional Jedi way. Not like his grandfather lived, but was his affection his downfall or his strength? Kylo walked back to his apartments, unable to reach any kind of peace. The image of her, asleep and sprawled across his bed, did not help. He slept on the couch. Rey Rey awoke with a much clearer head. She wasn't dizzied by sitting up, so she slowly took herself to the refresher without incident. Afterwards, she brushed her hair and set it in her usual style, which was comforting and calming. However, once she had done that, there was nothing left to do but to go back to bed. She didn't have any other clothes than the night clothes she was wearing, and the long hem kept brushing her ankles and annoying her. He had not yet brought her pants. Kylo had not come in as far as she knew, and she wondered if he had already left for the day. She dared enough to walk out into the rest of the apartment in search of food. She had only taken a few steps in when she spotted him, asleep. But he must have sensed her, for his dark eyes flew open after she paused. "Rey," he said, sitting up. Her eyes swept over him quickly as the strange sound of his voice saying her name rang in her ears. "Clearly you're feeling better." She crossed her arms over her chest and her lips pressed together. "I told you I was fine." He didn't respond, just watched her in his strange way as he walked up to her. She never backed down, but her heart quickened as she was forced to look up at him when he came close. Something strange was in the air, and she felt like she was in danger. "Hungry?" he asked. Lost for words, she nodded. After a moment, he turned away to go and punch in the order to the control panel. She swallowed and retreated back into the bedroom. Uneasy, she went to the large glass wall and leaned against the bar, fingers tapping. The darkness of space was no view, but from here she could see the elegant aircrafts flying to and from the base, like shooting stars. "Get back in bed." Anger spiked in her at the sound of his gratingly deep voice. She let her eyes roll upwards in frustration as the lids slowly closed. "I'm perfectly capable of deciding what I can and can't do." "Get back in bed, or I'll drag you there." She whipped around, a little too fast for her head not to smart. But she ignored it. "You're repulsive. I'm not one of your slaves that you can order around." Her hands tightened into fists, but then her body froze in a way that was too familiar. Kylo, expression guarded, slowly strode over to her and raised an eyebrow cockily at her motionless stance before scooping her up and releasing his hold on her body. "Let me go!" She seethed, but he only pressed her close to him as he carried her back to the bed. Her cheek was pressed to the synthetic fabric of his shirt, which smelt of leather and dry grass. Her struggles were kept weak by his hold and her sense, for she knew her indignity wasn't worth risking worsening her injuries. The faster she was well again, the faster she could escape from this miserable place. Still, his touch was again surprisingly gentle and not repellent, which was unusual because an unfamiliar touch usually deterred her. She sat up in bed after he placed her there and gathered the blankets around her, wishing he wouldn't see her in such a vulnerable state. It felt weak. He stood by the edge of the bed. "Going to watch me again?" She asked, still angry, tossing her head angrily. "If it'll keep you there," he replied emotionlessly, clearly guarded. "If you have moved by the time I get back, I'll make you watch me eat your food." Her lips parted, a protest ready. But she closed them as he left, realizing that he was taking care of her. He could have had a droid do it. But it was him watching over her, bringing her food and forcing her to rest. She was still confused when he returned. "Why are you doing this?" She blurted out as he set the tray in front of her. His brow lifted, dark gaze inquisitive as he sat back into the chair by the bed. "Why are you acting like this?" she clarified. "Why aren't I strapped back in your little torture room? His face didn't change. "It's a room for storage." He hadn't answered the question. "Why are you being nice?" Kylo seemed to consider her question before asking his own. "Why do you care?" Rey licked her lips. Perhaps this was like their little game before. If she answered, maybe he would. "I wondered if perhaps you'd gone soft," she replied honestly. Had he perhaps developed a liking for her? Or sympathy? Guilt? His eyes bored into hers through the fringe of dark hair. "You think you've made me weak. Beguiled me." Rey's cheeks warmed. "I said no such thing. It's not weak to treat another person like a human being." He scoffed and she turned her attention to the meal before her. It looked better than anything she had seen before. She cast a curious glance up, hazel eyes wide and searching, but quickly looked back down. Another kindness? She began to eat in silence. He did not watch her, instead sat tapping his foot by the bed, gazing far off at a wall. How long would this go on? There was a strange tension in the room that she didn't understand. There was a pull at her that seemed to have come alive, but she hadn't even realized that it had laid dormant. She was almost finished with the most delicious food she had ever eaten, and she honestly hadn't been paying it the slightest notice. She had been too busy watching him. He got up, suddenly, and began pacing like a caged animal. "You asked me who my mother was. Are you also curious about my father?" She nodded, feeling cautious. He was closer now, and she saw no connection between this and what they had been talking about before she began eating. "Why do you wonder? Do you wonder how someone, descended from the powerful Skywalkers, could turn to the dark side?" She shook her head slowly. Her lack of verbal response seemed to upset him. "You ask me about…kindness." His voice twisted the word, made it sound ugly. "Have you forgotten what I did to you when you arrived here? Have you already forgiven me for the injury you are recovering from already?" Immediately she drew back into herself. But it was strange, she noted, that he would suddenly claim fault for her concussion. "No," she replied darkly, tensed as if she was about to move, to run. As if there was someplace to run to. "Yet still you think me capable of kindness?" She blinked and brushed her hair back behind her ear, for it was already coming loose from her buns. "I…I think so." This was dangerous territory. "I already told you." Had he forgotten their conversation after seeing those children? "Do you want that from me?" Kindness? Now she was uncomfortable. Did she? She supposed so…but...didn't anyone want that? Or did she desire it as proof of his buried light? Why was she so eager to pull it out of him and shove it in his face? "I…yes." His eyes bored into her and she felt her breath catch. "You hate me, yet you are curious." She found her voice. "I don't hate you." Her heart fluttered as he stared at her in silence, for way too long. He sat on the bed and leaned close to her, but his face was not intimidating this time. Still, she instinctively moved back into the pillow. Something in eyes was hungry. "I will answer your question if you let me." She glared. "Let you do what?" His gaze was intense and he was so close that she could count every birth mark on his face. An alarm went off in her mind as she realized that she wanted to touch him, skim her fingers over his cheek. "Don't be dense. You know what I am speaking of," he said, his tone urgent. Her expression was hard as stone as she tried to understand. But suddenly, his breath on her lips brought clarity. God, he couldn't be speaking of…She had never let anyone touch her like that. "I will not make any such bargain with you." "Reason with me, Rey." He somehow came closer. "…Just tell me, Kylo." A moment passed between them. "My mother is Luke's twin sister, Leia. My father, Han Solo." Her eyes widened, expression slacked. But then his lips were on hers and the information was forgotten. It was like she had been shocked with a jolt of a feeling she had never felt before. Waves of emotion flowed off of him that blinded her. What she felt touched her greatly—touched a sore, aching part of her that longed for someone to love her. Someone had loved her, once, and once one is loved they never forget it. She would have believed this a cruel joke, a ruse, a tactic if she didn't feel what she felt from him. Somehow she slipped into his mind, wading in his feelings. It was overwhelming because it was strong, but also because the emotion she felt from him was true. There wasn't anything false about it, no fault or motive to be seen. It was like warmth spreading through her, like glimpsing the sea of emotion she had heard for so long. It had been in his eyes, his touch, and even a few of his actions. And now she knew it to be true, she saw it, felt it. He cared for her, and to her own shock, she was not repulsed. No, she was almost…reciprocating. Lips kneaded hers, a cold hand held her cheek. Her eyes had closed at some time and all she knew was that his lips were warm and persistent. This was the first time Rey had been kissed, and it was the first time she had felt anything like this. And she did. She felt something. She pulled back with a startled gasp and shot her hands forward, propelling him back a few feet before he caught himself. Scrambling to her feet to escape such vulnerability, she swayed unsteadily. Rey looked sideways, lips stinging from the separation. Fear and anger rose in her as she realized what had happened, what she had let happen. What she had done. Kylo crashed the chair by the bed against the wall, causing Rey to look up. "Push me again like that and—" he admonished, but she quickly cut him off. "You touch me like that again and I'll rip your hands off!" She said, shaking. She felt it now, felt the small stretch of her prison. How could she forget herself? How could she forget that this man had captured her, imprisoned her, manipulated her, hurt her? Kylo was no man, he was a monster. His gaze was dark, eyes angry. "You don't get to give me orders." That was the wrong thing to say to her. Her heart beat fast and she wished for her staff with great ire. She had felled off many attacks before and had rarely been touched because of her excellent defense. She took that kind of stance now, shoulders hunched and eyes narrowed. "You are the lowest kind of scum," Rey snarled. How could she have thought he had anything other than selfish feelings? "You prey on others like a buzzard." For a moment, Kylo looked shocked, which unnerved Rey for a moment. He scoffed at her. "Get back in bed, you're ridiculous. If I wanted you, I'd have you." "You're disgusting. The Force was never meant to be used with such evil intent." His patience was thin from her insults. "You assume too much, desert rat," he snapped. "I don't need to use force to get what I want from a woman." "I'm not your toy!" Rey seethed. "You seek to manipulate me." "Do I?" He replied nastily. His eyes glittered with resentment. "There would be no other reason then?" She paused and looked up, her wide eyes searching his face. Despite what she had felt from him, there was no way he could have possibly kissed her because he genuinely wanted to. Like a normal person. "You have no care or concern for anyone." He laughed, bitterly. "Monsters have no feelings." His use of the phrase she had just thought of him as frightened her, but then he reached out his hand. "Come. Search my mind. See if what you believe is true." Her eyes narrowed. But she sensed this was no trick. She refused his hand but came closer. He looked straight at her, daring. She hesitated, and then focused hard on his mind, pushing in with full force. It was darkness. She thought it'd be familiar, but it really wasn't. It was flashes of sound and smell and pictures and strong, strong emotions. And there was the feeling of being watched. Rey felt like she was drowning. Focus, she had to focus. She concentrated hard on her own memory of earlier, and within a few moments she saw Kylo's recollection of it. She saw her own face, watching him with apprehension as he leaned in. She felt what he had felt, which was excitement, fear…and a strange feeling of tenderness. Longing. It built and built, overwhelmingly, until Rey shoved herself out of his mind. "Enough," she said. She turned away from him, heart in her throat. "Convincing?" Kylo asked. Rey didn't answer. She bit her lip and tried to kill the rising feeling inside. For the first time since she had gotten here, she felt like she was really losing it. She felt tears threatening to spill. "Leave me alone," she told him. He didn't move. A tear rolled down her cheek. "Please," she asked. "For once, be decent." When he didn't answer, she turned and looked at him as another tear slid down her cheek. Kylo He hadn't ever seen her cry. Not even when she was in pain or when he taunted her. Was she upset by what she had seen? He hated having her there, in his head. He had hated it the first time, and he hated it even more the second time. It made him feel powerless and weak. He knew he disgusted her, why let her explore the darkest recesses of his mind? He wished that he could reach back into her mind and understand her. Her face was often an open book, but she rarely voiced her feelings unless provoked. So he watched her, always. Silent, he stared at the tear that slipped down her cheek and wondered why. Maddening. Turning away from her, he cast a backwards glance. He felt a turmoil of emotions, some his, some hers. Like he could hear them. She was in pain, like he was. How did he tell her? "You're not the only one suffering," he said, voice harsh. "You are infuriating; how am I supposed to know what you're feeling? If I disgust you, say so. I have no desire to…have anything to do with someone who thinks so little of me." Her lips were parted, eyes slightly wide as he ranted. But then her entire face crumpled and she buried her head in her hands. "I don't know, alright? This is…simply crazy." She shook her head. "I loathed you. I might still. All you do is terrorize and hurt. I can barely believe you have any care for anyone else." Rejection. He had tried, goddamn it, and now he was filled to bursting with darkness. His eyes narrowed and focused on her. "And you do? You're reckless. Uncultured. Who has ever loved you? You were abandoned on a wasteland to die, yet you criticize me." The wave of her anger came over him, her eyes narrowed and fierce. "I have never murdered anyone for power! You know nothing of my family, how-how dare you!" She yelled, coming closer. She was not scared of him. "You are a heartless barve, and I could never forgive you, never less care about you after what you've done to me, to anyone." A sharp inhale burned his lungs like fire. He shook with emotion, all his efforts restraining him from striking out. But the words slipped out of him. "Unlovable vermin." She slapped him, hard. He didn't stop her. He stared at her for a moment, something shattering within him, then turned and left. Rey Relieved that he was gone, she cried. Not for very long, but hard enough to wrack her lithe body with sobs. She feared he'd return and see her pathetic scene, so after a while she forced it to the back of her mind and got up to sanisteam. Sanisteaming was a luxury, so much water was impressive. She would have cherished it on Jakku, when she returned every day from her scavenge soaked in sweat and crusted in dust and sand. Now she sat in an endless stream of water for a long time, imagining it as rain. She had heard of rain from the Wookies who described thick, lush forests plagued by constant waterfall. It was a fantasy she often went to, but it was difficult to imagine. She imagined most zipping through the rain on a speeder, water whipping in her face with the wind. Freedom. She sank into these daydreams to comfort herself, as she had many times before. She felt better afterward and was toweling off her hair when she reentered the bedroom and almost peed herself when she spied Kylo sitting on the bed. He was absolutely still, and her heart pounded. "What are you doing?" She asked. He ignored her and did not respond, not meeting her eyes. "I…apologize," he finally voiced. She waited, processing. Clutching her towel to her, she suddenly noticed the fresh clothes next to him, a pair of pants on top. "For what?" she replied bitterly, swallowing hard as she stared at those stupid cream pants. "For what I said." She stood awkwardly in the doorway, wanting to retreat. "…Fine." He stood rapidly and caught her eyes. "Tell me one thing." She swallowed. "What?" He took a step forward. "Is it impossible?" Were they impossible? God. Why did he have to ask her? She didn't know, and honestly, she didn't want to know! She hated what she felt and wanted to bury it deep inside, just as she buried the fact that her family was gone. Yet his expression, his eyes gave off a vulnerability she had so rarely seen from him. And it somehow caused an ache in her. Her head fell and her eyes closed. Her tongue felt incredibly heavy and her heart pounded. But still the words came out. "No." Something eased in his face, while something tightened within her. It was a betrayal. It was inevitably doomed. Yet it was not impossible. "Rey," Kylo said, coming nearer so that she had to look up at him. His voice was deep and detached, but she saw and felt his true feelings. "Tell me what I need to do." She shook her head. "This is so foolish." "Tell me." "I don't know, Kylo." His eyes were piercing. "I don't…want you to be…unhappy." "Then let me go." He sighed and reached out to stroke back a piece of her hair, but she leaned away. Realizing what she had automatically done, her cheeks flushed lightly. "I-" "I understand," he said and turned away. The thought of him bringing her those pants was stuck in her mind. And how he had looked at her when she woke after the injury. The way he had held her so gently when she had been sick in the 'fresher. She gritted her teeth then took a step forward, stopping his turn. After a moment of avoiding his eyes, she leaned against him, head resting on his chest. He hesitated, then carefully laid a hand on her back. "Why is it you?" She whispered. How could it be him who made her feel this way? Out of anyone, why this cruel, cold man? He didn't answer, but a small sigh echoed in his chest. For a long moment, they stood like that, connected. A surrender. Notes: Hey loves, thanks for all the kudos and everything! You guys are the best. Sorry this is a bit late, my laptop has broken :( Leave me comments, they fuel my soul! Chapter 6 : Chapter 6 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Rey They didn't speak much that night. One could even say they avoided each other. Rey tinkered with the cleaning droid's navigation system, and Kylo fiddled around with his datapad of messages and reports. They even ate dinner in silence. At the table. It was strange, the feeling in the apartment. "You can have the bed, you know. I'm fine with sleeping on the couch," she told him. She'd slept on much worse. He gave her a dirty look, as if she had insulted him. "I know. It's my bed," he said. She scowled. "But I prefer you sleep there." Maybe Leia had hammered some kind of silly, distant chivalry into him. She merely shrugged and then retreated to the room, no good night. She lay in bed a long time, going over and over the events of the day in her head. She wondered what Kylo was thinking. The next morning she awoke to the loud, grating sound of metal on metal. She discovered it was coming from the wall of the bedroom. Maybe they were doing maintenance? It was annoying, and Kylo was nowhere to be found. She was so bored and restless. Her days had always been filled with work. Now all she did was lay around and have intense, stupid conversations with her moody captor. The sound stopped a little after midday. Kylo strode in about an hour after. "Stay in the living room," he instructed. She frowned at him and he gave her a strange smile. One with only a small amount of conceit. Suspicious, she still did as asked. The sound resumed and she walked around aimlessly, trailing her fingers along the black and grey furniture. What the brix were they doing in there? The sound was much louder. She heard Kylo's deep voice and the higher pitched mechanical sound of a droid. All this noise was giving her a headache, so she leaned back on the couch and closed her eyes. After a while the noise ceased again. A few minutes passed before she felt cool fingers on her cheek. That smile again. She stared back, perfectly serious. He cocked his head. "I have something to show you." She followed him back into the bedroom and was surprised to find a narrow hallway interjecting the wall. It led to a door, which Kylo opened without a passcode. Inside was a workshop filled with small shiny tools and a few tables. Shelves held various parts and machines. Nothing from a speeder, but a few droids and engines. A small cot sat in the corner, and a large window looked out at the dark, star studded sky. She looked back, with shock clearly written all over her face. Kylo's face was serious. "Do you like it?" A workshop, for her. She was overwhelmed. Excitement, gratitude, affection, and a slow, creeping sense of fear. Did Kylo see her here indefinitely? Surely, surely he wouldn't keep her captive if they…well, if they were something. But she pushed it away. This was a kind thing, and he was true to his word. He had actually wanted to make her happy. "Yes. It's incredible," she replied, a small smile growing on her lips. She was torn, wanting to display her affection but disgusted at herself for wanting that. But she surrendered once more and went to him to awkwardly lean against him once more, her hand sliding around him. He reciprocated, and she felt his lips on her hair. She suppressed a shiver. "Good," he murmured. She leaned away and looked at him and was struck by the look in his eyes. Adoration, but a little tortured. Her mouth was dry and her chest swelled. They gazed at each other for a moment, and then before she realized it she reached up to guide him down to kiss her. They kissed him lightly, cautiously, but soon enough his hands pressed into her back. His lips were eager and she was swept away, completely overwhelmed again by the rise of emotion from him. Or was it hers? But she didn't let it last long, and his disappointment showed. "I'm going to work some now," she told him. She expected him to go, but he went to the small bed and sat down. "May I watch?" He asked. She glanced at him doubtfully but nodded before turning away. She didn't want him to see her flushing cheeks. Kylo She was always apprehensive. Her joy had been genuine at his gift, but with him she was hesitant. She didn't trust him very much. And she didn't seem like she was sure of this. He suspected she felt guilty. Still, Kylo wanted more. He knew he shouldn't push, and he knew his gift extravagant. But the power he had was large, and he wished to show it to her in a positive way. He had major control in the First Order and strived to impress her. He'd win her over, and she'd never want to leave. He liked watching her work. She always had a small furrow in her brow from concentration, but a small smile played on her lips as well. He wanted to kiss them. They ate together in silence again until he asked her about her previous mechanical work on Jakku. He was only semi-interested, but the way she lit up was almost enchanting. She made it interesting. Still, she was incredibly guarded. If he touched her unexpectedly, she jumped or swung back automatically in defense. He rarely was able to instigate anything, everything had to be her choice. She seemed embarrassed and conflicted every time he tried to touch her. He wanted her, and he could feel the draw she felt towards him, but she was stubbornly trying not to act on it. But gradually…it seemed like she was wearing down. "Don't you have any flight simulators?" She asked him one evening while they both sat in the sitting area, he on the couch and she on a large chair. He glanced up from the reports he was reading and scoffed. "Only for first order ships. Looking for a wild ride?" She frowned and crossed her arms before coming over to sit on the other end of the couch he was in. "I used to do them all the time on Jakku." She leaned down to scratch her leg, and Kylo caught a glimpse of a few stray brown curls brushing the pale skin of her neck. Something stirred within him. "I won't give you a better opportunity to steal one of our fighters." She smiled cockily. "I could fly it regardless." He shook his head, but felt his lips tug up. Ridiculous girl. She shifted and edged closer to him, immediately catching his full attention. "Are you afraid?" She asked, her eyes boring into his. "No." "Then why can't I?" Gods, she leaned in closer. Her skin brushed his. "Because I said so." She glared at him, but he was too focused on the warmth of her skin "That's not a real reason." He could just lean down and kiss her, right here, right now. Pull her onto his lap and just press her close. A long moment went by before he realized he hadn't answered. "…Fine." Her wide smile beamed at him and his breath caught in his throat. She had no idea the thoughts he had, nor how absolutely…beautiful...she was. "Tomorrow?" "Tomorrow." She turned her head and rested it on his arm. Trying to hold back his impulsivity, he took his arm away only to slide it around her. She jumped a little when his fingers touched her arm, but stayed where she was. After a moment, she relaxed onto his shoulder. The closer he got to her, the more intoxicated he was. The draw was stronger, harder to resist. Like falling. Her head on his shoulder, his arm around her. They were small rewards. But somehow they were so worthwhile. It was exciting, the small shifts. The way conversation got easier, the goodnight she told him before retreating to his room. It was excruciating and maddening to wait for her to let him touch her, show her what he felt. He never had the words for it. He didn't know what else to do but to pursue her. Once when she shirked from his grasp, he had grabbed her wrist lightly, forcing her to look at him. "Why won't you let me touch you?" He asked, frustrated. All the softness in her face hardened. "I do." She snapped her arm back, trying to get rid of him. "Let me go." "Do I repulse you?" He asked demandingly. Anger encompassed her features. "Stop it. I'm not a piece of meat for you to fondle," she snapped. "Let me go or I'll make you." "I know you feel it too." Her nails dug into his arm. "I don't like to be touched all the time," she growled, her stare intense. "Why?" He asked, shaking his head. What was wrong with her? "Because I never have been!" He stared, then dropped her arm. Suddenly he understood. Of course she hadn't, unless it was for someone to try and hurt her or take her. His pursuit may have even scared her. "I'm sorry," he said suddenly, but her face didn't change. He was struggling, struggling to find the right words and the ability to say them. "I wouldn't…" He couldn't do it. "I didn't mean to…I don't know how else to..." She stared back at him, face hard and impassive. He felt her conflict, her anger and apprehension. He decided to try again. "I won't push you again," he finally managed, feeling the tips of his ears grow warm with heat. Luckily, they were hidden by his hair. He was wrong, always wrong. Never in control. She looked up at him, searching his eyes. Finally she sighed and grabbed his hand. She wound it around her waist and leaned against him. He closed his eyes and exhaled deeply, relieved. But after his relief came a wave of frustration. Why did she make him feel this why? Why was he so weak? Why did he care so much? She moved and pressed her eyes into his arm, as if hiding. A new surge of tenderness overtook his self-hatred, washing it away. "I don't want to hurt you," he told her. She shrugged and moved away, pulling back. "Doesn't mean you won't," she replied. Rey Kylo felt strange when he returned that evening. Rey suspected he was up to something. Sometimes, he'd return with a different attitude after he visited Darth Vader's helmet, but this didn't feel like that. Although she hated to admit it, she was always glad when he returned and she knew he felt it. She missed the company since she was stuck in the same place, day after day. She had been fine living alone on Jakku, but when BB-8 joined her it was unexpectedly nice. She missed that little droid. The sweet beeps and precociousness, the curiosity of the little BB unit. It almost felt like having a pet. Or a friend. BB-8 had always been so loyal and lovable. Caring about him felt safe. Droids like BB-8 never hurt you like people did. None of this she voiced to Kylo. She knew he'd ask more, wanting info about the map. Luckily he didn't realize that BB-8 only had a portion of the map. But still, she felt lonely. She'd been around people too long. She dreaded sleeping alone again. Kylo was restless that day, playing around with various parts she had lying out. It was annoying and distracting. "What do you want?" She finally said. He put down the part as one of his strange little smiles played on his lips. "We are leaving here. For a base." She stared for a moment, but then went back to the wires she was fixing. "How exciting, another apartment." He growled, "A place where you can go outside, like you wanted." Her eyes met his as his fingers tapped impatiently. "Aren't you afraid I'll run away?" She taunted. He shook his head slowly. "I'll be with you, so don't expect that chance. I'll only be away when I meet with the Knights of Ren." A frown and troubled look flitted across her face, but she decided she'd ask her question later. Slowly, she asked, "You're not lying?" He shook his head. A smile broke out. He smiled in return and moved around the table. He leaned down and kissed her, and she was so happy that she reached up and wound her arms around his neck. Still, she felt a small stab. How could she be so happy because he granted her a small sliver of freedom? Had her will really been so diminished? Still, she knew that in his head it was a gift, and she wasn't about to look this horse in the mouth. Perhaps she could convince him to set her free on their little trip. Kylo It was lucky that they left the next day, because Kylo didn't think he could answer any more questions. What was it like there? Had he been there before? Would she meet the knights? Where could they go? Did he decide or did someone else? Would General Hux accompany them? It was charming at first, but quickly wore on his patience. Still, he was glad she was excited, even if she didn't say so. The trip wasn't long; it wasn't like they were going to the outer rim. The planet was a lush one that he knew she'd enjoy, and even better, it was heavily paroled by the First Order. Rey'd have a hard time escaping there. She grew more and more fidgety the closer they approached their destination. Because Kylo didn't pilot the small ship, he sat with Rey and watched her with amusement. "I could have piloted us," She said, shifting in her seat. Kylo scoffed, the sound coming out mechanical from his helmet. "And have us end up on Akiva? No." She focused her wide eyes on him for a moment. "I'd like to see the cockpit. I've never been in this kind of ship." Kylo wavered, suspecting a plot. But he knew she was probably genuinely curious. "Fine. No touching anything." Her smile was a nice reward. In the cockpit, she walked around in wonder. She was obviously dying to touch and explore, but Kylo kept a close eye on her. The trooper pilot mostly ignored her. After a while she gazed out at the as the planet neared, it's color a blurred blue-green. A small sigh escaped her lips as if in awe. "Preparing to land sir," the pilot said. "Good," he replied before gesturing to Rey. "Let's go strap in." As they began their descent, Rey let Kylo hold her hand. They landed smoothly, and as they left the ship Rey looked around, almost completely disregarding Kylo. The trees were green and heavy, and parted for a large lake that reflected the blue sky. The colors were almost too saturated, but luckily his view from the helmet did not force its entirety on him. The trees scattered to make way for a large green and yellow field to their left, the grasses clean and glossy in the sun. "What planet is this?" She asked faintly as he came up to stand near her. Her hazel eyes seemed bigger in her wonder. "Naboo," he replied. It was his grandmother's planet, and the one his grandparents married on. She smiled and finally looked up at him. "It's beautiful. Almost like Takodana." Her smile was wide and her face so different in her happiness. Almost like it held a child's innocent joy. A swift memory of that planet and his taking of Rey flashed in his mind. His lips curled up as he recalled his first impression of her. "Come on," he said, voice deep. She lingered a moment in the sunshine, then followed him towards the large base. Rey The apartment they were in was larger than the others. By request, they got one with an extra room for Rey's workroom. It was lovely, and the difference between his quarters and this room were stark. The furniture was not all metal, some crafted from deep ebony wood, which Rey marveled at. Furniture like that had been almost nonexistent on Jakku, which had no natural source of wood. But as she ran her hand over the natural silkiness of the polished wood, she felt her memory flicker, like she had done it before. She could have tried to grab on to the memory and hold on to it, but Rey knew better. All she had were small, tiny scraps of herself from before. If she fought too hard to remember it was harder to recall again. The darkest color in the room was a dove grey, and there were touches of green and blue in the furnishing. The bed was large and had large posts sticking up from each corner for some reason that she couldn't fathom. The bed cover was grey, but underneath the sheets were a dark green and smoother than any fabric she had ever felt. Although this place was luxurious to her, she didn't revel in it. It was all so unfamiliar that she felt like it was someone else's room. The best part was the large windows overlooking a lake so calm it looked like glass, and even better—a balcony. A place where she could step outside and feel the sun and the wind. She noted how their place was very high off the ground, but if he thought that could stop her from shimming down from the balcony, he'd thought wrong. Yet as she considered all the ways she could escape, she didn't feel the same as before. Of course, she wanted to, but somehow she felt…content. The thought of this made her stomach turn as she reminded herself that she was a prisoner of the First Order. Still, the view was beautiful. Dark patches of green trees huddled together until they spread out into a patch of forest from the lake, which was a dark, brown blue. Long, grasses, dotted with tiny yellow flowers, waved in the gentle, warm wind. In the far distance, purple and grey buildings blended into the blue sky. A city. As she marveled at the view, Kylo came behind her and put his hands on her waist. She jumped at his touch, then shied away. He watched her silently, clearly resisting his irritation. "It's beautiful," she said awkwardly. Lips softening and curling up hinted that he had wanted her approval. "I'm glad you like it," he replied. "This is one of my favorite planets." "Really?" Gods, why did every bit of information from him feel like a gift? Why did it enthuse her? "Have you spent a lot of time here?" He nodded, eyes on the view. She let her fingers drift over to his arm, brushing against the dark fabric. "You don't match this place," she noted, a bit slyly. It would be interesting to see him in something other than black. He saw her contriving and replied, "Don't hold your breath." She had never asked why he wore so much black, because she suspected that she already knew the answer. It was probably the same reason why he didn't ask about the scars on her body—and she was grateful. So she instead slid her fingers under his on the balcony edge and did not pull away when he lifted their joined hands to kiss her fingers. Kylo That night sRey didn't fall asleep right away like she usually did, instead she laid facing him. Letting him stroke her hair, her eyes were startlingly intense as she stared back at him. "What do you do when you aren't here, in the apartment?" She asked. This surprised him. He usually got the sense that she tried not to think about what he did. Cocking an eyebrow at her, he replied, "I supervise plans, deal with personnel. Train." "Interrogate?" It would have been a low blow if it wasn't true. "Yes." Silence. "Killed anyone?" His fingers paused. "Not lately." "Why?" This time he was the one hesitating. "I haven't had those orders. And I'm not as angry as I was." She sat up and his hand fell away. Her hair was down, and in the moonlight that reflected off the lake her eyes glimmered. "Do you enjoy killing?" He sat up as well. "Why are you asking me this?" Her expression grew sharper. "Because it's wrong. Because someone who slaughters others is…" She didn't finish. "What?" "Just answer the question." He refused, staying quiet. "Tell me the truth, Kylo." Her voice was raw. "Yes." He heard her take a breath and he waited for her to pull away. "You said ordered…your job is to kill people?" He ran a hand through his hair. "It's more than that." "Who?" Her voice was small. His throat was thick, but he knew she wanted an answer. "I…seek out those who are force-sensitive." A sharp inhale made his stomach turn. "Like me?" He didn't answer. "You knew I killed," he said, a weak defense. But she didn't reply, only moving as if to get away. He sat up, rejection thudding in his temples and quickening his heart. "Rey—" "Don't," she interrupted. "Give me some space." She left and went into her workroom, the door closing with a quiet click. Instantly Kylo felt the same desperation he had so many times, building inside into rage. He knew it would only make things worse, but just as always, he couldn't control himself. He grabbed the lamp beside the bed and threw it against the wall, happy to hear it shatter into pieces. His heart felt small and mean. He laid down and tried again to control himself, barely succeeding. About an hour later Rey returned. She looked at where the lamp pieces were scattered across the floor. "You're such a child," she said emotionlessly. He stood up. "Will you let me explain?" "Don't you dare try and rationalize massacre to me," she snapped, and he recoiled a bit inwardly at her anger. "I have a hard time controlling myself," he said anyways. "It makes me feel powerful." In the darkness her arms tightened around herself. "You're disgusting. You've killed children, women, men, just for being force-sensitive?" He grabbed his hair and groaned. "How do I make you understand?" She flung her arms out, exasperated. "You can't!" "It's orders. And things are different now," he argued, head snapping up. "With you here I don't feel the need. I have better control in those situations." She barked a laugh. "Congratulations on not killing anyone recently, Kylo. What an achievement. I'm sure that makes your master very proud." "You know nothing about this." "Then tell me." "I can't." Her voice dropped, quiet and low. "You don't trust me." They stared at each other. "You don't trust me," he replied. "Which is why this is crazy," she said quietly, and he could have sworn his heart stopped. But he didn't know how to convince her otherwise. "It could have been me," she said quietly, and his heart dropped. She was right. "Yes," he admitted. He heard the tears in her voice. "You were on Jakku, weren't you? You murdered that village to the east." He swallowed hard. "Yes." "If I had known, if I had been able to use the Force…you would have found me," she paused. "Killed me." How he wanted to comfort her, but he had no words that could. "I'm sorry." She shook her head. "It's not enough." Rey They slept apart, and didn't say anything to each other before Kylo left the next morning. Rey, alone again, began to feel as she did before. This was practically the same as it had been on the ship. After an hour though, she heard a small click. But the sound of Kylo's boots was absent. Curious but cautious, she walked from her workshop down into the bedroom, where a small blue and green droid was making the bed. It rolled on two wheels, had a smooth cylindrical body, and a swiveling head. Seeing her, it beeped politely and then went on with its task. But Rey was relieved and eager to converse. "Hello," she said. "Did you come through the door?" It beeped back at her, but continued its task as if it didn't expect an answer. "Through the small door." Rey suddenly realized that the small panel near the floor was a door. "Oh! I didn't realize that was there." A flash of the little droid she had interacted with before flashed before her mind, and her excitement dropped. Kylo the monster had destroyed it. It paused. "Do you understand binary?" She knelt down next to it. "Yes, I have for a long time. I suppose you don't come across many humans that do." "No, I don't. How interesting." "What's your name?" "CT-21. What is yours?" "Rey." "Are you living here now? I have not seen you before." Rey frowned. "I don't know. Maybe. I'm not really the one who decides." "Oh my." CT-21 swiveled her head. "Are you a prisoner?" Rey looked away. "Kind of. It's a long story." CT made a low sound of sympathy. Rey smiled. "You remind me of another droid I know, BB-8." "A BB unit? We are very different. I have never been on a ship, except to come here." "No, I mean to talk to. BB-8 was my friend." CT's head tilted, as if she didn't understand. Rey sighed. "I guess, living here, you've never had a human friend." CT shook her head and rolled back on her wheels. Rey tucked her knees to her chest and wrapped her arms around them. "Will you be in trouble if you stay and talk to me?" "No. I deactivate after this line of rooms, and there are no other visitors today." "Then will you tell me about your days here? I want to know what it's like to be a droid." That's how Kylo found her an hour later, tucked beside the bleeping droid, who's story ended abruptly when he entered. "Rey? What are you doing?" "Oh dear! Kylo Ren! I must go, I apologize." CT sped out of the room, the little door whipping open when it detected her sensor chip. Rey glared at him. "She's afraid of you." Kylo's look of confusion irritated her. "Will you destroy her like you did the other?" His face wiped clear and he frowned. "No. Were you talking to it?" Rey stood. "It's a her. She has a name. And she is the first conversation I've had in a long time that wasn't with you." Kylo shook his head in disbelief. "What could a droid say that could possibly interest you?" Rey's eyes snapped in the light. "More than you know. Haven't you ever imagined you were a droid? They have opinions and personalities just like we do." Kylo gazed at Rey for a long moment. "No, I haven't." She shrugged and made to leave the room to go to her workshop. "Wait. Wouldn't you like to go for a walk?" She cocked an eyebrow. "Outside?" "Yes." He ran a hand through his hair, and she was somehow reminded of a nervous teenage boy asking a girl to go for a drink. It amused her. "Fine." Rey's thoughts cleared as soon as they stepped outside. The air was heavier than Rey ever had felt, and somehow fragrant. She was caught again by the green that she saw, just like before. There were more trees than she ever imagined, yet it was so familiar, just like in her dreams. The grass and leaves shone like they had been washed clean by the morning dew. Kylo let her go ahead of him, and she touched the smooth, vibrant leaves as he directed her towards a path. It was all so perfect and ethereal, if not for the sound of Kylo's breathing through his mask. "Could you take that off?" She asked. After a moment of his glassy stare, he removed his mask and tucked it under his arm. His dark hair fell out around his head. For a moment her heartrate increased and she only focused on him. But her eye caught the shine of his helmet, and she turned away. They walked side by side down a worn path that became less so as they went deeper into the forest. Rey made him stop so she could run her hands through a stream, letting little fishes nibble on her fingers. She heard but didn't see many birds, but the ones she saw were small and dainty, not like the large buzzards on Jakku. Kylo said little, just watched her as always. But his eyes were calm and his movements careful. She could have trekked for hours, but Kylo made her stop after a while. "We shouldn't get lost." When she made a face, a faint smile appeared on his face. "There's the walk back as well." She stuck her chin out and frowned. "Let's stay here for a while." "Fine." They sat on a few rocks, and she laid back, watching the small patches of sky appear and disappear through the leaves. "Rey." She rolled her head over to look at him, but he wasn't looking at her. "I'm fearful of inadequacy. Just as you told me. I want to be powerful. I want to carry my grandfather's legacy and surpass it. But I have no control. I am drawn to the dark side, but I can't control myself to hone my power." His eyes closed. "My emotions rule me. I only enjoy the kills because it makes me feel as powerful as I want to be. As powerful as I would be if I could master my emotions like my grandfather. Even like Luke." She didn't know what to say. She felt even more conflicted than before. His words revealed the darkness within him, but it didn't repulse her like it should have. "I'd like to say I wouldn't have killed you. But I know that I…I would have. And I have killed many others. But…" he seemed at a loss. "It is the way to peace throughout the galaxy. It is the Jedi who rose to take over in the first place." He seemed to be ready to argue with her, but she wouldn't do that again. As much as she liked the passionate, caring man she so often saw, she knew that his mind was twisted. She had seen it, she had felt it. She suspected he was being manipulated, but it ran too deep for her to do anything about it. She couldn't change that or make him see any differently. "You weren't born like this," she said. But he shook his head. "I've always been torn apart like this." "You're drawn to the light." Silence. "You are torn between them?" He still didn't reply. "You can't immerse yourself in one. That's why you can't control your emotions." There's good in him. "No." His face was severe. "I have too many attachments. Like Vader, once they are gone, I will have no need for the feelings that control me." "Then why have you been less angry? Why did you say that?" She sat up and looked closer at him. "You'd just kill your family? Anyone you cared about? For power?" "You're…an exception." She shook her head. "Rey," he said. "I need you." She nodded. He did. He was torn, and there was still hope for him. He thought that these extreme displays of cruelty drew him closer to the dark side, but it only made him more conflicted. She couldn't change him, but she could help him. She could help him see the light. And she could feel the way she felt without hating herself for it. "Not for the reason you think," she replied. She turned her clear, hazel eyes to meet his dark ones. "There's good in you, Kylo. I know it." She expected him to scoff or become angry, but he didn't. He didn't say a word. Kylo She hadn't run away. She thought she could bring him to the light, but she didn't understand. Still, it gave him the chance to keep her, and to fulfill his master's order. Rey stood and looked down on him until he stood with her. When he leaned down to kiss her, she didn't shy away. Adrenaline rushed through his body, following the chill of relief. She let him pull her close and their kiss deepened. Her hands cupped his cheeks, traced his jaw. Only when they parted for breath did his thoughts return. They stayed close, eyes locked until she placed her head on his shoulder and sighed. For a moment, he wrapped his arms around her and kept her as close as he could. She was so much smaller than he thought. She was always a statue of strength and defiance, but in his arms she was his and protected. If she knew what he was thinking, she'd hate it. He knew she was more than able to protect herself. But he could fantasize all he wanted. Rey Days passed with ease. Kylo was never away for long and when he was, Rey chatted with CT-21. Kylo took her wherever she felt like, and one day while they were strolling by the lake she remarked that she had never swam before. "Never?" He asked. When she nodded, a mischievous smile appeared. He had her dress in a cream top that had no straps and flowed down to her stomach. Black shorts as well, but she wore this outfit under her clothes, not wanting anyone to see her dressed so. Kylo seemed to approve of this, which she bristled at. She didn't like how possessive he was. He led her to a secluded, shallow area of the lakeside and stripped off his cloak. When she stood there, awkward and wary, he gestured to her. "We're going swimming." After he removed his shirt and she her outward layers, they waded in. It wasn't too cold, but she shivered at the foreign feeling of being surrounded by water. Still, it was like nothing she had ever experienced before. "It's terrific. It's marvelous," she told him. He took her hand to lead her in deeper but she tugged it away. "I can do it. I saw a rat do it once in a pail." Grinning at his expression, she pushed herself forward and began to paddle and kick just as she had seen. Swimming up to her with ease, he remarked, "You're a natural. Are you sure you didn't practice in the sand?" She smiled and tried to practice floating on her back. "I'm sure. But I imagined it millions of times." His hands appeared to help lift her up onto her back. She stared at the turquoise sky. "I thought it'd feel like sinking in the sand, like I was heavy. But it's not. It's like I'm lighter. That's why we can float, right?" He removed his hands and smiled at her. "I suppose." She turned her head and let herself bob back up to vertical. She swam towards him but passed him by, and before he could turn around she had latched himself to his back. He laughed, a rare sound, and she pressed a kiss to his shoulder. His long, strong arms pulled them further into the water and she began to hum. "What is that?" He asked. "A song I know from somewhere. I've known it since I was little. I used to sing it to my doll." "Your doll?" "I made it. From a flight suit." Kylo didn't reply, so Rey rested her head on him, remembering. She wished she still had it. Surely it was sitting back in her pod, waiting for her. The only thing that ever did on Jakku. "I had a Mooka when I was small," Kylo remarked. Rey cocked her head, not understanding. "They are small, furry. Large ears and clawed feet. From Yavin." "A pet?" He nodded. "It slept on my bed. But it was killed shortly after I was sent away to train. My parents didn't watch him." "I'm sorry." She clutched him a little closer. He didn't reply for a while and swam in silence for a while. "Let's go underwater," Kylo suddenly said. Rey slid off his back and reached for the mud with her toes. "Water will go up my nose." He smiled at her ignorance. "Stop breathing and open your eyes only after you're underwater." She took a deep breath and nodded. Grabbing his hand, she ducked underwater. He was right, she didn't choke on the water. Once she was sure she was under, she opened her eyes and almost laughed. Kylo was just across from her, staring right back. She tried looking around, but the water blurred into green after a few meters. She glanced back at Kylo, and a smile broke out across her face. She was completely surrounded by water! He smiled too, his dark hair floating around his face like a dark halo. She pushed herself forward and latched onto him, and he brought them both up, gasping. "That was insane!" She gasped, completely thrilled. Kylo pushed his wet hair back and laughed before leaning down to kiss her. After they parted she began to say something, but was interrupted. "Wait," Kylo said, his face turning serious. She let go of him and saw the concentration on his face. "We have to go back now," he said, eyes absent of emotion. "I'm needed." Rey nodded but still watched him carefully. So quickly did he turn right back to the darkness. After putting the rest of their clothes back on, Kylo shoved his helmet back on over his wet hair and led them back to the base. He didn't say goodbye, only dropped her off at the apartment, completely focused on whatever he sensed. When she arrived CT-21 was gathering dirt from the corner. She beeped happily when Rey entered, but tilted her head searchingly to see if Kylo was with her. CT never stayed if Kylo was there. "You're wet," she noted. Rey smiled half-heartedly. "I went swimming." CT made an alarmed sound. "How terrible!" Rey laughed at that and went to the closet to change. "Maybe for you. I don't have compartments for water to get stuck in." CT sped over to Rey to dust the inside of the closet. "I wouldn't like it. Were you alone?" Rey turned away and pulled on a new shirt. "I'm never alone." CT beeped sympathetically. "But what about here?" Rey shook her head. "I can't leave this room alone. The door locks." The droid made a meaningless sound of understand, but said nothing else. Rey knelt down and rubbed a spot off CT's top. "Would you tell me something?" CT turned her glass eyes to the woman. "What thing?" "Why are you so afraid of Kylo?" CT backed up and her noises were low. "Don't bother yourself with the qualms of droids." "Tell me." A pause, but then CT replied, "He has been here many times. We all have heard tales of his anger. He has destroyed more than a few droids. I fear for myself, and for you. Are you safe here?" Rey nodded slowly, heart sinking. "I'm sorry. I wouldn't ever let him hurt you." She placed a reassuring hand on her friend. "I can protect myself, and he…he won't hurt me." The droid said nothing but focused her lens on Rey. Rey pressed her lips together. "Could you do me a favor?" "If I can." "Would you tell me if you see anything like that? If he hurts someone, even a droid?" "I don't see him outside of here. But I will ask others. You won't tell him, will you?" She shook her head. "Of course not." "Thank you. Be careful, Rey." Having finished her task, the droid sped out through her little door. Rey finished changing and flopped down on the bed, thinking. She could see in her mind Kylo destroying the little droid she had spoken to after she was captured. She remembered the glint in his eye as he had controlled her. Shivering, she buried her face into the pillow. How could she care about such a ruthless creature? Notes: Darlings, you are the best. The comments, kudos, follows! SUCH motivation. Thank you!! Long chapter for y'all for being so awesome. I know Kylo has been a bit of a dick, but honestly, could you expect anything less? I hope to keep their original characteristics prevalent, but even I get caught up in it all sometimes! Chapter 7 : Chapter 7 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Kylo That night, Kylo couldn't sleep, too distracted by his thoughts. The rebels had attacked a base not too far, planet wise. Were they looking for Rey? Snoke had been irritated at their actions and had given him his next order. Starkiller. They didn't have more than a few days left on Naboo. He dreaded telling her. He could see how even here, her thoughts were often with others. She wanted her freedom. She wanted to be with that traitor. And Han Solo. But Kylo wanted her with him so badly. No matter what, he had to keep her with him. He thought Rey had fallen asleep, but she shifted on his arm and turned her back to him as if restless. Suddenly drawn out of his thoughts, he admired the curve of her cheek and prominent cheekbones. Her skin, although lighter than his, was still tan from Jakku's sun. At night, she usually wore loose pants, wide at the bottom and stopping at the knee, and a simple undershirt. He'd touched the bare skin of her back a few times, and it had been thrilling until she had pulled away. He knew that letting him sleep with her was a gesture on her part, and knew better than to push it. She didn't like surprises like that. Her first instinct was always to pull away. But now he was gutted and empty, and even with her right beside him he felt desolate. Something inside him whispered that he didn't have much longer with her-she wasn't free, and that made her unhappy. If he could have, he would have reached out to her, tried to ask or explain. But he didn't know what to say without sounding brusque. He didn't like their little quarrels; they were opposites in so many ways. Occasionally he caught her looking at him, bemused as if she couldn't figure out why she was attracted to him. Slowly he turned towards her and slipped his arm around her. She seemed to expect it and didn't move. But when he tried curling their fingers together she sat up. "What are you doing?" He blinked. "Holding your hand." Her face contorted and he almost laughed. "I don't like to hold hands," she said sternly. He did laugh then, but it was a little hollow. "Alright." She nodded once then laid back down. After a moment he asked, curious, "You'll kiss me, but you won't hold hands?" She rolled over to look at him with a guarded expression. "It's strange. Too…sentimental." She paused. "Are you offended?" "No," he replied. "I just-I felt-" He couldn't answer, the dark feeling overcoming him again. She seemed to focus and he felt a press of the force against his mind. It was somehow gentle, and he knew she was trying to understand his feelings, so he didn't stop her. When her face cleared with understanding her eyes were gentle. She sighed and pulled herself close to him. "Will you tell me what's wrong?" His answer was curt. "No." Another sigh. For an apology, he stroked her cheek. He knew how she'd react if he told her. It was deceitful, but he wouldn't risk losing her. Her hand pressed on his bare chest and she lifted herself up to kiss him. He was surprised at her move, and quickly rose to meet her gesture and deepen their kiss. Once sitting, he tried to pull her close and to his surprise she moved to his lap and ran a hand through his hair. Excitement rose in him; the only other time he felt this way was when he took out his anger on others. Almost a relief. Daring now, he slipped his hand underneath her shirt to touch her bare back. Her skin was soft and warm, and he was able to caress the span of her lower back freely. She tugged his long hair and pursued his lips fervently. Thoughts gone, he let him sink into sensation. Minutes passed slowly but passionately with Kylo only minimally trying to suppress his actions. But in a moment of catching their breaths, she moved her lips breathlessly to his neck. Within seconds, he was on top of her, lost. Completely lost, his own lips pursued the wide arc of her own neck as he ground against her. Only when she gasped his name did he pause. "Stop!" She panted, grabbing his arms hard. He looked down at her with a flash of irritation, but when he saw the urgency in her eyes it fell away and he pulled back. She crossed her arms and clutched her own forearms as if hugging herself after she sat up. He ran a hand through his hair, stunned. He must have gone too far. She breathed a long breath out and then let go of herself to tuck the loose tendrils of her hair behind her ears. "I'm sorry?" He said, the words coming out as more of a question than he meant. The intensity of her eyes worried him. "It's fine. I just-" She paused. "I don't want that. Right now." "Alright," he replied. Right now? Did that mean later? She was so hard to read. She laid back down and tugged him down with her to his relief, tucking his arm beneath her head. "Have you ever…?" Her voice was unsure. For a moment, he didn't know what she was talking about, but then, embarrassingly, he got it. They hadn't spoken about this before, not really. "Yes," he replied. When she didn't reply, he grew concerned. "Have you?" "No," she answered. Kylo remembered a careless teenage tryst in which he had first had sex. The girl hadn't interested him; he did then and still thought of her as only a toy. "What are you thinking?" He asked, knowing better than to try and read her mind. "I just never considered it. I knew it would happen, sometime, when I found someone, but I thought…" "What?" "I thought it'd be another scavenger, on Jakku. Someone…different." Someone not like him, she meant. Bitterly he ground his teeth and thought of this imaginary man. He'd be boring and simple and…nice. Unlike him. Rey pushed him lightly and he snapped out of his thoughts. "Stop, Kylo." "What?" Kylo growled. "You're wrong, and it's really silly. I can tell how you feel." Kylo went over her words a few times and looked over at her. She gazed up at him with those damn eyes of hers, and he leaned over and kissed her softly. "Just go to sleep." She said, and placed her head on his chest. He tried not to think about their conversation, but ended up analyzing it in his mind over and over. Rey Her heart was lighter in those days. She breathed easier. It was easier to lose herself in her life here, not constantly penned in or reminded that she was a prisoner. Kylo didn't treat her like one. Well, not anymore. They felt like a pair. A couple. He held her at night and fixed her whatever she desired to eat. Together, alone, was almost always good. Only when they were around others did she feel unease. The sound of his robotic voice, filtered through the mask, making her skin crawl. They weren't the same person, it seemed. He wouldn't outwardly harm anyone in front of her, but she wasn't so vapid to think it's didn't happen. It kept her awake at night. CT-21 hadn't reported anything to her yet, but she knew that his dark side was alive and active. Still, it was so easy to forget sometimes, to lose herself in the happiness she felt, being able to explore the new place and be with Kylo. She awoke one night to a strange sound, like a drum. On alert, she had tensed and searched for the sound, which seemed to come from everywhere. Kylo almost immediately seemed to sense her absence and struggled to sit up. "What is it?" She looked at him, hand fisted in the blanket. "You don't hear it?" He listened and then gave a small chuckle. "It's just the rain, Rey." She hadn't thought of that. She knew of rain, had heard of it and was quite aware how it worked. But it didn't rain on Jakku, so this was the first time she had ever experienced it. A crack of thunder made her jump, and his hand rubbed her back soothingly. "Come, go back to sleep," he said, laying down beside her. But she hesitated. "Hold on." She crept out of bed to the window, but not much could be seen. It was too dark. Frustrated, she rested her head against the glass. Caged again. Kylo He couldn't see her very well, but what he could see was her lithe form leaning against the glass, her hair loose and waved down her shoulders to her back. She was like a white spot in the dark with her pale sleeveless shirt and light pants. He got up, intending to coax her back to bed, but she caught the reflected expression on her face—disappointment. Rey, just like a butterfly in a glass jar. He kissed her bare shoulder and murmured, "Come on. Let's go outside." She turned, eyes wide with disbelief. "What?" He leaned closer. "Let's go outside. So you can see the rain." Her face bloomed; a wide smile lighting her up in the dark. Automatically, he gave her a rare smile back. Without thinking, he took her hand. He pulled her to the door and opened the door with his fingerprint. He checked outside for troopers and felt ridiculous—he was sneaking out of his own base. Still, he didn't need any questions. When they reached the outside, there were too many troopers to ignore, so he merely waved his hand and focused the use of the force on their minds. Hand in hand they ran from the light of the base into the darkness, into the rain. He heard a small, breathless laugh from her as the rain hit her face. They continued until they were far enough, but not so much that they couldn't see each other. She let go of his hand and held her arms out, the biggest smile on her face. She spun slowly, her face upturned to feel the water on her face. Kylo stood, arms limp at his sides as he watched her, something strange and tight in his chest. She was so exquisitely beautiful. Her clothes were turned dark and heavy by the rain, only emphasizing her agile form and making her skin glow. He didn't hunger for her, he yearned for her. He didn't know what he wanted. He just wanted her, to be a part of everything she was. A piece of pure light, harnessed by her mortal body. How could she feel anything for him? How could she ever understand him? "Kylo!" He focused on her again instead of his thoughts. She was beaming at him, beckoning him closer as the faint light coming through the slivers of the trees cast shadows on her skin, turning her into an image of dark and light. Calling him in. Into her light. He came closer and she laughed. "Look at it!" She cried. "So much water!" He cracked a smile at her as she beamed at him. She twirled around slowly again, drifting a bit back from him. "I'm so glad I could see this," she said. "I never could have dreamed this." "I'm happy you can. I'm happy to see it first," he replied. She looked at him and then ran to him, only stopping short to throw her arms around his neck and kiss him, deeply. Her lips and tongue were wet and her clothes a mere second skin when soaked, allowing him to feel the curves of her body. As his hand ran down the length of her back, she suddenly jumped up, wrapping her legs around his hips. Her legs were strong enough to hold herself up, but he held her close and secure so she wouldn't fall. Their wet hair clung to each other's chilled cheeks as they pressed their lips together again and again, diving deeper each time. She was pressed against him, in his arms, and did not want to let her go. His possessiveness grew as his mind traveled fast with his desire, imaging taking her, right here in the rain. "Kylo…" She murmured, and it snapped him out of the darkness that tried to fasten itself to this moment. She pressed kisses to his jaw, but he felt her body shaking, and it wasn't with desire. She was cold, not clad well or used to the cold. "Let's go inside," he told her, but she frowned at him and shook her head. "No, I want to stay." He frowned right back, not wanting to force her like she was a prisoner. "You're cold." She scoffed. "I'm fine." He rolled his eyes and pushed her wet hair back from her neck so he could kiss it. "I don't want you to be cold," he murmured against her neck, and she shivered—this time not from the cold. "Mmm…" She said, obviously thinking. She searched his eyes and then appeared to come to some conclusion. "Alright," she said, too willing to be convincing. But he said nothing, not wanting to ruin what they had. She pushed off him and took off running, which made him smile. She was always surprising him. He caught up to her easily, for his legs were longer, and scooped her up from behind. She barked out a breathless laugh before he kissed her, but it only lasted a few moments before she swatted him away and scrambled down. "Stop fooling around. We have to sneak back in." Kylo didn't want to focus. He wanted to just stare at her, smiling in the rain. But he still nodded, and was surprised when she slipped her hand into his. He looked at her incredulously, but she merely shrugged. Perhaps if she wasn't ice cold, she would be blushing. She tugged him forward, and he waved his hands again, slipping back into the hall. They trailed water in, but when he looked back he saw she had already dispersed it with the force so it wasn't a trail. They reached his rooms quickly, she first and he second. As soon as the door clothes, he had her back in his arms again, picking her up so that her legs wrapped around him as before. They kissed and kissed until she began tugging off his sodden shirt. "You want it off?" He asked, trying not to sound surprised. She nodded, and this time he clearly saw the pink in her cheeks. "Wet clothes aren't good," she said, the small furrow of her brow doing nothing to hide her feelings. He set her down on her feet, staring directly at her before stripping off the black shirt and flinging it onto the floor. She came close and placed her palms on his slick, firm chest and kissed it. But he stopped, suddenly concerned. "You should change," He said. "If you're cold-" "No." He tilted his head at her in confusion until she moved to take off her own shirt. He watched, engrossed, as she removed it and then the bindings she wore around her breasts. When he saw her perfect, round breasts for the first time, he inhaled sharply, trying to control himself. She looked at him and he stared right back until she began unbuttoning her pants. "Rey," he said, catching her wrist. "Don't." She glared at him, tugging her wrist away. "I want to." He was silent for a moment but then nodded. He watched as her slim legs emerged, and tried not to stare at her almost bare body. Still, he was surprised again when she reached for him, removing his pants as well. He could have brushed her away and done it faster, but he was too captivated by her. When both were equally bare, he reached for her and kissed her, running his hand down the sides of her stomach and hips. He could feel himself hardening despite the control he had learned to exhibit. It was too much. He felt a pain in his chest, tightening, and his head thrummed with a mixture of thoughts. The darkness beckoned, and he tried to convince himself that this desire did not make him weak. No…not desire…adoration, perhaps. Worship of her perfect body, perfect smile, perfect light. He fought against it, but kept being pulled away by what she was doing, where she was touching. Suddenly he became aware of her fingers on his underwear band, slipping down. He broke their kiss and realized where she seemed to be going and grabbed her hands. "No." She looked at him, confused. "Why?" He shook his head. "You don't want this." A small frown appeared. "Yes, I do. Don't tell me what I want." She didn't understand. Frustration built in his chest and the thoughts were loud. Would you taint her so? Trap her here? Will you show that you are as weak as your father, succumbing to desire and attachment? You know this is different than before; she is different. You want her, not her body. You have compassion for her. You are weak. "Don't you…want this?" She asked, and he glanced at her, able to discern himself from the darkness for a moment. "Don't be stupid," he retorted. Her face creased into anger. "Blast it, Kylo. Why do you have to be such an asshole?" He shook his head, silent. She waited, then touched his arm, her slim fingers resting on his skin. After a moment, they slipped to his chest. "Don't do this, Rey," Kylo warned, turning away from her in order to remove himself from the intoxicating touch of her, but she took a hold of his arm. "Stop shutting me out," She argued. "I know you feel it." "These feelings…they hurt," he admitted quietly, eyes averted. "I can't stand it. I'm...afraid." Notes: Hey lovelies! You all are amazing, and I bet you see where this is going... ;) however, no fluff is without angst here, so BE PREPARED! Chapter 8 : Chapter 8 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Rey Why was he being this way? She had seen how he looked at her when they woke up in the morning, the way he brushed his fingers across her cheeks and was gentle. He had changed somehow; even CT had noticed his lack of violence outside of her presence. She wanted him. She cared about him. He felt the same, she had sensed it. She looked up at him intensely. "Then let them out, stop denying it. You know you care." He didn't respond, and she gripped his arm tighter. "Don't you? Stop fighting it for once." "I could say the same to you." She grimaced, trying to quell her anger. Yes, she had been afraid. But she had never experienced this before, not in any sense. At first, even his touch was foreign. And he had hurt her, made a part of her fear him. Yes, it was different now, but was she supposed to be able to forget? "That's not fair, Kylo." She saw his lips press together. Finally, he said, "I'm sorry." She squeezed his arm, gently this time. "Show me that you care. Let me show you that I do." He did not turn towards her, and after a moment of silence her heart sunk. She let her arm fall away, but he caught it before it could even hit her side. She turned back to him, and his lips were on hers in a moment. He had decided. She grabbed onto him, letting their bodies be close, and his arm snaked around her waist. His lips pressed against hers so fervently, even more so than before. It was not so much as a clashing as a strong give and take, back and forth like the waves of an ocean Rey saw in her dreams. Yet what really startled her was the hand he brought up to cup her cheek-it was such a gentle gesture. They parted for breath and she looked up into his eyes. "Kylo…" She whispered. He pressed his lips to hers again, and she reached up to run a hand through his hair. He pulled away from her ever so slightly, turning away again. "Rey…I don't want you to wake up and regret this. I'm afraid I'll...hurt you." He whispered. Confused, she reached out to his mind, and after initial hesitation, he let her in, just a bit. He had such little control over himself when he was overcome with emotion. What if she changed her mind midway, but he wouldn't stop? What if he was too rough, too demanding? It could not be that way, not for her. He'd rather never be with her than to hurt her like that and ruin what they had. She felt calmer, seeing that, feeling how much he cared. He was on the edge, trying to control his emotions, like she had always wanted from him. For her. "You won't. I want…you. I know we will be fine." He stared her down, eyes narrowed and jaw tight. His hand lifted and touched her hair. Their eyes locked and she reached out and took his hand, pulling him to the bed. He sat, and she stood before him before she slowly lowered her underwear, kicking them away. An unfamiliar expression bloomed on his face and made her feel warm. Her stomach fluttered and a strange hunger gnawed at her as she watched his dark eyes take her in. Not wanting all the focus on her any longer, she moved closer and touched the band of his underwear again with trembling hands, glancing up at him to see if it was alright. She hoped he didn't see how scared she was. But his eyes were peaceful, and he helped her remove them from his body. Rey stared at his naked body, trying not focus on his tall, erect member. But he was beautiful, hard and lean, a smattering of black hair trailing down from his stomach to his groin. His thighs and arms were strong, his stomach muscled. She drank the image of him in, the excitement and longing heady. After a moment, he reached for her and she straddled him, trying not to hesitate or let embarrassment take over. He stared into her eyes, boring into her, and reached again to touch her loose, damp hair. She cocked an eyebrow at him and he leaned down to kiss her. It was different than before, more careful. He pressed hot kisses to her throat, slowly. She closed her eyes and tried to just hold onto him to settle her nerves. Different parts of her brain screamed fear, fear from the vulnerability and unfamiliarity. But it was him, it was just him. The man who looked at her like he was revered by her, who quelled her fears in the dark of the night. There was something about his gaze that made her feel special, or perhaps it was merely the fact that she was the only one he seemed to care about in the galaxy. And how, strangely, despite the fact that she had been protecting herself since she was small, it was in his arms that she felt the most safe. They parted and she smiled at him. "I never thought someone could make me feel the way you do," she murmured. He gave a small smile before leaning forward to capture her lips again, but this time with ferocity. His hands threaded through her hair, keeping her close to him. She placed her hands on his chest, but after a moment Kylo broke away from her, leaving her wanting. Surprised, she looked up at Kylo and frowned, but her expression changed to shock when he grabbed her firmly and held her as he flipped them on the bed so that he hovered above her. His face was calm but his eyes hungry. She expected that she probably looked even less composed. For a moment, she was worried. The position made her edgy, but it was slowly easing away as he kissed her jaw. "I never expected that a little scavenger from Jakku would make me want her like this," he murmured against her skin, and Rey rolled her eyes. "You're a fool, Kylo," she told him sternly, but she didn't mean it. He leaned back to gaze at her, but he wasn't staring at her eyes. She somehow felt even more naked when he looked at her like that. She ached for him, her core tightening just from watching him. She wanted. It was almost primal, how she much she craved him. She had never done this, but somehow she knew that it would be the one thing that would satisfy the ache. "Don't stare," she chided, distracting him with a kiss and lifting her legs to wrap around his hips. He chuckled into their embrace. "Am I not allowed to look at my prize?" Her heels dug into his back and she glared. "Shut up." Her hands twisted in his hair, pulling. "I'm no one's prize." His lips pressed to her throat. "Whatever you wish," he murmured. She wished he wasn't so stupid and cocky. She wished he wasn't a member of the First Order. She wished they weren't here, in this stupid base. She wanted more than this for them. She wanted everything for them. She didn't want this to be their lives, on opposite sides. They could never truly be together that way, and she feared for the future. Deep, deep inside, she feared that if they parted he would disregard her, that his feelings would change. She had felt them before, and now, but how would she know in the future? As she felt impatience from Kylo's lips on her, Finn and Han's faces flashed across her mind. Troubled, she swallowed hard. Was she betraying them? Even though she hadn't told Kylo anything? Was giving herself and her...affection for him a betrayal? "Promise me something," she said. "What?" he replied, voice muffled. She clung to him, wanting to dispel her anxiety. "Promise me you'll let me go. Not today or even tomorrow, but that you will. Soon." He bent back to look at her, his dark eyes cold. "Is that all this is, then?" Her nails dug into his flesh and she snapped, "You should know it's not. But I don'[t want to be your captive. And I don't want this ...to be...tainted...by that. I need to know that this isn't your way of trying to get me to stay. That you understand where I stand." A bitter reply obviously was on the tip of his tongue by the look in his eyes, but he took a deep breath and replied, "I promise. This has nothing to do with… that. " She nodded and pressed her forehead against his. "I'm glad it doesn't," she replied. He thawed and kissed her cheek gently, his warm breath mingling. "Just you and me, then." She liked that. "Just you and me," she echoed. They kissed again, but Rey's mind was flying by now. Dark vs light, betrayal, fear. What had Han said? Fear made you weak? Now, thinking about this, she did feel fear again. Something inside screamed; Don't leave me! Don't hate me! "Stop." Kylo's voice snapped her out of her thoughts, and her eyes opened to stare back at him. Her lips parted, but she didn't speak. "Stop thinking." He continued. "Why are you afraid?" Rey licked her lips for a moment before speaking. "I feel like I'm betraying something. I hate that I feel…scared. It felt right, and then…" Her eyes trailed away. Kylo stroked her cheek and ducked to look into her eyes. "Then what?' "Then I began to think about this. How…we are so different, down to the core. No future, no nothing. We aren't even on the same side. Why are we doing this? Isn't this crazy?" "Rey," he said, his voice deep. "I'm betraying something too. I can't mingle with the light, and I especially shouldn't promise you that this has nothing to do with Snoke or the rebellion. But I am. We are doing this because we want to, and because…we know it won't change each other. Why not be as close as we can to each other when we are so distant on everything else?" Stupid theoretical talk. It felt so stupid. All her life, Rey dealt with harsh realities and facts. You couldn't stay home and cry because you were sad, because then you wouldn't eat. Doing the opposite of what made sense was well, senseless. This, this feeling between her and Kylo made no sense. Her family, her home, all of it meant so little when she was lost within the emotion Kylo evoked. She would hate it, distrust it, if she hadn't felt the same thing in him. "Don't you ever follow your feelings, Rey?" She didn't too often. Jumping on the Falcon with Finn was one of the first times, and she still had wanted to return to Jakku. And Rey was nothing like Kylo, who only did follow his feelings. They were such opposites. It made this so strange. When she didn't reply, he stroked her cheek. "Do you want to stop?" Startled, she shook her head. Her face grew warm as she said, "No. I want…you." He smiled wide, uncharacteristically, and moved down to her breasts, touching and kissing them, palming the mounds lovingly. It was strange to feel someone touch her there, even stranger that she liked it. His hands skimmed the sides of her, causing delightful tremors to course through her. She wriggled at his ministrations and felt that longing grow. She was wet between her legs, her core pulsing. Yet it was not all carnal...she felt tenderness from him, that he was happy to be able to give her this. To make her feel good. He was giving her more than affection...something she didn't dare to want to think about. "Good?" He asked, eyes flashing to hers and she nodded. Too good. Wonderful. "Let me touch you," she asked, taking a breath. How desperately she wanted to make him feel the way he did her, to have him feel warmth all through him from the intimacy. He moved up so they were level and guided her hand down to wrap around his hot flesh. He was so hard that it almost startled her, and as she moved her hand up and down she felt him throb in her hand, like a beating heart. She swallowed and glanced at him only to find him staring at her hungrily, his face completely exposing his yearning. His hands gripped her back and moved down to her ass, squeezing. Rey moved her hand a little faster in her own excitement, the skin like silk over steel, enjoying his expressions and the loud breaths he took. He however, didn't seem to like to show her how much he enjoyed it. He leaned forward to kiss her deeply, and as she felt his muscles tighten he pushed her hand away. She looked up, eyes wide with confusion. "Not yet," he told her. She bit her lip and nodded, and he kissed her softly a few times. "Rey..." he breathed. "Please...may I touch you?" He asked. She hesitated, trying to see if she was afraid. But still, she nodded. His long fingers found her immediately, but he went slow with touching her. He parted her folds gently, rubbing softly. She turned her head and pressed her lips together, unwilling to voice the pleasure she felt. If he could hide it, so could she. He kissed her neck though and found her opening. Teasing her, he did no more than touch until she squirmed. He chuckled darkly against her neck, and she punished him by digging her nails into him. He slowly eased one digit into her, as if testing the waters. She exhaled loudly, having never been touched so deeply before. His hand, his touch, was so different yet so delicious. "Still good?" He asked, voice betraying his lust. The stupid man was probably imagining being inside her by the way that his cock twitched against her leg. But then again, she was as well. "Yes," she replied. "I just…" "Hm?" He looked up at her, kissing her breast while she tried to speak her mind. "I want…more." She expected him to smile, but he seemed to grow quite serious. "Are you sure?" "Yes." Pressing a last kiss to her breast, he moved up again, his fingers leaving her wanting. They kissed deeply for a moment, his tongue dancing with hers. He seemed hesitant, wary, so she pulled back and made him look her in the eye. "I'm ready," she told him. Kylo Kylo nodded, but saw that she was steeling herself for this. She needed to relax. He didn't want her to hurt. "Don't be afraid," he whispered. She smiled a little. "I'm not." He leant down and kissed her, gently. Trying not to devour her whole as a part of him wanted. He had never been so hard, his member seeping out proof of his desire. He pulled back to position himself at her entrance, the sensitive skin of his cock jumping at the touch of her wet, warm skin, but then glanced down at her to see her biting her lip. Waiting for the pain. His chest tightened and he reached to tuck her hair back. "Smile," he murmured. "Please." Her wide eyes searched his face and must have seen the anxiety there. Although he wanted to push into her again and again, somehow he wanted her pleasure much more. This was sacred between them, and this was her first time. He had to give her everything, had to make it perfect for her. She was the most important thing in the entire universe, and as he looked at her he felt like he was looking straight into the sun. Her head tilted slightly and she did smile, transforming her face entirely. "You're so beautiful," he told her breathlessly. She laughed and lifted her head to kiss him. Feeling better, Kylo's heart rate doubled as he readied himself. Finally, finally, finally. All of his passionate imaginings and desires were now his reality. With great care, he pushed himself into her, shuddering as she engulfed him in her tight, scorching heat. Just like it had been described to him once long ago, they really were one. Her lips paused and a small, strangled sound came out of her. His dark eyes scanned hers nervously, but she turned her head to the side as if to hide the pain. "Rey?" "It's ok," her voice was surprisingly calm. "Just a second." She shifted and Kylo's eyes closed. God damn, she felt good. She was insanely tight and warm, her walls like velvet. Any movement felt good, but it was only like a hint towards much better pleasure. He wanted so much to simply go and slam his hips against hers in a frenzy. But this was Rey, this was more than that. She was not just a body, like the others. This coupling gave him a type of pleasure he didn't understand, nor had even known existed. Just the sight of her naked had given him a surge of unexpected thrill, because it was a gift. She was beautiful, and even if she had looked different she would still be beautiful. Her fingers tightened in his hair and his eyes opened to meet her intense, hazel stare. He moved again, slowly. But her expression tensed and she sucked in a breath. She tried to turn her head away again, but a tear escaped. "Rey," He murmured, and pressed kiss after kiss to her face. Guilt ran through him as she clutched him to her neck and gave a small whimper. Suddenly the world was dark and he was panicked. Had he done something wrong? A deep rumbling sound, almost like a growl threatened to leave his throat in self loathing. But she buried her face in his hair and took a deep breath before releasing him, calmer than before. "I'm alright," she said, almost embarrassed. He tucked her hair back and let his lips ghost over her cheek. "I'm sorry," he replied quietly, but she let out a breathless little laugh and shifted a little around him. "Hush up and move," she ordered, and the tension in his shoulders eased. He began again, but was still unsure. It had to be perfect. It had to be perfect. "Tell me what feels good," he told her, trying to focus on the slow, careful thrusts. Her expression again broke into a wide smile that swept away a large part of his anxiety. "You can go a little faster," she said. "It's better now." He nodded, focusing too hard to reply. He watched her raptly as he began to move at a decent pace, but saw no pain there. He stroked one of her thighs and sighed as she moved her hips in response to hers. "Kylo…" "What?" She looked at him, lips pressed together. "I want…more." A bit of a cocky smile crept up onto his lips and he pushed into her even faster, deeper. Finally some relief to his aching member, wave after wave of pleasure that he hoped she felt as well. But he couldn't help himself, so he said, "How's this? Is that what you wanted?" Her cheeks turned a little pinker. "Yes." "Feels good?" He prompted. "Mmhm." Her lips were pressed firmly together now, and he found he was biting his own tongue. "Don't hold it back," he ordered as his breathing grew harder. "I want to hear you." A small frown appeared on her brow as she clutched his wide back, as if to pull him closer. "You're doing it too." Damn it. "Fine, fine." She clutched him but remained silent until he hissed "Goddamn it, you feel so good," into her ear, his hips going even faster. His hand stroked her perfect, strong stomach, and his lips constantly kissed her; her lips, cheeks, throat, breasts, everything. Her eyes closed and a small breathy moan escaped her lips. "So do you…Oh, there." He frowned in concentration, pushing into her at that exact angle, hitting her hard. "There," she gasped, "Right fucking there." She moved her hips up for more but he held her steady. His forehead touched hers and their breaths mingled. Her eyes were closed from ecstasy and he called her name so he could look into her eyes and see the pleasure there, see how she wanted him just as much. He had never felt something like this, like a different kind of power surged through him. "Rey." Her hazel eyes opened and he smiled at her. After a moment, she smiled back and pressed on his back to lower him for a kiss. His hand slid underneath her in order to place it directly under the small of her back, pressing so their bodies could mingle closer. Her legs tightened and hips lifted and tensed. She was close. Every time he drew back they both inhaled as if fearful of a possible separation. They kissed even while trying to breathe, unwilling to separate their lips from each other's. Her hand tangled into his hair and grasped it firmly, enabling her arm to fully cradle his head and neck. Her slim, strong legs kept the two firmly connected, so that even when he lifted she went with him only to have her back dropped back onto the bed so he could push deeper. His eyes opened mid kiss and he was struck by her beauty in the dim light. Perhaps someone could think her ordinary, but his ridiculous adoration made him fascinated with every feature. Her thin, slightly tipped up nose; her serious brow; the small freckles scattered across her flawless skin like stars. She was exquisitely beautiful, and for that moment it was so easy to forget everything but this. He touched her passionately, and she sighed and gripped his back, digging her fingernails into his flesh. They parted lips but hers found his neck; there he was able to still feel her every breath. All that was left in his mind was emotion and desire; no more games, no more teasing. Just this. "Kylo…" she whispered, but he didn't understand the word at first. It sounded awkward and foreign to his ears, and his next words were out of his mouth before he could even realize what he was saying. "Don't call me…that…Call me…Ben…" She was surprised into a brief moment of silence, but somehow seemed to understand the significance. She pulled back to look up at him and her expression was curious, but then her arms tightened around him and her features became softer. He looked away then, embarrassed and instead focused on his movements. "Ah…Ben…!" At this gasp of his name he groaned and his thrusts became deeper and more purposeful. They locked eyes and then lips, brutally. She nipped at his lip and he further encircled her in his arms as he began to sense that they were both coming to their high. "Oh gods...it feels like..." Her voice grew a little higher with his well timed thrust, "It's like...being...whole!" "Yes!" He hissed, barely able to keep himself from spilling into her, only the thought of her coming apart in his arms kept him together. Her words rang true, for it did feel like that. It felt like being swathed in her, just her, and every good feeling there was crowding out anything else. Almost with complete disregard, he crushed her even closer and slammed his hips into her, finally pushing them over the edge. "Ben!" She came first, finally feeling the release throb through her body. He followed closely and stilled, his body stiff and wracked with pleasure as he growled her name. Eventually their slick bodies relaxed into each other as they reveled in the afterglow, him trying to keep from falling onto her slim body. She caught his eyes and kissed him softly, sighing when he smoothed her hair back. The tender gesture came so easy to him now, with her. He moved to carefully ease out of her, but he caught her grimace and froze. "Are you hurt?" Her cheeks flushed slightly and her brows narrowed. "No! It's nothing." In the last moments of his rapture he had forgotten. Darkness swiftly flooded him as he cursed himself for forgetting and being so rough. Kylo laid down beside her but hesitated before reaching out for her. She let herself curve to his body, resting her head on his chest. It was quiet. "Do you regret it?" She asked him suddenly. He lifted his head to try and look at her. Did she sense something from him? True, his head had been filled with regrets of his thoughtlessness, but not because of the act itself. "…No. Do you?" She did not reply for a few moments. "I don't think so." She pressed her cheek into his skin, and he gently placed his hand on the small of her back. "You're uncertain," he said roughly, feeling betrayed. She shook her head. "I never thought this would happen. I'm just so confused." He knew the feeling. Torn. Rey looked up and he felt the confusion she felt fly away to be replaced by a much stronger emotion he didn't understand. But he must have reflected whatever she felt, because she smiled. "Regardless, I'm happy," she whispered to him. He nuzzled her close. "I'm happy too," he replied. He wished he could say more, say what he had been trying to express to her with his body. He loved her. He loved her. She was the center of his world. Reeling, he finally grasped what he had been circling around for some time now. When he finally snapped out of his reverie, her body was relaxed and he felt her fall asleep as he held her. He wanted to keep the moment, keep looking at her, confess to her of his feelings, but he wanted to let her sleep. She had told him she was happy, and that was all that mattered. Rey She awoke sore, but filled with a lazy peace. She was content to lay snuggled in Ben's arms, warm and safe. If there was an opposite of loneliness, this was it. They had slept together many times before at that point, but this was a little different. They were skin to skin, bonded now by invisible ties they made their closeness feel even more intimate. She had been overwhelmed last night, first by her fear, and then by the sweet tenderness and passion he had displayed that had washed everything away. He had filled an emptiness, an ache that she hadn't even known existed until they were connected. After the initial pain and anxiety, she had never felt so complete...and so loved. But that, she refused to linger on. She might have fallen back asleep if she had not felt him stir and then stretch. After flexing his muscles, his arm came back to hold her even closer, if that was possible. She hoped he'd think her asleep, just to prolong the haze of happiness she felt. "Good morning, Rey," he said softly into her ear, his deep voice so enthralling that she didn't mind being found out after all. "Morning," she replied as she felt his lips on the back of her neck. "Are you…alright?" She tried not to show the tinge of embarrassment she felt. "I'm fine," she dismissed. His fingers languidly stoked her skin, the sensation so good. She rolled over to be able to look him in the eye, and was dazzled by the beautiful, genuine smile on his face. She had seen it many times last night, but had been a bit preoccupied to truly appreciate it. Her heart was in her throat at that moment, for all she could see was the loving, gentle, ardent man who had made love to her so perfectly. And she knew that she had indeed fallen, had left her reservations behind. She was all in, and she wanted him to know. "Ben," she whispered. "I-" His face suddenly contorted and his anger was palatable. "Don't say that name to me," he barked, jerking his head back. The tenderness she had felt snapped, stinging. She drew back too, shocked, her face drawing into a frown. "You're the one who-" "I know what I said. It was an idiotic moment. Don't ever say it again." Kylo Anger flashed in her eyes and she pushed back from him. The skin she had touched was left cold, mourning the warmth of her body. She gathered the sheet around her and leaned towards him, curiosity mingling in her expression. "It's your real name, isn't it?" Silence. Panic rose in him. No he's dead that weak, weak boy is dead. He's not me, not me, not me, I'm better, stronger. I am not weak I am not weak... "Isn't it?" She pressed, placing her hand on his chest. He sat up, brushing off her hand on his chest and tightening his fists in anger. She couldn't say that name to him, she wouldn't let it drop, he wasn't that man anymore. If Snoke knew, if his grandfather knew he had been so weak, letting the boy of the past emerge, weak and pathetic, they would know how frail his will really was. 'Throw him away, Ren. He will only hold you back,' Grandfather had said. 'If you become him again, you will be nothing but a failure, unable to become powerful in either side of the force. There is no grey area in the Force.' "Hush. Don't press this!" Eyes bright, she stared him down and his temples throbbed. "You wanted me to call you Ben. Your real name." "That man is dead!" He shouted. She could never leave well enough alone! A FAILURE A FAILURE A FAILURE WEAK WEAK WEAK "No, he's not!" She replied just as hotly. "You're Ben! You still-" Without a thought, his hand reached out and slapped her, only hatred flowing through him. The snap against her skin shook something in him, and dazed, his hatred began to dwindle. Rey's hand flew up to cradle her red cheek as his shoulders heaved and his body shook with anger. Then his eyes focused on hers, and he saw the betrayal she felt and horror washed over him. He reached out for her. "Rey-" Her hands shot out and the force smacked him right into bedframe. His head hit the back with a crack, but he barely felt it next to the horrible panic settling over him. "You're right," she said, shaking, and she glared at the bed to avoid his gaze. "He is dead." She got up, keeping the sheet wrapped around her. He was going to lose her, he had gone too far. He had hurt her. His love. The woman he had made love to only hours before. She had trusted him, let him in, and... "Rey, I-" "This was a mistake," She bit back, taking off down the hall to her workroom. He scrambled up to try and follow her, but he heard the unmistakable sound of the lock. It was easily breakable, but she would hate him if he did that, leaving him no choice but to stay outside. A roar of fury ripped out of him and he smashed a panel near the hallway. He hit it again and again until all he was left with was a pounding ache in his chest. "Rey!" He thundered, the sound ending in a plead. "Please!" He heard nothing from her, but vowed not to skulk off to his grandfather's mask this time. He would not hear the words that would tell him of his weakness when the only weakness he could focus on was his loss of temper. He had to wait for her, he would wait until she finally emerged. Sitting down on the bed with defeat, his thoughts were filled with self-hatred. She had laid there with him in the most sacred way possible. They had been bonded like never before. He had experienced the most powerful feeling he had never even dreamed of. And then, with one, stupid, horrible action, he had ruined it all. He had lost her. Notes: Fluff is never complete without angst, my darlings. Sorry I'm such a sadist. I hope to be forgiven! I'm sorry if this upset anyone, I take domestic violence very seriously. I'm also sorry about the quality of the smut, it still feels awkward to me, but that's kind of what first times are for! I don't know anyone who thought losing their virginity was a piece of cake XD But I promise there is better, more inspired bits out there... Thank you so much for all your comments and everything, they are life. Sorry this is a bit late! Chapter 9 : Chapter 9 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Ren The next morning came and she still hadn't left the room. Kylo had waved away every message, every droid that came looking for him. He didn't sleep, he didn't eat. He just waited. But he was an impatient man. He couldn't bear every second he was left waiting. It was scorching him, burning him alive. Rey, Rey, Rey. He couldn't lose her. Just the thought brought such intense pain that it made him want to snap his own neck just to make it stop. It made him want to destroy, to put the pain anywhere but inside himself. Finally he was desperate enough to try the door. To his surprise, it was unlocked. She must have unlocked it during the night while he was distracted by his own misery. How could he have not noticed? Had she been waiting? Did she want to talk to him? The door slid open and he entered the room quietly, trying to display some kind of caution despite his taught nerves and racing thoughts. She was lying on the cot in the corner, still but awake. Her feelings were unreadable; she was guarded heavily from him. "Rey?" He approached her and touched her shoulder, but she still laid motionless. "I'm sorry. I never-I didn't mean to hit you." "Don't lie." He paused, trying harder to reach out to her mind. She flung him back immediately and his heart beat faster. "Rey, I'm sorry I didn't control myself. I hate that I hurt you. It won't happen again." She said nothing, so he swallowed hard. "Rey, I'm so, so sorry. Please, please forgive me." She sat up, but did not turn towards him. "You are not sorry," she said, spitting out the last word. "You don't even understand!" He felt like he was grasping at straws, flailing. "I do, I do!" He had hurt her deeply, and he wanted her to know how much he regretted it. When she did turn to him, his heart sunk. Her eyes blazed with what only could be hatred. "You aren't sorry you did it, just like you aren't sorry that you tortured me!" Aghast, he pulled back from her, frustration building. "Why would you say that? Have you not felt my regret?" He argued, voice raising to meet hers. She came closer, but only to glare more fiercely into him. "You are sorry it was me, Kylo. That's all. If it was anyone else, you wouldn't care." He was stunned for a moment and then tried to regain himself. "So? I only care about you?" She pulled back, but this time sorrow had settled into her anger. "Why can't you understand?" She asked, voice breaking. "It's not right. It isn't right to hate everyone else, to just disregard them like trash." He could hear his father's voice in his mind. There's something wrong with him! "They don't matter to me. Only you, Rey! Why don't you see that? Don't you know how precious you are to me? Of course I am sorry!" She shook her head and put her head in her hands, and he heard how her voice was thick with tears. "I know that. But you have to see, you have to realize... Every person in the galaxy is someone else's Rey. " Struck dumb and quiet, he realized how Leia had once tried to explain this to him. " Everyone has a mother and a father, and they care about them just as much as we care about you. That's why they matter." But he had disregarded it, thinking with venom how little his parents cared about him. But now, Rey's words struck him hard, as if she had been the one to hit him. In a flash, he remembered his most recent kill, a young, force sensitive woman whose husband had attempted to attack him after he had ended her. He had reached out, but only got so far before Kylo had frozen him. In a moment Kylo saw the man's grief, how he screamed and cried for his wife. At the time, he had scoffed at the man's obvious weakness and had killed him too. But if he even felt the least bit of how Kylo felt about Rey... Something long buried ached in him. "Show me," Rey said quietly, and he realized that he hadn't spoken in a long time. He looked into her beautiful eyes and then down before he let her in. He felt her looking, touching, gentle even in his mind. Not like him. She did not take, she only saw. It only took a few moments before her demeanor changed and she pulled away, no doubt having seen what he had just experienced. "You're sorry?" She asked slowly, and his fingers came up to touch hers. "Yes," he said quietly, the new regret seeping through him. Was this weakness? This was...compassion. And not just for her. This was the exact thing he had fought against, and he knew that something in him he had built was destroyed. She grasped his hand and her eyes were sharp. "Don't fight it," she instructed. "I can forgive you if you...if you understand." Inwardly, he wanted to scoff. If he cared about others, she would forgive him. How twisted fate was, how far he had fallen. For her. He did not reply, just tried to make his emotions go away as he focused on the touch of her calloused hand. Finally, they had quelled enough. "I want you to call me Ren." After a moment, she commented, "A compromise." He nodded, searching her feelings the best he could. She looked into his eyes, face expressionless. "Ren." He nodded again, but her face did not change. Suddenly, she pulled away and lay down again. "Rey?" He reached out to touch her but the moment his fingers brushed her skin she pushed him away. "I can't. Don't touch me." His heart was seized, emotion clouding him immediately as confusion racked his brain. "Rey, please," he begged, his voice raw. "I thought-" She sat up again, eyes blazing. "No. No. You have no right to touch me, or speak to me, or anything! Regardless of that, I trusted you. I—" She paused, her expression flickering. "I won't forgive you. And I realize now that no matter what, I'm just your goddamn prisoner." "No, you're not!" he protested, frustration seeping through his voice. "I promised you your freedom. And I made a mistake! I just…I can't let you go yet." He buried his head in his hands. "Not like this. Not with you hating me. Let me show you that you can trust me again." He paused, his voice breaking. " Please , Rey." She was silent, but he was desperate. He had never wanted anything like he wanted her forgiveness. "Fine. But my time here is now on my terms. I will decide when I leave, not you." He looked up at her, his mind already panicking. "But—" "No." He stared, and she stared back. The realization that she wanted him to show her his trust was part of this deal. She knew that if he made her this deal, he would carry through with it since he was so desperate for her trust. He couldn't lose her. But if he disagreed, she was already lost. "Okay," he finally said. Something in her posture relaxed. But her gaze was still steel. "You were angry," she said. "But you will never lash out like that again towards me." He opened his mouth to speak, but suddenly his air was cut off, throat being squeezed as the force constricted around it. His body was frozen, his eyes locked on her fierce expression and outstretched hand. "I am not weak," she said sharply. "Don't ever forget that. If you ever lay a hand on me like that again, I will not hold back. And I will never trust you again." He was released and immediately sucked in air. Anger surged through him at first, but as she turned away, he caught her hand to turn her back to him. "Ok," he rasped, throat still raw. Her eyes searched him for a long moment. "Ok," she replied. Her hand still in his, he hesitantly brought it up to his cheek. She let him, and his eyes closed with relief. Then she let herself lean into him, and he held her close with his mouth set hard. He would never hurt her again, but she was so frustrating. Her words had surprised him, but also sparked his emotions, strengthening them. She was strong, fierce, beautiful, and unwavering. And his match and equal in every way. "I love you," he said suddenly. She stiffened and turned her face up towards him. She looked as if she would say something, but instead pressed her lips against his with fervor. He was surprised by this, and even more so when she climbed onto his lap. It awakened that same passion again, and he felt forgiven. Relieved. But when he pressed against her mind, she found her closed off again to him. But her hands still slid through his hair, and her lips still moved against his. He had a chance, he had not lost her. Not wasting a moment, he scooped her up into his arms and carried her back to their bed. They had fallen asleep once more, entangled, but Ren was roughly awakened by haphazard shakes. "Ren! Ren, wake up." Turning his head towards the assault, Ren's dark eyes flickered open. "What...?" Rey, clothed and wide awake, stared back at him with an intense look on her face. "Ren, we…I can't get pregnant! We had…I will not get pregnant!" Pregnant? Good god. And she was still shaking him. It was incredibly irritating. "You won't get pregnant," he mumbled, turning away from her. She grabbed him again, her nails digging into his flesh even more insistently. Almost just pushing him now. "You don't know that! How could we, I mean, what can we-" She stopped and buried her face in her hands, look small and fragile all of a sudden. "I've never been so careless," she whispered. Ren sat up abruptly, running a hand through his hair and trying to endure the head rush he got. "It's alright, Rey." She stared at him, but he breezed right passed her to the panel on his wall. Typing in the code and then the request, he sighed. "Ren?" He turned to her. "You're not going to get pregnant. I've taken care of it." The look she gave him was one of complete exasperation. If he hadn't been woken up so harshly, he could have laughed. Instead he just gazed at her, silent as he tried to quell the irritation he felt. The sound of the small door opening made them both turn, and a small droid appeared. Ren held out his hand and it scanned his fingertips. Satisfied, it then produced a small syringe and needle. "What is that?" Rey asked incredulously, crossing her arms across her chest tightly. Her apprehension was obvious. Did they not have prevention on Jakku? "A drug that will prevent pregnancy for a month. And since it hasn't been too long since we had sex, you will not get pregnant. Now let me see your hip." Rey shifted, and it became obvious that she had never heard of this before. "Is it safe?" She asked. Ren did crack a smile then and stepped closer. "It's been used for a long time, it's very safe. And I know how to deliver a shot," he answered, more gentle. Her lips pursed. "You know a lot about it." He shook his head. "I investigated it…for us. After we began…this." Rey licked her lips but then peeled her clothes from her side, giving him access. Ren knelt down and prepared the shot. "Breathe in, then out." On her breath out, he inserted the needle into her soft skin, dispensed the medicine, and then withdrew it. A quick glance at her face made him wonder, for her face displayed no pain, only focus as she stared away from him. Ren pressed his lips to the small wound, and she suddenly glanced down, the look of surprise all over her features. As if she hadn't expected such a gesture from him. A small smile quirked up his lips before he stood, taller than she once again. "Better?" He pulled her close and captured her lips, but only briefly. She drew away and nodded. "Don't you have to go to work sometime?" She asked, brushing past him to order food. He turned and nodded, hating that she was so distant. He wasn't forgiven for his actions earlier. Or perhaps the thought of carrying his child was too repulsive for her. Grinding his teeth, he left her to dress. She wasn't wrong; Hux had already sent him three messages. Although Ren liked to see him squirm, if he waited much longer Snoke would most likely be contacted. Or Phasma would knock down the door. The tight lipped, copper haired general was waiting for him. After the initial and typical demands of explanation and passive aggressive hints to Ren's priorities, loyalty, and intelligence, it took every image of Rey's soft hazel eyes to keep him from murdering Hux right then and there. Usually he'd storm out, destroy something, maybe kill a few troopers or someone under Hux just to express his rage. But it was widely known among Ren, Hux and Phasma that the three were not to fight one another, at least not directly. So no matter how much Hux humiliated him, Ren was unable to touch him. At least, directly. They needed to head to Starkiller; the ships were prepared. He had to tell Rey. They were already delayed due to his excommunication. Hux clearly blamed him; the general was eager to use Starkiller. It was his project more than anyone's, and Ren knew the man's mind better than himself—it was Hux's greatest desire to be so powerful, to have such control at his fingertips. He hated Ren because he was higher than him and possessed power that Hux could never have. And in turn, that gave Ren great satisfaction. That aside, after some rigorous training and a brief visit to his grandfather, Ren was able to return to his apartments. And to Rey. His girl was busy at work, so busy that she did not hear him come in. But not because of concentration, but because she was busy speaking to something. Something that beeped. Ren entered her workshop and looked at the droid on Rey's table. It seemed to be made of different parts not meant for one droid, and its cylindrical body was topped by a small light sensor and lens eye. It swiveled its top "head" towards him and beeped, but as a welcome, not from fear. Strange. "Ren!" Rey's teeth bit into her lower lip as she wrapped an arm around the little droid to lift it away from the table. "You're back." Ren walked to her table, picking up a few pieces to examine. Pointlessly, for he knew very little about droids and their parts. "Don't worry. I won't harm your little pet," he said, but let his tone be gentle. He remembered how upset she had been when he had destroyed the little cleaning droid, and felt bad about it. Rey's sweet features took on a dark expression, but it was fleeting. "You will not." Realizing his error, he swallowed and reached to smooth his fingers over her hair. "How are you feeling?" She looked down and away. "Fine," she replied, hazel eyes flashing up to meet his for a moment. They stood in silence for a long moment, her working and him watching. Finally, he cleared his throat. "Not…sore or anything?" She jumped a little, lips parting and a little chortle escaping her as she suddenly seemed to need to rummage for something. Ren's heart began to pound. "I told you I'm fine," she eventually replied in a rush. "Do you regret it? You are still…?" Angry? Rejection was already thick in his throat, the bands of his chest ready to snap. He knew he had asked before, and that he was not yet forgiven. But if didn't ask again, the wondering would drive him mad. Her head came up quickly, color staining her cheeks. "No," she said, irritated at his self-consciousness. "Yes. I mean; it is…different. We've seen each other naked." Gods, was that it? It wasn't him, but the action itself? She was embarrassed that he had seen her naked? He held in his laugh before quietly replying, "Don't worry. It doesn't change anything. Well, not for the worse. There's no need to be embarrassed." She nodded without comment, but appeared calmer. Ren tried to soothe his inner conflict at this ordeal, he just wanted to take her into his arms now. Didn't she realize he'd missed her? She had been in his mind all day. Perhaps he did not have the same effect on her. A touch on his arm drew him out of his self-loathing. She was looking at him, a question in her hazel eyes. She only grew more so after seeing his expression, but said nothing. As if she knew already what he must tell her. "Do not think that I am…breaking our deal," he said hurriedly as she frowned. "I will hold fast to it." I will not lose you so quickly. He took a breath, glad her hand was still on his arm, warm and reassuring. "But...I must go to Starkiller. I…hope…you will come with me." It was strange to be asking her, his heart in his throat. But she had to say yes, had to give him more time! "Starkiller?" She echoed, terror in her eyes. She drew back. "The weapon that destroyed the Republic? The Hosnian System?" He could only nod, but her hand came up to cover her mouth. "You're going to use it again." He wished she was stupid sometimes. Then she wouldn't draw conclusions so easily. Of course she would know immediately. "…Yes." She shook her head in disbelief. "How could you?" Stifling his irritation and fear was so difficult; it burned him. "I did not make this decision." Her eyes narrowed and her hand left her lips. "Don't pretend like you don't have a hand in it, Ren." A deep breath to calm himself. This was Rey, his beloved Rey. He could not lash out. Never again. "I do. I shouldn't have even told you, but I wanted to give you the choice," he said stiffly. "You know which side I'm on." "Doesn't mean I agree with it!" Rey burst out. His anger surged and she took a step back, and immediately it died down. She was afraid. As gently as he could manage, he said, "Please, come with me. I will still fulfill my promise to you. I just…need more time." She knew he hated to beg. She turned away to look out the window, and he fought every cell of his being to stay where he was and to remain calm. "Fine." Sweet, sweet relief. He relaxed and she turned back to him. "The resistance won't let you get away with this," she warned him, eyes narrowed. "They know now what it can do." He shrugged. He doubted they could do anything about it, and that wasn't his primary concern. But yet she stepped closer, laid her hand on his chest and looked up, her eyes intense. "The Hosnian System," she said again. "It destroyed planets. Millions of people died." He was cold, anxious. And he could not answer, did not understand why she said this until their conversation from the day before popped into his mind along with the face of the grieving man. "You watched, didn't you? You watched as they died. You heard their screams, their light going out in the Force." He stared down at her, indeed remembering that day. Emotion swept through him and she took a deep breath and relaxed as if he had comforted her. "Rey?" He said, voice still a little raw. Her head laid down on his chest, and his arm automatically came around to hold her. "I felt it," she murmured. "I know you." He tried to search her mind, replaying the previous moments back in his head. "Say what you mean," he replied impatiently. She shook her head, but after a moment spoke. "You did not enjoy that. You may have killed many people and sentenced others to death, but when they died you felt the pain. It hurt you." It felt like his hair stood on end with her words. He wanted to push her away, yell that she was wrong. But he had indeed felt the pain; he always felt pain. The waves were strong then, but he had pushed them down the best he could. Done his best to ignore. "Damn you," he muttered, but she made no response. "Damn you." His arms held her weakly, and his dark, dull eyes gazed off into nothing. If she could sense his weakness, Leader Snoke did too. Notes: Hey y'all! Thank you so much for EVERYTHING! It feeds my dark, black soul. Seriously, I love seeing your reactions and comments. For anyone who was upset by the abuse of last chapter, I apologize. I do take it seriously and hope you all were ok. It gets better, I promise. Chapter 10 : Chapter 10 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Ren Later, after dinner, the droid came per Ren’s request. The two humans sat together on the chairs in the bedroom, and the droid began stripping the bed of its blankets. Rey looked at him quizzically, for this was out of the norm. But he wouldn’t speak. Perhaps she wouldn’t ask. “What is CT doing here?” Always so curious. Ren almost had the urge to smile as he imagined her reaction to what he would say. “It’s changing the sheets. You bled when we laid together,” he told her casually. Her face changed with understanding, and her cheeks grew pink. She looked away from him, and he felt a little guilty for enjoying her embarrassment. “It happens the first time for every woman,” he said, trying to make her feel better. “I suppose you would know,” she replied haughtily, face still turned away so he could only see the curve of her neck and the dark hair that rested there. “Hmph. Don’t be ridiculous. It’s common knowledge,” he retorted. “It’s not my fault you come from a wasteland of ignorance.” She didn’t reply, and he felt a little worse. The droid stashed away the sheets in the garbage chute and began putting new, silky dark sheets on. “It’s not your fault you don’t know,” he said quietly. “I’m sorry.” At first she didn’t reply, only watched the droid. But then she said, just as quiet; “What else should I know then?” Ren cleared his throat, surprised at her unexpected request. “We need to wait. You need to…heal. It only takes a few days.” She nodded, but he could still feel her embarrassment despite her attempts at squashing it down. “It will feel better next time,” he added. “No pain at all.” She looked at him then, biting her lip. “Did Leia tell you this?” Now it was his turn to be embarrassment, and he felt the tip of his ears grow warm. “Yes.” “When?” “When she visited me.” Rey tilted her head, her small buns brushing her neck. How he longed to touch her. “You didn’t tell me she visited.” He frowned and looked away. “It was rare.” Her hazel eyes peered into him, and the only sound was of the droid leaving. “It hurt,” she said suddenly. “It made you angry.” He pushed up from his chair, the waves of emotion just like the ones he felt back then. “Drok it, Rey! Stop.” He had had more than enough feeling for today. She stood as well and her hand curled into a fist. “It’s alright to feel.” He shook his head. “Leave it be.” She sighed. “You have so much pain. It hurts me.” His dark eyes turned to her face quickly, scanning her features. “Don’t,” he ordered. His heart beat fast. He didn’t want her to be in pain like he was. It was so strange to even think of such a thing. “It happens, when you care about someone. When you are close to them,” she told him. “When we were…together, I could feel so much.” Now that she mentioned it, he recalled something similar. The tenderness he had felt for her, the echoes of her heart, her longing. He had felt it for her family, for belonging, and even for him. “I felt it too,” he admitted. She came close and slipped her arms around him, resting her head on his chest. “Isn’t that what you told me, back then?” she asked. “’Don’t be afraid, I feel it too?’” “Yes,” he answered, deep in memory. “I wish it was better,” she said. “I wish I could fix it all.” He chuckled, holding her close. “Like your machines, I suppose.” She laughed a little as well at his analogy before pulling away. “It’ll get better,” she said confidently. He stared at her forlornly, wanting to share in her hope but unable to. She nodded at him once, then headed off to the refresher, presumably to sanisteam. She was everything good. She did make it feel better. Like a patch over a hole. When he was with her, he felt whole again. He wanted to tell her this, somehow explain it. But he didn’t have the words. After her sanisteam, they laid in bed together, not sleeping or talking, simply being together. “Rey,” he whispered, stroking her cheek. She didn’t reply, just laid on his chest with one hand resting there as well. He saw the brush of her open eyelashes, her eyes staring off. His hand softly smoothed her hair back again and again, silently reveling in the privilege. He enjoyed the quiet serenity they held, but he yearned for another moment in which he could see her eyes on his, both lost in everything but each other. The quiet scared him, made him feel unsure. “Rey,” he said again, his voice straining slightly. She moved then, head tilting up. He saw her brow already start to crease as it did when any dark thought passed her mind. He felt her press against his mind, searching his feelings. She must have sought out the seed of doubt, of worry in his mind, because she turned towards him and pushed herself up. He pulled her closer and she kissed him a few times and stroked the edge of his jaw. Fear only rose in him though, so he threaded his fingers through her hair to hold her face close. “Stop,” she said, pressing her lips to his cheek. “Your thoughts are so loud.” He couldn’t help but smile at that, at her little quip at his turbulent emotions. His fingers slackened and released their hold, and she laid down on him and rested her head by his throat. She let her thumb caress the base of his jaw and he closed his eyes, soothed. Her body, slim and warm, felt completely natural against his. “I love you,” he said quietly, and her fingers paused. Just as before, she didn’t reply. Rey Every time he said it, it made him more upset when she didn’t echo his declaration. She knew that she had wanted to say it, but that was before he had hit her. Now, she couldn’t. She didn’t want to love someone she did not trust. She understood him, could feel his emotions and even see inside his mind from time to time. But she would never, ever let someone hurt her like that. She had seen couples like that on Jakku, people who slowly destroyed each other with their violence or simply fell victim to it. It was a hole so hard to get out of. Never, she had vowed, never would she hurt someone she loved like that, and never would she let someone do the same to her. But he did. She knew what had ran through his mind when it happened. She understood. But she would never forget it, and she would not forgive it. All she could try to do now was move past it. And he was set on gaining her trust back. She sighed and brushed her fingers along his jaw, but the action did not ease the muscles there. “I know you do,” she said quietly. “And I’m glad you have patience.” This seemed to take the air out of him, and he just pulled her closer till she was almost on top of him. He was so much to her. And regardless of what had happened, she did love him. It was something she had reluctantly admitted to herself as she had lay on that cot in the workroom, tears still wet on her cheeks. She was in deep now. But she could swim now, and she intended to never sink. Ren He awoke in the night, covered in a sheen of cold sweat. He had dreamed of Rey, in flashes and glimpses of terrifying images. Rey, covered in bruises and hurt and angry. Rey, running away from him down the long, white halls of the Finalizer. He, watching her ship become smaller and smaller in the distance of the stars. Going far, far away. Something about this gave him a strange feeling of familiarity. He remembered something about his grandfather, that he saw glimpses of the future through his dreams. Ren’s immediate thought was to grab Rey and hold her close, and do everything in his power to keep her there. Wasn’t his nightmare one of her departure? Would she get hurt and be bleeding and bruised from leaving? He would never let that happen to her, if he were with her. The only conclusion seemed to be to keep her with him, deal or no deal. He looked over at Rey, sleeping peacefully. Probably dreaming about the island he had seen in her mind, the one she used to imagine to lull herself to sleep. Although she wasn’t the deepest sleeper, Ren was able to lay down and slip his arms around her. He buried his face into her hair, enjoying the clean scent of her. She hummed a bit in her sleep in reaction to his touch, but otherwise did not stir. Ren stayed awake long afterwards, tormenting himself with the memory of his dream and his anxieties about what to do. Part of him was dying to tell Rey, to hear her assurance and hands smoothing his wild hair. But he couldn’t tell her. And he couldn’t let her get hurt like that. She had no idea what she was walking into the moment she left him. ~ Rey The next morning, he was the same as always, with the exception of his kiss goodbye. He left early, with her still in bed. When he came in for their usual goodbye kiss, ordinarily no more than a peck, he instead kissed her deeply and passionately. His hand curled around the back of her neck and was warm. When they both drew back, she must have looked as startled as she felt because a faint smile appeared on his lips. She reached up to hug him close, confused but somehow soothed. His lips came close to her ear and he whispered, “I love you.” In response she let him go and kissed him softly, but sternly said, “You’re coming back, aren’t you?” He cocked an eyebrow at her question. “Yes. We have to board the ship today.” She frowned, but nodded. He ran his finger along her cheek and then turned away, putting on his helmet just before he was out the door. She worked for a while, but then wandered back into the bedroom, unable to focus much. She laid on the floor in the pool of sunshine from the window and watched the dust motes float by. She felt much lighter, knowing that Ren would let her go, that he loved her more than as if she was a toy he kept in his bedroom. She had wondered for so long if he saw her more than a possession. She loved him, despite everything. But did he love her the same way? Now, she had her answer, most likely. But he wasn’t happy. Regardless of how he regarded her, he wanted her with him. She knew that he wanted her on his side, ruling the galaxy beside him. Ren wanted this because it was easy: he wouldn’t be as guilty for what he did outside their relationship, and they would be able to stay together. But he didn’t quite understand. She would never be able to do that, kill and drift to the dark side. It wouldn’t be her anymore. And didn’t he love her as she was? Who she was? None of this did she know how to put into words that he would understand and that she could say without it turning into an argument. It was an endless cycle of peace and war between them. And Rey was so tired of it. She didn’t want to think about this right now, like this. She didn’t want to be unhappy when she had her promise, which had brought such relief. Anything, when thought hard about it, could be tainted. So she closed her eyes and spread out her arms to feel the sun on her skin and thought about better things. Swimming. Food. Forest. Sex. Falling asleep in Ren’s arms. Finding a small flower in the shade of the desert. Ren’s smile, when it wasn’t so cocky. BB-8, rolling his little head towards her sweetly. Finding the last part for her speeder. The way Ren looked at her after they made love. Finn and her, escaping on the Falcon and tasting freedom. Riding with Ren through the forest, almost as good as a speeder. Meeting Han. They went on and on, like snapshots until all she saw inside her eyelids was a morning that Rey had woken up before Ren and was able to watch him sleep. He looked younger, softer, and so, so human. Almost like a child. Softly breathing without a bit of tension in his features. Laying on his chest, his arm draped around her, she was able to see Ren as only a man. A man who used to be a boy, who used to laugh freely and was held in his mother’s arms and imagined fantasies like Rey did. She was almost sorry when he woke up. So lost in her memories and drowsy in the sun, she did not hear Ren come in. Only when he called her name did her eyes open. He stood over her, still clad in his robes and seemingly amused. “What are you doing on the floor?” “Thinking.” He pulled off his robes and sleeves until he was left in a sleeveless shirt with a turtleneck collar. “I thought you might want to take a walk, before it’s time to leave.” “Maybe,” she said from the floor. She had lived outside her life outside, and here on Naboo she had enjoyed recapturing the familiarity of the outdoors. “Hm.” He gingerly sat down next to her, and after a moment she sat up and placed herself in his lap. She leaned back against his chest; he made a good chair, for his back stayed straight and never wavered. His arms came around her and they said nothing for a while. Rey began to imagine a life like that again, except with Ren. A hut outside somewhere. Maybe not even in the desert on Jakku. Perhaps a forest instead. She could come and go as she pleased again, and build a new speeder…she had no idea what Ren would do. Hunt? Angrily chop at trees? Either way, she could see it clearly, almost. She felt a nudge at her mind, and Ren slipped in before she could even stop him. But for once, she didn’t push him out right away. She felt him seek out her thoughts and see the picture she had painted of them. She thought then of them walking, even holding hands, sleeping together, eating together. She lingered on the image of them walking together underneath a canopy of trees, and she suddenly felt him withdraw fast from her mind. He leaned his head down to rest his forehead on her shoulder, as if he was troubled. She took his hand and waited for him to overcome whatever emotion was overwhelming him. “Is that what you want?” He abruptly asked her, voice low. She blinked. “I guess so,” she admitted. “I like the idea of a home.” He paused. “With me?” She nodded, silent. He sighed and lifted his head enough to kiss her shoulder blade. “Someday, love.” She turned to look at his face, his dark eyes tortured. “Someday?” She asked, not wanting to hope for something so…impossible. “Someday.” We just have to beat them first, she thought. Or at least convince Kylo of his good. He did want to be with her, maybe that would help convince him. She leaned her head up to let her eyes trace his jawline. “What’s wrong?” She asked him. He shook his head, melancholy. He glanced down at her and must have seen her disappointment, for he replied, “Let’s go.” Rey decided a final walk would be alright. They went through the usual ritual of him putting on his mask and them walking far enough away until took it off again. They climbed a tree and looked out, and he watched as she collected all different kinds of leaves, putting them in his empty helmet to store them. From his perch on a large rock, he observed her. “Why do you insist on this?” He asked. “I’ve never seen so many different kinds of leaves,” she replied. He watched, jealous as she climbed a rocky cliff with ease. She silently gloated from the top, looking down at him. “Come back,” he growled. “Maybe I’ll run away,” she teased. His expression grew dark and with reluctant regret, she quickly climbed down and landed in front of him. “Came back,” she said expectantly. But he just tilted his dark head at her and they went off on their way. She coaxed him into walking around the lake, and he taught her how to skip stones. It was just like tossing drive disks, she realized. But somehow his still went farther. He insisted on carrying her on his back as they headed back. She clung to his neck and leaf-filled helmet as they returned in the dying light. They boarded the Finalizer shortly after dusk. Rey’s sorrow was so great that it cleary upset Ren. But she didn’t feel like explaining that walking onto the ship was like walking into a dark, metal hell. She had loved the sun and the wind and the soft grasses of Naboo. She and Ren had had their best times there. Not without one of the worst, but still. The moment the cold, manufactured air of the Finalizer hit her face, Rey felt something inside her wilt. Ren took her back to the old apartment and he took a lot of care in placing her collected leaves and a few stones from Naboo on the table in the sitting area. She ignored it though, going straight to the window in the bedroom to catch a last glimpse of the planet. Rey knew that Ren wanted to comfort her, but she just wanted to be left alone. He must have sensed it, for he left her shortly after to do whatever crap commanders of murderers do. When he returned, she was in bed. “Are you hungry?” he asked, but she shook her head. She just wanted to lie there and forget. Ren slid into bed and cuddled her quietly for a long while, and she was grateful for his understanding. Her body laid in the crook of his perfectly. She suspected that he too was sad to leave. But before she consented to getting up for a meal, she examined his feelings and found out that there was something deeper there, something more than just sorrow. Something he was hiding. ~ Ren He wondered if she thought he was sulking. If she did, she didn’t act like it. He held on to her tighter, wanted her closer, and was demanding. But she was still the same. But even though she tried to hide it, he knew she was bothered by something. Rey sorted her leaves and drew them, worked on and completed a disc that hovered and supported her weight, causing her to zoom around and fall off, getting a large bruise on her arm. But at night she tossed in her sleep, her face scrunched up and tensed. “Rey,” he murmured to her one night as she yet again turned in her sleep. “It’s alright. I'm here, love.” She mumbled something and sighed. He turned her towards him and buried his face into her neck. He hadn’t slept much since his frightful dream, because when he slept it usually reappeared. So he laid awake, thinking. He couldn’t let her go, he couldn’t be alone again. Lost in his thoughts, focusing only on the swirl of the darkness. She was his family, she was something to hold on to. Without her he couldn’t control himself. He felt more, but somehow…he had a better hold on it. He felt things with her that he hadn’t had in years. Something in him relaxed when he was with her. He needed her. But yet…he knew she was unhappy, restless. It hurt him to see her at the window, hand on the glass like a bird in a cage. Somehow, she looked unnatural in his world of sleek metal and glass. He never told his master, but he knew, deep down, that she would never turn. She was steel, never breaking or even bending. Rey was truly that: a ray of light. The only way she would darken would be in death. And yet, he loved her. Irony. Going against Snoke would be like going against nature. And Ren wasn’t sure Snoke didn’t already know what he would do. But he knew that this failure could possibly be his last—The dark side didn’t forgive. If only she could give him something. If he had the map, if he had something to show Snoke that would make his presence more valuable. Ren picked up Rey’s softly curled fingers and placed them on his cheek. What he felt for her was stronger than anything else so often now. His thoughts, so crazy and frightening, could only be calmed by her words. But she would leave, and he would be unable to resist the dark call. She doesn’t care about you, she just wants to be free of you. She will leave and never come back, never let you touch her again, never return your love. She will never forgive you. She will hate you, find someone else, someone better, someone with control and power that you don’t have. You are not good enough, you will never be good enough, you will never be free of this torture. You will be forced to walk with one foot each side, burned by each until you die. Torn apart and discarded for your weaknesses. “Ren?” Her voice jolted him out of his head, where he had been drowning. His eyes opened to meet her hazel ones, and he realized that he was shaking. She reached out to wind her arms around him and pull him close. “Why are you so angry?” She asked, voice still thick with sleep. “I’m sorry I woke you,” he replied, but too much loathing seeped into his voice. “You’re in pain.” “I cannot tell you.” She pulled back, expression fierce and brow drawn. “Why?” His eyes slid to the side, and he didn’t respond. He wouldn’t hurt her with his need, and he refused to let her know of the way his weakness plagued him. “Tell me.” He shook his head, realizing too late that even her presence cannot save him from this curse. He wished he hadn’t woken her, but she was so force-sensitive. So gently, he pushed her away. “Go back to sleep. I need to do something.” He pulled on his shirt. She was upset, and it pained him. “You’re going to go talk to that stupid helmet.” He hated that she knew, that she had seen his memories of that. She didn't know how much he needed his grandfather. How much he needed his guidance. “I need to find peace. I just want to be free of this pain.” “You won’t in the dark.” He turned to her, his beautiful, amazing girl, sitting in the bed they shared and currently glaring at him. “You know what I am.” “It doesn’t mean I don’t wish it was different.” She wiped her hand across her eyes furiously, and he almost relented. “I’m sorry,” he said sincerely before pulling on his helmet. She didn’t understand, and he didn’t want her to. She must never realize the dark nature of his struggle. Notes: Thank you all so, so much! Comments are the best and feed my dark soul. Get ready and fasten your seatbelts, because this story is about to take you for a ride. I'm gonna try and keep updating regularly, but school is going so it's a little harder. Chapter 11 : Chapter 11 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Rey They didn't speak much. Ren had slid into bed hours later, jarring Rey from her sleep. She didn't move, forcing her breathing to be slow and natural. She didn't want to fight anymore. He had crept close before kissing her temple and then retreating to the other side of the bed. If he knew she was awake, he did not say anything. Back's facing each other, they lay curled and apart like two lonely, dead leaves. With unease, Rey realized that soon she would be sleeping alone, truly alone, again. Ren issued no apology to her, darkness still clinging close to pale skin. They walked silently to the training room, side by side but with dead air between them. Just as Rey was trying to figure out what to say to him the sound of an alarm rang out, blaring through the steel hallways. Ren stiffened and turned, his black banded arm coming out to sweep Rey to the side of the corridor. The few troopers in the area began racing, following some unheard command. A glance at Ren's mask told her nothing. "What is it?" She asked, low. At first he did not answer, only slipping his hand to her back, drawing her closer to his body. She frowned and shifted from foot to foot. "Ren?" "Breach in security," he answered, voice disguised by the mask. "Ships approaching." Whatever he report he had heard in his mask had him scared. She had seen glimpses of fear, but this was different. And whatever his fear was, it was directed at her. There was the sound of footsteps approaching, fast. Rey strained towards the sound, but soon enough a stormtrooper came into view, his large, colored shoulder armor indicating his rank. Ren shifted forward, almost protectively as the trooper approached. “Sir! Rebels have bypassed the fourth wing’s shield and are loose! They bypassed our system and sent out a false order that led many of the guards away from the wing shortly after they landed.” A breath was sucked in sharply as Rey realized that her friends had come back. They were here to stop Starkiller and this was her chance . She tensed and immediately posed for flight. But as she began to bolt, Ren grabbed her arm before she was more than a few steps away. “I know. Get all available soldiers to cover the exits. And I want people around that ship. Do not let them escape!” Ren ordered, and the storm trooper fled. Rey pulled harshly against his arm. “Let me go. You know I couldn’t stay here forever!” She was desperate, desperate for him to understand. She cared—god, she loved him—but she was a trapped bird. He was too, but she couldn’t stay with him just because he was stuck. Justice, and her loyalty to her friends, that called to her. She could never be happy with Ren here. “So quick you are to leave, without a second thought," he replied, his mask not able to conceal his bitterness. He pulled her into an alcove and with his free hand, ripped off his mask. Automatically she relaxed before she saw the fear she had sensed in his eyes. “I told you I couldn’t stay here. I could never serve the First Order. You promised, Ren.” He gripped her tighter, pulled her closer. “You’re not serving them. I’m training you, don’t you want to be stronger?” She shook her head, lips pressed tight. “You work in the dark side of the force. I will never turn to that, Ren. I’ll train—“ She paused, not wanting to say it. His eyes narrowed. “With Luke Skywalker? He’s nothing compared to what I can do, what I can teach you!” She didn’t have time, she knew that her chances were slipping away. She gazed up at him and swallowed. “I don’t want to leave you, but you will not come with me. If you walk this path, I can’t stay with you. I know you care, and you know the dark side is not the right one.” He scoffed and looked away, but she grabbed onto him as well, forcing his attention back. “You told me you loved me. If you meant that, you will let me go. You promised. I must do what is right, even if you can’t.” Ren looked completely wrought, but he touched her cheek softly. “You’ll leave me right here, right now?” Rey hesitated, and he gripped her tighter as if he could encourage her uncertainty. But slowly, she nodded. He released her and stepped back, but there was a panic in her eyes that made her uneasy. “Tell me where you are going. Tell me where Luke is,” he said. Immediately Rey’s eyes narrowed. “You know I won’t tell you.” “I need to know. Trust me.” She shook her head again. “I care about you…I love you. But I don’t trust you, Ren. You would do whatever is necessary to get what you want.” He stepped close again and gazed at her intensely. “I want you.” She raised her chin to look into his eyes. “I know what you want more.” He frowned and then leaned down to kiss her deeply. She gripped onto him and let him hold her close before they both ran out of air. She held his face close to hers as if to remember it. “You can’t escape destiny,” he replied, pained and tortured. "I've seen things, terrible things. It's not safe, if you leave..." He paused, a strange look on his face. “Rey...I can’t let you go.” Her stomach sank as she realized she couldn’t convince him. That his fear was much more than his trust—almost like hers. “Even the force cannot predict everything,” she added, feeling the darkness grow inside him, bitter and breathless. Overwhelming. She was scared now, not that he would hurt her, but that he would imprison her. He had promised, damn it! Yet when faced with it, he could not go through with it. Damn him. Her heart pounded crazily, the alarms making her ears ring. She felt her pulse pound against her skin and tried to think clearly. There was only one thing to do, just one way she knew how to handle this. “Ren,” she said, only hesitating for a moment. She reached up, as if to kiss him, and very gently went to touch her lips to his in the most tender of kisses. But as they kissed, she focused and narrowed the force as much as she could before letting it strike out against his mind. She had meant to put him into sleep, as he had once done to her, but her power was not strong or refined enough—he staggered back as if hit, confusion and bewilderment written all over his features. Although not entirely successful, it was enough to daze Ren enough for a getaway. “I love you,” she croaked, overcome by the swell of emotion. He gaped, a hand on his head and he grabbed onto the sterling railing to keep upright. His lips formed her name, but no sound emerged. She backed up a few steps, cautiously, and he called again. “Rey!” Her back turned, she knew that there were only a few moments before troopers would follow her. “Rey!” His voice broke, heartbroken, and she paused, but just for a moment before taking off at a run, really set to leave this time. Breaking one of the cords that had connected them, leaving it trailing and floating in the air, reaching for her. But only a moment afterward she heard his voice echo through the dark hallway, bouncing after her through the blare of alarms; “Fine! Run, Rey! We’ll see if you can even escape from here!” His words chilled her to the bone, for she recognized the voice of Kylo, not Ren. Ren Gone. She was gone. S he had left him. Pain tore through his sternum up to his addled min, courtesy of Rey. A farewell gift from his beloved, he thought bitterly as he struggled to jam his helmet back on. When his hands shook too much to put it on correctly, he threw it against the wall in rage. Ignoring the dent he had made, he pressed his forehead to the wall, trying to focus and drive her influence from his mind. Master! Master...I need your guidance... The supreme leader would help him. Even as his mind grew clearer, the pain increased. He couldn't breathe and his thoughts raced. His chest was too tight, his breaths too fast. ReyReyReyRey ReyReyReyRey ... A chill fell over him, numbing the pain somewhat for a moment. Ren, you let her go. "No, master," Ren whispered. "She used the force." She is barely trained! You should have been able to resist her! Ren shook his head, eyes closing as his forehead slid against the cool metal. "She is powerful, so powerful...more than you could imagine," he said softly, almost to himself more than to his master. You have done nothing but displayed your weakness once more, Ren. You must eliminate the compassion you feel. You know what you must do. "Compassion..." He whispered, his voice breaking. "I'm not strong enough. I need the darkness." Then prove it. Show me your devotion. Cut your bonds. Ren opened his pitch eyes, the darkness settling in his chest, a different kind of passion and power overflowing and destroying everything else. "Yes, Master." Rey She crept around every corner, trying to focus her feelings so she could locate her friends. However, her entire being was in turmoil. Ren—she already missed Ren. Her grief over leaving and the stupid, unreasonable guilt she felt warped her focus. But, fear, pure fear of the mechanical voice of a killer and the thought of a metal ceiling for a sky steadied her. Finn, she just had to find Finn. She realized now that she was lucky Ren had begun teaching her—attempting this escape without the small basics she had learned would have been all but impossible it seemed. She felt that something familiar was near—and it wasn’t Ren, she knew the feeling of him better than her own childhood. She was near it, but it wasn’t left or right. It was above. She ran towards what she felt was the center until she got to a large cavern with a few bridges and no floor—just a huge pit. Scanning it hurriedly as she sensed a few troopers nearing, she grabbed hold of a large metal piece and swung herself down. Climbing a bit further down was easy, second nature. Before she had become a bit cleverer with a rope, she had been forced to scavenge only what she could reach in the giant ships. So she learned to climb. True her muscles were sore and groaned with misuse, but it was familiar. Finding a switch, she found the latch and crawled inside it, waiting for it to take her to the other side. She had been just by a hangar; a place she knew Ren would look first. But if her friends were here, she would bet a million portions that they got here on the Falcon. It deposited her on the other side, and she climbed up. After finding her footing and a clear hallway, she stole down it until suddenly she came face to face with Finn. She gasped and stumbled back, both relieved and shocked. She must not have been focusing on them to sense them. And suddenly doubt gripped her. What if they hadn’t come back for her? What if they had merely come to destroy Starkiller? “Are you alright?” Han asked, and she nodded, realizing that he and Chewie were flanking Finn. “Yeah,” She said, almost gruffly. Han gave her a once over and nodded before turning away, but Rey’s attention was turned back to Finn, who touched her arm. “What happened?” Finn whispered urgently, dark eyes full of worry. “Did he hurt you?” He. Ren. Memory flashed before her eyes, clouding them for a moment. “What are you doing here?” She asked, avoiding the question completely. Finn looked a little surprised. “We came back for you.” Chewie tossed in a whine. “It was his idea.” Rey looked to Finn's warm brown eyes, something inside her melting. They had come back for her. They cared. They still wanted her. Impatiently, Finn asked what Chewie had said, and Rey translated, awe still in her eyes. Emotion, mainly relief and compassion, overcame her in one swift blow. She threw her arms around Finn gratefully and felt him press his smile into her shoulder. “How did you get away?” Oh god, another loaded question. She wanted to tell him everything, wanted to share everything that had happened with someone, just to make it all real. But she couldn’t, not now. “I can’t explain it. You wouldn’t believe it,” she said. Ren, the Force. It was too much for a few words. She had been afraid, so afraid. She had Ren, but she had felt so alone and detached from everyone else. But they had come back for her. “I’ll always come back.” She shook her head as if to dispel Ren’s memory from her for this moment, just so she could focus. She couldn’t get all emotional here—They needed to get off this damn planet. Han echoed this sentiment. “Escape now, hug later,” he ordered, his voice not taking any rebuttals. They broke off into two groups. Rey and Finn ran to mess with the controls in order to open the doors for them to head to the center. Han had explained that they needed to place the explosives in the main beams in order to truly destroy Starkiller, for the detonator had not been destroyed. They had to go outside to meet up with Han and Chewie. Without her even saying anything, Finn shrugged off Poe’s jacket and made her wear it. “I’m fine,” she protested, but he gave her a hard stare. “You’re from Jakku, and you’re telling me you won’t be cold? Bullshit.” He had called her bluff and she accepted that. Once they were outside, she took a moment to gape out at the snow that swirled around them. So much white, and all of it floating down almost gracefully. She wished that like the rain, she could have truly gone out and embraced it, cold and all. But they were on a mission. They climbed up and up, and just as they opened the door, Rey began to feel dread. Something was terribly, terribly, wrong. They entered and were up high on a ledge. Finn looked across and around, but Rey looked down, immediately spotting what had become a most familiar figure. Ren. And across from him, Han. Oh no. Oh, she could feel the anger in Ren, feel how he was almost out of control. He wasn’t raging outside, but inside, he was slipping. She reached out and understood with the smallest glimpse: he saw Han as taking her away; a negligent father stripping his son of something else he desired. Leaving him alone once more. No, no, no, it wasn’t Han! She had done this, she had triggered that abandonment again. Why was he going after Han, then? It was her, and damn it, Ren's choices were what made her want to leave! But Ren’s clouded mind wouldn’t see that. Ren reached up and pressed the release for his helmet, stripping it off and dropping it to the floor of the bridge. He hadn’t even seemed to notice her or Finn, only focused on his father. Both Han and Chewie’s emotions spiked when Ren removed his helmet, and Rey suddenly realized that this was the first time in a long time that they had seen his face. Were they surprised how he had grown? Could they possibly see the tortured gentleness in his eyes as she did? “Your son is dead,” Ren cast out, words laced with venom. “He was foolish, like his father.” Rey felt her face contort. Did Ren feel how it bit Han? Did he feel the well of sadness and guilt, of pure longing and love that seemed to pour out of the old man suddenly, like as if the face of his son had uncapped something untouched? Han edged closer, and they spoke more. Rey’s heart pounded faster as she heard Han coaxing his son, trying so hard to do what she had also attempted. But he couldn’t sense the storm in Ren, the pain and anger that exuded from him. It screamed danger. Rey’s mind buzzed loudly, her body was paralyzed. Han said something, but only Ren’s response came through. “I’m being torn apart,” he admitted. She heard how his voice shook. “I want to be free of this pain.” That rang a bell in her head, one as loud as the alarms had earlier. He had said that before. “I need peace. I want to be free of this pain.” But he had not sought her help. He had sought the dark side. Ren was convinced that the way to be of pain was the dark side. “No!” She screamed. Han turned around swiftly to look up at her, and Ren did as well. His hand, which had gone to his hip where his saber lay, hovered. “Ren, don’t!” She yelled, scrambling over the bar. Finn hissed at her and tried to grab her so she could not descend, but she eluded him. Chewie gave a loud whine that caused Han to back up from his son, sensing the unease. “Rey,” Ren said, voice dark and low. "Kid, go on," Han hissed. "He's my son." She got to the edge of the bridge and beckoned Han back, keeping her eyes on the tall, dark knight. "I know," She told Han. "But he's not right now." Han gaped at her, then to his son and back again. Rey pushed past him when he didn't move. “You are not going to do this,” she said to the man across from her, trying to put a little force into her words. Ren gave a bitter laugh. “You know better,” he said softly, sensing her effort. His head tilted as he took her in with his eyes. "You're wearing his jacket," he added, his voice growing louder. Behind her, Han moved then, drawing into the shadows but not far enough to truly leave Rey behind. “Will you kill us all, then?” She asked Ren, but this only made him angrier. “I’ll kill every last one of them,” he hissed, omitting her completely from the statement. “You, you are coming with me!” He lunged for her, but with a roar Chewie pulled the release on his bow and fired a blast to Ren’s side. It only grazed him, something Rey suspected was in purpose, but it harmed him enough for him to groan out and grasp his side. The blast ignited the charges they had placed, destroying the detonator with a huge explosion. “Go!” She heard Finn yell, but both she and Han hesitated. Rey stared at the man she loved, who was gasping in pain of both the body and the mind, her being screaming to help him. “Kid,” she heard, a desperate voice full of agony belonging to Han. His face, wrinkled and pained showed that he felt as much if not more than she did about leaving him. “We’ve got to go,” he urged. Rey looked back at Ren, who's eyes held an unfamiliar gleam. "Rey," he gasped. "I have to. I have to." “He'll be fine,” Han added with a choked voice and Rey nodded. Throat thick, she backed a few steps then turned to really leave Ren again. Notes: Ah, Starkiller. Let the pain begin. After Starkiller, we branch out entirely from TFA, so I'm excited/anxious about that! I'll be doing my best to reply to comments for the rest of the week, thanks for all your support and patience! You guys make writing this even better. Chapter 12 : Chapter 12 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Rey They ran into the freezing snow, but Han paused. "I'm waiting for Chewie," he yelled and shoved his blaster into Rey's hands. "Go to the Falcon!" Finn nodded and grabbed Rey's hand, pulling her towards the forest on the edge of the clearing. Once they reached the dark, needled trees, they slowed. "It's here," Finn said breathlessly. "I think." They both looked around, him pulling her deeper into the trees. Just as they paused again, a crack of a branch resounded around them. Rey turned faster than Finn, her eyes immediately catching that same, endless gaze. "We're not finished yet," Ren snarled, the sharp angles of his face tight and angry . His lightsaber was drawn, casting purple shadows over the blue-darkened snow. Rey swallowed, her emotions spilling all over each other . What light Ren had held was indistinguishable. "You're being a monster!" She yelled. Was she irrational for being angry at Ren for taking away the man he loved by giving into the darkness? His eyes wouldn't leave hers. "It's just us now," he breathed. Bitterly, he added, "Han Solo can't save you." Rey's breath caught as she watched his blood, red and hot, fall into the snow. His thick black garments hid how badly he was injured, soaking most of the blood up. She wondered if he even noticed himself. He held out his hand, but instinctvly Rey shot the blaster to stop him from using the Force. However, she missed. "Stop!" Finn screamed, pushing himself in front of her, and Ren's eyes narrowed. Suddenly Rey was swept off her feet and pushed up and away into a nearby tree. Pain shot through her head, and she did not even feel the fall. Ren What had he done? She wasn't moving. In his wrath, he had forgotten the trees. He had meant to remove her so he could kill the traitor, not hurt her. And now the traitor, FN-2187, was putting up a fight with a lightsaber he had recognized immediately. Grandfather's. Fueling his rage into his strikes, he easily struck down the traitor with a hard strike to his shoulder. Feeling a distinct pain in his chest and his side he turned away to pound on it, willing the pain to go away even as it blinded his vision for a moment. He began to walk towards Rey only to hear the traitor get up again. The image of Rey in his mind, crumpled in the snow, the anger of his failure to kill his father, and the nerve of this insignifigant man all pounded in his mind. His strikes grew more careless and less refined, but he still managed to beat FN-2187 back against a tree. However a lean to the sign caused his side to scream out in pain, and he missed the traitor's ugly neck. Ren ground his teeth to hold back an enraged scream. No more of this. He disarmed the other man with a few clever strikes and then as he fell, drew his lightsaber up his back to his head. He fell to the snow, his dark skin shining with blood and burn. Now that he had rid himself of the pest , he went for his grandfather's lightsaber. But it wasn't working, the Force was too hard to control now with the pain shooting through him. He felt the chill of the wind against his sweat slicked face. He focused and tried again, but was momentarily distracted by a spike of energy behind him. In that moment the saber flew out of the snow, but instead of landing into his outsretched palm it flew past him right into another's: Rey's. Somehow she was alright. Even her eyes were clear. With utter relief and disbelief, he gazed at her as she ignited the saber and held it with a familiar stance. Fear shown in her eyes, glowing blue from the light of the saber. "Rey," he murmured. "Rey." Her stare did not change at all. "You promised," she uttered. "And you lied to me." He liked his lips. "You know how it feels, Rey," he shouted. "To be abandoned. How can you do this to me?" Her eyes narrowed. "Don't you dare," she ground out through clenched teeth. She rushed forward, and he ignited his saber to block her strike. "Don't you dare use that against me!" But the ugliness, the venom in his chest would not stop. "You don't love me," he yelled, striking back. "Or you would not leave me like this!" She struck again and again out of anger, he could tell. "Your fear tells you that!" She replied . "That's the dark side!" The whole ground was shaking, trembling beneath his boots. There were no tricks now; even with such little training, she was already a fierce competitor. The pain in his throbbing side tore away at his concentration, but again and again he swung out to pursue her, knocking down any tree or rock in his path. The ground became more and more unstable, and they went right up to the edge of a deep, dark chasm. "Rey!" He shouted. "You need a teacher. You need me! ! I can show you the ways of the force!" For a moment she looked confused, snowflake laced eyelashes fluttering as she blinked against the light of their crossed sabers. In one dizzying, quiet moment, Ren once more noticed how beautiful she was. She was so good, so good. He felt her, as close as they had been before. Their connection hummed with life, warming his chest and easing the pain for just a bit. Her eyes were wide, reflecting the harsh light like a mirror. "The force..." She whispered, dark strands of hair brushing against her pink lips. Lips he had kissed. But then something dawned on her and she steeled. "I...don't...need... anyone! " She screamed, pushing back against his saber and then sliding down to duck his saber. Whatever connection they had held was lost, shredded. Ren screamed gutterly in rage and pain, his disbelief smacking him in the face. She couldn't mean that. He bent over to try and stop the blistering breaths he took, but something inside him tore as he heard her regain her footing. He spun, quickly, just in time to block a deft swing. It was she pursuing him now, and before he knew it she had him in the leg. He cried out and knelt into the snow, the sound of his own haggard breathing echoing around them. Rey circled him, unwilling to strike while he was down. His warrior girl, so fierce with her wild eyes and gnashing teeth, yet still so moral. The wound she had dealt herself hurt him so, but it was nothing compared to the ache in his chest. "Rey," He managed, blinking against the wet snow. " I need you." She stared, shoulders heaving, and shook her head. "You're a fool," She snapped, voice breaking. A trickle of water glistened on her cheek. "You're a fool if you think I need you." Ren did not move, did not breathe. He couldn't, he hadn't the slightest idea how. A huge shock of pain suddenly coursed through his body, forcing him to draw a shuddered, gasping breath. His eyes closed in the pain, and it was in the darkness of himself and his pain that he was finally able to concentrate. There was almost nothing but darkness now, only rage and a sliver of pure need . His eyes snapped open and he stumbled up, trying for one last blow, one last attempt to stop her. She swung faster, better. He had taught her well. She struck up catching his shoulder and then a large slash across his face. He fell to the ground with a deep roar, and the earth itself began to move . From his position on his back, he turned his head and watched as the planet split in two right between them, almost as if the force itself had carved it. "Rey," he mouthed as he watched her stumble back. Her face blurred and he saw her hesitate. Then darkness overtook him. Rey They had escaped aboard the Falcon. As the earth split open, Han and Chewie had found her sobbing over the unconscious Finn and helped them aboard. "Don't cry, Rey. I'll take good care of him." Chewie said after they jumped into hyperspace. "I owe him one for my arm, remember?" Rey nodded and wiped her wet face off on her arm. Tendrils of her damp hair were all stuck to her face, and she felt like she was going to fall apart. "You're shaking," Han said, and handed her a small flask. "Drink." Rey cursed inwardly and grabbed the flask. She didn't need to smell it to know that it was going to burn going down. "I'm fine," she told him and handed back the flask. She headed back to where Chewie was fussing over Finn but Han followed her. "What happened while you were trapped there?" Han asked. "What did he—what did they, I mean..." "Nothing," Rey inturrupted , and sat down at the table. Han stared at her for a moment, a frown set into his wrinkles. "Nothing happened," Rey repeated, but even she heard the tremor in her voice. A flash of Ren's face, bewildered and pink from the cold sprung into her mind and her heart thudded. Han nodded and rubbed his stubbled cheek for a moment. "There's nothing more. He needs help," Chewie said, and Rey's eyes snapped to where Finn laid. "We'll be there soon," Han replied. Rey brushed past the two to go and hold Finn's hand. She saw again the damage Ren had done, still gleaming with fresh blood. "Hold on," she whispered, her stomach tensing. "Just hold on a little longer." ~ When they arrived, Finn was taken away immediately to medical. Rey was shocked at the huge crowd that greeted them. But even more so at the woman who lead them; a short but strong looking woman with a sharp gaze, a majestic air, and braided hair. She and Han locked eyes and Han exhaled strangely. Surely that meant that the woman must be—had to be!— Leia Organa, twin sister of Luke Skywalker. Rey’s suspicion was correct, for Han gave her a rough pat forward and introduced her. “Kid, this is Leia. Or rather, General Organa,” he scoffed. Leia gazed sharply at him before sweeping forward to take Rey’s hand. “Leia will be fine. I’ve heard much about you, Rey.” Rey tried to shake the star s truck feeling she had. Leia, described to be a dark haired beauty, was still just as beautiful as Rey had imagined. What caught her though, were her mesmerizing dark eyes, ones that were just like her son’s. A pang hit Rey’s heart hard, startling her. Leia’s eyes, which had been examining Rey’s, softened. “Are you alright?” She asked. “Are you hurt?” Ha n interjected quickly, “She said she was ok, wouldn’t let us do anything about tho se bruises. " Rey wrenched her hand from Leia’s t o self consciously rub at the place Ren's hand had gripped her . “ It's nothing. ” To her confusion, Leia and Han exchanged a worried look. “Let’s get a medical team over here,” Leia called, but Rey immediately began to protest. “I’ve already been doctored, I swear. I j ust, is there any way —“ She just wanted to get away from all these people. It had been a warp ride of a day, and she had been in the sole company of one person for months. The crowd was unnerving to her senses. Leia seemed to sense this. “Come with me, then, Rey. I’m sure you’d like to rest, but I’d like to ask you a few questions in private. The team is more for this old man anyways. ” Han huffed and Rey nodded . Leia had already begun to part the crowd to head toward the large base building. Han waved her off when she began to say something, so she merely followed Leia, who led them into a building of dark silver halls. The base was elegant by no means, but instead was full of wires and doors. It was like a maze. They stepped into a turbolift and went up. “You built this all yourselves?” Rey asked. Leia smiled a little. “We have before, but this used to be an old senator’s house. Most of our quarters are what we’ve added on underground, but the original structure’s rooms have been converted into meeting rooms and labs.” Rey nodded, adrenaline already making her heart pick up at the thought of being there, on a resistance base. Han had mentioned that she would probably get her own room. Like she belonged, instantly , into this overwhelming but exciting chaos. Leia led her into a room with a large wall of round, bubbled windows. Evening sunlight streamed onto the furnishings, which were light and sparse. A couch and chairs didn’t match, but were all made of a thick, pretty material that Rey had never seen before. The room, so unlike Ren’s, was filled with light and pale colors. Leia motioned for her to sit as she went to grab the teleprompter on a table. “I was lucky to be granted this room, above grounds. It’s not the safest place, but I like it.” “It’s beautiful,” Rey said. The warmth and light reminded her of Jakku , a little. She stood still, forgetting to sit. “Come,” Leia said, retrieving the tray of food and drink she had ordered from the tablet. She sat down on the couch and Rey obliged, cautiously sitting next to her as she tried not to stare hungrily at the bread and unfamiliar fruits before her. “Eat; you must be hungry,” Leia urged. Rey began eating without embarrassment, but did try to check her manners. Leia’s eyes watched her over a cup of hot liquid that tasted delightfully tart to Rey. Leia waited politely until Rey began to slow down. “Tell me what happened, if you can. Finn told us that he saw Kylo Ren carry you to his ship.” Rey nodded, putting down the piece of bread she had been chewing on. “He used the Force to knock me unconscious, when I woke up I was strapped to a weird chair. He was there too.” She stopped, remembering it all too clearly. Ren’s cruelty, the coldness in his eyes. Leia mistook her pause for one of trauma. “I know it’s hard, but every detail is important.” Rey shook her head. “He tried to get in my head to find the map, but I pushed him out.” “You pushed him out? With the Force?” Leia uttered, unable to disguise the shock in her voice. Rey nodded, lips pressing together tightly. “ I didn't...I didn't know I could. I then used it to trick a Stormtrooper, and I almost escaped. But Ren caught me. And after that, I was kept in his apartment, where I couldn’t escape. Since I could use the force.” Leia nodded, wordless, but her tense expression spoke volumes. Rey couldn’t imagine saying what happened after that, so impulsively, she noted; “Your eyes are just lik e his. I mean, his eyes are just like yours.” Rey wished she knew things like that; if only she could even remember what her parents looked like. Leia’s eyes widened. “You know…he is my son?” She paused. “He…told you?” Rey’s cheeks pinked, but she nodded. Leia stared at the girl for a long moment before asking, “And he kept you…in his personal quarters?” Rey nodded again, watching Leia’s face change. She waited, unsure what to say and instead squeezed the bread in her hand as if testing the crust. “Rey,” Leia began hesitantly. “I want to apologize for my son.” Rey bit her lip, but it seemed that Leia only grew more concerned. “He hurt you?” Rey fought against her embarrassment. Leia leaned forward, the sun catching her braided hair so that it seemed it was threaded with silver. “I mean, yes, but, after a while…” She paused, and Leia nodded, her dark eyes—just like her sons—fixated on Rey’s. She tried to continue; “He and I…we…” She couldn’t do it. Why did she have to tell Ren’s mother that they had had sex and now…loved each other? Rey didn’t like thinking about it all herself. “It’s very important that you tell me what happened,” Leia said. “He’s never kept anyone for so long without killing them.” Rey licked her lips and looked down at her lap and decided to try and just start from the beginning again . “ B ecause I could use the force so strongly…he put me in his room. In a room, in his apartment. So I couldn’t escape again. He wouldn’t kill me, because he wanted the map.” Leia’s face was stone, but her eyes were sharp. If she felt any pain at hearing about this, she masked it well. “He tried hard to torture it out of me,” Rey said, voice low. “I wouldn’t give in. So then, we made a deal.” “A deal?” Leia interjected, leaning back. Rey nodded. “I would allow him to train me…in basic things, not the dark side…and he would stop tormenting me.” Leia nodded slowly, but said nothing. Rey swallowed and inhaled deeply. “It was strange, but better…but then, he pushed me too hard in training, and I got hurt. I was out for a few days, and when I woke up he was there, and I was in his bed. He kind of…watched over me. Like he was worried.” She clenched her hands together in a big fist. “It was like he was different….and then …” She couldn’t do it. She wouldn’t do it. “H e…kissed me.” Leia inhaled sharply. “Rey,” she suddenly said. “Did he take advantage of you?” It was too late; Rey knew she was flushed with horrible embarrassment. “No, I mean…We… did but… ” Leia’s voice lowered. “ Rey, please. I must know. Did he force himself on you ?” As Rey looked at the woman, she realized that this wasn’t the General Leia Organa asking anymore. It was a mother, fearing the worst about her son. Her hard set jaw conveyed how tense she was and how much she didn’t want to think or believe that her son would do what she was asking about. Rey tried to say something right away to assuage the woman’s fears, but it came out as a croak. “It was…consensual. He didn’t, he wouldn’t…do that.” Leia’s eyes were full of pain, completely exposed now as she sank into the couch’s back . “He manipulated you.” That hurt . I t was exactly what Rey had worried about. But she had felt it, she had felt what he had felt. “No, it was…I saw his mind, I felt what he felt. He and I feel…the same.” Leia said nothing for a long moment, but then Re y felt a subtle swell from her. Leia concealed herself well, but it felt like her emotions were almost as strong as Kylo’s . For a moment, s he felt a strong, strong surge of longing. But then she refocused, trying to feel Leia’s emotions closely. But after a moment, the woman’s dark eyes flashed to Rey’s, and Rey felt a steel wall come up, leaving her numb, almost as if she was alone. “I see,” Leia said simply, and Rey shifted, uncomfortable. After a minute, she asked, “You’re certain?” Rey nodded, the bundle of hair brushing her neck softly as her eyes darted up and then away from the older woman. She had never been in a conversation this uncomfortable. Leia, sitting back, suddenly looked much older than before. She gazed at Rey as if trying to see inside her, not with the Force but with her gaze. Rey’s brow furrowed and she burst out, “He wasn’t the same as before. It was like he was a different person.” Frustrated she leaned her head on her hand and said, “He was still the same stubborn, selfish, rash, emotional mess, but he was gentle and caring.” Leia’s features were sharp and almost fascinated. “And how exactly do you feel ?” Red again, Rey stammered, “He’s just, I mean, I feel…” She couldn’t get out the words. “He told me that he…loved…me.” “You care about Ben,” Leia said, softer this time. Rey nodded, throat swelling. She looked down, and realized she was alone, alone here just as she had been before. She had gotten so used to being with Ren, and now she was in completely new place without him. “I know how you feel,” Leia suddenly said. “Y our emotions are strong; you have no home or family . He was someone who made you feel rooted in something. You want to be as free and independent as you were, but yet …” Rey swallowed hard, warmth spreading throughout her, turning her into liquid. “It’s hard,” she said, voice cho king . Leia reached out to her and folded her into her arms. Rey leaned onto the strong woman’s shoulder and pressed her teary eyes into the woman’s wool vest. A soothing hand pressed into her back as Rey inhaled the scent of pine. “You’ re strong. You ’ll learn,” Leia said, pressing the younger’s head into her shoulder. Rey pulled away after a moment, her face set firm. “I’ m fine. I’ve never needed anyone before. I don’t need anyone now. ” Leia’s face was nothing but pity. “ It’s not the need that hurts, but the want,” she said, eyes gentle. Rey turned her face away from Leia and away from the afternoon light streaming through the window so that her face was shadowed. “I have Finn, I have Han to teach me things about ships and flying. BB-8 and Chewie . You’ve given me a place here. I have more than I ever had before,” she argued. “I have to go on as I always did. Ren is who he is, and I won’t stop him.” Leia nodded, but Rey refused to look at her. “Rey…You know that you can’t change him.” “I know.” Rey swallowed and tried to keep herself together. “May I go? It’s been a while since I slept.” Leia stood, her shad ow casting over Rey, the light from behind her illuminating the older woman’s figure. “Of course. We like our soldiers well rested.” Rey stood and nodded, and Leia placed her hand on the younger’s shoulder. “You’ll always be welcome here. Not only for your skill and drive, but also because if my son loves you, you are part of our family. If you need anything, you know who to ask.” Rey’s face upturned and she felt that same choke in her throat. “Family?” Leia smiled, her face extraordinarily beautiful when she did. “Family.” Notes: Thanks for everything guys! I hope you liked this chapter with extra feels. I may have to take another week off because of a sorority thing I'm doing, but I shall return with full force and feels. Your comments and follows and such have renewed me! I hope you all know how much I appreciate it! Y'all give me that REYLO FIRE! And I am so excited about what I have in store for y'all. Chapter 13 : Chapter 13 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Ren “WHERE IS SHE?” The moment he regained consciousness, every emotion came rushing back. He could taste the sterile, dry air of the med bay on the back of his tongue, indicating that he had been there for at least a few hours. There was a strange lack of personnel around, mainly droids. Cowards. Too afraid to face him, the weak commander. Within moments of awakening there was the sharp salt of blood in his mouth. He jerked his arm to find that it was tied down. He roared. “Sir! Please sir, you must--!” A med officer had rushed towards him, hands out to try and push him back to the mattress. He did not even get close before Ren had knocked him against the wall. “GET ME HUX!” He yelled, breaking the arm restraints quickly. He heard the crackle of a trooper’s radio and whipped his head to the door. “Easy, Ren,” Hux said, stepping neatly through the door, not a bit out of breath. “You’ve barely begun to heal from your little tussle.” Ren glared at him, his black hair stringy and strewn across his face. They had stripped him of almost everything but his pants, but his chest was so covered with bandages that it was hardly bare. His chest heaved with exertion and rage at the pristine general, even his stance military. “Where is she?” Ren asked, his dark gaze daring Hux to tell him what he already knew. “She escaped,” Hux replied calmly. The room was filled with Ren’s roar, and he lunged at the general. “Lay back,” Hux snapped as two troopers restrained Ren. “You are so very delicate.” Hux would die. The moment Ren’s arms were free, he would die. “I want her!” Ren screamed, fighting against the hard plexi armor of the soldiers. “Bring her to me!” Hair clung to his wet lips and he ignored the tearing pain in his side and cheek as he thrashed. He would have her. No one, no one would stop him. He would taste her flesh once more, reveling in its softness. He would hear her murmur his name, see her smile at him, because of him. Hux’s boots clicked against the floor as he circled the prostrate commander. “Your incredible ability to focus only on your personal interests has caused quite the damage, Ren.” Ren bared his teeth. “She was an asset for the First Order. I was under orders from the Supreme Leader!” “The Supreme Leader cares more about the galaxy than the girl,” Hux snapped. Ren fell silent, his heart thudding in panic for a moment. Was the Supreme Leader angry? Ren would be punished for his weakness. In the end, he would beg for it. Hux raised his chin so his sharp eyes looked down on Ren’s usually towering frame. “The Supreme Leader is displeased. He had ordered me to collect you and deliver you to him to complete your training.” Ren sat up sharply, and the troopers jumped to push him back down but he shrugged them off, eyes only on Hux. “He stated this to you?” Hux gave a dangerous little smile—he knew he had Ren now. “Yes.” Ren laid back against the damp bedsheets, eyes staring blankly up at the ceiling. Finally, the Supreme Leader had summoned him, in person, for this. He had though this was just another setback—another reason for Snoke to push him to the outer rim with assignments and withhold his presence, his training. Somehow, Leader Snoke had changed his mind. Ren sighed, letting the idea wash over him. He remembered his Master’s tireless, ruthless, training. There had been many times he had thought he would die. And now…now he would finally complete what he had begun, the deal with the darkness he had made long ago. “One rule,” Hux said, interrupting his thoughts. Ren’s tired eyes met the General’s, his eyes glittering with something dangerous. A small smile played at the thin lips, and for a moment all that could be heard was the soft beep of Ren’s heart monitor. “You must kill the girl.” ~ Rey Today was the day; the day she would meet Luke Skywalker. In her absence, it had been discovered that it was RT-DT who held the rest of the map. Rey met RT and the famous C3PO herself, and was charmed by the smaller droid instantly. He was different than BB-8, with a feisty answer to anything. C3PO was not what she expected at all, but was pleasant enough. However, seeing BB-8 again was the best. He had rolled right into her legs when he had spotted her until she knelt down and put a hand on his round little base. “BB-8, I’m so glad to see you!” She had cried. “You escaped from that place! I thought you wouldn’t ever come back!” She grinned at him. “You think so little of me? Think the First Order would beat me down?” BB-8 beeped his protests, but she laughed him off. “Thank you for telling them what you saw, and for getting away safely. He couldn’t get a thing out of me, but I’m sure you would have been taken apart!” BB-8 shrieked his alarm. “He didn’t take you apart, did he?” “He couldn’t of. Not even if he had tried.” BB-8 rolled back and forth a little shyly. “I’m sorry I couldn’t help you. I wasn’t fast enough.” Rey frowned at her little friend. “Oh hush. You did the best you could. And it was…better this way. Trust me.” BB-8 questioned her statement, but she just shook her head. She couldn’t tell anyone about her and Ren. Only Leia and Han knew. Leia had asked her if she could tell Han, and Rey had agreed, secretly relieved that she would never have to tell him. But she could immediately tell when Han knew, because he looked at her different and clapped his hand on her shoulder in the mess hall. “That job offer stands, kid. If you ever get tired of Luke, just give me or Chewie a call.” She had nodded, breathless at the look in his eyes. But it had already been decided that she would train with Luke. Chewie and Han would drop her off there since the Falcon wasn’t tracked on their way to try and patch up Han’s last botched job. Rey didn’t get why he, a war hero, wasn’t working with the resistance anymore. But after seeing Leia’s face when he announced his plans, she knew better. And now, on her last day at the base, Rey had one last string to tie up. Finn lay quiet as the snowfall on Starkiller. His healing skin was a gentle pink-brown from the multiple bacta treatments, but he hadn’t awoken. Yet. The doctors assured them all that he would wake, that he was still in there. But not yet. Rey knelt beside him, took his hand. It was warm, just like it had been on Jakku, on the Falcon. On Starkiller. She opened her mouth to say something. But then she swallowed hard, licked her lips. Took a breath to try again. But nothing was right. “I’m sorry, Finn,” she finally said. “It’s my fault you’re hurt. You got caught in Ren and I’s crossfire…Something you didn’t even know about.” She squeezed his hand, pressed her lips together. “I don’t know how to make this right. I want to. You are…you’re my friend. I never wanted to hurt you. I’m going to find Luke, and I’m sorry I haven’t come sooner. But I’m going to become stronger, strong enough to protect you, and Han, and Leia, and the whole resistance. I know you were against all this, against fighting the First Order. But I’ve been there, and I’ve seen it…There’s so many people like you, Finn. Troopers who deserve real lives. And…Ren. He’s…complicated. I love him. I can’t hide from him, or from anyone.” Rey touched Finn’s cheek without thinking. “I’ll come back soon. I hope you hear me, somewhere. I hope you understand. I hope that when you wake up, you’ll join us.” She closed her eyes, trying not to cry. She wished he would say something, something that challenged her and helped her. Finn understood her, somehow. Without Ren, she felt so alone. After she dropped a quick kiss onto Finn’s forehead, surprising herself with her own tenderness, she headed towards the hangar, where Chewie waited for her. ~ Ren He was desolate. The Supreme Leader had drawn the line in the sand, had given him the choice now: him or her. The power of the dark side, or his…his love. Ren wanted her, wanted to know she was safe and that she still thought of him the same. Like his beating heart had been ripped out, he was nothing but a cold, empty shell. At night, he couldn’t sleep; so he stood, resting his forehead against his arm on the glass of his large window, watching the endless sea of black until the stars blurred and stabbed at his vision. She was out there, living, laughing. His Rey. The darkness was all that was left beside the longing. With Rey, he had still felt so much, still got angry, but it was as if her presence lifted them. The highs of his feelings were joy, not fleeting moments of power. His lows were better than the ones he felt alone. But she was gone. And he had been ordered to kill her. His mind fought hard against him, telling him again and again that she wouldn’t return to him. That she was happy to be free of him. That it all had just been a game, a ploy for her freedom. That she found another, found her love and happiness in that traitor of a soldier. “He could never love her as I do,” he whispered to himself as he stared out into the endless void of space. “Never.” If that was the truth, then perhaps he could kill her out of anger. “What do I do?” He murmured to his grandfather, who said nothing anymore. “What do I do? Laying in his rooms, recovering from the severe injuries that had left him scarred, he finally decided. He could not kill her now. He would go, find her. Capture her. He knew her; she would be with Luke. He would present Luke’s head and Rey’s hand in his to his master, and hopefully that would be enough. And so, he was exactly where he was months ago, before everything. Before her. Starkiller was destroyed, the Republic was no more, and Rey was gone. And once again, Ren took his ship back and set the course to find Luke Skywalker. Rey The island was just like the one in her dreams. All green and grey, stone and grass. Beautiful. A pathway of rock was imbedded in the long side of the island, leading up to where she already knew she’d find Luke. The Force thrummed quietly, almost like ripples in the pond. She could feel his subtle, quiet presence. Her stomach was knotted with nerves and tension so she was sure her arrival was broadcasted to him and any other Force-sensitive creature on the planet. She had said goodbye to Chewbacca and began her trek up and up, around and around. The warm sun that fell on her shoulders was welcome and only made the island feel more familiar. The air was wetter, heavier than Jakku, but not jarring. The sun was low in the sky when a lone figure rose into her view. She trekked up the hill in larger strides now, so eager, yet so afraid. Luke. Luke Skywalker, in front of her. He turned and his arms went to draw his hood down to reveal the face of an old man. The only thing that was the same as the stories were the piercing blue eyes, like piece of the sky. Yet even in their lightness, there was an exhaustion she saw too often in the faces of the old and starved on Jakku. She hesitated for a moment before her thoughts connected, and she hurried to extend her gift to him that she had brought: his father’s lightsaber. There was a long, long moment of stillness and quiet. His eyes did not stray from hers, not even to the saber. He knew what it was. And then, finally his voice echoed from his throat into the air. “I don’t train padawans anymore.” She swallowed and felt a swell of rejection. But she had known, somehow, that he would be reluctant. “You know who I am, then?” She asked. A low hum came from the back of his throat. “No, not really. But I feel what you are, and I have seen you in a vision.” She nodded slowly. “Well, then I will not be a padawan,” she looked up to meet his eyes again with a confidence she didn’t know she had. “Let me be a friend.” He stared at her again with the silence. She frowned a little and pushed her arm a little closer to him. Finally, he slowly reached out and took it. “Friend,” he repeated, and she nodded. “Then I suppose this is a gift.” Rey nodded, buns bobbing against her scalp. “Yes…but not really from me. From Leia.” An eyebrow was raised, followed by a small sigh. “You better come in and tell me how she got it, then.” He told her. “Because the last time I saw this it was in my own hand.” She glanced down at the outstretched limb and realized that his forearm was mostly gone, all metal now. Her brow furrowed, for the prosthetics she had seen were much less…primitive, at least in the resistance. “The hand you lost to Vader?” She asked, and he nodded before turning to lead her away. “The lightsaber passed from him to me,” Luke said so quietly she could almost not hear him as they walked. “When it was lost, I knew it was a sign. I would practice the old Jedi ways and not pass on any of my sabers. The line would not continue. It was too dangerous. But Leia…She always has done things her own way. And we had hoped…we had hoped to triumph the darkness in our blood with nurture…but we three all failed at that, as I’m sure you know.” Rey swallowed. He did not know about her and Ren. He did not really know about her at all. Yet he spoke with such familiarity, sort of…like he did know. It troubled her. Only Ren and her had ever spoken that way, and that was because they had peeked into each other’s mind and knew what the other knew and could speak without assumption. Ren had told her Luke was powerful—was he powerful enough to look into her mind without her knowing? “You are afraid of something that is impossible. I may sense your feelings in the force around you, but I do not force myself into other’s heads like a darksider,” Luke cut in, his voice a little accusatory. Rey flushed and replied, “I know very little of Jedi.” She had been holed up with Ren this whole time, how was she to know? Luke did not reply as he ducked into a stone and wood hut, built into a cave. It was all shadows inside until Luke lit a lamp with fire. The lack of electricity surprised Rey; did he not have any solar panels? “Who are you?” He asked, and Rey jumped a little, casting him a cautious glance. “Rey…of Jakku.” In front of a legened, a Skywalker, she was never more aware that she had no last name. “Sit.” She sat on a stump stool and leaned forward onto the rough hewn table. “Will you train me?” She asked. He said nothing, only stirred something that had already been cooking on the stove. She grew impatient. “Please,” she said. “I have to become stronger. I have to—“ “Save him?” She was surprised at the sadness in Luke’s eyes. “No. I just…” She couldn’t think of anything to say and instead ducked her chin down to look away. Luke sighed and turned his body away to fetch two dented metal bowls. “Here, you’re safe from the war,” Luke said. “You can do what you need to do. You’re troubled, full of fear. That leads to the dark side.” He set down a bowl of soup in front of her and nodded towards a crude door Rey hadn’t noticed at first. “You are welcome to stay here for as long as you need.” Rey shoved a few spoonfuls of the stew into her eager mouth before answering. “But you won’t train me?” Luke met her gaze. “The way of the Jedi is over. I will train no one.” She set down her spoon unhappily. What was she to do? How could she improve without a teacher? Should she fight him on this? If he was as stubborn as his nephew, it was not promising. But he interrupted her thoughts before she could decide. “Tell me, Rey of Jakku. What have you seen?” ~ She was in Naboo again. She was standing on the balcony, waiting. Wanting. For a moment she was alone, and then she turned. There was no sound, no indication he was there, but she knew. He was all in black, and his face was just as she remembered then; calm, observant, hesitant. When their eyes met, his shoulders relaxed and his relief was obvious. “Rey,” he sighed, stepping towards her. Her arms went around her as if to hold herself together. Something jumped and struggled in her to go to him, but she kept getting flashes of crazed eyes and pain, so much pain. “Rey,” he said again, almost to her now. She caught the sight of his eyes, tender now, and let go. She was in his arms, burying her face into his shoulder, holding on tight. “Ren…” she murmured. There was no gash on his face, no evil present now. “My love,” he mumbled into her hair. “Here you are.” She nodded, surprised at the tears stinging her eyes. She pressed them into the material of his shirt. “Are you alright?” He asked. “Yes.” She whispered. “I’m…I’m ok.” He brought her face back with his large hands in order to look at her closely. He laid gentle, light kisses on her cheeks and lips, and she held back a sob. “Tell me you love me,” she asked. He looked surprised, and then concerned. His thumb stroked her cheek and his head tilted. “I love you, Rey. Have you forgotten?” She shook her head and dove back into the crook of his neck. “Sweet Rey,” Ren murmured. “Precious, precious Rey.” Her body was trembling, she could feel her legs shake so she clutched him all the closer. “You’re different,” he muttered, confused. She shook her head again, the buns brushing against her sun-warmed neck. “I’m not,” she insisted. He pulled back to look at her again. “What’s wrong?” Realization flooded through her as she looked at his concerned eyes, and she wanted to laugh. Of course this wasn’t real. Again, she was torn. She was home here, in his arms. He even smelled the same, lovely and comforting. She stared up at him. “Kiss me.” His lips on hers was as familiar as falling into sleep. She felt heady with his touch, his love that she had been so denied in the days before. He crushed her to him, but his lips were only eager, not demanding. She nipped at his lip, begging entrance, and their tongues caressed sweetly. His fingers threaded through her hair to cup the back of her head, his thumb gently brushing the nape of her neck. Again and again they kissed, only parting for gasps of air. She didn’t want to leave the high place of warmth and safety she was in. There was no war, no fear, no pain. There was just them, their love, and a gnawing hunger. She was weak with the feeling, or maybe lack of air. When her lips began to still, he pulled back, his expression devoted. “What did you eat last?” He asked, and she laughed a bit breathlessly. “Berries,” she said, dimly remembering a dented bowl of purple and red fruit in a dimly lit cave. “I can taste them.” She suddenly felt numb. Her little smile slipped from her and she swallowed hard. “No,” She replied softly. “You can’t.” The look he gave her hurt, hurt so badly she awoke with a gasp. Alone in a hard cot, the only sound she could hear was the crackle of fire from the other room. Although she was covered in a sheen of sweat, Rey clutched the scratchy blanket to her body. Just a moment ago it had been him. Wetness on her cheeks proved too salty to be sweat. She wanted so badly to be there, back in her dream. It had been so real. She hated herself and held her dream as a secret in the dark. She couldn’t want that. She wouldn’t want that. The man she wanted was just a dream. Notes: Thanks for everything! Sorry it took so long, but I've been busy and this part's a little hard to write. I prefer the constant reylo, lol. Your comments mean everything! Thank you! Chapter 14 : Chapter 14 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Rey Days passed into a blur. Rain fell, mists came, and the island was quiet, always quiet. The supplies Luke had shown her held many useful things. Wooden rods, texts, diagrams, training helmets and bots. Luke refused the old lightsaber and gave it back to her, preferring his green one. "It has less blood on it," he said bluntly. It was solid, heavy. Her fingers traced the metal ridges and bumps, comparing it to what she had seen of Kylo's. He had not held it around her very often, as if he knew that the violent, angry red blade had not belonged to the man he was with her. Despite the burns he had given her with it, she had shown no fear towards it. No, it was he who had fear in his eyes when she had picked it up once from the steel night table. Almost as if he knew, as if he could have seen what mark she would leave on him with a saber. He had no scar, no mark in her dreams. Sometimes while in the forest, attempting to replicate a form she saw only in a holo, she felt a dark presence. For a moment, she was left breathless from recognition and shock at how dark he had become. But it was only a whisper of a sense, no words, no voice. Just as if, for a moment, he had reached out across the galaxy. Yearning. If the war raged on, she knew nothing of it. She felt like a coward. She wasn't training with Luke, becoming stronger like she had told Finn. He wouldn't teach her. So what was she doing here? Luke watched her struggle without comment. No helpful hint, no encouragement. Only a faraway look as she swung the saber again and again in a clearing, the quiet hum of the blade the only artificial sound in on the island. Why? The nights fell into comfortable pattern of describing before. They swapped sand saturated stories of hardship and confusion over abilities they didn't know existed. The hot suns of their childhoods made Luke's accounts of racing and Rey's tales of scavenging even more vivid. Rey was most fascinated by the wood all around them. Small wooden carvings were scattered all around the entire cavern, creatures smooth and light and warm. They weren't slick, cold steel. You could hold them in your hands and feel the delicateness of it. Luke made them with a small knife, and before long, Rey began to wield a similar one as they sat by the fire. "There were no trees on Tatooine," Luke told her. "When I left the planet I couldn't believe they were real. You place your hand on the tree and you can feel the quiet force inside it." Rey nodded absently, staring hard at the little bird she was trying to make. "There weren't any on Jakku, either." Luke nodded in return. "And now?" Rey looked up into the fire and frowned. "I wasn't…It felt familiar. I was shocked more by the color than the presence. I touch a tree and hear an echo of a sound I've heard before." Luke didn't answer, but stroked his beard once before returning to his carving. There was something akin about the two of them, a comradery that felt natural. But he didn't know the dark eyes that watched Rey at night. Sometimes he was angry, a horrid replay of that terrible, terrible day. The red shadows of his face haunted her in the dark. But then there were the long tender fingers grazing her skin; soft lips and the brush of his dark hair. She woke up with tight longing in her chest. It was nothing, she thought. She wanted to believe him, but she saw now the danger that had lurked beneath his love the entire time. Maybe she could leave it behind. Her heart wanted to. But her head wouldn't stop. Ren He had to backtrack. Rey had seen the map, but she wouldn't have been alone. He tried to remember the thought he had seen when he first knew she had seen the map. She had first thought of the traitor, and then Han, and, with a spike of panic, that he was in her head and she had seen the map. He wouldn't doubt that the two men had seen the map as well. Han Solo would be hard to catch and was not someone Ren wanted to chase. What his Master would think… That left the coward traitor. There was a man Ren wouldn't mind getting his hands on. The Supreme Leader wouldn't speak to him, guide him. Not until he proved his loyalty. Without Rey, he was drowned in a sea of his darkness. His only light was her. But she was so far, a single star in the distance. He avoided sleep, his bed. It was cold without her and his dreams, nightmarish. His love was tearing him apart, slowly. He was becoming weaker without her. He needed her with him. The longer she was away, the more he lost control. Two ships had been destroyed, 3 troopers killed. All from his rage that he was trying so hard to contain. She screamed in his dreams, or rather, his nightmares. She fought him, hated him, killed him. She suffered, cried, died. By his hand. It was torture to sleep, and he found his own memories strange, dark things that barely contained the light he had felt. Her eyes glittered with intent, her lips curved into a malicious sneer. Was it his dreams that kept influencing him? He knew, he knew that it was not so. Carefully, he cradled a few untainted moments close to his heart. She loved him. He loved her. It wasn't so complicated. The world made it complicated. He repeated his mantra to himself every day, hating everything around him more and more. Everything but her was bad, dripping in despair and malice. He ate and slept only for her, to keep himself alive. Soon, he would have her. Soon. When he landed on Tython, his skin was ash, the circles under his eyes a bruised purple. His cheekbones were prominent, the grey skin stretched tight over the bone. His eyes darted dangerously around the silent mist, his force probing all over in search. The traitor was here, somewhere. The place was only ruins. Barren fields and hollowed trees, dry gullies reminding the trespassers that this planet was only an echo of what it had been. Once, it had been a place drenched in the Force and teeming with water, plants, life. But war had taken everything it could, and it was nothing now—nothing except a perfect place to hide. Like Jakku, it was inconspicuous in its uselessness. But Ren was relentless, he searched every dustbin, followed every hint of the traitor. And finally, he had tracked him down. "Sir, we scanned the perimeter upon arrival. There's nothing—" "Hush," Ren snapped at the trooper. "Do not test my patience. I know the Force." Silence fell upon the group as they waited tensely. No one wanted to be his next victim. Ren closed his eyes and inhaled deeply through his breathing apparatus. Focus, focus. There. He turned back towards the group, his singed cloak billowing out into the damp air. "He's below the surface. Ready your troop for a manual scan. There's a way down, somewhere." Rey She threw the wooden rod down in front of Luke's feet where he sat. "Fight me," She said. Luke's frown forbid her from asking again, and he stood, interrupting his previous meditation stance. She kicked the dowel towards him until it tapped his heels. "Fight me, Luke." He was quiet, and he did not turn to face her. "Do you really think you will achieve this through your method?" She rolled her eyes and scratched her head. "I'm not asking you to train me. I just…I need someone to fight with. I cannot mar every tree. People move, trees don't. I can't spar with a tree." Luke shook his grey head and began leaving the clearing he so often meditated in. Rey scooped up the rod and jogged after him. "Luke, please," she begged. She had grown strong on her own through forms and manual labor on Jakku. But this, the force and the saber, it was different. She needed someone. She was trying and trying and trying, but it was like throwing herself against a wall. "No," Luke said shortly, but it was terse, angry. She bit her lip then ploughed forward to stop and face him. "Luke," she argued. "I can't do this on my own. I want to—I have to become stronger. Please…help me." She held out the rod to him, almost exactly how she had held the lightsaber. Luke's eyes drew in, darkening the light blue, and with a swipe of his hand the rod went flying across the grass. "Do you know what you're doing, what you're asking?" He asked. "You don't understand—this quest to become stronger, to be able to best him and turn him over to the light—it's hopeless!" Her lips parted and she stared in shock, but he continued. "You are just like him," Luke scowled. "You are driven by passion and obsession! I will not build you up to be torn down and destroyed by him—not again." Luke pushed right past her and she inhaled, trying hard to draw herself back up from the jumble of words that weighed on her. She shook her head and then shouted: "No!" Luke turned. Rey strode right up to him and jabbed his robed chest, her eyes snapping with rage. "I don't live for him. I don't do this for him. I care about my friends, and all the people who suffer now because people like you bury their heads under the sand because they were beat once." The older man's mouth twisted, but she wouldn't let him speak. "I am not obsessed with Kylo Ren. I am not driven by Kylo Ren. I want so much more—I want peace and a chance to just…have a life with friends, and not worrying about my next meal or the First Order!" She exploded. "I want my friends to be safe and I want…I want there to be a chance for us all. Even Ren." She shook her head. "As long as there is so much…imbalance, I cannot rest. It's not right. People are suffering, dying. I love Ren. Your father loved you. You never beat him, did you? You triumphed because your father loved you. " She brought the heel of her heand to her eyes. "I can't change Ren's mind about anything. I can't beat him. If I did, it would only be to kill him. He has to make that choice, not me. So don't…don't act like I'm some naïve little scavenger who would do anything for a man. That's not me. That will never be me!" Luke was old. His face sagged gently over his skull, and his lips frowned gently. But the startled, light blue eyes were young and bright, and they stared straight at her as she steeled herself for his rebuttal. He swallowed, tried to speak. Finally he said, "I am my father's son." Rey's damp brow furrowed. "What?" Luke gave a funny little smile and shook his head at the ground. "It's something Obi-Wan said to me once when I was young and foolish. My father was rash and thoughtless sometimes, and I see now that even after all this time I am still just the same." Rey licked her lips and took a step closer. "Are you saying what I think you're saying?" Luke looked tired, but he nodded. "I was wrong." She tried not to look shocked, but felt her eyes widen anyways. "Tomorrow," Luke said, and turned back to the hut. "Tomorrow," she echoed. Rey stood still for a moment, watching his retreating back in the evening light before following him into the cave. Ren It was strangely familiar. The scar was still puckered and long, curving around his skull beneath the dark little curls of hair that had grown while the wound healed. Like Ren's, it had not returned to the same color it was before, marring the entire stretch of skin across the back of the traitor's head. I made this , Ren thought to himself. He felt a bit of disgust, but also a bit of pride when he looked at it. He couldn't decide which one he was angry at. "Let me go," the traitor spit as Ren held his skull. He had been searching for her, for his Rey. What had she looked like the last time the traitor had seen her? Did she smell the same, or had she adapted the rusty scent each resistance fighter bore so proudly when they crawled out of their secret bases? To his bitter disappointment, the traitor hadn't seen her. There was only a whisper of her, speaking to him while he was still unconscious. "You're my friend…become stronger…so many…Ren…love him….can't hide…I'll come back soon." It was almost nothing, but her voice still brushed against his mind softly, like a kiss. He had become lost in it and completely lost the traitor's mind completely, instead letting his own thoughts wander to the sight of the other man's scar. "Quiet," he ground out, his face so close to the other man's temple. He had to focus! He needed the map. He rifled through the man' feelings, thoughts, memories without emotion. When he finally reached a wall, he lips quirked into a frightening little grin. The traitor had so little to hide, it was easy to find within the drudgery of a storm trooper's life. Here, Rey glowed like a small star. He watched the memory, once, twice, three times. Frustration built as he realized that it was only a portion…and useless to him. Ren retreated back from the traitor's mind with a gasp from both, and after a distorted moment he regained his own self. "You monster!" FN-2187 roared, and spit onto the dusty ground near Ren's boots. The former trooper had been down a small, dry tunnel about 3 miles from where they landed. In an old rebellion hideout from the days of the Empire, the traitor had made his home here. And when he had seen the First Order come through the tunnel, he had nowhere to bolt to. Angry over his discovery, Ren decided his own troops had suffered enough. "Where is she?" He growled, crushing the traitor's jaw in his gloved hand. The man laughed crazily. "Nowhere where you can find her," He replied. "I told them not to tell me—I knew you'd come. I knew you'd come looking for me. But I won't let you have her, you disgusting, deranged—" Ren silenced him with a blow straight across his cheek. Beneath the dark skin, blood flowed into the area and began to throb. "She is mine, " He hissed possessively. "She loves me." The captain behind him shifted uncomfortably, and Ren knew he was looking like a jealous, lovesick fool. But the traitor's eyes had mocked him! He was keeping her from him! "Kill me," FN-2187 spat. "Or submit me for…for reconditioning! I have nothing for you!" The traitor was not lying. His mind had been easy to pry open and dissect, a reflection of Hux's dear program. Finally, that man had proved himself somewhat useful. But the reward was not what had been anticipated. "You both only saw a portion," Ren said outloud to himself. "So when she came to me, she was protecting…a small bit of the map. And she knew that." "You mean when you captured her," the traitor growled. But Ren was busy. This meant two things: one, she had seen the full map on the base she was on before she left, then. While the traitor was unconscious. And two: she had resisted him, endured the torture, all for a sliver of a map that would have helped him so little. The idea was overwhelming—she could have given him that in good confidence that it would not directly lead him to Luke Skywalker and avoided it all. But his stubborn, willful, beautiful girl had refused to even give an inch. She was good , so strong… Ren could barely stand it. Oh, how he ached to be encased in her light again. Oh how he wanted her warmth and strength to flow through him again when he held her close, so close, in his arms. With a start, he connected the dots. Where would the rest of the map be? What would it be that it was successfully transported from base to base, enabling his mother to be hidden and justified in bringing it? A ship? A data pad? Or perhaps, she had not even known…or else she would have sent her pilot to Lor long ago. It was Luke, only Luke who had hidden it. And his mother had two things that he had also had: C3PO and R2-D2. Within one of them lay the map. Yes, this made this more complicated. Yes, it would involve more time and energy before he could have his Rey again. But now it was obvious, two puzzle pieces slipping into each other flawlessly. And his other had had it the whole time! Damn Skywalker. Ren should have known. A struggle from the traitor attracted Ren's attention again, and something sparked inside him, lighting the flame that had been so dim lately. "I don't think death would be best for you," he told the traitor. "Nor reconditioning." Ren smiled within his mask. "I think you'll be more useful coming with us." Notes: Sorry this is late. With my sorority and midterms, life's been crazy! Your regular update schedule shall resume. And don't worry about Romeo and Juliet here, they shall be reunited soon. I also have a tumblr, username alicecantescape if you ever want to ask me questions or check me out there. Leave me comments so I can push onward to the next chapter. And be on the lookout for an extra ficlet, coming soon. Creative juices are a-flowing. Chapter 15 : Chapter 15 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Rey It was the strangest training Rey could have imagined. Granted, she had never, ever had any kind of formal training before. But the constant running, meditation, and concentration methods seemed tame at first. But then he’d ask her to balance on only her arms and flip over a large rock again and again. The first few tries of both exercises resulted in bruises, bumps and scrapes. And he wouldn’t answer many questions. If she asked why, a simple smile was all she got. “Once, I asked that myself,” he asked. “But no one can answer that with words.” He was more cryptic now, but it didn’t seem like he didn’t want to answer her. It just seemed like he was confident that there was no answer. The refusing responses to her curiosity was almost cruel, for she burned with it. “Why must balance?” She asked him once. “I have good balance already.” “You have good strength and flexibility,” Luke admitted. “More than I had at your age. And you are more patient. But you must hone your skills. Quick reflexes and sheer strength can drive your moves, but only with careful precision can you best anyone in a fight.” She cocked her head at him and sighed. She could hit a target with a knife, block many hits with her staff. Wasn’t that skill? As if he could read her mind, he added, “Jedi don’t have to be big or physically robust to be victorious. Jedi are so strong in so many circumstances because the Force is what makes you strong. The sharpness of your skill gives you the upper hand and can take out even those stronger than you.” She nodded, it making sense now. Kylo was all brute strength, even as unpracticed as she was she could see it. But if she had had more experience, more knowledge of when to move and where to strike, perhaps it would have been different. Luck had worked in her favor, but it may not the next time. The next time. She didn’t ever want to see that again. His fury, his desperation, it had hurt her. In the dim mornings when she had to rise from her cot, she wished she could just sleep. Just to hear his voice—not the angry, forceful voice from that day—but the one that held a curl of amusement and a whisper of his love. She wanted him so much sometimes that it hurt, aching in her chest. It distracted her, and Luke knew it. “Focus!” He barked as she lifted a medium sized boulder with the force, tossing it up and down in the air. “I am,” she grit out. But the boulder faltered in the air and then fell to the ground with a thud as it hit the soft ground. “You distracted me,” she said, exasperated. “No,” Luke countered. “You were thinking not of the present, but the past.” “Stay out of my head,” she clipped. She didn’t want anyone in her head, not Luke, not Ren, not anyone. Luke sighed. “Practice some more. I’ll start dinner.” She frowned and tried to focus on the task at hand. But just as she began, Luke’s voice cut through her concentration. “He’s coming.” She whipped her head around, her arms coming down from her knees to the grass. “Who? Is it—“ She trailed off, ashamed of the question on her lips. But Luke’s face was one of horror. “Somehow, he knows. After all this time…” She pushed herself up to standing. “Luke?” His pale blue eyes focused on her again. “Kylo Ren.” A chill went through her. “How--?” “I had a vision.” She drew back a little, remembering the visions she had when touching Luke’s saber. She wouldn’t think of that, no. She couldn’t. “We have to leave,” Luke announced. He turned and she jogged to catch up to him, the salty wind pushing back. “Luke, you need to go to the Resistance.” Luke turned on her, face contorted. “And lead him right to it?” She shook her head. “He wants me. I know it. I’ll-I’ll go somewhere else.” Luke gave her a shrewd look. “Don’t assume so much, Rey. He wants much more than his pride.” She pressed her lips together firmly. Damn Ren! Damn him and his pig-headed ways! Just as she had begun to learn, just as she was starting to understand… “Rey, there’s not much time. The moment he gets close enough to sense us is when it will be impossible to get away in the ship I have.” Rey swallowed. “You were right about the Resistance, but…we have to split up. We can’t give him the chance to get both of us in one swoop.” Luke was silent for a moment, his hood swaying in the wind. Rey licked her chapped lips. “He would not be able to best us both,” he said. Rey nodded. “But we need to be careful,” she warned. “He…he’s…I’m not strong enough.” Luke watched her with eyes that knew too much. He knew what she meant. She still loved him; it was too soon. It been so hard to leave him once, and she wasn’t strong enough in the force or in her heart to strike him down once more. She couldn’t even think of killing him, neverless attempt it. Slowly, Luke nodded and cast his eye to the grey-blue sky. “I have one ship,” he said quietly. “He won’t hurt me,” she replied. They met eyes and he sighed. “I will finish your training,” he promised. “You must practice, even in the face of adversity.” “I will,” she whispered, tasting the salt of the sea on her lips. Something in her twisted. “Don’t have fear,” he told her. “It is the path to the dark side. You are strong, and when you need it, the Force will guide you.” He left to gather a few things in their cave. Rey went to pull the old ship from the bigger, hidden cave on the other side of the island. By the time Luke rounded the path, she had it up and running again. “May the Force be with you,” she said quietly, and her master smiled. “And with you,” he replied. She left him to walk into the trees. She didn’t want to see his ship disappear into the sky, but she still heard the boom of his hyperdrive as he left the atmosphere. She swallowed hard. She was alone. ~ Ren It had taken weeks. The traitor had held up for so long before Ren broke him. But, as Ren fondly told him, he had been made for this. From birth troopers were groomed to be submissive, fearful. Yet this one held a spark, just like his Rey… Oh, her. She was so close. He could taste her skin under his tongue, could feel her hair through his fingers. Soon, soon, she would be there in front of him again. He knew he had wronged her, but he just needed time. Time to get her back, to show her how good he could be to her. His mind throbbed with pain whenever he tried to think of their times together, of her words. He remembered, dimly, that she had wanted her freedom. And he would give it, freely this time. When they were both ready. The traitor laid bruised and broken in his ship. From his mind, Ren had wrestled the planet the resistance’s small base was on that Finn had been on with his mother. Of course she wouldn’t stay on a large one; she wouldn’t risk her life—and political career. Spies had to be carefully trained and sent in. Only one had a passable ID code and matching facial recognition. Their disguise had worked well, but the fate of the mission was only on the one woman’s shoulders. Still, she delivered. From C3PO, she wrestled a copy of his memory of the map. It would have been impossible to try such a thing on R2D2, who had created several passcodes and technical walls that only he himself knew. Even Ren couldn’t read a droid’s mind. But the spy had been trained in the highest technological advances, and Ren had been able to provide her with inner knowledge of C3PO’s workings. She was able to do a temporary wipe of his short term memory after the copy was taken. And most importantly, the spy made it back and personally placed the drive into Ren’s hand. Luke, the crafty devil. But he couldn’t hide. Ren’s anger and despair were replaced with a rush of power and excitement. Hux would be angry to find out that Ren had done the impossible and successfully implemented a spy and the resistance but only used it for his own gain. But that’s what he deserved after how he tattled to the Supreme Leader. But now, but now, he had the location. He had the traitor. He had his ship, complete with the latest, fastest hyperdrive. He was ready, ready to finally have his love in his arms again. Something in his head whispered of disapproval, warned him how unhappy, how angry she would be. But he brushed it away. She had said she loved him. He clung to that, avoiding mirrors to deny himself of the scar she bore him in order to escape. He loved her. That was one fact he knew for sure, in his deep, dark heart. It was strong and unyielding. She was his just as much as he was hers. They drew close to the small, small planet. Ahch-to was primarily an aquatic planet, which is why Luke and Rey were settled on an island. The island Ren had seen in Rey’s head, in her dreams. He was lucky, so lucky to know exactly where they were. He was saved combing the planet for her. “She’ll never give into you,” the traitor hissed, inturrupting Ren’s thoughts. With a quiet but feral growl, Ren turned to the man. FN-2187 was strapped into a black seat, his hands and ankles cuffed. Dried blood was spotted here and there, crumbling black on the man’s dark skin. Bruises rippled in color on his skin. But the gleam in the traitor’s eye told Ren that he was far from undone, and slowly Ren began to worry that bringing him for leverage wasn’t the best idea. Rey would be so very angry at him. He had forgotten that FN-2187 was her friend. To Ren, he was nothing but an enemy. But this was bad, very bad. Yet it could not be undone. Chest tight and thoughts racing, he began to panic. Oh she would hate him even more for this. He had thought it was a clever plan, to make her board the ship to save the former trooper. Going without a fight. But this, he saw now, would hurt her. Now, landing on this far, forgotten planet, he thought so much clearer. “TW-7932,” he barked. “Clean the prisoner up and apply bacta.” At the traitor’s surprised expression, he added, “And put him in the back.” Idly, he wondered if it would be any worse if he had just killed the traitor. Which would be worse; Rey seeing her friend like this, or finding out that he was dead? No, no, he couldn’t do that. Damn this compassion. As the traitor was dragged out, he laughed at Ren. “She already knows you are a monster. Now she will be reminded. Nothing you do will change her mind!” Damn it damn it damn it. Ren steeled himself, closing his eyes and remembering her touch. Soon, soon. There was no place to land, not really. The terrain was too rocky. So the ship dropped Ren off, alone, at a dock and went to hover in the distance. It could rest on the water, but Ren had no idea what kind of life lay below the surface, and he wasn’t about to find out. He could feel her again. He sensed her lifeforce, felt her presence like a caress. So lovely. But he was jolted out of his reverie the moment he realized that he sensed only her. Luke wasn’t here. There was a silent trace, but he was gone. Damn him! Ren struggled to keep himself from destroying the terrain around him. His master would be displeased. It would look like Ren was only here for Rey. But Luke had been here, and Rey would know where he had gone. Together they would find him. How had he known? How had he left in such a short time? Ren needed to focus. He took some deep breaths and realized her was still wearing his helmet. He pushed the release and set it down on a rock near the dock where he could retrieve it later. Doing it gave him a surge of excitement he had had before. Soon he would see her with his own eyes. As he began the trek up where he sensed her, he cautiously scanned her force. She was surprisingly calm, and she was not fleeing. Surely she felt him. Perhaps—perhaps she was waiting for him. A dry swallow made his eyes be cast up from the ground to the top, in hopes of seeing her figure. But there was nothing. Finally, he was at the top, and there she was. She was sitting in a meditative position away from him, but from the arch in her spine, he could tell she knew he was there. “Rey,” he said, and his voice betrayed his longing. She straightened, her back rolling up. He turned her head so that her buns swept across the base of her creamy neck until the fringe of her eyelashes and hazel of her eyes could be detected. “Ren.” She answered flatly. He took a few steps and then stopped. Here they were, and he couldn’t find his words. She didn’t wait for him to gather his thoughts. She stood, turning to see him. Her saber—Luke’s saber—was strapped to her hip. The old man must have refused it. Her expression was serious and drawn—almost unhappy. A swell of sadness went through him. “I have your friend,” he blurted out. Her whole expression changed, giving her away as usual. She was shocked, and his ears began to burn with embarrassment. “FN-2187,” He continued haltingly. “I captured him, to find you.” Panic flit across her face. “You hurt him?” How he wished he could say no. His silence was her answer. Her face contorted into rage. “You—how—“ She shook her head. “Take me to him! N, bring him to me. Right now!” “He’s fine,” Ren cut in coldly. “He’s been cared for. I knew—I realized—that you would not want him hurt.” “Damn right,” she spit. “You goddamn asshole. So happy to see that you’ve changed.” Unwanted, a strange thrill went through him. How he wanted to sweep her into his arms. She was passionate, and he felt so akin to her strength. She tried to brush past him to go down to the dock, to find her friend. But he stepped in front of her, being careful not to reach out and touch as he desired. He knew it would be unwelcome. “I had to see you. I want you to come back home with me.” She gave a funny chortle. “Don’t talk as if you are a spurned lover,” she snapped. “What you’ve done is unforgivable. And this, this is my home.” His chest tightened. “You do not miss me at all?” Something in her face softened in the dusky light. “Don’t make this about you. You torture my friend, hunt me down—and ask me if I miss you?” “Yes. Answer me.” Her gaze hardened and she came close, very close. With the breeze blowing towards him, he could smell her scent. “I don’t take orders from you,” she hissed. Always, she had to argue and misinterpret. How could he have forgotten the most annoying thing about her? Other than the fact that she thought that light would triumph dark. “Now you’re the one being ridiculous,” he retorted. “I miss you like I miss the sun. I cannot sleep for fear that every rebel base we attack will hold you. Just tracking you down was a miracle…I could not sense you. And I have so many…thoughts. They torture me.” She tilted her head. “What thoughts?” He said nothing. “Ren?” Defenses lowered, he replied, “Doubts. Like my memories have been twisted. I can see you, detesting me…hating me…deceiving me…” She stepped back. “Stop. I can’t—I can’t do this, Ren.” “Do what?” She shook her head again. “Bring me Finn.” He wished he could explain. She didn’t know the dark haunting images that crept in, subtle manipulations of his recollections. A deceitful smile on her lips as they swam, laughter in her eyes as he confessed of his pain. So real. And so terrifying. “Come with me. I need you with me. Let me make things right between us; I am sorry, truly sorry for what happened.” “Ren-“ Panic rose in him and he threw away her hands and tightened his fists. “No! You don’t understand.” Her expression tightened. “Yes I do! You’re selfish. You will do anything to get what you want!” She replied, frustrated. For a moment, he tried to collect himself. “I am asking you for this,” he warned. “I want to repent for what I did.” “You are not sorry! You did the same thing twice! You hurt my friend, captured him, then hurt him again!” “I didn’t—I see now that it was a mistake.” His face burned. “But I had to find you. I could think of no other way.” “Excuses, always excuses and denial.” He didn’t know what to say. She stared at him, waiting. “I came for you, Rey,” he finally told her. All emotion slid from her face as shock replaced it. And then anger. “You’ve come to take me prisoner? As a hostage? You’ve gone back and decided you want another round?” She snapped. “You’ll break your word again? ” His brow furrowed, she thought he didn’t care about her. “Don’t be ridiculous,” he retorted. “I may be going back on my word, but it’s for a good cause. I want to fix this. I love you.” She laughed bitterly, her body language changing into a defensive pose. This wouldn’t be easy. “Your good is never good.” “I will not let you be harmed because you are determined to die for a pack of fools,” he rumbled. “This isn’t about my safety; it’s you being selfish.” He gritted his teeth. “So be it,” he growled. “Come, Rey. Don’t make me fight you.” Inhaling deeply, he reached out to her. Her eyes narrowed and in a moment, her lightsaber was ready and lit. “Don’t act as if my safety is the cause of this or that you being sorry is the reason. I’m not forcing your hand. You decide whether you will fight, not me.” “No.” He would not duel her. He was too unstable; he would lash out. Luckily, he had trained more in this way, for her mind was strong, much stronger than her fighting skills. He held out his hand and she stepped back, immediately realizing his intent. She put up a fight, brow furrowed and walls put up as he fought to force her to sleep. She thrashed in his grasp, pushed back with her mind, but he burst through her defenses. He went to her and took her in his arms, locked with her lightsaber still in hand. Rey leaned down, tried to bite him. Her lips parted and he detested himself for the fear in her eyes. Her lightsaber dropped as he forced her hands open, and she resisted him. She had become stronger, and he had to concentrate hard to do what he had done before. Sweat glistened on his brow, but after a long moment her eyes rolled back and she finally fell. Just as before, he held her close. “I’m sorry,” he whispered, pressing his lips to her forehead. She smelled of roses and grass, completely undiluted. Something within him eased. Turning back, he went through the long grasses to where the troopers waited. Boarding the ship, he glanced back at the sun setting and clutched Rey closer. He had vowed he’d never lose her. Notes: Sorry this is late! I have a lot written after this so I won't have to go week by week anymore and it won't be late anymore. Back to our scheduled Wednesdays! Last week was crazy. Thanks for the comments and such, I hope you all are enjoying this so far. Next chapter, we will see exactly how angry Rey is, and she and Kylo are eventually going on a little adventure. Thanks again! Chapter 16 : Chapter 16 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Fury had encompassed her. She was so much stronger that she awoke shortly after they left and had wreaked havoc immediately. She had knocked Kylo back with the force and struggled to her feet in an attempt to reach the cockpit, most likely to gain the controls and redirect the ship. She had jumped on the co-pilot by the time Kylo wrestled her away. She spent the rest of the trip locked in his arms, completely inconsolable. Her hair even came loose from her struggles. He had a headache from concentrating the force to partially restrain her for so long by the time they arrived. Rey demanded to see the traitor. He looked much better, but his eyes were as hard and angry as before. Ren didn’t like how little fear was left in the man. It made him dangerous. Rey almost knocked him over with an embrace that made Ren’s neck prickle. “Are you ok? Did he hurt you?” Rey asked, pulling back. Ren watched the traitor darkly. “Yes,” the traitor spit. “Don’t trust him, Rey. We’ve done this once, we’ll get out somehow.” “I know,” she breathed, hand tracing a scar on the man’s arm. “For now, just don’t—“ “You saw him. Is that not enough?” Ren growled. She sent him a scathing look. “Don’t separate us. I don’t want you to hurt him.” “You’re coming with me,” Ren replied fiercely, trying not to imagine her in the traitor’s cell, in his arms. She belonged with him. She had that look that meant to was going to drag her heels. “I don’t want to. But I guess that means nothing to you.” Ren enjoyed the way the traitor looked at her, like he was confused. “Don’t you want to share our bed again?” He said calmly, and wished he had his mask on so he could smile at the horror that covered FN-2187’s face. “You asshole,” Rey snapped, standing. She looked as if she’d take a swing at him, but her face contorted and she let it down. Resisting the darkness. “You didn’t tell him,” Ren argued stubbornly. He reached for her. She recoiled. “That’s private.” He agreed, it was private. It was theirs. But did the traitor think he had a chance? Did he pursue Rey still? “Have your feelings changed?” Ren asked her. “My mind certainly has,” she said angrily. “You’ve shown me every bit of your character.” He took encouragement from the fact that she did not say they had changed. “I will not hurt him. I will let you see him. If you come with me,” Ren said softly. She cast a glance to FN-2187 and then back to Ren before she sighed. “Fine. But you, you don’t get to touch me.” Heart heavy, he nodded. “It’ll be ok,” She told the former trooper as she followed Ren out. Her eyes were sad. After leaving her in the locked apartment again, he quickly went to deliver a few new orders. Both Hux and Snoke couldn’t be told of this. It was too risky. Until he had Skywalker, he wouldn’t be able to keep Rey safe in their presence. When he returned, she appeared calm, no longer screaming when he came into view. But he felt the anger she held within. She stood alone, arms crossed and staring out into the endless view of far cast stars. Her hair was swept back in her usual style again, but she had not changed her clothes. A moment after Ren entered, she spoke. “I don’t want to see you.” He smiled a little, only because she couldn’t see behind his mask. “You think I’d leave you alone for so long that you could escape?” She ignored this and refused to look at him. “Leave me alone.” He sighed, irritated. “I won’t. But if you are so bothered, I’ll leave the bed for you.” Ren felt Rey’s emotions spike; his words did not pacify her. So he left her alone, and went to change. Rey Now that he had caged her, he must be happy. She pictured him smug, sitting in the other room and feeling like he could control her. Just like the rest of the First Order thought they could control everything. Keeping his word for once, he slept on the couch. She laid in bed for a long time, miserable. Finn was captured, and Ren couldn’t be trusted to keep his word on anything. She missed her friends and absurdly, Ren. She wanted to be with him, the one who held her and loved her and kept his damn promises. And he was so damn close, but she hated him for doing this. He mostly let her be, but watched her all the time. She knew he wanted to speak and be with her, but she wouldn’t let him. For two weeks she slept alone, visited Finn, plotted her escape and worked out her frustration by taking apart any device she could get her hands on and leaving them around the apartment. By the end of the third day, she had taken apart Ren’s chrono, extra communicator, datapad, and all the broken droids in her workroom and strewn them where ever she felt. When he left her to go run the First Order or talk to Snoke, he mostly left her with numerous troopers and fighting droids outside the door. She could have taken out the troopers, but the droids couldn’t be dealt with without a weapon. Finn was terrified. He was left alone almost the entire time, but not harmed. His bruises faded, but it was clear that being surrounded by the First Order again was not good for his mind. “Don’t make him angry, Rey,” He said once. “What?” She was shocked. He had never said anything like that before. But Finn was sweating, eyes a little too wide to be normal. “He’ll kill us both,” he whispered. “Don’t give in, but be careful.” He wouldn’t listen when she told him that Ren wouldn’t hurt her. But after everything, she didn’t completely believe that either. When Ren returned in the evening that day, Rey was fuming. She was tired of being cooped up and she hated feeling like a prisoner. Watching Finn deteriorate was even worse. This brought back so many bad memories. She had dreams of Ren hurting her, choking her like he had before. Her arms tingled as if she could feel where he burned her. Ren seemed to sense her unrest as soon as he entered the apartment, because he headed straight for the bedroom where she lay on the bed. “You’re angry,” he finally said, leaning against the doorway. Her eyes narrowed as she turned her head to look at him. “Why wouldn’t I be?” “I thought you’d stop being childish and get over it.” She sat up, and he pushed off against the wall to stand erect as she stared him down. “Get over it,” she repeated back to him, the blood rushing into her mind, cutting off any reasonable thought. He said nothing. “You are have made me and my friends prisoners. You threaten me, force me to be in a place that I hate, all while acting like I’m being unreasonable!” She said, throat choking her. “I thought you actually cared, Ren,” she accused. “I thought you gave a damn about what I wanted.” He frowned. “I do. That’s exactly why you are here.” She boiled with frustration. He had such a thick head. And was so damn selfish! “If you actually cared, you wouldn’t have taken me prisoner. Taken me away from the only people who feel like family. I think you’re afraid of me and just want to use me.” That did not please him, that she was sure of. He stiffened and tightened his fists. “I’m not afraid, Rey. I have offered myself to train you, to increase your powers.” “By the ways of the dark, not the light. You know which side will win in the end.” She watched his frustration smugly as he ran a hand through his hair, completely irritated. “I brought you here to protect you.” “Lies!” She yelled. “You only want to control me!” She got up and came closer, pointing at him accusingly. “You brought me here because you wanted it. You want me to be your little slave. You can’t stand not getting what you want.” He grit his teeth. “You’re such a child.” She got closer, up into his face, looking directly at his healing scar. “Will you seek to control me like before? Torture me? Will you take me against my will now, force yourself on me to get what you want?” Ren looked as if he’d strike her, and she waited for it, ready. She knew it may have been wrong to say that, to dirty the fragile connection they held. He had never hurt her that way. But she was so angry that she wanted to fight him, even without a weapon. But he turned away, enraged but determined. She tried to search his feelings, but he pushed her out as he retreated to the sitting room. She followed him, half out of anger and half from curiosity. She had baited him, she knew that. But he had showed self-restraint. “I don’t want to hurt you,” he said lowly, hands gripping the edge of a chair to steady himself. “I would never hurt you that way.” “You let yourself be motivated by evil; how can I be sure?” She asked. “Finn is going mad in a cell.” He looked up and stood suddenly, so fast that she took a step back. He went to her, but she did not shirk as he stood so close. His hands came up slowly, to cup her cheeks, but she did not lower her fierce gaze. “Don’t you remember that I need you? You would escape if he was not here. And I cannot focus when you are running around for the republic, straight in the line of our fire. I am more drawn to the light than ever before when I am with you, but it makes little difference when you are away.” She stared at him for a moment. “It’s selfish. I’m a person, and I have the right to make my own decisions and my own life. You are the one who chooses to stay here and commit murder.” “I know.” He replied. “You don’t have to forgive me.” She was still angry, but conflicted now. Damn herself for caring, for loving this stupid, terrible man. “I hate you. I hate you for doing this.” His fingers dug into his hair. “No,” he growled. “No, you love me.” She frowned at his strange tone. “Ren,” she said, but he seemed not to hear. “Ren!” “What?” he snapped. She swallowed hard. She should have known it would come down to this. “I…I want to make a deal.” He sat up more. “A deal.” She nodded slowly. “I will…I will not escape if you release Finn to the resistance.” She’d be alone here. He stared at her. “You will be unhappy, still.” She looked down. “Of course I will be,” she replied, voice hard and unforgiving. She heard him get up, and looked up from the floor just in time to see him stand before here. “Tell me how to make things right,” he asked softly. She shook her head. “I can’t,” she replied. He lifted his hand to brush a finger against her cheek for just a moment before she turned her head away. “I will release him,” Ren said heavily. “I will release you both.” For a moment, she was stunned. She never expected that to come from his mouth. A wave of relief and affection came before she realized that she should not be grateful that he had decided not to keep her prisoner. “Good,” she said simply. “I can only hope that you aren’t lying this time.” The look he gave her was dark but full of longing. “You could release yourself too,” she couldn’t help but say softly. His shoulders stiffened. “I am where I need to be.” She stared at him for a long, long moment. “We cannot… be anything if you are here.” His face crumpled before regaining some kind of regret. “I have to do what I must to restore the galaxy.” His tone was almost coaxing, trying to convince her. She turned away from him. “I have always known what is most important to you. But you will not change my mind. And I cannot forgive you for this.” He placed his hand on her arm. “I still love you, Rey.” “Unfortunately, so do I.” She replied, shaking him off and walking away from him back to bed. He let her be. But during the night she could not erase the face of a broken man from her mind. She was unhappy with her own decision. She couldn't imagine having anyone but Ren touch her, love her. Perhaps she was being naive. Perhaps there was another out there for her. But it didn't feel like that. All she could feel was the choking loneliness and despair. Maybe she was unlovable. Maybe there was no one but him who could, who did love her. She closed her eyes and tried to push away the self-doubt and loneliness. But this place did things to her. He did things to her. Laying in the familiar bed, it felt like a night when he used to be detained and she would stay up late, eager for him to slide in next to her and wrap his arms around her. Stupid, stupid, stupid. Her heart sang as she thought of touching him fondly, running her hands up those large arms and biting the skin between his shoulder and neck, the exact point that made him writhe. To kiss him again. To never sleep alone, to have someone watching her back in battle and life so that she was always safe. She used to watch the few scavenger pairs that were strung tight, loyal only to each other. She watched a woman give a man her last drops of water to wet his swollen tongue. She had never understood it before, how you could trust someone like that, care about someone so much. Now that she knew, she wish she didn't. She wanted to give it back. Finally, when sleep refused to come, she slipped out of bed and admitted that she was weak, weaker than a rusted piece of metal. He awoke when she crawled on top of him to sleep with him on the couch. She knew it was feeble, that it was stupid and a betrayal, but she wanted his touch, his warmth, so badly. And she couldn't ask, wouldn't be a simpering idiot. He said nothing, but gently placed his hand on her back as she fell asleep. Ren In the morning she was gone, having snuck away before he woke. She ignored him. When he returned she was in the bath, singing to herself. He listened until the water began draining. She emerged, clad in a damp towel, but did not seem startled to see him lying on the bed. She sat down and began brushing her hair out, not troubled by his gaze. “I have given the orders for your release tomorrow.” He said. “Have you forgiven me?” She didn’t look at him. “No.” “That’s fine. You don’t have to.” She gave him a hard look. “I don’t need your permission.” God, she stirred his blood. In every way. After a calming breath, he was able to focus again. “I want to show you something,” he said, knowing she would be tempted. “Do I have a choice?” She replied back smartly. “Yes,” he growled. She was so difficult. “Fine,” she replied. “But please, captor, let me put on clothes first.” She wouldn’t change in front of him, but soon emerged from the refresher. She swept past him and waited at the door while he put on his gloves and mask. Rey Watching him put on his mask was like watching Ren slip away. Now he was Kylo. She hated that mask, and had always been averse to him touching her with it on. They walked side by side, her refusing to walk behind him. They came to a classroom similar to the one she had seen long ago. Automatically, she turned away. Ren’s hand came up and gently turned her back, and she shook off his hands quickly but did glance inside. These children, although well behaved, were less tense than before. There was no fear in their eyes. One whispered to another, a big smile on their faces. She glanced at the children and then at him almost with suspicion. “I put a stop to the punishment methods you objected to,” came the deep, inhuman voice. She stared at the children and remembered the children back on the rebel base. They ran free, laughing and playing. They were adventurous, creative, excited. She knew Ren was trying to gain her approval, but the consistent problem between the two was painfully obvious in the gesture. “Good,” she told him quietly, still staring at the children. “But not good enough. This changes nothing.” She felt Ren focusing on her, trying to understand her dismay. But she pushed him away. “I’d like to go back now,” She said. He nodded after a moment. “Whatever you want,” he replied. If only, she thought. ~ Ren She barred him from her mind and her room. He listened for the sounds of her working, but there was nothing. Ren was confused. He thought she’d be happy at his gesture! His frustration mounted fast, and he stewed alone. He would just lose her again. She emerged the next morning to eat, and he watched her with a dark gaze as she sat down. He had yet to really touch her, yet to kiss her and she was already gone. “Am I going to be prevented from leaving today?” She asked casually. “No.” He replied sullenly. She continued eating calmly, but he was anything but. “I just wanted to make things right,” he told her irately. That got a reaction with her shooting him an annoyed look. “You did a terrible job.” “I see it is useless now.” Practically pathetic. How had he gotten here? He wished he didn’t care. “Go away.” “Nothing I do pleases you.” She slammed her spoon down on the table and turned to glare at him. “You have no wish to please me!” “I’m not doing this again!” He yelled. “I am letting you go, aren’t I?” She dropped her head into her hands. “I just wanted you to be real,” she said. “Normal and loving and not trying to kill everyone I care about.” She shook her head and closed her eyes. “Han and Leia and Finn and Poe are like real family to me. I don’t remember my own family.” Ren sat down and sighed, putting his head in his hands. “You’re afraid of losing that, I know. But I don’t want to lose you.” Rey “You never had me,” she said stiffly. He didn’t answer. She sighed and stood up. Ren looked up to see her looking at him with hard eyes. “I’m not a possession.” He nodded. “I know.” She stared at him, but he let his hair hide his eyes. “Ren. You have to let me go.” His jaw tightened. “I know. I will. But...” “What?” “…I want you to love me again. Even if we can’t be together, even if you despise me. You loved me once.” “Ren.” Her tone was firm. “Why are you so scared? I never said I didn’t love you.” When he didn’t reply, she said, “How am I to trust you if you don’t trust me?” He buried his face in his fingers again. “I tried to tell you. You didn’t understand. No one can.” “Stop having a little pity party,” she ordered, startling him. “Tell me.” His expression grew dark and thunderous, eyes like black holes. “When you aren’t here, I doubt everything. I feel like everything was a lie. I am enraged by the thought, but all I see is my memories, but changed. To see hatred and anger in your eyes there, and it is all so real.” “Ren…” She breathed. “It’s not true.” “I know,” he snapped. “It just feels so real, especially when you aren’t here. I can barely bear it.” “Why does that happen? Why do you think that way?” His brows drew together. “I don’t know. Probably my own weakness.” She touched his cheek and drew her fingers down to his jaw gently. “I can’t be here. I can’t be with you when you are like this.” She paused. “Is there…Is there anything that would help?” He shook his head, then stopped midway. Then he cocked his head and looked at her oddly. She didn’t like the shine in his eyes. Rey looked right back at him, her heart rate picking up a little faster. What was going on in his head? “There is something,” he said slowly, voice dark and deep. She couldn’t look away from his eyes, so dark and mesmerizing. They could be gentle, they could be hypnotic. She had seen them loving, and she had seen them dangerous. “What?” His finger came up to stroke her cheek, and his face was so close that she could feel the warmth of his breath. “You will not be with me. Fine. You are on the other side, fighting for the resistance. Fine. But do this one, small thing. So I know that I am the one you love. Marry me.” Rey stared at Ren, incredulous and completely shocked. For a moment everything was still, and then it all washed over her. He asked her to marry him. “What?” She said suddenly, jerking back. “What are you even saying?” He stood, chair sliding back too fast and hitting the wall. “I’m saying, marry me.” She shook her head and chocked out a laugh. He had to be joking! She was nineteen years old. They were on completely opposite sides of a universal war. He had just kidnapped her for the second goddamn time! “That’s crazy,” she breathed. He edged in close and took her limp hand. “I love you.” She shook her head, looking down and pulled her hand away. “I’m nineteen! I’m-I’m not ready to be married! You’re crazy!” He frowned at that, and when she glanced up he was drifting back. “I forget that you are younger than I.” She placed her hand on her chest. “It’s barvy. We’ve never, ever talked about such a thing! I mean, we couldn’t even be together. And I, I can’t do that. I…I love you, but you went against your promise to me, and it hasn’t even been that long that I’ve felt this way.” Ren growled and tightened his fist. “I will return you as you so desire. I know this was a mistake. I just wanted this.” She wasn’t insulted by his angry tone; she saw past it well enough. She came close and put her hand on his arm and tried to catch his eye. “I can’t do that,” she said firmly, but her eyes looked for his understanding. His shoulders slackened and he nodded. “I’m not crazy,” he said. “I understand.” “Perhaps, someday, if things change, we can…be together.” She couldn’t even say it, her tongue rebelled against the word marriage. She had been a free bird her whole life, running and scrounging for herself, unbeholden and unbound to anyone. Just even a promise like this was hard. He nodded again, and they were quiet. “One kiss, Rey.” She hesitated, torn, but then nodded and stood tall to kiss him softly. As they parted, he suddenly crushed her to his chest. “I want you to be mine,” he said quietly. This made a shiver run up and down her spine, and she wiggled until his hold was much looser. His expression was one of surprise when he noticed how fierce and hard she looked. “I’ll never be anyone’s but my own. You cannot possess me.” His lips frowned and his appearance almost grew to a little boy’s, pouting. “I want your hand, I want you as my wife. I want your love, always.” “Fine. But I am my own. I can’t be someone else’s. Understand?” He nodded, sullen, but she could tell his dark thoughts of possession clawed at him. She let him kiss her on the cheek and looked away, suddenly uncomfortable with all of this. It was so embarrassing, talking about marriage and such silly things. He was ridiculous, really. He must have thought she was wondering whether he would return her, because he unexpectedly said; “Stay with me a week, just a week. Then I will give you a shuttle to return to your rebellion.” Suspicious, she asked, “To find our location with tracking?” He shook his head, an amused smile on his face. “If you are so cautious, why not fly it to the nearest planet and have one of yours pick you up?” Her nose wrinkled. It was a plan she very well might use. She did not doubt for a second that he’d love her location, whether it be to find a rebel base or to keep close tabs on her and her “safety.” Still, to fly one the Order’s shuttles… “I’d fly it myself?” She clarified. He nodded, and a smile swept across her face for a moment. “I can’t,” she suddenly said. “I don’t trust that you’d actually let me go after a week.” He frowned, unhappy that he had been close. “I’ll give you my saber,” he finally offered. Eyebrow raised, she looked at him and he looked back. Seeing that she did not believe him, he opened his robe, unclipped his saber and held it out. She pressed her lips together and her brow furrowed. “How am I to trust that you will not use the force against me, then?” “I can only offer my word.” “That doesn’t mean much,” she scoffed. He did not reply. Finally, heart beating fast, she took his saber. “This doesn’t change anything,” she told him. He shrugged, trying to look indifferent before trying to pull her in for a kiss. “Ren…” She protested. “What?” “I told you we can’t.” “Not even for a week?” He replied, his lip stuck out in a bit of a pout. She bit her lips and ran her teeth along it. “No funny business,” she warned. “Nothing more than this.” He smiled a dangerous smile. “Alright,” he answered, and then kissed her deeply. Notes: Long chapter for fun! I am conflicted about the way things are progressing, but I'm not always good at writing transitional parts. Our favorite pair will be off the ship again soon...but where? And don't you just feel sorry for poor Finn? PS: there's a reason they won't talk about Starkiller very much. I'll let you figure it out. Chapter 17 : Chapter 17 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Rey She was still angry, and anxious. She kept his saber with her at all times, even in the fresher. This was ridiculous,” she thought. How could she have anything with a man she didn’t trust? But they did. They had passion and a deep, dark ache for each other. She watched Finn be placed in a shuttle, against his will. “Not without you,” he kept repeating. “I won’t leave you in the hands of a monster.” “I’m fine,” she promised. “I will make contact in seven days.” He seemed not to hear her, his dark eyes flashing. “I’ll be back for you Rey,” he promised as she backed out the shuttle, ending their private goodbye. “Be safe,” she replied. If Ren felt her fear and sadness as the shuttle left, he said nothing about it. He seemed more content that she had agreed to this. He kissed her passionately every time he got the chance and seemed more relaxed with her presence. In the dark of the night he whispered to her how lonely he was when she was gone. She felt that ache as well, but wouldn’t admit it to him. They spent hours training together the first few days, and he seemed impressed by her progress. It was a little awkward, at first. But Rey felt it lessen, day by day. After a few remarks about Luke, however, she ordered him to curb his tongue. Regardless, he did try and persuade her to let him teach her. “You would improve much more under my training.” She scoffed. “I don’t like your methods or your master.” He scowled, but was a dog with a bone. “I have a true desire for you to become stronger. Skywalker will hold you back, afraid of attracting attention from the Order.” “Hush, Ren,” she commanded, dropping her practice saber. “I know what you’re doing.” He wanted her to stay on her own accord, for his doubts plagued him still. She felt it. His eyes became haunted as his arm lowered. “Is there anything you don’t see?” He asked, a trace of bitterness in his tone. “I see what you don’t,” she replied. “I see the good in you.” “Hush, Rey,” he said, echoing her own words. “I know what you’re doing.” Against her will, she laughed. ~ Ren She let him join her in the bed again, and once again he slept with her in his arms. The clean scent of her, the warmth radiating from her tan, lithe body…it was heaven. Two days after the release of FN-2187, that bliss was interrupted. He awoke to Rey turning in her sleep, groaning. Her eyes were clenched close in sleep and her brow sweaty. Her sleeping shirt was all twisted up to reveal her taut stomach, hard with muscle. “Rey,” he murmured, shaking her. “Love, wake up,” With a little gasp her eyes flew open and her hand scrambled around the sheets to find him. “Ren?” “I’m here.” She rolled over into his chest and pressed herself firm against him. “What is it?” He asked, the urgency in his voice not calming in the least. His dark hair fell into his eyes, tousled from sleep. His hand slipped through the slick sheets to the small of her back, the skin there silky and soft. “Dream,” she muttered. He nuzzled against her ear. “What dream?” Her hand tightened on his shirt. “It was just Jakku.” “Jakku?” She rolled onto her back, but he stayed upright, hovering over her right side. She looked away, already embarrassed. “It was just a dream,” she said. He moved to press his body close to hers, trying to provide comfort the best he could. “A nightmare,” he corrected. Something had shifted. She seemed more distracted, and more prone to unexpected actions. Sometimes she’d cling to him, other times he’d catch her simply watching him, almost apprehensively. And the questions. She had developed a deep desire to know him, even more so than she already did. Which was more than anyone else he had ever met. And he couldn’t help but reflect her want; he craved knowing her thoughts and memories and feelings. He wanted her, in all her entity, desperately. “Do you like music?” Ren hadn’t thought about that in a long time. “I used to. Not the folksy, unsophisticated kind, played by some backwater species. My mother once took me to visit the Ewoks, and their music was as crude and simple as a Gungan’s brain.” She chuckled a little at that, causing small vibrations between their bodies as she laid across his chest, head propped up on her arms. Ren’s arms were crossed between his head, and his fingers twitched at her smile, wanting to touch her. “Do you?” He replied. She smiled, and her eyes grew wistful. “I don’t think you’d like the music on Jakku, but I liked it. It always had a strong beat, a rhythm that made you move. But the Wookies, after a couple of drinks, would sing the most beautiful songs. Like a howl, but it could also be so gentle and sweet.” Gazing off, Ren nodded. Before thinking, his mouth opened and he said, “Chewbacca would sing me to sleep when I was young and accompanying their travels. Always soft and low. Sweet, like you said.” The expression she wore was soft and dreamy, but pain stabbed at Ren. Always, always he pushed these “good” memories back. They were only symbols of his naiveté, when he felt happy and unaware of the conflict in his family, in the way they looked at him. “It must have been wonderful,” Rey said. “Flying around on the Falcon.” Ren’s brow furrowed. “Home sweet home,” he replied darkly. “Was it just you and Han and Chewbacca?” She asked. “Sometimes.” “Luke?” He scoffed. “Luke had many other preoccupations. I was referring to my mother.” Rey grew a bit wistful. “When they saw each other again, after so long, it was like the Force rippled. I know they are twins, but the connection was incredible.” Ren sat up. “They are dangerous and thoughtless.” Rey leaned on his leg, unwilling to be brushed off. “You hurt so much when you ever think about anything good.” He ran his fingers through his hair. “I was a fool then, blind to the harsh reality.” Ren expected her to argue with him, but she only said, “Explain it to me.” This was exactly what he didn’t want to talk about. She’d only be hurt. He’d seen her mind, how much she idolized Han Solo. And just from the awe in her voice he knew how she admired his mother and Luke. He must have paused too long, lost in inner conflict, because she laid her head down and sighed. It was clear from her expression that she didn’t expect him to answer. He tugged his hand from behind his head and let his fingers smooth her glossy hair. “Han Solo resented my birth. It was Leia who wanted children. Even after I was born he wasn’t around much. Mother and I would go with him sometimes, but they decided it wasn’t safe after a while. So I was raised jumping from place to place, watching the New Republic rise from the ashes of the Empire with my Uncle and Mother in the lead. Luke was different, more hopeful and spirited. He wanted to raise an entire new generation of Jedi.” “That you killed.” It stung, but only because she had said it. That hard edge in her voice. Ren pushed away any guilt he had, rationalizing it completely. But she stirred up things he’d rather not recall. “Yes.” He retorted. “I always showed Force abilities, and I loved it. But all the other children were afraid of it. Some tried to make fun of me, until I dealt with them. Mother thought I just needed a teacher, but my father resented my power, always thought I was a brute. That I was dangerous. ‘Normal kids don’t destroy other kid’s toys with the Force.’ He made me a villain before I was old enough to understand the Force!” She sat up, but Ren was seething by now, and paused in his words to calm himself. He avoided her eyes, not wanting to see her judgment. “Once I understood Han Solo’s judgment, his disgust for me, his own son,” Ren spat, “He convinced Leia to send me away. To Luke. And I sensed Luke’s distrust in me. He never treated me like his nephew, he humiliated me and undermined my skill in his stupid school. My parents didn’t want me, Luke didn’t want me, only the First Order did!” Rey drew her tan knees up to her chest, eyes large but full of pain. “No one wanted me,” she answered emotionlessly. Ren suddenly remembered seeing into her mind: the vast, huge sands of Jakku, and a little girl screaming. “Come back! Come back!” It felt a lot like what he felt, what he thought as he watched his parents grow small as they sped away, leaving him behind. But he had always had someone there, trying to draw him back. Trying to shape him, not giving up. Rey had none of that. She was left on that dust ball like a piece of garbage. If she had been a different person, she would have become embittered, believing no one loved her. But Rey held onto the belief that they would come back for her. She never gave up hope despite the fact that there was never anyone there, supporting her or loving her. No wonder she didn’t need him like he needed her. She could probably survive anything. Hadn’t she already? Rey He had been quiet for a long time. “Would you ever go back to Jakku?” He asked. Rey glanced up, but his eyes were far away. She shrugged. “I had wanted to, but…I don’t think…what I kept waiting for will come back.” He nodded, and reached out to her. She let him pull her close, let her hold her like she was a child. Buried in the embrace, she remarked, “Someday, perhaps…I’ll go back. Just to get a few things I grew up with. To see it all one last time.” A smile toyed on her lips. “Maybe I’ll buy all the portions.” Ren was quiet again, and she wondered if he didn’t find it funny. When his hold loosened her heart skipped a beat, but he said, “Let’s go. Now.” She pulled away from him to stare at his handsome face incredulously. “Are you mad?” “No,” he replied. “Why wouldn’t we? I want to go with you.” Rey really pushed herself away from him now, avoiding his lingering touch. “Don’t be all stupid and overprotective. I lived there alone for more than ten years, I think I can handle myself.” He caught her chin and forced her to look at him. “I’m not being overprotective again. I want to see where you lived. I want to know your past. I want to…be there.” She pushed his hand away, but found herself searching his face for answers other than the one he gave. It was so strange. “I can do it on my own.” “Let me come with you.” She threw her hands in the air and stood up, shaking her head. “You’ve got to be joking. I said someday, so stop talking about it.” He grabbed at her wrist and pulled her close again. As she always did when he grasped her, she felt the heavy yearn to pull away. But she let him draw her close this time, and was sitting while leaning against him in his arms within seconds. “I want to be with you,” Ren said into her hair. “It will be hard for you. Let’s go now, together.” Her vision blurred, but she wouldn’t let him know how close she was to spilling over with emotion. How strange it was, to have someone that cared like he did. Who wanted to support her like that. It was strange, but it made her feel like something lonely inside her had been kissed. So she simply nodded, and he pressed his lips to her hair, keeping his arms locked around her. She too lifted her arms to keep his where they were, enjoying the feeling of his heartbeat on her back. ~ She wasn't sorry to leave. Still, there was a tight feeling in her chest as they pulled away, Ren's sleek ship loaded with only a few things that Rey said to bring. They sat just slightly apart, waiting. When they arrived on the desert planet, Rey pressed against the glass window, holding her breath. Jakku may have been the place where she was lonely, hungry, and scared, but in the end it would always feel a little bit like home. The ripples of tan sand stretched out as far as the eye could see until it met the bright blue sky. There was no rock, only huge mountains of sand and broken metal. From the window Rey could see the Inflictor , which she had ravaged many times for parts and sped past almost every day on her speeder. She could already feel the hot sun and wind, could already taste the gritty portion on her tongue. If Ren felt anything from her, he didn’t comment. Her mind idly wondered if he was sulking. She had set clear rules for the trip, and he hadn’t liked them. “No mask. No black clothes. No Kylo Ren.” His face had darkened, face contorting with displeasure. “You don’t appreciate my clothes?” She shook her head sternly. “No one with half a brain would wear layers of heavy black clothing on Jakku. You’d die of heatstroke if you weren’t always running around at night or back to your cool ship.” “Is it really such an issue?” He grumbled, his jaw tensing and arms crossing, making him look like a sullen child. Buns bobbing, Rey nodded again. “We need to blend in, not be attacked. No one should know that you are part of the First Order.” His eyes searched her. “Seeing this…Plutt…is it really so important?” She fixed a hard gaze on him. “Yes. This isn’t just about me anymore.” He had stroked her cheek tenderly then, which was so unexpected that she almost pulled away. He might have kissed her, but then she said: “And the ship can’t stay either.” Ren was hard to convince that the ship would be stripped by morning and they would be stranded; regardless of how scary he was, many were willing to risk death to eat. Not only that, but it was possibly the most inconspicuous thing they could show up in. So it was agreed; a trooper would fly them to the planet, and eject them in a shuttle. When they were ready to return, they could send up a signal from a small device kept on Ren’s person. “It’s time,” Ren said to Rey, and she drew herself away from the glass. Ren, being the bigger one, stepped into the shuttle first. Rey entered next, finding her body flush against his. His arm encircled her as the door whizzed shut, and she exhaled and leaned against him. For the moment, she was glad to have him with her. She wasn’t frightened, but felt a sense of dread. She kept thinking about her home in the ATAT, and how she’d be face to face with her old life. Before the resistance, before the Force, before Finn and Ren and Han. When she was just Rey, a scavenger. For now she focused on the grey material of Ren’s shirt. He wore light grey all over—light grey pants tucked into dark leather boots, a loose charcoal colored shirt and even a thick grey belt. Rey wore her old clothes, they felt like a second skin. Ren had given her a strange look when she had stepped out of the refresher, like he was seeing a ghost. The shuttle shook as it was ejected, and Ren’s arm grew a little tighter. Rey didn’t mind, she needed the stability; needed his tall, broad, familiar body to lean against. The smell of him alone comforted her. She sensed his unease, but knew he’d get over it. He didn’t need the stupid mask to be as intimidating as he desired. And if he was worried about her, then he would see that she was fine soon enough. She repeated the plan over to herself: Get her things, go see Plutt, then leave. It was simple enough. A blinking light let them know that they were coming in for landing, and soon the shuttle was shaken as it hit the sand. When it finally stabilized and the door’s lock clicked open, both of them let out their held breath at the same time. Rey found herself clutching at Ren, and embarrassingly let go like he was hot. He retreated more slowly, only to reach over and hit the door’s button. Rey gingerly stepped out onto the sand, her hand holding firmly onto the shuttles edge as to not fall from dizziness she felt from the landing. Ren stepped out more eloquently, but immediately grimaced at the bright sun. “Just as I recall. All sand,” Ren finally said, squinting against the sun for the first time. Rey smiled a little, seeing his distaste for it. “A million and one dust motes,” she remarked. He glanced at her, and asked, “Are you warp-lagged?” She scoffed. As if she was so delicate. “It was only one night on the ship.” He nodded briskly, and she looked out over the vast land again and was struck by a feeling of nostalgia. She couldn’t help but feel the absence of her staff and wraps against the hot sun. In the far off distance, a dark blur indicated the huts and tents that made up the Nima Outpost. “Shall we find your...hovel?” “No,” Rey replied, staring off at the Outpost, her voice detached. “I want to go there.” Notes: Sorry for the short chapter, but the pacing just set it this way. Should be longer than usual next time~ And soon we shall have more smutty times, hehe. Thanks for all the comments and stuff, they rock my damn socks! Chapter 18 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Ren Stars, was she nuts? They tromped across the sand slowly, without speaking. He was already hot, despite his forced change of attire. And unfortunately she seemed to be much more agile and light on the shifting ground than he was. Each step sucked him into the sand, and only the thing keeping him from losing his temper was the fierce, determined look on Rey’s face. She squinted into the sun without struggle, and to Ren, she was never more beautiful. Somehow she looked right here, the tan of her skin and the highlights of her hair glowed in the bright light. Now that he compared the two, she seemed almost drab on the ship, like the color had been leeched from her. Yet in the strong, hot wind, she was as fierce and bright as star. It took a very long time for them to finally reach the outpost. As they paused at the edge, Ren muttered: “Tell me that we aren’t walking all the way back.” Rey gave him a sidelong glance and shrugged, but Ren saw the up tilt of her lips that meant she was joking. “You have the money?” She asked, a little anxiously. “Yes. Not credits.” He handed it over to her quickly, and she gazed at it with a hungry look. All he hoped was that they would buy some water first. Rey grabbed his arm and looked up at him, her eyes serious and intense. “Thank you.” Ren’s face softened, and they looked at each other for a long moment in silence. Then Rey turned and strode forward. “My speeder has got to be around here somewhere. The north side of the outpost is probably the best place to start.” He quickly caught up to her with his long stride. “Water, love. Rearrange your priorities.” She paused and gave him a look that made even him wary. “Speeder first,” she growled. “Then we will get what we need.” He wasn’t willing to argue with the woman whom held all their money in her hand. Besides, his dark eyes couldn’t stop following her, so how could his feet? Countless creatures, bleached and tanned by the sun, shouted amidst poles connected by rags. Large earthen pots, their texture grainy from the sand mixed with the clay, were numerous. Each contained a mixture of things, mostly metal parts and grimy water. Rey’s face was set hard, searching, but Ren detected an ache echoing from her. But she said nothing, only weaved through the tables and crowd, appearing unfazed of the smell of sweat and spirits. Ren recognized the atmosphere of despair—he had created it himself many times. But the image from Rey’s memory, of her amongst these people, one of them. It was unnerving. The wares turned into machines, many of them. Larger and larger until Rey’s pace slowed and she drew towards a stand with a hooded, glaring Kyuzo. His yellow eyes, set deep in wrinkled grey skin, narrowed as they drew close enough to hear the rasp of his breath. “ Kalu kazac fortra hasta?” It asked. To Ren’s surprise, Rey leaned forward and answered back almost as quickly as the Kyuzo had asked. ” Handta yo kior eegar porsar, Drego,” she replied, voice hard. The Kyuzo rubbed the stand beneath its three fingers, slitted pupils thinning and then expanding. It’s mouth was covered, and it lingered closer and closer to Rey, eyes squinting more and more, as if it was trying to get a better read on her. “Aran kafcoo. Ptyur dar frwer!” Ren, trying not to appear as puzzled as he was, watched the conversation go back and forth until Rey stood back, straight and tall. There was silence, and then finally the Kyuzo ground out an answer, beckoning towards Rey like he wanted something. She paused, nodded, and then plunked down two coins that she had pulled from the sack. They were gone in a flash, and Rey turned back towards Ren. “How many languages do you speak?” He asked, and she flashed an unexpected smile. “I forget, honestly,” she admitted absentmindedly, and he wondered if she was being modest. She touched his fingers briefly as she passed, and again, he followed. In a somehow dark corner of the post, three Teedos squabbled together, one’s fingers mending a large, heavy net. A large Luggabeast was tied up behind them, placidly chewing on some meal. When Rey approached them, they paused and drew silent. Like a shadow, Ren hovered behind her, letting his dark, forbidding eyes fall onto the three before them. They were all wrapped in dirt dyed strips of fabric, like Rey had to her arms and legs to protect her skin. Ren opted for his armguards and gloves, and had replaced his helmet with a different, cloth hat wrap. These Teedos all had metal helmets with a breathing apparatus attached, but their green feet and hands stood out in the sun proudly, like flaking pieces of green bark. Rey spoke first, sharp and demanding. Two of the Teedos spoke over each other, one waving its fist. Rey slammed her hand on the table and pointed to the mountain of metal and cloth behind them, and Ren drew close behind her, glaring down at the Teedos. All but one grew quiet and wary. The other, glancing furtively at Ren’s imposing figure, spoke again but quieter than before. Rey, tense, shot Ren a look that clearly stated that he was unneeded. Stubbornly, he stood protectively before the stand with her. Rey continued the argument, until finally they seemed to reach a grudging agreement. The more confident of the three gestured them forward, and Rey followed him eagerly a few rows down. Shortly, the Teedo stopped before a large, covered figure. He glanced back, but then tugged the dirty cloth off to reveal a long, rust red vehicle that could only be the speeder Rey sought. He felt the jolt of energy from Rey as it was uncovered, only confirming what he already knew. She pushed past the vendor and ran her hand down the long surface, checking the inside and the sides of it closely. Ren watched that beautiful smile of her’s appear, but then she forcefully peeled it away as she turned back to the Teedo. “ Parquad ail.” She said firmly, and then counted out a handful of coins to the Teedo, who grabbed them greedily. He eyed the bag, but she tucked it away fast and he watched her pull the speeder away. “Does it still work?” Ren asked as they walked away, and Rey’s smile snuck back. “Yes. I’m lucky they didn’t take it apart, all they did was turn it off so the chassis wouldn’t electrify them,” She grinned at him, proud. “They knew it was too valuable to take apart, but no one can use it after it’s powered down. It only powers up with my fingerprint!” Startled, Ren shook his head. “I should never underestimate how clever you are.” She laughed a little and paused at the edge of the marketplace. “I’ll go and get us some water. You stay with the speeder.” It was irritating that he got the waiting job. It was true he didn’t speak the languages, but he was used to leading, not following. Gritting his teeth a little, he nodded. She left him, and he took a moment to look over the speeder himself. It was clearly handmade, not sleek like the First Order’s ships. But somehow, all the parts fit together like they had been made to. Nothing seemed jammed or out of place. She was clever, his Rey, cleverer than one should be growing up alone on Jakku. She was clearly highly intelligent even without a real education, and her skills—they were exemplary. A thrill went through them as he realized again how powerful she would be with the Force once she was trained. After years on Jakku, she had perfected many languages and engineering. And quite possibly, piloting. With effort and practice, she would surely excel just as much, if not more, with the Force. Just as he was shaking off his excitement, he spotted the light brown figure coming closer. Rey was carrying three large canteens, which suddenly reminded Ren how thirsty he was. She immediately handed him one once they were near, and went to putting the others in the sidebags of the speeder while he drank. “Better?” She asked, and he lifted his eyebrow at her coolly. “Don’t tell me you haven’t drank any at all,” he said. Yes, she was adjusted to this planet. But surely her body was almost as parched as his. “Of course. Then I filled it up before I left. No sense in walking back with a half-filled canteen.” She walked the speeder over to a spot and tied it deftly to a stray pole and powered it down before returning to him. “We have one more thing to do here,” she said. This interested him; surely this was why she asked for so much money. “What is it?” She drew him to the side. “Go to that counter in the middle of that crowd, and buy out all of portions. Every one. He’ll give you trouble, so you must offer him all the money after a few minutes. He will keep some portions back regardless, but don’t settle for less than 10,000 full portions.” Her eyes shifted and she drew the cloth round her head. “Why?” Ren asked. He let his hand curl around her wrist as she tried to hand him the money. “Is that Plutt? The man who—“ “Yes,” she hissed. “But I don’t want any of your protective bullshit now. You must get the portions, Ren! If he sees me, he will know. And I took the Falcon from him, so I can’t be detected anywhere close to there.” “And then what are you going to do?” Ren said irritably. “Turn a profit?” The look she gave him was scathing. “For once, just do what you’re told,” she fussed. They held a gaze for a moment and then he leaned in and kissed her, briefly pressing his lips to hers, hard. He drew back and didn’t break eye contact until he turned to go to the counter, the money grasped tight in his hand until he tucked away the shining pieces into his vest. “Move,” he barked as he stepped into the crowd. If they didn’t understand his words, they could surely understand his tone. A few stepped back, but others held their ground and glared. If only he had his mask… Once he had every pitiful creature behind him, roasting him with their eyes, he made it to the stand. “Get out of here, scum,” the giant Crolute snapped. “I see nothing to sell.” A few thugs at the edge of the stand stepped forward. Ren scoffed, his fingers curling around the edge of the counter. “I’m not here to sell. I’m here to buy,” he said lowly, letting his eyes settle on Plutt. He could feel the dark within him, flooding through his veins. This was the man who starved Rey, who let her waste away into the sand. Who let her stay and hope on this planet for years, thinking someone would come back for her. Manipulated her, forced her to become so hard, so forbidding of others. She had her compassionate heart, but it was no thanks to Plutt. Ren had rifled through Rey’s head, and he not once saw her sheltered or fed by him. Perhaps she didn’t remember it all, but he doubted that the greedy man had ever helped her. “Buy?” No grin came from the Crolute, but the thugs hesitated. “What parts are you looking for?” Ren shook his head slowly. “Portions. I have money.” Plutt squinted at him, frowning at the unusual request. Barter was the protocol here, it seemed. “It’ll cost you. How many?” Ren licked his lips. “I want them all.” A moment of stunned silence. Then Plutt roared. “Who do you think you are, trying to buy me out at my own stand?” He thundered. “I’m the boss around here—“ “I don’t want your job,” Ren hissed. “Just the portions. I need them.” “For what?” The boss asked incredulously. “You couldn’t afford it.” “Name a number and a price,” Ren said, leaning forward as the wind picked up. He could feel Rey on the edge of his perception, tense and waiting. Plutt shook his head. “You will name a number and a price,” Ren tried again, threading the Force into his words this time, pushing at the creature’s mind. But it did nothing, not even dazing him. “Show me what you’ve got there,” Plutt said. Ren gave a short laugh. “I’ve got plenty. Name a number and a price.” Plutt gestured with his fleshy hand. “Prove it.” Sighing, Ren reached into the right side of his vest and summoned a piece of gold into his hand. If they attacked him, they’d go for the wrong side. He placed it on the counter and Plutt looked at it carefully. Finally he leaned back. “8,000 portions…for 10,000 pieces.” The crowd gasped and muttered, but Ren didn’t sweat. He was, unfortunately, a Solo, which meant he had excellent haggling skills. “15,000 for 5,000 pieces,” he countered. Plutt laughed in his face. “Go elsewhere, boy. You’ll not be getting another offer from me.” Ren shook his head slowly, a small smile quirking up his lips. “How about 17,000, and I don’t kill you?” He knew this was not what Rey wanted. But this was not an ordinary situation, and he wanted, if nothing else, to take this man down a peg. Plutt quirked a finger and immediately three of his thugs rounded the corners of his hut. All creatures shrieked and scattered, some even leaving behind their pieces of junk. One man kicked a sack full of metal clear across the dusty yard. Ren didn’t turn around. He waited until the right moment, enjoying the suspense. Then, without even using the force, he used his speed to knock down the first man, kick the second, and elbow the third. He hit just the right spot on every man but one, which simply meant that he needed to connect his fist with the last thug standing once more. They bounced only slightly as they hit the sand, and the only damper on the entire thing was that he could feel Rey’s disapproval from across the post. “The hell—“ Plutt gaped a little, eyes narrowing and fists slamming down on the counter. “You waste my men, try to buy my portions…” “I am not trying,” Ren interrupted. He gestured with a dark glare. “Do we have a deal?” “They aren’t my only men,” Plutt threatened. “I’ll make you a deal.” He was clearly sweating, literally and figuratively, his pale dome gleaming. “10,000…for 12,000 pieces.” Ren lowered his gaze. “12 for 10.” Plutt swallowed and his eyes went immediately to Ren’s outstretched fingertips as he made them twitch just once. “Fine,” he ground out. “But you’ve got 24 hours to get out of Niima before I make you leave.” Ren held back a disgusted snarl. “Just give me the portions.” There were so many that Ren couldn’t fit them in his entire bag. However, Rey had told him to put another black bag in his current one, so with that he had them all. People gazed with big eyes in awe. However it wasn’t the kind of feared awe he was used to—it was disbelief, jealously, longing. Ren spotted a thin, dark haired girl with a long scar running through her scalp and forehead. She reminded him of Rey, and a pang went through him as he watched her stare at his bag yearningly. She was waiting for him, hands clutching the net on the side of her speeder. “How many?” She asked urgently, eye only on the bags. “How many??” Ren gave a cocky half smile as she tugged a bag off her shoulder. “More than 10 thousand. 12.” “Gods,” she breathed, looking into the bag and running her hand through the plastic packages. “Oh there’s…there’s so many.” Her eye was a little wild, her voice unbelieving. It gave him a strange ache, watching her oogle the tiny pouches of ancient, freeze dried sustenance. He remembered way her eyes had widened that first time they had eaten together, and he wondered if she still dreamed of the hunger. “What shall we do with them?” He asked, and she looked up, licking her lips and swallowing. “I’ll show you,” she said. Rey So much food. She imagined it in her belly, stretching it until it burst. She could hide in her AT-AT and live for years off these bags, bags so full and lovely— No, no. She wasn’t that girl. She wasn’t…that girl. She felt the darkness of Ren’s shadow cross over her face as he stepped closer and she looked up. “Put a few with the canteens for us,” she said. He tilted his head at her. “There’s food on the ship,” he objected. She slapped a few portions on his broad chest and didn’t answer except to stalk off towards the center of outpost. “Rey!” He hissed, shoving the portions into the speeder’s pocket pouch and hurrying after her. Just as she reached the edge of the crowd, she stopped, waiting for him. Evening was afoot—the sun was beginning to dip lower in the sky. The throng of people in Niima were just beginning to head out. Rey’s eyes were dark, her mouth hard. She could tell that Ren didn’t like her much right now. He nervously clenched and unclenched his fist, staring at her as she scanned the crowd, the bags of portions flanking each of her sides. A light hand was held protectively on each bag’s close. No one could wrestle them away from her. Out of the corner of his eyes, Rey could see four creatures, two male, two female, at Plutt’s stand. He was angry, very angry. “Ren,” she said quietly. “Don’t kill anyone.” He narrowed his eyes at her and didn’t respond. She began to push through the crowd, to a small stand with empty crates. Ren followed her easily—something about him made people scatter. Placing her hand on his shoulder, she pushed off so she could jump up on top of the pile of crates, her boots hitting the dusty boards with a hollow sound. At the edge, Ren whipped his head around to stare at her indignantly. She licked her lips and swallowed. “People!” She bellowed, and there was rustle of silence with stares. Rey dug her hand into the bag and pulled out a handful of portions, holding them above her head. “Plutt doesn’t own you anymore!” She threw the first handful into the crowd, and there was madness. People wrestled over the few she had thrown, missing her next handful. She used both hands now, and the crowd roared. Rey spotted Plutt’s face among them, recognizing her and drawing closed with fury. He tried to fight through the swarm, but the starving scavengers wouldn’t be deterred. “You!” He screamed, pointing his fleshy finger up at her. She could see his men trying to push through the crowd, an unexpected shield. Ren, stuck among the crowd, saw them too. Rey caught his dangerous look as people began to climb onto the crates, trying to get to Rey’s bags even though she was emptying them as fast as she could. Rey could barely watch as Ren pushed people off the crates, away from her. As she rained portions down on the crowd, she felt a bloom of pride. There were tears on an old woman’s cheeks, running past her sun-set wrinkles. And there was Ren, brow furrowed as he fought against his primal urge to destroy everyone around him. Ren seemed to enjoy taking down the first of Plutt’s men who made it through the crowd. His dark, wild hair spilled out into his eyes, making his dangerous little smile the only thing clearly visible to Rey. He moved like a large feline, coiled to pounce—and fast. Plutt somehow made it into the heart of the crowd and began pushing and taking back the portions Ren had bought. She saw him with a handful, then an armful. A child screamed in the crowd. “Ren!” He turned and saw where she looked and began weaving through the throng. His dark head was all that was visible through the food Rey continued to throw, but then Plutt was lifted into the air, and part of the focus began to shift from her to him. But Plutt’s eyes were on her as a circle around him and Ren was cleared. “You took my ship!” He yelled. “You took my portions! I gave you everything, I kept you alive, I--!” A squashed scream came from him as Ren most likely crushed his windpipe. Spit dangled from the man’s lips, and his eyes rolled. Ren’s long rigid arm tensed and Rey paused as Plutt’s eyes bulged and his skin greyed. Finally his body went slack and the crowd roared. Damn it, she told him not to kill anybody! Her fingers brushed the bottom of the bag and she realized it was out. There were only a few more in the other. Tossing them out into the people, she backed up from the crowd that was beginning to crawl up the crates, wanting more. Feet landed right by her and she jumped until she recognized Ren’s black boots. He yanked her up and began dragging her down the other side of the pile. “Let go!” She squirmed from his grip, but he continued to move away from the crowd, fast until they could see the speeder. She yanked her arm from his hand. “Ren, don’t—“ “What the hell was that?” He asked, raking his hand through his dark hair. “You could have been swarmed.” Rey crossed her arms. “I wanted to spread out the portions and stop Plutt from monopolizing them. So no one else would starve.” Ren made a noise of irritation. “Well you could have done the same thing by killing him.” “Well you took care of that, didn’t you?” Rey replied, and Ren fell silent. She sighed and took his hand. “I guess it’s best that he’s gone. But now the portions can’t just go to his men. Maybe now everyone will have a chance.” “Maybe.” She could tell he had different ideas about the situation, but he was smart enough to keep it to himself. She scratched her back. They needed to leave before Plutt’s remaining men found them. Besides, there was nothing left here for her--except for the ATAT. Notes: Thanks for the comments everyone! They fueled me to write this chapter. Y'all are the bomb! Chapter 19 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Ren They approached her speeder, and Ren had a small flare of hope. “Should I call for the ship?” “No.” “Why not?” “We’re not done.” He grunted, watching her out the corner of his eye as she gracefully threw herself up onto the seat of the vehicle. “Come,” she commanded, and patted the place behind her. Immediately Ren felt distaste rise within him. “You’re kidding.” She wrinkled her freckled nose. “No. Come.” “The exhaust cone will be too hot to sit on,” he objected, running a hand through his wild hair. She snorted. “There’s a high density shield coating it. If there wasn’t, I wouldn’t have a backside.” He was not doing that. Sitting behind her, holding on like a scared child. “I’ll walk.” “Stop being a stubborn ass,” she snapped. “Are you really that senseless?” He stared up at her as she squinted down. They held a steady gaze, until finally the impatience wore out. Wordlessly, he climbed up and behind her. “Hold on,” she said, a bit of tease in her voice to mock him. He pressed his lips together firmly, but wrapped his arms around her waist. Luckily he did, for they went off like a shot. She laughed as they sped fast over the sand, a loud, ringing sound. She cheered as the speed increased, and Ren narrowed his gaze as she leaned forward. What the hell was this thing made of? Suddenly they were tipping, turning. Flipping! They were upside down then right side up. She had rolled them, mid flight. This was nothing Ren hadn’t seen before from his cocky father, but never purposefully on an open speeder. Still, it seemed to thrill Rey, who was happier than he had possibly ever seen her. A huge grey form took shape in the distance, and grew until it took the form of a fallen AT-AT walker, the kind used by the Empire. When they slowed down to a stop, he was startled because Rey had never mentioned that she had lived in a walker. But, he supposed, it was much better than some mud hut or ragged tent. He imagined a skinny little girl crawling inside the metal frame and curling up in the sand within. They both dismounted from the machine, and Rey quickly connected a wire on the side to ensure its safety. But then she paused, the laughter gone out of her, and he came up behind her. “It feels like it’s been ages,” she said quietly. Her feelings felt tumultuous, making Ren unable to read any of them. He stared at her, and she didn’t say anything else. Finally, she licked her lips and then took a few slow steps to duck inside. Ren went in after her, and bumped into her because she had stopped again. He blinked against the change in light, and touched her arm gently. It was grey inside, full of metal corners. The floor was metal, and the place was dark, the light coming in from the bright hole of a doorway they came in from. Little shelves full of small, polished chrome bits and other things were all around, and two propane tanks housed what appeared to be a makeshift stove. A few metal containers were stacked neatly, and resembled dishes. A sleeping hammock, quite dusty now, hung in a small alcove with a makeshift lamp. Only one folded blanket laid on it. Another, more forlorn blanket laid on the floor like a small nest although it contained nothing. But overall, what was most striking was a large, tall wall that curved upward and was covered in small tally marks. They went higher than Ren, and went farther than two of his arm spans. Thousands of little marks, all over the walls like décor. Rey caught his eyes and emotionlessly said, “One for every day I was here. So I could keep track.” It was overwhelming, and Ren could almost taste the loneliness that the walls displayed. It echoed the cries he had heard in Rey’s mind, the ones that haunted him sometimes at night when he thought of her. Rey turned slowly and walked around pointing out things to him then, forcing him to pay attention. “A doll I made…a flower that grew here once…some rocks I liked and kept…my stove, built from an old generator…my wash tin…my bed.” She pointed to the small blanket on the floor. “That’s where BB-8 stayed the night when he was here.” Ren’s eyes narrowed then, but something in her voice made him look to her next. He saw her expressive face deceive her inner feelings; she bit her lip and looked sad. “Rey?” He asked, but she didn’t answer. The light, fading from the sky, was making the place darker and the mood much more somber. Ren heard the flap of wings from somewhere outside and frowned. “Let’s just eat,” Rey said flatly. Ren nodded and ducked out of the small place to retrieve the small bag from the speeder that contained the few portions and water that was left. When he returned she hadn’t moved, only snapped her head to meet his eyes when he came through the door. “Here,” she said, and he gave her the bag. He stood there awkwardly as she began cooking, stripping the plastic off the green slabs and tossing them in the pan. He came up behind her and was surprised when she brushed off his touch. “Will you light the lantern?” she asked, and after a moment, he nodded. She couldn’t see him, but didn’t comment. She finished cooking after he lit the lantern and looked around again. She wordlessly handed him a plate and cocked her head towards the door. He followed her out and sat next to her in the sand as the sun set. As Ren choked down what was surely the worst food in the galaxy, he and Rey sat in silence. He knew that everything must be overwhelming her, so he squashed the frustration the built inside him at her reserve. His effort was rewarded when she laid her head on his shoulder. “It’s kind of rotten, isn’t it?” She asked, referring to the food. He chuckled and put his arm around her. “Terrible.” She paused, then answered, “I ate it for so many years. Just that, nothing more.” Her voice broke on the last word and he tried to comfort her. “It’s alright,” he tried, but she shook her head. “Everything was so different,” she replied. “I’m tired, Ren. I’m tired.” He reached for her but she pulled back again. “I just…I want to be alone. Tonight.” He gaped at her. Sure, her little hammock wouldn’t fit them both, but what did she expect him to do? Sleep in the goddamn sand? However, she didn’t give him time to question her and instead darted up and inside the door. He was left outside, alone. After about half an hour of trying to keep his damn temper under control, he went inside. She was curled up in the hammock, back to him, and he angrily grabbed the stupid blanket the droid had used on the floor. Balling it up beneath his head, he went out and laid on the sand he hated. Rey had blocked him completely, only adding to his frustration. With a tight chest and a pounding headache, he fell asleep. ~ His eyes were as gritty as the rest of his body. His grey clothes were peppered with dust and grains of sand. If the dinner had been bad, the night of sleep was worse. The already blinding sun had woken him at the crack of dawn, and he felt the stir of Rey’s energy inside the ATAT. He got up slowly, listening. He hesitantly went inside, scratching his head to rid his dark, waved hair from the sand. Rey was still curled up on the hammock, but her thin shoulder blades shook. With a frightening jolt, Ren realized she was crying and went to her. “Rey, Rey…What’s wrong?” She turned to him and he knelt down to be level with her. To his surprise, she threw her arms around him. “It didn’t work…it didn’t work!” Trying to keep calm, he sat back and let her slip into his arms. “What? What didn’t work?” He asked, but she just sobbed and shook her head. Swallowing hard, he tried again. “You have to tell me. Explain what’s wrong!” He felt her nod and take a hitched breath. She pressed her eyes into him as he gripped her tight. “I just wanted to feel it, one more time. To wake up and before I remember, to just feel like me again…to have that life again. Uncomplicated, simple. No force, no resistance, nothing!” She held onto his shirt tightly. “Just one more time...” “I know, love,” he whispered, finally understanding as he stroked her hair. He had wished that before as well. To wake up from a dream of before though…it was painful. “I was nobody,” she murmured into his chest. “And it wasn’t always bad.” He held her and they swayed as he tried to think of something to make it better. “You’re strong, love. This was just a part of your life. You have to say goodbye.” She sucked in a shaky breath, then slowly nodded. He kissed the top of her head and released her to fetch the cloth bag she had bought yesterday. “What do we take?” he asked. She swallowed and looked about her, slowly. She went to the ragged little doll first, and handed it to him. He placed it into the bag softly. Next was an old comlink, an imperial one. She gave him an old, dried flower that was between two pieces of parchment. She stroked a Rebel pilot helmet, but didn’t give it to him. “Do you want that?” he finally asked, gently. She looked at him for a moment and then slowly put it on and gazed about her. He said nothing, only watched her like he was seeing the last bird of its kind. After a moment she took it off and shook her head. “No, I don’t want it,” she replied. Even softer, she added, “I’m a real pilot now.” He gazed at her for a long moment, watching the shadows from her long eyelashes drape across her cheeks as she gave the helmet a final, gentle pat. She seemed to desire nothing else, only going and drawing her fingers across her things until she came to the wall of marks. He came to stand beside her, seeing the shadows beneath her wide eyes. “It was so long. So long, waiting.” He nodded. “We will find out about them, Rey. I promise.” She continued to gaze at them, but gradually reached out and took his hand. He held it firmly and let her be the one to pull them away from the scene and back to the entrance. “Rey…” Ren started. “The speeder?” She looked up at him with a startled, almost heartbroken expression. “I…I can’t. It’ll rust out here, and I…” He got the sense that she was going to begin crying again and cursed her as his only weakness. “Don’t fret. I’ll have it picked up…and dropped wherever you choose.” Rey's eyes were wide with shock now, her soft lips an O. “You’d do that?” He glared fiercely at her and then cast his gaze ahead. “Yes.” She leaned her head against his arm and clutched his hand tight. “I love you.” He couldn’t answer back, only nodded. The tracker, having been pressed before, began flashing. The plane had come to pick them up. ~ Rey Hollow and tired, she leaned against Ren for the rest of the trip. He seemed content to hold her despite the emotional rollercoaster she had felt him ride throughout their time at Jakku. He wasn’t good at hiding his emotions from her. She had cried it all out on Jakku, but still felt the echo of the ATAT in her ears. She hated it, but she loved it. She hated her time on Jakku, but she still longed for it. It was incredibly frustrating, making her want to do nothing but forget. If Ren sensed this, he said nothing. When they arrived, he changed and kissed her before leaving to report on whatever excuse he had come up with to go to Jakku. After every grain of sand was washed down the drain in the refresher, Rey climbed into bed but couldn’t sleep. Her mind was too full of thoughts and memories; her heart beat too fast. It was a relief when Ren returned, for it was something else to focus on. He came and sat on the bed and cupped her cheek. “Are you alright?” he asked. She nodded, but he didn’t seem appeased. After stripping off his robes, shirt, and boots, he crawled into bed with her. “I’m sorry I made you sleep on the sand,” she told him. “I’m sorry I had to eat that portion.” She shoved him a bit. “Ass.” He kissed her neck and kept himself there, pressing his lips along the base. “I’m sorry anyone has to eat that filth,” he murmured. She recalled the sea of people, grabbing at the many, many portions they had distributed. “Mmm…To some, it’s gold.” “And you it’s charitable giver,” he said sarcastically. She sighed, not expecting him to really understand. She rolled over and looked into his eyes, remembering the tenderness he had displayed to her throughout the entire time. She hadn’t realized how hard it would be, and she saw now how much she needed him there. Really needed him. “I need you,” she suddenly voiced, and his eyebrow cocked itself at her. “You need me,” he repeated, asking for clarification. The hint of disbelief in his tone made her want to just kiss his foolish mouth. She nodded, suddenly remembering before, how she had told him the opposite. And how it had hurt him. “Always. I was wrong. I will always need you.” His eyes, usually so hard or angry, were filled with such emotion that it embarrassed her. “I need you too,” he said with a shyness she had not seen before, his eyes downcast before she leaned forward. They kissed very softly and he continued to do so down her cheek. “Ren?” “Hm?” She inhaled deeply for this one, cheeks growing warm. “I also…need you…right now.” She hadn't voiced this before, just initiated things with her touch, not words. He pulled back and scanned her pink face with suspicion, as if she was joking. Then he brightened with understanding and smiled mischievously. “Need me, hm?.…doing what?” She shoved him, hard this time, but lucky for him he was ready for it. “Don’t be perverted,” she scolded, and he laughed in her face. “That ship has sailed.” Her face must have betrayed her dismay, because he leaned closer to her ear, his lips and nose brushing against the soft skin and murmured: “I won’t tease you. I need you as well. Very much.” He kissed her, but then pulled back, face contorting into a small grimace. “You didn’t want this. Before. Have you changed your mind?” She nodded very slowly, resting her head on his shoulder. “I want this. I want you.” He caught her chin and made her look up. “I want you too. Always.” Rey’s eyes closed and a sigh escaped her as Ren’s hand crept beneath her tunic. The pads of his fingers made delicious tremors run up her spine, and their lips met in a soft clash. His lips pressed hard against hers, their tongues intertwined. Their clothes were soon wrestled off and their bodies pressed close. Rey whimpered and sunk her nails into Ren’s flesh as he touched her. “Come here,” he whispered, pulling her up so that she sat on his lap, his hard cock rubbing against her core. Rey ran her hands down Ren’s scarred skin, kissing and loving every inch. A heady sigh left the man’s lips as she brushed against his hardness. His hands kneaded her breasts lovingly, eyes hungry. She gazed back at him before smashing her lips to his, wanting, needing. Her hand slipped between them and she took him in her hand and rubbed him against her slick walls. “Rey,” he said, warning in his voice. Rey knew the feeling, she felt it at that very moment. God, she wanted him. Now. She lifted her hips and slipped him in, but only just so he was barely inside. He growled and tried to push himself into her, but she forced him down. “Not yet,” she told him fiercely. “You tease,” he hissed. “Look at me,” Rey said, his dark eyes darting up to stare intensely into hers. “I love you. I love you.” A deep exhale left Ren, his forehead touching hers. “I love you too. Always.” “Always,” she mouthed, and then lowered herself onto him as they kissed. Both groaned in unison as they finally had some relief in their joining. They moved together instantly, the rhythm falling into place easily. Every breath was a small gasp, every exhale a soft moan. Ren’s hands, placed on Rey’s hips, slipped up and down her ribs and sides of her. “Beautiful,” he breathed. “You’re so beautiful.” Her eyes darted away from his, and he kissed her cheek. When she looked at him, with his dark, soulful eyes, scattering of dark marks, strong arms and waved hair, she felt a longing and desire that she had never felt with anyone else. He was striking and handsome, but the words never came to her. Every inch of him was beautiful to her. “Hold me,” she whispered. His arms came around her fully, and he crushed her to his chest while they still moved together. She pressed her face into the crook of his shoulder. “More, Ren.” He held her even tighter, and finally the tightness in her chest eased. Loved, loved, she felt so loved and safe. The touch of his hot lips on her shoulder and neck only intensified the feeling inside her, and she realized that she was drawing close already. “Oh, I’m—“ She felt it washed over her as he tugged her down, hard. All over, from her fingers to her toes was pleasure. She moaned out unabashedly this time, her loins tightening as she leaned back into Ren’s arms. His hands laid her down onto her back then, their bodies shifting but not parting as Ren began to pound into her once more, even deeper this time. His chest heaved and Rey locked her arms around his neck and her eyes on his. He kissed her deeply and gripped her hips hard as they moved faster. Rey bit her lip as she felt herself begin to mount again, fast. “Rey…” Ren growled as her breath began to hitch. “Come, love.” “Just…a little…harder…” she replied, her breasts brushing against his chest in a roll of their hips. She felt everything that he felt, felt his own pleasure edging close. But what pushed her over was a deep groan that erupted from him as he came himself, making her lose control in his arms once again. Notes: And so their trip to Jakku ends! Thanks for all the support, sorry for the spotty updating. It'll get worse now that the end of the semester approaches us and I have long papers to write :( Your guys comments keep me motivated though, so thanks again! Chapter 20 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Rey It was amazing, she thought, how he made her feel. They hadn’t spoken about Starkiller, or her training, or anything. They had just slipped past it, buried it in the sand. But it nagged at her, every time she saw his scar. Pink and jagged, it did nothing to ruin the attraction of his features. Yet a little part of her hurt when she saw it. When she touched it with light fingertips, her turned away. She felt his disgust. Don’t. There wasn’t much time left; she had been serious about the time constraint. And she wanted answers. She felt like they were drawing closer, and she wanted to tear down the walls she felt. He had been neglecting his duties once they were back aboard his ship to be with her. She had run a hand through his hair and admonished him for it, but he had only crushed his mouth to hers. He wanted to live in a fantasy world. He wanted to forget. Curled into him one night, she let him hold her hand. He was in a mood where little could make him happy. “I wish we were back on Naboo again,” he mumbled into her skin, and her eyebrows raised in surprise. “You do?” He nodded. “Things were good there. It was when we were on Starkiller that things were bad.” She turned towards him and let him lay his head on her breast. His long graceful fingers laced with hers squeezed lightly. “It wasn’t the change of location that did us in,” Rey said lightly. “Mm.” He just said, and she didn’t push it. She closed her eyes instead, worry creeping into her thoughts. He must have sensed the change because he lifted his head and when she opened her eyes, he was staring right at her, the dark gleam of his eyes making it impossible to look away. He kept his eyes locked with hers as he leaned down and kissed her chest. Didn’t look away when he went lower, then lower. He grazed her thigh with his dark head and she swallowed, arousal sweeping through her already. He kissed the closed apex of her legs and she inhaled sharply, head falling back. “Rey,” he called softly, wanting her eyes back on his. He liked for her to watch. His Hands swept her pants down her thighs and peeled them off of her. Next he slid his fingers beneath the thin straps of her underwear, tugging them away as well. She swallowed as he hovered, his gaze momentarily distracted by her bareness before him. His large hands spread her open, and she tensed. He waited, caressing the inside of her thighs with his thumb until he felt her relax. Then he crept closer to the slit beneath dark curls where she was already wet with want. For him. He had admitted before that she was the only person he had ever done this with, but still somehow he knew well what he was doing. A single swipe of his tongue left her boneless and tense all at once. Desire coiled within her, strained, and she loved it. He hummed while he did it, focused and content. She whimpered when he drew circles around the nub that throbbed, and sighed when he went lower to where she ached. He devoured her happily, dark gaze flicking up now and then to see the expressions she could not disguise. Today was somehow different. She was trying to lose herself as she so often did with him, but her chest was tight. She closed her eyes, trying to just feel . She didn’t always let him do this, it felt so open and bare. The first time, she had him hold her hand while he did it—she had been scared. It was too vulnerable. Emotion welled in her, choking her. She tried to stop it, but everything rushed at her so fast; his arms, pinning her legs down, were constricting. Her fear, her memories from Starkiller and the approaching date of her supposed release. The overwhelming feeling of his love and the edge of his darkness. It all came for her in that moment. “Stop!” She cried, letting out a small sob. Her hands, which had been clutching the sheets of the bed, were shaking. Ren’s head bobbed up immediately and the pressure of his arms were gone. She saw the fear on his face, but somehow it only made her more upset and she let out another sob. “Darling,” he rasped. “Did I hurt you?” She reached for him and shook her head. He had her tucked against him immediately, fingers brushing away tears. “You have to let me go,” she cried into his chest. “You can’t do it again, I can’t—“ “What?” Confusion and anxiety made up his deep voice as he tried to pry her from him to see her face, but she clutched him close. She was embarrassed and confused herself—how had she dissolved into this ball of nerves so quickly? “You promised,” she sobbed. “You promised.” His hand smoothed her hair a little too hard—she was scaring him. “I don’t understand, Rey. I thought we had two more days. Did I—did I say something to make you think--?” She shook her head again. “Oh, Ren,” she choked. He held her tightly to him. “Help me understand. I want to understand.” She swallowed hard, trying to stop crying. “I just—I feel like it’s going to happen again. I don’t want to be a prisoner, but I just feel—I can’t stop thinking—“ “It’s ok,” he soothed. “I’m sorry, I’m sorry Rey.” “I know.” A deep, sorrowful sound came from his throat. “No, I—I should have…You’re not a prisoner. I know it must feel like it did last time, but I swear it’s different, I know…” his voice broke. “I know I can’t keep you.” He sounded like he was in so much pain that Rey pulled back. He didn’t meet her eyes, and she touched his cheek. “I still love you,” she said. “I just have to know.” He nodded, eyes distant. “You’re free,” he managed. “Even if you wanted to leave now. I would. I would let you go.” Curiosity nudged at her. “Why is it different this time?” Pain was etched deep in his gaze. “I’m so afraid,” he whispered, his hands coming up to cradle her cheeks. “I’ve been so afraid of losing you. I thought…when you were gone…that you hated me. That I had lost you. That’s why I had to find you, capture you again. I needed to know if it had been a lie. I felt that you leaving meant that you hated me, but I see now that it didn’t mean that.” “Yes,” she said slowly, and without a thought her eyes began to trace his scar. “I know you love me,” Ren said, desperation thick like syrup. “But it’s so easy to forget. I doubt it when you are gone, I wonder…But if I do the right thing, what you want…then maybe it won’t feel like that.” She touched his forehead against his. “I don’t understand Ren. How could you forget?” He shook his head. “The darkness…” he tried, but then failed. “I just have to hold onto it, tightly.” She kissed him carefully on his lips, and then his eyelids. “Let it be known,” she said quietly. “That I love you. I can’t…even when you are filled with darkness, I still love you. I know you’re here.” She leaned back and his full lips faltered. “I won’t give up on you,” she said. “And when I am a monster?” She looked at him reproachfully. “I know it is not who you are inside. I just want you to be you. Why is it so hard?” He shrugged and removed himself enough to stand. “I can’t be a man you want,” he said. She tilted her head and let her shoulders fall. “You are already not the man you were when we met.” He sighed. “Is it love that makes me weak?” She went to stand next to him. “No. It makes you strong. It makes me strong.” “Hm,” was all he had to reply. Kylo He hadn’t realized how much he had hurt her. How scared she was. Rey was a pillar of strength. Only lately had he been able to peer inside and see more. It was nice, really, to have her trust him so. He knew it meant a lot for her to show him the vulnerability she had shown on Jakku and even tonight. It made him only love her more. If it wouldn’t insult her, he would have told her how much he wanted to protect her. To ensure that she never was hurt again. Not by anyone, especially himself. But it seemed inevitable—he was always doing the wrong thing. Even when he knew he was, he still did it. “Sometimes I think you don’t know me at all,” he told her. His voice sounded more tired than he expected. She had a little frown between her eyes. “What do you mean by that?” He smoothed the skin there to erase the frown. “I think you see me as someone I’m not.” Rey shook her head and leaned against him. “I know who you are. I know what you do.” He swallowed dryly. “Yet you are still here. Why?” She circled around to face him, grasping both of his limp wrists in her hands. “Because you are not the man you wish to be. Kylo Ren, the Jedi Killer, is not all you are. It’s not who you are with me.” “It is still a part of me.” She nodded slowly. “You don’t scare me. The darkness is a part of us both.” He stepped in closer to look down at her upturned face. “You could never be like I am. You are a light in the darkness.” Careful hazel eyes considered him for a moment. “We balance each other nicely,” she said. This was something he had not considered, and he felt himself frowning. So it seemed she was right. She stretched up and closed the space between them. Her soft lips melted into his and the tension in him withered. When he broke the kiss, his thumb stroked her cheek as he examined her eyes. “Do you want to leave? Right now?” She shook her head and slipped her arms around him, lying her head on his chest. “No, I’ll stay for two more days. I don’t—“ she paused. “I don’t know when we will be able to be together again.” He nodded wordlessly, stroking her hair. “We’ll figure it out,” he replied. ~ Two fleeting days later, he numbly watched her check the ship for takeoff. She sighed, resting her hand on the ship, giving it a little pat like it was a pet before she turned and caught his eye. “You look so sullen,” she said, clearly in an effort to be lighthearted. Ren reached for her and ignored the effort, trying to soothe the monster inside him the screamed of her abandonment. “You will be all right?” He asked, sounding rougher than he meant. She squeezed him tightly, her arms just reaching all the way around him. “I’ll be fine. I’m only going so far as to change ships.” He felt his lips slide into a pout. He had insisted that the ship wasn’t bugged, but she was firm. And at this point, he found it impossible to argue with her. “Be careful,” he insisted darkly, and she pulled back to look him square in the eye. “I’m going to be fine, ” she stressed, her head cocking to the right. “I’m more worried about you here than I am about myself.” “You have terrible priorities,” he replied. He expected a quick, slashing remark, but she just laughed a little and kissed the corner of his mouth. “Promise me you’ll remember,” she whispered, digging her palms into his dark hair. “ Promise.” Dry mouthed, he nodded. “I promise.” His communicator beeped and his heart leapt at the little sigh she made. Her hands slid from his hair. “Trust me,” she whispered. “This won’t be the last. But I need you to trust me.” He nodded again and looked away, not able to look at her and hide the overwhelming need that had suddenly clutched him. “I love you,” she said, and squeezed his hand. He couldn’t answer her, and as her fingers slipped from his he found it impossible to watch her leave. His empty hand clenched into a fist. The door to the ship closed with a hiss. The sound reverberated in the empty hangar that Ren had cleared just for this. He felt the air pick up as the engines whirred to life and with great resign, he raised his mask up and put it back on. Her ship rose just as his visuals clicked on. Through the visor, he watched the ship hover at the exit, preparing for the jump to hyperspace. As her ship etched out of sight, Ren felt wetness slide down his cheek and into his neck. He turned away as his outer communicator beeped again. With one, swift clench of his fist, he destroyed it. Notes: Sorry this is so late and short, but I wanted to update and let everyone know I'm still alive and loving this story. I simply haven't had any time or motivation due to finals and such, my apologies! You all are wonderfully encouraging and understanding, thank you. Soon enough I'll have more than enough time to write! Until then, imagine Rey's excitement at flying a First Order ship~ You know she'd love it! Chapter 21 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Kylo A few weeks of absolute anguish passed, and after a meeting his presence was called up to the reception deck. “Sir,” a general greeted him with a swift nod. “An unidentified transmission has arrived. Usually we would disregard it, but it was clearly sent for you. Do we have your permission?” Ren heard a huge thud in his chest as it leapt, almost as if it had been silent the entire time before that moment. Rey. Surely it was her. “No!” He snapped. “Give me the chip. I will review it. Privately.” He stared hard at the man through his mask, and the general swallowed hard, his adam’s apple bobbing. “Of course sir,” He said, motioning for a subordinate to fetch the chip. “Shall we—shall we do the same with any others like it, if they come?” Others. Please, god. The younger officer handed over the chip, and the general held it out to Ren. For a moment, he didn’t answer, only focused on the precious little piece that surely held Rey inside. “Yes,” Ren finally snapped, coming back to life. He snatched the chip and whirled out of the room, taking large, fast strides to his apartment. The moments felt like hours—it was surely the longest walk he had ever been on. Inside, he ripped his helmet off and plunked down in the nearest chair, his datapad flying into his hand via the force. His hand shaking ever so slightly, he inserted the chip into the port and held his breath as he approved it’s viewing. A light blue hologram of Rey appeared, her whole body included. She gazed at the camera for a moment, as if she was unsure of what to say. “Ren,” she began, “I wanted to tell you that I’m alright. Don’t look for me—I’m to start my training again. I saw your mother, by the way. She asked about you. She reminds me of you…” The back of Ren’s neck bristled. So the General had asked about him. Almost as if Rey could have sensed his reaction, she waved her hand as if to change her thoughts. “Anyways, I…I miss you. Not that ship, but you. I wish you’d come. The offer still stands.” It was then that she looked straight into the lens, as if she knew he was leaning close, hanging onto her every word. “It’ll always stand. I think of you, and no matter where you go or what you do, I’ll…I’ll love you. Don’t forget. I hope you are alright. Think about it, Ren. I’ll be in touch, eventually.” She reached out, almost as if she could trace his jaw once more. “I’ll see you again.” After a moment, it blinked off, and Ren’s eyes flashed as they tried to adjust to the absence of the hologram’s light. Something within him was filled. Still, he was as desolate as before, but a small flame burned within. To keep him going. To hear her say his name, to tell him of her love. The lack of sureness in her voice indicated that she felt apprehensive in sending him the message; perhaps she was scared of it being traced. Or perhaps it was the vulnerability she had shared. Or maybe it could be that she felt like he did, wondering, fearing that the other felt different now. That the love once held had been snuffed out. Damn her, he couldn’t send her a message back. Nothing of reassurance to her as she had given him. And he had so many questions. Was she to be trained by his mother—or did she go back to Luke? Was Luke coming to the resistance, or was she going to him? And where? Was she safe? Was FN-2187 with her? What about the pilot? She hadn’t mentioned Han Solo—Had he already disappointed her and fled to the scum-riddled Outer Rim? It was incredibly frustrating, but the message had quieted his thoughts. He played it again and again, cherishing certain bits more than others. He then placed it in a small attachment within his helmet where it could only be accessed if the helmet was taken off. He’d have her message close all the time. He didn’t tell Snoke; he told no one. It was his, no one else’s. Rey, speaking only to him. More precious than anything else. ~ Rey Leia’s face held nothing but relief when Rey saw her as she stepped off her ship. Finn was there too, waiting for her, his face etched in worry. “Rey!” She was enveloped in a hug and hugged him back just as tightly. “You escaped! I thought you had made some kind of deal with him, that you’d be trapped—“ “It was only to be for a few days,” Rey said awkwardly, and Leia and her exchanged a look. Leia’s dark eyes—so much like her son’s—were searching. “You’re ok?” Finn asked. Rey gave him a wide smile and nodded. “Perfectly. He gave me a ship, and off I went.” Leia stepped forward and laid a hand on Rey’s shoulder. “We were so surprised when we got your call for a ship. We thought it was some kind of ploy.” Rey lifted up her arms and shrugged. “Just me.” They began walking down the runway, Finn peppering her with questions. “What did he want? He just gave you a ship? What kind of game is he playing?” Rey frowned a little as her gut twisted. She didn’t want to answer his questions, but Finn deserved a real explanation. “Are you alright, Finn? When I last saw you…” He gave her a smile, but it didn’t quite reach his eyes. “I’m alright. Just a bit of bacta and I was better.” Rey tried to give him a smile, but the memory of Ren’s black eyes, narrowed in anger flashed across her mind. “Let’s get you settled in, Rey,” Leia interjected, and Rey was grateful for the diversion. “Oh, well, I was thinking I’d get back to Luke.” Leia stopped and grabbed Rey’s arm, her features sharp with intensity. “You know where my brother is?” “W-Well, I assumed he went back to the island,” Rey said. She looked from Finn’s concerned expression to Leia’s. “He hasn’t contacted you?” “No, we’ve only known what Finn told us. You were picked up there, and Luke was gone.” Rey chewed on her bottom lip. “He’s had to have gone back. He knows I’ll go there looking for him. I have to complete my training.” Leia sighed deeply. “Why don’t you stay here for a bit? We can send someone to the island—“ “No!” Rey was shocked at her own tenacity. “I mean, I think Ren will be watching the island. I think Luke may have left something there, maybe so I can find him. But I don’t think he’ll be there.” She ducked her head down. “Besides, I can’t stay here. I have to get stronger, complete my training.” Finn’s voice was soft. “Stay here, Rey. You’ll fit in great, you can work on the ships.” Leia shook her head, a glint of something in her eye. “No, Rey is destined for something more. She’s right, she should be trained in the Force. You’re sure, aren’t you?” Rey felt a surge of understanding with the older woman. “Yes.” Leia smiled. “Come see me before you leave. Finn will show you to the dorms, where you can rest for a night or two before you take off. Finn, take her to General Leig when she’s ready.” Finn nodded, and Leia turned to go down another corridor. Rey stared after her for a moment before she was tugged by Finn. “Hey, c’mon.” She walked with him, examining the large base. So busy, the halls packed with people talking and laughing and working. The place hummed with the Force, and there were no sticky bits of darkness clinging to the energy. It flowed, like a great river. Finn showed her to a little room with a bunk and a shelf and pointed out the public refresher. Then he and Rey sat down on the bed and he clasped his hands together. “So are you gonna explain all this to me? When I got back here and told Leia everything I knew, she wasn’t as worried as I was. I wanted to go and rescue you, but she insisted we wait. Why?” Rey swallowed and traced the seam of her soft black pants—courtesy of the First Order—and sighed. “Ren…he’s not just the man we fought on Starkiller. Who tortured you. Who interrogated me.” She looked up into Finn’s confused eyes and then back down. “He’s not all dark. With the Force. He’s still got light in him, he’s just…lost.” Finn leaned back a little. “Are you warp-lagged? How—How is it that you feel anything but disgust towards him?” Rey’s cheeks warmed. “He and I, we…” she stumbled. “When he took me capture—the first time—I got hurt, and he was worried about me. He’s twisted by Snoke, and he opened up. We understand each other, and there’s just this pull, this bond , in the Force or just something. He…he cares about me. He loves me.” Finn stood up, and Rey could feel his gaze, hard and intense. “Rey,” he said, his voice shaking. “Are you in love with him?” She couldn’t answer, he throat was tight. A small, small part of her had been so glad that she had not had to tell Finn about this before she left. She knew it would end up like this. “Yes,” she replied softly. His intake of breath was sharp, and when she looked up he wasn’t even looking at her. He ran a hand over his head, and his eyes were wild. “How can you do this?” he finally exploded. “He tortured me and Poe! Killed children! Kidnapped you twice! What is wrong with you? ” Rey balled up the stiff wool blanket beneath her in her tight fist. “I know all that. But I can’t help it, I know, inside, he’s a good man. He’s made many, many bad choices, but somehow, I just—“ She shook her head. “We were both so lonely,” she said. “We found each other, and it felt right.” Finn cast her an exasperated look. “And what, you think you can fix him? The First Order just murdered two squadrons of our soldiers yesterday. They kidnapped me from my family and ruined my life. I have nightmares now, after the torture they put me through, every night. That’s what he is doing, Rey. That’s what he does.” “I know,” She shouted. “I know. But somehow, I still love him.” She buried her head in her hands. She had never felt more ashamed. “I thought—“ Finn’s voice broke. “I thought that someday, maybe…” he shook his head. “I’m lonely too,” he said, so quietly that it broke Rey’s heart. “I thought that maybe someday, I could have been that person for you, and you for me.” Eyes closed and shedding tears, Rey imagined it. Finn was a hundred percent. He was loyal, and he made her laugh and she trusted him. More than anyone, even Ren. He and her were cut from the same cloth, their pasts so similar. They shared so much, and she knew she would have been happy, if it had gone that way. But if they were cut from the same cloth, it made them more like brother and sister. She felt no heat between them, and there was just something else missing. When Ren and her were together, she felt like something inside her finally unfurled. Something she didn’t feel with Finn. “I’m sorry,” she finally said. “I do love you, Finn.” “I know,” he said stiffly. “I love you too.” She nodded. He sat back down. “You can’t fix him, Rey.” She swallowed her irritation. Everyone assumed that she just saw Ren as a broken machine. He wasn’t. “I know. I can’t do anything about who he is or the choices he makes. For now, we walk separate paths.” Finn was silent for a long time. With effort, he finally said, “That must be hard for you, peanut.” She nodded, tears coming to her eyes. “You don’t hate me, Finn? You don’t think I’m warvy?” He clasped her up in a hug. “Nah. I’ll just have to trust you on this one. You always are a step ahead of me.” She laughed, laying her head on his shoulder. “Finn?” “Hm?” “What’s a peanut?” ~ Ren At night, he thought of her. He didn’t allow himself to during the day, unless by accident, so he could try and be free of the pain for a while. But at nights he spoke to his now silent grandfather and laid in bed, the scent of her still clinging to the sheets. The thoughts came once again, whispering in the darkness. Doubts, fears, twisting his memories. But he’d close his eyes then, when a memory began to taste like copper, and remember her face, her words in his ear. Remember, Remember. A bit of calmness would swell to fight against the consuming tide of loneliness. He could breathe a little easier. His nightmares returned without her in his arms, but some nights he was gifted with her smile, her laugh. She scolded him in his dreams for eating less, for being morose and nostalgic. Every waking, every day was a disappointment after those dreams. He went about things methodically without much thought or fire. When Snoke commended him for improvement on his emotional control, Ren felt like a fraud. His lack of rages was simply from him feeling more numb than anything else. He worked with more focus, trying hard to banish her from his thoughts for just a little while longer. He waited for her call, for another promised holo. But one didn’t come. He tried to meditate, hoping to maybe make contact with her, but he found nothing. Emptiness. When his scouter reported her back at the island, he was relieved. He had stationed it be watched for Luke, but also because he thought she’d return. She was alive, she was well. His Rey, on the hunt for Luke Skywalker once again. She stayed a few days, and Ren was sorely tempted to rush there. But he knew she wouldn’t like it, and Snoke had punished him for betraying orders and pursuing her again. A bad decision all around, Ren thought grimly. On the second day, the scouter was hacked. When it was retrieved and decrypted, a message was found having been left among the ware. Of course she had known it was there; he had to stop underestimating her. STOP SPYING ON ME. MEET ME ON CORELLIA, COORDINATES 145, 87 IN ONE STANDARD MONTH FROM TODAY. DON’T FORGET. Ren exhaled, tracing the letters with almost lightheadedness. Finally, finally. He imagined what he would do, what he would say when he finally saw her again. Satisfied, he ordered the scouter to be put back, in a more discreet location. When she disappeared a day later, it was hacked again, with no message. He let himself listen to the holo she had sent him once before falling asleep that night, a true indulgence. In his dream, sweet green grass brushed against their cheeks as they lay under Naboo’s bright sun. ~ Rey She had been spot on about Luke. He’d carved a few old symbols into the wall of a cave they used to meditate in. Luckily for her, Luke had insisted on being thorough with her education and had taught her some basic symbols. Find me where the sun sets twice. There was more than one planet with two suns, but she knew he was talking about Tatooine. His own desert planet. There was a set of general planet coordinates that she wrote down and grinned widely when she realized her old speeder would come into use. She headed back to Leia’s base, where she took a larger ship that could accommodate her speeder to the desert planet. She was dropped off by an outpost, and she was surprised to find it somewhat both similar and dissimilar to Jakku. The air was drier, and the outpost wasn’t full of ragged tents and parts. It was more put together, like a town, with full scale catinas and shops. She wanted to explore, but stocked up on water and instead headed out towards the coordinates. She wanted to lay eyes on Luke as soon as possible. He was cooking food for two when she found him in a rocky cliff cave. “Feeling homesick?” She asked when she entered the door. Luke turned and she felt his quiet relief even if his face didn’t betray it. “Thought I’d try and show you how exciting Jakku was in comparison.” She watched him dump the contents of his pan out onto two dishes and he raised an eyebrow at her. “Drop your things, come on.” She sat down, and it was like no time had passed. He didn’t ask her any questions, and neither did she. They sat in a peaceful silence as Rey gobbled up the stringy meat and vegetable paste Luke had prepared. The spice in it was hot, and she was surprised when he waved away her water canteen and instead presented her with a mug of blue milk. “Nothing will take the heat out of your mouth but that and time,” he advised. After they ate and each washed their single dish, they settled in by a crude fire pit. She sensed he was waiting. So she talked. She told him of Jakku and Ren and Finn and Leia, trying not to sound interfering when she told him how worried the general had been. Luke nodded and looked thoughtful, as he always did. “I thought Ren wouldn’t let you go,” he finally admitted to her when she was done. She shrugged. “I can’t explain him.” “Hm.” Luke frowned, eyes on the fire. “Will we resume my training, then?” she asked eagerly. Luke nodded and stroked his wiry beard. “Here, we can do some of the training I learned from Master Yoda. It’s quite the opposite from where I learned, but it’ll do. Besides, I have a feeling that we may need to accelerate things a little. Are you leaving soon?” She wondered how much of his forecasting was the Force, and how much was simple perception. “In a bit less than a month, but just for a few days. I’m going to meet Ren.” “Why?” This she didn’t know quite how to answer. “Well…He feels like he needs to see me, and we’ll just—“ the tips of her ears burned. “We’ll miss each other.” “Young love,” Luke remarked dryly. Rey felt herself begin to protest. “If there’s any chance of his returning from the dark side, I’ll fight for it. If I abandon him, it’ll only feed into his dark side.” Luke sighed. “One day, you’ll have to separate yourself from him if you want to become a Jedi.” Rey bit her lip. “I don’t know if I can. I mean, if I really want to.” She looked at Luke for a moment before offering, “Love…it makes me feel stronger. It’s what helped me beat Ren on Starkiller. It’s what helped me survive Jakku.” A faint smile appeared beneath Luke’s beard. “I believe that you will be a Jedi all your own,” he said thoughtfully. Rey frowned. “Is that bad?” Luke shook his head. “There were problems with the system to begin with, the dark and the light two drastically separate entities. You were either one or the other—it was why the Jedi only trained those they had had since they were babies. Men like me, and my father, we didn’t have a chance. How do you abandon fear, love, passion? Even Obi-Wan struggled with it.” Rey nodded and drew her knees to her. “What does it mean?” Luke shrugged. “What does any of it mean?” He answered in his maddening way. Rey hated those kind of answers. “Well,” she paused. “Maybe we will all meet in the middle one day.” Luke gave her a glance. “Perhaps.” He stood, and she set up her pallet near the fire. “Tomorrow, at first light.” She nodded, buns bobbing against her head. “Tomorrow.” Notes: I have returned from the darkness of finals! I feel much refreshed. I hope to go back to updating more regularly, but as my last semester is approaching, I fear I will not be able to have a set day that I release a chapter on. I will do my best though; you guys do a fabulous job motivating me. I hope you guys like the new direction of the story, I feel like things are just now starting to really get rolling! Let me know what you think, and have happy, happy holidays! Chapter 22 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The sun was setting as she landed the ship she had borrowed from the resistance on Corellia. Someday, when she had the time, she'd take apart the ship Ren gave her. Once every trace of the First Order was stripped from it, it could be her very own. He wasn't here yet, but Rey felt an edge to her nerves that was distinctly Ren. He was close. She waited, looking around at the lush jungle with wonder. She heard creatures in the trees amidst the vines and was intrigued. Perhaps Ren and her could take a walk, like they used to. If he had the time. She had two days, she wondered if he was able to get away for so long. All that mattered is that he would be here, though. She thought she'd burst when she finally sensed him in the atmosphere. He was landing, and she covered her eyes as debris flew up and around. But then the door was opening and he was coming down the strip and into her arms. They said nothing, just held each other for a long moment. She felt his lips on her hair and he took a deep breath, as if he was smelling her. Finally they parted, looking at each other a little awkwardly. "You look well," he finally said, and she laughed, taking his hand. He relaxed a little, but did not smile. "Come, I've a place for us." Ren scoffed. "Some miserable hovel, I'm sure. Why don't you let me pick out a place?" She shook her head. "It'll be fine. I don't want anything fancy." "Hm, I suppose you don't," he mused, looking at her a bit quizzically. "What?" "Nothing. I'm just glad to see you." She smiled at that. The place she picked was a bit rough, and the woman at the front desk had a knowing smirk Rey didn't like. It implied something that made her gut curl, and she let go of Ren's hand. He noticed, but said nothing. However, once the door was closed he took it again, drawing her close. "Stop worrying." She frowned at him, not sure if she liked him reading her so well. He was the one who's face often betrayed him, and she liked that upper hand. Ren had a little smile on his lips as he cupped her face. "Let me look at you." She watched him examine her, brushing his thumb over her lips with a soft little sigh. "Perfect." She shoved him away half-heartedly. "I can't take you seriously if you are silly." "I am being serious." He tugged her again to his body, pressing their mouths together feverishly. Soon enough they were on the bed, and with a pop she forced them apart. "Wait, wait. I want to talk to you." He groaned. "Right now?" Her glare was enough to silence him, and he pressed an apologetic kiss to her forehead and cuddled her against him. "Talk to me, then." He was warm. They both still had all their clothes on, but she felt so strange, being held. Good strange. "I have so much to tell you," she said, but the sudden urge to spill it all out was gone. She was content with just this. "About your training?" She nodded, but it was much more than that. It was the double sunset on Tatooine, the pod races Luke took her to. It was the first time she was able to levitate her own body. It was the funny story Luke told her, and her conversation with Finn, and the way she thought about him every night when the moon came out. "Cat got your tongue?" She shook her head. "I just missed you." "I've missed you too." She shook her head, wondering if he really understood. She craved being able to share these things with him. She felt like she was forgetting things that she had wanted to tell him. There was no way else to describe it: she wanted to share her life with him, a man millions and millions miles away. "It feels impossible, to keep this up. I want to tell you so much, but suddenly, I…" She didn't want to tell him. She wanted him to be there with her. "It's hard." He hummed his agreement. "Only now does it feel like I can breathe." She rolled onto his chest to be able to look him in the eye. "Is it that bad?" He nodded, eyes distant and sad. "It's better than last time." "Good." He wasn't telling her how he really felt. She knew it was bad, sometimes obsessive. She knew that it wasn't really healthy, but that inside he really did love her. His twisted love right now was still sweeter than anything else Rey had experienced, and she loved him despite the darkness. "I know," she said comfortingly, stroking his arm idly. "I know it hurts you." He nodded, but his breaths became deeper, more relaxed. Rey listened to the sound, and was so focused that his hand on her back surprised her. "I'm tired, Rey." She kissed his chest and closed her eyes. "Sleep then." A little smile crept up. "There's time for everything else later." He examined her face but then kissed her forehead. His fingers idly created patterns on her back as she snuggled into him. She took a deep breath, the smell of his skin so comforting. They fell quickly, succumbing to the intoxicating presence of each other. When Rey finally woke up, she kissed Ren awake and they made love. Three times. It was passionate and desperate, both of them holding onto each other for dear life. She reveled in his body; his muscles dwarfed hers, and she felt like hers were nothing to sneeze at. He made her feel small, his body covering hers, his huge arms and broad chest so strong and solid. She tugged and ran her hands through his dark waves again and again and refused to close her eyes for a moment. She loved his gaze on her, his eyes possessive and loving. She could practically feel his thoughts. She was his, he was hers. He loved her with talons and teeth, with every bit of his darkness. From grey to black, his soul was hers to hold. It was relief, pure relief that Rey didn't know she had been searching for, like cold water on sunburned skin. The awkwardness had slipped away while they had slept, and between their second and third time she told him stories of her training while eating the food he had brought. From time to time, he'd laugh, a deep, rich sound she adored. His serious brow lifted and his soft lips smiled at her, and she forgot that this was all so very hard. "Is this how our lives will be then?" Ren asked her as they watched the sunset from their large window. Somehow he'd convinced her to sit in his lap, and she leaned back against him. "Like what?" "Short reprieves of a few days, then back to our lives?" She shrugged. "How else could we do it?" He was quiet. "What if you get tired of this?" "Then I'd tell you. But I don't think I will." Ren's force didn't feel too happy at her answer. "What about FN-2187?" She smiled a little and felt him bristle. "We had a talk. I told him about us." "And?" "He wasn't very happy. He was worried. And he had thought maybe we'd have become something." A growl ripped from Ren's throat and she jumped, turning to glare at him. "Force, Ren, calm down." He took a breath, but his dark eyes were like a wolf's, sharp and on edge. "I told him it wasn't like that between me and him. You and I have something different that I couldn't just give up. He said he'd just have to trust me." "I see." "Are you being sullen?" She asked, twisting around to try and see his face. "No," he lied. She kissed away his frown. "Stop being jealous." He kissed her neck and she laughed a little, the feeling ticklish. Still, she felt his need of possession. She hadn't forgotten his proposal, and the thought made her stomach sink a little. He nuzzled into her neck, but then pulled away, sensing her discomfort. "What's wrong?" "Nothing," she lied. "Just thinking about tomorrow." He tightened his arms around her. "I know." She let him thread his fingers through hers. The sun had set, making the sky a pretty violet. Rey sighed, and stared aimlessly out at the skyline. Things were never simple. Later, after a late dinner, they were laying on the bed, talking. Rey stroked her hand through Ren's dark hair, enjoying the silky texture. Her hair was never like that, dull and frayed from the harsh soap she had used all her life. Ren seemed to enjoy it anyways. Rey thought of his hair swaying, blowing through the wind. Dancing across his features. "Do you know how to dance?" Rey asked suddenly. Ren's lip curled a bit. "No." "Me neither. Saw it in a holo once." She remembered the couple dancing, their bodies moving together, so in sync. It reminded her of Ren while he was focused when he fought. Graceful, turning, swiftly deft with his feet. She had wondered if he had perhaps gotten it from knowing how to dance. She was a little disappointed. As a gawky teenager, she had allowed herself to imagine herself swept away like that, her feet somehow knowing what to do. In a world with very little love, it had been the most romantic thing she had ever seen. Ren may have sense this, for he asked, "What kind of dancing?" She shrugged. There was more than one way? Ren grabbed his datapad from the bedside table and began tapping. Rey moved up a bit to cuddle into his neck so she could see. He pulled up an image of a couple, one suspended on her toes with her hand in the man's for balance. "Like this?" She shook her head. He tried again and pulled up a video of a very fast moving couple, their moves wide and flamboyant, huge grins on their face. Rey watched for a bit, enjoying it, but then shook her head no. Finally he pulled up a couple very close, moving like Rey had seen before. "Like that," she said. She and Ren watched it for a bit, his eyes sharp with concentration. Then the datapad went away and he was tugging her up with him. "What?" She asked, and he pulled her to her feet. "Let's try." She was very unsure and suddenly embarrassed. "I don't know how." He shrugged and outstretched his hand. "Neither do I." She glanced from his hand to his dark eyes, and then found herself reaching forward. He tugged her against him, one hand on her waist. She hesitated before placing her free hand on his shoulder and then chewed on her bottom lip. "Aren't we supposed to have music?" "Hm." Ren reached over to the datapad again and replayed the video. The slow, old fashioned music set an easy beat, and he drew her away from the bed. "Now what?" He asked, and she tried to move, but he didn't. "Move together," she instructed. "Around." So they did, forward and back. Unexpectedly, he let go of her waist and twisted their hands, forcing her to spin. She let out a laugh as she landed back in his arms. "Again," she ordered. They found a beat, hips swaying identically. She found herself beaming up at him, and was graced with his rare soft, sweet smile. The music swelled and he spun her a little faster, the room and reality slipping away. It was like flying, safe within his circle of arms. Her nightgown, so light and breezy, brushed against her legs like a kiss. She let go of her awkwardness and somehow their feet didn't step on each other. In tandem, they danced until the music stopped and their breaths came fast. The only sound was their soft, little gasps and motionless, they stared at each other. She was overwhelmed at the adoration in his eyes, like she was treasured and holy. He leaned down and kissed her, but it was not desperate or bruising. It was perfectly sweet and tender, full of love. It touched her all the way down to her toes, her body humming as if electrified. They parted with a shared gasp and he said, "I need you." She threw herself closer into his chest and encircled his neck with both arms. "Yes, Yes," she breathed. To her surprise, he picked her up, kissing her again. They settled on the bed with him over her, kissing the thoughts out of her mind. He had her gauzy nightgown off in a moment, kissing her bare breasts all over and stroking his hands down the strong sides of her stomach. "Ren," she entreated, and he helped her shed him of his loose shirt and pants as well. He was already hard and proudly jutting against his body, red and hot. She wanted him in her mouth, wanted to feel him moan for her and come apart beneath her, but he wouldn't let her. "No, not now. Let me love you." She gave a disapproving whimper, but he didn't move down her body like he so often insisted upon. Instead he simply held her and kissed her, thumb stroking her right nipple, making it pulse under the rough pad of his finger. She pulled him away and held his face in her hands, looking again into those deep eyes. "I love you," she whispered. He smiled, and kissed her chastely. He nudged against her and she opened to him, but he wouldn't take her. "Let me prepare you, love," he mumbled, trying to move his fingers down to her throbbing core. But she was already wet and wanting. She wanted him, now, and told him so. "Are you sure?" "Yes, Ren. I know you're quite big, but you won't hurt me." With a devilish smile he pushed forward, slipping into her with only a single push. He hissed and she groaned, for it felt like he was sliding home where he belonged. "Gods, I wish you'd never leave me," She said, and he made a sound of pure desire. She pressed her face into his neck. "You feel so good." "Yes," he managed, and began to thrust, erratic at first before developing a familiar rhythm. She ground her hips against him and felt waves of pleasure shoot up her body. Ren ground back in return, thrusting harder already. A low moan from him startled Rey, and his lips suddenly peppered all over her face. "Love you," he muttered. "So much." She nodded, her throat suddenly tight. She pressed her thighs closer to him, willing him to be closer, deeper. "Ren," she begged. "Hold me." His eyebrows raised in surprise at her unusual display of vulnerability. He withdrew and she whimpered, but he quickly slid beside her and moved her onto her side. His arms came around her, one wrapped around her stomach and the other beneath her head. Ren's body was warm and close, and he quickly slid back into her. She twisted back to kiss him and felt good. Really good. She was safe wrapped up with his large body, while he slowly thrust into her at just the right angle. Her eyes closed and she felt herself climbing higher rather quickly. "Oh, yes," Ren hissed in her ear. "Rey, Rey, Rey…oh, darling." "Oh, gods, Ren…Yes, Yes!" He began mouthing at her neck and slipped his hand down between her legs to rub circles where she ached. She arched a bit, trying hard to keep herself from crying out, but pleasure exploded within her and moaned his name. She saw stars beneath her eyelids and felt like she couldn't breathe, it was so good. He thrust faster, drawing out her orgasm and finally came, groaning low into her neck. He throbbed inside her and she moved her hips slightly just to make him go a little deeper inside her. They caught their breaths just like that, and when Ren withdrew she twisted around. He always held her close after sex, and this was no exception. He kissed her, on her neck, cheeks, lips, brow. So loving and gentle. Her voice was very small when she admitted, "I miss you so much sometimes." She'd lay awake in her bed, so alone and feeling so helpless. She wanted him with her, she wanted him to just give into the light already. She cursed him sometimes, for making her feel this way. It had been a dull ache before, easily ignored with strenuous work and the threat of starving hanging over her. But now she felt it so acutely when she thought of him. Every victory was something she wanted to share with him. But he was never there. The hunger she had was not one dispelled by her hand or distractions. She wanted this, to be held and to talk with the one person who seemed to understand the very core of her. His voice broke when he replied, "I miss you too, love. It hurts, I know. It aches and pulls at you." She nodded, feeling a little silly for being so sentimental and emotional. She bit her lip and didn't let herself cry. Silently, she tried to steel herself. "Talk to me. Tell me about your days," she prompted. She didn't want to think about this anymore, and he hadn't spoken much about himself. He shifted so he could see her face and frowned a little, his lips twisting. "There isn't much to tell. Same as usual." "Ren," she complained. Ren He wasn't sure what she wanted. She had regaled him with amusing bits of her life, so eager to share her life with him. He wasn't sure how to do the same. "Well…Hux is horrid." He told her a story of the general's sniping and suspicions, laughing a little when he described Hux slipping on an excursion to a swamp planet. She seemed amused, so her divulged a little more. "My grandfather isn't speaking to me anymore," he admitted. She propped her head up on her hand. "You think he spoke to you from the Force?" He nodded. "He's never appeared, like Luke told me, but I've heard him. He's told me how to become more powerful, how to end the pain." She was frowning so harshly that he began to regret sharing this with her. "Did he tell you to hurt Han?" Ren laid back, wanting to avoid her gaze and didn't answer. "Ren?" "Yes, he did. He told me to rid myself of attachments." She paused, then asked tentatively, "What about me?" Protectiveness slammed Ren's worry away. "Nothing," he lied. She seemed relieved, her shoulders easing of their tension. She laid her head on his chest, and he was comforted. "Perhaps he's angry at me," Ren whispered. "I disobeyed him." Rey took his hand and stroked his fingers. "Maybe he wants you to find your own path." Ren shook his head. "He's spoken to me since I was young. Why would he abandon me?" She looked up and placed her hand on his cheek. "Ren, I'm sure that's not it. I'm sure he's still watching. Perhaps he's waiting for something." "Perhaps," Ren replied, and looked at her. His grandfather had warned him of forming attachments, especially with Rey. Was he angry that Ren could not let her go? But hadn't his love for Padme and his grief over losing her made him strong? Was this pain and longing he felt when away from Rey not similar? He felt no stronger, but there was nothing that could make him relinquish her or her love. He had tried not to love her, had tried to banish her from his thoughts and his heart. But she had wormed her way into the deepest part of him. He felt as if she was part of him now, and that removing her would surely kill him. "Don't fret," she said, assuming he was brooding over his grandfather. "How about you pick where we meet next?" "Hm," he said. Somewhere not too far from his location, but somewhere exciting for her. "Hoth." She wrinkled her nose, amusing him. "The ice planet?" "I'll bring you warm clothing. I will show you snow, and we can look at the old resistance base." He pressed his lips to the sweet shell of her ear. "We can make love by the fire." "Ren!" She pushed him away, but the glint in her eyes and quirk of her lips told him she was not opposed. He imagined her, golden and bare to him by the light of a fire and felt very warmed by the thought. "Stop being perverted," she scolded him, and he hummed, amused. "You're the one laying naked with me, your thighs still wet." She glared at him and he kissed her to make her disapproval go away. She was fun to tease. She was a very bright spot in his life, making him feel lighthearted. He couldn't imagine life without her. Notes: I hope you all are doing well; thank you for all the comments and such! I felt so motivated that this chapter just flew out. I hope everyone's new year starts off great! What better way than with reylo, am I right? Chapter 23 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Ren Back on his ship, Ren felt himself getting irritable again. Some of the numbness he had felt slipped away with her presence. She always lit a fire in him, but this time it burned longer, even after they had parted. "Ren," Hux said, falling into step with him as Ren stalked through a corridor. "What now?" "Supreme leader asked me if you have any leads on Skywalker." Ren rolled his eyes within his mask. But he recalled Rey describing pod racers. "A desert planet." Hux snorted. "There's many desert planets." Ren stopped and turned to the general. "If I knew which one it was, I wouldn't be here." "I'd suggest you narrow it down," Hux said lowly. "Leader Snoke is getting impatient. He's already not pleased with you." "Keep your concern for yourself," Ren hissed, and Hux's face twisted in disgust. "Trust me, I have no worry for you, Ren." Hux turned smartly and briskly headed off in the opposite direction. Ren turned and walked back towards his office. He imagined finding Luke, and Rey. How angry she would be. It felt strange. Ren was torn. As he sat down in his chair, he went through the possible planets. Jakku, no. He hadn't felt Luke's presence when they were there. Besides, like Rey would want to go back there. Abafar? Too far for her to make a quick trip to Corellia. So many could be ruled out because of that. Kiva? Doubtful, for the lack of civilization. Samaria was definitely possible. But then again… No, Luke wouldn't return to his home planet. And it would be so far, that was an Outer Rim planet. But if one wanted to be hidden, it was a good place to go. And it was his home planet. Rey would enjoy Tatooine, he thought. The desert was less harsh than Jakku's, but familiar. She'd love the warmth, the two suns. Her beautiful skin would return to the healthy glow she'd had when he first saw her. God, he was already hard, thinking of her. He needed to get it together. He thought of the time he saw Hux shirtless by accident, his pale body littered with red hair. Even more effective than a cold shower. If things were different, he'd put Tatooine towards the top of his list. But he didn't want to find Luke. Not because he cared about the grizzled old hermit, but because of her. It didn't hurt the First Order, he told himself. Luke was clearly not going to go to the resistance for help. Rey needed a teacher, and who else if she wouldn't let him do it himself? She was happy, learning and getting stronger. And the Supreme Leader would see her as an asset if she was even stronger than she was before. But it would be going against his master's orders, directly. Something he had never done before. He swallowed dryly and closed his eyes. He could feel her touch, see those golden-green eyes looking at him. So he'd stall. There were many desert planets. He'd comb each one, personally. Rey Rey felt a flutter in the Force, a small ripple. Like someone had whispered her name. She squinted against the bright sun, and her hair was picked up by the dry wind. She listened, and reached out. Was it Ren? But there was nothing else but the echo. She turned away and strode back towards the rocks. With reluctance she entered the hut, knowing what Luke would tell her. "I practiced levitation and did the climb." Luke, who had been mixing up some kind of salve for a burn he'd gotten showing off by creating a small force storm in the cave, which had stirred up the fire they had burning. He turned to her, eyebrow raised. "Meditation?" She shook her head. "Rey, you need to learn to become one with the Force. Quiet your mind, dispel your fears and anger." She felt like a small child. "It's difficult. Everytime I fell myself getting close, I'm pulled back and my breath is stolen." Luke nodded. "You are the only thing holding yourself back. Something inside you is pulling yourself back." Rey exhaled. "Alright, I'll try again." Luke nodded and turned back to his mixture. "Come back later, and we'll work on mind tricks. You're good at that." She trudged out again, taking her new staff with her. She felt frustrated. She had hit a wall, and she had yet to have a lightsaber or learned to use the force physically. Ren did it all the time. Maybe Luke didn't want her to learn the things Ren did. It had been a month since she'd seem Ren, and every time she'd thought of him it still hurt. She kicked the red dirt a few times and sat down in a shaded, secluded spot. Eyes closed, she slowed her breathing and felt her body slip away. The grit of the sand on her legs, the whistle of wind in her ear. It all went away. Blank, greyness. Like an endless sky. She felt the disconnect between her mind and her body, and in her mind she stood up and spun around. She felt weightless. But still, there was a heavy thread connecting her to her body. She could easily slip out of her little trance. She needed to go towards the channel of light and power that she felt on the edge of her vision. It beckoned. She ran until her breath ran out, then she walked until she could run again. It came closer and closer. But something in her tightened. The closer she got, the more afraid she was. She remembered the first time she was plunged into the flow of the Force, the vision she saw when she touched Luke's lightsaber. She remembered Luke's words: No connections, no attachments. There is only the Force. She could reach it, if she just reached out her hand. She stretched out a shaking hand and then— She was slammed back into her body. With an airless gasp she collapsed against the rocks and she struggled for her breath— again. When she finally breathed free again, she pounded her fists against the hard rock and cursed. "Shit, shit, shit!" She bent forward and clutched her knees. "Why can't I just do this?" She walked around for a while, mind buzzing. She was so angry, she just wanted to scream. When she returned to the hut, Luke looked at her and said nothing, but he knew. She felt like a failure. Maybe she wasn't meant to be a Jedi. A few days later she trudged to her ship and checked the transmitter. Surpisingly, she found a message from Han. Hey kid. I'm sure things with Luke are great and exciting, but I was wondering if you'd like to take a break and maybe help me out on a little expedition. Chewie's got to go back to Kashyyyk for a family thing—his sister's having a baby, I think—and I— Alright, alright, calm down Chewie. He says hi, Rey. Anyways, I need a copilot, and I don't trust some greasy hire with the Falcon. So if you can, let me know. Tell Luke it's a favor for me. He owes me one. Rey sat back in the pilot's seat and tried to quell the excitement she had felt. She knew she needed to stay here, complete her training, but the thought of going on the Falcon with Han—an adventure— made her blood rush. Her walk back to the cave was one filled with anxiety. Luke already frowned upon her trips to see Ren, but she just felt like this was the solution to all her frustrations. She could come back, and train even harder than before. She had a whole spiel ready, and found Luke meditating not far from their cave. "Luke, Han sent me a message," she blurted out. "He wants me to go on a run with him. I know I need to stay here and train, but I thought—" "Go," Luke said simply. Rey paused and collapsed down next to him. "What?" "Go," Luke said. "You're edgy as a cat, and you won't get anything done here if you lack focus." "I'll come back," she said. She felt like she needed to persuade him. "I'll be here." He focused his steely blue eyes on her. "I know you'll be back. I have a feeling that you just need to work through this block on your own. Take some time, meditate on it while you're gone." She nodded and after a moment of silence, threw her arms around his neck. "Thanks, Luke." She grinned. "Oh, and Han says hi. He says you owe him, so I don't think he feels bad for taking me." Luke humphed and closed his eyes again. "Of course he doesn't. Nerf-herder." Rey gave him a quizzical look but stood again. "I'm gonna go pack. See you. Stay safe." She began to walk away, but then Luke said, "Oh, Rey. Take the lightsaber." ~ "So where we going?" Rey asked, taking a sip of her caf that Finn had brought her. He sat next to her, across the table from where Han lounged. "It's a quick run, just a delivery of something to an outer rim planet, Abafar." Rey frowned. "Spice?" Han huffed. "C'mon, kid. I don't fly that stuff anymore. Leia made me give that up years ago." Rey relaxed. "Then what's the cargo?" Han smirked. "Black market goods, pretty normal stuff they're paying high price for. Some food, some cancer sticks. Leia's making me slip some resistance pamphlets in. You know the deal." Finn sat forward. "Nothing illegal?" Rey tilted her head and smiled a little as Han leaned forward. "Look, big deal. I'm a smuggler. This ain't spice, but the First Order sure as hell doesn't want anything coming in that they don't control." Finn rubbed the back of his head. "We could get caught." Han's eyebrow raised and so did his voice. "I'm the best goddamn smuggler in the galaxy. You think I'm gonna get caught?" Finn sputtered, "Well haven't you been caught before?" "I can talk my way out of anything." Rey smiled and grabbed Finn's arm. "C'mon, Finn. I've missed you, and we need an extra hand, right Han?" "A bunch of goddamn rookies," Han grumbled. "The last time I was smuggling something with the two of you, you let my cargo loose." Rey beamed at Finn. "See? He wants you to come." Finn shook his head but smiled. "Alright, alright. Can't say no to you, peanut." "You're the best, peanut," she replied. Han pushed back his chair, his own caf untouched. "Cut the crap already, we got to get the Falcon cleaned up before tomorrow." Rey's heart leapt. Working on the Falcon, flying the Falcon. She could barely wait. They were barely out the door when the clack of heels came down the hall. "Rey," Leia said, a smile on her face as she opened her arms to embrace her. Rey hugged the woman tight, somehow still surprised that the powerful woman was so small. "Han," Leia said, their eyes locking as soon as Rey pulled away. "Leia," Han said gruffly. "You're dragging them on one of your crazy runs?" Han scoffed. "Like you've never been on one." Leia cracked a smile. "Too many." They exchanged a look and Rey suddenly recalled something she should have done. "I—I saw Ren," she blurted out. All eyes were on her, and she felt her cheeks begin to burn. "You did?" Han's usual gruff expression was gone, longing spread all over his face. Leia, too, had sharp points of grief in her eyes. "Yes," Rey said. "He was…well." She scrambled for something to say. "He's having troubles with everything. I think—I think he's more torn than anything. Things have changed for him." Leia exhaled a shaky breath, but Han's face had taken on a hard mask. "You may think that, Rey, but nothing could make him change." Leia turned an accusatory glare towards Han. "He still has good in him Han." Han shook his head. "You didn't see his face, Leia. He looked at me with nothing but hatred." Rey felt terrible, and Finn shifted uneasily beside her. "I'm sorry," she said awkwardly. Leia pressed her lips together and Han set his eyes on Rey. "You need to be careful, Rey." She nodded, but he brushed past her. "Let's go, I'm done gabbing." Rey cast a look at Leia, who raised a hand but said nothing else. Rey returned the gesture. They headed out at daylight, and Leia wasn't there to see them off. Poe and BB-8, whom Rey happily reunited with the night before, did wave goodbye as they left. Rey settled into her seat with pure joy, ignoring Finn's worried mutterings in the other room. Han and her worked in sync, as if they had been doing it for years. She was gleeful with this, and only a small part of her was dark, wishing Ren was watching. They reached Abafar after a about a day on the ship. Only a few things had gone wrong, but were easily patched up. Finn, jumpy as always, stayed strapped in almost the entire time. The desert planet had an orange sky and the air was hot and dry. There were almost no shadows, and it eerily reminded Rey of her meditation. Endless sky and land. Only a few rocks stood out against the skyline. "Reminds me of Jakku," Finn said grumpily to her as they began to unload. Rey smiled at him mischievously. "You miss Jakku, huh?" Finn scowled at her playfully, and then they both laughed. They went to the scant town to check it out first. There were some troopers, but not too many. They ducked into a nearby cantina, and Han sat down and ordered them all drinks. Finn kept his head down, but Rey was all eyes. The place was all activity and shady looks. The music made Rey's skin shiver. She loved it. "Don't make eye contact, kid. You look like an innocent deer." Rey let her eyes drift away and let an old, hard look settle on her face. You had to look as tough as you could at Nima, especially since she wasn't very intimidating. Not like, say, Ren. A waitress delivered their drinks, a milky green liquid that frothed. "Do I know you?" She asked, looking at Han. He scoffed. "No way, sweetheart. I'm just passing through." She shrugged and walked away, and Han took his drink and down it in one gulp. Finn cautiously picked his up and tasted it, then sipped at it eagerly. "What are we doing here?" Rey asked, eyeing a tray full of hot food as it passed by. "Easy, kid. We are meeting our client here." Rey nodded, and Finn rubbed his hands together. "How are we going to get the stuff past the troopers?" "Keep your voice down," Han growled. Rey bumped Finn's shoulder and gave him a reassuring look. "We don't bring it to them," she whispered. Finn nodded and Rey tasted her drink. It was sharp, but artificially sweet. Rey put it down. She preferred the taste of fruit. They waited around for thirty minutes or so before a dangerously thin Togruta slid into the booth next to Finn, who stiffened. "Han," the woman said warmly, flicking one of her head-tails behind her shoulder. "I wasn't sure you were going to show up." Han lifted his palms up from the table. "Have I ever steered you wrong, Sheena?" "Twice you haven't delivered. And we need this stuff." "Yeah, I'm sure these people are dying for their cancer sticks," Han said lazily. Sheena gave him a little smile. "So let's see it." "You got the money?" "Of course." Sheena slipped a small bundle from her purse. Without even looking inside, Han grabbed it and slipped it into his pocket. "This is only half," he remarked. Both Finn and Rey gave him an incredulous look. How the hell would he know?" "Half when I get my cargo." He nodded, and grabbed Rey's drink and finished it. Sheena got up and left, and after a few minutes Han got up and they followed. Sheena was already waiting for them by the Falcon. She smiled and Han nodded to her. "Rey, go show her the cargo." Rey led the woman to the storage part of the Falcon, where all the cartons were stored. She looked around, counting them. Her lithe body swayed as she glided through the aisles. Finally, she smiled and turned to Rey. "All here," she said. "Finally, he delivers." Rey felt a little uneasy, the woman had a strange smile. "He's a good guy." Sheena tilted her head, eyes looking her up and down. Rey shifted and crossed her arms. There was a shout from outside, and Rey swung her head towards the noise. But before she could make a sound, she felt the cold metal of a knife against her throat. "Easy, girl," Sheena said. "Walk with me." Rey pushed her back with the Force, but it wasn't strong. The woman stumbled back into a carton but then lunged at her. Rey withdrew her saber and held it out as warning. The Togruta's eyes widened. "Jedi," she whispered. Rey tried to back up to the door, but before she could Sheena pulled out a blaster and began shooting. Rey dodged, deflecting some blasts with her saber. Sheena raced after Rey as she dodged, so Rey sliced through a carton of cancer sticks so that the boxes tumbled out, blocking the girl's path. Rey took the chance to race outside, where Han and Finn were in a standoff with a group of men. "Another?" One of the men snarled, pointing a blaster at her. Rey held out her saber, but none of them looked afraid. "So, Han Solo," the man nearest him said. "We've finally caught up with you again. We've got Sheena to thank for that." "What? Sheena told you I'd be here?" The woman in question strode out after Rey, the sharp angles of her face even harsher in the light. "You failed me too many times, Solo," she said. "The Kanjis offered me more than enough to turn you in." "God, Sheena, I came through for you this time, didn't I?" Han said, but the woman frowned. "Now you're all mine," the man said with a smile, his accent strange in Rey's ears. Her heart beat faster as he stepped forward. Would he shoot Han? They were outnumbered. "Drop your weapons," he ordered. "Now!" Han placed his blaster on the ground, and so did Finn. Rey hesitated, and Han nodded at her. "Go on, Rey." She slowly put it down and watched as another man swiped it up. "A lightsaber," he said, handing it over to the main man. "Nice," he commented, eyes going to Rey. "A little Jedi, then." Sheena strode forward, her gaze meeting Rey's. "She's a bitch. Destroyed some cargo." Han shot Rey a venomous look, like she had betrayed him. "That's good money," he hissed. "You're not going to get it now," she replied. Sheena held her knife to Rey's throat again, and she stiffened. She could feel the woman's darkness, her anger. "Let me kill this one," Sheena said. "She messed with my delivery. You can have the others." The man frowned. "A Jedi is probably valuable." "Or a lot of trouble," Sheena replied smoothly. Finally he nodded, and Rey tried to gather the Force into herself. An angry surge of rage suddenly smacked into Rey like a metal wall. A familiar rage, but not her own. And within moments the masked, dark figure of Kylo Ren ran onto the scene, flanked by a few Stormtroopers. "Shit," Finn cursed as Han made a sound of surprise. But something in Rey untwisted, her shoulders relaxing. "Ren," she murmured, unabashed relief in her tone. She twisted in the woman's grip, knocking her back with her elbow and scattering the knife across the sand. The surprise of Ren's entrance distracted the Kanjiklub's attention, and with a swift ounce of effort Rey's lightsaber flew right back into her hand. "Stand down!" She yelled, racing forward to point her saber straight at the leader's head. Ren appeared behind the man and after a moment, twisted his arm so that the leader's head moved into the saber's path, cutting it clean off and letting it fall to the ground. As the rest of the gang tried to run as the troopers pursued them, Rey turned to the man beside her and frowned at him. "You didn't need to do that." Ren lifted his hand and took off his mask, a familiar action he always did for her now. Her heart fluttered as she saw his full lips and dark eyes, his unruly hair falling into his eyes again. "Consider it a favor," he replied dryly. "Han Solo owes him a lot of money." Ren's gaze drifted over to that of his father's, and his lips turned into a snarl. "One of his many debts. It's disappearance is surely just a drop in the bucket." "What are you doing here?" Rey asked, crossing her arms and trying to draw his attention back, which worked easily. His brow furrowed and he took a step towards her. "A better question for you," he growled. "Why aren't you with Luke, on whatever hole he's in?" Rey cocked an eyebrow at him, which she could see infuriated him. "Is that your business?" "You're my business," he replied darkly, and she could feel the heat of his irritation. "Relax," she instructed, shaking her head. "I am taking a very short break to help them out." She gestured with her head to the pair behind her. "Hey, he doesn't need to know!" Finn called out with false bravado in an attempt to cover the nervous tremor. "Quiet," Han ordered, his eyes never leaving his son. Rey watched Ren turn his dark eyes, filled with hate, to his father's. For a moment, it was not broken and Rey's stomach flipped. Finally Ren pulled away to look back to her. "Well it looked like you needed a little assistance." Rey flushed and crossed her arms, eyes darting away. "He had my lightsaber." She caught his arrogant look and protested, "I'm not very practiced in the physical use of the Force yet!" Ren tilted his head, his dark wavy hair barely brushing his shoulders. "If you let me teach you…" "Stop," she ordered, already cross, but was distracted by him taking a step closer so that she had to look up at him. "Can we speak in private?" He asked, his fingertips casually brushing hers. For a moment, she forgot about Finn, Han, the troopers, everything. But the sound of Finn's voice rang through the air. "Rey!" He called out. She looked at him and her lips parted, but for a moment she was silent. "I don't think so," she told Ren. His eyes became hard and his jaw set hard. "I see." Rey reached out and stroked his long, pale fingers. "Is everything ok?" He looked over at her furtively and nodded, lips a pale line. His eyes roamed over the troopers and her friends for a long moment, almost nervously. But he lingered on Finn, and the ghost of a smirk passed quickly over his lips. "Ren?" He leaned forward and pressed his lips to hers, his fingers caressing her jaw from where he tilted her chin up. Pure and unadulterated bliss bloomed over her mind for a moment before she drew back, narrowing her eyes. It irritated her that Ren still could be so jealous. "You—" His eyes gleamed almost mischievously. Rey would have given him a sharp word, but his lips were on hers again, less smug this time. No, this time he took the kiss for himself, and she let him. She pushed him back after a moment. "Ren," She asked, "Tell me, now. Why are you here? Did you follow me?" His face darkened and his hand visibly clenched around his helmet. "No. But stay away from the Middle Rim. It's not safe for you here." She took her hand in his. "It's always been dangerous. Why now?" He shook his head. "Don't ask me that, Rey." Her lips pressed together and she looked down, trying to press down the anger she felt. Yes, it was unfair to ask him a question she too, would not answer. But, she thought stubbornly, he was on the wrong side. "I miss you." His rumbling voice was so quiet she almost thought she'd misheard. She moved her fingers against his, rubbing her thumb against his skin. "I miss you too," she replied quietly, somberly. He looked as if he might say something, but his face changed and he closed his mouth before speaking again. "I will send coordinates soon," he said, looking directly into her eyes. "Will you be able, before you return...?" She nodded a little, and he gave his own short nod in return. "Soon," he repeated. Finn's emotions were blaring, she could feel him as clearly as if he was standing right next to her. She brushed her lips against Ren's cheek and stepped back, letting go of his hand. "You need to leave," she told him. "What will you tell Snoke now?" Ren's eyes flashed and for a moment, she felt his fear. But it disappeared, and a haughty look covered his face. "Your little boyfriend is scared," Ren mocked, louder now so Finn could hear. "Worry more about him." Rey's expression must have been absolutely scathing, because the smile he gave her was incredibly smug. Jealous prick. "Soon..." She thought she heard as he jammed his helmet back on and turned his back on her. She crossed her arms and watched him go, his dark figure never lost amidst the small sea of white troopers. "Rey," Han said, his voice rough with feeling. "What did he...?" She shook her head. "Nothing," she replied, embarrassed as she brushed some dirt and dried blood off her calf. "Just some chivalrous bullshit in his head." Han humphed, obviously trying to scrape the feelings off his face. "Never look a gift Zillo Beast in the mouth, kid," He said. Notes: Long chap for y'all. School starts this coming week so update might be slow, but I'll do my best. Good luck to everyone in the same boat! Did you expect Ren to show up? He's got a good Rey-dar, am I right? (I think I'm so funny). Chapter 24 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Rey When they returned to the main base Leia asked to see Rey. She was in a hurry to see if Ren had sent her coordinates—She couldn't stop thinking about him. Stupid man. She had gone to clear her thoughts and had only become more muddled. She'd see him then return to Luke—she needed his guidance. Surely something was wrong with her. So she said her goodbyes to Finn and Han and Chewie, who had already returned, and hurried to Leia's office. "Ah, Rey." Leia said, standing and opening her arms. Rey stepped into the embrace, still feeling a little shy. She had gone years without touching another person, and now it was so…normal. "How are you?" Rey brushed her hair behind her ear and gave a small smile. "Good. Wasn't a very successful mission though." Leia scoffed. "I heard." She tilted her head. "You know, I'm not as adept as my brother and my son, but I do have the Force." Rey looked up and examined Leia's dark eyes, nodding slowly. "Yes—Ren told me." "He spoke to you about me?" The sudden yearning in Leia's eyes made Rey's stomach flip. "Yes," she said quietly. "But not much." Leia nodded, a faraway look in her eyes. "I see." She moved to sit down on a small, light couch and gestured for Rey to sit next to her, which she did. Rey ran her hand over the smooth surface and waited for Leia to speak again. "Anyways…I know you said you were good, but you don't feel good. You feel conflicted." Rey sighed, her lips twisting into a frown. She avoided Leia's eyes. "I am." Leia said nothing, but Rey could feel her through the Force, that yearning again. "Not about Ren," she said. "I mean, not really. I can't seem to get a hold of this meditating thing." She felt a bit awkward, unsure of how much Leia knew. Biting her lip, she started again. "I'm supposed to be able to really let the Force flow through me, let myself become one with it. But I only did it once, in the forest while fighting Ren. Now, every time I get close, I'm snatched back." Leia nodded thoughtfully, eyes crinkling with concentration. Rey fidgeted a little, unhappiness drawing over her. She had wanted so much to come back with a new harness on the Force. But she hadn't even been able to use the Force to defend her friends against the Kanjiklubs. "You know, you and I are a lot alike." Rey looked up, and then a smile etched into her mouth as warmth spread throughout her chest. "My brother and Ren have never gotten along. Luke strives to be like the Jedi of the past—pure, unbiast, calm. Ren embraces the dark. He yearns to be one with it. But I've never been able to feel at home with either one." "What?" Rey said, brow furrowing. Everyone knew the tales of the Force—there was the Dark, and there was the Light. Peace and chaos, night and day. They moved in opposition, hopefully in balance. "I know," Leia interrupted. "But life is not black and white. For some, it may be their nature to be truly light, or truly dark. But I find in myself, inner balance doesn't come from two sides at war. It comes from them blending, swirling together—to make grey." Rey knew what she was saying, but it went against everything she had ever heard. Everything she had ever read in Luke's hideouts. How many times had he spoken of the fight between dark and light, how his father had chosen the light at the end of his life? If he had lived, would Anakin Skywalker have struggled with being in the light? Would he, the man steeped in darkness, be truly able to just…switch? "I'm supposed to become a Jedi," Rey said slowly. "A soldier of the light." Leia covered her hand with her own. "And you will be. But I believe you will be something entirely different than the old Jedi order. You will truly be able to find balance, and bring it to others." Reys cheeks burned and she shook her head. "I can't even find balance in myself," she said with a chocked laugh. "And you think I'm going to start some kind of…Jedi revolution?" Leia smiled and leaned back. "Yes. Feel what is right, don't worry so much about shutting out the darkness. Let it in, but don't lose the light. You'll find that balance means finding the perfect mix. No tugging or pulling." Rey nodded numbly, her head buzzing with thoughts. In her heart, she was hopeful. She felt like endlessly fighting the darkness she knew she held inside her was hard, too hard. She had been trying and trying, but it was what always snapped her back. Luke seemed to be able to fight it, but he had truly done what the Jedi Order wanted—He had separated himself from all his bonds, choosing instead to live a life without the comfort of others. Rey didn't want to live that way. She thought of her friends, of Ren. She couldn't live that way. Leia hugged her goodbye and Rey went to her borrowed ship on auto-pilot. She wanted to bang her head against the wall. Why was this so hard? She grew even more frustrated as she saw a message on her dash—the coordinates. She rested her head against the control panel and just breathed. She felt pulled in every direction. She had never felt this way before. On Jakku, everything was black and white. She had one goal: survival. There was nothing that tore her apart like this. Torn apart… She closed her eyes. So this was what Ren was talking about. Surely it was different for him—more intense, she'd imagine—but this was very, very unwelcome. She swallowed hard, shocked to find her eyes pricking with tears. Her back straightened and she punched in the coordinates into her ship. With thin lips and a set brow, she tried just to focus on what lay ahead: she was going to see Ren. She could forget for a few days, maybe. The pit of her stomach was uneasy; he was sure to see she was conflicted. She didn't want to tell him about her conversation with Leia, and her struggle with the darkness. She didn't want to argue with him. But a very small, small part of her ached to tell someone who would understand. Maybe, a voice whispered, maybe Ren would be just the person to understand. Shaking her head, she pushed the ship into hyperdrive. She wouldn't think of this now. She'd think of it later, when her thoughts had settled. Ren He arrived on the frozen planet of Hoth a day early to prepare. He wanted their time together to be perfect; they had so little of it. The old Echo Base had been bombed by the previous Empire, but since the AT-AT's had been taken down, there was not too much damage to make it unlivable. Ren had been here before with his parents. They had one of their good spells, wandering off and giggling like teenagers. At nine years old, he had been disgusted by them but entranced by the place—it was something built from nothing. Icy cold with the exception of a single hot spring fifty meters below the surface, the place had glittered with a sheen of ice without heaters. He expected the place to look exactly the same as it had then, and he wasn't wrong. Only the tracks had been erased—yet he could almost hear the echo of his parents laughter. It made the back of his neck prickle, and he assured himself that it would disappear once Rey arrived. He occupied one of the General's quarters and cleared the fireplace which he stocked with wood he had brought on his ship. He had loads of supplies and extra heaters and blankets so Rey wouldn't be cold. She was so sensitive to low temperatures. He would keep her warm. The place echoed terribly, so Ren kept his helmet on and the hearing system down as he worked. The silence irked him. With their small quarters defrosted and the path to the hot springs cleared, Ren was satisfied as he laid down that night. It was untouched, completely isolated. Perfect for the two of them. When she arrived, the single sun was high in the sky. She landed outside, but he stayed within the shadows—he didn't have sun goggles without his helmet which he had of course taken off for her. The excitement in him and the anxiety from waiting made him incredibly eager. He had thought of nothing but her since he saw her last. He had sensed her friend—and his father's—protectiveness over her and had been angry ever since. She was his to protect. If only she would stay with him. He would never let her fall into dangerous hands. He was jealous, yes. He was worried about her Finn and resented his very existence. The thought that he had thought of Rey and him together made Ren sick. Did the former trooper plan on trying to steal her back with affection? He had no idea. But this was almost forgotten the second she walked off the ship. She was hesitant, golden in the shadows and the evening sun. "Ren?" Relief exuded from his every cell, and she must have sensed it for she came closer. "Rey," he replied as he stepped from the shadows, watching her hungrily, trying to notice every detail. Her lips turned up and she ran to him as he stepped forward. They collided halfway, his arms coming around her tightly to hold her and not let go. She laid her head against his chest, eyes closing. "Ren…" His face was buried in her hair, letting him listen to her every breath. He missed that sound, the sound he once fell asleep to. The darkness fell away, his attention completely diverted. How could he have forgotten? How could he have forgotten this feeling, this fullness that replaced the emptiness, the warmth? She was important. He had almost forgotten in his fear and jealousy. "I missed you," he said quietly, his voice much gentler and having lost its urgency. She drew back from him, scanning his expression. He touched her cheek, letting himself gaze at her for another moment, even though her eyes were full of questions. "Are you alright?" she asked, and he nodded, a smile playing on his lips. He would have lingered there, in the sun with her in his arms, but she had already begun to shake with cold. Her thin jacket was nothing on Hoth. He took his off, cursing himself for not bringing her one from the room and draped it over her. They exchanged a quick kiss. "I'll bring your ship in," he said. "Go get warm—down the hall and to the left. The second door. She hesitated, a flash of worry in her eyes, but then she nodded and left. He parked the ship inside and closed the great metal door to prevent any snow or storm from coming in. Thank god they still worked. Her cheeks were rosy when he entered, and she had stripped herself of her outer ware, already only clad in her shirt and leggings. Even her boots were off. She turned to him with hesitant eyes and he searched her feelings, finding her uneasy. With a frown he stepped closer and she reached for him. "What's wrong?" He asked. "Did I forget something?" She shook her head. "No, no." He stared at her until she wavered, but her face closed shut. "I don't want to talk about it," she said quietly. "I just want to forget about everything for a while." He was burning to know, to find whatever hurt her and soothe her wounds. But with a breath, he nodded. He needed to give her what she asked for. She would open up to him when she was comfortable. He couldn't push. And then she was upon him. Pushing off his under jacket, sliding a palm under his shirt, kissing her deeply. A great hunger bloomed inside him, one he had pushed dormant for what felt like ages. He pushed their bodies close until they were up against a chilly wall, but she was warm, so warm like the sun. She stripped his shirt and undershirt off, and he did away with hers. Their mouths met again and again with ferocity, and he moaned into her mouth when she ground her hips against him. He took large handfuls of her bottom and squeezed until she jumped up into his arms, her legs winding around him. Her fingers dug into his dark hair, pushing their lips together without parting. He took her from the cold wall and carried her to the bed. They parted with a gasp, and then he laid her down, standing at the edge of the bed. She sat up enough to remove her breast band as he tugged off her pants and underwear, his cock twitching unbearably as she became bare before him. She fumbled with his belt and then shucked his pants down his legs as he began stroking at her wet slit, so pink and pretty. Waiting for him. He began to kneel, but she stopped him. "No, I can't wait," she said breathlessly. He nodded, words were lost to him. His finger entered her and he tried to curl it the way she liked, but she pushed his hand away. "No," she groaned. "Not your fingers. I want your cock, Ren." "Rey," he ground out as his fingers splayed across her open thighs. "Say it again." He was as hard as a rock. Fluid wept from the tip and his abs tightened in anticipation. Her eyes were bright and she ran her hands up his arms. "I want your cock," she said, pink blooming in her cheeks. He moaned and then forced himself to breathe. God, she'd make him come without a single goddamn touch. She was the most desirable thing he'd ever seen, sexier than any woman in a porn holo and more precious than everything else. With his pants still around his ankles, he pushed into her as he stood before her. A long and low sound came from her, and it only increased in pitch when he began thrusting. It was too hard not to go fast even though he wanted to be gentle with her. He always tried to be gentle with her. But she was having none of it, not this time. "Harder, gods, harder!" "Yes, yes," he hissed. Her face was already contorting with pleasure, and he pushed himself deeper, harder until she came. He slowed his thrusts to eke out her pleasure and to keep himself from coming with her. He wasn't done yet. He was Kylo-fucking-Ren, and he would not come so fast, like a teenage school boy. Her cheeks were flushed and half her hair was loose. Her breath heaved with pants, and as he looked at her, in all her exquisite beauty, an idea formed. "Do you trust me?" he asked her. Her eyes were wary, but after a moment she replied, "Yes…" He withdrew from her, his member gleaming from her and throbbing. He turned her over, draping her over the bed and drawing her bottom to him. Her back stiffened, but he ran his hands down her soothingly. He found her slick opening and pushed back in, grinning when she sighed, her shoulders relaxing. He thrust lightly at first, kissing down her spine and sucking a mark on her neck, making her squeal. But he had delayed himself long enough, and his thrusts grew erratic. She leaned down over the bed, arching her back and pushing herself back against him. He knew she wanted him to come, to met her at the exctasy she had felt. But he was determined and drew a hand to the front of her folds, circling her. She cried out and he preened. Only he was to ever hear her like this. Only he would every have her on her knees like this for him. She only trusted him so much. Thrust after thrust grew harder, faster, uncontrollable. He felt like nothing could stop him. Suddenly, she clenched around him and he came immediately, thrusting into her a few more times to draw it out. He kept himself inside her as long as possible, never wanting to part from her. When he drew himself from her, wetness slipped down her thigh as her walls contracted around nothing. He watched, fascinated as his cum dripped down her. He only remembered himself when she said his name. He got onto the bed and drew her to him. Slipping a leg between hers, regardless of the dampness, they pressed together. He kissed her deeply, slowly, wanting to convey all the tenderness he felt. "That was…" she trailed off. "It was very, very hot." He whispered against her ear. She closed her eyes and nodded. "Felt so good," she murmured. "Nothing compares." No, he thought. His fantasies never competed. She was like a dream come to life. She slept for a while, cuddled against his chest, but he did not. The chronic pain in his chest had eased, and he was relaxed. He enjoyed stroking her bare back and listening to her small breaths and snores. He was able to examined her peaceful face at length. Shadows laid under her eyes, but her freckles were distinct from the sun, sprinkled sweetly across her nose. When she awoke, she tried to lay still and pretend she was still sleeping. But Ren could feel her nervous energy swirling around them. He brushed his thumb against the base of her back and murmured, "I know you're awake." Her eyes popped open and she frowned, her lips forming a little pout. "I wasn't pretending," she objected. "Yes you were," he said emotionlessly, his fingers dancing across her skin. She huffed but didn't reply. "Are you going to tell me what you're thinking about so hard?" She shook her head. "No." Irritation surged, but he beat it down before replying. "What could be so bad," he tried, gently. "I don't want to talk about it," she said, lifting herself up. He thought she was going to shy away, but instead she slipped her leg over his hips and kissed him. He was aware she was distracting him, but she was very skilled. He eagerly dove into her mouth, his head straining up to catch her lips longer. She drew back, a dreamy sort of smile on her face as she looked down at him, and he was struck by how glorious she was. But he yearned for more from her, and sat up with her still in his lap. "Why don't we go for a dip in the hot springs? It's warm." She wrinkled her nose. "A what?" He smiled. "A pool of naturally hot water. It's down deep, below the surface." "Really? Like…a bath?" He nodded, and she beamed, bouncing a little on his thighs. "I've never had a bath," she admitted, somewhat bashfully. He didn't want to tell her it was more like swimming than a bath, so he only smiled back at her. They dressed, her quicker than him, and he insisted on fastening a large coat for her when she struggled. They made their way down stone steps, holding onto the wall, for the steps were a bit slippery. When they drew close the thin sheen on ice dissolved into water and led to a big, open cavern. Hot water steamed from where the stone cut away. "Oh!" She exclaimed, and began stripping immediately. Startled, he tried to catch up with her, fighting with his layers. "You remember how to swim?" He asked, muffled by a sweater. "I think so," she said. "But maybe you could give me a refresh." She grinned at him cheekily, and a chuckle burst out of him. She hesitated in her underwear. "Should I leave my underthings on?" He raised an eyebrow at her. "We were naked together only thirty minutes ago." Her cheeks were pink, perhaps from the heat. "I didn't know." She removed her breast band and underwear and jumped in while he tried to peel off his pants, coming up gasping. "It's so hot!" she said. "That's the purpose," he said dryly before almost slipping. His head darted up to see if she saw him, and she had. Her hand covered her mouth but her eyes with mirthful, and he was immediately was embarrassed. The hot water was not uncomfortable, but his skin immediately pinked. She paddled over to him and he wound an arm around her waist. Tendrils of hair curled around her face from the heat, and she reached up to undo her buns, letting her hair fall down her shoulders. "I love it," she said with a smile. "It's perfect." He tilted his head at her and kissed her cheek. She slipped her arms around his neck and hummed. He held her close and was surprised to feel her feelings turn to melancholy. "Rey," he said lowly. "What's wrong?" She leaned back and tried to even out her expression, but eventually her face fell. "You're so…" Immediately he inwardly recoiled, waiting for a harsh word. Violent? Brash? Angry? "You're so gentle. Here. With me." His expression must have been severe, because her fingers came up to smooth out his brow. "I mean, you are so different than you are…elsewhere." "And?" he said tightly. He knew where this was going. "Why can't you be like this all the time?" He wanted to drop her, push her away. He was hot, too hot. "I can be angry with you," he growled. "I can be just as terrible as I am elsewhere." Her eyes narrowed and she ignored him. "You are so turbulent, but you can be calm. You can be careful, and sweet, and—" He did drop her. She couldn't touch, but grabbed onto the side of the pool to steady herself and glared. "We've been over this," he seethed. "I will not explain myself again. Either you accept me or you don't." "Don't shut me out," she said hotly, but then her tone gentled. "Please." He closed his eyes and took a breath. He couldn't do this, not with her. "Let's forget this. Let's just do something else," he said, his voice almost steady. She bit her lip and worried it between her teeth. "I talked to Leia." His blood pressure must have skyrocketed. He could hear his own heartbeat in his ear. His fists tightened and he took a few steps away from her. "Don't, Rey." "I'm not going to say what you think I'm going to say," she said quickly. "Just listen." She took a breath when he didn't immediately protest, and said, "My meditations haven't been working. I can't connect to the Force. Every time I try, I fail. Like I…like I'm not…" She struggled and faltered, and somehow, in his anger, he found sympathy for her. "I think it's because of the Dark side. I felt it, that day on Starkiller. You know I did." He looked at her, really looked at her. "I know." She looked down at the water. "Leia told me that she doesn't think that it's right for me to try and fight to be in the Light. I can't let go of all my attachments—I can't be like Luke. She said I should embrace them both, let them combine…into grey? So I wouldn't be fighting against one or the other." Why was she telling him this? He thought of her of the light—yes, she had accessed the Dark side, but she was much more light than dark, if he had to guess. But he knew much of the fight, the struggle. He had tried to be light, and now he tried to be dark. But it was never enough…He was close, but… "And?" He said thickly. "And I think that's where you are. That's why we…we are so similar. But you lean towards the dark, but if you just stopped the struggle to push out the light—Which you know you have inside—maybe, then you could be at peace!" As if called to him, the darkness swirled around him, numbing him. Insecurity rushed into him and he swept his hands apart, the water swirling away from his accidental use of the Force. "No!" He shouted, and then all was quiet. She was looking at him with an expression he could only describe as heartbroken. It almost softened him. "No," he repeated. "Do not mistake what we have for the Light. It is not a light in my darkness." She said nothing, only wrapping her arms around her. "I love you," he said. "But this compassion is the way of the dark. Passion, fire, lust is the way to power. My grandfather loved my grandmother. It was loving her which turned him to the Dark side. It is why he was so strong." Rey's voice was soft. "You know you can't have attachments. And he was heartbroken. He killed her himself because of the Darkness." Hatred clawed up his throat but he bit the awful words back. "He did not," he growled. She didn't say anything, but he knew what she was thinking. She was thinking about him and her, and about his grandfather. She just didn't understand. "I just want you to know that there's another way," she said firmly. "I know you never felt right when you worked with Luke. Maybe you felt like I do, like you're not good enough." Her head dipped down and a pang hit his black heart. "Maybe you felt like you could never be what they expected you to be. That you're not what they want. But maybe it doesn't mean you have to push yourself to the dark side." He kept his words to himself and only watched her as she met his eyes. "I know you have been in pain. You've been torn apart, pulled like I have felt… and I think you will never be able to be fully dark. I think Snoke's lying to you. You want peace, but what will bring it?" For a few minutes his thoughts were too loud. He tried to quiet them, but nothing worked until his vision focused on her expression, which was vulnerable. "Rey," he said quietly and she looked at him. "I don't have any answers for you." He took a breath and took a few steps closer to her. "I know what you want. I would give you so much, but I will not abandon my master or his training. I know my path." Her shoulders fell but he edged closer. "I don't consider my mother to be wise, but if you are feeling that way, perhaps she is…right. I want you to be at peace." She swam towards him and took his thick biceps in her hands, her fingers digging in. Her expression was fierce. "You have good in you. You know what we have is not light or dark. Admit it." He looked at her gravely, and said nothing. "Say it," she said, her voice spiking. "Tell me our love does not fuel your anger and violence and whatever else!" "It does not," he said. She launched herself at him and buried her face into his neck. "How are we to do this if we are never to meet in the middle at all?" He curled his arms around her. "We will figure it out." She shook her head. "You hurt. You are in pain. It's like a phantom, following you around even when we are together." "I can't fix it," he said. "Only you take the pain away." "Ren, please. Couldn't you just try?" "Rey, I won't—" "Please, just try. Please. It's all I want. It's all I want." He could feel her despair. She wanted to imagine a future of them where he had control over himself, where he could be the kind of man she deserved. A man not steeped in blood and darkness. A small part of him wanted to be that man. He stroked her wet hair and he was shocked to find his cheeks wet. He tried to scrub it away but he felt her sympathy. Somehow she knew. "I can't promise," he said. She felt hope and it stabbed at him. "Try?" She said into his neck. He closed his eyes and rested his hand on the back of her neck. "Alright, alright." He didn't know whether it was a lie. He wanted it to be. But it niggled at him. It was not just because it was what she wanted. The future she had envisioned for them long ago was the same he wanted. But how? It was not the power he worked so hard. Why? She kissed his cheek and cuddled against his skin. Numbly, he pressed his lips to her hair. Perhaps it would be a reality. Perhaps. Notes: Ugh. I swear this is going somewhere, it just is taking a bit. I've not run out of ideas, I just have a large scale plan. I don't like the chapter much, but I'd rather update than tax over it for another week. At least it's long? Trying not to be discouraged, kisses to all of you for your love. Chapter 25 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Ren “Would you do this for me? I don’t like doing it myself.” Ren glanced over to see her holding a needle--the one to prevent pregnancy. He walked over and took it from her, kneeling down just as he had before. “I grabbed it from the med bay before I left,” she said, staring ahead. He inserted the needle carefully and within a moment he was done. “Thanks,” she said, pulling her shirt down. He ran his hand down her arm as he stood, craving the touch of her warm skin. She didn’t mind—he knew she liked it, also having suffered without touch for so long. He felt the spike of pleasure she had when she slipped into his arms when they slept, intertwined. She almost always fell asleep first, apparently finding it easy to relax. “Want to go look around the place?” Rey asked, turning her clear gaze on him. They had spent most of the first day in this room, where it was warm and they could talk softly and sate themselves with kisses and touch. “Sure,” he said. He was not in any position to deny her, for she was so unwittingly persuasive. Or at least, she was to him. She underestimated the cold, so he ordered her to put on another layer. “I do have some experience with covering up,” she objected. “I protected myself from the sand storms and sun for years.” “You dressed in the lightest garments because of the heat,” he replied flatly. “Just put the damn coat on.” In the end, she did, and they strolled through the long halls and walls of old technology. Rey inspected the parts, praising the parts for their worth. He kept turning around, hearing whispers. There was an energy throughout the place that haunted him, making his head ache with effort to try and keep himself focused and calm. Luckily, her lips turned blue and she tried valiantly to hide her tremors, but he was watching her carefully, as he always did. After a brief argument, she agreed to let him carry her on his back to their warm haven. They ate, and they warmed themselves by the fire—thoroughly, with him completing his promise to make love to her by the fire. She murmured to him that in the morning she had to leave, and he found himself unable to push the darkness back. It swirled around him and he quickly realized that he needed to get away from her. He was bound to explode with disappointment and anger, and he would not let her be a part of that. Never again. He controlled himself enough to kiss her brow and to tightly tell her he needed a walk. She scrambled up, with a protest but he refused her. “I’ll be back,” he promised, grabbing his saber and cloak and leaving before she had the chance to follow. He strode, fast and hard through the snow until he was certain he was far enough. He ignited his saber and slashed at the nearby machinery, smoke and sparks flying out to sting his eyes and cheeks since he had no mask. He had been in such a hurry that he had forgotten gloves, so his clenched hands quickly became completely flushed. But his anger made him hot. It boiled his ears in a way the sun could never burn him. Horrible sounds tore from his throat, and all he could see was flashes of white and red as he destroyed. Finally his tense muscles were able to relax, and he was hollow and empty. Calm enough to return to her once he caught his breath. When he opened the door she was pacing. Her eyes snapped to him and she crossed her arms. He reached out with the force and felt anger and hurt—and a little fear, which shamed him. He never wanted her to be afraid of him. She was the only person who wasn’t. “Rey—“ “Why did you do that?” She burst out. She turned her head away but with a start, he realized she was crying. “Love, I’m sorry,” he said mournfully, but she shook her head and refused his embrace. “You never let me help you,” she said, her voice choked. She was oh so very angry. “I don’t need your help,” he said coldly, but regretted his tone instantly. She glared at him, cheeks flushed. “You make it hard to love you,” she said. He felt himself shudder and for a moment he heard nothing but a high ringing sound. Then heat rushed through him and he was able to focus on her face. She looked a little shocked, but the sorrow in her eyes spread throughout her features. All the anger rushed out. “Don’t be one of them,” he said quietly. “Don’t be just another one of those people who wants me to be different.” Her clear gaze met his without fear or anger. “You’re better than this,” she said. “You’re stronger than this.” That cut him deep. And suddenly, he could hear that voice in his ear. You’re stronger than this. At every moment of weakness, he heard that voice. His grandfather, urging him on. He remembered standing in the biting wind, barely deflecting Rey’s blows on Starkiller. You’re stronger than this. He had a surge of anger, had hit back with more force, driving her back until their blades clashed against each other for a long moment. She had been beautiful, teeth bared and bathed in the purple light. But he had only seen red. “I don’t need anyone!” She had shouted, and pain had coursed through him. You’re stronger than this, the voice said again. Ren’s anger mounted, heart pounded. Kill her. It was then that he had snapped. She had gotten the upper hand. He had been shocked, both by his grandfather’s order and her declaration. He had howled in pain inside and out. He had thought one word in defiance No! She had won that fight, given him his scar. She would have won it even if he had not have been so shaken by the voice. But something inside him had shifted. His grandfather had fallen silent. He had not heard that voice since Starkiller, since that moment. And he had buried the memory deep, deep down. He hadn’t thought of it until now. Why? He stumbled back from Rey and sat down on the bed. His hands and legs were shaking. He could hear her voice, concerned and confused, but recognized no words. Her hands came to rest on his cheeks and she tilted his face up. “Ren!” She shouted, and he blinked. “What?” He said stupidly, and her shoulders sagged. “What’s wrong with you?” She asked. “You looked like—“ Her voice cut off and her hazel eyes were filled with fear. With his shaking hands he drew her into his lap and laid his head on her breast. “Hold me,” he said roughly. “Please.” She did, tightly, and he closed his eyes. She was here, solid and real. He could feel her love and concern. It filled the emptiness inside him and drove away the horrible fear that had seized him. Why had he thought that the voice was his grandfather’s? He tried to remember. Faintly, he remembered rejection from a group of boys at Luke’s academy. His cheeks, sticky with cold tears. And a voice, comforting him and encouraging him. He had imagined it was his grandfather’s voice. It would be scary if it wasn’t. And Snoke, standing in front of him, laying a gnarled had on his shoulder many years later. “Your grandfather does speak to you,” he said. “Listen closely to his guidance.” Had Ren been wrong? The idea shook him to the core. He knew Rey was dying to understand, her curiosity and worry leaping from her into his mind. Confusion stabbed at his mind, which ached more than any punishment from his master. Only Rey’s even breaths, and the smell of her soft, sweet skin kept him tethered to himself. A low groan echoed from his throat and he dimly felt her hand stroke his black locks. “Shh,” Rey hushed. Even if she had no idea what was wrong, even if he had frightened her, angered her, she was still here. He was a sniveling scrap of flesh, a shriveled embryo outside it’s mother’s body. But still she held him like he was precious. Not like he was revolting, or repulsive. As his head pounded and pricks of light pounded behind his eyelids, he silently vowed to never let her go. He would keep her safe from anything. Even from the dark side. Even from his master. ~ Rey Even after they parted from Hoth, Rey could not stop thinking about Ren. He had been so, so vulnerable in her arms the night before she left. And she still hadn’t the faintest idea why. She had thought it was because of her, because she had told him he was hard to love. But he later assured her that wasn’t it. He wasn’t ready to talk about it. When she protested, his gaze was steel and his jaw was set. “I love you,” he had said quietly, firmly. “I will tell you when it is safe.” It was not like him to be so quiet and withdrawn. He was either tender and passionate, or raw and explosive. So the image of him, and of his strange swirl of emotions haunted her. But somehow, she progressed in her training. Weeks passed, and she worked harder than ever to perfect her forms, her use of the Force physically. Luke did not say much, but she felt his approval. One night he carved her a sweet little bird, etched with tiny feathers and strung on a thin leather cord. The wood was soft and silky and smelled faintly of the pine she had smelled on Ahch-to. “Is it from…?” “Yes,” Luke answered, a small smile playing under his gray beard. “I’ve been saving it.” “Thank you,” she said quietly, beaming at her little bird. Luke sat back, satisfied, and then gazed off into the flames. “You’ve been doing well with your meditation,” he remarked. She nodded. She hadn’t told Luke what Leia had told her, or that Rey had stopped fighting against the dark side. “You are still not at peace even if you can reach serenity with the Force,” Luke said. Rey swallowed, looping the cord over her head and playing with her little bird. Her thoughts and dreams of Ren were troubling her more than they should. She didn’t answer. She had learned from Luke that sometimes no answer said more than words. Luke sighed. “You need to separate yourself—“ he began, but then stopped, an odd look on his face. He looked at her, and she felt the warm grasp of his Force reach around her. “You feel like—“ He cut himself off again and then shook his head. “What?” Rey asked, running her tongue along her teeth. She thought of Leia, her hand around Rey’s, and waited. “Nothing,” Luke said. A long silence came and settled around them. Rey ran her hands along the wood of her bird again and again. Luke had told her of the charm his father had made for his mother—and how she had worn it every day until she was buried with it in her hands. He alluded that he had spoken to his father—but never his mother. Rey wondered why. “You are doing well,” Luke finally said. “Perhaps it’s time we start finding you a kyber crystal. You can’t use that old blade forever. A new kind of Jedi needs a fresh start.” With shining eyes and her face cracking open with joy, Rey looked up at him. “Really?” She asked breathlessly. “My own saber?” Luke nodded, his blue eyes bright in the dark weathered skin. “We’ll have to start planning an off-world trip.” “Is it safe?” She asked. “For you?” Luke nodded. “We will be careful. Besides, I sense that I am not sought after right now. Those eyes have turned on another.” Rey frowned. Did he mean that Ren was too busy focusing on her to find Luke? Luke got up, his stiff knees cracking. “Going to bed. Full moon tonight. Makes me antsy.” “The Force is strong, then,” Rey said sagely, and Luke scoffed. “Just a shift in the tides,” he grumbled. “Nothing more.” Rey went to bed shortly after. There was little to do alone in the dark. She closed her eyes and snuggled under the thick fur on her little pallet. The corner room was barely big enough for her bed, but it was cozy. A full moon, she thought. Idly through a dazed mind she started counting how long it had been since she had seen Ren. But then a thought came to her, and frozen, she began to count again. And again. She sat up in her bed and used her fingers until they were stiff with cold. Surely something had been messed up. It was impossible. She stuck her fingers down the front of her hips and touched her center. When she brought her hand out, there was nothing on her hand. She had been regular since she was sixteen. She had only missed a period from near starvation. And she was far from that now. Somehow, she had skipped one. It had been over two months. She hadn’t noticed. Panic set in and she clutched her messy head, trying to remember. Had Ren put the shot in right? Had she grabbed the right package? What color had it been? She had been in such a rush to leave the resistance base. Had she taken the wrong one by accident? No, she prayed. Please. She couldn’t be, she couldn’t. She was twenty years old and in love with a man who killed people for a living. She was learning to become a Jedi. She was to make her own lightsaber! Tears slipped down her cheeks. It was early, she realized. But something had shifted. She had been more tired, which she thought had been from her training. She had eaten a bit more, but figured it was her body still adjusting to a better diet. She had felt strong in the Force. Maybe…Maybe it was because there was a new force inside her. She wiped away her tears and touched her stomach. She hadn’t the faintest idea what to do, except to go to a medic as soon as possible. She needed to know. Then, only then, she would figure out what to do. Notes: Short chapter so you guys know I'm still alive. School's killing me. A lot happens in this chapter, but I've been leading up to this for a while. Anybody catch the foreshadowing? Hope you like it~