Chapter 1 "This isn't funny! Mom is gonna be pissed at me!" Three boys stood at a locker. The tallest one, Kylo, slammed the locker door. "Well maybe if you hadn't stayed up all night talking to your boyfriend, you wouldn't have fallen asleep in class, again ." "First off, douche bag, Hux is not my boyfriend. I don't even like him!" "Then why do you hang out with him?" "Ben, leave Kylo alone." "Why?" "Because I said." "I don't have to listen to you. You're the youngest." "By 2 minutes!" The three boys that were arguing were the Solo triplets. Their arguments, that weren't really arguments, were quite common. Just brotherly bickering. The tallest, and oldest, was Kylo. The next oldest was Ben and the youngest was Matt. Matt and Ben were the same height. However identical they may be, they were nothing alike. Ben was just like his father: loud, fearless, and a little rebellious. Kylo was, to put it lightly, emo as fuck. With failed attempts to straighten his hair and sexuality, he ran a page dedicated to Darth Vader and all things Star Wars. Matt's hair was died blonde in attempts to not be the copy of his brothers, but it didn't matter. He was quiet and stuck mainly to himself. "And what in God's name did you do this time , Ren?" "Shut up Hux. I didn't do anything. It's all your fault." "My fault? Excuse you?" "You made me stay up and talk to Phasma out of crushing on Rey." The triplets all made a face. "Well, she is your cousin." "That doesn't mean I have anything to do with her." It was no secret that Kylo didn't like his family all that much, being in the black sheep of the family. "Well Phasma doesn't need to like her. She needs to focus on weight lifting. Her match is this weekend, remember?" "What about me?" The aforementioned girl walked up. She was tall, taller than Kylo (by an inch, but she still loved rubbing it in his face) with close cropped blonde hair. "We were just talking about how you wanna bang my cousin. The usual." "Oh, save it Ben. I'd have a better chance with Mr. Katarn." Ben laughed, Hux and Kylo rolled their eyes. It was no secret that Ben had a crush on their tall friend. "Anyway, Ben and Matt, since dumb and dumber I know are already coming, would you guys like to come to my comp this Saturday? My mom is getting us pizza afterward and we're watching Netflix." "Probably. Would your mom be okay with us staying?" "Are you dumb? I stay all the time. Her mom loves me." Matt and Ben both stared at Kylo in bewilderment. "Seriously? We always thought you were staying with your boyfriend." Without a second thought, Hux backhanded Ben. "Ouch! What the fuck was that for?" "For insinuating that my standards are low enough to settle for your brother." "Hey!" "What?" "I'm not that bad!" "The fuck you aren't." "Fuck you, damn ginger nazi!" "I am not a-!" "Quiet, the both of you!" To look upon the group, it was quite a sight. Phasma had Kylo and Hux by the collars, lifting them up off the ground. "I swear to God I'm your babysitter." "He started it!" "I did not, you insolent little-" "If you two don't quit, I am going to tell everyone that I caught you two dancing to the Spice Girls!" The boys not being herded by Phasma cracked up, leaning against each other for support. "Oh, my God! That's priceless!" "Thanks, Phas," Kylo grumbled. "Well, don't be a baby then. Come on, I'm sure your parents are waiting." Luckily for the 5, it was the end of the day on Thursday. Tomorrow was Friday, then the weekend. With all their books gathered, they walked in a line out the front door. Phasma and Hux followed the triplets to their mother's car. "Hi mom," the 3 boys said. Leia looked up away from the woman she was talking to, an older woman, and to her kids. "Hi boys. Oh! Hello Armi, Gwen, how are you today?" Both Hux and Phasma were obviously irked by the use of their proper names (despite "Armi's" being Armitage and "Gwen's" being Gwendoline) but let it slide because hey, it's only Mrs. Solo. "Fine, thank you." "Are you two coming back to our house this evening?" "Hux has to go home and do chores, but Phasma is. I'm helping her train for her match this Saturday." "By the way, mom, can Matt and I go with Kylo to watch her?" "Sure. Now your father and I can go to Monica's get together. Her son just returned from deployment. Oh! Boys, this is my old boss when I worked at Hoth Tech, Monica Mothma. Mon, these are my sons, Kylo, Ben, and Matt. I suppose you've never been properly introduced." She waved at the children, who waved back. "It was nice catching up Leia, but my granddaughter is coming out and she's excited to see her father. I'll see you Saturday then." "You will. Bye Mon." With a wave, Leia climbed into her vehicle. "Have fun Hux. Try not to scrub your floors too hard or you'll wear down the boards and Milli will fall through." "Shut up Ren. Millicent is not fat." "And I'm not a My Chemical Romance fan. You're not fooling anyone." With a roll of his eyes, Hux walked away. Since Phasma was tagging along, Kylo and Ben climbed into the middle row with her and let Matt in the front seat. Normally Kylo would sit up front, or Han if he was there. "Saturday is gonna be so much fun, dude. If I can beat Finn, I'll be the first undefeated in the county! Not to mention the first undefeated female in state! Especially against a guy. I'm so excited." "You're gonna do fine Phasma. Especially against Finn. He totally dropped out of your team because you intimidated him." "Kylo, we've been over this. He didn't even drop out. He quit totally and they immediately accepted him on the other team, which is totally cheating." "But they were afraid they'd get labelled racist if they didn't. It doesn't matter. You'll beat him because you're badass." "Only because you make a good training partner." "Yeah," piped up Leia, "Kylo you're really good at weight lifting, obstacle courses, and you're strong. Why don't you do the Military Run? Why do you hide all that power?" "I don't like being the center of attention, mom, you know that. I'd prefer to just help Phasma out." "Dude, at least go for swordsmanship in fall when the season comes around. I've seen you with that old sabre of Hux's. You're really good with it." "Because he's pretending he's killing Jedi with it." "Shut up Ben." "Boys," Leia warned. Kylo sighed. "Maybe. Only if you agree to do my history homework for all of the season." "Ask Hux. He's a huge history buff." "He'd rather eat glass than help me with anything. He enjoys seeing me struggle." "Speaking of, how'd your history test go, Kylo?" He blushed and spoke quietly. "I failed." "Why?" Sensing Ben was going to tattle, Phasma quickly spoke. "It's all my fault. He was helping me with dumb girl problems and forgot to study." Leia looked in the mirror at Kylo, who was glancing at the hands in his lap. "Just try and focus on school before your friends, okay?" "Okay." For the first time since they got in the car, Matt spoke. "I finished my technology project, but it broke. Don't worry Kylo, I suck too." Matt looked up to Kylo. He really did. Kylo was always helping Matt with stuff when they were younger, always taking up for him when someone pushed him around. It was only fair that Matt do the same. "Thanks, Matt." "So, Kylo," Phasma said, "I did hear that the art teacher hung up your painting in the main hallway." "Really? That's great! What's it look like?" The boy's mom asked. Phasma answered. "It's called 'Call to the Light'. It's a shadowy figure wanting to stay a shadow, but being pulled into this huge ball of light. The teacher said it's the best one this year. She wants to put it in the art show." "Wait, really? It wasn't even that good." "It was amazing. Stop doubting yourself. Seriously. Tell you what. If it does make it into the art show and you do sign up for swordsmanship, I'll do your calculus homework and force Hux to help you with history." Kylo sighed. This was the best he was getting from his friend. "Fine. But only because you agreed to do my math too." "Yeah, I know." 5 minutes later, they arrived at the Solo home. Ben immediately traveled to the garage, no doubt to help his father work on their old car the "Falcon", and Matt set out to do his homework. Kylo and Phasma made their way to Kylo's room. "Dude, leaving clothes at your house was the best idea I had since spiking the punch at the last dance." "Only because the stupid science teacher Watto got wasted and fell into the fountain." Both teens laughed at that. With Phasma being in gym shorts, a sports bra, and a loose tank top and Kylo being in gym shorts and his long hair in a bunch they made their way downstairs to the small gym off the living room. "Alright, the current weight is 100. Wanna try for 120?" "Yeah. Switch off every..." Kylo looked at Phasma, down to her tank top, and back up a few times. "What?" " Swol patrol ? You have a shirt that says swol patrol ?" "Yes. Fuck off Kylo. You have boxers that has a lightsaber and two training remotes placed in a rather interesting position." "It's clever." "Whatever." "Anyway. Switch off every set?" "As always." With Kylo spotting first, Phasma did 20 reps, then 10, then 5. Phasma spotted next, Kylo doing the same. They continued like that for half an hour til they were drenched in sweat. "Kylo! Hux is here!" Kylo looked out to where his brother yelled from. "Ugh. Set the bar up for a minute Phas. I'm gonna go see what the dumb ginger wants." Kylo padded out and wiped his face with a towel. "What is it, Sux?" "Uhm..." Hux, for once, was at a loss for words. "Well? What is it?" Before Hux could speak, Kylo reached up to stretch and nearly touched the ceiling, his shirt riding up in the process. "You, uh, you left this is my bag and I figured you'd need it for your homework. When did you get buff?" "Excuse me?" "We have known each other since 7th grade, we are now juniors in highschool, and I had literally no idea you were so muscular." "Black has a slimming effect. Duh. Well you're here with obviously means you finished whatever your dick dad made you do. Want to come while Phas and I finish our sets?" The ginger boy nodded, secretly thrilled to watch Kylo in action. They walked into the gym and Hux sat down on an unused bench. "I finished my set and did another one. You get a double set too." "Fuck that. I'm not doing a double set. I'll just do longer reps. 30, 20, 10." "Whatever." Kylo laid down and grabbed the bar, effortlessly lifting it 30 times in a row. Hux simply crossed his legs to hide his, uh, issue. "There. Done. Why don't we rest then do military push ups. Ginger is here and can keep score." "Fine by me." They chatted for around 15 minutes, then Kylo and Phasma began their regime. 50 pushups in, Hux spoke. "Ren, you're doing it wrong." "I am not. I'm going just fine." "No. You're not going down all the way. You're not putting any effort in." "If you're gonna bitch about it, come sit on my back then." "There's no way you can lift us both." "Try me, dick." And try he did. Hux gracelessly sat in the middle of Kylo's back, who managed 15 more pushups. "Somehow you cheated." "You can't cheat strength, Hux." "There is no way you can lift me like that." With a raised eyebrow, Kylo slowly walked over to Hux. "What are you doing? You get any closer and I will cut your pony tail off. Try me, emo boy." With a snort, Hux was suddenly in the air bridal style. "Release me this instant!' "Admit I'm strong!" Before anymore bickering, there was a snap. Both boys looked at Phasma, whose phone was pointed at them. "And that is my background." With a thud, Hux fell to the ground as Kylo dropped him. "I hate you." "Sure you do." Chapter 2 : Chapter 2 Summary: Friday at school y'all "Scream for my icecream, tell me all your dirty dreams. Scream for my ice cream, show me, what's your fantas-" "Dude. Shut off your shitty music and let me and Matt shower! It's 6:10!" "Fuck off Ben!" "Whatever!" Ben stormed off and slammed his door. A soft knock let loose on the bathroom door. "What now?" "It's just me. Matt." Kylo sighed. He certainly preferred Matt. To Ben. "Yeah?" The door opened and the youngest brother smiled at the oldest. "I like your music." "You like anything." "Yeah, well. Whoops. I'm sorry Ben is being a douche again." Kylo sighed and stood up straight. He set his eyeliner pencil down and backed off. "You know how angry I get." "Yeah. I know. You're fine though. Are you done? Can we shower?" "Yeah. Sorry." "It's okay." Matt and Kylo shared a smile and Kylo left the bathroom. He padded back to his room and began to change into an outfit for the day when his phone rang. He answered and put it on speaker so he could finish getting dressed. "Hello?" "Ah. Mom is gonna pick out movies and such for Saturday. Any specifics? What kind of snacks do your brothers want?" "You already got mine and Hux's right?" "Implying it is not always at my house 24/7." "Yeah, well. I don't know dude. Ask them yourself." "You have a point. I don't have any classes with Matt though and mom's shopping today." "You have gym and tech with Ben, though, right?" "Yeah." "Your gym is 2nd period and your tech is 4th. He has 3rd with Matt. Ask Ben in 2nd and have him report back to you in 4th. Duh." "You're an idiot but you're a smart idiot." "And you love me for it, don't ya?" "Yeah. You ready? We're almost there." "Yeah. 5 minutes." "Alright." Kylo hung up. It was a nice arrangement they had. Kylo was picked up by Phasma and her mom on the way to school and Phasma was usually taken home by Kylo's mom since he's worked. Matt and Ben were driven by their uncle, Luke, and were of course taken home by Leia. It was a system. It all worked. Kylo walked downstairs and slipped his shoes on. He grabbed his messenger bag (with a Death Star on it) and walked into the kitchen. "Hi Kylo." "Hey dad." "So, uh, you going to that thing Saturday?" "Yep." "Ah. Well tell Gwen I said good luck." "Tell her yourself. She's gonna be here in a minute." As if on cue, Phasma walked through the door. Kylo has just finished making a bowl of cereal when she strode our and shoved her phone in his face. "Yes?" "Nearly 6:30. Eat." "Shut up then." Kylo ate whilst Han made idle chat with Phasma. "So you're thing is Saturday, huh?" "Yep." "You worried?" "Not as much. Kylo's helped me enough that I'm sure I can take Finn down. I can nearly take Kylo down and he's bigger than Finn." "Yeah, but Finn's stronger than me. I'm just tall." "Eat up, Buff Boy." Kylo rolled his eyes and continued eating. "Well good luck then. I hope you win." "Thank you, Han." A minute later, Kylo sat his bowl in the sink and grabbed Phasma's hand. "Bye." He picked up his bag and left, slinging it over his shoulder as they walked to Phasma's mom's car. "Would you be opposed to going to Hux's after school?" "Ugh. I guess not. Why?" "It's Friday. His dad is doing whatever his dad does on the weekend. We can chill there then go to the mall." "Ew." "Yes, I know. However I need fresh gear. You gotta remember this is a match and my pants ripped in the thigh." "I know," Kylo said as he slid in the car, "I just despise the mall. Especially with Hux. He always complains about the dirt and stuff." "He's neat. You know him. Besides, if you come I'll get you new piercings." Of course the boy perked up at that. He was always on board for new body jewelry. He did, in fact, have a few things pierced. Such as his lip, tougne, eyebrow, ears, and nose. Phasma's mom looked in the rear view mirror and smiled at Kylo. "Hi Kylo." "Hi." "So I was told you had your art in the display case? That's wonderful." He shrugged. "Eh. It could have been better." "It's still amazing." The rest of the ride was filled with idle chat between the three. Kylo much preferred Phasma's mom to any other adult. She was the kindest and most open minded, as her car was decorated in various anti-war pro-choice feminism stickers. Kylo loved it. Phasma's mom was the one who helped him understand his bisexuality. She was the one who took Kylo in anytime he fought with his dad. Phasma's mom was Phasma's mom, and Phasma's mom was awesome. The car pulled up to the sidewalk and the kids got out. They called out bye to the woman as she drove away, and they began the walk up to the courtyard to find Hux. They found their ginger friend speaking to another person they got along with (Kylo not so much, because he had accidentally hit the other when he had gotten into a fight with someone) and said hi. Dopheld Mitaka looked up and said hello, then grabbed his bag. "I'll meet back up with you after lunch. Good luck, by the way, Phasma." "Thanks, Mitaka." Hux stood and the trio of Phasma, Kylo, and Hux made their way into the building, since the first bell would be ringing in 5 minutes. Ben and Matt would probably be here by now. "So, Ren, did you actually do the homework we were assigned in chemistry?" "Yes, you ginger prick." "What about history?" Eyes snapped to Hux. "We had homework in history?" "Don't let him fool you, Kylo. We didn't." Kylo was glad he shared some classes with Phasma as well as Hux. "Dick," the boy said to the other. "Stool pigeon." "Jackass." "Incompetent twit." "Stuck up bitch." "Moron." "Nazi." "Jerk." "Bitch." "Insolent fool." "Ginger shit stick." Phasma smacked her hands over their mouths. "Alright Cartman, Kyle, knock it off." "Wait," Kylo said, "is he Carman or Kyle? He's an annoying ginger and a nazi." "Oh that's it!" Hux attempted to lunge for Kylo, but Phasma side stepped and caught him. "Fuck off the both of you. I swear to God you two are the biggest fools I have ever met. Ever." The boys grumbled and crossed their arms. Phasma shook her head. They parted ways and the bell rang. ~•~•~•~•~•~•~•~•~ "Come on kids! Push your selves!" As all the other kids groaned, Phasma huffed and continued the lap. "P-phasma! Wait!" She slowed and allowed Ben to catch up to her. "You. You run fast." "You run slow." "Mmhmm," Ben sighed and caught his breath, "anyway. Kylo texted me earlier and said you had something to ask?" 'Oh God. I REALLY hope he didn't tell her. Fuck me.' "What's your and Matt's favorite snacks? And movies?" "Oh. Uh, well I like horror and chips. That's about it." "What about Matt?" "I can ask him next period." "Okay. Thank you. I need to know for tomorrow. Are you excited?" "Hell yeah! It's gonna be awesome." "I'm glad you think so. I'm kinda surprised you're so excited." "I'm always excited to hang out with you." She blushed a bit, but smiled. "Same Ben." And well, if Ben ran just a bit fasted out of pride, only he needed to know. ~•~•~•~•~•~•~•~•~ Third, fourth, and so on rolled around and passed. Matt and Ben went home with Leia, and the other trio were walking to Hux's. "Are you really dragging me to the mall?" "I won't, but you are sorely mistaken if I won't make Kylo carry you." The aforementioned boy scoffed. "What makes you think I'd do it?" "I'll buy you Black Veil Brides concert tickets if you do." Everyone went wide eyed. Kylo because tickets to a favorite band of his, Phasma because she was grabbed and shook, and Hux because he was a little afraid. "ARE YOU FUCKING SERIOUS?! DUDE IF YOU BOUGHT ME TICKETS I'D HAVE SEX WITH HUX FOR YOU!" Hux looked absolutely horrified. Phasma pushed Kylo's shoulders. "Calm down there fanboy." Hux wrapped his coat farther around him and backed away. "I want tickets. Y'all can't do me like this." They continued to Hux's and made idle chat the way there. Once they crossed the threshold of Hux's house. Millicent plopped her way through the house, meowing and demanding both attention and food. "Hi Milly," they all said. She meowed again and with tail high, marched into the kitchen. Hux signed and begrudgingly followed her. He opened up a can of wet food, because "Millicent is a respectable beast, Ren, and deserves the food of Gods," and pet her butt. She arched then fell as Hux walked away. "Okay. So mall, then?" "I guess." As much as Hux didn't like driving, he wasn't about to let Kylo drive his car. The trip wasn't far, around a 15 minutes drive. "Ren if you attempt to play your music I will push you out and run you over." "Suck my dick, Hux." "Oh please. I'd rather eat out Phasma, and I am as homosexual as they come." "Pft. I'm sure if I pushed it you'd drop to your knees." "Try me, emo boy." "I fucking will. Don't try me ginger pube." In the back, because she liked to sprawl out and lay down, Phasma shook her head. "When are you two going to finally give in and fuck?" "Piss off Phasma." "Whatever." "Ren, be nice to her. We would be dead with out her." "You'd be dead, Sux." "Whatever Ren. It should have you and not Harambe." Notes: They swol. This is trash I'm so sorry