Feral prologue. Choose someone hungrier and you will be devoured. -- They find her when she is a young, feral thing. Her limbs are thin, malnourished. Eyes sunken and belly rounded from starvation. She is all teeth and hunger, screaming and clawing as two Stormtroopers pull her through the halls of The Finalizer. Sand trails out of her boots as they drag on the floor. “Let me go !” She demands, her legs kicking out. Her teeth gnashing. A sob echoes before it is absorbed and sterilized in the metal paneling of the halls. “Let me go back !” Her eyes connect with his as he watches them cart her to the detainment cells. He assumes she’s meant for the training facilities of Hux’s soldiers. Her breath hitches. “ Please !” He doesn’t move or react. A door rises up behind her, taking her from view. And Kylo Ren thinks that some savage things are better left being put out of their misery. -- He doesn’t see or think about the girl until a year passes. He has returned to the halls of Starkiller Base, summoned by the Supreme Leader. Part of him is resentful that he has to leave his training, but he must surrender to the wisdom of his Master in all things. Kylo storms into the audience chamber, his rapid pace slowing when he sees a small figure in the distance. She is hunched over, kneeling in the center of the room under a solitary light. The girl is young, but she is not cowering. Snoke’s figure hovers over her, staring with a bemused sort of interest. “Come closer, apprentice,” he orders. Kylo steps forward, looking down at the girl for a brief second of curiosity. Her hair down, her body clad in small, black robes, he doesn’t recognize her. Not until she looks up at him and he sees that familiar, unquenchable hunger that has not left even though her eyes are less sunken and her arms appear stronger. “This,” the Supreme Leader introduces without emotion. “Is Rey.” The girl’s eyes dart from Kylo to Snoke. Her fingers tighten their grips on the fabric of her pants. Kylo looks up into the projection. “Supreme Leader?” “She is much like you,” Snoke states. “Young. Strong in the Force. Look at her, Kylo Ren.” He does. He sees hazel eyes, a smattering of freckles. There is nothing remarkable about this child to him, but it is not his place to question the Supreme Leader’s wisdom. “Rey will be trained.” His eyes widen. Rey sits, her head bowed down. Excitement thrums in Kylo’s chest, his pulse. Is she meant to become his apprentice? That the Supreme Leader finds him ready to teach- “Not by you. ” Snoke’s face is expressionless, passive. “She is to be a test.” Kylo kneels down, bowing his head. “I am ready for whatever trials the Supreme Leader deems me worthy of.” Snoke lets out a slow, thoughtful noise. “It is time to consider how we might prove the worthiness of the Knights of Ren.” “Of course, Master.” “As you know, there is no greater threat to the future than the shadow of the past. Such considerations must be cast aside, risen above.” Kylo’s mind goes to the helm in the dark corner of his room. He presses his lips tight together, only bowing his head further at Snoke’s underlying admonishment. He is not strong enough to match the will of Vader, he knows this. “No you are not,” Snoke agrees, reading his thoughts. “But in time, you will be. Of this I have no reservations. The girl will be your incentive.” “…Supreme Leader?” “Rey is to be trained in the ways of the Sith.” Snoke’s fingers wrap down on the ends of his throne. “The ways of your grandfather. She is young, but I have seen that with time and instruction she will become your match in power. Perhaps surpass it.” The girl does or says nothing. But Kylo extends his will in the Force, feels the bristling anger and survival underneath the veneer of an obedient child. “Prove that you are stronger than the ties that hold you, Kylo Ren.” Snoke leans forward. “ Show me that the way of Ren will be what leads the First Order into the future and reforges the galaxy from the broken shards the Jedi and Sith made of it. Claim your strength in the ashes of your opponent.” Kylo looks again to the girl—this thin, starving creature that will one day be the final test of his abilities. And anticipation floods him. “Yes,” Snoke croons, straightening in his throne. “Now you understand the potential of a true rival. A Master without challenge is a Master which decays.” Rey, for the first time, looks up at the Supreme Leader. Snoke smiles at her, almost paternal, before he continues. “When Rey has completed her training, she will return here. And we will see whether it is the Sith, or the Ren, who will lead the Knights of the First Order.” He swallows, palms sweaty. “I will not fail you, Master.” “Time will tell,” he gestures with his hand. “Rise, Kylo Ren.” He stands. “And you, Rey.” She pushes herself up. She is so small, hardly above Kylo’s waist in height. But she faces him and there is no fear in her expression. Instead, she smiles. A gentle and uncalculated expression that unsettles him far more than if she had thrown lightning at his chest. This slip of a child is who will grow into his final test. Who he is destined to one day defeat. But she does not tremble or cower. “Look upon each other well,” Snoke says as his hologram begins to flicker into darkness. “For the next time you meet in this room, one of you will die.” The parting words echo, leaving them alone. Rey outstretches her hand. Kylo stares down at it, at the small arm it’s attached to. The wide eyes, the missing front tooth. She does not yet realize who she will become. Does not understand the value of Snoke’s interest. It angers him. With a sneer of dismissal, Kylo turns from the child and leaves without a look back. -- The desert rat had best become worthy of the Supreme Leader’s faith in her. Chapter 2 : Branding Notes: thanks so much everyone for your interest! couldn't resist another update :3 i'll be getting to comments shortly! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) part one. Choose someone more devious and you’ll hold the blade that kills you. -- She’s late. Something that would be inconsequential, beneath his notice. If not for the Supreme Leader’s insistence that Kylo be the one to provide her welcome. So now he waits in the docking bay of The Finalizer, a respectable amount of Stormtroopers waiting with him. Because it would not do well, he thinks bitterly, if the Supreme Leader’s pet interest was not greeted with appropriate pomp. It is the first time in eight years that the girl would set foot upon this ship. Kylo gave no investment to how she would receive it, but the Supreme Leader’s will was to be obeyed. If Snoke requested a retinue, a personal escort of Kylo Ren himself, and the second-best quarters made available, it was not his place to question it. It was his place, however, to be agitated. As it’s been a standard hour since her pilot comm’d for her arrival. And it’s yet another twenty minutes before he sees her shuttle come into view. It is, he notices with some superiority, only a Lambda class. Older than his model by what he expects to be ten years. It lands well enough, a feat Kylo would have thought impossible due to the pilot being completely incapable at calculating trajectories. The gangway lowers. A contingent of Stormtroopers leads, blasters in hands. Then the members of the crew, their black uniforms pressed in sharp creases. He has not seen her since she was a little girl, a rat plucked from the desert. And despite himself, he wonders who it will be that descends from the battered shuttle. What it will feel like to see the face of the one destined to fall by his hand. The doors hiss. And a slight figure clad in black steps forward. Kylo observes her coldly from his position. Rey. He tries experimentally. His opponent, his final trial. Her name is Rey. She is at first nothing but a small blur of colors, an accumulation of features that finally assembles into a person as she and her troops walk forward. He remains unmoving, his mask allowing him to observe without discretion. There is still the smattering of freckles across her cheeks, over her shoulders—she has been training outdoors, then. Not solely in Snoke’s facilities as he has been lead to believe. The robes she wears are styled in the old ways: harem pants tucked into calf-high boots. An undertunic that formed a stiff collar around her neck and ended just below the knees in a taper. A sleeveless, black shirt over it, cinched at the waist with what looks to be a utility belt. Her arms bare but for the fitted, chromatic gauntlets resting over fingerless, elbow-length gloves. Her hair is half-down, the rest in a lazy knot, and it, along with her one-shouldered cape, obscures the holster that straps across her chest. It must hold her lightsaber. He knows what forms she favors, Juyo and Ataru, styles she’s mastered as intentional foils to his own. He also knows that she’s created a double-bladed saberstaff in the ways of the Sith traditions. Ancient weapons and skills of an obsolete order. Once they are within a foot of each other, she and her troops halt. Her hands fold neatly into the pockets of her pants, and her expression becomes one of disinterest. She looks. Bored . He tries not to rankle at the insolence, instead glaring down at her as if his mask can communicate the force of his will. She returns the speculative gaze she cannot possibly see, starting at the toes of his boots and traveling up. Slowly. He stands, tense and agitated and not sure why this woman’s reaction to him should be of any consequence. Her feelings are of little value at all. She tips her head back. “No one said you were tall.” Her words have the barest trace of a Coruscanti accent. He counts to ten, makes it to five. “Clearly Sith training has prepared you for observation.” In response, she grins like they’re old friends. Like she hasn’t been sent here to monitor his knights. Like they aren’t one day destined to kill each another. His eyes once more go to the holster, the lightsaber out of sight but far from out of mind. “It doesn’t make a difference,” she judges aloofly. Her eyes drift from him, to the Stormtroopers who accompany them. They are two, robed black figures in a sea of white. The look she sends him next is one of pure dismissal . “I understand that I have a room prepared?” His mask amplifies the harsh, irritated intake of breath. He hunches slightly, turning and stalking toward the body of the ship. “Come.” She waits until he stops before walking next to him. “Of course. Lead the way, Lord Ren.” -- Eventually he slows the natural gait of his legs after she (and her detail of Stormtroopers) refuses to alter her pace. Her steps are slow, nearly languid. And he is proud in her bearing—back straight, chin tilted just slightly up. The hazel of her eyes flickers with an amber glow when she sends him a measuring glance. “You believe this was my idea.” He doesn’t bother to hide his disdain. “It’s obviously an advantage.” “One I must need.” “I think a Sith would need to be better than most at deception, yes.” “As opposed to the Knights of Ren with high morals.” She tilts her head, amused. “What is it that you’re supposed to stand for, again?” He Force-parts the door before them with an agitated lift of his hand. “Modernization.” The girl— Darth Nema if the rumors were true about her assuming a title—stalls her walking. Her feet pivot to face him, and she looks up straight into his mask. “I suppose now is as good a time as any for this.” “For what.” Her brows raise. “You think I haven’t noticed you spying on me over the years, Kylo Ren?” He stills. Her eyes once again flash. “I would say that counts as an advantage, wouldn’t you?” His fists clench at his sides as he cranes his neck to look down at her. Her face is almost impassive, if not for the small wrinkle between her brows. Her power is a muted, subtle thing between them that has him instantly wary. There is truth in her words. Over the years, he had not always been able to sate his curiosity with hypotheticals. Sometimes his meditations lead to thoughts of the rival he would one day slay. And when that happened, he would see her. Alone. They shared a Master, but most of her teachings were given to her by ancient holocrons. Droids . This had been the life of Snoke’s precious Sith, kept locked away on some remote planet named Lehon with only ghosts and scraps and Stormtroopers for company. It…had been a comfort, in his weaker moments, to know that Snoke had kept the girl alive to challenge him. That his efforts and training would have purpose beyond the immediate failures he faced. That one day, he would be able to erase this last product of the Sith from the galaxy and carve the path ahead of him into a newer, stronger image. He had not anticipated her being able to sense his presence. Never had she given any indication of it- “But I could.” The girl gives an absent hum, before she starts walking again. Her feet easily avoiding the billows of his own robes. “I assumed there must have been something about my…training that intrigued you.” “My investment in your training was cursory.” “Right, then.” The corners of her lips curl into a grin once more. He is beginning to hate the expression. He watches her. The folds of her tunic form into a V that goes down her chest, the edges of her collarbones visible. Her arms are coiled with muscle, bare but for the black wrappings. She is. Older. And far more of an annoyance than he anticipated. She is also here to usurp him. “It wasn’t my idea, by the way,” she says as he continues to escort her down to where her guest quarters are situated. She eyes the halls of The Finalizer with a wary sort of disdain. Kylo vaguely remembers her being on the ship before, years ago. “The Supreme Leader requested my presence in observing the training of the Knights.” “ My Knights.” “Of course,” she says noncommittally. “And what does the Supreme Leader hope to gain from your…visit.” She faces him, a tendril of hair falling over the clasp of her cape. “I suppose that’s something we’ll both be finding out.” “And the length of your stay?” “For as long as Supreme Leader finds my staying valuable.” She looks forward once more, a hint of amusement in her next words. “It’s no trouble. I’m an old hand at waiting.” Kylo evaluates her out of the side of his mask once again. She is young, still. Eighteen, if the dossiers in Hux’s records were to be trusted. He will not allow her to dig under his skin, no matter how intent she is on doing so. For now, he must put his own concerns aside and instead place his trust in the Supreme Leader’s wisdom—Rey’s presence is ordered, and Kylo intends on finding a benefit in the prospect of her company. “Stay as long as you wish,” he manages in a flat tone. “It makes no difference to me.” Once again her hands return to her pockets. “If you say so.” A spike of annoyance, his next words not as flat as before. “I just did.” She is salt on wounds. Proven by her next statement. “In case you were wondering…” “What . ” “The Supreme Leader thinks you need more training before we are to face each other.” She gives a nonchalant roll of her shoulders. “Our final duel is not going to be set during this visit.” His jaw clenches. With stiff, abrupt movements he hits a panel on the wall. It slides, revealing the quarters Hux’s team has prepared for her arrival. They are equal size to his own, furnished nearly identically. “Your rooms.” She gives a short nod. “That’ll be all until tomorrow?” “ Yes. ” Her eyes dart up to the mask once more. He glares down, angry and despite himself intrigued . Her eyes narrow, just a little, before she blinks. A sharp look at her retinue and all but two Stormtroopers disperse in quick, rehearsed movements. “Lord Ren,” she states crisply. Her title comes from the back of his throat. Barely softer than a grunt. “…Nema.” In a brazen move, she turns her back to him. He eyes the light waves of brown hair over her shoulders, mentally considers where her vulnerable points might be. He barely smothers the resentment at having her so blatantly dismiss him as a threat. Rey sends him a look over her shoulder, before her fingers press the inside panel control and the door slides shut. The two remaining Stormtroopers flank either side of the entrance to her room. Disciplined. Controlled. Kylo tilts his head at one of them. …and loyal. The Stormtrooper’s mask gives away nothing. And Kylo scowls at the door one last time before he stalks down the halls to his room. -- That evening, none of the training droids are spared. He rips through them, one after another, seeing freckles and amber-glowing eyes every time he plunges a lightsaber into their mechanical bodies. -- “And how is our guest settling in?” Hux’s tone doesn’t seem to imply investment one way or another, his gloved hands flipping through datapads with purpose. Kylo stands beside him on the bridge the next day, hands clenched at his sides. “Snoke’s pet is none of my concern.” Hux’s pale lips press together in a refined sneer. “She is no more a pet than you are.” A smug look crosses his face, as though that prospect pleases him. “And, if rumors are to be believed, it is entirely possible she will be taking command in a few short years.” “You doubt me,” Kylo hisses. Hux looks up from his reports. His red-rimmed gaze taking on a slightly vindictive quality before he returns to reading. “It is not for me to question the Supreme Leader’s will…” “Then don’t.” “…but if he wishes for his ideological crusade to culminate in the death of one of his…” Hux’s shoulders raise near imperceptivity. “Whatever you are, I have no personal stake in the religious control of this operation. Only in the tangible.” He hears what the General is not saying. “You’d prefer the girl.” “It has been made quite clear that the preferences of military command will not be taken into account.” Hux passes off a datapad to one of his officers. His fingers tug the edge of his opposite glove, tightening the leather around his grip. “This is your holy war. Not mine.” “But.” Hux’s thin lips pull into a cruel smirk. “But yes, if I had a preferred victor, it would be the girl.” He looks at the chrono on his wrist—an affected gesture, as Kylo is sure the sniveling man has an impeccable internal schedule—and pulls snug his other glove. “Whom I am scheduled to meet. If you’ll excuse me-“ Kylo falls into immediate step beside him. He has no love for Hux, but does not undervalue his role in the Supreme Leader’s forces. If the General is meeting with Rey, it does not bode well for him. “About?” Hux sends him an agitated sneer. “Darth Nema has expressed an interest in our Stormtrooper regimens.” “Why.” Hux’s next words are clipped. “ Perhaps because it is the backbone of our entire operation. There is no Order without my soldiers, Ren. Something you would do well to remember.” With a final, scathing look, Hux strides forward into the repulsor lift. He deliberately closes the doors before Kylo can go forward. He seethes as Hux descends, nearly vibrating in rage. “You,” he growls to one of the officers at his side. The woman startles, head snapping up from the console she was using. “Me, Lord Ren?” “Yes.” She immediately pushes herself up, standing in quick, polished attention. He gives a dismissive glance. “Send the girl’s itinerary to my personal console.” The woman—a petty officer by her insignia—pales. “Lord Ren…” “Is there a problem?” “Darth Nema’s-“ His lip twitches at hearing the title from one of their officers. “-schedule is classified, my Lord.” Her nostrils flare, just slightly. “Only the Supreme Leader and General Hux have access to it.” Darkness pulls at him, the hold on his building frustration at her presence on his ship transforming into a frayed tether. The petty officer must feel it too, as the blood drains from her face. “Are you disobeying a command?” “No, Lord Ren! I only-“ “Then send. The itinerary.” Hand shaking, her arm pulls into a salute. “I-it will be done, Lord Ren.” “You have an hour.” Her voice is strained. “Yes, Lord Ren.” With no other need of the bridge, or it’s less than palatable occupants, Kylo strides to the clarity of his own meditation chamber. -- He is late into his reflections, when there is the sound of a knock on his door. Kylo keeps his eyes shut, his senses stretching out to see who dared to disturb him- -and is not surprised to feel her. Her presence in the Force is a burning brand, white-hot and impossible to avoid in its light. It brushes against his own, and the resulting headache is almost instantaneous. Her wordless request for his presence a low vibration. He should not indulge her. Another knock. Light, almost polite. Kylo’s eyes flicker up to the helm of his grandfather. He stares into the twisted, charred metal before he lets go of a slow breath and stands. With a thought, he closes the door to the chamber and exits to the main room of his quarters. He grabs his mask roughly from its stand, slamming it on before he goes to greet the subject of his ire. -- “You missed brunch.” He looks down at her. She is dressed in near identical clothes as yesterday, the same aloof disinterest surrounding her. Brunch, he thinks, is no doubt something of Hux’s creation. “What do you want.” “To give you something.” Her fingers push back the edge of her cape, revealing a datapad attached to her utility belt. With effortless movement, she unhooks it and raises it up in offering until it is about even with her chin, his chest. He stares at the harmless looking device, wondering what it is she is planning now. “It’s only a datapad,” she chides. He grabs it. In his rashness, his fingers—ungloved from meditation—slide against hers. Her skin is rough and calloused, much like his own. But her touch is warm and not unlike the brand of her Force signature. Her face is impassive, but he draws in a ragged breath before he claims the device for himself, snapping it away from her grip—and skin—as quickly as he can. There’s no passcode. He flexes the hand holding the datapad before using it to scroll. The screen gives him times, locations. A schedule. “I heard you were asking for it.” Kylo looks up. Rey’s eyes glow yellow in the darkened hallway. “All you had to do was ask,” she supplies—and how he loathes her in this moment. “I have nothing to hide.” Because she does not view him as a concern. Or threat. “No,” she agrees with his unspoken thoughts, once again slipping into his mind and claiming what is on the surface of it like the hungry creature she is. Her next statement is detached, rehearsed: “Our fates rest in the grace of our training.” He bites out the only thing he knows for certain about her. “You are foolish.” “Maybe,” she agrees. The Sith takes a half step back. “Until tomorrow, Lord Ren.” Tomorrow. When she joins his Knights for training. Kylo doesn’t watch her retreat. Instead he turns, violently slamming the door of his quarters behind him. The datapad is thrown on the ground as he allows the grip of her phantom fingers to be replaced with the hilt of his lightsaber. He turns his weapon over and over in his hold, until there are scars rendered into the metal of his walls and he no longer feels that branding presence upon him. Notes: -Nema from Nemo, meaning No One