Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Chapter One ... "I'm glad you've decided to join us." The voice hums through the mask and dissipates throughout the range of the battlefield. His appearance is that of a massive creature, draped in the blackest of attire. His aura is striking and predominant in the lightly dusted air, smoke arising through intricately designed machinery of the base, and the mixed scent of oil and mud is all too prevalent. The remaining of the Resistance are scrambling, whispering, wondering what outcome could possibly come out of this situation. Alot of them are silently begging the girl to get out the way, or she'd be blasted along with them. Among the petrified group, Poe shifts uncomfortably in his restraints knowing that Kylo Ren, who was willing to ravage his mind to pieces, is now being blocked off by a lone and defiant figure. He feels a great unease and stares long at the white robbed figure as if it would give her strength. Storm Troopers from all around are yelling at the rebels to stay quiet and they themselves waiting for any order of their commanders to shoot them down. The captured Resistance shouts and tells the woman to run away and to get out while she still could. But it is too late. Her body is the only protective barrier between that monster and her friends. Her palms are facing the huddle of white-armored storm troopers, an insubmissive use of the Force is suspending the lasers from their blaster rifles. Rey does not budge and the towering black figure had only been spurred on by their howling. Kylo Ren steps forward, his foot crunching against the destroyed and crippled metal. The shots head off into a tangent as soon as the woman allowed it, causing everyone to cringe at the piercing sound to reach their ears, crackling and exploding against the rocks and the barks of the surrounding trees. He watches in musing silence, at the improvement she had undergone since the three years they had been apart. She'd already learned so much. Imagine what she could have accomplished with me. He eyes her heaving form draped in symbolic white, flowing cloths from across the debris of destroyed wing fighters. She is still under Skywalker's tutelage. He could sense the anger and the raw pure energy radiating under that thick skin of hers. He could feel it all through the bond, and even if she did try to make an effort to hide it all, he would know. He had long sensed something cultivating within, a lot of it was due to the deep rooted bond they have within one another, that he decided that he could not be patient any longer. He was finally going to give her that power she subconsciously thirsted for, even if she hadn't realized that yet. He would be her teacher. On this new improvised battlefield, their clothing seem to contrast each other in the dawning light of the sky. His menacing black robes waving behind his tall form, and her off white tones of cloth floating towards him in the violent wind, as if it were symbolically representing her attraction to the dark side. Her hooded brown cloak almost effectively hiding the entirety of her face beside her scowling mouth. She does not yet seem to be a fully realized Jedi. Still a freshly budding Padawan, ready for the taking and one that did not know what it could blossom into. He could sense her strife for the light and her desperate hands hungrily latching onto whatever lightness she could find in herself. But he knows. He knows that there was more of him in Rey than there ever was of Luke Skywalker. She is his . He'd be the one to take her. "Are you just going to stand there?" Her voice is lovely and resounding to his ears, despite it being a dare. "Or you going to attack?" His laugh pierces the receding silence, sounding crude and strange from the mechanical buzz of his helmet. No one ever heard Kylo Ren laugh, not even the Storm Troopers. "I came for more than just that." "I'm not asking for anything else." Rey drops her hands but maintains them defensively and at poise with her own light saber hilt. "Not asking for a teacher either, if that's what you're wondering." In her most reproachful tone she calls from the distance. She finally had a verbal response to his insistent desires. Three years it took, and now they're speaking face to face once again. It feels slightly nostalgic for the both of them. However more for one than the other. "It's not your permission I'm asking for this time." Rey wants to say something that would get him riled up but is cut off by a familiar voice. "Rey? Is that really you!?" Finn. Kylo Ren flinches. He… was alive? He seethes at the sight of this traitorous mongrel. No matter. Rey is more important right now. To capture her thoughts once again, his hands reach up to the sides of his helmet, glove sleek fingers press gently and push upwards. A steam of air is released and his unobstructed face revealed before the crowd of both First Order troops and Resistence. Everyone is speechless. Not many had the chance to look at Kylo Ren's face. Not even the top commanders. General Hux, one of the very few who had ever caught a glimpse of this man, glares intently. His dark facial features opposite of his fuming red tones, eyes dark and striking, and that scar—that scar's new. Everything is an inspection from his angled position behind the Dark Lord. His large hindering mark is available to every present eye, but no one had known where it had come from. Only Rey. It is solid pink now, long ago healed and stretching from its heavy splash mark on the bottom right of his jaw to a thin crisp line cross his left brow. It originated from the foul burn of Rey's lightsaber. It is a reminder to Kylo Ren that even he made horrible mistakes, and maybe that was why he wasn't ever willing to show his face around. "Rey—" He spoke with mal-intent and fervor in his voice, interrupting her emotional train of thought. He unsheathes his magnificent, glowing cross guard. The raw and immense purr of the lightsaber could be heard the moment his thumb flicked it on. It is new and refurbished, even better than before. He isn't the same man she'd known. Notes: *UPDATED AND REVISED 10/10/16 Sorry guys. I've been rereading my chapters and I found them to be a bit sloppy. I had to rewrite alot and fix so many damn grammar mistakes. Let me know what you think! Chapter 2 Kylo glanced aside and situated his vision on the silently observant Hux, who was returning the stare with as much ferocity. His eyes pierced into his, and the man gave a conceited smirk as if he were about to prove his strength at this very moment. After all, he had now been a fully realized Sith . And now that he achieved such a status, his eyes blazed with a burning dark yellow hue. Only through closer inspection had Hux realized this. It had been appropriately contrasted against his pale features and raven black mane, followed by his starkly dark attire to match his own. He towered over the order stationed behind, appearing even taller than he had ever been before. His training had been completed, and now he would be to give the entire order a reason to revere his power. His formidable strength would be now displayed before a multitude of imprisoned onlookers; he would now give everyone a reason to fear Kylo Ren. Rey hadn't budged, not a single hair displaced within her incredibly still physique. Mentally, she was unstirred as pond against his own ravaging thoughts. It was the Jedi's approach to a battle—to not attack unless stricken first. There is no emotion. Only serenity. Through the force, Kylo heard her mantra and scoffed inwardly. He would be the one to change that. "You've done enough, Kylo Ren." She challenged the man aloud, reassuring her allegiance as she had read his mind as well. The band of rebel fighters seemed in awe at the brave girl defying Kylo Ren. Would Rey alone be able to save the resistance from the First order? Finn was fidgeting in the suspense of the situation, and had known Rey to a much acute degree than the others and knew that if she had once defeated Kylo Ren, she could do it again. But he wasn't there to accompany her. She was alone this time. Nevertheless, he had faith in her, his fists clenched tightly at his sides. This was going to be a messy battle. Her small frame shifted under everyone's intense gaze and trust, but only served to ignite her well-seated insurgence and valor. "Leave this planet at once. It belongs to the resistance!" His voice was demanding as well, but comparably softer to the one under his helmet. "Everything is already in tatters and ruin. This planet is no longer fit to be called home to the resistance. I suggest you allow yourselves to be taken prisoner or be destroyed along with it." But that was not the entire truth. He had only wanted the storm troopers to fire at the rebels, to draw out Rey. He could feel her through the force bond, and realized that the only way to pull her out from hiding was to attack her dear friends and loved ones. Although Kylo Ren stopped short a few feet before the brave little Padawan, his right arm held slightly outward, his fingers coiling just under the cross guard of his rumbling, vividly crimson light saber. Rey noticed that his right arm… it was entirely prosthetic. Was it the outcome of their last duel? Had she damaged the tendons enough, beyond repair that he would resort to cutting it off entirely? She pinched her cloak's hood back and allowed him a full view of her beautifully symmetrical features. Closer now, Kylo could detect her slightly aged but youthful countenance. Her catlike eyes seemed more brightly green than hazel as it reflected in the colorful blend of the sky. She seemed worn down. Tired . Exhausted from what he assumed to be Luke's rigorous training. Her hair was no longer in its signature three bun style anymore, but rather a long and grown out braid. It peeked out from the curvature of her shoulder and swung to the small of her back. He preferred this look much more than the former. It seemed fitting. Rey glanced back to the fearful expressions of the rebels, clearly worn down in their war of attrition, side by side in their shackled wrists. She had to save them. Her emotions intensified when her scanning eyes met with Finn—it had been three years since they'd seen each other. "I'll win this again. I promise. " He nodded with approval, smiling back at the girl risking her life for the resistance. As a force-sensitive scavenger she saved him once before and now as a trained Padawan, she doesn't waste a second breath doing it again. She was unbelievably heroic, more so than he will ever be. "We'll see about that." Kylo's suave voice replied, followed by the sound of a swift sputter of his lightsaber swinging toward Rey. Immediately Rey veered backwards and narrowly dodged the heat of the blade, unsheathing her own brightly green one. Her own light clashed and sparked against his eerily ominous one, her hand purposefully aiming away from his cross guarded hilt so that she wouldn't be seared through by one of its side handles. He hoped she would dodge that, and she did. He smirked. She would make the perfect, groomed student. Their bodies grew close, their gravity thrusting each other at the will of the mind. Their faces neared while their forms remained stagnant at a counterbalanced stance. They listened to each other thoroughly, looking for any weaknesses. Their breathing grew at quick intermittent cycles. Their robes wildly whipped against each other's brutal power, their opposing forces clashing yet spinning, like yin and yang. Her own light saber sounded refined. Cultured. Pure . His sounded raw. Primal . Like a cat purring. Although Rey hadn't been a fully realized Jedi, she proved to have the strength of one. Kylo ground his teeth at that thought, but he knew in his mind that he would overpower her. He had yet to show her the true ways of the force. The dark side. The ground shook around their displays of true power, the harmonizing balance of the grey force outlined in the hostility of the dark and through the compassion of the light. As blinding as it may be, it was beautiful to both the First Order and the Resistance. Although her legs were in a stance meant to stabilize her form, her knees were slowly giving way against his enormity. Had her years of training not been enough? Had she been too eager to become the heroine? The one who saved the innocent from the evil? The mechanical grinding of Kylo's arm filled her ears, and she felt the slow forced descent of her frame to the ground. He was gaining the upper hand. It was Rey's mistake to fight the brute of a man on open ground, as she excelled primarily in her agility and nimble exploitation of terrain. Her wrist flicked back painfully and unable to bear the weight of his muscle and height, she quickly sidestepped and shaved her saber from his unyielding grip. She lightly tapped the ground around him, forcing the Sith master to turn away from the imprisoned rebels. She wanted it that way. In any case were she to dodge one of his attacks and it were to be directed towards her friends… she wouldn't be able to forgive herself. His signature twirl of the cross guard light saber prompted Rey into a defensive stance, but he didn't strike as she suspected he would. He merely threatened the girl with his heavy steps and his glowing yellow eyes. They weren't as dark as she remembered them to be. He was different now. He could sense her falter through the force. He could sense her fear. Chapter 3 His palm opened like a blossoming flower and cultivated a massive push in Rey's direction. She crossed her arms defensively and stood her ground with as much mental capacity as she could muster, a horse-like braid whipping in the air behind her. Her body met with excruciating pain, as if her bare body had been bombarded with thousands of tiny rocks and needles. It was so painful that any normal being would've been sent crashing into the troop of white-armored soldiers. But not Rey. Rey was training for a day like this to come. "Impressive." Said Kylo Ren, who'd been almost captivated. "Yet you still have so much to learn." His black glove was still suspended in the air, sending multiple force pulses against the Padawan who remained with great resolve. It was a shame that she'd been acting more defensively and reserved than she had on Starkiller Base. Prime had that moment been, because Kylo Ren noticed something more in the scavenger. More than a force bond. There was something fundamental growing inside her, a fresh and unrefined ball of emotion cultivating in her thoughts. Her passion. Her anger. Her resentment. He could feel those sensations seeping into his skin as Rey slashed at him with her lightsaber. He remembered the feelings as they were his own, even to this day. "Who are you to dictate what I learn? You're not my master, so you don't have any say." Rey spat out, maintaining a false façade of composure. "I will continue to grow, you—on the other hand… Being a heartless monster can only get you so far." This is where you end. She whispered to him, through the force. Kylo brushed past her anger-provoking statement, and instead hearing her thought in his mind loud and clear. It was as if she'd screamed it right into his ear. And to counter that, he spitefully reminded her. I have a difficult time believing that. You've already had your chance to end my life. Your last and only chance. She tried her best not to react, but she'd been slightly riled up by that comment. That split second when she decided to step back and observe her handiwork unleashed upon his face, a few fleeting breaths was all it would have taken. Yet her light saber remained in hand at her side. She didn't regret it however, and that was what made it so confusing to think about. I could've killed you too. On Takodana… inside the interrogation room… His thought softly trailed off. Kylo Ren's full lips turned up at the corners as triumph began setting on his ruggedly attractive features. Yet here you are. His voice was resounding in her mind. He was right. He had plenty of opportunities to kill her, yet he had chosen a path of mercy—of compassion. "Compassion?" Kylo Ren countered her thoughts with his now openly audible voice. The sword hilt was held tightly in his mechanical fingers, a grip so tight that she could hear the grinding of the two metals rubbing together from where she was. "No. Passion ." He'd always go above and beyond to peek into the mind of the former-scavenger. Her eyebrows knotted together, discerning the fact that she wasn't as gifted at mindreading as he had been. Those who were near enough to listen to the Sith master's words were quite perplexed. No one knew there was a force bond between the two combatants, so they never could have known about the internal conversation going on amidst their battle. No one could have known. Only Rey. And only Kylo. The light of her light saber shifted quickly enough to leave only the remnants of a luminescent, soft glow dancing around her body. Her legs had often taken a defensive stance, yet it had proven effective enough to last even ten minutes of battle with the commander of the First Order. Their sabers crossed into a standstill, the light and mixture of colors reverberating into the atmosphere between their focused faces. Kylo caught the woman off guard with a swift force shove as he simultaneously ground his blade against hers, her clothing almost ripped to tatters as a result of rigorous friction of the surroundings. No one had uttered a word, not a sound from either side of opposition. They had all hung in silence, witnesses to their final solitary battle represented by a lone member of each side. Each enemy hoped their gladiator would win, but the outcome could never be clear. It never was. The only thing to expect was the unexpected. Finn was watching her closely, his fearful eyes ever wide open and afraid to miss a single moment of blunder. Any moment of slipup and Rey could be hacked to pieces by Kylo Ren's abrasive actions. She can win this. He knew she could. She was almost a Jedi and trained to a state far higher than the scavenger who'd already defeated him in the past. He never lost his hope and unyielding faith. Because that was all he had to offer with his hands chained and his strength sunken low into the ground. If one of Poe's hands were freed, he'd place in on his comrade's shoulder. He momentarily glanced at his sweating face from three rebel men sideward, taking a deep breath. He didn't know Rey as personally as Finn did, but if he believed that she could win, then by the Force he will believe it too. His entire squadron's freedom was resting on the shoulders of this Padawan. Of this yet to be Jedi. But he had faith that the Resistance could scramble out of the clutches of the First Order once again. Chapter 4 Rey succumbed to a multitude of scratches and abrasions along the outer rim on her right arm as she skidded to a halt on one side of her body. The pressure of the dark force was no matter however, as her grip on the light saber remained unyielding. Her ears were merely inches from the ground and through it she could hear his footsteps growing steadily near, clashing against the dirt. Her grip on the empty hilt tightened, her arm bent at her side as her form promptly made due with time. He was approaching fast. She had to get up. Move . Move! Ignoring the hisses of pain coming from the right side of her body, she regained footing through a now more crouched form and quickly readied herself for the next strike. She noticed that Kylo Ren always traversed with a slight brusque and ungraceful step, but now … As her calm hazel eyes were scrutinizing every detail of the walking terror, she noticed his approach—his movements were strangely coordinated. But that didn't mean his attacks were anything but relentless. "Rey!" A heavy voice broke the silence. It was Finn's. He noticed something sparking, something nonexistent suddenly sprouting directly behind Rey. If she didn't move now… she would burst into flames. Barely . Just barely had she managed to avoid the bulk of the dark destruction. Her spine felt like she just laid down on a bed of hot coals and rolled around generously. Just shut out the pain. Find strength through compassion. Through Serenity. She took a deep breath and regained her lost footing, only to stumble outside the path of another explosion. Her breathing grew in quickened paces, her body struggling to get around the more she was exposed to flames. She felt herself jumping around, like an over perpetuated rabbit afraid of being seared into thin ashes. She paused. Why was it so quiet? Why couldn't she hear his thoughts? Without the use of her connection, she decided to give him another long look. But only because he allowed her too. It was through a whim of his, a moment of short reprieve that let her have steadying breaths. His dauntingly dark form was still, and the crimson saber ominously purring at his side, dormant. He wasn't using it. He was merely showing off the true dominance he assumed over the battlefield and through the use of the Force. Kylo Ren wasn't only sparks and slashes. He wasn't only composed of swordsmanship. His cross guard was more of a complimentary extra arm, more or less. She was on her hands and knees, glaring coldly up at the man arrogantly glaring down at her. His face was quite impassive, and it wasn't his thoughts that gave anything away but through the bond she could feel that mask of conquest, the sensation of gaining the upper hand. Strands of hair fell out of place and around the sides of her face, her mouth shrinking tightly, the literal heat of the battle causing her to sweat profusely. What was she going to do? She couldn't lose her friends to this man. They were her only family, and she was one swift strike of a sword away from losing them all. By now, anyone—be it Hux, Poe, Finn—could see Rey and the frustration setting on her features. His metallic fingers straightened out slowly, and instantaneously she felt the skin around her neck tighten, constrict until she couldn't gasp for a single breath. Almost as quickly as the feeling creeped onto her windpipe, it dispersed. It was as if Kylo merely warned her of his capabilities, lest she persisted onwards against the First Order. He was causing so much damage, and yet he barely moved a few centimeters. How infuriating. No . She couldn't think in such a way. She needed to be calm. Master had taught that she must maintain tranquility despite the severity of any battle. She could feel her thoughts slowly drag back to her as a low drone of a dark, mystical lightsaber vibrated in her ears. She was never expecting it… but the burning blade tore through her chest. She was on her knees and her mouth slowly agape. He plunged it right through her heart, right up to the signature cross of his dearly cherished lightsaber. Her mind was a buzz. Everything was happening so fast. It was all a frantic blur. She was going to die. This was where her life ended. In the end, it had been in lieu of the freedom of her friends, of the resistance. In the end… it was the only true way to give one's life. Almost as if it been a cinematic projector, she found reality warp again but now with time rewound. She was once again crouching on the ground with her lightsaber hand in hand, and the grazes along her arm still fresh in mind. You're still so easily susceptible to the darkness that surrounds you. Kylo's voice reached her, reminding the woman that she was in true reality now. Was this a figment of the dark side? Was he able to control her hallucinations as well? Regardless, she experienced overwhelming fatigue as a result of that conceived battle. But you choose to die with no such regrets, despite the anger that swells within you. Interesting. Rey shot back with her own thoughts through the bond. I would gladly die for my comrades, I believe you know nothing the likes of which. She tore a beige cloth from her already ruined attire and wrapped it tightly around her arm, hoping for it to subside the pain. She braced herself into position, her pastel light saber poised and ready to deflect any strike willed against her. His voice pierced her mind once again, now crudely. Just a string of insults and accusations, aren't you? Well it's obvious, regarding the fact that you murdered your father—your own blood. He grew quiet. Was that… remorse? It was the smallest twinge sensation. Just one breath and she could've missed it. Chapter 5 "What are you doing, CR-467?" Poised and ready had the trooper been and his blaster furtively aimed at his side, his finger shaking to shoot at the Padawan's back. The Sith master kept her at bay, still and completely vulnerable for a good few minutes. His helmet nervously turned to the commander counterpart of Kylo Ren and his voice buzzed through quietly. "I believe this is the best chance we've got, sir." "What do you mean?" His arctic blue eyes narrowed on him. "With her back to us, she will be open to any of our attacks. We can—" He scoffed, interrupting his soldier. "As much as I'd like you to blast that scavenger right in her neck, killing her will not suffice for the First Order." "But sir, if we can at least immobilize her so that Master Ren can—" "If you interrupt their battle, you will endure a fate much worse than the traitorous scum rotting in our prison cells. Kylo Ren will not take too kindly to anyone lest they do. And certainly not to you, trooper." His hand lowered. He'd been more reluctant now and certainly frightened for his life. "I do value your intent. However, you'll find yourself underneath her rank soon enough." His blaster rifle was stationed defensively and he silently nodded. The whole purpose of this was to capture the Luke Skywalker's Padawan. "Of course sir." Personally, the First Order and certainly the knights of Ren, could carry on without the addition of a lowly scavenger. The idea of capturing of her was brought to such low regard when he was shown the extent of how troublesome it was to induct her. How annoying. Hux's focus shifted back to the silent duo, they were now dancing along each other like two equally dominant lions. For a split second, he wished to have a strong connection with the force, only then could he wield a weapon as powerful as a lightsaber. That envy quickly dispersed as he relished in his supreme control of the First Order's troops. That kind of power serves well enough to his tastes rather than dirtying his own hands on the battle ground. Closer to the heat of the battle, internal strife was warring about. Master Ren growled as he accidently let a drop of sentiment seep into the Padawan's mind. However, that was more than enough to get her mind racing. Why? Her thoughts intercepted his. Why did you do it? You show guilt yet you parade this as if it was your greatest achievement! His warm eyes burned brightly in the intensity of the light as their swords came to many clashing blows. You're right, killing Han Solo does bring me regret. But only because of the time I wasted thinking that he could take care of anyone but himself. She was basking in the ocean of passion and vigor of his emotions and it felt deeper than ever before. The amassed amount of anger and frustration at his absentee of his father was shoved right out into the open—right in her swirling mind. She couldn't help but tempt the sleeping dragon and continued with their internal conversation. He was still your father... He may have been a father to you. But he was a disgrace to me. He was liar. A coward. You would've understood had you been my sister…Rey. Her heart was swelling. She could've had someone to look up to. But that kind of future wasn't available. Not anymore. He found himself wincing, shielding his eyes with his forearm before a stray blast came from his alleged side of the battlefield. The explosion shook the skies and contended with his vision, stuffing the air with smoke, dust, shrapnel and the scent of gun powder. Someone… had blown up their landing shuttle! Who? Who could it have been? Had Rey planned this from the beginning? With everything Hux and his men had prepared for the capture of the resistance base, they were still on the ground gasping and coughing for unobstructed breath from the cluttered air. Unlike Kylo, they were more neighboring to the explosion than he had been. "General—" FR-462's electronic voice sounded through the wreckage, "should we call for backup? A good lot of our troopers were still inside the shuttle before the blast happened. We...we've got some of our men lying in pieces out here." "There's nothing we can do about it." Sharply noted Hux. "Gather up anyone you can find. Anyone with a beating pulse and remain locked on your duties. Remember what you came for." He rose from knees to his feet, brushing the shrapnel off his shoulder pad. His glove brushed back his flaming red locks and the man straightened his posture even more elegantly than before. "Let Kylo Ren redeem himself. And if he can't even accomplish that...then we leave him as prisoner to the resistance." He paused in surprise, at the sudden whim of betrayal between one commander and another. He continued again, "But what of the men we captured? The rebels you ordered to stay put?" "And I order you to do just that. Don't let a single one escape. More importantly, we should look for whoever caused that explosion. Clearly we're missing a rebel. Maybe more. They're hiding out there, prancing around with their heads up their ass. Find them. Send a few troopers out there and find them." The trooper nodded and cocked his gun towards the resistance. A few men, as far as Hux's eagle eye could perceive, jogged off into the forest in radiating directions. "The General wishes us to stay and keep the resistance at bay. We are to shoot if any try to escape" His orders sounded in their communicators, the huddle of troopers surrounding the rebel men. In unison, they defensively aimed their blaster rifles at the chained rebels in response and remained put. If they were lucky enough, Rey would defeat Kylo Ren and they would be their merry way, out and about the forest and without any fear of First Order troops coming after them. If only. Although they weren't as close to the explosion as the first order battalion was, the seized rebels wheezed in their breaths and crooked their figures away from the blast as much as their restraints would allow, while Finn leaned in as much as he could and strained to find the Padawan in the shadowy smog. As the wispy air finally circulated out into the atmosphere and all eyes were fully open to the dulling skies, she was nowhere to be found. And... neither was Kylo Ren. Was she planning to lead him away so that he and the rebels can find a chance to escape? "Damn it! Damnit all. Rey!" His deep seated breath escaped through his nose, all he had to do was get these chains off and out of the way. Right now he was wrist to wrist, subdued by this plasma like substance and it was the only thing holding him in place. Had his training only allowed him to come this far? Or could he finally prove that was worth something on the battle field? Chapter 6 Notes: *Updated* It had been dusk and the night was slowly creeping upon the inhabitants of D'Qar. The air was still drenched with the scent of destruction and burnt substance, while the humidity slowly intermingled with the expanse of the dimming skies. Kylo Ren's boots smashed into the muddy soil, trekking through the complicated roots of the forest. The dim lighting had done no justice to the man's dark composure, however his golden eyes powerfully glowed in the shadows of the massive tree tops. The moment the shuttle flared up into bright explosions, he sensed her disappear with the smoke. It was as if she was prepared and ready, like this was a stage and she had finally taken her cue to flee. Extremely agile—a small, nimble, and premature little Jedi she was. He narrowly missed her, the skin of her bicep just brushing past his grasping palm. She took off into the distance and disappeared into the thicket of the wild verdancy. Even though it didn't take long for Kylo to take off after her, he quickly lost his sights on her physical form. He sighed. Finding her should be no problem. How did you destroy my shuttle? Kylo's mind rippled in with hers like two pebbles dropped into a single pond. He awaited her reply, as his inquisitive stare had been grazing along the horizon of lush green forests. All that could be heard were the chirps and cries of woodland animals, only nature had been the reply to his requests. Something had been barricading his mind from her deeper thoughts—from something he desperately wanted to know. She had no intentions of revealing the culprit be it herself or another. Could she have been capable of such a feat despite under the weight of his mighty light saber? The only person who hadn't been captured was standing right in front of him. There's no way she could have done anything without moving suspiciously, even in the slightest bit. Throughout their entire battle, his eyes had been glued to her. He'd would've noticed something. He sought her out through the bond, his mind interlaced with hers ever so gently. He goaded her on, an incessant assault on the will she so proudly portrayed. Y ou can't hide forever. She'd been heading off in direction opposite to the resistance base. Something was telling him that she wanted to lead the threat away from the captured rebels, all so that they had a chance to escape, playing the bait. Why are you running, Rey? Are you frightened of me? There was a small disturbance, a small wave of discomfort reverberating towards his mind. He finally got to her. As the sun's light was dimming out from above the tree's skyline, darkness was preparing to sink its teeth into the surroundings. It seemed as though the vegetation had been endless and forever looping into the same image of vines, bushes, tree trunks, and wild flowers. Her footsteps were quite difficult to perceive, they disappeared into the infestation of grass that sprang out of the dirt and mud. The aura she emanated, a powder of some sort, an all-too familiar resonance she left behind was too fresh for her to have been long gone. Actually...it was so fresh she could sense the shuffling of bushes, crunching of leaves, and a brisk pacing of boots against the muddy terrain. It was Rey. The sound was more than enough motivation for Kylo to kick it in high gear. He nimbly paced through the terrain, a mixture of dark green whirring past him. He could hear her breath quicken, and that made his accelerate in succession as well. "I know exactly where you are, Rey." His voice announced with much patience, his half-lidded eyes scanning the surroundings in a gradual panorama. "Keep running and you'll get tired. I have a compass that leads directly to you." A bond that was both a blessing and a curse. "Come out and I promise to be a bit more forgiving. I might even spare their lives. Your friends?" Immediately he unsheathed his powerful saber to saw through the branches and green foliage. How annoying. As he cut through, he still couldn't gain any vision on the little rabbit that decided to run away. "Come out Rey. I will find you. Even if I have to tear this whole forest down. And when I do, your final destination won't be a happy one." "Even if I do come with you..." A disembodied voice crept into his right ear, barely audible from the barrier of vegetation but it was still there. Immediately he churned his body to the direction of the voice."There's no guarantee that this base is going to survive. You're going to destroy this planet, aren't you?" "Why would it matter to you? It's not your home. You don't live here. And you weren't born here—" He was interrupted immediately by her skeptical thoughts, followed by her sharp tongue. "My FRIENDS live here!" She shouted, stepping into a clear line of sight now. It felt strange now that they were speaking to each other in person again. Well, more like Rey listening and Kylo giving her tasteless speeches. "Friends you've only known and spoken to for a few weeks. What are they to you?" She clicked the hilt of her saber and let the green glow, defensively aimed at Kylo Ren's massive stature. Her off-white robes were intact but her long braid was slightly out of place, with locks of dirty brown hair falling loosely behind her ears. She had been covered in dirt and leaves. Perhaps to conceal her traces? How pointless , Kylo thought. By now Skywalker should have at least taught that nothing can crack the union between two force sensitives, the nature that surrounded them amplified their connection to each other more than anything. "And what are you ? My friend too?" He smiled politely, taking several steps towards the all-too defensive woman. "I could be. You certainly don't want to be on the wrong side when this war ends... Rey." "Me? Join your oppressive band of radicals you deem the right side?" The tip was pointed at an upwards slant, daring him to come any closer. "I don't know why anyone would want to be apart of the First Order. You're all the same to me. Horrible enough to kill innocent people who haven't at all been involved with the Resistance. On Jakku—you killed them. Don't think I haven't heard about it. " "They were harboring vital information about the location of Luke Skywalker. Had they confessed from the beginning, they wouldn't have died." "It doesn't matter if they told you or not! After you'd gotten everything you wanted, you would've ordered your troopers to kill them!" "Who's to say what would have happened. But..." He abruptly stopped, a tall shadow of a man hidden within the foliage. "I do know that it led to the escape of a certain droid. One that led me straight to you." "I wish it hadn't—then none of this would have happened." "Then the death of Skywalker would've already been written in history books. He'd have been long gone by now, Rey. You never would have become what you are today." She paused, reevaluating the choice of her words. Kylo continued. "And you.. you would have still been on that trash heap of a planet. Alone." He murmured, an inkling of sincerity in his voice. "Afraid of the dangers that lay ahead." She duly noted where he'd moved, how his body was positioned and waited. Almost...almost he'd been near enough to be where she wanted him to be, into a trigger area where Rey could finally put herself into motion. "Jakku in itself was a danger!" Her face was sullen and grudging all at once, appalled that he would even say such a thing. "Don't you dare say I'm naive, Kylo Ren. You don't know what its like to live in a place so similar to hell that you wonder to yourself. Am I going to live tomorrow? Am I going to find enough food before some monster kills me in my sleep? Am I going ever going to be able to have someone by my side when the day is over? I'd been the only—" In a sudden conciliatory respect, he reached out to her with his saber now sheathed once again. "You don't have to worry about that anymore." "You're right—I don't." Rey hovered her hand over a tree trunk as he neared her. I'm not too sure of what you want with me, Kylo Ren, so here's a taste of what's coming to you." She placed her palm on the back of a tree and pushed forward. It seemed as though she already sliced into the bellow of it but just enough so she could control where it fell. It timbered right down on Kylo Ren, who squinted into the night sky to see what was to become of him. It was too dark to see what was going on, but the sounds of groaning, ripping of roots, and the whistling of leaves through the air—it gave him many clues as to what was about to happen. Rey wasted no time watching whether or not the Master of Ren was going to be squashed, and she took off into the foliage with leaps and bounds. She ran like her life depended on it. Well, it was more that her friends' lives depended on it. Her light saber already lay dormant at her hip, swinging violently as she trudged with desperate attempts through the wild. Almost tripping with a sizable root that grew too far out of the ground, she stumbled into the base of a rather large tree. She used her hands as a propeller off the trunk and she jumped into a a thorny mess of greenery, not bothering to slap away any stray over-sized leaves that veered a little too close to her face. She couldn't control the way the leaves crunched loudly under her feet. The way nature gave her away hadn't mattered. It was the fact that he would find her no matter how quiet she'd been. Moving at a fast enough pace, being far enough so that he couldn't reach her mattered the most. She was pretty sure that Kylo Ren wouldn't have been done in by a tree. It would be a pathetic way to die. And she found her assumptions correct as she heard a heavy crunching of leaves somewhere behind her. "You seem to like running away." A voice sounded through the still brimming forest, only littered with the sounds of insects chirping through its darkness. It was his voice that drew so much attention. "But you can only get so far on a planet as small as this." He was so close to her. So fast. He was catching up to her at an impeding pace. "I can tell you're heading towards the river...Rey. I can swim, but I'm not too sure you can." Her heart thumped heavily through her chest. She couldn't. She couldn't. That was the downfall to growing up on a desert planet. She endowed skills to survive even in the most harsh, barren conditions. But that wasn't enough to teach essentials, things necessary to her survival in the galaxy. She burst through a particular clump of branches, her cheeks scratching with each swipe to the face. It hadn't hurt as much as she'd like to admit, but it was certainly annoying. Passing through the obstruction, she could hear the rumbling of water nearby. He was right. She wanted to get a good view of the river, her neck stretching, her eyes veering over the spread of tree trunks and tall grass, she wanted to get a good judgement of how deep it was. But her time was cut short when she found her upper arm being viciously pulled back into a sea of darkness. She screamed as the sudden seizure of her body overwhelmed her senses. She wanted to grab her light saber and possibly cut off an arm or two, but quickly he snatched the hilt and tossed it into the jumble of leaves and bushes. It was lost. She couldn't possibly find it with Kylo Ren breathing down her neck. They were a struggling ball of limbs, and the result: Kylo Ren pinning her down into the dirty, muddy ground. His legs were placed between her legs so that she couldn't kick him somewhere indecently, his knees pressured into her thighs, and his palms harshly pinning each wrist down with a blood-suffocating intent. She was a wild child, thrashing about, struggling to get into a good position to strike back at her abductor. His breath had been as quick as hers. But instead of her fearful expression, it was that of thrill plastered on his features. "Get off me...Kylo Ren. I'll tear you apart." Her teeth were bared at him, the woman trying with all her might to intimidate the man above. But he was vicious. It was like the prey trying to scare away the predator. "With what? A light saber you no longer have? Be aware Rey. Making empty threats will get you no where." "Get OFF." Her fists were struggling, stammering against his weight, trying to get this heathen off her. He was so close. Close enough to feel like the breath was being stolen from her lungs. "I can't have you running too far off now. My men will wonder where I've gone." "Good. They should just leave you behind. You would've done the same to them." She could see his distinct features, and with his face being so close, his eyes shimmered in the threat of darkness. His lips curved up in a smile, a smile dangerous enough to make her want to punch him. "I don't remember you having such a sharp tongue." She glared up at him, the courage and audacity ringing in her tone. "And I don't remember you having such a large scar on your face. Oh, wait—" His laugh, however momentary it may be, caught her off guard. His largely apparent scar was stretching across his face, visible in the night light of the forestry. "Judging by your expression, you want to brand me with another one... don't you?" "You thought right." "Don't worry, a chance like that will never arise again. I assure you." Her arms struggled from side to side, trying to pry loose the vice-grip he had on her wrists. "Who knows? Maybe you'll find yourself as surprised as you had the last time. You have a habit of putting yourself up on a pedestal, Kylo Ren." "And you'll get one too." His breath was a storm of heat and she shifted uncomfortably. "You could finally be apart of something greater. Something grand. Something you are well deserved." "I'm not joining the First Order." She retorted, resisting the urge to spit into his face. Rey found herself struggling to breathe and to control her anger. Even though she knew he was his son, he looked alot like Han Solo. Just darker. He was going to be the father that rescued her from Jakku. He was her role model. He was going to teach her and— He'd quickly grazed over her mind again and his heavy voice reprimanded her once again, "I've done both of us a favor. You are better off without that disgrace of a man—" "But he was your father!" Her full set of teeth bared at him, "How could you do that to your own father ?" His dark locks fell around his face and his sharp eyes followed the contours of the former scavenger. She had been quite the vicious one, even more so than before. He could sense the loneliness and desolation in the force bond, but these emotions materialized in her glossy hazel eyes. Chapter 7 Even in the darkness could she see the disparaging colors in his features, the way a Sith's eyes would alarmingly glow in the blackest of nights. The proximity was dangerous, as dangerous as when she'd been veering off the cliff on the Starkiller Base. "You're a monster." She spat, the ridges in her nose indenting, her face full of detest. "I'm only a monster through the eyes of the resistance." He glared down at her. "I've done what I needed to do. He was in the way and I needed to be somewhere." "In the way!?" She said incredulously. "Where!?" Her fists shoved upwards so that his fingers could maybe-somehow slide off her wrists with enough force of will. "Where could you have possibly been? You needed to find where I was, didn't you?" "You're right. I wouldn't have left had I realized you'd been so gifted with the force, scavenger, and I certainly wouldn't have left you alone with those dim-witted troopers." He sighed, yet his eyes were roaming her features with eagerness and desire. "Three years wasted. But do I suppose you're still young." "And now that you have me in your tiny little clutches, what do you plan to do next? Blow this planet up too?" She scoffed, snorting quickly. "You already know why I'm here, Rey. You don't think I'd just stop by a planet all for fun and games, do you? A planet as low and insignificant as this one? I could've blasted D'Qar into oblivion, all from the safety of my own command room if I wanted to. I wouldn't even be here if you weren't. You should be relieved...guilty too, if you want to get deeper into it." "I have no regrets. Those rebel men are still alive and that's all that matters." His weight was beginning to bore into her wrists, her arms losing feeling and a prickling sensation washing over her hands. "So what does that mean? My friends are spared?" "No." He countered, assuring the woman that whatever she wanted, she certainly wasn't going to get. At least...not on her own terms. "Your friends are being locked up as we speak. In the lowest level of our dungeons, fitting for the resistance scum that they are." She ignored his insulting remark, spitting back. "Well what good does that do me?" "Not alot. But..." He paused, prompting Rey's full consideration on his offer. A bargain if she willed. "I will propose you with a trade—" "A trade? With someone like you?" She spat back. "Why do I feel like someone involved in this is going to die?" "Not at all. Saying it simply, all I want from you is a pledge of loyalty. Give up your freedom for theirs—" "My freedom? Like hell!" She interrupted."If you'd let me finish, Rey." He sharply noted, tightening the grip he had on her wrists. "They will get to live. They will get to do anything you want them to do. They'll be home, safe, without the threat of a blast coming toward their planet—only as long as you board the Finalizer with me." The wave of relief washed upon her features, indiscernible, but still there by the judgement of Kylo Ren's perceiving eyes. He knew she was thinking it over again. Thinking of how the roads of her life would twist and entwine toward an ending like this. An ending with the First Order. "My my—you're more selfish than I thought you were." She was almost in shock, and possibly forgot that this man could read her mind. "I'm not selfish! I'm not—I just..." "You just what? You just want to live out your days without constraints? Without any chains to hold you down? Is that what you think?" "All I want is to live my life as I want." Her chest constricted, but steadied her voice all the more. "I'm so damn tired of being stuck somewhere I don't want to be!" "I completely understand what you're feeling. But you need to understand what I'm doing for you. You have more potential than you know, Rey, and you can explore it with us. You can explore it with the First Order. Join my knights. You're more capable than the men I already have under my belt." Her mind was rowing over the possibilities and chose to surrender, despite her conflicting feelings not to. "Don't you want to know what happened to your father? Your mother?" She was taken aback at what he'd exposed to her. She almost shuddered, but continued in feigned ignorance to that statement. "No one knows my parents. No one ever has and possibly never will." He could sense her melancholy through their bond, something he felt awfully familiar with. "What makes you any different?" "Because I was there when you were taken. Only to be abandoned." His eyes were dancing on her, driven and eager for her response. He heard her mentally roll over his words. Only to be abandoned His short laugh startled the acolyte, followed by a dangerous smirk. "Now you're interested? I should've called it out to you the moment our eyes interlocked on the battle field." "You're lying. I can tell you're lying to me, Kylo Ren." The string of uncertainty spilled from her mouth like nothing. There was a thirst of knowledge radiating through the depths of her mind as he tempted the young Padawan into a wayward behavior and with an imposing effect on her integrity. "Lying? You know I'd never lie to you. Why would I bring up such a thing?" "Oh, I don't know. Maybe you're just a tempered scumbag who murders anyone who disagrees with him." "Ouch—" He paused. He actually wasn't that bad anymore. His rage-fits were pretty violent, but with the title of Sith Lord came a well reserved man. "You're alive now, aren't you?" "Only because you want me as a prisoner." She retorted. If she could cross her arms in a fit she would. But here Kylo was, straining her down like some wild animal. "Not at all. All I want is your loyalty." There was no shame in her mind, it wasn't just simple inquisition—but an underlying anger for him and what he knew about her lineage. The radiance that once contoured the sharp features of Kylo's face was replaced with the sheer singular moonlight of D'Qar. What could Kylo Ren possibly know about her Father? What could this man, an allegiant of the Dark Side possibly know someone so otherworldly and out of his association? "I wouldn't say otherworldly." He interrupted. "I was closer to him than you think, Rey ." He said her name as if it shouldn't be, as if it should be another. As if it should be Katya . "Stop… reading my thoughts." Her fists clenched, "They're private." "I can't help it if you're projecting them like they were nothing but an announcement. You need to learn how to whisper. Even in your mind." "I can't help it. Now tell me about him." She seethed. "Then learn. So that someone like me can't read them." "I didn't come here to take lessons from you." "But…" he paused, as if it were aiding to some dramatic effect. "You could. You could learn everything there is to know about your past. Your capabilities wouldn't be in question either. Only if you come with me ." Scavenger. … "Sir, how long do we have to wait here?" CR-467 asked quite tiredly, as Hux could hear the exhaustion even through the mic of his helmet. "It's been four hours. Do you think Master Ren will return?" As much as he'd like for him to rot in the jungle with his precious scavenger, he replied with the prospect that he might return. "We'll give it a few more minutes, and then we'll escort them back to the Finalizer. Until then, wait for your commander to return." His legs were starting to feel sore and he certainly wasn't going to waste his physical energy on the likes of him . The supposed Sith Master had yet to prove any brilliance to the First Order. All he had was a privileged position and a fancy little sword to externalize his wild, childish tantrums. Why was he even down here in the first place? Oh, right. He needed to remain on the base with Kylo Ren, because the supreme leader ordered him to. He could be sitting back on the ship enjoying tea and scones with his assistant, rather than wasting time babysitting a pampered, spoiled brat. Come to think of it… all he'd been doing for the past year was being forced to company him in his obsessive little misadventures. He regretted it all. Even then, he regretted saving his life just before the Starkiller Base inevitably exploded. He believed if he could take back his senseless loyalty to Snoke, he would. Because if it wasn't for that—Kylo Ren's body would have been seared into a thousand particles, floating in the empty space of the galaxy. But that reality didn't exist. And now he has to doggedly follow this Sith Master around as if he was his superior. They were equals, as the Supreme leader reminded him once before, but it felt more like Ren's authority outweighed his. He glanced at the former Storm Trooper, huddled tightly against the other rebel members. That was the traitor. FN-2187 . He wasn't particularly attached to him, but Captain Phasma was. She would often voice her dismay that a trooper of her regiment was the one to betray the order—a trooper that was bred to be loyal from the moment they exited their mother's womb to their burial of tomb. But there he was, among the resistance. A traitor to the cause. "Sir?" The same trooper regarded him, with all due respect, out of his musing state. "Do we have permission to recall the prisoners back to the ship?" He nodded. "Quickly send for the small transport. We'll be waiting for him back on the ship." He took a quick glance at the pile of wreckage that used to be Kylo Ren's shuttle . So much trouble for one girl. And not at all worth the work. Would she really be able to side with the First Order? Or would it be all for naught? … "Don't you want to learn about your father? Your mother, Rey ?" He asked again. He felt the conflicting morals—the struggle to do what is right—it was in there. But what he saw was the curiosity roaring from its submergence, willing to take over what decency she harbored in her heart. "Aren't you curious? Don't you want to know why you were abandoned?" He knew she wanted to come. All she needed was a little push. "Have you forgotten that the lives of those resistance men depend on you? They could have their freedom should you choose the right side." His powerful voice startled the woman out of her stupor. And just like Takodana, the world had gone silent once again. Chapter 8 He signaled his communicator for a response back at the mother ship. "I've completed the mission." His voice shook the silence, his mouth just barely hovering over his wrist. "Meet me at coordinates…" He paused, realizing that he had no idea where he'd gone. He didn't have time to make it back to the original landing site. Snoke wouldn't be too pleased should he show up to his boardroom with a minute past his patience. He continued hastily. "Meet me in the largest open field east of the resistance base." He waited for a moment before there was a response from the other side. "Understood." A voice buzzed through the comlink, "Our men are heading over and we've already taken the resistance captive. Your orders?" "We'll discuss this matter later." He said sternly, "Send a message to the Supreme Leader that Kylo Ren has retrieved the Padawan. Quickly." "Sir." A trooper's voice affirmed and the communication shut off. His hand dropped to his side, and malicious golden eyes had made their way towards Rey. Sleeping so peacefully and her clouded mind lightly drifting in an unconscious trance. Sweat made its way through the fabric of his attire and the cloths began to stick to his neck and thighs. It was quite an obstruction when all he wanted to do was bring the both of them to a clearing, so that a ship may bring them back to the ship. The ache began to ring through his muscles, and especially where her weight had directly pressed against his organic bicep. The problem wasn't the weight, rather the wild plant life growing at every glance and step. He really hoped that this wouldn't turn into such an unfavorable situation, with her inanimate body lying there peacefully against the rock formation. He set her back against its flat surface and just let her sit there as if she was his student, waiting there patiently for further instruction. He glanced at her lovely features and blinked a few times, really noticing her more mature features. He placed a side faced finger against his lip and the tip of his thumb barely brushed his chin. His eyes swept across her undisturbed form, chest heaving and head slightly sliding down due to gravity, and returned from his crouched position. His snort was disdainful. Three years of training under Luke Skywalker and he'd still been able to seduce her into a comatose. This shows how helpful the Jedi way really was. Meditating and repose serves no purpose to true battle, to the real experience and the solid onslaught of one's willpower upon another. He glanced up into the deep abyss of darkness that is the sky. If there hadn't been the tree heads it would be the sky of D'Qar, just as obscure to his vision as the foliage would be. The night seemed like it would never trade its place with daylight again. The air still smelled of combustion, which wrought heavy breathing and stinging sensations in the pit of his nose. What could've caused that explosion? More importantly… who? Enough resting, he thought. He must return to the Supreme Leader as quickly as time allowed. He glanced back down at the sleeping heap and laid her in his arms as he had once before. He paid no mind to the thoughts and criticism of others that would await, as he would bring such an enemy into his arms so intimately. Ben… His head shot up in surprise, and almost dropping Rey in such reaction. He hadn't heard that voice in a long time. He hadn't heard that name since… Ben… He glanced around, the thoughts pouring into his head by an unwelcome intruder. Ben! His curious eyes darted around the foliage, in an attempt to locate the disembodied voice. There were several pairs of footsteps and a rustle of branches coming to the right of him. Immediately he set Rey down and prepared to unleash his mighty light saber. And there she was, surrounded by three other presumably resistance guard men. General Organa was out of breath and so were her rebels. She hadn't been as cautious as they were, however. While all she had was the skin of her fists, the resistance men held blasters up at the Master of Ren. She had come to negotiate. Just like… His face had gone bleak and the corners of his full lips curved down unpleasantly. Oh, how had he avoided for this dreadful day to ever come. His prosthetic fist clenched, and had it been fleshly it definitely would've drew blood. "What. Are you doing here?" He spitefully declared, not bothering to look her in the eye. "I'm not a fool...Ben" His dark brows furrowed, his eyesight laying along the roots of the vast trees towering over them. "I'm not a fool to think that you've gone this far down the path of evil. I know who you really are." "Do you really ? Do you know who I am now? What I've become?" His eyes now laid upon his mothers, the pain and anger trying with all their might to burst out into action. "My title is Sith Lord . Not the General's son." "Ben…" "My name is not Ben. I've renounced that name as soon as you renounced me." He retorted, his words dripping with antipathy and resentment. "You both did. The Supreme Leader has both my respect and admiration—more then you or Han Solo ever have and had." "Ben…" She said again, as if to regain his trust. He hated hearing that weak name. He took a step closer, glaring down at his now quietly aged mother. The resistance men shifted nervously, cocking their blasters against him even more securely. The General lifted her arm up defensively, inadvertently telling them that it would be safe. As long as she was there. But this was Kylo Ren—the man who'd soullessly murdered his own father. What made her think that she would be the exception? "I thought you would understand… my dear child. The reason I sent you away was—" His eyes had they been normal Ben's would've matched hers directly—a richly brown that glowed immensely in direct sunlight. Strong. Powerful. "The reason no longer matters. And neither do you." "I suppose such thoughts don't matter anymore, but you can always come home to me. To us. I realized what you've been doing all along. My sweet child, you don't have to hide it anymore." Her hands reached up, as if to cup his beautiful face within them. "You speak as if you think I hold you to some meaning in my heart—" His lips were a deep-set thin line now as he stared directly down at his mother. He paused in silence, waiting for her to speak. Just as he had, with his now deceased disgrace of a father. "You've been avoiding Han and I." Her soft fragile voice spoke, nostalgic to his once childish ears. "You knew that if Han or I had been on the same planet as you… he would have ordered us both dead." "You've never been more wrong than you are now." He exhaled roughly through his nose and stepped back quickly, out of his mother's reach. "But I'm not, my sweet Ben. All these years, you've been hopping planets, systems, galaxies—all so that you could avoid any interaction with us." "And? Han Solo is now dead. By my hand." He reached for the hilt of his light saber attached to his belt as if it were enough of a warning for her to back away. He certainly didn't want to strike his mother down. Not now. Not when— His had to rip his thoughts away from something so pathetic and regained his composure. "What makes you so sure that you aren't going to be next?" "Because you're not on that dreaded ship anymore. Snoke isn't watching you, and you're free to do whatever you want. And what you want is to—" "Enough!" Within a mere second his growling light saber was inches from her delicate throat. His left hand unclasped and directed its attention to the three rebel men ready to fire within a moment's notice. Rather than causing a bloody ruckus, he simply sent them into a deep sleep and continued his conversation with the enemy. Her soft, charismatic eyes shined in the burning red light. It was almost as if she understood what he felt— No. She never will. And neither had Han Solo. Then, something had dawned on him. "Were you the one who destroyed my command shuttle?" She was silent. "Was that all what this was for? To meet me again ? How cruel of you mother . You used Rey as bait to draw me out. You hadn't cared at all about what would happen to this girl. Have you?" "If you would come home to us...then we would all be able to go home unscathed." She sounded apologetic and her hand reached for the sleeve of his dark attire so that she could comfort him. Irate, he swatted her hand away and stepped back, shutting his light saber down into a docile state. He still had trouble controlling his temper, but if anything, it was considerably better now. Three years ago he probably would've had her head on the ground by now. "You haven't changed. Not willing to consider your actions and the consequences done upon others. You're still the same person you've always been." "Ben, my sweet, I—" "You do realize that your men have been captured. Don't you? They're currently sanctioned within a prison cell on the Star Destroyer. Your Men are captured, General . Do you realize that?" "That was a sacrifice I was willing to make. And so have they." "Does that mean that this... all of this was planned out regardless? To get me to join the light side ?" Even in this gloomy lighting, he could tell the tears were welling up in her large doe eyes. "Ben... All I want is—" She was having such a hard time reacting to her vengeful son but before she could form a full sentence, her attention was sent elsewhere. Towards Rey. She'd started to wake up now. The induced psychosis wasn't as strong as before now that she had been trained more intricately with the force. He quickly scooped her up and went off into the dark shadows of the surrounding forest, glancing back towards his mother. She was watching in silence, as there was nothing she could do against a sensitive as powerful as he was. Chapter 9 "Well? Your report?" Snoke's hologram glowed in its enlarged state before the kneeling officer, flickering in the ominously dim room. The supreme leader was certainly a disfigured one but held immense and ruthless power to balance it all together. "He took much longer than necessary, but he's managed to retrieve the woman." "It matters not how long, but whether or not his mission was completed successfully. Where is she now?" His raspy voice rang through the air and reached General Hux's ears in a rather unpleasant tone, but one he'd gotten used to despite that. Even in this light, Hux's bright flaming hair seemed dark grey and his complexion rather dull. "She's being held in secluded accommodations apart from the other knights of Ren. I believe she agreed to the terms Kylo Ren has set for her." "Good." His head raised in approval and his form leaned over to an arm of his incorporeal throne. "Since she has joined the First Order on her own free will, then the Resistance has nothing else to believe but the fact that she has betrayed them." "That does secure her allegiance with us. But Supreme Leader—" He returned his feet, but with the most amount of respect he could muster and continued, "What of the Resistance men we captured?" "What of them? Does the group you have captured include one of our own? A traitor?" "I believe so, Master." "Then kill them all. There's no reason to leave them alive. You're dismissed." The General nodded and turned to the double doors, signaling his departure. … As well as her memory could serve, Rey recalled being abducted into enemy territory for a rather unpleasant interrogation. She'd been exposed to straps of the most uncomfortable sorts, a brooding abductee, and a dreary dark room being her only friend for the duration of her imprisonment. But now there would be no battle to look forward to—only her own silent captivity. Her half-slit eyes made a lazy journey around the room, stretching and arching to a satisfying crack of bones in her spine. As she glanced around, an intimidating braced door caught her attention. It was plastered in the wall across her bed, lodged tightly enough as the though the only way through would be from the outside. Her reflection in its satin-shined surface was distorted, yet clear enough to generate a sensation of relief—that she was still the same old Rey. The last thing she could remember was the vague sight of Kylo Ren and his mask looming over hers, a dark silhouette against a background of bright luminescence. His firm shoulders shifting back and forth as he paced along and the distinctly metal hand of his clawing tightly in her outer leg. This was all nothing more than a snippet to her—a drifting blur of waxing and waning vision. The soreness was there. It wasn't just a memory, Rey thought. It was a twinge of pain to instead contest the growing figment of her imagination. A demonstration of reality. An event so authentic that it left its mark on her body—a reminder to Rey that she was living a truth . She remembered the irritating brightness as it cascaded down from a row of rafter lights, a building or vehicle that seemed too large to have such a high ceiling. It existed nonetheless. Despite the sudden epiphany, Rey couldn't have combatted Ren while he held her so tightly in his arms. And then she recalled how often her mind grappled with his while being in a daze, Kylo Ren subtly steering her back into a coma. Where was she? Rey mulled her thoughts over, realizing how stupid of a question that was. It was obvious that she'd been lugged aboard the Finalizer and that her chances of seeing Luke, Finn, Leia, Poe… they were all quite slim. Her eyes fluttered about and each movement of hers, as imperceptible as they may be, wrenched Ren's focus down to her as he carried her through the labyrinth of his home. He glanced down every once in a while, and his eyes were, without a doubt, glued to her if she happened to twitch her arm or churn her neck even in the slightest. Air licked at her exposed hands and she felt her cloak billowing behind Kylo Ren as he briskly carried her through. She heard the scattered voices of various men, women, beast, animal, and technology. Anything she could comprehend. And whatever it was, it'd been stimulating her already overloaded senses. The sweet, sweet state of the subconscious was calling to her. Yet she could feel Ren at the back of her mind. Constantly probing hers in such an incessant curiosity that she could not drift fully asleep even if she wanted to. Honestly she had no right to be asleep right now…but she'd been so damn tired. It was a strange feeling…really. Rey decided to let him roam free if that meant he'd let her sleep peacefully. A screeching of metal echoed through the room followed a series of beeps, pulling the pondering woman back to the attention of reality. She'd sunken so deep into the occlusion of her thoughts that she didn't come to detect the churning of the door handle, alluding to the entrance of an extremely tall shadow of a man. Startled, Rey edged herself back to the bed and all the while keeping her vision on the menacing form that this man so easily portrayed. Her mind spun with rapid and inconclusive thoughts, not being able to function so much as a conversation this early in the morning. How long had she been asleep? "Have you already taken a liking to your new home?" His voice is rather cold as he proudly glares down at her. Well, he probably was. No one could assume anything about this man with such an impassive mask to obstruct his true moods. "New home?" Rey quips with a defiant voice. "All I see is a new prison." "You don't have to think about it that way." He admires Rey from a distance, then pacing onwards even when she didn't want him to. She wanted him as far from her as this ship would allow. Outside maybe—in space. Yeah. That'd be a good spot for him. He pauses and directs his helmet down at Rey, warning the woman that he had indeed read her mind. His form stood erected at the foot of her bed so rigidly—as if he were speaking to someone even more important than he. This made Rey want to inch back as far as she could, but that would mean going past the wall that met with the backboard of her bed. "Well what do you suggest I think?" She continues haphazardly. "Now that you've kidnapped me?" "Consider this your new home for the time being." He sternly asserts as if she should have considered this long ago. His height was profound enough to have blocked out the entirety of the door from Rey's perspective. "I'll probably have to." Her mouth runs faster than her mind could keep up. Her words are sarcastic, highly pitched, yet swelling with an uneven respite. "I mean it's not like I've been planning to live anywhere else—nope not me." There's no telling what he could do to her had she sputtered out the wrong combination of words. Oh well. There's no going back now. Under that helmet of his—his lips were thinning to a straight line. Obviously his patience was wearing thin. "It's not like I have any other friends to keep my company. I mean…" Fingers feel for some object—anything really. Be it a pillow or even a lamppost. It was all just an object to throw at his face. Ren had read her mind in time and used the Force to catch the stray article chucked violently at his face, the lamp levitating midair with a quick flick of the mind. "How dare you Kylo Ren." Rey spat, a snarl on her lips. "You want me to have a home here ? What you all have here is a nest of murderers, serial killers, rapists. You're no different. How dare you ask of me such a thing. You're not fit to be a teacher. Not mine, not anyone else's. Not now—and not ever." He was silent. A lot of what she said was true and a lot had not been. It was anger speaking in logic's stead. An underlying resentment that'd been culminating for a good expanse of her years. Its core was of negligence, subjection, and an inability of becoming something more. Something greater. Despite her string of relentless insults and his incessant need to let his rage consume his thoughts—he persisted onward. Each hand—metallic and human—under-clasped the sides of his helmet and drove upward. Raven wisps of hair proudly waved around his face and elegantly around the protrusion of his cheekbones, despite having a helmet on his head just a few seconds ago. "And I'm asking you to reconsider your decision." She found herself staring at the man—entranced and repulsed simultaneously. It was quite difficult to pursue with the speech she made her way to generate for him. He should be honored. The lamp falls in a loud clang, letting it roll aside due to the uneven repelling forces applied to it. "Or have you already forgotten?" He questions, his vibrant eyes as condescending as they may be, were sincere in their lingering stare. He could sense her heart falter and those careless thoughts of hers mingle into his mind, overwhelming and unguarded vibrations they were. "Have you already forgotten about your friends ?" "I…" She'd been stunned into silence. "That's exactly what I thought. Scavenger ." He interrupts, placing heavy emphasis on her bestowed title. Maybe he'd only said it when she was foolish. Or even naïve? "If you leave now, it's highly probable that your friends will die without the exchange that I've asked for. Would you prefer if General Hux commands it? Or I?" "No…no you can't just—" "Yes. I can actually." His eyes danced her features, stammering and curious for a response. "A simple word of mouth is all it takes." "Now look here, Sith ." She spites him back with a strewn title. "I'm nothing like you. I will never be like you and I will never… " Her glare was that of deep hatred, of deep flowing and bottomless hatred glinting in the darkest pits of her eyes. "…become what you are." You're a monster. A monster in wolves clothing . He wonders at her analogy. "I may be exactly as you describe, but what are you? Are you the lamb?" He asks her rather philosophically. "Are you the lamb in wolves clothing?" He served as a reminder to what she really thought, like a bell that would slightly sound the moment she veered too close to her such highly regarded self-righteous beliefs. Besides that, she seemed easily molded and influenced regardless of her training as young Jedi. Actually, it was because she'd been floating in such a vulnerable state that he— Just like he'd been, as a young boy. Kylo Ren wasn't one for training little girls… but when their encounter first came to a close…by the Gods could he see the potential in that woman and in her latent control of the force. Be it dark or light. It was there. She's just a scavenger , he thought. He brought it to himself constantly. To remind himself that she was nothing . She's just a weak little girl who had no business tampering with the force. Yet when she snatched his grandfather's light saber—the one that was rightfully his—out of his grip, it solidified the fact that something was different. Was it earlier? Was it earlier that he noticed such a potentiality in someone so unexpectedly? Maybe it was when he first laid eyes on 'the girl' that he knew she could be something entirely different. Could she really be much more than a frail, temper-laden girl that he'd been seeing in that forest? Was she the same as he? And when he read into her mind for the first time, he couldn't help but feel like he'd been looking at a moon. Bright only when a sun's light kissed it, but when all else failed…when left alone in the dark. It was… Lonely. Isolated. "Are you the lamb who performs a façade of innocence when they are really not?" He resumes rather harshly towards the woman. "Tell me. Why is it that you wish to leave the presence of your former Master so badly? You wanted to learn more, didn't you?" Her mouth agape. He was an infuriating man who spouted nonsensical falsehoods. A man who lied to confuse the enemy into getting what he wanted. "Why would I lie to you?" His nature was too shrewd and activating of her emotions. He had her on her toes and with a need to strike something. Something hard. "Why are you so defensive of the light when I know, by your own thoughts, that you felt held back?" "That's not—" "Tell me Rey…" Ren paused, his looming face a little too close for comfort. "Am I not doing you a favor?" Her eyes could not meet with his anymore. Not after that speech of his. Honestly, this mind reading of his was getting a little too out of hand. Could he really sense such intricate thoughts from so afar? She was on Ach-to, and he, probably swimming in hyperspace in some far off planet system nowhere near enough to pin-point their exact distance from one another. But it was there—daily. Hourly even. Even during her discussions and meditations with Luke, she could feel his impression in aftershock. His presence had not been with hers directly, but more of a secondary effect really. It was like she'd been sun burned, and even though she hadn't been in the sun anymore, heat lingered and radiated in waves as if she'd still been basking in its warmth. "I'll stay." She found to grueling to have made eye contact with this man. Or was he a man? No. He was a monster. "You don't need to lecture me about what I want to do with my life. My choices are mine alone to make and I don't need you here to constantly breathe down my neck." Her instinct was to snatch her lightsaber and place it dangerously close to his irritating face. Nothing but an empty swipe of air as her hand brushed past her belt. "I don't need advice from a monster like you." He was amused and a felt bit knocked from his feet at such a remark. "There you go again—using that word. Does it mean what you think it means?" "I've had my fair share of experiences, not enough to peruse the entire galaxy with a list of terrible people on my list. But I know enough to tell anyone that you're the exact definition of a monster." Her snarl turned into a rather satisfied smirk, content she could insult the monster and knowing he wouldn't have done anything about it. Her hazel eyes glinted in the sheer white lights of the room, and in a way, it signaled her deadly intentions for the shadow standing before her. "A monster who holds no shame in being the cause of death of others." The daring woman leaped over the side of her bed and dove toward the lone lamp in a far corner, without considerable thought of what he'd do to her as she left the bed. Her hands desperately smashed one side of it against a wall so that it would resembled more of a blunt baton—a crude weapon it was. His snort was caught in his nose, turning into a short chuckle as he leaned closer. She'd been so small, but pretending to be bigger than what she really was—that was something else. It was clear that she would lose this battle, regardless if she'd had a makeshift shift or a highly durably lightsaber as her dueling partner. "Rey, I'd suggest you quit it with the instigating before something quite regrettable does happen." "Like what?" Rey poised herself. "You took my lightsaber away. And when you're on the ground in a pile of your own blood, I'll be heading back to Ach-to well aware that I've taken you down for a second time. Well satisfied with myself too." He inched closer, and his hand, ever so slightly, geared toward his dormant saber hanging at his side. "That's quite an audacious threat you just gave. Are you not listening to what you're saying?" Her eyes widen as if to prove a point, her stance remaining defensive and ready to strike whenever he made his advancement. "I know you're not going to do anything to me. You haven't in the past and I know you never will." He had this hidden urge to silence her. Honestly, it wasn't that hidden. It was more of a scream to satisfy this urge—this urge to end her life. His prosthetic hand battled with the temptation and hovered over the hilt of his cross guard, the metallic phalanges grinding against each other in a suppression of rage. "Do it." She dared. "Then you'll never have a student. You'll never have a legacy. Your fate will align with the man you've despised so well—Luke Skywalker." Rey had a feeling that if she hit him with her weapon, she'd feel the burning force of his own lightsaber ten-fold. The woman backed away warily into the door. Maybe breaking the lamp wasn't such a good idea anymore. Suddenly, with a speed she couldn't have kept up with, his hands slammed at the sides of her body against the braced door and a metallic ring reverberating through her ears and around the room. The blunt weapon rolled along the floor once again, past Ren's feet and toward the bed. She winced at the cringing sound and closed her eyes. She'd teased the lion for far too long. Now the mouse was to be eaten. "Don't flatter yourself." Vexation was on his lips, and a sparking anger in his eyes. "I'm capable of killing you even with a will of my mind. I could even end you without my sword." She was silent, daring not to look at him again. The terror emanating from this man—it was substantial enough to have felt it in both their bond to one another and his actions toward her. "But I won't." He pauses again, his breath a stirring warm descent on her cheeks. Warm fingers, of which she presumed to be of the human hand, tightly clasped her jaw in a fixed direction toward his face. She made a small whimper at the sudden pain and decided to suck it up. She wasn't weak. "You're going to serve the First Order and you're going to serve it well. But it is up to you whether your friends are set free or if they perish within these walls." She snapped her head away to let loose his painful grasp. Her eye contact with his remained virtually nonexistent. "What an unfortunate situation it would be—as you glare down upon your friends in the execution line, with hands cuffed behind their backs and blasters pointed at their chests. Imagine them as their lives flashing before their eyes. Imagine what they'd say if they'd known you were responsible." Rey felt his eyes burning into her face. She dares only one peek and instantly bounces her eyes away—giving him not the satisfaction of acknowledgment. "Don't…" "Don't what?" He inquires, slightly amused, insistent on her impeding answer. "Don't kill them." She whispers in a half-angry and a half-pleading voice. "Please." She breathed softly, he noticed even the slightest detail about it. Through their force bond, he felt her slightly shift in moods. It was almost as if she could read into his mind. It was as if she could feel his desperate intentions to keep her on board, to threaten, to promise, to goad with unsettling words all in such promises of having a new life. "Please..." He glared down at her with uncertainty. Almost. Then decided for once, to show mercy. Chapter 10 "Kylo Ren." His severely drawn out voice vibrated in the air, despite being a holographic projection. Kylo stood there in silence waiting for Snoke to acknowledge his accomplishment over such a crucial mission. The singular light shining directly onto his pedestal was spotlight, one that gave a blue sheen to the contours of his clothing and artificially plated features. He realized he hadn't been the brightest needle in the haystack when he left his helmet back at Rey's quarters. He then resorted to using a backup helmet that he stored in one particularly distant room, to which he had never used until now. "You've managed to convince the young scavenger to join us?" Even though it was a serious question, Snoke had already gotten his details from General Hux. He'd only wanted the words to come directly out of his mouth. Kylo's hands were neatly entwined behind his back and they remained in position as he nodded in approval. His dark voice buzzed through the metallic helmet with great respect to the figure before him. "Yes, master." "Excellent. See to it that she has no conceivable motivation to return to the light, that is your only duty. I will take care of the rest." Kylo Ren looked up at him in almost surprise, "I—" Even if it were the slightest notion of disbelief, the Supreme Leader was one to catch on to it. He cackled quietly and continued on interrupting his pupil. "You wanted to do more?" "Master, I do believe that I am the one responsible to personally train her. She is to become a Knight of Ren." "You—the Master of Ren—wish to rule above six now?" He scoffed at his pupil's quite grandiose ideas, but certainly a notable characteristic he had. "You have responsibilities much greater than that, to which I entrust to you and only you." Kylo Ren certainly had gifts, prestige and power enough to supersede him. He noticed potential like it was his second nature. And through Kylo Ren's charismatic words had he grown an interest in the lonely scavenger, just as he had. Just as he had been lonely, in the arms of that gruesome family of his. For now, he was only meant plant the seed of force sensitives into the ground of the First Order. Kylo Ren was the farmer who watered the crops, and only the Supreme Leader can truly be the sun, the true grower of the seed's actuality and the sun that showed the seed true promise of a better future. Even though he held such an illustrious position, he was not quite there. It was that tiny little dot of hesitation that he wished to test in this undisclosed trial of his. "You—a highly esteemed force user—a Sith Lord, wish to play with such troublesome lightsabers rather than seduce her into the right frame of mind? I have taught you more than that my child." My sweet child . He couldn't stop thinking about her . And it always sounded aggravatingly strange coming from his mouth. He said it as if he himself had given birth to an embodiment of darkness such as Kylo Ren. He cleared his throat as if such thoughts were a terrible nuisance. "What if she isn't willing to listen?" "What good will it do to you if you beat her down? Train her how to fight before her belief in the dark side sprouts into something more? Something genuine?" He was still eager. He was still a child. He was still naïve. "She will inevitably decide to strike back like a caged animal. Treat her like one of our own, let her blossom—then proceed to use your sticks and toys." The metallic mask he harbored along his colorful face did well to conceal his emotions, otherwise no one would take him seriously. He glanced down almost in embarrassment, wondering if there were any, any possible mistakes left to be made. In all honesty, most of the blunders occurred before the Supreme Leader and he would be there to reprimand him for them. But he couldn't mess up anymore. Not with the title he held in his hands. "You are one who has truly reached enlightenment with the dark side. And with such capabilities, I hope to see your influence take root in the girl, as I have in you. Now, Kylo Ren I don't want to be kept in the dark regarding her progression. I want to know how close she is to being ripped away from the light. Remember how I have reached you. Remember what I have down to gain your loyalty and sympathy for the dark side. Remember , Kylo Ren." "Yes. Master." He bowed conclusively, before dismissing himself to a less gloomy section of the mother ship. … "Katya, my dearest! Where have you gone?" Said a worried mother in her tattered robes and worn complexion. Her adventurous child loved to prance about, all alone with no adult supervision. Some day she might really lose her, so it was up to the mother to constantly pester on about safety. From the vast distance between the mother and child, she could tell from her eagle like, motherly vision that her child was playing in the sand dunes. There was another one sitting there, small enough to be an adolescent. Unfortunately, from glaring light of Tatooine's suns, it made the them both appear as black shapes sitting in the cooling desert heat. She used one of her forearms as a protective visor from the double setting orbs, the squinting not doing enough justice to the glinting against her vision. The outline of the horizon appearing to be the ground of a river of heat, appearing as translucent and dense undulating waves gliding across a distinct pathway. "Katya, who is that!?" The mother shouted in vain over the distant skies. "Katya!" She shouted again. No response. She must've found another friend to finally get along with. Well, at least her daughter's energetic capering would be enough to tire the other out. They'd be back soon enough. She shouted for her to be back soon and went back into her neatly situated home before looking the two small outlines over for a few more seconds. … Rey was lying there with her mind in shambles, comparably to a cloud that had donned on a murky blue kind of color. There that cloud was floating in a clearly divided sky, being enveloped by violent and more malevolent storm bringers. It was adrift in the middle—not sure whether to return to calm and peaceful brightness that it once came from and to the alluring, electrically buzzing side that flashed brightly with severity and beauty. She laid her wrist on her forehead and closed her eyes, the image of an absolutely tedious ceiling being last in her vision. A migraine snuck its way into her temple, whether it be because of stress or that damned Kylo Ren slipping into her thoughts. It didn't matter however; she wasn't planning on thinking about anything right now. But she couldn't help but think. She couldn't be calm. She cherished the lives of her new family more than anything. All she wanted was a past. Just a curious tendency it was, to learn about the man that abandoned her so many years ago. Was it wrong to have a deep longing for knowledge? About the man she never came to know? While laying on her side now, her wandering eyesight caught the iconic outlines of Kylo Ren's helmet, sitting so peacefully on her nightstand. The polished metal striations curving so crudely along the breadth of the temple, and the aesthetic eyes as dark as the wielder's soul. How ironic that the image of it on its own would be soothing, despite its wearer seeing thousands of deaths. If not, more. There was an implacable, pulling at her skin urge to touch the helmet. Why had such an inanimate object attract her so? It was as if something dark had pulled at her finger tips and urged her on to just graze along the crest of the prosthetic skull, even. Before she was convinced to do anything else, she heard several voices chatting silently about past her locked door. They were probably troopers, gossiping loudly about things they shouldn't, and a "guest" like Rey shouldn't be able to hear. She held her ear to the bitterly cold metal of a door and hoped to catch onto something. Curiosity always got the better of her in the end. It was a shame that they were fast-walking ongoers, and already made it past her quarters to speak of anything audible in an earshot. The only thing that she could make out was "prisoners" and that was it. No context or clues to go off of, and certainly no means relative to her ancestry. What made her so obsessive about such a thing? She had never been so passionate before. Chapter 11 … "What happened to her?" Luke said through an interlink comm, his aged voice buzzing in Leia's ears. There was a pause before his sister responded, her voice croaking as if she'd been crying for the past few hours. "She's gone… Luke. Rey and Ben are both gone." "I see…" He wasn't the type of person to express his emotions so thoroughly, but at that point he sounded desperate and disappointed altogether. Almost expectant for such a thing to happen, but truly hated himself for letting his student go. The past was destined to repeat. But it was strange. He didn't kill her as he had with the others. Maybe there's still a chance? "Yes, there is still a chance." Leia responded to his force connection. "I'm glad you haven't given up yet, Luke. It gives me all the more hope." "Do you think so?" Her hand travelled to her chest, her fingers clenching inwards ever so slightly. "I do…with all my heart. He's been misguided all his life and now he's pulled Rey along with." She heard his melancholic sigh in response, and he continued slowly. "I shouldn't have sent her there." "No—don't be Luke. Please don't be. She saved us all from the possibility of death." "I see… maybe I finally haven't made a mistake for once. Did she follow him down that path as well?" "No. I think…" She paused herself, waiting for the right words to fall on the tip of her tongue. "I think Rey will be the one to bring him back home… maybe he can atone for what he's done by ridding himself of Snoke. He—" "Leia." Luke interrupted, "As much as I'd like for him to return, there's no telling what the resistance is going to do to him. Even though he killed most of my students, I've already forgiven him for what he's really worth. But not everyone else can see that, especially with the death of H—" "I know… I know. But can we at least try? When I looked into his eyes, he reminded me so much of Han that I…" Even though he wasn't there, he could tell when his sister was about to cry. He continued for her. "I understand, Leia. But consider the consequences once we do manage to convince Ben to come back. What will happen to your relationship once he's sentenced to death for child slaughter? Mass genocide? The murder of the esteemed Han Solo?" His words were harsh, but none the less the truth. It was reality. "That was all after Snoke had gotten possession of him. Won't that be evidence enough if he ever stands trial?" "I don't think it works that way. But that's all he's got going for him." "Luke..." "Believe me Leia, I want him to come back too. But there's nothing that we can do. Time and patience are our only allies." She felt her heart stammer loudly and surely enough Luke could hear it too, despite the overwhelming distance. "What about Rey? What'll you do if Rey turns to the dark side as well?" "What can I do? If she agreed to defect from the resistance and trade her life to save her friends—I think her willpower will be more than enough to keep her allegiance along with the light. She has faith, my dear Leia, and so should you. Just as you've always had." … The back of her head lay flat, the pleats in her braid soundly pressing against her and the pillow as she glared up at the ceiling. Her eyes pranced about but her body remained painfully still, and her mind rolling over the entirety of her situation. Kylo Ren was certainly one to arouse hate within others. The only one he rushed to please was his so dearly cherished Supreme Leader while everyone else was trash in his eyes. What made him want to be a master? To have students? To train someone to the utmost capabilities while he hadn't been so perfect himself? If she remembered clearly, her true Master had once mentioned what the notorious Ben Solo had done to his Jedi academy years ago. What made this newly refurbished Kylo Ren so capable to train a young Padawan himself? He would only be the flame to the canister of oil that she was. He kept insisting that she had potential ready to explode, to be lit be him rather than be contained by Skywalker. But something made her think that she'd actually go up in flames on this side of the battlefield. Her feelings quickly intensified with fear as she realized that maybe if she were to do something uncharacteristically light or something not according to his liking then maybe he'd kill her too? She paced back in forth, movement was a distraction to the turmoil in her racing mind. Her thoughts and heartbeat had both grown heavy with each step and in the heat of her moments, she quickly stood up to swipe her arm along the counter beside her bed. The essentials decorating her night stand crashed to floor and it was only the sound reminding the woman of what she'd just done. … Sometime after the first week, Ren decided to visit her again. He would be patient with his future student, but it was at this time that he needed to fulfill her wishes. He knocked, and after several attempts he decided to barge in himself. His fingers carefully ingrained the security code and stepped inside, expecting her to be awake but to completely ignore his existence. Yet there she was, awkwardly sprawled over her bedsheets, sound asleep in her drool. She'd left most of her lightly tinted fabrics on, but the cloak had been left draped along the end of her mattress. As he had done before, he watched her peacefully lay there with the rise and lower of her chest. He'd done it so much he'd grown accustomed to her every detail. If she'd been awake at that moment, she would clearly take note of his hypnotized stare. Kylo Ren was certainly one to express his emotions but such interests to befall one of a great Sith Lord were rare. He felt his heart become light in his chest as his eyes followed her body. What was this feeling? Her skin was eternally kissed by the sun of Jakku, not faltering even in the slightest in pigment. He felt it quite challenging not to touch such an artwork and finally removed the glove on his fleshly hand. He brushed it along her shoulder almost hesitantly. It was an evident contrast in the color of his paler skin, the soft sensation finally taking initiative with him. His fingers gently cruised along the contours of her clavicle, her jawline, and then lightly grazing along her bottom lip. So beautiful. He exhaled as if he'd been holding his breath for three days. This was the first he actually touched the woman—not as a means of transportation. He wanted to touch her. A hidden force was pulling at his skin, guiding his fingertips onto hers. The tip of his index pressed a little harder than need be, which caused the sleeping women to stir in her still form. He quickly recalled his hand the moment he felt her returning to consciousness. Was it bad that he wanted to see her sleep? To watch her sleep peacefully while her eyes were sealed from the reality that she'd been shelled away from? He could sense her mind reemerging from the deepest depths of her dreams and her thoughts becoming more aware of the true existence that she had belonged to. Her jumbled thoughts were slowly honing in on him. He found it strange. Was she thinking about him before she dozed off to sleep? "Get up." He demanded without regard to her sensitivity to the sounds in her immediate zone. She only groaned to the sound of his piercing voice, while there was a slight shift and scrunch of sheets to fall beside the bed. "Get up." He ordered again, now loudly. "Now." "What are you doing?" She shrieked the moment her eyes laid on him, reaching over the edge of the bed to grab sheets to cover herself with. She was furious, her hands roughly clawing into the fabric and holding it against her so tightly that her bodily contours were seen in its sheer wafer-thin cloth. She barked back at the tall figure looming over her form. "Why are you even—" Her upper arm was harshly pulled, followed by the rest of her clumsy body to the edge of the bed. He yanked her up and made the woman follow suit in stumbling footsteps. Chapter 12 Chapter 12 … "What are you planning to do to us?" "That's none of your business, resistance scum." Said a trooper through the wall, one and the same as the other standing beside him. "A traitor like you has no say aboard the Finalizer. You belong to the Order now." Finn wanted to bargain his way out of this, but any ideas of a favorable outcome were nearly impossible. He laid his hands against the cool metallic surface as the ridges of the panels welded together rested against his palm. The last time he'd been inside this ship was when Han Solo… had died. And when he'd seen Kylo Ren's face for the first time. He was possibly the first trooper among the lower ranks to have ever caught a glimpse upon such a prevalent and entirely enigmatic figure. But he was just some normal looking guy. No heavy burns, no crazy tattoos or even an aged old man he expected the Master of Ren to be. Even he could have been assumed as a regular, a worker or trooper without his helmet, passing by in the commons area only to grab some lunch for a long shift. He sighed as a horrible feeling sunk in his heart. He clenched his fist and slammed against the metallic door, a powerful echo reverberating throughout the tin box of cell. "You'd best quit it with all the noise." Demanded the voice from the other side, threatening the prisoner with heavy pound against the door. "Or you'll find yourself in a cell much tighter than the one you're in right now." He rested his forehead against the sheer, cold and biting surface and closed his eyes to the silence of the prison block. "You're lucky to be alive, 2187." The other trooper's voice reminded him quietly. "You'd be rotting in the soil of D'Qar had it been me in charge of the mission." Heavy footsteps approached, belonging to someone much taller than a typical guard stationed here, while accompanied by a pair of lighter ones a short few seconds after. "Lord Ren—" One of the troopers exclaimed in surprise, acknowledging the man with the utmost respect. "We didn't expect you to be down here in the penitentiary sect." It was him again. Finns nails dug into the soft cushion of his palm to prevent himself from going off on him from past the wall. He himself was lost in wonder why Kylo Ren hadn't come back to finish the wound he'd slashed inside his body. But the reason why—he was going to find out soon enough. "We have come on negotiating terms with the prisoners." His mechanical voice sounded through his helmet, now loud as he must have reached the door to his cell. "Release this man." "With all due respect, Lord Ren, we are under direct orders under General Hux not to let any man out of their prison cell." He sounded surprised and frightened out of his mind to disobey such a powerful force user. And he damned well wanted to know why he wanted to let the enemy go free with all his liberties. What the hell was going on? "And now you're under direct orders from me to let this prisoner go. You should already know that our reason for having such hostages is already on this ship, so there is no need for him to remain." "But sir—" He had suddenly gone silent. Finn had a good feeling that the man was currently being force choked. "Now. Open the door." Kylo Ren demanded sharply as he let the guard fall to the ground with a heavy thud, followed by hysterical coughing and heavy-set wheezing. This was very strange to Finn. Usually this monstrosity of a man never left prisoners to the ships taking—not even the innocent women and children back on Jakku. Why would he want him alive and free? "Are you sure he's in there?" Questioned a feminine voice out of nowhere, quite insistent upon seeing what'd been thriving on the other side. That was definitely Rey. She did it. His breath was held in for many passing moments and now spewed out of his lungs with much relief, as the stone sitting in his stomach had finally lifted. Her promise had come through and now they were both going to be safe. "I will free them as our agreement entailed as such. I expect that you fulfill your end of the bargain as well, young scavenger." "You need to promise me that he's going to leave this ship alive." "You have my word." And with that, the security code was in place so that the entrance could slide right open. Finn was standing there in shock at the sight of both Rey and Kylo Ren standing next to each other unperturbedly. The trooper that he assumed to be the one who took the brunt of Kylo Ren's anger was slouched over against a far wall, gripping his neck ever so lightly. The other guard watched in silence, with a blaster in hand and a witness to the strange situation unfolding before his very eyes. "Finn!" Came Rey, crying with joy as she wrapped her arms around his sorry form. He was frail and weak from being imprisoned somewhere so terribly small that he had a hard time adjusting to the expanse. He took a good look at her face, as healthy as can be, before glancing past her shoulder and off to the menacing form that was Kylo Ren. His eyebrows furrowed, an uncontrollable hate veering off his features and towards the man that took Han Solo's life, and nearly his as well. Finn didn't need to see his face to know that Kylo desperately wanted to kill him too. The air between them was immensely thick and tense, enough to grab a knife and cut right through it. But enough of that. He was alive and so was Rey. "I can't believe you're here..." His hands were resting on her shoulders, his dark expression changing to that of an excited little boy. His voice was worn but persisted on despite that. "How? I thought something happened to you during the explosion and I almost… I… I—" He was stuttering on the precipice of tears, and for a second, he did think Rey was dead. But here she was. Saving his life. "You know I always make it out alive." Her grin was reassuring. "That you do." Finn couldn't help but return the stupid smile. Rey peeked aside, but dare not turn around. She could feel him glaring them down, as if they were going to do something incredibly foolish. "I want you to listen to me very carefully Finn." He looked at her skeptically. Whatever news she was going to bring, it ought to be something dangerous. "We're going to send you to a transport, one by one. We're going to send you home but please...don't do anything to change his mind. Don't talk back. And please...don't attack him. I can't guarantee I'll save you this time." "Rey..." His brows furrowed. His eyes quickly shifted back to the dangerously still man, standing several meters behind Rey. He then focused his sights back on her, wondering what was to happen to his best friend. And then he realized what the agreement between the two had concerned. He paused for a few seconds and then continued, a lump forming in the back of his throat. "But…what about you, Rey?" She was silent. As silent as when he was left to his own sanity while locked up in that damned cell. "No. You can't. You can't just expect us to be okay with the fact that you're suffering in here!" Finn would rather be stuck in that damned box while knowing she was within reach, than back at the base. He wanted to know that she was safe. "Finn… it really is okay. I've already come to terms with myself. I've already prepared to give up my life. I'm not giving it a second thought and you're not going to change my mind." "I've seen and endured myself what it's like to be a prisoner here. I don't want you to live like this. They'll torture you!" "I won't be living as a prisoner." She softly interjected, "And I'm pretty sure he isn't going to torture me. He wants to be my teacher, as weird as that sounds." "He what ?" "We can talk about that later, Fi—" "And when is later?" Rey was silent for a moment. Her voice was hard and a harsh reality for him. "Even if I wanted to go... I wouldn't be able to." Rey angled her jaw aside, only to see the spot once occupied by Kylo Ren to now be vacant. He had gone off somewhere to avoid such a gawky scene between the two. "We have two options. You stay and I stay. Which means they're probably going to kill you somewhere along the road. Or you can go home. What option do you think I'm going to choose?" "We can try to think of some plan. One that means we all get to leave together ." "No. You don't know what he's capable of. If we try anything he's going to kill you. He'll kill Poe and everyone else too. You know he will. If he doesn't then I'm positive one of these guards will." Her hazel eyes twinkled with such audacity that he would never dream of having. She grabbed his hand and held it tightly in hers. "You're just going to have to trust me on this. Alright?" Reluctantly, he nodded and wrapped his arms around her in a bear-hug. He had a feeling that it would be his last one. He held her there for a several seconds longer than need be. … Rey followed behind, leisure in her footsteps, and remained silent for a good ten minutes before asking something again. "Please tell me you're not going to kill him. You're sending him to an escape pod right now, and that's all right? You're not pulling some secret move on me?" He stopped abruptly at the corner they were about to turn, almost causing Rey to crash into his back. "I've already given you my word. Do you not trust me?" "It's just that you're not the type of person to do this sort of thing. Honestly, I thought you were going to kill him the moment that door slid open." She was glaring into his back now. It was plastered and wrapped with all sorts of black fabric. Without a moment's notice, he turned around and his impassive mask being the first to grab her rootless attention. He leaned over and his intense voice sounding robotic yet menacing altogether as he began, "I wanted to kill him. Believe me." He grabbed her chin and guided her face upwards, "If stayed any longer I don't think I could've upheld my end of the bargain." Her eyes widened at his close proximity and unpredictable nature. Her heart thumped erratically the more tightly his black glove squeezed. And then before her heart could sink any lower, he released his metallic claw of a hand and began pacing forward once again. Heavens… She could feel her heart pulsing blood through her cheekbones through all its soreness. Through the sheer black veil of his mask, she could almost see a tiny glint of his piercing eyes glaring back down at her. But then she realized that maybe—just maybe—that he was pretending to put up a hard front, an affectation. She was receiving quite a confusing message from their internal union, a feeling of helplessness yet a determination to appear stronger than the little boy deep inside. "You're mistaken. I am not the merciful man you think I am." His chest leaned back slightly. "You try to think that but I know you're just putting up a front." "Is that what you think?" "I don't think—I know ." She was predominantly courageous and bold at that moment. Her eyelashes flutter and her head tilts aside quite arrogantly, before Kylo Ren. A rather foolish move on her part. Through the bond, she could feel his heart and its heat expanding out to her. All these words were just an excuse and she could see straight through him. "I see what this is about now." She concluded, her hazel eyes overshadowed by her defined eyebrows and the glaring lights up above. " You … you're afraid of being alone." He paused at the sudden accusation. His silence was more than an answer. It gave away his true disposition. From the peripheries of her vision, she could see a black gloved hand—a fleshly one—guiding its way towards her face again. It was softer now and it gently encompassed her chin and showed her vision the true way—up. Her lips were petrified still. Her mind was in utter shock as to what Kylo Ren was about to do. All she could see were his raven colored locks and his lowering face. Her heart pounded through her chest enough to jump out. Chapter 13 His free-ranged hand hemmed his helmet and propelled its weight upwards, the metallic obstruction leaving a gentle hissss and a ruffle of black locks in its wake. His lips were full yet also in a conniving smile. The tower of man redrew and his cold, calculating eyes remained fixated on hers. But he had such lovely eyes...Rey couldn't help but stare into them. Rey found it more difficult to be difficult with him when there was no helmet. Especially when she had to look him in the eye. "Just because I chose to stay doesn't mean I like you. I've never liked you." "Is that what you believe?" He inquired, as if he knew something she hadn't. "Why do you always ask me things that I already know." She huffed, wanting to look away. She couldn't tear her gaze away from him. "I know what I feel, Kylo Ren." "Do you?" His eyes narrow questionably, his grin steepened as if to taunt her. Rey decided to just end it there. She broke off eye-contact and started for the opposite direction, one where Kylo Ren couldn't block her way. The idea and attempt was pretty much futile though. She felt her arm being tugged back, like in the forests of D'qar. "You're not going anywhere." His voice was a solid command, his heated breath creeping its way down her neck. She circled round to face him, his veered dangerously close and his lips—oh god, his lips were only a few moments away. Lips barely brushed hers until he spoke again, breath lightly dusting her mouth. "You thought I was going to kiss you?" Rey's nose and mouth scrunched as if to deter her away from the sickening embarrassment. "Wrong." She brushed past him and trudged along towards the end of the walkway. She heard a low, rumbling voice which caused a halt in her movements. "You're going the wrong way, scavenger." She glared at him, a flush of red anger on her freckled cheeks. ... Somewhere along the way, they'd gotten into a slight argument. A hard scrutiny was all he could give her when the woman knew nothing better than to deny her underlying spirit. Something so vivacious and full of life deserved free range and access to all possibilities, not under the strict boundaries and limitations to that of the Jedi Order. She belonged here. "But what does that make you?" His hand reached for hers, guiding her dainty finger to traipse along the crude markings of his permanent scar. Despite the glove neatly fitted upon his hand, it still felt so warm and strangely comfortable. His other fingers wrapped gently around hers and held them in place, a hand that she wasn't too entirely sure could be capable of such soothing acts. "Someone so innocent couldn't be responsible for this, now could they?" Her veins pulsed thunderously, a rush of hot blood making its way all over her faltering core. This man was a murderer . How dare he. "That was in self-defense." Her voice shook, the feint ghostly stain of his lips on hers lingered much to her dismay. Her hand snapped back so suddenly that it almost startled Kylo. "I did it because you were going to kill me. Who knows what would've happened to me in that forest? To Finn?" His eyes narrowed slightly in response, in a delight wonder as to why this woman implied he was going to kill her. "I certainly would've killed that boy—but you? To kill you?" He said incredulously. "If I wanted such a thing, your body would have been disposed of long ago. It's as I've said before." She was silent in response, allowing him a few more rights to speech. "But you knew that, didn't you? You knew I wasn't going to kill you from the beginning. Everything that happened in the forest—the threat of the loss of your life and others—it was all a simple façade. An excuse that allowed for you to exploit your rage the way you had." Everything that he said… it was all so that he could make her seem like him. She ground her teeth, securing a life vest along the docks to prevent herself from floating adrift the dark sea. This was what he created. This wasn't her. This was not the true perception she harbored about the world, but rather something forcefully planted in the back of her mind. "I am nothing like you." She seethed, but found her body pushed against a metallic panel of the hallway they were in. "Then why can I feel it? Why can I feel your hatred? Your passion? Your power ?" His mouth hovered over her neck and rounded upwards to her ear, her pulse was beating like a drum through her skin. Her movements were frozen in the wake of this towering man. She didn't give a response and yet—she wasn't rejecting him either. Her breath hitched the closer his open mouth neared, soft coats of exhaled air plastered her skin like feathers. "This barrier you feel like you can establish between you and I…it is simply there to be broken." He decided not to do anything more. She was merely a frightened rabbit. A cornered animal that has run out of options, and the only thing left to do was tremble in its fright. His eyes beheld hers again as his face loomed over. We were meant to share a mind, a spirit, a heart— He urged on. Stay here… Stay with me, Rey. He articulated his unbridled passion to her through the force, the temptation was enough to goad her mind towards his. It felt like something was constraining her senses, something vastly uncontrollable and incessant. A savage attack on her force of will to decide between what is right and what is wrong, something so foreign and unspeakable was rabid in her thoughts. It was something she wouldn't dare repeat aloud. She felt… She felt— "Good afternoon, Captain Phasma." Came those words, it was like silk in her ears. It took her a few moments to understand that another was standing so prominently at the other end of the hallway. The figure was fitted with lucent silver plates, indicating that this wasn't someone of lower class in the elaborate hierarchy system inside the First Order. Her metallic suit shone and even glistened more brightly than the lights that showered above them all. Her height was profound, enough to match to that of the mountainous stature of the man standing before her. "Kylo Ren." A husky yet oddly feminine voice rung in the air with quite distinction. Rey blinked several times, horribly caught right before her lips were about to meet his. What a sight to behold. Not just to the First Order affiliate, but to any pair of eyes that could lie upon this ridiculous situation. Rey was stuttering in her embarrassment, on the verge of muttering something she hadn't intended to. As her vision gleaned back to Kylo, she noticed his palm was facing her as a way to say ' stop talking .' His hand lowered to his side and the rest of his surpassing body turned to the advancing captain. "Please welcome my new student, Rey." "Forgive me for my inappropriate lack of formality. I welcome you aboard the Finalizer, Rey." Phasma affirmed with drips of astonishment in her voice, as rigid as she was powerful in her voice and each step growing heavy against the glossy walkway. Phasma's helmet deviated slightly towards her to give a brief inspection—a full ride of courtesy she had presented. "I didn't take you as a teacher, or as someone interested in personally taking a student under your wing." "The Supreme Leader deems her worthy—" He glanced aside, towards Rey as if it were an indication of how valued she actually was in this organization. "Apart from my knights, she is the first true student I've ever had." "I see." She cleared her throat before continuing again as her vision had been absorbed into the man, visually appealing and certainly younger than he really seemed. "Forgive me, Lord Ren. I have never seen your face before." Rey's eyes were dancing between the two leading figures discussing amongst one another. Had Kylo never shown his face to those closest to him in this hierarchy of prestige? Had she been the only one? She noticed his bold golden eyes flicker quite imperceptibly towards her as a warning sign. It was a way of saying—or reminding—that he could hear her thoughts. He was telling her that she was going to learn a thing or two about what it's like to be someone who questioned his status as a leader. Or his portrayal to the rest of the world of how terrifying of an icon like Kylo Ren could really be. "There is nothing to forgive you for, Captain." He responded as any reasonable person would have. "And I've no reason to hide my face from you." It was as if Phasma was the only one alive that received a respectable tone of voice from Kylo Ren, apart from Rey herself. He continued with a change of topic, "Have you happened upon General Hux, any time as of recent? There're some matters I'd like to discuss with him." "I haven't seen the General since you both went off to the Outer Rim. Would you like me to pass a message on?" She insisted. "I would appreciate it if you would, Captain." She nodded in accordance before heading off toward the direction she originally intended. Her stern movements came to a sudden halt before the woman turned around to acknowledge this reputable man once more, as if she finally coughed up the courage to say something the moment the thought hit her. "Lord Ren. If do feel yourself comfortable, you are more than welcome to show your face around me. I have no criticism, no remarks, and no reprisal for you whatsoever. I have nothing but the utmost respect for you on this ship." He nodded in approval, signaling for her departure. "Your hard labors are always appreciated, Captain." She nodded and disappeared along the sharp turn of the hallway. Rey had been in shock—never seeing a Kylo Ren as respectable as this one. His penetrating eyes laid on hers for a moment, he was silent but his expression revealed the need to say everything that sculled through his mind. She found herself frozen in his gaze and wanting to say something herself. But she couldn't. The metallic claw of a hand that held his helmet was once again sitting securely on his shoulders. Continuing as if nothing happened between the two, "We have others to release from custody today. With the last man freed, I expect you to swear your absolute loyalty to me. Is that understood?" She nodded. She was responsible for every man down there. She was responsible for them getting caught and now she was solely set on releasing them from their steel cages. ... It had been a month now. Rey sat inside an extension of the Star Destroyer, secluded and meditating with all the willpower she could muster. She wondered what good any of this would do. This was nothing different than what Luke had made her do in the high cliffs of D'Qar, amid peace and tranquility in its high and cloudy skies. Her former master had made no effort to contact her, even in the dreams where he could be virtually imperceptible. Had he given up on her? Kylo made her do this several times throughout the day, just as Luke had. More often than not she would question him aloud with the purpose of these exercises, as they been so similar to that of the Jedi Academy. "You concentrate with the purpose of amassing energy." His back had been turned to her, his tousled dark locks gathering a large part of her attention as she sat cross-legged. "You must learn to focus in on the raw passion that accumulates throughout your body. Locate your fear and anger. Let it elevate to the surface of your skin." Expose it to the universe —an inspiration he repeated so diligently. "It's too quiet here." She murmured softly. "Just because you have nothing to trigger your emotions, doesn't mean you can't look deep inside yourself for guidance. Forget the detachment, Rey. You're a part of the now. What riles your anger? What makes you so impatient and impulsive?" "You do." She glared up at him, the only source strong enough to trigger her animosity had been Kylo Ren. His mind roved over the thought of his student, as difficult as she was. She was much like him in many ways, and that's why he had trouble adjusting to a personality nearly as identical as his. But that's what drew them to each other long ago. The past felt like it occurred in another life, as he shut his eyes and deeply inhaled through his nose. 'Do you remember me, Katya?' 'Do you remember that we used to play along the sand dunes?' 'Do you remember watching me sit alone, a distant stone from the ones who shut me out?' 'Don't you remember your own mother?' He wouldn't dare say a word to Rey however. Her first instinct would be the implausibility in his little story. He snorted inwardly. Of course she wouldn't. He mentioned something to Rey about the male figure that had once been in her life. The surname was the only word worth gaining her recognition, rather than the little things that once seemed most important in her delicate mind. It was the idea of having a family, Rey thought, was most important. And that is why he was able to lure her in so easily. He turned around to face his able bodied student, sitting cross legged in the dim-lit sanctuary. Her eyes had been sealed, as if it would aid in her attempt to amass an energy strong enough to push her over the median. The gray line. She was at a gray line, and he needed something to drive her to extremes. He needed to rectify this ambition for power she so subconsciously strived for. As her teacher, he wanted to show her the way. … With many days passing by and she embraced no progression whatsoever, he advanced to the next level. "What do you think you're doing!?" The woman shrieked in surprise, narrowly dodging his gleaming red lightsaber. Her body was angled at an agonizing posture, and if she hadn't been, she would've been cleaved down half her foundation. Her chest was heaving quite laboriously and all she could do was clumsily avoid his next strike. And the next. And the next. "St-stop!" She exhaled in exhaustion, her breath quickening with each pace. "What the hell are you—" Another electric purr hissed past her ear from below her jawline, slicing a few bare strands of baby hairs mid-swing. The ominous glow of his sword was like a booming star amid the shadowy contours of her meditation room, and all she could see was the red. Nothing else. She couldn't even concentrate where his hand was prepared to shift next, only the moment as of then. He moved too fast. Her eyes were oscillating in fear and her body shook with tremors as she felt its heat lap at the skin he so narrowly missed. "Stop it Kylo! You're going to burn me!" She warned with all sincerity. He was like a mindless drone with no intent of compromising with the victim, only to get the job done and over with. Her nimble feet twirled around his immediate radius, the black wrappings that she sported were floating aimlessly behind her body, bursting with momentum. She held no control and certainly not as much as the Sith Lord had. The flank of her form collided with a wall that seemed further than it actually was, and she found trouble bouncing off that shoulder as soon as it struck. Surely Kylo would have sliced her limb off— from the wrist bone to the tip of her middle finger as it laid flat, extended, protection from her turbulence against the back wall. The peak of his saber burned a lengthy sliver of smoldering metal, right beside the hand she thought would've been lost forever. His outstretched arm left a wide plot of space between his lightsaber and body, vulnerable as it seemed at the moment. She took the chance and ducked under the suspended cross guard, she went for his wrist and twisted it behind his back with the inherent strength she exhibited on Star Killer base. Before her defensive move could fully be registered, the quick and impeding strike of his lightsaber swung back down at her with a simple flick of his wrist. It appeared as though the shaft of the burning crimson ran along his forearm, the tip of the burning blade almost shooting right through the inner sanction of her underarm. His shoulder veered backwards so that it may swipe her skin with its burning intensity, yet the woman collapsed to the ground to avoid it altogether. "You—you're insane!" She gasped. It felt as though electricity was coursing through her body, prickling at her skin like a thousand needles. She couldn't do anything without a weapon. She was helpless. "In the real heat of battle, it would be a waste of time to reason with the enemy. Think more about how you can redirect assault with power of your own." He roared, ardent in all his movement. "We're not at all Jedi. Do not wait to lose a limb before you decide to strike back. Attack me. Attack me with a craving for blood ." His voice was rugged in her ears. Rugged and powerful. "Strike me down like you mean it." "But I don't even have a—" Her voice was irritated but shaken with fear and uncertainty. He threw the base of his cross-guard and it clanked against the metallic floor. Like a Gundark she clasped the hilt before it finished its roll. She jumped to her feet as quickly as she could and found herself finally being able to retaliate. The raw energy was vibrating in her fingertips—rippling throughout her body with each wave of the hand. He dodged her so flawlessly, comparably to someone with much more grace than the Kylo Ren of three years ago. His dark hair and calculating features were a ghost to Rey in the dim-lit room, he concentrated on her less than capable movements while they danced around one other. Unlike the less experienced Rey, he knew where she was going to strike next. It was the rush of energy. It was the rush of blood. The rush of heartbeat that gave him the intuition he needed. With the fight or flight response intrinsic to all humans, the fight was strong with him. Before she knew it, he used the same attack on her as she had with him. Knocking the hilt of his own cross guard out of her hand, her wrist painfully twisted and pulled the rest of her body down to the ground along with. She growled akin to an animal and quickly freed an arm. She swung her elbow far enough to strike something. Anything . The force of the impact forced his skull to roll aside the direction she swung, the only thing she could make out was his defined jawline. They both waited there in a silent battle for breaths. Quickly her wrists were pinned against the cold-glazed floor, the backs of her palms tightly pressed against two hard surfaces. Her lungs had been hungrily sucking in air, simultaneously pushing against the massive weight of Kylo Ren. "This is the Rey I know." He breathed, the sharp gold in his eyes glinting within the darkened room. "Had I known you would've reacted this way, I would've done this sooner." "Get off me." She hissed, baring her teeth all primal like. Through the force, he could sense her heart beat pound hard enough to source the engine of a battle ship. Her hair had been astray, the pleats of her braid had gone undone and her light brown hair flew out in beautiful packed strands. Her cheeks were blushed with all sorts of red, obviously contorted with anger. He sensed the hidden lust for power she so easily wrought out. She was a storm. A storm that couldn't be controlled. He wanted her so badly. Chapter 14 "Guys, you just have to watch me. Please." A young, disheveled looking boy trudged behind his fellow comrades. One of the kids turned around and gave him an ugly eye, his nose and lips curling up into a snarl. His name was Jaden and he'd been particularly gifted with the force. He was a noteworthy Padawan within Luke Skywalker's academy, to the point where he could be his personal apprentice. "Why do you keep trying when obviously you can't get it?" "I just need some time to practice." He pleaded in exhaustion, all from the incessant failures of his previous group training session. "You've had as much time as we have." Jaden countered. Another girl, Ezra, placed hands on her hips and scoffed. She appeared a lot like Luke Skywalker, and in a sense wanted to be just like him. "Not being able to force levitate a stone is fine at a child's age. But what are you now…13? If you can't even do that then maybe you should just give up." "So what? I'll figure this all out, just like the rest of you." His fists balled up at his sides, the heartache had inevitably decided to grow on him—feeding on his pain and self-pity. Another boy, smaller and slightly younger than the rest of the group chimed in, "Aren't you Master Luke's nephew? Shouldn't you be ahead of us without even trying?" "Maybe he didn't get the genes." Jaden noted, a smirk on his face. "Or maybe he was just adopted. He just doesn't belong here." "I belong here because I chose to be, not because I was born into this family." "You can't even sit still enough to meditate!" Another kid tauntingly joked. "Maybe you should work in a canteen instead." "Yeah? Maybe you can work in the oil mines. You'll fit in. It's just as dirty as you are!" He mocked back, swiping dirt into his face with the side of boot. The kid was prepared to attack Ben, but was held back by the girl's outstretched arm. The kid was Ezra's younger brother and had been provoked instead. She was the one to sneak in a quick punch at Ben knowing he wouldn't strike a girl back. After he got painfully knocked face first into the grassy surroundings, the rest left him there to wallow in his own weakness. His head lifted off the ground. And after spitting out a mouthful of dirt, he could see a little one hiding behind an elder tree. … Short a week had followed, the same routine fell between student and master. The long braid she sported was cut despite her silent protests not to, and she neatly groomed and split horizontally past the scalp. The top half was a messy bun noticeably lighter at the tips of hair that splayed outward, bleached by the sun from her days on Jakku, while the other half had cascaded down her back mid-length into a golden-brown waterfall and into the same beautifully sun-bleached tips. She never saw the sun anymore. Her heart faltered at the thought, but swallowed any conceivable uncertainty. Rey never thought she'd been advertising such a color to the public. It was all black, enough to camouflage into her Master's just as dark attire. They consisted of simple ribbed wrappings that encircled her forearms to the ridges of her knuckles, a short sweater that cut off at the sockets of her arms, and dark trousers that were sucked into the openings of her black shin-length boots. Her body ached as she leaned against the metallic door frame of the combat room, like it was throbbing, crying and telling her to take a break for once. Each training session had developed into something more vigorous than the previous and she thought her body was finally going to collapse. Three years under Skywalker—barely surviving on Ach-to with a plant based diet—she could tell through the ocean's reflection that she'd been growing thin. But here it was different. Her constitution was slowly breaking down but building itself back up again. Obviously the woman had been more fed this past month than she'd ever been in the past 13 years of her life. And then she thought…If she'd been as fit as she was now… With Kylo's training sessions, what had he looked like beneath all his garb? There was one time Kylo did have his arms exposed—actually a lot more than he'd ever been. Under all that suffocating cloth, he seemed fleshly and too weak to hold a lightsaber. And as usual, she was anything but right in her assumptions. As they trained one day, it had been particularly hot in the lower chambers of the Finalizer. The heat from the engine room had been especially close to where they trained and the air conditioning designed for it had broken down entirely. Of course she hadn't really packed on layers—but Kylo Ren was a different story. He decided to remove his hooded cloak and heavy tunic, leaving only a tight black undershirt, compartmented belt, and everything else she could think of below the waistline. His body was wonderfully sculpted. Such a thought made a light twinge of red rise to the surface of her cheeks. His height had no factor on the body he had—definitely not scrawny. But then she noticed something again. Something she completely forgot about. A prosthetic collaboration of metal layered his right arm, like clockwork against the rest of his human physique. She remembered how there was blood staining everything strikingly white, and his body lay there at a one-sided and depressed angle. He'd been gripping on the same shoulder she so desperately rendered useless during their fated battle. But here he was. A bionic man more powerful than anyone she'd ever encountered. She paused, ridding herself of the rubbish and distracting thoughts. Her head rested against the impact-braced door for a few silent moments before an urgent pounding could be heard from the other side. "Scavenger!" A dirty voice hissed from the other side. Hux. She sighed. A man that she thought just might be a little lower than the Supreme Leader himself. She unfastened the padlock and allowed for him to slam right through the door's entrance with the usual gall and arrogance he'd always portrayed. "What do you think you're doing?" He asked, as if she knew what he implied. "No, what do you think you're doing?" She bit back as hardly and a horrible taste rising in the back of her throat. "You know exactly why I'm here. Where are the prisoners that I've captured? The rebels I captured from your planet?" "They've been released from captivity long ago." She stepped back with arms crossed against her well raised chest, all to prove she hadn't been afraid of such a foul man. "Why the hell do you look do surprised?" "They were to be put to death, you insolent woman." He always seemed so angry and irritated. If his eyes weren't blue, they'd be blazing red in another life. "Not at all. My life for theirs—that is the agreement between Kylo Ren and I." She wasn't a scavenger anymore; she was simply Lord Ren's apprentice—a title regarded by the entirety of the First Order. "Our Supreme Leader approved of no such thing. You joined the First Order as a loyal officer with a purpose of aiding our cause. What you had done was an act of treason, and had you made the right choice, the continuation of your life wouldn't be in question right now." He made a noticeable gesture to the troopers stationed behind him, which signaled for them to apprehend the young Sith in training. "I'm not going anywhere." Stood ground the young Padawan, daring him to make a move. "Surrender yourself, scavenger scum. Or I'll command them to shoot." The back of his glove palm raised, as if it were a trigger itself for their blasters to shoot holes into Rey. "I don't follow orders from vile snakes like you." "You continue to defy your superior? Do you realize who you're talking to?" His teeth bared at her and his hand inching ever so slightly to the 'go ahead and shoot' gesture. "Consider your options once more. Think about it before you accidentally do lose your life." She had a tight-lipped smile and her hands clung tightly to her bare arms. "I take orders only from my master. No one else." What she'd been saying left a sour taste in her mouth. "Kylo Ren? That pathetic excuse for a leader?" "I don't know what you've got against him—" Rey interrupted, the irritation boiling in her voice. "But at least he's got enough decency to let a life thrive when it deserves to." He suppressed the urge to laugh as the striking shine in his icy eyes grew on her. "You don't know what you're talking about! That man has killed more men than some of my most able-bodied soldiers!" He thinks that she didn't know that? "He isn't the problem here. Now—Get out." Her own arm raised and hinting at the fact that she was going to be deadly within the next few seconds. Even though she didn't have a light saber or at the very least a weapon, the Force would be more than enough to compensate the situation. Her voice continued with much defiance towards the General. "Before I blow your head off." Before Hux's hand depressed to give the 'go ahead' and the two troopers were quickly unarmed by an invisible force. It sent their blasters off into the room and scraped the ground, past Rey's feet and concluded to a wild crash against the back wall. "Listen to her if I were you." A grinding voice noted out of the blank depths of their minds. The towering man that Kylo Ren was, stood behind Hux and the two troopers that clung to his back. The troopers looked at their empty hands and then back up to the frightening Sith Lord. Hux found his vision trapped between the two force sensitives and backed away slightly. Now that he didn't have liable body guards, he had no right to be such a haughty little punk. "You have no business being here." Sharply retorted the General, as tasteless as he was, he turned back toward Rey. "She let my prisoners go, as my guardsmen have alerted me. I've only come to collect the debt she left in her wake." "General." Kylo announced. "Don't convict a lone woman for something she hadn't done." "So it was you ?" Hux almost found himself in a sudden stupor; then remembered that this man had made it out to make his life more difficult by the hour. "Yes. Is there a problem?" The Sith lord challenged. His eyes bounced between Rey and Kylo, with an absolute look of detestation thriving on his features. "It seems as if the notion of making stupid choices will never escape you, and with that your end will come soon enough. The Supreme Leader will hear of this and this time you won't get off as easy you had the last. Make note of it." With that, the General had gone off to fester in his own activities however vile they may be. The other troopers nervously stalked off after him, leaving Rey alone with questionable thoughts and a Kylo Ren standing silently by the door's silhouette. "I suppose our conference can wait." He sighed, the entrance was more casual than his typical step. Her back was now turned to him, Rey being unable to face him with the question she was about to ask. "Did you let them live because you were asked to?" She wondered softly. "Or because you wanted to?" "Neither." He paused, burning holes into her back with his eyes. "It was simply an agreement we made." "An agreement on your terms." Disclosed Rey, her form quickly turned towards him again. "Your Leader had nothing to do with it." He removed his mask as if he wanted to deepen the conversation with a more humane voice, his sharp eyes meeting hers once the obstruction had been removed. "He's your leader too." "That's beside the point. And now he wants me dead—thanks to you." "And you're alive. Thanks to me." He interjected shrewdly. "You wanted your friends released and you got your wish. Are you not happy?" She took his collar into a clinching fist and pulled the cloth up his neck—as if he hadn't been tall enough already. "If you and your First Order cronies hadn't raided that Resistance base, my friends wouldn't have been captured. Then I wouldn't have been stuck alone on this hellhole of a ship." Her voice was seething in his ears, a confession to the true thoughts she hid so well from him the past few weeks. "There are more than enough people on board." He reminded her. She glared at him incredulously. "Do you see Finn around here anywhere? Poe? Han Solo !?" Those last two words forced the two full lips of his into a straight line. He took the hand that gripped his collar ever so tightly and clasped her wrist, an unyielding grip it was. Kylo quickly shut the metallic entrance and slammed her against its cold surface. His sudden movements earned him a quiet yelp and a defiant glare, the woman more than ready to strike back for the past few months. He quickly locked the door again while whispering loudly enough for only the two of them to hear. "You think his name still affects me to this day, don't you?" She smiled back at him, "And you think I'm still afraid of you. Don't you?" You thought wrong. Rey had riled the man as much as he provoked her. She knew what she did to him when she felt his hands travel under her sweater and up the small of her back, gasping at the sudden intimacy. There was an odd mixture of metallic cold and hot flesh roaming the curvature of her spine, then those hands forcefully pressed her body against his. "Do you still think you're alone?" She heard him murmur lowly in her ear. His hot breath landed softly down her neck and as always, made the woman shiver ten-thousand times over. When he had been around this woman, their connection to each other fortified with layers of thirst and desire. It felt considerably amazing to have his emotions roam free over her—a feeling as satisfying as taking the life of… Was it? No. It wasn't. This feeling of being connected to your other half was incomparable to any other pleasure in the universe. Nothing had been akin to a great sensation such as this—not even at a hyper speed's distance away. He leaned in. Finally, he was going to do it. "I—" Before she could finish, his lips were on hers like a magnet to metal. They didn't repel each other like most would assume water and oil would—but rather attract because they'd been such an opposition to each other. His burning tongue slid along her top lip as if to tease and possess her there, waiting for her to breathe and without a doubt open her crevice again. She gasped for a much needed intake and angled her head away from his. "Wh—what do you think you're doing?" He could see her lovely freckles even in this dim light and her eyes straining to close away—away from his simmering golden gaze. "You." He paused as his mouth prepared its voyage of kisses down her neck. He felt her skin burn under his lips and quite a rush of adrenaline through the force. "That's what I'm doing." Her heart thumped more than it should have and certainly against a demand such as this. Her body seared to dangerous heat, skin to skin, clothes to clothes, face to face—they were entwined. She pressed her head a little harder into the door to allow the man access to her vulnerable neck, letting him leave wet marks of love down to her collarbone. She murmured something about wanting him to stop but an empty mouthing of words was all to become of her. "I never should have gone into that forest." She finally said, something along the lines of a soft whisper; the words could have taken the place of her breaths if not concentrated hard enough. His lips landed on hers forcefully as the weight of his kiss pushed her head more roughly into the leveled surface. "But you did anyway." She could feel his mouth roving on hers—a strange and soothing feeling altogether. What was she doing? What was she doing with a man like him? She felt trapped on this ship—endless days of training and seclusion. The only people she had ever encountered on a daily basis were the enemy and not a single soul to remind her of her not so distant past. But was it bad that she didn't feel the same when he came marching through her bedroom doors? When he asked her to stay away from the other knights and to avoid the other commander whenever the choice would be allowed? Why did she like it when he told her these things—this feeling of being protected. It felt like she actually belonged somewhere. Maybe not a place but rather… a heart? Why did she find such involuntary attraction towards him? She wanted to dismiss these scandalous thoughts for good—but like a disease, it was treated incorrectly it came back to consume the rest of her existence. "The moment I laid my eyes on you I—" She almost wanted him to finish his sentence but was distracted by his fingers—hungry for reaction. Admittedly, Kylo Ren never saw himself in such a questionable situation. It'd always been about the lust for power, respect, and absolution; yet not a single ounce of uncertainty to whether or not he'd receive a partner at any point in his life. Now he realized that the first three principles were nothing without the last. When he decided to reach inside and glaze her mind, he noticed that she was thinking none too different. She felt exactly the same. And that was the final green light. "I wanted you." He continued in a lower tone as it drummed against her ear. "I've never wanted anyone in my life—it was always you ." "Me..." Her response was a distinctly silenced one, all to minimize the amount of noise that would escape the training room. "Don't act so clueless," He muttered, a bite back to her ponderous thoughts. "Something so prevalent in our bond couldn't be ignored." He continued with almost uncertainty in his voice. "It took me longer than it should have—but then I realized. And once I did, I could see it in your eyes that you felt the same about me." "I never—" "' You never ?' Don't lie. You can feel this force bond as well as I can." Her moments of silence were more than an answer. It was a solution to a possible future. "What are you saying…?" A froth of frustration simmered in her voice, then she held her breath as soon as her question fell out. "This is what I'm saying." She found the backs of her palms forcefully plastered against the door, one that provided her a backbone for his expenditures. Even when his hands left to roam, she kept her hands positioned in such a way that permitted Kylo a reign over the rest of her body. Both prosthetic and human fingers had swerved inside her black sweater and tugged upwards over her head. The greatest thing about wearing loose black clothing is that she never wore anything to constrict her chest with. He noticed more quickly than he should have and realized that she probably wasn't going to wear anything like that again. Quite distracting really. And it wasn't so much of an obstacle, but rather something beautiful to admire and gaze upon. He looked at the perfect construction of her shoulders, toned and slender arms—and then her lovely breasts that seemed to rip his attention away from everything else in the universe. His managed to regain their movement in vision and travel back to meet his lovely apprentice's face. Her hazel eyes held him in a wonderful and yet embarrassed embrace—one that seemed to shy away from a paramount of pleasures in the world. The corner of his full lips curved upward, a concoction of greed and indulgence were at a constant between the two and in their bindings to one another. He kissed her chest and downward, as the impish feeling of his raven hair brushed against her surrounding skin. Her stomach contracted tightly as his mouth moved south—each placement of his mouth made her feel giddy and hot inside. She'd never been with a man before. Not like this. Was this how it felt? And for once, she reached inside his unfortified mind to discover the true secrecies that lie behind those cold eyes of his. He had felt the same. It was a foreign feeling to his being as well, a fresh and new experience that washed over him like cold water. He suddenly stood to full length and lightly cupped her cheek, gathering the thoughts that were once in an endless void. I want you —she could hear him say endlessly. It was like his thoughts unquestionably gathered more strength than a simple spoken word of mind, an unfiltered truth. She was able to understand through a magnified lens—a bond—a union that offered an entirely different perspective upon another. Kylo knew she was inside the fortress that was his mind. I hate it... I hate feeling like this. A tear would break the boundaries of her hard composure and stream down the contours of her cheek. Then another. And another. Until his soft hand brushed it away in all its soothing and passionate movement. I understand—I understand exactly how you feel. I'll take it away from you. And I want you to take it away from me. His lovely voice murmured through their bond and took her mouth into his. The was a passion seeded with desire. Intensity. Yearning. A dependence. A need for one another. Light and dark. Chapter 15 Notes: A lemon lie directly ahead, I assure you. :) Enjoy. She kissed back as fully as he engaged her; a notion he noticed that was the first to become of the woman. An insinuation that she was prepared to accept anything that was about to happen. An act of greed. Lust. A yearning to be her catalyst. He promptly swung her legs over his prosthetic limb and her torso would be snugly secured over his warmer arm; he carried her off to a padded mat that lay lonely against the back wall of her training room. Carefully he set her atop the mat and gently pecked at her lips once again, as if to reassure that he wasn't leaving. He removed his belt and overshirt, the layered sleeves as well as the gloves that occupied his distinctive hands. Even in their dark surroundings she could make out his shape, robust and toned in every inch of his human physique. Rey admitted that he was beautiful, burning with embarrassment and a longing altogether. She watched him remove his tight undershirt with a simple swipe and toss; his arms crossed one another and above his head from a height she perceived to be daunting. His pants hung loosely around his tightly compacted abdomen, winding slightly inward into a hidden privatehood. Her heart thumped a little quicker then—inciting a smile from Kylo—as he knew what she had been thinking. "I know you want to." He encouraged, lowering himself above the woman and guided her hands along an adventure of layered muscle, indentations, and battle-packed scars. Reluctance was sitting on her finger tips yet managed their voyage up and around his chest. His body leaned over at an angle so that she could reach his face, abruptly stopping at the mutilated side of his countenance. She admitted to the fact that she'd been full of regret, feeling as hurt as he had on the snowy grounds of Starkiller Base. "I'm sorry." "Don't be." He countered, taking her hand within his. "This scar comes with it perks and rewards. I'd gladly bite my tongue and take another scar if it meant that you'd stay here with me." She looked up at him with her mind obscure and disillusioned. "I'm not leaving you—Kylo. I can't." What had she been getting herself into? "Is it that a sense of righteousness speaking? Or something else." "It's something else." She admitted, her freckled skin whirling with tones of red and pink. The gold in his eyes were all that she could focus on, a smile replaced his dormant lip, and finally pang of satisfaction rang through their bond. Their lips met half-way in a fiery embrace and Rey, who'd never dreamt of doing such things, found her arms wrapping around his neck and pulling him down with her mass. The backside of his forearms leveled at her sides to support his over-imposing form, knees left to bear the brunt of his weight. Their mouths fit and shifted around each other like puzzle pieces, his tongue looking for her cavern—for a wonderful adventure. His lips roamed away aggressively and proceeded a trail to her neck again. He bit her this time, leaving a consecutive line of red marks to blemish her skin. She whimpered, those sounds of distress turned into one soft moan after another. Her mewls were drawing his mind in and her movements were like gravity, sucking his own body into hers. Slightly surprised by the brave movements of her hands, Kylo shuddered as they travelled down his shoulder blades to the pit of his back. He pressed into her body with all the more indication. Her hands propped against his chest now pushing his body away from their heated core. He looked down, confused, and more than ready to devour the woman beneath him. "You're supposed to be my teacher—" She gasped within her movement, as if breath got caught in her chest. It was an awareness that grabbed ahold of every ounce of clarity, feeling a bit too uncertain about the outcome of their situation. This was too racy and disreputable, something that couldn't possibly get into the newspaper headlines of both the First Order and the Resistance. Throughout the galactic civilization entirely…her heart shuddered. This would have been quite the scandal. She had to force the air out. "We can't be doing this." "Of course we can. I can still teach and love at once—that's the difference between Skywalker and I." "What…What if someone comes? What if your Supreme Leader walks right through that door?" "Don't be ridiculous. And it's already locked." "I'm not Kylo... I can't do this." She continued, doubt ringing in the bond between them. "What if someone heard us? What if rumors go around about a master and student having such relations?" His smile was perceptible enough in the dim lighting, the sharp lines that defined his contours barely made it past her vision. Had it mattered what others thought about them? Had it really? A lone finger positioned upon her lip telling her that she didn't have to worry about anything anymore. "Then I guess we'll have to be quiet then, don't we?" Dragging downward and pulling her bottom lip along with it, almost sticking to his skin as he dragged his index past her chin. His hands softly encased each foot, gently removing each boot from her delicate feet. Followed by the next article of clothing—her pants. It left the woman burning with agony and unease as she felt a tight compaction of space between her legs. All it'd left was a small wrapping of cloth that sealed her most private area from his prying eyes. Rey had been stunned, ashamed yet basking in the enigma that was this man. All he'd been was a shroud of black clothes, a being endowed with a powerful mind. It overwhelmed her senses. "Don't be so ashamed of yourself." He whispered with reassurance, captivating her attention, and entangling her fingers within his as he bears his weight down on them. "This was what you wanted, hadn't it?" Of course it was. When had these feelings caught on? She couldn't picture exactly when. But they were there. Somehow they were always there. Rey prepared no verbal response but instead placed a fearsome kiss upon his lips as vigorous as his'd been. Her legs wrapped around his waist and pulled inward, letting loose all remaining defense. He responded with a grunt and his manhood aching to be released, in suspense of such an unreserved reaction coming from Rey. Retreating slightly and quickly poising his fingers above her covered entrance, he spared the woman no moments of reprieve. Gripping the protective cloth, he slowly guided it down the winding valley of her hips and toned, sun kissed legs. Her flesh was pulsing against his skin, the sultry folds were warm and encompassed his fingers ever so gently in their movement. She gasped at his long and intrusive fingers, her womb shrinking in by the subsequent moment. A sharp yelp escaped her unbolted lips and found her air sucked in by those of Kylo Ren's. His tongue explored her mouth while his dexterous fingers stimulated her second opening, angling his wrist so he could perform two assaults on her body at once. Rey found herself bathing in his oppressive heat, sweat forming in tiny droplets along her root lining. From enemy… to master. To this. She moaned loudly now in his ear. She didn't know if it was the sound she made or the movement of her hips against his hand—but she swore he'd thrusted in just a little bit harder. Her hips jerked upward to such a sudden and foreign spasm of electricity, coursing vigorously through her veins. Her inner walls were taut and at a continuous retraction against his digits, her knees clinging to each other so that his wrist was trapped in-between her hot chasm. "Not yet." Warm breath lightly tapped at her neck once he spoke, withdrawing his fleshly fingers at the last moment. "I want you to feel it all of it and I want you to feel it well." "Please—" She murmured. It was a terrible sensation in itself—ready to burst into a thousand pieces. She projected this feeling toward him through the bond, a desperate attempt to portray how divested her soul had been. "Resorted to begging. Have you now?" His smirk was a notable trait. The way the ends of his lips curved up and how his lips possessed hers so selfishly. She felt like she was drowning in these sensations, almost losing control as his hand loomed so provocatively over her opening. "Is that something Skywalker taught you?" "I—I'm not begging." Her whisper was swift, partial in her anger and partial in her humiliation. Taking it as a cue to move on, he placed a final momentary kiss before straightening out and allowing her hands to drop to her sides. She rested on the backs of her forearms and situated her abdomen into a slight crunch, her neck slightly arched forward to get an appetizing view. Curiosity was dancing in her eyes. Clearly she wasn't planning to admit something as embarrassing of the sort but implied a sultrier frame of mind. This was only possibly because of their bond, and it saved several moments aching to be articulated into reality. His prosthetic hand zipped under his pants and unleashed the throbbing member that lay beneath. Her freckled cheeks suddenly flushed, glancing aside in a much needed intake of reprieve. "Now tell me Rey. Are you ready?" She nodded. What was she doing? This was Kylo Ren. Kylo Ren. An enemy to the Resistance. A murderer. She bit her bottom lip and was at a loss for words for this once murderous man now turned lover. She suddenly remembered all the wrongs he'd committed in the past. Terrible acts of vengeance and rage. He was a murderer. Disgust and reluctance were swimming in the deep hazel pools that glared up at him. And then she thought—she'd been just like him. Almost gaining the title of such had nature not been forced to intervene. And now…she was an enemy to the very same organization that provided shelter from foregoing isolation. She nodded to him like a lost little puppy, lost in all her irrationality and fluctuation. She wanted him without a doubt. And this man—Kylo Ren—wanted her just as well. "Look at me." He demanded before going on any further. "Rey." If there wasn't enough tension in the air, surely it was there now. How embarrassing. "I've…never done this before." She murmured under her breath. "You know just as well that I haven't either." She bit her lip. Was saying it aloud going to improve her circumstances? Certainly not. Her eyes, stippled with green, brown, and gold had laid their sights on his face once again as if she were providing him with consent. Something they'll never be able to go back on. However—they were both more than willing and prepared for it. Within moments and no warning, she bit her lip even harder as his hardness penetrated her soft folds. It felt like a burning spear as it rubbed through her inner walls, the woman clenching her womb down on him involuntarily. It wasn't as bad as it could've been, but it still hurt like hell. Her blood seeped out onto their slick, combined cores and onto the mat below them. She forced herself not to cry out. If she hadn't covered her mouth with his, Rey was positive that the whole ship could've heard her scream. It felt so unbelievably tight, as it was quite a curious sensation to him. A man who'd known only the aftershock of battle—the raw emotion that emanated from the sheer onslaught of one will upon another, the crossing of blades, the reflection of his fears and the qualms of his mistakes. That was all it ever was. He'd never dug deep enough for a primal consideration of wants and desires. It was a needle incessantly poking him in the back of his mind—that he was still missing something. And this was it. This was that something. The passion. The lust. The seduction . It was the backbone of all things Sith. And he couldn't believe he ignored it for so long. "Rey—" He whispered lovingly as worry was swimming in his eyes. "If it's too much, I'll stop right now." "Don't" The heaving woman harshly interjected, "stop. Stop right now and I just might have to kill you." This woman… this woman was an exquisite creature. Ambient, breathtaking, enticing to his soul. She was his. She was something to call his own. Someone. And she was growing bold by the mere second. His thrust gained momentum as he breached further into her inner walls. Her arms under-hooked his, and like claws, her nails dug into shoulders through the nether side of his sculpted body. Her arms were like unrelenting chains, confining him there against her body but certainly not against his will. He could feel her breasts collide against his chest, back and forth, partnering with each movement of thrust. He couldn't help but groan with the amazing sensations that engulfed his thoughts. The moment he pulled out, he wanted to plunge right back in. It was so warm and inviting. How could he not? His eyes made a delightful round trip about her tan skin, writhing in a slick layer of sweat and exhaustion to match his own. Her legs were suffocating his hips, pulling him inward against her willing body. The base of her thighs were upturned enough so that half of her body hadn't touched a thing—only him. This reaction was due to her nearing the end. She was close, but not yet there. So he forced through at a more rapid pace, the tip of his length colliding against her hilt. Then, out of nowhere. Several pairs of boots came marching toward their door. Without hesitation he plastered a hand over her mouth, condensing her sounds into mere breaths against his palm. He taunted her, placing a prosthetic finger to his lips, testing her silence. The thudding of footsteps seemed forever to Rey as he continued to pound through her. He hadn't made as much noise as she had. But she couldn't control it. She almost wanted to bite into his skin to suppress herself. Sensing her worry, he mentally whispered that no one would be getting through that door. As long as she stayed silent. His hands recalled and gripped tightly her hips, harshly pulling her core against him as he met her halfway. She wanted to yelp at these impulsive movements of his, yet the back of her own hand was used as a suppressant, eventually using the side tissue connecting to her thumb to bite into. He smiled at this beautiful young woman. So fierce. Such strong willpower. But here she was, below him, weak, willing, and certainly there to be with him as much as he wanted to be with her. Now that the footsteps had gone away, assuredly, she let all her worries, cries, and screams fly free. She needed speak her mind. Anything. Anything to revert her focus from the pleasure that was about to explode within her. He relished in her sounds, they made him want to break her down all the more. When he let her arms fall meekly at her face, he noticed that she didn't dare look at him. Either she'd been so distracted by the pleasure… or she simply didn't want to make eye contact with him. Sparing her a sense of discomfiture, he leaned over for another kiss and remained in position as he thrusted into her slickness. Her soft cries were turning loud as she neared her summit, enticing forms of his name were mumbled in his ear. "Rey—" He murmured softly, lovingly. His voice was so tempting to her, dark and comforting all at once. She groaned as their hips connected unforgivingly, her abdomen pooling with heat and intensity as he seemed to near his end as well. The tension in her body reached a final extremity, a climax ready to explode at any second. She kept wondering to herself whether not she was going to release if he prodded her in one spot in particular. And he did. She thought she knew pleasure of some sort, but it was nothing in comparison to what she was feeling now. There were waves of it, overwhelming her body in total numbness. He kept thrusting until he himself finished with a final groan of indulgence. Through the bond, she felt an impossible sensation flowing through him as well as it had through her. It was strange how she felt both orgasms. It was their bond that made her feel this way. She just couldn't explain really how it felt, but certainly a privilege to those that are well deserved of it. Her thoughts were swimming with all sorts of worries, concerns, and the outlook of her life. But there was one thing she was sure of, and it was that they ultimately connected. A single entity. When she had enough strength, she craned herself enough to look at Kylo. He'd pulled out and finished right on top of her thighs, drawing heavy breaths that almost outpaced hers. Her head plopped back down onto the mat with a thud and her eyes closing to the future that lay ahead with this man. What had she just done? Chapter 16 One month prior. "General! General!" Finn exclaimed, his voice had interludes of exasperated breath and words of news that couldn't wait to escape his lips. His eyes wide as his mouth, appearing as though his mouth had been gaped apart for a good while now. He ran up to her as well as a few other resistance members, formally known as First Order prisoners. "We're alive! You'll never guess what happened! We were all in these tiny little prisons and we were all separated and we were about to be put to death and—" "Hold on Finn!" She reached up to lay a hand on his leather-padded shoulder, seemingly surprised as much as he'd been. She needed to know exactly what'd happened. "You need to slow down and let me process what you're saying." "I'm saying that Rey rescued us. Rey by some damned miracle convinced Kylo Ren to let us go and then they put us on one of their escape pods and then we—" "Wait—" She harshly bit into his narrative. "Kylo Ren? He let you go?" "I was surprised too, General." He nodded as if he shouldn't be standing right here, right now with his comrades. "When I laid my eyes on him a few hours ago I thought… I thought I was never going to see Rey again. Or you guys. But I suppose luck was on my side today. On all our sides." Her large chocolate pools narrowed and almost enough to let a lining of water build up on her lower eyelid. She gave them all a big group welcome-hug and held them there longer than what seemed forever. She cherished every single soul because they were all truly family to her. Yet she also cherished Kylo Ren—Ben—for his mercy, as had that loathsome General Hux intervened, she'd never been able to hear the voices of her rebels ever again. She relieved them from her all-encompassing arms. "And Rey? What was she doing?" "She was standing behind him—General. She was different. The last time I'd seen her she'd been toe to toe with that Kylo Ren." Jessica Paava, the once former prisoner interrupted. "Somehow she got him to make the guards release the latch on my gate. I don't know. It was weird—Was she controlling him?" Finn's eyes widened in excitement, turning to his comrade then shifting quickly back to Organa. "I—I never thought about it that way. Could Rey be using some kind of mind trick on him?" His eyes revealed something to that of hope. A hope that wanted Rey to land her own ship right on these docks and hop right back into the hands of the resistance. "…Like a Jedi mind trick?" She laughed softly. "I doubt that. All I know is that you're all here. Alive. Maybe you haven't gone without bruises and scratches but—" "But we're still alive." Another rebel finished for her. He smiled. "We need to repay Rey somehow. She saved us." "Yeah." Jessica noted, resolve in her rigid form, but she looked around realizing something. And just then the rest of the clutter had as well. They didn't have everyone. They were still missing three more resistance members and… Poe! "Hey… guys, we uh—" "Oh heavens…" Leia paced around, grasping firmly at her temple. She bit her tongue and scanned her mind for any way out, any loop holes to get the rest of her men back. "Don't worry General…" Finn held her in solace, "I'd been able to break into their base before and I can do it again, even faster this time around. I'll find Poe and the other three we're missing. I'll snatch Rey right out of Ren's clutches if I have to!" "There's no telling what the First Order will do if they catch you again. Don't you all understand that you need to stay alive?" One of the rebel men chimed in, determined and ready to get back into a dogfight with First Order pilots. "We can sneak in. Destroy their command room, you know. The important stuff. We can blow it up and bam, we scoop 'em all up and here we'd all be back in this room like nothing happened." "Do you even know where the command room is?" The General smartly interjected, hands held fiercely at her hips. "You're all crazy for even considering such an option after everything that happened to you lot." "But it's Rey…Poe we're talking about here!" Finn begged, wanting to go on a much needed rescue mission. "You're all staying here." Her eyes hardened, hardened from years of atrocity and violence. This war needs to end. "But—" "And if I see any of you capitalize on a single transport, you'll be sure to lose any privileges to participate in this war. This is a direct order from your General. Is that understood?" They all nodded, dejected and with reluctance. … Present Day. She been laying on something hard yet cushion-y, and next to something a tad bit too warm. Her eyes fluttered in the murky air, pupils dilated from the perpetual darkness, hair strewn about, and clothes…nowhere on her body, much less to be seen. And there Kylo Ren was. Next to her. Equally as nude. With the exception of pants though. Thank god for them, it saved her from so much embarrassment. And as she glazed across his features, there was something about his face. Undisturbed, peaceful, and much too innocent for the history that portrayed him out to be. Quickly, yet taking her time to elude his limbs as to not wake the sleeping beast, she assumed a knee, crouch, and then to a standing, yet slumping posture. She needed to leave. Something made her want to leave. To not be here. She tiptoed along the cold floor and grabbed any piece of clothing she could lay her eyes on. She took a shirt, some pants, it didn't matter if it was Ren's or hers, she couldn't be prancing about the Finalizer in a birthday suit. This sleeveless shirt was supposed to be tight as she felt for the fabric, a sort of spandex knit as her arms fell through its holes, but it was obviously loose and obviously not hers. Oh well. She went for the exit she could barely perceive, eyes still adjusting to the surroundings. She reached the sealed door, her fingers lay on the key still locked and lodged in the padlock. "I wouldn't leave just yet." His heavy voice startled Rey enough into a defense-mode. She looked past her shoulder to see a rather drowsy man sitting up, leaning back on his arms for support. His raven hair looked rather unkempt, in all directions similar to a clumsy little boy that had just woken up out of bed. Well, she probably didn't look too good, either. "Why not? I can barely breathe in here." Her finger was still laying on the butt of the key. "If you leave now, chances are you'll come across Hux again. Well—" He paused, sighing. "those pet Stormtroopers of his. It would cause quite the commotion." "Well it's not like I'm breaking in. I basically work here, don't I?" "You'll arouse suspicion if you wander the hallways in the dead of night. You're supposed to be in your own quarters, as I've assured our leader you'd be. Honestly I don't even think you know the way back to your room. Do you?" "Then what? What do we do…oh wise teacher?" "I suggest we stay here until midday. Maybe noon. There won't be as many men patrolling the hallways then." "And why at that time?" She questioned, sincere curiosity in her voice. Her eyes wandered past his face and down to his sculpted chest, a red tinge rising to her cheeks. Even more after everything they've done together and that's exactly why she had to get out. She couldn't control herself around him. She found herself trying to tear her vision away and back up to his persuasive eyes. "Because that's when everyone will be eating." He slowly rose to his full height, astonishing her with the inches he had on her even now. She snorted, letting her vision leave him and reunite with the placid door. "Everyone eats at the same time? For a regime that claims all rights to tact and functionality, that seems like a pretty stupid idea to me." "Of course not. We all have our own schedules and procedures. Technicians and troopers roam these halls all alike—but because they all belong to this section of the ship; they all eat together at the same time. Which is why they leave at noon." She turned around again, furrowing her eyebrows, and her heart beat a little too hard as she noticed how close he'd gotten. He'd been so silent. "Wait...What about the men guarding the halls when we get to the next floor? And the next? Where do we even—" He smiled at the thought of her having so much worries. "Rey, you shouldn't worry about any of this. It's beneath you now. Let me handle it." He'd reached for her waist and pulled her to him, both of his hands resting on her hips. "If you wanted a better scenery, you should've called to me in your quarters. Not here." "I wasn't calling to you at all! You happened to stroll by and—" Her chest fluttered when he pulled her away from the door. "That I did. I didn't think a trained force user would be calling for help against those without the gift of sensitivity." "I could've handled Hux and the troopers all alone, you're well aware of that." She whispered harshly, annoyed, flustered at the effect he had on her. "You might have. Might've not. But—" His hot breath ghosted into her right ear, both metallic and flesh like fingers bit into her skin, his body hard against hers. "I'm quite certain you couldn't handle me ." His prosthetic hand took her jaw and guided it aside, and then, she felt his warm mouth on hers. As much as she hated to admit, this man was a pretty good kisser. He guided her footsteps back into the darkness, as if they were signifying her descent into a lower state of the force. … Rey dozed off into a blank stare, palms cushioning her chin like a hammock as she propped her elbows against the table. While waiting for the food to arrive at her table, she been thinking about what happened last night. She found it so hard to believe that it actually happened. And that reality meant admitting to the fact that he took something very special from her. But she took something from him in return. Thankfully he hadn't been here. He was off at a "mandatory conference" as he described it. It probably had something to do with Hux. She sighed. She hated him so much. And she never really had so much detest burning in her heart for someone. So much so as the thought of killing him had never really left her processes of cognition. What was wrong with her? Captain Phasma startled her with a booming voice, greeting respectfully, and sat right across from the absentminded Rey. They both sat at a fancy table… well, in a room embellished with a 'fancy-everything'. The upper ring of officials had their own dining room and to say it was fancy—would be an understatement. Well, to be frankly speaking, she'd never been a part of a lavish lifestyle in the first place. It was just the two of them and a few others that had such an enormity of space. And what they ate wouldn't be anything less of the luxury either. It was neatly grilled of what she assumed to be some beast with a heavy packing of muscle and fat, accompanied by gently stewed bean soup and actual, genuinely toasted bread. This has got to be the most delicious thing she's ever tasted. Phasma watched bare-faced, with her helmet stored away in her nearby locker, her educated manners of appetite and food-handling were apparent, while Rey hungrily chowed down without a mind for the savoring the taste. It gave away her true, uncultured origins. "Rey—" The platinum blonde woman interjected, utensils neatly situated beside plate. "If you insist on eating such a way, I might lose my appetite." She wanted to be kind and polite and the way she said them were giving all dues of respect but… it was the choice of words that portrayed her to be harsh and blunt. "I—I'm sorry." She paused, wiping her face guiltily with a napkin. Her basic tendencies from Jakku were taking over. "I just keep feeling like my food's going to run away from me, you know?" "You needn't worry of such things here." She smiled. It was a genuine one. Maybe she really wasn't like the rest of the scumbags that lived here? "So is it true? Are you really just a scavenger from that junkyard of a planet?" She looked away. Was it really that bad to be brought up in such a lifestyle? "No—no dear. I didn't mean it that way. I'm just dumbfounded—how someone as gifted as you could have roots on such a planet. There are rare-to no occurrences of force sensitive users originating from there that I—" "I wasn't born there." Rey softly answered. "I barely survived by the skin of my teeth." Her pale eyes were sincere. "It's a wonder you're still alive. May I ask how you ended up in such dire circumstances? Surely you came from a more civilized planet? Coruscant? Naboo Perhaps?" She bit into the warm, toasty, garlic-esque bread (a flavor she couldn't possibly name) and chewed with much delight. She swallowed, the time it took gave the young padawan more moments of contemplation. She continued answering the question that she herself had for the past 13 years. "I'll probably never know." "What a shame." She reached for her fork and knife and began cutting away into what she presumed a portion of the animal's breast meat and took soft and considerate bites. "Typically, force users are found within single systems. Where you find one, you might find another. Why not ask Master Ren where he's from? He might be able to help you." And then—she remembered Kylo Ren. He told her. He didn't tell her all of it, but now he's going to. He'd better. "More often than not—"Phasma noted, regaining her attention span. "An abundance of force users could be propagated by blood relations and ancestry. He might even be your brother, yet you can never possibly know unless you ask." Yeah. Right. She found herself laughing along with the captain. Obviously it was a joke. But then if he really was—she stopped suddenly. Oh god. Oh god… such an epiphany would be so bad she'd vomit all over the place. "Well Rey—" The blonde captain interrupted her train of thought once more. It was an amazing relief to know that Phasma wasn't a force sensitive herself, because if she had—she would be able to read her mind. She would be even more revolted than Rey at the revelation of such forbidden activities. "I hope you've found your home with us. You've certainly come to my liking—and I hope you'll come to mine as well." Rey smiled. She really did hope so. Chapter 17 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Phasma had already assured her goodbyes and left her there to the drumming silence of her own mind. Her hazel eyes danced around the absurdly fancy dining room, nervously focusing on one important official to the next until they all disappeared into the doorway, one by one. Her eyes then tiredly cast down her plate as it had been devoid of any crumbs whatsoever. She was certainly one to not let a single edible portion behind. Food was valuable in Jakku. Even a taste's worth. Rey tapped her nails rhythmically along the dining counter and without a care in the world. She'd been getting impatient. Where was he? She needed to know. Now. The sudden enthusiasm was wrought upon her by a simple word of mouth and now all she had was the slightest of willpower left to keep her seated in this chair. She was told to stay here until called upon—but following such a simple task would leave her fidgeting and restless. Hearing a faint scrape of metal against itself, she turned an elbow and slid along the back of her chair so that she was given a clear view of the entrance to the dining hall. Her sight centered on the lone door. Rey's first thought was to catch a tall man waiting for her there in the doorway so she could leave finally leave this damn cafeteria. And when she waited for the door to creak open entirely, her eyes only met with those of another highly valued officer of the First Order. She was a strictly pale, black haired woman and her attire composed of entirely black, a stern composure and a black beret as a cherry to top it all off. Everyone on this ship was so ghostly pale. So ethereal. Were they even real people? Did they even bother to experience life outside the vacuum of space? She swore that if Hux was a woman, he would be this striking woman, the one walking towards her so haughtily. Their eyes connected for a second too long so Rey decided to break their line of sight. She rose on her feet, soreness crept up her bum and thighs. Their bordering movements caused a kinetic force of air to brush along each other's sides as they headed into opposite directions. The woman had been a little too close for comfort. She had a gut feeling about something. Something bad. Just as her hand reached for the handle, churning downward, another foreign, cold, gloved hand tightly gripped her free wrist. The sudden interaction caught Rey off guard enough to prompt her dominance through an impeccable force-shove. She quickly glanced back at the female officer with a look of contempt splashed all over her features, more than ready to spout back any slanders thrown toward her. "Miss Rey, you seem to have forgotten your plate." Her heart beat that had once been racing, was now slowing down in a sudden realization of things. Her eyes travelled towards the trash she left behind on the counter. She laughed nervously and a walked back past the seemingly harmless woman. "Ah—Sorry. I completely forgot. I'll throw it away right now." And when all things were said and done, she ended up in the lifeless and intricate set of hallways that made up the Finalizer. She wandered aimlessly and strangely, past any and every storm trooper without a single suspicious glance glued to her back. Thankfully. … "Hux." His heavy voice droned through that entrancing helmet of his. "What is this about?" He asked, even though he'd known exactly what this situation had entailed. They had been standing peacefully—their warring minds at bay—and alongside one another on the walkway of their dear Supreme Leader's throne room, waiting for his hologram to appear in expectant grandeur. "You know exactly why we're here." Hux snapped back, daring not to take a peek at Kylo Ren's direction. "You're going to tell our leader that you led the prisoners away. You. Not I—" "Does it matter?" Kylo retorted coldly, "You make such a nuisance out of things. More than they're really worth." "I had to sacrifice my time for you—three years." He spat back, a long-lasting grudge revealing itself from the back of his groaning throat. "I've wasted three years of my life, so that you can get your damned prize. But what about me? What about my prisoners? As soon as you have yours, you dare lay my rabbits out of their cages?" Kylo also did not give him the respect of acknowledgement. He continued to set his sights ahead, where Snoke was soon about to appear above. "Do you need to be briefed on that mission once more? We've got what we came for. And she's already far more valuable than the resistance will ever be." "Is she really?" The redhead felt lurking irritation as it was elevating to a level not acceptable in the presence of their well-regarded lord. His sharp intake of breath was enough to cool him down. "We would've gotten vital information extracted. Eight rebellion members. Eight we had on board you damned fool. That scavenger had been in isolation with Skywalker for the good of the past three years. What could she possibly provide? Loyalty ?" He was lucky to be alive, calling a Sith Lord such names. If Snoke wasn't there—as the puppet master he really was—Hux would be a dead man. A very dead man. "Yes. A knight she is to become, Commander." "You have more than enough knights." He wanted to turn and look at him. But didn't. Snoke would appear soon enough and he wanted to appear more than ready to expose this fraud of a commander. "Honestly, I don't know what you see in that girl. She's clearly weak. Useless. A waste of time. A liability—" He sighed at how difficult this damned student of his was, how hard he worked to entertain both the Supreme Leader and the woman wound tightly around his fingertips. But why? Why didn't he just kill them and be done with it? And not tell Rey despite her enthusiastic desire to believe in him? Couldn't he have lied and avoided this regrettable situation entirely? But really, in the grand scheme of things. It was for Rey. He let those resistance men go home… to please her. And he wanted to do it the right way. He didn't want lie. And he really never did. He was always so brutal, unpredictable, unsympathetic… but really never a liar. And now she was slowly undoing the rest of him as he strove to prove he could really be trusted. "Dare you say that before my pupil?" His drumming voice challenged, the air between them irately dense and problematic. "Gladly. I'll do it even with her neck trapped underneath a guillotine plank and all my soldiers watching as her head flies right off. Perhaps she should be thrown into the bare vacuum of space? Perhaps electrocuted by the Supreme Leader himself?" "You're so brave without the posse you so proudly hide behind—and why threaten her life? Why not threaten mine?" He noted casually as he himself had been struggling enough to not force choke this clown of a man. The general was silent. But that silence was more than answer in Ren's eyes, it was a gateway to the scared little coward that shrunk in the shadow of his soldiers. He snorted hotly and continued with the proud arrogance that ran in his heavy voice. "As I've mentioned before…those men had not been worthy enough to waste the space of our prison cells." "They were going to die anyway." Hux hissed, incredulity ringing with each murmur of word. "What could have possibly spurred you on to act in such a way?" "As I've said. They are a waste of resource." "That doesn't give you permission to let the men I've worked so hard to capture to simply walk out with their cuffs unclasped." Hux grappled with his thoughts once more, harshly interrupting. "Have you gone insane?" "Not at all." Ren replied evenly. "Clearly no one on this ship is as far gone as you are, General Hux." "How dare you—" Hux challenged, quite on the brink of explosion. His voice ceased respectively in the presence of their dear lord as his holographic image flickered into existence. The two figures bowed within the spotlight, despite such a heated conversation occurring seconds beforehand. "My two most influential wards—bickering amongst one another." The cracking voice inquired between their silence, "Is this the legacy I lay for my order?" From such an enlarged projection, neither one of the men could tell who he'd been looking at with such contempt and scorn. His wrinkled and ghostly face, impeccably old but never seeming to age anymore when emerged into sight. "What is it that you two need now?" "Supreme Leader." Hux gracefully pronounced, returning to full height. "It has come to my attention, that Commander Ren no longer sees a future with the First Order." In shock, he turned immediately toward Hux in such a supercilious accusation. Hux felt the eyes of Kylo Ren stabbing into his left cheek. Even through his mask. "He continues to defy orders set by you. We have witnessed it both, we have seen how he had allowed for the droid to escape into the hands of the Resistance. He highhandedly destroyed one of our bases in an attempt to find one girl. One girl." What? It was because of Hux's embarrassing line of defense that failed to protect against the Resistance invasion that led to the explosion of their intricate skeleton of a base. It was his fault, his liabilities that caused the unforeseen loss of that particular battle. However, Ren remained silent and allowed Hux to make a fool of himself. "He carelessly redeployed the rebel men that I've captured and sent them back to D'Qar. Their heads remaining on their shoulders as they fly around the intergalactic space with their lives ensured by the very man that stands before you." Hux heedlessly pointed a finger at Ren like the belligerent little school bully he was. "They are all alive…because of him ." Snoke sighs, slow and lingering breath in Hux's laborious attempt to defraud his apprentice. His head turns toward Kylo Ren. "Is this true?" He nodded. "I saw no valuable outcome had they remained on this ship. And now my student remains devoted to our cause." "One life is not worth the value of eight others…Supreme Leader. We could've gotten critical information had they remained on board." Hux rudely interjected, stepping forward slightly in his form. "My General—you are fretting about something so impossibly frivolous. Rey, the scavenger as we all may refer her—is a force sensitive. She is far more valuable than the enemy commander herself. General Organa..." His grunge voice left a terrible resonance in their ears, continuing with a chastising voice as a father would to a whining child. "But Supreme Leader, he—" "Silence, General!" His booming voice reverberated throughout the domed symposium. "Do you not recall the sole purpose of your collaborative mission with Kylo Ren? The scavenger was to be retrieved—nothing more nothing less." "But he—" "You dare interrupt me? Your Supreme Leader?" His mental capacity and sheer weight was boring into the General's skull with horrible intensity. He felt all his barriers breaking down in the wake of this impeccable monstrosity, a being worse than even Kylo Ren. The Sith Lord's use of the force was nothing compared to Snoke even from such a gaping distance. It was so damn painful that he had a hard time concentrating on a single strand of thought. "You are still nothing more than a child. Even Ren—even he has more control than you do. Need I demote you now after all you have done for me?" He sunk to his hands and knees beneath all the impeding gravity shoved down on his shoulders, his body struggling to be a single configuration. From his peripheries, however, Hux could tell Ren was glaring down at him with his nose in the air, despite his lingering silence. He hated this man so much. But he couldn't win. He wasn't the favorite . "Yes, master." He struggled to respond. "Good." His voice was drone out. The word was more than enough of a relief as he felt the pressure lift as soon as the last sound left his mouth. Hux snapped back to his feet and straightened his clothing through all its rumpled ridges and clothing shoved far past his chest. He bowed as if nothing had happened and turned for the other way. Without a second thought, he headed back for the light-lined silhouette of the door and disappeared into the nothingness that it displayed. Despite all the drama Hux had caused, Ren stood patient, obedient, and silent towards the Supreme. Just as he'd been groomed to be. He was glorified now. Wise and preeminent enough to have his own to teach, but in the end… the woman would serve as a final test. An instrumentality. A stepping stone to truly be recognized as the Supreme, he would soon assume his position as the next commanding dark lord. He would finally lay an ageless legacy for the many years to come. He would become the one . The one who built the First Order upon the ashes of the Empire. The one who had been responsible for the eradication of the Jedi Order. The one who had taken control of the Sith and aggrandized their control over the entire galactic civilization. His name... it would forever be stained in history books for the millenniums to come. Snoke's voice yet again startled the apprentice standing before him, decaying and hoarse in all its age. "Kylo Ren." His head bowed respectably, he responded without a hint of emotion. "Yes, master." "You did not release the men because you wanted to please the scavenger, did you?" He was silent. Even his silence, however, was not enough to deter the supreme dark lord from piercing his mind. "I see. I can sense your desire for longing. Your desire to be accepted… by the girl. Is it stronger than your hunger for power? For absolution?" "No—" He impulsively bit back, "I only want her devotion to the First Order. To the Knights of Ren. That is all." "Or is it devotion to you , Kylo Ren?" Snoke's imagine was moldering in the light as he wondered aloud. "Why must you go through such trouble to establish your authenticity? Why must the girl be brought along as you free her friends…the enemy of the First Order?" It wasn't a surprise that he skimmed over such a memory. Regardless, he persisted on with his testimony. "It's as you've instructed me, wise leader, seeing how an absolute allegiance of a force sensitive would serve us quite a comparable advantage over the Resistance. I only wanted to lure her over to our side. To the dark side." "How very interesting, Kylo Ren. Your reports of her consistency among our ranks have not been interrupted by treason. Now I can see why." Ren was only silent. "And still she hints nothing of becoming treasonous?" The old being inquired, wondering what his response would be. "I have observed her for a prolonged duration and I've deemed her trustworthy myself. She is belted down to our philosophies, wise leader. I am sure of it." "Good." Ren could see the grip of his frail hand tighten around his arm rest. "General Hux is only a man who wants to outshine others. He does not do it for his own personal gain, but rather a man who paves a road of deceit to the top of the food chain… I realize that now. But you—" His voice croaking in the dripping silence, "You, Kylo Ren. You do it so that you may relish in the rewards of personal ambition. You do it out of your own desire for power. You desire to soak in the darkness. You want to embrace it. You want to control it. You care not of your image, but rather the result of your feats." Snoke paused, letting the cherished apprentice of his ponder his words closely. "I do not understand, wise leader." Kylo Ren politely inquired, the face of his helmet inclined up towards his master. "Why are you telling me this?" "My child...my child of the force. I will not last much longer. I want you—Kylo Ren. I want you to succeed my title as the Supreme Leader ." He leaned forward in his chair, passionate and quite sure of his decision enough to speak it aloud. "General Hux is not capable of such responsibilities. He is a weak man. He is neither a force sensitive nor has he matured enough to become my sole legacy as you have, an outcome I have not foreseen three years ago." "Master." He dropped to his knees in complete and utter shock. Why was he saying this now? What was to become of him? Was he ready to control an entire empire? His mind was swirling with uncertainties and doubts. "Do not revert back to the frightened little boy as I've first discovered you. You are not Ben Solo anymore; you are now Kylo Ren. You are a Sith Lord. A commander of the First Order." "I… I am deeply honored, but I—" "No. You will be commandeering the forces of a hundred thousand men, conquering and destroying planets by the thousands with the simple flick of your wrist. Do you not desire such a thing? Do you not seek to control such a formidable force as it lay directly under your fingertips?" "Master, I have nothing but the utmost respect for you. However, I do think that I am too young and unexperienced to control such a large army." His heart pounded vigorously at such a proposition being thrown at him. In no way, shape or form did he suspect this would ever happen. He really just assumed the he would exist solely as a hitman, a man to depend on for the extremities that the First Order would encounter as they triumphed over civilizations throughout the galaxy. He never really expected it to go this far. "Are you not doing so already? What is so problematic about the title I am bestowing down upon you? Tie yourself to the force. The dark side. You must let your fears be the fuel to the flame that is your power—this is what I have been preparing you for. Your entire training had been revolved around this. Do you understand what I'm saying?" "I understand." He said reluctantly. He felt like the Supreme Leader was regurgitating everything that he himself had preached to Rey. How ironic. "Excellent. Despite the many obstacles you have faced, you have ultimately overcome them." He was right. But where he was now—it had been nothing without the countless mistakes he had made over the past decade. But was he really so perfect as the Supreme Leader perceived him to be? And just as though he had read his thoughts, Snoke continued in his raspy voice. "There is one final test, but I will leave that for when I truly deem you ready. When you are fully red and ripened—that is when you ascend the throne." His voice cracked and his hologram flickering, signaling his eminent departure. The illuminance that the Supreme Leader had eclipsed returned as the creature faded away, leaving him to shower in its glowing light. "Only time will tell. Farewell my child." "Farewell…master." He murmured long after he'd been gone. Kylo Ren was frozen on his knees amid the chain of seats in the assembly room, lone on the speaker's pedestal, and his mask laying its sights on the high ceiling. … Rey's feet tapped lightly along the metallic floor ways, winding and circling for what seemed like hours around this maze of ship. Really…though. How many floors did it take before she made it safely back to her room? Heavens… what if she encountered Hux again? What kind of sight would that have been? She cringed. It wouldn't be a pretty one. As she rounded a corner, she detected quite a suspicious pounding of footsteps. Certainly not the uniformed march of the storm troopers that patrolled the hallways, but rather a hurried rush in the opposite direction. Who could possibly be running away from her? Rey wouldn't dare harm a fly…unless it was that stupid Hux. She held her breath and jogged after it, knowing that her master wouldn't be too pleased to find his student so far off from the original drop-off point. After chasing for a good minute or two, she decided to cut off the trample of footsteps by rounding another forked partition that eventually led to the same storage room. It was a shortcut, the woman smiled. She'd been here long enough to know the general network of hallways were mirrored from floor to floor. The horizontal plane was now near enough to reveal the dead end in which the storage room was in. The door left a tiny gaping line of darkness, and as Rey neared, she wondered if getting closer to it would be a good idea anymore. Stormtroopers wouldn't hide away like that. Obviously they were stowaways. Fortunately for them, she was more than willing to cooperate. One large stride was all it took for a stray blaster shot to go off. Rey, through the use of the force, was able to predict where it would land and swayed aside, breath catching up to her throat. Another went off in panic but Rey managed to duck and dive right along the sleek floors, her hair in tangled and in messy disproportion. "Wait—" She choked out and jumped to a desperate sprint towards the door. She hoped to the Gods that they wouldn't blast her legs right from underneath her body. She honestly didn't want to do any more harm than good here. She wanted to help them. Her voice was screaming out in an almost whisper, but it was loud as well. "I know you two aren't storm troopers, I'm not going to report you. Just listen to me!" There were a few seconds where the blasters allowed her a sense of reprieve, the intruders were obviously mulling over her plea with consideration. However, one moment of hesitation was more than enough for Rey as she swung the door right open. The lights shot on with a quick swipe of her hand against the side switch as she struggled her way inside. "Who—who are…" She paused, her eyes glazing along the faces of those familiar to her. A man and woman that she'd seen before. They were wearing stark white trooper uniforms but their heads were all entirely bare and exposed. "Why are you two…still here?" She croaked almost knocked back with the sight of two recognizable faces. "Rey… Rey is that you?" One of the rebels wondered, his eyes widened, lowering the blaster at his side. So he'd been the one shooting so recklessly at her. "Of course it's me. Who else would I be?" She noted incredulously, irritation setting on her skin knowing two of the rebels she supposedly freed were still on board. What in their right minds made them want to stay here? She certainly didn't. Or did she? "We're sorry…Rey!" The disheveled woman pleaded, "We didn't realize you'd be wearing all black. And your hair looks different that we just—" "Never mind me." She interrupted, quick in shutting the door to suppress any suspicious conversation they were going to have. Her back pressed hard against the metallic face so that no one would occasionally peek in…just for good measure. Her hands rested for support against two leveled storage shelves opposite of one another from the door in order to block anyone who could break in, her breathing hard and steady. "But now isn't the time to be sorry. What in heavens are you doing here? You two should be on D'qar. You two should be sitting in Resistance headquarters and Leia should be having a cup of tea with the both of you right now!" "We know. But we just couldn't let such an opportunity pass up, Rey." She whispered enough of an audible distance, maybe a few inches away. "When you made us get on that transport… we were glad. Really—we were. But we couldn't simply run away when such vital information would fall through our fingers. We just couldn't." "Which is why you're wearing storm trooper uniforms…" She continued in a sudden epiphany. "But why? Finn and the rest got onto the escape pods. Why couldn't you two?" The two Resistance pilots looked at each other and back toward Rey, as if she were missing some small and vital piece to this unanticipated situation. The male rebel added to his own dismay, "Well…Rey. Poe stayed with us too." "He what!?" She shrieked, then lowered her voice once again. "Do you all realize how hard it was to convince a Sith Lord to let you all go? Your lives are at stake here!" "Well we—" The girl wanted to say something but was immediately interrupted. "You were going to be killed…" She hissed, "General Hux would have hung you by the noose if you'd still been in your cages last night!" "Rey—" The girl pleaded. Relief found its way within the Resistance members when they realized she hadn't turned traitor just yet. Not even when she was being so deeply entangled with the enemy. Her anger at such disregard for their own lives, this told the two that she still cared for the past—her friends, it was how she knew Rey was still sane. Still an allegiant of the Resistance. "All we need are helmets. Poe went off looking for some… but now we have no idea where he is." She sighed. What was to become of them? She didn't want to know. She glared at the two reckless friends of hers down with quite the censure. "I'm pretty sure if you were able to find these suits then you'd be able to find the matching headgear. You were able to survive the past month somehow, haven't you?" "Well… we did. But when a servant droid strolled by last night, it had stolen the helmets we'd left near our barracks for inspection. And now…" The girl paused, regret in her voice. "Now we're out of luck." The man looked at his pilot companion and back towards Rey. "We can't sneak around anymore like we've been the past four weeks." "I wonder whose fault that was." She quipped, then heard something faint enough to stop all her breathing. She listened closely and her ear against the door so she could detect any oncoming figures. Nothing. She continued again, quietly. "And? Did you find anything? Please tell me you found something—" They were both silent. "Rey… I know you did this because you wanted us to be free. But we want to contribute to the Resistance in some way and when we get the information we need—we want to do what is right." The male rebel added, resolve in his voice. "We can't run away anymore. We want to fight." "You two don't get it…do you? I have to stay. I need to. The first order doesn't want the Resistance…they want me . They want me because of their insane need to turn anyone they can toward the dark side. They want to turn me into a powerhouse—a tool they're going to throw away once my strength is completely sapped away." The female rebel put a soothing hand on her shoulder. "We know." "What do you mean , you know? What the hell is going on?" "General Organa had known what was to come. She planned everything." Her eye brows furrowed, confusion seeping its way into her features. "She what?" She sounded sympathetic and sorry, and horrible for saying this but it needed to be done. "She planned it all to be a decoy. Her soldiers. And you—you Rey." "Me? As a decoy? I don't…understand." How could General Leia do such a thing? She was…she was… "She did nothing but the best for us all. If she believes her son will come back, then so be it." "What are you talking about? What son?" The woman was beyond perplexed. And then… it suddenly dawned on her as soon as the female rebel answered her question. "Kylo Ren. General Organa is his mother…sadly." She announced in short statements, as if it would be easier for her to comprehend. "You didn't know that?" "Well… I knew Han Solo was his father but—" She murmured softly. "Master Skywalker didn't tell you?" He asked, a bit surprised at the Jedi's secrecy. Or possibly the embarrassment that resulted from speaking about such a forbidden topic. Common sense, she mentally berated herself. He did discuss with her about Ben Solo and that he was his nephew. But Rey completely forgot that the General was his sister that she… Oh. For some god-awful reason she couldn't possibly connect the two together. "But…" She continued and her voice softening. "But why?" "We can't say for sure." The male rebel concluded. "But all we know is that she has faith in you Rey. We don't know why she did this but—we have faith. And so should you." She was silent. Was there some proprietary mission that she'd been given? She sighed and gave up on the matter, not bothering to stress over something so unbearably complex. There was too much going on at the moment to question the past, whatever Leia's original strategy was. Or hope. As listless as this all was, time was running out and Rey was sure that the next rotation of guards were going to do a scheduled check around here pretty soon. It was too quiet and empty, for far too long. "You two need to get out. Now." "We can't…Rey." The female dragged on, "We need to find files… a map, blue prints—we need to get an idea on the infrastructure of this ship." She paused and wondered what these two foolhardy rebels were planning on doing. Surely it wouldn't be an idea of their own? Or was it Leia's? "Don't tell me—" "We're going to blow it up." The two spoke in unison. "But you can't—who's idea was this?" She inquired, her heartbeat racing. "Ours…just now. Well, it was actually Poe's. But we're helping him out because it's the right thing to do." "But there are innocent people on board! You can't just blow a ship like this up with only the three of you! It's ten times larger than—" "Rey, no matter how large a weapon of a ship this is, no matter how formidable, everything has a weakness. This fortress is impregnable from the outside but is virtually defenseless within. All we have to do is coordinate ourselves and closely follow the schemes—bam. It's going implode on itself, like every other Deathstar before its time." "I—" "Don't tell me you want these murderer's alive? These people swore allegiance to the First Order." Both of her hands hooked onto her bare shoulders and steadied her vision so that she'd be fully paid attention to. "They've destroyed planets by the dozens—peaceful citizens that had nothing to do with us. Some of them never even heard of the Resistance, not once in their lives." Truthfully, Rey didn't want anyone to die. No one deserved to. Not Phasma, not the female officer that passed by her in the cafeteria, not the Stormtroopers who had families of their own…waiting for them to return to their nearby galaxies, and certainly not Kylo Ren. She had to swallow hard to admit such a terrible truth. "The innocent were just caught in the crossfires that held no judgement for the wicked, but only the thirst for blood." She continued with swaying expressions. "Do you really want to protect these people?" "Alright." She interrupted. Rey didn't need any more persuasion to know just what the First Order was capable of. She was well aware of the dictatorship it had really portrayed in its deep underbelly. She caved into their destructive plans and felt something terrible rise to the pit of her stomach. "Just—never mind. How are you even planning to get things started? How are you even going to contact Leia? Does she even know?" "We're working on that right now." She nodded reluctantly. Yeah. They didn't know. She wouldn't dare think of the future as of yet. A future filled with explosions and thousands upon thousands of lives being stolen in the blink of an eye. She turned toward the metallic entrance and pulled down the handle, pushing the door open to a slight crack, her lone eye surveying the territory for troopers. "Alright. I've got a pretty good idea where the surveillance cameras were placed and all its blind spots. Just follow me." "What about Poe?" The male Resistance pilot whispered, a bit worried for their comrade. It was entirely possible that he could have been caught by now. "You know him better than I do." Rey noted, chin turned aside to address the male. She closed the door again to substantiate plans. They needed to know what to do before heading out into trouble. Rey could risk losing her position—even her life—if she heedlessly decided to sneak around the base with two convicted prisoners at an arms-length. "You tell me—and I'll lead you there." "Well…" The woman started, pondering greatly of where the first class pilot could've gone. Notes: Do you have an idea what Snoke has in store for Kylo Ren's final ascension? If you're thinking it has something to do with Rey, you're pretty damn right. Confusing? Yeah? No? Let me know what you think. Also, let me know what kind of chapter names I could assign to the first few chapters I have down. I feel as though having simply "Chapter 1, 2, 3" is really boring. I'll take any suggestions. Thanks guys :) Chapter 18 Notes: I've decided to alter my writing style slightly. I found that it is much more fluid as I reread and it's generally a more appealing story. Hope you all can adjust! A bit of a short chapter but ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ Anyway, enjoy. Rey stands before a mirror and deeply stares at her own features. Kylo was going to figure out she wasn't at the cafeteria anymore, but that was his fault for neglecting her for so long. She decides to comb her hair out and leaves it parted down the middle. And as she'd expected him to, he came bursting through her door without much of her regard for his entry. She felt the chastisement burning the air as she sees his black shadow in the mirror's reflection. She hears the hiss of his helmet being removed and him setting it gently atop the console table. "I told you to stay in the lounge." He flatly says as his form is rigidly tall before her doorframe. "I wouldn't call it a lounge." She dares not look and tightly holds the brush in hand. She couldn't slip up now, as Ren is practically asking for a mind to peruse. "If only you'd have waited I would have come to fetch—" Fetch? "I'm not your little pet Kylo Ren." "I would've come for you." He corrects himself and realizing his poor choice of words. "What's wrong? Why are you so angry with me?" She proclaims lowly. "I had to find the way back on my own, and you already know how bad I am with directions." "I know that's not it, Rey." She hears him snort disapprovingly. "Why are you lying to me? I can already sense your discomfort through the bond." Great. That bond again. She makes brief eye contact with his through the mirror but jumps back to the reflection of her own, hoping to avoid any investigation on his part. Rey continues to comb through knots in her brown blend of locks and decides not to make a connection. If he were to happen upon her thoughts and discover that there had been stowaways there'd be— "There's what?" Rey ceases all movement and stares into the dresser directly below her mirror, choosing not to say a word. He managed to do it. "Rey." He says mindfully, he was still standing there behind the girl. "You need to tell me what's going on." "Nothing." She says. "I told you to stop reading my thoughts." Her eyes do not make eye contact with his through the reflection. Ren only sees the hood of her orbs through his perspective. "You do a tremendous job in placing a mental barriers and I do applaud you for that. But now is the time to tell me what's going on." "My thoughts are mine and mine alone." She mumbles, tightly holding the handle. His mind is on land and she tries with all her might to not let anything surface the shores. She feels his hand encompass hers and gently pulls the brush out of her finger tips. "Rey… my lovely Rey." He sighs tiredly. "You should know by now that we can't hide anything from each other anymore." She feels his hands take hold of her shoulders and rotate so that she could face him directly. If she makes eye contact, it is easier for Ren to get into her mind. It was an understanding she was able to grasp through their generous time together. She doesn't look at him. But when his prosthetic fingers grip her chin and pull upward, she found it hard not to stare directly into his eyes. She is startled and taken back by the sudden change of color in his irises. They were a dimmed golden brown interwoven with hints of orange, like spokes on a wheel. It was strange looking at something relatively normal about him for once. Kylo notices her reaction and furrows his eyebrows, he waits for her to say something. "Ren… your eyes. Why are they—" Rey sees that he has trouble grasping her words and looks past her and into the mirror. His eyes bounce curiously across his reflection and in examination of his own features. Having a gradient of orange and yellow eyes were an indication that someone aligned along the dark side, and distinctively a master of the forbidden arts. Kylo Ren was a Sith Lord, and that was to be expected, but now they resemble General Organa's loving chocolate eyes more than anything else. "Are you…" She wonders aloud. Was there something that she'd been glazing over? Something she's missing? And for once—her mind was finally able to close off from him. It was a chance and the opportune moment to place a heavy emphasis on something flickering inside. A little glow of light that sparked ever so lightly within the deepest chasms of his obscured soul. Something was telling her that she could turn it all around. A complete 180. A change; all-embracing of his extremes. Maybe he hadn't been so bad as everyone had cracked him up to be. So she thought—everyone deserved a chance. Even someone like him. He turns his back on the dresser and meets with her lingering gaze once more. "Nothing about me has changed." His reaction seems too forced. He knows what she is thinking without the blessing of mind intrusion. She never really noticed, but now she could detect a few birthmarks by his eyes and one above his mouth. They strangely enhanced his mingling expressions. His raven wisps of hair gently hug his cheeks and cruise back to the nape of his neck in delicate folds. His scar glares back at her, and a reminder of the atrocity she once allowed herself to commit. "But I do love that you're worried about me." "I'm not worried about you." She bothers not to look back at him, a smidgen of embarrassment in her voice. But it is mostly reminiscent of a sharp remark. "I just—" "No matter." His smile widens at the corners and both hands reach for her gently parted hair, tucking some strands behind both ears. He continues reassuringly with a tone in his voice that no other soul in the galaxy had the pleasure of hearing. "No matter how you present yourself, you always find a way to impress me with your beauty." She dares not look at him now, the redness prominently spreading to each freckled cheek. "And you're not even trying." He whispers and his now fleshly hand passionately cups her cheek and the warmth of his body heat spreading like wild fire. She unravels her body from his and makes way to present Kylo Ren's own helmet to him. He can sense her disconcertion through the bond and lets his hand slump aside, saving her a kiss for another time. Rey was willing to do anything to get his mind off the topic she so terribly hid from his probing thoughts. "Take me to your knights." She demands uncharacteristically. "I want to meet them." His gaze disconnects from hers and roams the bland room, as if he were considering the option in the foreseeable future. His ginger colored eyes reunite with her nervous ones in conclusion to his roaming thoughts. "You're not ready yet." "I'm not ready? Who cares whether or not I'm ready. Its already been more than a month and I'm tired of waiting." She counters and holds his helmet against his chest eagerly. "How do you expect me to be your student when I'm not even allowed to meet the others?" Miraculously, she convinces him mere yet effective selection of words. But in reality, Rey knows that those knights are undoubtedly just as sour as any other heartless murderer of the First Order. She retracts on urges of regret and restlessness as the two pace briskly through the hallways, the training barracks as the end point in mind. … Rey experiences an immediate shock. It is strange and overwhelming, a handshake that sent tremors through her skin. Unknowingly the knight led Rey to feeling each end of her hairs standing up in a chilling memory of something she had not particularly found pleasant. A recurring dream it was—or was it a nightmare? "Rey?" Ren's voice murmurs through the haze, and from the feel of it, she could tell her constitution was already crumbling away at the feet. The dark and murky skies are filled with nothing else but the violent turbulence of rain. Her mind prances about the scenery in panic, her arms struggling to remain as her body's support in the shifting mud. A familiar prosthetic grips onto a familiar droid. Images and recollections these were. Of things she had already seen before. And now she realizes that it was not Kylo Ren's hand—but of her former Master…Luke Skywalker. And that droid was his. As his metallic splay of fingers lay upon his droid, she could sense even through his gentle touch that what had just occurred was not something to be taken lightly. Was this… was this when? She is now on the ground and desperately glaring up at man so extremely similar to the one who greeted her. And instead of a simple greeting gesture, it is a sword threatening to strike down on her cowering and injured form. His attire is black and menacing, similar to that of the many that tarry in a cluster behind. Her eyes wide and her mouth slack, and all her body is trying to say is 'move.' She lays there as a remarkably helpless little girl. As she had this dream many times before, she expects the saber of Kylo Ren to impale his chest and render it lifeless. This time it did not happen. In a sudden spur of reflexes, she decides to crawl back and pull her body through the mud by the muscle of her already fatigued arms. Her legs hang feebly behind, and mud encasing the entire front side of body in thick layers—sinking her in enough to make her choke out the grime through each movement. Despite the turmoil that surrounds her, Rey decides to look past her shoulder to understand why nothing had attacked her yet. Instead of the knight that took it upon himself to put her on his hit list, it is Kylo Ren instead. He stands at her feet with his cross guard spurring powerfully at his hip. She could hear Snoke's voice luring Kylo toward the fallen Jedi, telling him to go on. Kill her. Her eyes widened. Kill her and achieve ascension. She could hear his voice reverberate through the back of Kylo Ren's mind. "No…" Rey shifts now on back palms, the front of her facing the man seduced so far into the dark side that he was willing to aim his lightsaber at her. His student. His mask is unmoving, it looks down at Rey like he wants to do it. She crawls backward as an injured crab would, keeping her sights on him but struggles to move away as soon as he takes another step. There are no moments of spite and no words of relief, only an emotionless servant of the Dark Side. She lends out a chilling scream into the air. …. Rey runs out the training barracks in an obvious panic and finds a hallway that no one ever bothers to visit. Somehow, she ends up in the same closet as the one when she'd stumbled across the two Resistance pilots. She slams the door and lets her body heave against the surface, allowing the blackness of the room to seep in her senses. She closes her eyes and realizes that the Darkness was warping her judgement. It was getting her emotional—all riled up. She can't become someone like him. She can't let it take over. She hears a knock on the door and assumes it to be none other than Ren's. The only one alive who could track down a nimbly disguised scavenger such as herself. "Rey…" His soft voice murmurs, although urgent in his need of Rey. He wants her to bare her soul to him. "Open the door." "Can't you ever leave me alone?" She harshly announces and fists tightly balling at the sides. "You know I can't do that." He continues, his muffled voice travels through the wall to her unwilling ears. "Not after everything you've been through—we've been through." "And after everything, you're just going to kill me." She bites back, anger and an obvious swelling of tone in her voice and her tears ready to spill over her freckled cheeks. She continues softly to herself. "After everything…" "What in your right mind makes you accuse me of such—" "Because I saw it in a vision. The Force does not lie to me, Kylo Ren." She interrupts, bitter and reproachful in her replies. "The Supreme Leader wants you to do away with me as if I were another one of your enemies. Am I just a stepping stone to you?" "Open the door. Right now." He demands, the gall in her accusation was quite palpable. "You're asking for a side you don't want to see…Rey." "I think I've already have. I'll probably see worse when I—" "I'm not going to 'do away' with you. The Leader does not want to 'do away' with you." His hand pulls at the handle but the door does not budge. "No one does. You are safe and sound within these walls as far as I'm concerned." "Am I really?" She questions, perplexed with which questions she really wanted to ask. "Am I going to be safe when your own knight plunges a sword through my heart?" "Don't be ridiculous." He pulls at the door. He can sense her mind swimming in turmoil. Distrust, instability, a fluctuation between two opposing sides. These were the feelings he explored through their bond. "No one is going to kill you. And even if they want to, are you not a capable warrior? Are you not one to uphold strength and vigor of the battlefield? Are you not an allegiant of the Force, superior against an opponent who wills to do away with you?" Once a Padawan of Luke Skywalker, now she is simply a student of Kylo Ren. Someone who has had a taste of both the good and the bad. One who experienced all colors of the spectrum. Not many can say so for themselves. Not someone like her. "Even when that opponent is you?" She counters as a frost was laden in her words. If she were to go up against a someone who had mastered the dark arts, even if she had beaten him before, such an outcome would not be in her favor anymore. Not without such advantages fate had generously laid out for her in the past. Not when her training had been slow and sluggish under Skywalker. Not when he had been pampered to be commander of the First Order all his life. "I'm not going to kill you Rey." He reassures and now pulling at the door she allowed for to be opened. He takes her in his arms, the mess of brown locks balling up in his unrelenting hold, and he feels her tears soaking through the fabric on his chest. "Not after everything it took to get you back. Not after how long it took to find you." There is a nostalgic undertone to his words. Rey could not put her finger on it, but she feels the regret and shame through the river that is his mind. She senses a deep lingering hate, one that lingers for himself. Not others—but of his actions alone. She cried into his arms that day—the first of many. Chapter 19 Notes: Hey guys! Just letting you know that I've added about 2.5k + worth of words to chapters 9-12 I seriously suggest you reread Ch. 9 if you want more of Rey's perspective on when she's carried aboard the Finalizer (for the second time!). Update: If you want to know what I've been listening to while writing this smutty chapter, listen to Falling - Opia. Thank me later ;) (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Two months have passed by and no further word of the two Resistance pilots had reached her ears. She strode cautiously behind Kylo Ren as they made their way to the training room, her head swaying side to side to catch any particular storm trooper in mind. It wasn't until she walked into a rather large man, that she realized her mind has been drifting along the shores. Her face lands in his back, a black mess of robes, and she groans with the painful collision. "Ah—ouch." She grips her face. Her hazelnut hair elegantly cascaded down the curvature of her spine and in dire need of a new haircut. Lone strands of hair loosely fell from the lobby of her ears and curled slightly downward, the top of her head still sported by a neatly bunned wad of locks. Her outfit was as starkly black as the man standing before him, habitually droned out in wraps and belts as always. However, Kylo Ren had a minor adjustment to his attire—donning an armored chestpiece that splayed out in two blossoming petals, overlaying a smaller robe, and of course, the parted pants of his legs underneath. His menacing display of metal for an arm—thanks to her—it was still ever present underneath his right sleeve. He looked slightly more menacing this way, more than he already was. He argued that the armor had done him more justice on the battlefield, compared to a measly cloth that would cover his body without any protection whatsoever. And honestly, she felt shrunken in his presence. She felt that if gained even an inch or two, his helmet would hit the top sill of door frames as they entered and left any room. "If you need to say something then say it." Nope. Nope she had nothing to say. Not with the secret she had. She shook her head as inconspicuously as she could and kept at an unsuspicious visage. Rey tries to think of a topic—anything really. Then, her mind on a fast-paced rewind stops on the memory of their battle. He created illusions—a false conception of reality that had once caused her stress. She remembered how he created sparks of explosions and a memory implanted in her brain—a memory of her being plunged through the heart by his cross guard. "I was wondering how you were able to do those…those illusions?" She asks partly as a distraction, but partly curious of the powers he stowed away in his arsenal. "You know…when we?" "I know. I remember." He grunts quietly and turns to the young scavenger. Or was she a scavenger anymore? She was his student now. His apprentice. "What do you want to know about it?" "Well I was wondering if you could teach me? I know it might seem like a difficult task but I think I'm more than—" "You're not ready." He interrupts, his neck turns toward her as they face one another. "What?" Her voice raises in a pitch or two, lovely eyebrows furrowing at his blatant refusal to teach. "What do you man I'm not ready? All I've been doing the past three weeks had been meditation. Meditation. Meditation! I'm ready for some kind of action. Mental action at least!" Under the mask his eyes narrow at her, finding her refusal to comply with his scheduled exercises quite irksome. Oh—he'll give her action if she wanted it. "You're not ready. Do not speed up a process that requires time, Rey." "You're exactly the same as Luke. All he ever did was make me wait. Be patient." She feels the irritation in herself rile up, more quickly and unintentionally than she'd ever imagine. "I'm tired of being patient. Teach me, Kylo Ren. Teach me something new that I can fight with—it doesn't even have to be what I asked you about! Give me a new weapon or—or maybe even a new lightsaber!" "No." He interrupts coldly, remembering what the Supreme had instructed him to do. He needed to sedate this woman before she got any funny ideas of defection. "You're going to meditate until I tell you to stop. Feel free to ask again when you can best your record timing of meditation." "But that's like three hours! That's way too long." She poses herself into a battle-ready stance, readying her fists in a twin dance. "Let's fight like before. Maybe not you, but your other knights? I'm ready to knock some heads around. You know…grab a sword and stick them with the pointy end?" He wanted to laugh—but this was a serious matter. "Rey, I am doing what I must to further amplify your abilities." She must concentrate of this hidden power of hers—to gather the inner animosity and sever it from the restraining binds from those of the Jedi. "Please trust my decisions." "Well I don't see any improvement—wise master." Her sarcasm strikes him hard and she places a hand on her hip. "All you're doing is making me impatient and angry, but that's about it. I don't see anything else." "I'm surprised that you don't even realize what you're saying. Perhaps you're not even ready to wield a weapon?" His remark is rather infuriating, tempting Rey into an attack she hadn't seen coming. She was smothered in a confusing feeling, a mounting hate for Ren that she couldn't control despite her intentions to not be. "So now you're saying that I'm too weak to fight you?" Her voice is rather cold and relentless, an acidic taste rising to the back of her throat. "Don't you remember our last fight? I'm pretty sure I won." "Our last fight revolved a hit and run. A chase and capture, young scavenger." He says pragmatically, his poise too still to be human. "And I can clearly recall the outcome and its loser." "You kidnapped me!" She barks back and continues with her vengeful tirade. "Had it been fair and square then I would have—" "You had your chance and you ran off. What more would you like me say? That you defeated me?" He laughs in her face, altered darkly through that helmet of his. "You had your chance." He repeats his profound words, turns away from her and prompts his attention toward the instruction room rather rudely. Rey couldn't take any of this. She raises her arm toward Ren and force shoves her own master against a wall partition, with no regrets in her mind. Her one arm is suspended in the air as Rey heaves dense breaths in her solid stance. Her face distorted with a fire of annoyance and she proudly waits for the man to greet her way again. She wanted him to see her power—in a bold way. And when she said she held no regrets… boy was that a regret in itself. At a pace as quick as light speed itself Rey finds her body being tackled, which then led to an explosion of pain in her chest cavity. And with the physical pain came a mental intrusion—a horrible assault on her mind to which she felt collapsing to. Only once had she experienced this. During her interrogation. His intent was to spear through her well-placed barriers inside her consciousness, more guarded than she'd been three years ago. And it was working. The once audacious woman could not control anything that had gone through her mind, yet she hoped, by some unfavorable chance, he would not skim over her guarded secrets. Rey yelps as she finds herself being swung over his padded shoulder this time, the ridges of metal pressing coolly into her abdomen as her face, arms, and hair swinging to the base of his frame. She felt his prosthetic hand chaining her body down to his shoulder as he makes his way into the training room. She was done for…she was so done. The door is promptly crushed against its frame as they enter, and then, she feels his bullish hands grapple with her body and slam her down against the door itself. She whispers to herself as she struggles against his overbearing weight. She'd hoped it would be a one-time thing. A mere whim of emotions that would never occur again in their lives. Obviously that had not been Kylo Ren's intent. The first encounter was the initiating spark and the following had come to them as a rolling snowball. One that would grow in size as each tree, each rock, each layer of snow—they all contributed to its perpetuation of energy and speed. "Isn't this the fight you wanted?" He threatens in a hard voice, his helmet is tossed aside with a vicious hiss and a trilling clank of metal as it grated against a far corner. One cheek flattens helplessly against the frigid surface, eyelashes flickering in the sudden action of things, and her arms twisting back at an unendurable angle. "I didn't ask for this. Get—get off me!" Rey chokes out, her face heats to blotches of red in various areas of her cheeks. "Yes—yes you did. " He ignores the entreatment "Don't you want me to be rough with you, Rey?" Their bond was fortifying its strands by the second. A bond empowering in on itself. It felt like his mental whisper was crawling its way down her neck, to which she shuddered and craned her neck away from as his lips hovered over. Rey was nothing but reactionary to him. She was not taking an initiative. She was letting it all consume her like the weak character she never wanted to become. She was inadvertent in her moans and groans, her voice spilling over his as he whispered tasteful deliberations into her ear—something no one would ever expect to be revealed of either of the two—be they together or separate. His hot mouth kisses and bites down her neck, pulling her hair back and leading to a ripple of stings that tugged at the roots of her scalp. Her jaw angles upward and her sights are forced toward the dimly lit ceiling. Her mouth loosely hangs open in response to such an attack and she finds her spirit wanting to fight his. No. Wanting to join it. She distinctly felt a part of his body grounding against her backside. Something so perverse was not a thought worth making an allowance for, as he continued to press his compacted frame against hers. It was as if he wanted to punish her. "I can sense your anger towards me—Rey." He murmurs in her ear, a sensation that had been swimming in the back of her mind only until that very moment of declaration. "Good. Fight me—I want you to fight as hard as you can until you let it roam free. Let it consume you…Rey." He senses her struggle through the bond and he let loose only enough so she could turn her head. But now, rather than the attack of his solitary body, came the relentless assault of his hands. They are hungry, searching, craving for the delicacies she hid so well from her master. His hands snake around the winding curve of her hips and underneath the black-ribbed cloth she modelled, rowing and scouring more skin to satisfy their desires. His familiar touch was all she could concentrate on. Then it shifts to his tongue as it ghosted down to her shoulder. Then it was his hair that tickled her clavicle in light and refreshing sensations. Then back to his hands—it was all really a concoction of movements. He had to remind himself that this was a grown woman. Yet the same as the young Rey he'd always remembered. The black was fitting. More than fitting, really. Kylo Ren felt devoured by his arousal—the sight of her sweaty body and her clothes now uneven and disheveled, the stickiness of her skin as it softly rolled under his hand, the way her legs stammered against his forceful lower weight, the way she whimpered as his fingers neared to the base of her breasts—he couldn't help but groan himself. Shortly after, he hears her growl. Or is it through the bond that he detects the sudden animosity? Her shoulders violently tussle against his chest in a vague attempt to repel his hold. To suppress these movements, he pulls her arms away from the wall and strings them behind his form, pressing his fully erected bulge into her round end. He wanted to fuck her so badly. So badly that he wanted to fuck her while the entire legion of storm troopers watched. "I love it when you're angry." His mouthing of words skimmed her neck and his exhaled breaths of the nose tickled her the hairs on the nape of her neck. "Because I can see what truly lies underneath that façade you display so well. When you're angry, I can see the passionate girl I've always known. Waiting…waiting to be exposed." "I—" Her voice is tender and hoarse, alluding that she'd rather not speak as she succumbed to such sensations. Wait. Girl I've always known…. I've always known. Her thoughts are rapidly firing at one another, her mouth in a stuttering standstill as if she could not produce words normally. She feels a tremendous weight shift away from her backside, yet her body continues to burn for him. And Ren knew that—that's why he held no allowance in mind for such a selfish intention. As if to distract her, he kisses her lips now that she has turned to him in a frenzy, her breaths are rampant and heated and there is a line of tears ready to burst from confinement. He kisses her again and again, and she finds herself lost in the repetition of action. It was only until he ceased the routine when she realized what the true reality was for her on this dreadful First Order base. His face pulls back and he places a thumbnail to his lips, sheltered by a black glove. His voice churns in the still air, startling the woman out of her daze. "You're so right…Rey. I could have never possibly known." His copper coated eyes follow her expressions in a dance and he smiles. "I've seen it all already, Rey, and I understand now. I understand it all." "Understand what?" Her retort is quick one. If it hadn't been her inner thoughts that gave her away, it'd been the unremittent nervousness she so suspiciously displayed. "Being the woman with such a highly esteemed title in your hands—I found your wary intentions intriguing. And then I've begun to notice that you've been far too suspicious for your own good." His words are alluding to something she'd hoped would come to the light of day. Or in this case—a lightbulb. Why try to hide anything? This man was a mind reader. He was going to find out eventually. "Are you out of your mind? Do you really intend to destroy the Finalizer?" "It wasn't my idea!" Rey's breath caught in the drum of her throat and she pulls back. Well, she tries to, since Ren is holding onto her very tightly. Their eyes are locked into battle with each other, refusing to let either eyesight wander. "Are you not my student? Are you not loyal apprentice?" "But I wasn't—" "And the prisoners I freed for you…they remain at large." His mind combs through hers past the defenses, he circles around the woman predatorily. "I've been far too gracious to you." His mind was shredding her own—a consciousness abusing its power of another. "And you seem to be quite alright with taking advantage of my kindness." "I didn't—" "I mean it is quite alright for me to kill them as well—since it was a secret I planned to keep from you." Rey eases her wrist in a soothing cradle of fingers. "Maybe I did play some part in this… but I really didn't do anything to danger us all. I mean it's not like I want anyone here to die!" "How do I know that…Rey?" She felt like she was sitting in the middle of his judgement. "Fine." Her glare is indomitable. "I'll prove it to you. If you promise not to kill them—I'll help foil their plans. Just please don't kill them, Ren. The Resistance is already dwindling as it is." "That's the response that I wanted. Now…" His prosthetic splay of fingers starts on the follicle roots near her ear and glide to her neck in a satisfying massage. "Where were we?" Notes: Thanks for reading! Let me know your thoughts! Chapter 20 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) "Are we just going to sit here and count how many dead flies there are on the ground?" "Sure we can." Jessica notes as she generously scrubs the dirty cavern of her helmet. She bites her lip in concentration and does not bother to look at Finn, who'd been lazily laying inside his fighter as much of the maintenance had already been done. "You listen to anything the General was saying?" "Every word. Doesn't mean I agree with it, though." His arms are crossed behind his head as a comfortable pillow against the pilot seat, the protective glass shield is drawn outward as a way to let fresh air in. There's a momentary gap in his speech, then continues with a suggestion. "You think she'll notice if we took off with one?" "One what?" Her scrubbing stops. "You out of your mind Finn?" The soap in her makeshift brush dribble down onto the pavement, her hand suspended. "If I'm out of my mind for wanting to save our friends then yeah. Call me all kinds of crazy—but you know I'm right." "Yeah I don't know about that. Leave me out of it—I'm perfectly fine where I am. I like my fighter. I like my job. I like my uniform." Her voice has a hint of obligation. "I've yet to see the General's bad side. You know how vicious those Skywalkers can be—" "That doesn't mean she has to find out. And you're coming with me. With your piloting skills and my expertise, we'll be able to get in and get out easy." "Go on. Send me a link when you find her." Paava rattles on. "I'm not one to tattle." "Jess, please." His gaze is looming over the crown over her head, just as the sun would shine. She is silent and reluctant to respond. The only sound heard is the bristles scraping against rustic metal. "We've lost two comrades. We've lost Rey. We've lost Poe. We need to find them before something bad happens—we can't just sit around and wait for the First Order to hand them over to us with their heads on a pike. They're hostages at best!" "And? What do you think you can do? Save them?" Her scrubbing continues as if to distract her thoughts to a more pressing conflict. "Unless you wanna be in that tin box again, then be my guest." "We won't be prisoners this time." His face beams rather brightly, his pearly whites shining even in this high of noon. "Come on, don't tell me you're too afraid of going back?" "You know Finn, if you miss your home that much then maybe you should just go back. I'm not stopping you." Jessica Paava knows she went overboard with that remark, her mouth hangs open in realization of such an assault on words. Her breath stammers. Finn had already proven his trustworthiness through his impeccable deeds and valiant acts upon the battlefield, but she could not control herself. "I… I'm sorry. You know I want to go too but if we get caught then we—" "Well then we can't." Finn's hands grip the rim of the cockpit and the emboldened pilot leans over to meet her gaze. He hops out and his jacket billows in the wind. "Just imagine the look on General's face. Ah! Rey! Poe! I never thought I'd see you all alive. Finn, Jessica…you two are life savers. Thank you for leaving when I asked you not to!" "Yeah?" She wises, her voice now unapologetic. "Imagine the look when we're all gone too. She'd probably find a way to convert us into fuel." He sighs. "Yeah? Imagine what her son is doing to them . Probably keeping Rey locked up in a cage like some damned animal." He shakes his head in disgust, hoping his words will somehow manage to convince this woman. "And we're down here scrubbing the backs of each other's shoes." She muses of the past scenario between enemy and ally. "You know it really didn't seem that way when I got a good look of those two. " "Does it matter what it seems like? The fact that we're out here and she's stuck in there…it just…" "Alright." She snatches her polished helmet back, quite the vexed woman when her feelings had caught too deeply in this to not ignore it. "Fine. You've convinced me. Now what?" "Yes…. Yes!" He shook her shoulders elatedly and found no reason to not be excited for the future that lays ahead of them now. They were going to find their friends, and it was going to happen sooner than he thought. Paava sighs, effortlessly rises to her feet and dumps a canister of well-water on the scrubbed helmet, as well as her suds soaked hands. The water splashes everywhere, but neither care to notice. "Let me know when you have a plan. You'd better have a good one." … She is standing there, a spectral ghost if anything, casting her sights over the new surroundings. A dreadful recounting of events, memories that hadn't necessarily been hers worm its way into her mind and grapple with her unsuspecting subconscious. Unlike her many desert-paralleled visions and dreams, this…this seems too familiar. It isn't Ach-to. Certainly not Jakku or D'Qar. She has no name for here. Much of everything appears unreal and past its time. It feels like a scenario she couldn't have been a part of yet it felt too long gone and too inconsequential to consider it a true memory. Is it really a recollection? Or is it fabricated from her wandering and inventive mind? She sees a black haired boy. He seems so…he seems so confused… Tired. Lonely. Misguided. He wears clothing similar to what she had once worn, when she'd been under the guidance of Luke Skywalker. They fold over his smaller body in a collection of clumsy beige wrappings, wears, and tears. This boy must be a Padawan of the Jedi Order and there is no doubt about it. He is marching up the stepping-stones, his legs reluctant to take another step forward, but each is menacing in all its intent. There is a deep-setting scowl on his features. A face that is tired of being lied to. A face that is tired of being thrown aside. Rey feels each step taken would lead to something…something she didn't want to see. Her spectral feet chase as her curiosity went wild. From the looks of it, he is heading toward a rather large structure. It looks like a temple—one surrounded by a vast ocean of trees and jungle-like vine growth. It's humid. Dense not only in vegetation, but as well as the atmosphere. It all seems archaic. Like this location served very primitive needs to those that had once inhabited this planet. And as she stops to take a glance of her surroundings, her mind is suddenly blown aside by a cluster of advancing figures. Each of them, in a line they all pass her spectral-like embodiment, her form dispersing into dust until finally the last one had marches on past her. They're all pretty young. A lot of them are boys, one girl. They're wearing similar clothing—Padawan attire. She feels that she was here before. She was here another time, before everything had lay waste. … She feels a hand caressing her cheek. It serves a soothing and homely purpose, even being sheathed in a sleek, cold material. The creeping radiance of the room swelled into vision and her eyes immediately focus on a hand on her face, swallowing in most of her peripheries. She has a feeling that someone is staring down at her. Not as an enemy would. But as a companion. "Ben…" The hand stops moving in light of her voice. He must see some fault with that name. "You like Ren better." She mumbles. "You can call me whatever you want." He whispers to her, an amazing reassurance and a gentle greeting it is. His imperative demeanor is all but a distant memory now, temperate and impressionable he is. The change…it felt…strange. Looking up at his chocolate brown eyes. They seem so loving and inviting that her gaze is sucked in—in and it's not going to let go. His hair appears strictly black, face shadowed, and the only light is escaping through the crack of the door to her quarters. This makes her wonder what time of day it was. Ren senses the general intention of her thoughts and answers aloud. "We're a few hours away from the break of day." He tucks a strand behind her ear and studies the woman gently. I suppose it made no sense to ask what time it was. The Star Destroyer never slept. The lights never went out. Rey notices that he had not worn his usual garb. Had he come to her without a single regard for himself? "I sensed you were having an unsettling dream." His thoughts gently cruised over hers. Their minds are connected more strongly than ever before. "Would you like to tell me about it?" She manages with all her strength and capacity to gaze away now. "Caring about a girl's dreams and nightmares? What kind of Sith Lord are you?" He smiles softly at that remark. "Not a very good one." The bed makes a slight creaking noise as he comes to settle next to her blanket-plastered body. His position is erected and his back is slightly hunched over. His helmet nowhere in immediate sight. She turns her head toward his general direction, ruffling her hazel hair into a hundred messy pleats and folds against the pillow. "I don't get it…Ben. Why am I so important to you?" "I suppose I have thing for scavengers like you." His face is obviously serious. She does a half-snort and chest laugh, shaking her head in denial. This man is considerably more forgiving at night than he is at day. She relishes in the tender moods floating through the bond. "When are you going to stop calling me that?" "You've already made your impression. My dearest scavenger." He swallows a lump in his throat, his slightly long neck craning over towards her. "I assume you're good at finding things. Could I ask you to find my helmet?" A scavenger like you… has already found my heart . "I…" Her mouth is numb and her brows crease inward as she finds herself struggling to respond to that unguarded thought of his. Did he unintendedly let that slip? She continues with a greatly appreciated pathway to change of subject. "Where is it? Your helmet, I mean." "I've misplaced placed it somewhere." He looks down on the silky ripples of the bedsheets as if he were in reflection of the past. "For a long while I did not dare walk around without my guise. I suppose that changed." Rey hums suspiciously and purses her lips, in consideration of a man that had been powerful and shy in a strange collaboration. His locked sight wanders from the crumples in the blanket toward her simmering greenish gaze. He sighs and looks away again as if he were having a conflict within himself. "You never were like me." His lips curve gently at the sides and his eyes are sincere. "You were always spirited and full of the wild. Always asking questions and always babbling your mouth—" His tongue suddenly cut short as if he'd spoken too much. "Ben…" Curiosity is peaked inside and her body perks upward, wanting to sit face to face with this man. Her breath is caught in chest, her mind flutters about as to what his words had entailed. Much of this was confusing to oblivious Rey. "Every time you say that name, it brings me closer to the past." From her perspective, she could tell he does not stir in movement. He only sits still. But through the bond, she knows his thoughts are in conflict with one another. She knows. She knows he is being torn apart. She takes his turned body and grips him by one shoulder, pulling his attention toward her again. "What are you not telling me?" "A question—for another time." He murmurs softly, a defensive slur it is however. "Sleep well and do not dwell on your nightmares, my dearest scavenger." He gently lays her back down and prompts his face over her forehead, placing another uncharacteristic kiss atop her hot skin. Notes: I plan to include lots of burn. You're probably gonna need lots of Aloe after I'm done with this story. And always, your thoughts keep me going. Don't be afraid to speak up :) Chapter 21 Notes: Hey guys, I'm really sorry for the late update! I've been trying my best to balance out college classes + 2 jobs + babysitting + this fic and three others. Honestly I have no social life right now haha. I hope you like this chapter. It might be slow and painful to read, but at least the storyline is progressing. Let me know what you think! (What I could add, change, alter, etc). I will not hesitate to consider your ideas. Just a heads up, it might not be another long wait for the next chapter as we all start to get further into the school year. (Not just me!) And again, thank you! Chapter 21 “The scavenger.” The chalky projection leans back, his gritty cough tears through the ears of Kylo Ren. Snoke manages to rasp the last of his sentence. “Bring her to me.” Kylo Ren abides and bows a slight nod. He stands barefaced amid an empty assembly room. He turns to the entrance to retrieve her himself, as this may deter the Supreme from suspecting a hidden bond between the two. But. He knows. The Supreme Leader knows. There is no point in feigning ignorance. Rey is standing outside those doors right now. Through the bond he senses she is tense and nervous, fidgeting and tapping her fingers against her arm. Their bond is quite durable. Sensitive enough to transfuse the greater of emotions through the river they call a bond. Rey. Ren’s low mental drawl reaches her. The time has come. Are you ready to prove you’ve been an exceptional apprentice? He senses her hand on the door. Her anxiety is boiling through the bond. I can do this. I can do this… Can I… can I do it? Her thoughts are solely meant as a mantra to herself, however, they are mistakenly vocalized through the bond. His eyes bounce around the double doors as if to search for a reason. A reason why of all times that now she would lose confidence in herself. You’ll never know what could happen unless you try. He won’t kill you if that’s what you’re thinking. I wasn’t thinking that! I can sense you’re afraid. Why are you afraid? I’m not afraid. I’ve never been afraid. Maybe you’re afraid? He senses an influx of anxiety and a twinge of reluctance, yet continues through the bond. Rey...why are you so nervous? Isn’t he hearing us? Can’t he just snoop in and get a good reading of our thoughts? What we’re saying to each other right now? I figure he’s pretty good at it since you know... he’s your teacher. Mind reading, in his case, is defined by past thoughts and memories. I don’t think it’s possible. He might…but it’s highly unlikely. Rest assured, our bond is a private channel. You think… Rey. Alright fine. But how do I— Just do whatever comes to mind—isn’t that what this is about? Prove to the Supreme that you’re more capable of being at my side. Even more than my lightsaber. Rey took that as a highly flattering comment. He brought his light saber with him everywhere he went—almost like a third arm. I— Don’t think anymore. We’ve wasted enough time. He is not a patient man. Rey. He’s waiting for you. Do whatever he says. If he wants you to dance, dance. If he wants you to sing, sing. If he wants you to kill someone— I can’t kill someone like it was nothing. Don't ask me to do that because I won't! Rey… It would be unwise for you to go against the Supreme. Do not what is right, but what is smart. And for a second there, he could sense her heart beat quicken. He could then sense it falter. The double doors creek open and a body slips right in. Ren’s gaze is lingering, eyes are slightly larger than they should be, mouth gaping slightly, and one long breath is seizing his body. Rey strides in confidently with her head held high and her mouth tightlipped, although everyone in the room knows she is anything but. Her hair is pulled back into a long braid. A band, one at the tip and one tightly bound at the lower base of her head for the purpose of a flawless demonstration. Her clothes remain liveried and highly patriotic of the First Order—something that would help win sympathy and high regard from the Supreme. Rey would always imagine the conference room whenever Ren would speak of it. The conference room was always spoken of and was usually involved in most of the bureaucratic affairs. Ren was a high official, so there’s no doubt Ren would partake in the meetings that were conducted within. In her mind, it has always been some kind of hidden cavity and a throne surrounded by molten rocks and fire. She had imagined the Supreme to be a tangible being and not disembodied the way he is now. He could’ve shown what resolution he had as a leader to lead his people. And not hide away and drown in his cowardice—letting his pawns do all the dirty work for him. The Supreme did appear as unsightly as she’d imagined, however. She wonders what could have happened for him to look so disfigured and how long he must have endured the wear of life for him to appear so hoary. She nods toward Ren, certain and noticeably self-assured. Ren returns the gesture in a bemused silence as his gaze follows her movements along the catwalk. He is turned aside to allow more comfort space for his apprentice to walk through. His hands are folded behind and his posture respectable. You must render yourself submissive. Do everything he tells you to do. Do not resist. His dark eyes glaze over hers, driven for an agreeance. She does not respond. Rey. You must kneel. She looks him with the notion that such a request was not above her. She does not kneel. The Supreme hunches over, knuckles resting against a cheekbone, and he narrows his eyes at the scavenger. Rey. She looks at Ren nervously, prepared to get the hell out of there. Even if he is just a hologram, something about him just didn’t sit right. After another excruciating moment or two, she shrugs herself to the ground to the stoop that the Supreme sought after. The image of the hologram is burned in her mind. She always found her way of disgust with this—this monstrosity of a man. At least from the way Ren described him. He seems a formidable foe. This thought only runs through her head because of how little information there is about him. She doesn’t know if he is as spiritually strong as Luke Skywalker or an average merchant in the outposts of Jakku. “Scavenger.” The rustic voice booms through the expanse, giving Rey permission to formally rise to greet his hologram. Honestly she is damned well afraid. She’d never felt so subordinate before, even in the wake of her legendary ex-master. All alarms went off. The mental capacity he emitted…it was insanely overbearing. Unsettling and stomach churning—it was the way he spoke and portrayed himself. As if he had greater plans for the world. As if he had a greater agenda—a way in which the entire universe would collapse in on itself in complete disaster. Rey acknowledges the First Order’s supreme commander and rises flatteringly. “I’m deeply honored to be in your presence.” Her voice is shaky and yet she finds a way to remain steadfast. “Supreme Leader.” She bows. The name leaves a filthier taste in her mouth than General Hux. “It appears as though you have been taught manners, despite your past of scrapping life as a desert rat.” Rey really felt the need to beat the living shit out of him, wherever this Supreme Leader really was. Every word had an undertone of condescension and unbearable rudeness—judgmental of a life that she had no control over. It wasn’t just him . It was everyone on this damned ship. They all gave her suspicious and scornful glances simply because she had a different skin tone than them. Because she had to fight to survive. Because she never had a privileged life. The Supreme analyzes her for a second. For a second too long. And too suspiciously. It is as though he questions her devotion and sincerity in her words, and from that, Rey’s heart quickens a beat. He continues with a statement—one that neither of the two standing in the walkway would have expected. “You’ve made her quite the respectable devotee. Haven’t you, Kylo Ren?” Ren replies with a sufficient nod. His eyes remain stuck to the backs of Rey’s calves. He then notices a disturbance in their bond and remains quiet in regard of their exchange. “ My student speaks many great things of you.” He pauses. “ Many great things. But first…I have yet to learn your full name. Would you care to lend me it? A surname perhaps?” “Rey.” She has trouble looking the monster in the eye. She plans to give him obnoxious, vague, short answers. Answers that would passive-aggressively make the Supreme Leader irate. “Just…Rey.” The Supreme rolls over the thought as he places a pared finger to hunch of his lips. “Interesting. Quite the interesting occurrence indeed. To have come from a backwater planet such as...” “Jakku.” Ren finishes for him. “Supreme Leader.” “Yes...Yes Jakku.” His hoarse cough follows suit of the name and resumes appraisal as soon as he could formulate words. “Have you always found home with Jakku? Or is there another?” “I have known nothing else in my life.” Jakku didn’t seem to have much of a reputation with the rest of the galaxy. Why would have anyone ever wanted for Rey to live on such a trash heap of a planet, and much less her parents? Why? She was so young…left to fend for herself. Left to endure the thicker of evils at such an innocent age. She feels the irritation bubble softly inside. “Scavenger…I can sense that you have a deep-seated hatred within you. Much of it has been left unexplored.” The Supreme is catching interest now and there’s not much Rey could do beside obey. She would become another puppet of the First Order, and to that, Ren would unconsciously feel guilt towards. “Is it possible that you have no family?” Rey is silent. She’s been nothing but an open book of expression and answer. “No mother?” She is still and unwavering. “No father? Brother? Sister?” He could possibly take a lineage and burnish it to his own advantage, as he had with the Skywalker line. When Snoke realizes that none of these suggestions would acquire a response, he reflects upon a more visual examination. “Come closer girl. I want a good look at you.” ... So it went like this: Finn and Jess blast off into the speed of light and they get lost in the middle of uncharted territory. No doubt. Finn thinks he knows where the Finalizer is but he knows damn well that he’s horrible with directions. Jessica was blindfolded until she got on her escape pod, so even if she were one of the top classed fighter pilots, her skills wouldn't do so hot without the location of this one particular First Order base. “Look. She's gotta be here somewhere, okay?” “Oh god let’s just go home.” Jessica massages the roots of her scalp as if to soothe the irritation this man caused. She fidgets with coordinates, hoping it would pull Finn out of his stupor. “Why couldn't we bring any one else?” He huffs through his nostrils and his sights set on the concoction of black void and shiny pin points. This was all he ever saw when he was a trooper. He was only allowed to look through the glass dome to a beautiful canvas of colors. One that eventually grew bland and repetitive no matter how mesmerizing it was. “Because if we told anyone else, they would've ratted us out. You know that.” “No. I don't. You aren't the only one with friends on that ship, Finn.” Her eyelids are creamy-tan and there is an apparent layer of bays growing underneath from exhaustion. “Which is why we had to leave as soon as would could. I couldn't risk the plan. I couldn't risk Rey.” “Right right. You can't risk Rey. I get it. We all get it.” She stands up and balls her knuckles into her eyes—a satisfying yet numbing feeling reaches her brain. “I'm starting to think the General was right all along. She knew you would get crazy and irrational about her, which is why she made you stay behind while the rest of her crew was allowed to go where they wanted. Because she knew they wouldn't do something stupid like what you're doing right now.” “And? What about you?” She sighs. “Alright whatever. I'll keep my mouth shut.” … “Child… You are a child drowning in the deepest entrenchments of the Force.” Rey felt like taking that as a compliment, but she knew that it was nothing more than an exploitive statement. There was nothing good about what he was saying. The Supreme’s calculating eyes scrutinize every inch of her face and her body, as if it would give some clue as to what her heritage could entail. “Unveil your mind and I will show you what it is you seek.” How strange. Could he not read into her thoughts already? Or was he restricted to emotions of those within his presence? She decided to open her barriers little by little. Not too much though. If he found out everything in one go, he'd order Kylo Ren to kill her on the spot. But even with the reassurance of her master’s words, she wasn’t too sure what he would do in the heat of the moment. She feels something cold wash over her. A cold wash of an epiphany. “There is another bloodline within you. A resting one. Dormant yet powerful once awakened fully.” His eyes narrow at her and she has a terrible feeling that his interest is peaked. It was a dangerous interest. “You are a conflicted child with a conflicted past. Something that is not so uncommon among force users such as yourself.” He is only regurgitating what she already felt and knew. He's no help at all. “I sense your lineage spans over quite the ages. Possibly as old as I am—“ He implies a joke but no one laughs. The two standing on the podium both shift uncomfortably. Well, Rey is feeling more nervous than Ren. “I sense…” His eyes narrow even more as if he were in realization of something in dire need of attention. Of the incredulity it inspired. “A feuding past of two heroes and a tragic outcome. Each has chosen the right path in his own right. How… interesting .” … Chapter 22 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) What does that have anything to do with Rey? He assumes the same confusion was flowing through his apprentice as it was in him. She does not stir in movement, but through his mental readings, he senses there are roaring currents of thought and apprehension. His sight does not leave the back of Rey’s head and he swallows with an uncertainty of a terrible future for Rey should the Supreme discover her true potentiality. That reality was not easy for him to admit—the possessiveness and jealousy that aroused him. He wanted her all to himself. He still does. If the Supreme discovered what lineage lays in a vast line before her time, he was… He was afraid. He was afraid that she would become an instrument of war for the First Order. Kylo Ren realizes now, in this very moment as she stands before the Supreme, that he had been selfish in his intentions. So selfish to have her by his side that he hadn’t weighed in her safety should she join forces with what it is that ruined him. Ruined him? What was he thinking? The Supreme was responsible for everything that he is now, and he should remain in graces not in spite. “Kylo Ren.” The voice, dense and worn, pulls the Ren out of his stupor. He hadn’t realized that Rey had already been instructed out of the room and he’d been staring in the space of empty air in silence. The test was over more quickly than the time it took for Rey to agree to this. Much of her preparation was all due in hopes of a terrifying predisposition of the Supreme and his intentions, and a test that was assumed to take the living breath out of her. He silently berates Rey for hiding in her own self-doubt. “I’d have hoped to learn more of the Scavenger.” The Supreme sighs. Kylo Ren fears that his lungs may give out at any moment from the way he was sounding. “A thorough reading wasn’t enough, and for that I have you to blame. She is still guarded. She is still untrusting.” “Master, what I’ve done was to the best of my ability.” “It is not enough. This is not only a test for the Scavenger but for you as well. Are you already prepared to fail me now?” “No.” His low hum of a voice, soft and taut now, and he clenches tightly in the crevices of his fingers behind his back. “I will not fail, master. I will not fail you again .” “Good.” That croaked word is horrible and largely reassuring. “Now then. I should say that I’ve seen glimpses of a past. Dislocated memories. It is unclear what to make of them.” His lowly humming voice sounds in a rather surprised tone, his throat rows over in another hard-to swallow rumination. “There isn’t anything of importance that I could disclose. However—“ Snoke pauses as if to gain to some dramatic effect. “There is a reason for it. Someone has tampered with her memories. Purposefully.” “Could it have been Skywalker?” Snoke’s laugh thunders through air, as if it were the most preposterous suggestion ever mentioned. “Do you really believe that?” “They could have been implanted within. To confuse us possibly?” “Do not fashion yourself with ignorance, Kylo Ren. I can see past your words.” If there was anyone good at sighting lies, it would be the Supreme. Not even a Sith Lord was capable of such infallible deceit. “Why do I sense your presence? Why do I sense Skywalker?” His huff is gritty through his nose. “Your indication on the girl is unmistakable.” “She may have fabricated those memories. Maybe an attempt to cope with the isolation?” “Impossible.” His breath is lingering and full of a hissed timbre. “Not when it is I who is reaching within her mind.” Kylo Ren senses that his master is displeased, a testing nature apparent in the impatience of his voice. “Are you saying that she could best me with wit and competence alone?” “No that isn’t what I’m—“ “Speak up, child.” Ren remains silent. There was no chance at besting the Supreme. Snoke hisses silently. “There is a deep-seated connection between you two—that much I know. But never could I have detected memories of such past antiquity. Is your drive simply because of this past? Is that it?” He wants to panic. But he can’t. The Supreme is highly adept at detecting emotions and intentions. If he were to discover that she was meant to be one of the many Padawan to greet their deathbeds—she would surely meet hers as well. He subsides the restless churning inside his stomach and clears his throat. “Forgive me master but I have only interest in her power. Nothing more.” The Supreme is silent and in contemplation of his student’s response. It’s slightly unsettling for Kylo Ren—a feeling he hadn’t experienced in a long while. “Very well.” The Supreme intends to delve further into this subject, but in another, more pressing and suitable time. One of the Supreme’s many staggering coughs takes its position within discourse, and presumes his announcement as soon as his voice can formulate words. “You will help construct the scavenger in her own lightsaber.” “When would you have it done?” He asks, entwined gloved fingers squelching tightly against each other from the small of his back. “As soon as we bring our exchange to a close.” “We are in a war. Would it not be best to remain where I’m needed? Should we engage with the enemy? I sense there is more hostility to come. We could expect more rogue fighters to attempt an infiltration. We should brace our regiments and—” “Since when were you required to arm our troops and condition them for battle?” “I just thought—“ “The Republic has been destroyed and the Resistance—they are nothing more than a small nest of insects. Yes. We’ve destroyed their colony considerably. But what are insects if not one another to support? What do they have if not strength number?” “Nothing.” “Precisely. It is not your place to concern yourself with things outside of your marginal control.” His grungy voice and his cold demeanor are of no harsh feeling to the towering force-sensitive. He was slapped with rather ruthless punishment subsequent of his teen years. He bows his head. He realizes that paranoia had been in vain and that he should do as his master instruct upon first arrival. However, this biting sense of power the Supreme held over him—it was taking a toll on Ren’s temperament. Possibly a step-backwards in his training, despite the lengths it took to become a Dark Lord. “My apologies.” He said seething, through the locking of his teeth. “Do not apologize. Take action.” “Master.” Kylo Ren’s voice trails off before the Supreme could cut through. “You say that the scavenger is capable of many things and I have taken your word.” It is as though his health degrades to its lowest state. It could be heard in his declining voice. “Now you must take my word. Go. A new weapon to better reflect what the scavenger has become. To that I entrust you .” However, when his student returns with the scavenger…that would be his judgement day. That is when he ascends his throne. … She’d been waiting here for an hour now. Where was he? What was taking so long? Rey leans against one of the metal panels at a slant, somewhat reminiscent of her time as a strapped hostage for Kylo Ren, rather than the First Order. Now she patiently waits there as his loyal student and a devoted adversary for an organization that wills the death of her friends—those she holds dear. But when…. when is it that she becomes his student? When is it that she becomes loyal to him? To the First Order? No. She was not loyal to the First Order. She knows that Kylo Ren wants nothing more than to fight by her side in the burning ashes of the battlefield, with their sabers attacking only when advantageous to the other. Not at a simmering crossroad, not when Forces are raw in antagonism and in opposition to one another. Rey didn’t want that. Rey didn’t want to hurt her friends either. A deep seated sigh cuts through her chest and wonders when, if ever, was there a time of peace and security. “Rey?” Eyelashes flutter open and her hazel eyes are greeted with the sight of Poe. For goodness sake she’d thought he was dead. How long has it been since she’d seen him? A Month? Two months? Who knows. “Poe.” Rey was never too close to this man, but they were friendly enough to get a good conversation going. He wore a trooper’s uniform and his helmet neatly tucked underneath the warm crevice of his arm. His face was glossy and olive toned, curled hair chocolate and flattened from the head obstruction previously worn. A slightly older man, not too old—but his age was certainly short of flight craft dexterity and battlefield experience. “You shouldn’t be here.” Rey realizes how close they were to Kylo Ren or wherever he was. He couldn’t see him here. Or her. Or them together. It would be quite the treasonous situation. “I know.” Poe eyes were almonds and always optimistic. But now they are worrisome and impatient as they peer into Rey. “And you shouldn’t either. We’re getting out of here.” Poe is a famous face and a famous name. He couldn’t let either of the two reach the eyes and ears of the public, and Rey completely understood why. They’d have him shot on sight. “What? What are you talking about?” “We’ve placed thermal detonators in all of the main hangars and armaments. We’ve got a load of them in the engine room. Those ion-generators don’t stand a chance!“ “You can’t just—“ “Of course we can Rey. We need to.” His thick, brown laced eyebrows raise and his mouth widens excitedly. The plastoid white that he sported was quite the contradictory fashion. He was a high ranking pilot, not some brainwashed expendable soldier. “We’re finally gonna one-up the First Order. And we finally get to do it thanks to you. Come on we need to get out of here before—“ “Wait! Wait wait!” Rey’s breath quickens in short intervals and her heart none too gentle. “Where did you get explosives from?” “Let’s just say that we can always trust Finn to back us up.” He smiles. Rey pauses at Finn’s name being mentioned. “Finn what ?” He couldn’t be here. She sent him away from the First Order. She kicked him off the Finalizer so that he could be safe with the Resistance. He couldn’t just waltz back into the hands of the enemy without considering what it was going to do to her. “Well Jessica too but—“ “You’ve got to be kidding me!” Rey rubs her face in frustration, rubbing on her eyes more intendedly as she turned around, to think about this terrible situation being brought to light. “Rey I know you’re worried about us but we’ve gotta go.” She felt his black-body glove pull on her shoulder. “Finn’s just about ready to see you. Come on!” “I can’t.” “Of course you can!” Poe was taken aback by her response. He expected her to be on board without a second considerable thought. “We’ve hijacked a pretty hefty TIE fighter. Big enough for all of us. When we detonate the others, ours will be the only one left standing. When all the noise shakes the ship—that’s when we take off. That’ll be our cue.” “I’m not going with you guys.” “Rey.” “I can’t leave unless someone else comes with.” She does not dare take a glance at the exemplary fighter pilot. If she did, she would’ve expected disappointment and skepticism. She didn’t need to when these feelings are heard drowning in his voice. “Whoever it is they’re probably on this ship for a reason. We don’t exactly have time to recruit more—“ “You’re so right.” A man’s voice is heard directly heard from behind Poe. A strikingly familiar yet old voice—one softened in the echoes of the stagnant hallway. Rey’s eyes shoot open and panic settles in her features. This is exactly why she didn’t want to stop and talk to Poe. Oh God—oh God. Poe turns to an old friend now turned enemy. A sudden revelation is in his eyes as they widen. This is Kylo Ren—obviously. But he is also Ben Solo. Yes, everyone on the Resistance base and their mothers knew this fact. But. He also realizes why certain things happened between the two of them. Why he was so brutal in his interrogation. Why he felt no remorse when he pierced his mind and moved everything around. Painfully. He could see the burning jealousy in his eyes as Kylo Ren stares him down. “Ben please he’s going to leave!” Her pleading voice reaches their ears. “No. He’s not.” His voice is hard. The silhouette in the blaring ceiling lights outline a harsh towering figure. His eyes are narrow in the darkly shaded form of his and hands are poised at his sides, an intimidating and predatory posture inclined towards the stowaway Resistance pilot. “He doesn’t get to leave.” “Why? You’ve let everyone else go. Please…do it for me.” “Do not ask me again.” His eyes do not reach Rey’s as he responds to her, instead they remain on the man before him. If Ben Solo hated anyone more than his own father, it would be Poe Dameron. Even more than that turncoat of a storm-trooper. Lowly scum did not deserve to be called by a name. But Poe Dameron—his name would forever be in the back of his mind. A horrible remembrance of the past. He ruined his childhood. He ruined his familial relationship. He was the reason why Ben’s mother hated her own son. “Tell me where the explosives are and I might consider extending your execution date.” “Even if I do—buddy—my friends are gonna blow this ship up anyway.” “They wouldn’t dare.” “They would. You know they would.” “You don’t have enough explosives. This command ship is far too massive.” Kylo Ren retorts, his full lips compact tightly as if to hold back a raised voice. “Doesn’t matter. You guys won’t have a working reactor. You won’t have power to fight us back anyway—“ “How do you intend to do that?” They’re like bickering children as Rey ponders. Then she wonders about something else. Something strange is going on. Kylo Ren is trying to stall and send word to the command center of terroristic intruders. Rey realizes this soon enough. “We’ve got them all over—“ “Poe get out of here now.” Rey leaps in-between the two alpha males and spreads her toned arms outward, as if to protect Poe from Ren. Her voice heightens to a jumpy shout and her face turns aside to address him with the utmost concern. She knows Poe wants to stay but there is a confliction in his heart to defend the maiden. “Now!!” A sizzling sound erupts against the mechanical buzz of the hallway. Before Rey could take another breath, Ren’s cross guard is burning bright at his side and the cherry luminescence reflecting their facial contours. “You don’t have to do this Ben.” Her face contorts into a sorrowful expression. She didn’t want him to be this way. Not now. Not like this. “I do.” His boots take one robotic step after another towards Poe. “You’ll understand eventually.” Rey feels as though time is slowing down and the closer he got to Poe, the closer he’d be to death. The Resistance pilot raises his blaster and fires shots at the Dark Lord, aiming away from Rey. Each flashing shot is suspended in the air and Ren’s hand is simultaneously barricading them away. Each addition is simply a collection of bright white bullets in the air. Rey is watching the situation depreciate with gaping eyes. Numerous blasts are allowed through his force shield and then deflected with his light saber. The throng of projectiles collide with metallic surfaces and in result: ear-crackling explosions. Rey doesn’t know what to do. This couldn’t be happening. Ben was going to kill him. Poe takes off down the hallway with Ren following suit, like predator and prey. While doing so Ren resheathes his cross-guard and jolts off into a sprint behind him, a dangerous intent floating through their bond. Rey mentally projects a soothing sensation over their connection. Hopefully it would help calm him down. It didn’t. It had been a minute of chasing before Rey could catch up. But she knows that Poe wouldn’t have been able to make it far. She knows because she hears his voice in disturbing sounds. Oh…he was choking him. He was choking him! She hears his struggled fits and gasps for appreciative air. His weapon clatters against the walkway and his gloves clawing at his neck, veins popping out of his skin in strong bulges. Before Kylo Ren could squeeze any further, explosions shook the Finalizer aside. So much so that it forced him to drop Poe to the ground. Poe had already sent the signal to detonate the explosions. It was happening. It was really happening! Ren and Rey are knocked aside into the surrounding walls; their bodies strike against the surface with a heavy clang. And if there were any stationed guards around this area, they all probably went to check out the impacted site. Which explains why no one was here to intercept their altercation. Rey’s cheek painfully smashes against the cool metal and all she could see with the one eye open is Poe struggling to get to his feet and Kylo Ren looking all around for a source of the detonations. “I told y—“ Poe coughs and one hand propping his balance against the wall, but his voice is viciously cut off by the hand of Kylo Ren. Instead of a force-choke, it is a physical touch that is constricting his windpipe. He came onto Poe so fast that Rey didn’t even have time to think about how he was going to respond. “You don’t get to say anything .” The back of his head slams against the metalwork unforgivingly. His vision is swimming with static and he sees a world where everything isn’t so clear and defined. “Rey convinced me to be merciful. Don’t misunderstand. The decision seemed quite favorable in the long run. But now that I see you here—.” Poe’s hands claw their way down Ren’s until they halt at the base of his chest, gripping for his own neck through bleary and dazed eyes. Unfortunately, his arms are shorter than his attacker so they couldn’t have gotten much of a propulsion from his position. Rey had to do something. She loved Ben. But she couldn’t let him do this. “You don’t know how often I dreamt of doing this, Dameron.” A Sith Lord’s anger is quite a sight to behold. And right now Rey experienced it ten-fold through their bond. His golden eyes sear into his with so much ferocity, Poe struggles to maintain eye contact. “I’ve always hated you. I’ve hated everything about you.” The metallic clasp of his fingers tightened around his skin. It was burning him. Poe couldn’t do anything but have bulged eyes and a widened mouth. All he could do is listen. “You ruined the best part of me when you had my mother turn against me.” “Is that wh—“ He gasps and stutters more than he’d like, but he couldn’t really breathe too well. Explosions are going off all-round the ship, juddering everyone with incessant tremors. “—what this i-is about?” “It’s more than that. You were simply a factor. A bug that needed to be squ—“ Before Ren could squeeze past the threshold of life, he felt a burning hole being thrusted into his stomach. Ren wonders if Poe Dameron could have snuck past his arms and snatched his saber from his belt but realized it was impossible. It was someone from behind. Someone trusted . Rey His face slowly turns aside. His eyes flaring with rage and betrayal, liquid trickles down his unmarred eye in controlled conation of the pain in his abdomen. Why? Notes: Hey guys! I know this was a pretty angst-heavy chapter, but I had to write it for the purpose of the plot line. I'd love to know what you think! Thanks for keeping up with me :) Chapter 23 Chapter 23 Reticence. A dreading silence that no one dare interrupt. At least, for Kylo Ren, the medical personnel were wise enough to set the injured man in his own cave. And for once, he thanked them for that. His hands are at his sides, light saber passive as it lies at the bed of his feet. He fought the warring thoughts that probed him on relentlessly. His spent eyes are lost in the rafters, but then decide to shut peacefully and fade out the world around him. Plasma lights coated the infirmary by the dozens, seeming to have left a burned aftermark of blind-ness on his sight wherever it wandered. Ren breathes peacefully. The Order didn’t take long to apprehend any technician it could get its hands on. Ren took note that many affiliates were not harmed in the aftermath, even though he couldn’t care less if they hadn’t survived. Many of the transports were ruined—but not the workers. Plenty of reserve forces were called into action to combat the infiltrators, but by then, they’d already disappeared. Free and with quite the liberation on their part. And her...She was probably gone too. Ren turns aside and his back to the saber, as if turning his back to her as well. He does it even though it pains him greatly to move. No need to fret about her now. He would deal with her later. The First Order thrived on its largely specialized workforce and its proficiency in versatility, restoration, and construction. It was meant to conquer the galaxy. What few petty attempts at destroying its grasp in the political and corporeal battlefield would be inconsequential. And so, the reserve forces were called onto the mother ship to further provide protection and retaliation against the Resistance if they had the nerve to plan any subsequent attacks. The Order called for a mandatory recruitment from planets that reached even the most remote of galactic systems. Even if the Finalizer were to be utterly destroyed, Snoke took enough initiative to thin out his stronghold throughout the Galaxy. He still had power. He was still in full control. And he was always in a position where his life was guaranteed and his subordinates… expendable . Ren shrugs the Order and fixates on a memory that would probably make him unnecessarily angry all over again. He couldn’t sleep. It had been the third time he’d slept through the day and toiled awake at night. He was thinking about her. She made his heart quiver with anger and rejection. What she did to him—it was a pattern of inevitable rejection he’d seen his entire life. She rejected him just like everyone else always did. No matter how often his internal drive—the darkness—was telling him to kill her, to rip her heart out as she did with him, he just couldn’t find it in himself to do it. He couldn’t fabricate such a future. A medical droid made routine checkups every thirty minutes or so to document heart rates and replace bandages along the afflicted wound. Over bleeding wasn’t a threat and he wasn’t as horribly disfigured as he thought he’d be. The option of recovery by bacta-tank still stood, but he refused. He wanted to feel the pain. It wasn’t a small wound. Not unlike the scar on his face—and it weighed down on him so heavily his heart throbbed, as if his saber was plunged through it instead. His mouth thins tightly enough to let the cracks in his lips emerge, his brows furrow deeply, and his jaw locks tight as if to prevent any emotion from breaking through the barrier. There is something in him stirring. Stirring as it once had before. He felt it so much so that he felt as a little boy again. Kylo Ren lay there in there in the infirmary for several days. He didn’t want to stay there too long. He needed to reconvene with the Supreme to discuss his situation. The war was going to escalate. The Order surely will not hesitate to crush the Resistance. Or his mo— “Master Ren.” A humming robotic voice interrupts his long muse. “I’ve prepared several ailment remedies for you. I suspect a bacterial infection is cultivating within your—“ “You don’t have to suspect anything.” His eyes are closed but his voice all the more menacing. He felt just fine. At least he thought he did. “Get out.” “Master Ren, I surely suspect that if it does not get treated, your wound will gravely deteriorate your health. If you go on for more than a week before it gets treated, then you will look worse than you do now.” “What are you trying to say?” His voice is a low growl. “Sir. I do not need to be human to tell you that you look unwell.” His vision is black. Blank. Then it is filled with red and his senses are sweltered with pain. His eyes shoot open. The droid had poured a disinfectant inside the gaping wound without his consent and his arm flung out, a violent backlash, ripping the bolts and metalwork from the droid’s coffer. The droid waits there for any further command. “You don’t know how close I was to ripping you to shreds. But then… I realized how annoying it was getting to know a different droid every day. Don’t make me regret it.” He mildly went through four units before finding even the slightest leniency with this one. “I am delighted that you are fond of me.” The heart scans are all that is heard through the intervals of silence between the two. “But how am I to repair you, Master?” “You’ll manage. I’ll send for someone to fix you. I’m done talking.” The droid unrolls another gauze to replace the discolored one inside his body, handicapped now. Ren lets it change despite his serious intentions of demolishing it right then and there. But if it continued to babble its mouth surely he would lose his temper. “If you would continue to let me sanitize the inflicted wound, I do project a decrease in the critical bacterial count. I suggest you schedule an examination every hour or so to hasten the healing process. I believe it is the most effectual and efficient to nurse you back to full health. “ All he ever heard was the sounds of robotic chirping. It was quite unfortunate to be subjected to such sounds. At least, to Ren. “Keep quiet and do what you are programmed to do.” “You are very clear, Master. When should you like me to return?” “You don’t need to. You’ve done enough, droid.” “But Master, I am not yet finished with—“ “Do I need to destroy you too?” The droid responds with several obliging beeps and mechanically scuttles on out of there. Ren contemplates again, silently and now in significantly less pain, as much as he hated to admit. He closes his eyes. He remembers. It was just above his lower right hip. She probably punctured a vital organ. It was so damn painful that he could only fixate on the saber still purring inside his body. Against his skin. He felt it humming against his heartbeat. This kind of wound normally wouldn’t have hurt to such an extent. It wasn’t the physical pain, but of the spiritual stab that crippled him. He felt the Force within him change. His grip on it loosened. He felt the power drip through the spaces of his fingers as he strived to cling to it dearly before it escaped him again. As quickly as it went in, she switched his saber off with a reluctant and regrettable click, tossing the hilt aside as if she never wanted to do that weapon again. And as tall as he was, Ren collapsed to hands and knees with a heavy crash, foggy dark spots already claiming their place in vision. His breath quickened with each passing moment and his muscles betrayed him, pulling on him as dead weight rather than might. One arm served as a pillar to his mass, the other grasping at the evident hole in his lower-half. Thankfully, when the lightsaber largely pierced him through, the intensive heat burned the brims of his wound enough to have prevented extensive blood loss. As Ren laid there groaning in pain, Poe simultaneously collapsed with heavy gasps, his lungs hungrily sucking in air. Air he thought he’d never have the liberty to taste again. Poe was in a lot less trouble, so quickly he gathered his strength and rose to a pathetic attempt at straightening himself. “Rey. You saved me.” His voice was rasped and he was rubbing to soothe the throbbing welts along his neck. Ren couldn’t quite make out the sounds around him, just the low humming of his voice. Ren could remember how much he despised that man when he tried to grapple with the Force, trying to cause him pain through it. He couldn’t. Rey didn’t respond. She was only looking down at him. And he—looking up at her with furious golden eyes. She was devastated by her own actions. Her tears were there. Apparent and streaming wildly down her face. They dripped onto the metallic surface next to his body. Her tear drops dewed next to his face, and she fought hard to concentrate on that expression of his. He was so angry. He was so disappointed. He was… His limbs buckled underneath and he fell aside, one hand still cupping the pain that roared in his body, convulsing for only a second as he struggled to look at the woman looming over him. Then, the last memory he could recall was the darkness consuming his thoughts and her face…her face fading away. Rey... You betrayed me… … Back home. Safe and sound. However, returning to a friendly environment didn’t make her any more comfortable. She’d sped back to D’Qar with many of the captured slash undercover Resistance agents, with an exhausted fake-smile and arms drooping low at her sides. Of course she was congratulated by many, and more importantly, General Leia. The General attitude could be described as a worrisome, fuming mother who panned on children who didn’t listen (mostly Finn and Jessika), then replaced it as quickly as one would blink. Rey saw the breath of relief when everyone collected in sight. Then, as she hopped off the transport, Rey felt a twinge of guilt when she met with her eyes, downcast only to find that her only son was not there with her. No one was ever going to know what she did back on the Finalizer—to Kylo Ren—she’d stabbed him. Actions of the sort did not side well with the Jedi and she’d made Poe swear on this promise and how deeply it would ruin her. He was willing, compliant, and certainly grateful enough to look past that and honor her selfless act of bravery. Ben was either dead (which she pleaded to the Force that would not be the case) or he was plotting her assassination. Honestly, she deserved it. She deserved the pain tenfold, if it were to wash away the guilt that ate away at her. Even if it were to save a friend who’d been moments away from greeting death on his doorstep, what she’d done was beyond cruel. She did feel her actions through their bond—the saber thrust betrayal into his body and ripped out any indication of trust he had left inside. What he felt, she felt, more or less. The sense that she was better a rebel, a free woman, did not last long when she felt something within her…stirring. Something painful. Chaotic . A raging torrent ready to set her ablaze should she not douse it. It almost felt like a spiritual consumption of her being. The flickering flame that was once dormant and controlled inside…was now uncontrollable. And she found herself growing more irate by the day. Yelling even—at Poe, Finn, and Jessika when she’d babbled her mouth a little too much to concentrate on daily carry-ons. Rey had to hold back her voice one day when C-3PO would not cease to leave the woman to her own business. He kept insisting that she be sent in for medical inspection, but a mental health reading is what they really wanted. And Rey knew that. A few days following her arrival, when she heard engineers speaking amongst one another, she caught on hushed gossip that almost made her want to knock the teeth out of their mouths. They…they thought she there was something off about her. She reminded them a little too much of a younger Ben Solo. Rey demanded that she be sent to Ach-to again. She couldn’t deal with this place anymore. … The aged force-sensitive had all but stood there in lingering silence. A man that once he reached a certain point in his life, never seemed to age a day in his life anymore. He was always the same and even then, he still had the same haircut, the same strands of grey and white in his beard, and the same stain on his sleeve that never seemed to wash away. His hood folds over and his prosthetic hand—less cybernetic and bodily regulated—is all she could focus on. It slightly reminds her of him. Her head raises in a way to rebuke his actions these past few months, her arms folding over her chest, both angry and seeking an answer to every question that sidled in her mind. She does not realize it herself, but the Jedi master could detect a scowl forming on her features. Something about her had changed. Something he could sense to be…a crack in her composure. One that he had worked on creating for her, a bulk of what his guidance to her had been these past few years. “Why did you do it?” He does not know what to say anymore. Not to a face like that. “Don’t act like you don’t know.” If Luke were one to wear his emotions, his mouth would be wide open in her cold disrespect. The only thing he does, however, is furrow his thick graying brows. “You sent me to D’Qar knowingly. You knew that I would be captured.” Her voice is accusing and her fists clench underneath the warm crevice of her underarms. Through her hands, she could feel her own heartbeat coursing heavily through her chest. “I never wanted you to be captured.” His voice is grunge, low, and rumbling in the wispy winds of the mountainous island. “I never wanted that…” “You never made it clear that there was an army down there. You knew very well that not even you could’ve handled such a heavily armed force—“ “I had faith in you, Rey.” He takes a step forward as if to calm an animal, one that was ready to take off at any moment’s notice. “Leia did too.” “Ahh—“ She responds in a highly pitched, peppy talk. “That’s right. One of her men told me about what she did. She wanted this to happen, didn’t she? Looks like it didn’t work out too well for her.” “No—Rey—that’s not what either of us wanted. We had faith that you were more capable of finishing what Han started. We had faith that you were going to bring him back.” “Don’t bring Han into this. What could have faith possibly done for you?” Her nose and mouth scrunch upward alike, “If you wanted to bring Ben Solo home then why didn’t you do it yourself? Why didn’t Leia do it? He is your kin. Not mine.” “We did dream of it. We tried everything. But we realized that our love wouldn’t be enough. We wanted you to do it. You’re destined to—“ “You didn’t even try to contact me.” Her voice is soaking in animosity and her teeth bare like a feral animal. “No signal. No nothing. Not even in my dreams did you try to see if I was still alive!” “I have been—Rey. You must believe me when I say this, but I suspect that Kylo Ren had intercepted my messages.” “I couldn’t even sense you…” Rey says more softly now, the anger simmering away. “I would’ve sensed your presence. Not even a hint of it. When I blocked him off…not even then.” “Just because you did not sense him does not mean he was not there. He holds you in his hands as if you were a glove. He seeks to control you. Rey.” “I felt pretty in control… Master .” “It is not about whether you are able subdue him, but about the bond you two bury into the ground. The bond is what barricaded my mental projection from yours. He was always in the back of your mind. He was the hindrance in the connection, and I couldn’t contact you because of it.” “Don’t act like this was his fault. You were the one that sent me away to die.” In the light of day, the white in his robes outshone any cloud in the sky. His form straightened slightly and there is hurt in his weary eyes. “He was never going to kill you.” Kylo Ren had an attachment to Rey and Luke knew that. Not many people knew, but his nephew was not one to destroy something he favored more than any other. Which is why he held no qualms about having the two meet so indiscreetly. “And I suspect that you knew that to be very true...” It looked like he wanted to say something, but held back in consideration that it would offend her. “What?” She could tell what he is thinking. Her eyes do not interact with his at all, roaming anywhere they could—the grayness in the clouds, the moss on the rigid rocks, the fog wrapping mountain peaks like rings. “Are you going to say it too? That I’m just like him ?” “My young Padawan…that is not at all what I’m trying to say.” “Well?” She continues for him, wanting to know what his thoughts are. “You have light within you. You have compassion and strength. You are conducive to those you love and I do not doubt the goodness that spurs you to action. But…” His held in breath now slowly escapes his nostrils. “I cannot ignore the darkness that lives inside you as well.” “Darkness?” “Yes. And you are not wrong if you have tried to suppress it.” “I…” Her brows angle upward, her face bleaker by the second. “I see that he has unwound you. Toward the Dark Side. His ideology has been more effective in three months than all the years my teachings have brought upon. Snoke—he is someone I dare not confuse as a weak-minded individual. He was able to destroy Ben Solo. But you—I still have you.” “Destroy? He didn’t do anything to me.” “That is how it all began. Snoke preyed upon those who lacked guidance. Even with me, he still…” His back is turned. He wept many tears for the innocent he had lost long ago, but now, his emotions are dry and his feelings nonexistent. He only carried compassion. He sought for justice. He sought for the truth. He sought to make things right. “Then it all spiraled out of my control—and into his. Which is why I want to change. I want you to be able to make your own choices. You are more than capable of that, and that’s where I went wrong.” She puts her hand on his shoulder, squeezing a little. “Master.” She cuts in with a gentle frame of mind now, “it’s not your fault what happened to him. I know It’s not. But you need to understand that what you did almost killed me.” “I do. I was desperate to make amends—to fix my mistakes. But I see now that you are my solution. You are my legacy.” “Luke…” She sighs. Rey was not one to cry, but just then, she feels her cheeks become a little more wet than they should have. Even in this humidity. They hug instantaneously. One hug that was desperately needed for the both of them. Even though Rey was a changed woman, she still felt her connection to her old master. She knew what she had to do. And she was going to do it.