"Hey, Hux-" "No, Ren. For fuck's sake, go back to whatever it is that you were doing and leave me be." "But I have something for you." Hux should have known that when Kylo Ren had something planned, it very rarely ended up being what a normal sort-of-boyfriend would do. And, on some level, he was painfully aware of that, but this was far from what he could have expected. Stepping into the downright suspicious-looking shack that Ren had brought him to, Hux froze at the sight of a woman tied down to a table in the center of the room. Aside from the three of the, there wasn't much else occupying the space, just a small pile of what he would have assumed to be cleaning supplies and an ax that leaned against one side of the table, though he barely took a second to notice those objects. He was silent, hearing the soft sound of the door shutting behind him as well as the muffled cries emitting from the girl. "You really went through with it," Hux said, sounding a bit amazed as he walked up to the table and brushed his fingers over the girl's cheek. She tried to jerk away from the touch, as expected, but it was no use. Aside from her hands and feet being restrained, a rope had been tied into her hair as well as to a cement block under the table, keeping her head tilted back, her neck exposed, and preventing too much movement. "You spoke so passionately about it. How could I not?" Rather than answer, Hux turned his full attention to the girl in front of him. Hands shaking slightly with more excitement than the horror that he should have felt, Hux took ahold of the handle of the ax, feeling the full weight of it resting in his hands. Raising the ax, he pressed it against the woman's torso for a moment, just to watch as her breathing quickened and she struggled uselessly. 'Don't kill me, please. Please don't hurt me, ' he knew she would pleaded had she not been gagged. 'I'll do anything!' As convincing as that could have been had she actually been able to plea, it didn't stop him from removing the ax only to bring it down against her body harder, the first chop being immediately followed by a short, choked scream and spurts of blood, having gotten her shoulder more than her neck. The next swing came only after he had paused to admire the damage caused by the first, this one slicing through the long, pretty neck that already had stains of red. Hux left the ax where it had wedged into the wood of the table under the woman's body. Only after Hux felt a pair of arms wrap around his middle did he turn to glance back at Kylo, rather than the still, limp body and those wide, scared eyes that had held life only moments earlier. He was greeted with a smug, 'I knew it' sort of smile from the other man, followed by one of Ren's hands moving up to wipe at the blood splattered across his face. An action that really only caused the blood to smear further, but he could not quite find it in himself to mind it that much. No. Instead he pressed a short kiss to the other's lips. "Are you glad that you came along now?"" "Very much so, Ren. And, I think I have an idea about how to thank you properly..." Notes: My first time writing for this ship. I hope it turned out okay :3