All Change I: All Change The fine rain misted into Rey’s eyes and she grimaced, hopping off of the bus and waving thanks to the owner as it pulled away with a tired groan. There was a rush of heat from the hulking beast of the vehicle as it departed, mixing oddly with the cool September air and making Rey trot ever faster to the stark grey building in front of her, its face plain save for the unremarkable plaque that read Coruscant Gazette in chrome lettering She pushed the stiff door open with a squeak, shaking off the rain and sought out the front desk. Maz was here today, which accounted for something, at least. The older, slightly eccentric woman’s head was bowed as she worked on something out of sight, but Rey was barely at the counter before Maz’s wizened features met hers, and her face lit up. She adjusted her thick-lensed glasses, before inclining her head to the right of her slightly. ‘I’m surprised, my dear. You’re normally the first in this building.’ Her tone was teasing. The dual time-date clock next to her seemed to stare accusingly at Rey, the face reading 9:05. ‘Ah, car didn’t want to agree with me this morning, Maz,’ Rey replied as she pulled a dog-eared ring-binder towards to her and hastily signed herself in, tempted to alter her clocking-in time. If there was one thing Hux hated the most, it was tardiness. She was gasping for a coffee, as well. Maz seemed to read her mind, and pushed a full polystyrene cup towards Rey. ‘Here. Now, go on with you, and make the next headline of this tired old city. It needs it!’ She made a shooing motion, stalling any protests from Rey, and younger woman laughed, grasping the cup and heading towards the lift with a ‘Thanks, Maz!’ So far, it seemed, she was safe. Rey slipped behind her cluttered desk, eyes fixed on the few co-workers in the room with her. Perfect . Morning dilemma over (she’d have to attend to her grumbling, battered red car later) she could now concentrate on the day ahead. Which, could be a little, or a lot, depending on which of the journalists had work for her. Being a copy-editor was an okay job – it was steady, for one. But Rey couldn’t help but feel like she was the very last in the corporate chain, even though technically she was one of the more important cogs working for the newspaper. Yesterday’s pages on the latest “thrilling” incident, Rey thought wryly, sat neatly in front of her. A story on the last hit-and-run in the area. And then, before that, a harrowing article on the local creeps being spotted filming children in the leisure centre, which made Rey’s skin crawl as much at it made her blood boil at the same time. At least it wasn’t reports on thievery; those were the ones she disliked the most. A bright yellow post-it note sat on her diary (that explained where she left it, at least, after turning the flat upside down last evening). On it was a terse note from none other than her illustrious boss, simply informing her to ‘cease sending him asinine stories’. Rey huffed, and crumpled up the note. In her opinion, the newspaper needed something new. It was just car crashes, murders, assaults and robberies, day-in, day-out. Of course they had a duty to report these things to the community, but it just got all so…samey. And Rey had overheard comments that their reader count was dropping every month. So what if a tale about a hawk being rescued by fire-fighters from a tree was cliché? There wasn’t even an option for readers to send in their own stories, and Rey was convinced everyone who worked for this place, most of all Hux, was completely anal. ‘Woo-hoo, earth to Miss Sunshine. Are you there?’ The voice and hand waving in front of her face jolted Rey out of her internal monologue, and she jerked her head up with a ‘wha?’ to the receding figure of ‘Snap’ Wexley, headed towards to the doorway. ‘Been called to a meeting. Probably just finances and jargon, that kinda thing,’ Snap said as he leant against the doorjamb, coffee in hand. ‘Oh. Okay. Sure.’ She shrugged off her coat that she was somehow still wearing and exited with the jovial man. ‘Oh yeah, and after we’re done, I might have a case for you,’ Snap said, lowering his voice as they filed into the airy conference room with everybody else. Rey’s pace quickened, and she smiled thankfully at him, slinking into a chair nearby and hoping this meeting would be as quick as possible. A beat, and then the well-tailored of Armitage Hux strode into the room, standing at the head of the table before coming to face them all, adjusting the cuffs of his suit as he glanced over them all. Even though it was cursory, the red-head had a permanent expression of slight annoyance, as though everyone failed to use a coaster when they sat down their tea or coffee, even when he wasn’t looking. It was hard to make eye contact with a man who made you feel like he was constantly criticising you in his mind (which, to be honest, he probably was). He launched into his usual introduction, before delving into the usual jargon, as Snap had remarked, that Rey barely listened to. There something about numbers (probably ones that were falling) and then she noticed that all her colleagues were scribbling notes rather than looking Hux in the eye as he spoke. And that she had left her pen and jotter in her bag… Rey bit her lip, trying to remain innocuous as all the others looked busy while she did not (which prescribed laziness, another one of Hux’s pet peeves) She had all her copy work done however, so there wasn’t really anything he could call her on. Her stomach twisted as she imagined him subtly bringing up her ‘story-telling’ in front of everyone, or worse, actually calling her out on it. ‘Miss Kenobi, I am informed that we have a story for you to chase,’ Hux’s voice rang out loudly, sounding bored. ‘If you see Phasma afterwards, I’m sure she will enlighten you as to the details,’ he sniffed, twitching his jacket before exiting the room. Rey sat for a minute in shock. The room was empty by the time she left, but it looked like just she alone had been in there the entire time. They were actually going to trust her? Was this all some sick joke? Phasma twitched the notes next to her, looking back and forth between them and Rey. Her editor-in-chief was only just more passable to deal with than her boss. There were office rumours that she and Hux had been leading journalists for a rival newspaper, and so the woman was not someone to be trifled with. Although Rey did feel more comfortable in her presence, she just wanted to get whatever it was she was meant to do and get on it. Maybe even get out of the office, and go home. ‘So, Rey,’ Phasma said brightly, steepling her fingers together over her notes, ‘as you know, kids today –they’re a mess. Parents don’t know what’s going on with them anymore. What they do in school, what they do out of school. I heard earlier this week from an outside source that this is what they want to know. This is something our readers are looking out for. And, given your background, this is where you come in.’ Rey was still riding smoothly on the high of actually being given a large responsibility for the first time in the four years she’d worked the gazette that the quasi-compliment didn’t affect her too greatly. She preferred not to be reminded of her past, thank you very much. However, she failed to see how she could discover the less savoury on-goings of pupils easily. Hanging around the building, looking for student haunts and hideouts? It could work, but… Oh. Oh no. Rey swore her blood pressure dropped as she realised the implications of Phasma’s words. ‘We would like you to go, undercover, as a student. Integrate yourself with them. Find out all those little details, who is sleeping with whom, who smokes, who does drugs, and where.’ Rey took this in. ‘So,’ she drew the word out, ‘I’m going to be writing an exposé. For a secondary school.’ Phasma tapped a pen to her palm thoughtfully. ‘Not exactly. Not for the school involved, anyhow. They’re staying out of it. The parents, though, they want to know what their little angels are getting up to,’ she mused at Rey, raising an eyebrow. ‘And, yes, after you collate your report and if it gets published, we may have more work on our hands…’ Her already knotted stomach protested at Rey bit out the next part. ‘And what school is this?’ Head on palm, glancing at her notes, Phasma drawled, ‘Well, we’re not going to go for the better-off schools, not for this piece anyway. Ofsted reports from last year and the three previous years suggest that there are a few suffering. If we help them, you know, out the troublemakers, maybe we can help them get a better standing.’ Then the words ‘Jakku Comprehensive’ seemed to ring in Rey’s ears like a proclamation of judgement. She groaned inwardly. This wasn’t the best day she’d had. As Rey crested the dingy stairs, she could hear a blur of sounds coming from what seemed to be her flat. Well, her and Finn’ s flat. There was a metallic clatter from within and a few choice expletives. Once she was inside, she came face to face with the tiny studio flat looking like a bomb-site: clothes strewn about, a take-away food carton knocked over, and a laptop perched precariously on the coffee table. The charger wire snaked to the wall where a disgruntled Finn lay curled up next to the bay window, shaking. She started and hurried over to him, concern for her friend who was more like a brother to her filling her gut. Then she noticed the unusual parcel in Finn’s arms: what looked like a tan jacket, fashioned with a red stripe. And that the parcel was moving . ‘Finn, how– what are you doing?’ Disbelief and some amusement coloured her voice. There was a muffled reply from her friend, something that sounded like ‘I can’t let it go’ and maybe the word ‘cat’, but she wasn’t sure. Just as Rey was about to relieve Finn of the living burden, it burst out of his death-grip, and a colourful streak barrelled past them, jumping on the coffee table. Rey gaped at the white-and-orange cat now sitting; purring contentedly at it smoothed back down its fur, and then turned to a somewhat sheepish looking Finn. ‘Finn, you know we’re not allowed animals here, we’ve discussed this-’ ‘Well, y’know what, I was out and about, minding my own business, and it – it found me,’ Finn replied indignantly, pointing at the cat as he did so with a particularly pointed jab on the word ‘it’. The cat didn’t take kindly and hissed at him from across the room. ‘Well, what about the jacket?’ ‘That found me too,’ Finn said, somewhat exasperated, especially now Rey gave him a pointed look at that. ‘I’m serious, you would not believe the day I am having. That,’ he pointed again, earning him another hiss, ‘S-stop it! – that turned up outside the flat. With this,’ he held up the jacket appraisingly to Rey. She pursed her lips and softly approached the cat. ‘Maybe it’s a stray.’ She caught sight of a glint at the cat’s neck. ‘Ah, wait. Collar.’ There was no name on the black collar, but a tag with an orange symbol that was crescent-like with a top-part that split into three small branches. Other than that was the silver info barrel; Rey popped it open to reveal a short message that read ‘My name is BB-8, mascot to the Resistance, please return me if I go wandering!’ But no phone details, no address. Finn made a face. ‘Bee-bee-ate, what kind of odd name is that?’ Rey smiled at him as she petted ‘BB-8’. ‘I think it’s kind of cute. Different. And as for the jacket, maybe it’s his owner’s?’ Finn stood up and brushed white fur vigorously off of him. ‘I dunno, but you’re right, we can’t hang on to him. We’re barely gonna make rent this month as it is; we don’t need an animal to look after and feed.’ He looked at his watch. ‘Speaking of work, you’re back early. Hux got tired of you?’ ‘As a matter of fact, Hux gave me something more to do than being the guinea-pig for everybody else’s work. Although…’ ‘That’s great, Rey! They’re finally recognising you for who you are as a team-player!’ He trailed off when he noticed her less than joyful expression, and the way her eyes were downcast as she chewed her lip anxiously. Finn reached out and gripped her shoulders. He knew that look, and what it meant. ‘Who brought it up – what did they say. I- I’ll go and say something to them, I will. Was it Snap? Or what about the higher-’ ‘Finn, no. They…they’ve asked me to go undercover as a student. To report. But it’s not just any school. It’s – it’s Jakku, Finn.’ Rey felt herself getting frustrated. To be so close, and yet so far. Why couldn’t she just put her past behind her? She was twenty-two now; it had been years since she’d stepped foot in that place, years since she’d been the old Rey, the Rey who wrestled with her circumstances but got pulled under. Finn sighed. ‘Well, what’s the up-side?’ ‘I get everyone else off my back for a while? And I might just get a raise if this goes well for the company. I just – I’m worried, Finn.’ She tried not to let her eyes mist over, but he pulled her into a hug which somehow made it worse. ‘So you start as a sixth-former?’ Rey muffled a ‘yeah’ into his faded t-shirt. ‘Phas sent me an email; I get to choose one subject I would like, otherwise I’m taking four GCEs.’ Another long sigh. ‘At least it’s only for two months.’ The rest of Thursday passed by with little else happening. Finn was tapping away furiously on his laptop, trying to find out who this ‘Resistance’ were, whilst Rey sat in the bay window, staring out until the shops and scurrying pedestrians merged into a blur with the grey rain. BB-8 had taken quickly to them both and was curled out by her feet, acting as a furry hot water-bottle. She was to meet up with the department head tomorrow – someone by the name of Dopheld, who was apparently in charge of the transition of students from secondary education to what was basically pre-University education. She’s been told she had to take a science, a language, something vocational like health and beauty or technology (Rey knew what she’d be going for, but it hung on how much the place had changed in terms of what subjects it offered) but the last was up to her. She glanced at the stack of new books on the shelf opposite. At least she’d have more time to read. Her dreams that night were filled with amorphous beings, laughing at her as she sat in ragged clothing at a desk that had a broken leg. Chapter 2 : Deep End Notes: Enter Professor Ren. Un-beta'd. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Deep End Rey pulled up slowly to one of the empty visitor bays, staring down the front of the red-brick building. It seems to have had a lot of work done since she’d been there; wide and long sandy-coloured stairs leading up the school foyer with wide glass doors. There was student work in the windows, evidently the latest from the art department. Inside she could see broad-leaved house plants flanking the entrance. She peered at the dashboard clock, which told her it was 8:25, so she would at least avoid the scramble and rush of students as she went inside. She had rather hoped that meeting up the head of the sixth-form department the previous Friday would make the challenge easier, but the almost mousy Dr.Mitaka had insisted on meeting during after-school hours in the local café. She let out a shaky sigh. She could do this, she could do this, has been her mantra since she’d got the offer. It wasn’t impossible. She could. The car door open with a clunk and she stepped out, her long oat-coloured long cardigan swirled about her thighs. She’d chosen her style so she wouldn’t stand out like a sore thumb – not too conspicuous, or loud, but not frumpy either. It kind of reflected the area, as well, given that Jakku always seem to be more arid than anywhere else, even in the autumn and winter months. Just then, there was a grumbling roar that she felt in her bones, and Rey watched as a heavy-set, black motorbike(that looked like a Yahama YZF-R6, however unlikely given its hefty price tag) appeared from a clump of trees round the corner, coming to an abrupt halt before the path leading up the entrance stairs. Rey blinked, still half-way out of her car, holding on the roof. Maybe it was the biker’s leathers that made them seem bigger than they were, but this person seemed like a giant. The biker dismounted, kicked the metal stand out, before turning to walk up the path, shouldering a large, wide-mouthed tan bag. As he (or she; Phasma herself was testament to the fact women could be pretty sizeable) did so, he turned his helmeted head to glance at her. Damn. She must have been staring pretty hard. It was the biker’s helmet and its odd design that caught her eye. It seemed pretty battered, littered with a fair few scratches and dents. The visor wasn’t the usual one, instead looking more like eye-pieces, or goggle-like if more than anything. A curious silver pattern of lines framed the visor, making it look like a mask. So far, so good . The sixth-form block was actually only a few years old, and so didn’t bring back any painful memories. There was a small room full of shiny blue lockers – a luxury the other years in the school didn’t have – and then a nicely furnished common room, complete with tea-making facilities. It was empty, save for a dark-haired girl dressed in orange who was sitting on a faux-leather sofa on the far side, browsing through a pile of textbooks. Rey set her satchel down at the foot of the armchair opposite. It was only just gone nine, but the older students were afforded an extended morning registration period, and so the building was quiet. Good. Time to relax before the madness set in. There were two texts from Finn, as she checked her phone, one asking if she had got there and the other wishing her well. Rey smiled to herself. Finn was truly her best friend, but also much like a brother to her as well. And then he also played the over-protective, overly concerned dad role to boot. Padded footsteps next to her. The other girl was standing next to her casually, smiling kindly. ‘Hi,’ she stuck out a palm, ‘I’m Jessika. Jessika Pava.’ ‘Rey. Kenobi.’. ‘Haven’t seen you round here before. You must be new here. Well,’ Jessika paused with a tinkling little laugh, ‘I guess we’re technically both new here. This your first year?’ Rey could already feel herself warming to her. ‘Um, yeah, I, just moved here from Coruscant, actually,’ she reeled off smoothly. She’d practiced this –the backstory. Even though it wasn’t uncommon for students from schools to go to a neighbouring one’s sixth-form college, you were generally a part of the community in the area, and people at least knew who you were. Rey was no-one, in the scheme of things. ‘Oh, nice. I’m not really a city-girl, myself. Born and raised in Dandor: clean air, wide, open spaces. Not like this place,’ she joked, crossing her arms and glancing briefly out the window.’ ‘You nervous?’ Jessika then lowered her voice to a conspiratorial whisper. ‘Don’t worry, I am too.’ Understatement of the century , Rey thought to herself. ‘Not really,’ she lied, feeling her stomach flutter, ‘it’s just the schedule I’m looking at.’ Jessika made a noise of agreement. ‘I know, right?’ She walked over to where her books and bag were, then grabbed a chair and scooted over to the table. Planner complete with schedule out, she poured over it. ‘Four subjects; english lit, physics with aerodynamics, business studies, and philosophy,’ she stated, tapping a pen on the neat timetable with each word.’ Rey brightened. ‘You’re taking Lit too? Do you know what we’re doing this year? Who’s taking it?’ Jessika looked thoughtful. ‘Last year it was poetry, apparently, Thomas Hardy and all that. The curriculum changed this year, though, and I heard on the grapevine that it’s a theme. Good riddance to studying just one over-analysed text...’ She paused. ‘As for who’s leading, I’m pretty sure-’ There was a trilling sound from somewhere on the floor, and Jessika dove into her open bag, pulling out a phone; she hoisted her bag on one shoulder, before mouthing ‘I’ll see you later’ and trotting out the room. Rey watched as she left and then, clicking her mobile back on, starting to compose another text to Finn, telling him that she’s arrived okay, and had met someone who was actually nice to her. But it wasn’t until she’d finished (the screen was worn and she keep mistyping) that she realized it had gone half nine and she was already late for her first class of the day. Shit. Hot anxiety gnawed at her stomach as Rey padded quietly down the now silent corridors. Usually her timekeeping was next to impeccable – having had a slave-driver by the name of Unkar Plutt did that. The door to the physics lab was, much to Rey’s chagrin, right at the front of the room, so there was no way she’d go unnoticed. She could do this . Just, walk in there like somehow she wasn’t late, do the usual apologising – even though she didn’t know the teacher’s name, so that didn’t help… She pushed the door open sharply in a burst of confidence, and strode in to be met with a sea of rather bored-looking students and a peeved man in a starchy white overcoat. He eyed her with scrutiny, pausing in handing out ring-bound packets. ‘I’m sorry I’m late, Sir. I’m new here, and had trouble finding this place.’ Rey found she almost had to force the words out; yes, she was late, but this man was looking at her expectantly, with an expression that was all too similar to Hux’s. ‘Well,’ he said, the words clipped, coming to drop a packet – a syllabus, she noted, glancing at it quickly, ‘I trust you’ll find it much faster next time. Please feel free to ask for a compass, or a map, if you must.’ She tried to suppress the painful memory his tactless words launched: a younger Rey scurrying into the first class on her first day after a nightmare morning with Plutt. Her uniform was stained with engine oil, and her bag was already torn. The eccentric biology professor pointed The Accusing Finger at her, declaring her a disruptive influence and a decadent. The ones just as bad as her crowed and jeered, whilst the high achievers sat and preened with the schadenfreude. Rey bit the inside of her cheek, biting out, ‘Thank you,’ looking at the syllabus again, ‘Dr. Statura,’ as politely as possible. Making her way along the aisle, she spotted Jessika looking sympathetic and sitting on the very back row. She sat down heavily on a spare lab stool, dumping her satchel and making sure to scrape the cheap plastic feet along the floor as she did. ‘Were you okay back there? I mean – it’s not great being singled out, especially by Statura, but it looked like you, kind of, zoned out for a bit.’ ‘I just had a, uh bad experience with school early in my life, that’s all.’ Rey brushed off the question as she sipped her coffee. ‘More than a few, actually,’ she muttered under her breath, looking away and at the bustling cantina around her ‘Oh, I see.’ Jessika looked concerned. ‘Well, I’m happy to, y’know, keep an eye out for you.’ Her face brightened. ‘Oh, I know. You can come and join The Resistance. I suppose it’s like a fraternity, only not as binding, and it’s not run by just men. I founded it.’ ‘Oh, I-’ Rey hesitated. She knew that she had to get more involved with the deeper dealings of the students here at Jakku, but it was only day one, and besides, she felt this wasn’t the right crowd to be investigating. Jessika was too nice. At least, that’s what kept telling herself. ‘That’s really kind of you, Jessika, but…I think I can handle myself,’ she tried to joke. Jessika shrugged as she down the rest of her coffee, peering over the rim as she downed it. Standing up once she’d come back up for air, she tossed the cup into the bin with a well-practised hand. ‘Now, c’mon, or you’ll be late. Again.’ As they walked to the block at the far end of the grounds, Rey noticed a huddle of older teens walking in the same direction as them, and giving her the evil eye. One of them, a stocky guy with dirty blonde hair who appeared to be the ringleader judging by the way he commanded an atmosphere over the others, was also giving her elevator eyes. His possible attractiveness was instantly cancelled out for her by the way he was appraising her. Rey had experienced this all too much back in Niima, with both boys and men alike (and sometimes, rarely, women) and it made her skin crawl. Jessika noticed, her face grim. ‘Don’t worry about them. That’s just Teedo. He’s got no respect for anyone.’ Rey was torn between quickening her pace to get of their way and deliberately slowing down to annoy the surly bunch but then Jessika was tugging the handle of her satchel and pulling her into a concealed side-entrance. ‘This way’s faster.’ Rey said nothing. Here we go again, Rey thought at pulled the door and then quickly pushed it hoping would notice she hadn’t seen the clear ‘PUSH’ sign on the metal panel. It swung easily and hit the wall with a thunk. The class was silent and their heads were bowed. Thankfully, the entrance seemed to open to the rear of this classroom, and so she snuck in, letting Jessika ahead of her to scoot down a row and joining her. She was barely sat down when a deep voice called out: ‘I appreciate your enthusiasm for punctuality, Miss Kenobi, but you needn’t be so delayed for today’s lesson that you are in fact early for tomorrows.’ His voice had an unusual yet pleasant twang to it, and he busied with writing in large cursive script on the whiteboard, back turned. Rey found her own voice, hackles rising at being called out and humiliated for the second time this morning just as this freakishly tall guy faced the class and bored holes into her as he practically stared her down. He seemed familiar; dressed smartly, if a little uncoordinated, in a pale mustard shirt, overlaid by a patterned jumper and finished with a grey jacket. He wore no tie, and his angular face and sharp features were framed by black waves that were combed back over his prominent ears. He had the kind of face that made you look twice, because he wasn’t conventionally attractive, but interesting to look at. Not that Rey was staring, or anything. Maybe she could only stare back at the dark, piercing eyes behind thick-framed glasses. ‘For future reference, class starts on the dot where I run things, so it would be in your best interest to get here early, next time.’ With that he scribbled a last letter on the whiteboard; it read ‘Professor Ren, English Literature: Love Through The Ages’ Rey made a face at his back and started making quick notes; her eyes were drawn to Ren as he perched on the end of his desk, book in hand. Her eyes were drawn to two very significant items on his desk with him. A large tan bag, and a black and silver helmet with a snout-like front. The first thing that came to Rey’s mind was that he must be pretty loaded to have bought and to run the R6 she’d seen in the parking area earlier (she didn’t know exactly what teachers earned, but it wasn’t enough given that they seemed to be on strike more than they taught). The second thing, which ought to have been more important, was that he was a weird-looking guy who evidently was an arse and liked staring girls out. Jessika nudged Rey with her elbow, jerking her head to the front to where Ren had now hopped down from his perch to his seat, and where the students were forming a jagged line up to him.She huffed, quietly, and reluctantly joined them. When Jessika, who once again kindly went in front, cleared out the way she again met the interested-looking Ren, who held out a clipboard for her to sign. Had he not been sitting down he would have towered over her, and Rey wasn’t timid by any means and would sock anyone who so much as looked at her wrong. There was, however, a queasy tension here, as if she wanted to bolt but also wanted to stay. Ren’s head was tilted, chin up as he watched her, and as she all but snatched the text list from his hands he smiled – no, smirked- and glanced over her, appearing thoughtful. ‘I look forward to having you in my class, Miss Kenobi. I’ve heard great things about you.’ Rey could only nod tightly, getting back to her seat as quickly as possible. She didn’t trust herself to say anything polite as this moment. She told herself he was being an uncaring dick who enjoyed making others uncomfortable and that it was nothing, but that didn’t stop his words shooting a bolt of sick panic through her. ‘Now, for this year we will be covering –as able-sighted of you will be able to tell- the theme of love through the ages. The board has agreed to put forward a selection of texts, including novels and drama, and in the latter part of the year you will all write an essay based on a text of your own choosing,’ There was a hushed but pleased sounding murmur rushing about the room at his words, and in reply Ren nodded in response. The rest of the lesson passed with a detailed covering of the texts they would be studying, and most likely analysing to death. Ren fired a few questions, drawing out what they already knew about the authors and the writing styles, if any, but Rey was determined not to give him the pleasure of her answering, so she kept silent, thinking of all the ways she could get transferred to another class. ‘…For next week, I would like you all to pick a passage you enjoy from your own favourite text to share with us. It will be a chance for you to show us how well you can pick apart a passage, no matter how small, and also to show myself what level you are at. I only request nothing written by those teen authors, or any of that unrealistic, saccharine fluff,’ he said pointedly, looking particularly at a gaggle of girls in the front row, who just laughed in response. Rey avoided looking at Ren as she departed the room, sorting her bag as an unspoken excuse. She could feel his eyes on her back again. Notes: Thanks for all the feedback so far! Also, just in case anyone is massively confused, this is set in the UK (where I'm from, and because I write stories set in other countries badly) so the education that Rey is 'taking' is 16-18, pre-University and I suppose the equivalent of what would be Advanced Placement in US. Motorbike Ren? Yes. (You're welcome for the mental imagery) Notes: I just love the Teacher/Student AU, and so this fic happened. It's been a while since I wrote anything for fandom, so please bear with me. Also this is currently unbeta'd, so all mistakes are mine. Thanks for reading! :)