Lady Simone knew that her weekend would belong to the First Order. The First Order would visit the planet, Hoffmon, to get supplies, go drinking, and would be kissing up to the Royal family, figuratively and literally. General Hux would visit the Princess Sommer to discuss support for the First Order, but he would leave with slightly wrinkled pants. She hated General Hux for many reasons. Firstly, he was thirty years old while Princess Sommer was twenty. Second, He could never take a joke, except from Princess Sommer. Third, he was pushy and controlling towards Princess Sommer, at times. Lastly, he is so boring. He only spoke about the First Order and military history. She couldn’t understand why the Princess was so obsessed with General Hux .She could do so better than him. She is going to be Queen of Hoffmon one day. She has plenty of proper suitors to choose from, but General Hux was not as bad Captain Phasma who “accidentally” knocks her down more than often than not. She rather deal with General Hux and Captain Phasma than Kylo Ren. Kylo was the worst out of three due to his bitchy and childish attitude. She got never got why people were scared of him. He do not kill people,he just destroyed things. Tonight, he is coming along with the rest of the First Order. She would help entertain the First Order while the Princess Sommer “talks” to General Hux. “ Simone ,Pay attention,”said Princess Sommer as held two dresses. “What?”asked Simone. “ Help me decide what dress to wear”, said Princess Sommer. Simone saw the two dresses , one was a glittering strapless silver mermaid style dress and the other was a pink floral with princess style. “ Why does it matter, You are going to be naked after dinner ?”replied Simone. Princess Sommer give her friend a dirty look. “ Simone,I have to make sure General Hux is keeps his interest in me so the First Order will protect us from Des and buy our resources”, said Princess Sommer as she was putting the pink dress on. “ There are other options and Hux is asswipe “,cried Simone. “ We tried other ways it did not work and Hux is good guy who believe in a cause “, said Princess Sommer. Simone knew it was not to argue with her.Hux had brainwashed her into thinking that the first order was good. Chapter 2 There was one thing that Simone liked about the First Order coming to the palace was that Chef Ryan made a lot of good food that Simone loved. They served: smoked ham, turkey, baked chicken, meatloaf, mac n cheese, mash potatoes, cooked vegetables, and chocolate cake. She had considered this a treat for all her hard work. The food somewhat made up for her having to entertain the First Order. Princess Sommer made her do it because Simone could keep things under control. One time, she stopped Kylo Ren from destroying vase that was considered a royal heirloom. That was one of her proudest moments. The shuttle arrived at 6:00pm on the dot. General Hux was big on time. He saw his Princess as much as possible. All of the court was there to greet the First Order. Captain Phamsa and Storm Troopers, then the Knights of Ren, next the Officers of First Order, the last to descend were General Hux and Kylo Ren. They bowed to Princess Sommer. “Princess Sommer, it is a honor to be invited here and bask in your presence”, said Phamsa. “The First Order is always welcome”, said Princess Sommer. Simone is rolled her eyes and whispered to Kelsey, “Captain Phamsa is a fake-ass-bitch “. Kelsey giggled and replied. “Too true .“ General Hux rose and caressed her hand. He then raised her hand to his lips to bestow a kiss upon it. “Princess Sommer, it is a great pleasure to see you again,” purred General Hux. “It is a pleasure to see you as well, General Hux,” said the princess with a light blush. “I wonder how long they are going to last with their clothes on”, commented Kelsey. “Less than an hour ,“Simone quipped. Everyone headed towards the dining hall. Due to the Duchess having a child recently, Simone had to sit between with Kelsey and Kylo Ren. Simone wanted to hate the Duchess for not being here because she had sit next to Mr.Bitchy Pants. She sighted. At least it was not with Captain Phamsa and Kylo Ren. She noticed Kylo Ren wasn’t eating a thing. “So are you going to eat or just pretend the food is your enemy?” Kelsey and few others giggled but Kylo Ren was annoyed. “Lady Simone, I suggest you do not make smart ass comments towards people such as myself”, said Kylo Ren with a low growl. She shook it off. Simone wish that her friend was not feeling up General Hux at the moment. “The great Kylo Ren should be able to handle a simple joke”, snarked Simone. Kylo Ren did not say another word and Simone liked it that. After dinner was wrapped up, Princess Sommer and General Hux went to “ talk”. Simone prefered the term “fucking with the Ginger”. Simone began to move people to the the gaming room, while others chose to go out drinking. Everyone, We are going to play to Sabacc”, said Simone. “How predictable”, said Kylo Ren with an annoyed tone. Simone twitched for a minute in anger, then she spoke. “We can play guess what under Kylo Ren’s mask.” More laughter ensued. Kylo Ren glared and everyone stopped laughing “Sabacc is fine”, said Kylo Ren. “Good,”said Simone as smiled. “Who wants to play? asked Kelsey. “I do,” multiple people chorused. The game went on for sometime. “I win”, said Simone to Kylo Ren proudly. “Good job, Lady Simone”, said Kylo Ren boredly. “Thank you”, said Simone as smirked. Her joy was quickly shut down “YOU LIED TO ME SOMMER”, shouted General Hux. “I AM SORRY BRENDOL BUT I HAD TO DO THIS,” yelled Princess Sommer. “I DON’T BELIEVE ANY OF YOUR CRAP!” “ BRENDOL, I LOVE YOU!”. Everyone went to go to see what going on. Many wanted to see the fight. Everyone could see that Hux’s face was redder than his own hair and Princess Sommer was crying. “IF YOU LOVED ME ,YOU WOULD MARRY ME AND HAVE OUR CHILDREN”, Shouted General Hux. Simone was ready to crawl into a hole. This particular dinner had caused her a lot of strife. She hadn’t had the duchess’s aid and Kelsey was only a maid. “General Hux cannot have children, for he is a droid”, said Kylo Ren. Simone and others laughed at Kylo Ren's joke. “REN! I AM NOT A DROID! AND MIND YOUR OWN BUSINESS”, shouted General Hux. “Calm down Brendol, let’s go and talk in private,” Princess Sommer soothed. “No I don’t want to talk to you”, said General Hux. “Fine, You ginger asswipe! Get out of my sight,” Princess Sommer commanded. Simone would have thought this a dream come true if she hadn’t seen the anguished look on her princess’s face. She could never be truly heartless. General Hux did as she said. “EVERYONE GET ON THE SHIP NOW,” shouted General Hux. General Hux left first, then Captain Phamsa and everyone else followed. Simone and Kelsey went to comfort their Princess. “Man, I want to go drinking later,” said FN-4557. “I know the bartender is pretty hot,“ said FN-6774. After everyone left, Princess Sommer began to cry. “Kelsey, fetch the Naboo wine”, said Simone. Chapter 3 General Hux had been with other women before Princess Sommer, but he would usually grow bored of them. Or they would grow bored of him. Princess Sommer was different from the other women that he has met . She was not spoiled like most of the princesses but she was not Princess Leia. She was in her own little category. He became aware of that with his first audience with her. She had demanded that General Hux would speak directly to her for his proposal for an alliance. She wanted all of the details to be heard in person. General Hux was impressed by her hands on approach. Soon, they began speaking on a regular basis. They shared a love for military history and common hatred for the Republic. Together they could talk or make love to each other for hours. No other woman could compare. Most of the women he had met were annoying airheads or quiet and submissive like his mother. He could actually picture a future with the princess. He could visualize them getting married, ruling the galaxy, and then building a dynasty that would be legendary. “General Hux, I need your signature,” Major Kimes called out to the stressed man. General Hux grabbed the document and read the form that cafeteria will now be serving mac and cheese every day. He made a hasty signature. Major Kimes scurried off. He felt the rage coming off of the general in waves. Soon after Kimes had fled Kylo Ren strolled into Hux’s office. “Feeling a little frustrated now that your Princess cut you off,“ Kylo Ren teased. General Hux wished Kylo Ren did not have the force. He also wished that he had carried his blaster to kill the man standing before him. “What are you on about? I left her”, said General Hux in a snooty tone. Kylo was momentarily confused and was glad that his mask hid his expression well. “Why? It doesn’t matter. She can do much better than your Droid self.” Kylo said cruelly. General Hux twitched. “She has been speaking with suitors and has been taking contraceptives,” Hux growled as he clenched his fists. Kylo Ren laughed for a minute. “Aww poor Ginger General. He cannot married his Princess,” Kylo Ren mocked. He was very pleased with this outcome. It left him space to push several red buttons. “Ren, you can’t even pay anyone to sleep with you. Your cock has only be touched by your own hands,“ the general quipped. “I do not need to buy love, General. Women come to me,“ said Kylo with a smirking tone. Hux fumed as he watched the man leave but not before giving him a one finger salute as the black figure swept out of the room. Captain Phasma loved that the General’s office is her so she hear all of the news. She would tell Sheila about it what she had overheard when she returned to her bunk room. Shelia would tell Jason, who would tell Maki, who would then tell Roy and so on. Soon Everyone in the base was knew about General Hux’s issues. Tommy heard that General Hux dumped princess because she was carrying some pilot’s baby. Gina heard that General Hux dumped princess when she wouldn’t give him oral. Barry thought that Princess Sommer dumped General Hux because General Hux's breath stinks. Jackie heard that Sommer dumped her because he was infertile. Ryan heard that the King rejected General Hux's proposal to marry his daughter. There were even whispers among some of the women that Kylo and Hux were having an affair behind the princess’s back. It was when Supreme Leader Snoke had heard some of the rumors that he demanded conference with General Hux. General Hux was nervous because Supreme Leader Snoke has been pushing towards for more allies. “Supreme Leader Snoke,”greeted General Hux as he strutted into the meeting hall. “General. I have heard rumors that you. Rumors that you are having troubles with the Princess of Hoffmon,” spoke Supreme Leader Snoke. “Supreme Leader Snoke, this is just a little spat. They are still loyal to the First Order,” General Hux replied hopefully. “General Hux, You must go to Hoffmon and make peace with the Princess of Hoffmon,” ordered the Supreme Leader. “Yes,” said General Hux. “And Bring Kylo Ren with you.” “Yes Supreme Leader Snoke”, said General Hux. He scowled. Why did he need to bring Kylo wherever he went. This was going to be interesting mission. Chapter 4 Princess Sommer thought about General Brendol Hux Junior all night when she was alone. She tried to explain how her parents, especially her father, did not approve of her marrying a general and how it would endanger her rights to become queen. Since she was a little girl, she had been dreaming about being queen. She had so many plans for when she became queen. She wanted to focus on improving water, getting more trading partners, and firing some of the servants. She loved and wanted to marry Brendol but she knew that she could possibly lose her throne. She wished things were as simple as they were when they were starting out. Hoffmon and the First Order threw a grand ball with forty person band, four hundred pounds of shrimp and five hundred bottles of champagne to celebrate with the newly formed alliance. Princess Sommer wore a purple, strapless-ballgown, with a jeweled top and bottom. She accent the outfit with white gloves, rhinestone earrings and a necklace. Some of her hair was curled while the rest was pinned elegantly away from her face. When General Hux saw her, he felt his pants became tighter. He was chosen to be her first dance partner of the evening. Everyone witnessed a great love story between the them. Only the Kylo Ren groupies could break them apart. They were jealous that Lady Simone got dance with Kylo Ren a few times. It wasn’t as if the lady had wanted to dance. It was Kylo or to dance with the creepy suitors. Princess Sommer had to save her lady from their evil clutches by dancing Kylo Ren herself. Near the end of the event, General Hux and Princess Sommer snuck off with each other. She led him to her bedchambers. General Hux reached around her to unzip her dress. The dress fell to reveal a corset with matching lace underwear. Princess Sommer removed his jacket button by button. He groaned as he felt the cool air. She reached for his belt. She smirked devilishly as it slid off. His shirt came off in much haste. General Hux grabbed her ass has he roughly dragged her to himself. He mashed his rough lips to her soft ones. General Hux unlaced her corset. It dropped to the floor in a thudd. His rough hands had now lost their gloves. He began to play with her large breasts. She let out a harsh groan when he began to suck and nibble at her perky nipples. Princess Sommer moaned with abandon. Hux reached for her thighs. His hands had only one destination. He hooked his fingers around the last bit of clothing she had on. It slid tantalizingly down her legs. She groaned at the new feeling of her hot center being exposed to the cool air. He pushed her towards the bed behind them. She felt the sheets below her, soft. She lay back and exposed her core to the general. General Hux removed his underwear hastily. He crawled upon the bed. They were both panting with need. His face was flushed enough to put his ginger hair to shame. He would fuck her slow and softly until she would begged to be fuck harder and faster. General Hux force himself into her hole. Both moaned from the heat. He slid in slowly and watched her face. Her face was overcome with divine pleasure. He pumped himself. In. Out. In. He kept repeating the pattern until she moaned for more. He drove himself in faster and faster. The princess was beginning to scream in the heat of the moment. He soon felt his end drawing near. He was dominant. He would make her go first. She was drawing close. She could feel her heat becoming unbearable. Her mouth was stuck open as she tossed her head around moaning. Her hair was covered in sweat and was coming undone. There it was. The floodgates had opened. She released a room shattering moan. He made her cum. Her tight walls clenched around him. He moaned her name as he fell against her chest. He slowly withdrew from her pussy. Their juices leaked from her. She moaned again as she felt it slid down her leg. He pulled the covers over them. “Snuggle with me, my princess,” purred General Hux as he gently pulled her to his hot body. “As you wish,” teased Princess Sommer as she rolled over to face him. She laid her head on his chest. “I love you,“ said Hux. He was amazed how soon and easily the words came to him. He felt that he actually meant them. “I love you too my Ginger General,” said the princess who yawned right after. He kissed her on forehead. He fell asleep knowing that he felt complete. In the morning he awoke with a start before remembering the night before. He kissed Sommer on the lips before getting dressed and leaving out the door he came from. Princess Sommer awoke and realized she already dreaming about him. She missed him want to embrace him dearly but she wanted to kill him for yelling at her and embarrassing her at the party. She thought about contacting him today but changed her mind like she did always did. Chapter 5 General Hux hated traveling with Kylo Ren and Millicent because of their consent bitching. Millicent was begging to leave her cage. Hux knew Millicent liked running around and distracting crew members. He couldn’t have a repeat of what happened on Fowler. When everything was settled and the ship took off, General Hux sat down to rest and think about his plan to win Princess Sommer back. He knew that she was going to be furious at him for embarrassing her and not having contacted her for two weeks. He wished that he would’ve contacted her and apologized for his behavior, but his pride got in the way. “Next time Someone does not replace the toilet paper, I will show them the dark side,” shouted Kylo Ren as he swept into the room. Hux sighed softly and wonder why Supreme Leader Snoke always put them together. Kylo Ren went to the table where General Hux was sitting . “General Hux, I have an idea to win back Princess Sommer,” said Kylo Ren. “I already a plan, Ren,” said General Hux. “Well mine is better,” said Kylo Ren smugly. “Let's hear your grand plan, Ren,” said General Hux. “You will sneak into her bedroom and apologized to her,” said Kylo Ren. General Hux twitched for a moment. “That is horrible idea,“ said General Hux aghastly. “Well I heard rumors that it worked for other men. Tested and tried with positive results,” Kylo said as if it were a science report. “Very well Ren,” said General Hux. The general decided to go along with it. He still thought it was a horrible idea. Maybe if this went wrong Supreme Leader Snoke would see Kylo Ren in a bad way. They decided to land in a near field three miles away from the Princess Sommer's place to surprised them. General Hux and Kylo Ren decided to walk there with General Hux carrying Millicent with her meowing all the way here. The plains that surrounded the world were deadly silent. The lack of guards was slightly alarming. They arrived at the palace by midnight. They chose to sneak into the gardens. They snuck in with ease because guards were not making their rounds. General Hux saw his Princess getting ready for bed. Her lace and silk v-neck purple-nightgown caught his attention. He gawked at Princess Sommer’s beauty until Kylo Ren poked Hux’s stomach. “General Hux, stop staring at the princess and let’s do this,” yelled Kylo Ren. General Hux blushed like a school boy seeing his crush. “I was not staring. Just thinking,“ replied General Hux. “Yeah right, I am going to lift you,” said Kylo Ren with a smirking tone. “I can climb that myself. Without your help,” said General Hux with a glre. “Yeah but no,” said Kylo Ren.He lifted General Hux with ease and started to played with him. He bounced him around like a kite. “Ren! YOU ARE MOTHER FUCKING ASSSWIPE“,shouted General Hux. “I know,” said Kylo Ren. He was enjoying this. General Hux was flunged around the garden like rag doll. “REN, SUPREME LEADER SNOKE TOLD YOU STOP ABUSING YOUR FORCE POWERS,” shouted General Hux. Kylo Ren stopped General Hux in mid air and flung him toward Princess Sommer’s window. General Hux held to the ledge. He opened up the window and scrambled into the princess’s bedroom. Sommer was lying in her bed. She heard General Hux fall into the room. General Hux got up to find the Princess holding a blaster. “What are doing here,” asked Princess Sommer. General Hux wanted to kill Kylo Ren for putting him in this mess. He only wanted to kiss Princess Sommer and never let go of her. “I wanted to see you, my Princess ,“ said General Hux. Sommer cocked the blaster. “Brendol! You humiliated me in front of everyone. Then you didn’t contact me for two weeks.“ General Hux’s icy blue eyes locked onto her warm brown eyes. He could see that he really hurt her and he felt worse than before. “Put the blaster down ,my love, and let's work on our relationship,” said General Hux. “I will, my Ginger General,” said the princess. She put down her blaster and headed towards him. General Hux leaned forward for a kiss from Princess Sommer. He closed his eyes. Before their lips touched, Sommer kicked him in his balls. “OWWWWW! WHAT THE FUCK, SOMMER?” Sommer kicked him in the stomach. “How dare you sneak into my bedroom and try to kiss me, prevert,“ said Sommer. “I am trying to be romantic here,” said General Hux as he was kicked again. “It’s not,” said Sommer. “It is Kylo Ren’s idea,“ cried Hux. Sommer stopped attacking Brendol “Why would you listen to Kylo Ren?” Simone gathered the first twenty guards that she could find. Most of them were watching pod racing. She scolded them heavily. They raced to follow the lady as her face matched her red hair. Simone and the guards ran into the princess’s bedroom to find the Princess and Hux in bed together. Chapter 6 Simone was furious at her friend. She wanted to beat the shit out of Princess Sommer, General Hux, and Kylo Ren who was in garden. The princess frustrated her at times. She doesn’t understand why Princess Sommer kept General Hux around. She wished that she had stopped the romance before it became serious. Usually Princess Sommer became bored with her lovers but General Hux was different from rest. She would appear in public with him, give him gifts, and listen to his political advice. She was letting him run her planet. Simone would never bow to General Hux if Sommer were to marry him. “Ginger Droid, you have twenty seconds to get off the Princess and leave the room. NOW!,” commanded the furious lady. General Hux and Sommer got up without saying a word. Simone thanked the stars that the General wasn’t totally exposed. Hux grabbed his clothes and left. “Leave us, men,” Sommer ordered. The guards left the room hastily. Some of them went back to watching pod racing while others stayed near. “I know you do not like Brendol but you are going to have respect him,“ said Sommer sternly. “He is asswipe.” “I should have told him my plans,” Sommer remarked. “Oh please,” Simone scoffed. “You are just making excuses for him.” “You are being one-sided again,” Sommer accused. “I am not. You are just thinking with your pussy once again,” the redhead snarked. Sommer shot Simone with death glare. “Simone. I have a master plan to make this planet great with aid of the First Order,” Sommer reminded. “No. You are just being used by General Hux so he can be King and take over the galaxy,” Simone sneered. “He genuinely loves me. He went to great lengths to speak with me,” Sommer swooned. “Yeah right,” the lady glowered. “He did,” Sommer pointed to the window. “He climbed through my window with help from Kylo Ren,”said Sommer. Simone rolled her eyes and crossed her arms. “I trusted Kylo Ren because I did not how to make amends with you,” General Hux explained. Sommer kicked him in the leg. “All you had to do was call, asswipe,” said the princess. “I know. But my pride and jealousy got in the way,” Hux admitted slowly. “It does,” said Sommer with a glare. General Hux rose to his his knees and grabbed her hand. “I promise that I will work on my problems and that I will wait for you to be ready to be married. If you are willing to take me back,” proclaimed Hux. He then he kissed her hand tenderly. “Yes I will,” Sommer smiled. General Hux embraced his Princess. “I still will never accept him,” said Simone with determination. “However, you are not the princess regent. If you do not like it, you may go home to Charlotte,“ Sommer reminded. Simone knew that Princess Sommer can sweet as candy but she had a bad temper. She gave her princess a challenging glare. Simone was not one to be pushed. “As you wish princess,” she growled. It was considered an honor to be stationed with the royal family afterall. She took her leave and decided to get Kylo Ren’s ass for this too. She found him playing with Millicent on the bench. “You have been good girl, Millicent,” said Kylo Ren gently “Hey Vander wannabe,” called the angry lady. Millicent had run away from as soon she saw Simone. Chapter 7 Very few people have challenged Kylo Ren and lived to tell about the encounter. Even less people have survived without any injuries. Only Princess Sommer, General Hux, Rey, Snoke and Lady Simone have escaped his destructive wrath. Princess Sommer and him had many disagreements about the Knights of Ren hunting down force sensitives. Hux had agreed that force sensitives would be made part of the Knights of Ren. Snoke would settle the matter between General Hux and the princess. Rey had been able to beat him because he had been avoiding hurting her. Lady Simone was a problem in her own category. She would mock his worship of Darth Vader and thereby his habits were also insulted. She would play games where she would tried to remove his mask to insult him. The only reason why he would dance with her at balls was because he didn’t want to deal with his fan girls. The lady was irritated enough by her own suitors to agree. Why anyone would want that position was beyond him. Though the situation worked to his advantage so he didn’t raise the question of why she had suitors to begin with. These were also the only times she was pleasant to him. They would make fun of Captain Phamsa getting rejected for dances. No one wanted to dance with the traitor after all. This normally would make people feel entitled to dance with her if it weren't for her love for gossip. She had spread a nasty rumor about Hux and himself quite recently. They would turn their attentions to General Hux being love struck idiot and drunk Storm Troopers. The lady had enjoyed their antics. He seemed to notice more wine being sent their way when she had waved over a servant. Kylo Ren would tolerate her but most of time but this time he couldn’t. He decided to stay on the bench to get it his tongue lashing over with. It was easier than walking away. She made good on her threat to tear his cloak the last time. “Good evening, Lady Simone,” greeted Kylo Ren dryly. Simone had an angry look in her hazel eyes and her face was almost as red as her hair. “Do not ‘good evening’ me, you mask wearing asswipe,” shouted Simone. He would almost say that she was rabid. “What is wrong, my lady,” asked Kylo Ren mockingly. He had made sure to emphasize the last word. “You know what you did,” Simone accused. “All I did was help General Hux get his Princess back,”said Kylo Ren as he smirked behind the mask. “Helping him sneak into her chambers,” Simone nearly growled. She had been worried over an attack since the last time they had arrived the order had shortened its stationed crew. “He needed to do something to show that he cared,” said Kylo Ren boredly. “You could sent flowers, you jackass!” “Princess Sommer gets flowers and other gifts every week from General Hux,” Kylo Ren reminded. Simone’s face was unchanged. “That is not the point,” snapped the red lady. “What is your point,” asked Kylo Ren in a mocking tone. “You wouldn’t understand because you are angry jackass who hides behind a mask,“ shouted Simone angrily. Simone thought that he was going to insult her but he did something else. Kylo Ren had decided to shut her up taking off his mask. She nearly gasped as he raised his hands to his helmet. If she wasn’t stunned that there was person behind the mask she would have joked about his lack of helmet hair. “Say something now, Red,” Kylo Ren teased. He was toying with her now. Checkmate. Simone was shocked upon looking at his face. He appeared a litte older than herself with jet black and brown eyes. He sported a big, almost pointy, nose, a few pimples, and a handsome scar that trailed from the top of his forehead to the middle of his right cheek. She couldn't believe that this was Kylo Ren. This was the man that grown men pissed themselves over seeing. Simone thought that she was dreaming but she would never dream of seeing Kylo Ren or Hux. She wanted to say something but she could not. It was easier to insult and berate a mask when you don’t believe there is a face. Now that she had a face to insult her hate of the order, she couldn’t do it. Instead she spoke. “Do not call me Red,“ shouted Simone. “I think it suits you,” said Kylo Ren. Simone blushed a bit and Kylo Ren smiled. “You do not get to call me that,” she defended her earlier statement. “How about Scarlett,” asked Kylo Ren mockingly. He had her cornered. Before Simone could say anything else she heard her princess yell for her. She was in a dangerous mood. “Simone, stop messing with Kylo Ren and get your ass in this palace NOW!” “Yes Princess Sommer,” Simone called back. She would have to compose herself before speaking to the princess. Kylo Ren’s smile grew. Simone shoot him a death glare but he didn’t care. He knew that won this round. After Simone left, he put on his mask and called Millicent back to him. Chapter 8 Supreme Leader Snoke had decided that his two top men needed a vacation. He gave both of them a week’s paid vacation. General Hux was reluctant at first. The last time visited his family for a week, the stormtroopers got drunk and destroyed the base. Captain Phasma had to convince him that there were going to be harsher punishments for being out of line this time. Princess Sommer was glad that her lover was hers for a week without any First Order business. After a day of meetings, a large dinner, and speaking with her ladies, she would exchange her dress for a sexy nightgown. The one she had chosen was a light-pink nylon with white lace trimming at her breasts. She finished the look with a pink G-string. When most of the palace was asleep, Brendol had come to the Princess’s room. He knocked on her door softly and spoke. “Battle of Felucia .” “Come in my Ginger lover,” said Sommer as she opened and closed the door behind him. He took off his gloves and placed them on Sommer's vanity. He wanted to touch her ebony skin with his own hands. He pulled her as close as humanly possible and began to kiss her. General Hux did not really kiss his women in the past, but Sommer was different with her full lips. Sommer could feel Hux's penis getting harder with each passing second. Hux and Sommer separated their lips for a minute so Hux could whisper dirty suggestions. Sommer removed his belt and discarded it. She pulled his pants and his first order boxers. She stroked his hard penis before leaning over to blow him. Sommer started slowly at first but she quickly built up speed when Hux began thrusting into her mouth. “Princess,” he groaned. “You are truly skilled,” Hux complimented. He loved that his Princess was willing to do this. Most women were not willing too. He loved when she swallowed his cum. He liked having a part of himself in her. “I am about to cum,” he grunted. “Swallow.” Hux cum inside of his Princess's mouth. Sommer swallowed his cum then withdrew from his penis with a loud pop. “Now you need to return the favor,” commanded Sommer as she got up. “Yes my Princess,” said Hux. She rose and sat at the end of the bed while Hux striped. Hux kissed her while slowing taking off her nightgown until she was only in her G-string. “Oh Brendol,” moaned loudly Sommer. The rest of the castle put their earplugs on. Simone and Kylo Ren’s Sabacc game was ruined with Kylo Ren flipping the table over the noise. “I could kiss you all night but I want to make you cum,” proclaimed Hux. “Then do it,” said Sommer. “As you wish, my Princess,” Hux complied. Hux began to play with her large breasts. He began kissing and massaging her breasts while Sommer moaned. Hux move to nipples. He felt them getting harder by his touch. Hux twisted her left nipple but then moved to her right nipples one. “Do you like it this,” asked Hux. “Oh, Yes,” groaned Sommer. Hux pulled both her nipples both at once while she moaned. “You know how to keep me happy.” “I know,” said Hux before he sucking her nipples for a few minutes. He moved down her pussy. He removed her G-string slowly and gazed at her smooth tight ebony virgina. He rubbed her pussy slowly and steadily with his fingers. He slipped a few fingers inside of her. He could feel her getting wet. “Oh Brendol, go faster,” she begged. “As you wish ,my love,“ said Hux. He did as his princess asked. He could feel her cum on his fingers. He could not wait that to taste her. “I am going to cum,” said Sommer. “Yes, I am going to eat out you, Princess.” When the Princess cumed and Hux clean her pussy like a dinner plate. “I want lay on my back while you fuck me,” said Sommer. Hux smirked then said. “Sounds good to me.” Hux kiss her on lips while his penis entered her pussy. As time passed, he became faster and harder as he thrusted into Sommer. Hux's face started to turn a bit red and he began panting heavily because Hux didn’t really do any physical activities except for sex and competing with Kylo Ren. “Are ready yet,” asked Hux. “Yes, Love,” said Sommer. They cummed at nearly the same time with Sommer finishing after Hux. Hux withdrew from Sommer's pussy and laid next to her. “I love you my Princess,” said Hux. “I love too, my Ginger General,” said Sommer. “I was fool to let go you,” Hux admitted. “I know, I was a fool for not including you in my plans.” “That is in the past. Which is behind us,” said Hux. He kissed her forehead. When Sommer was deep asleep, Hux snuck out to the gardens to smoke a cigarette. He knew that Princess Sommer would not approve so he did it away from her. Smoking gave him a release. It relieved stress that came with working with the First Order. In the middle of his cigarette, Major Kimes came running to him with important news. Chapter 9 To make up for destroying the game room's last table, Kylo Ren escorted Simone to one of favorite her escapes on Hoffmon. She had decided to make Kylo Ren bring her to her steep hill. It was one of the few hills on the planet so she took pride in using the space to look upon the land. As they arrived at the top he noticed a single tree with a wooden swing. It was hidden from the grass below the hill. The high grass waved in the breeze. It seemed to go on forever. Simone had decided to punish him by making him push her on the swing. Kylo Ren examined her secret place with jealousy. Lady Simone had a place that she could go to get away. She likely came here often. It must have been a safe place to her. Ben Solo did not have that option as a child. He was moved around to much to even consider it. “How did you find this place,” asked Kylo Ren. He was trying to converse politely. It wasn’t something he was used to doing with Simone. “I was upset,” she paused. It looked like she didn’t want to explain why she was emotional. “I guess you could say that I got lost,” she smiled in embarrassment. “I kinda just stumbled into the grass,” Simone. She was looking in another direction. It was understandable. The grass was tall enough for plenty of people to get lost in. “Interesting,” said Kylo Ren. “Yeah. No spoiled snobs here,” she said happily. “Like Hux,” Kylo Ren asked. He was hoping for a new way to mock the general. “Not really. He is more of stuck up prick,” Simone sighed. “Oh.” Kylo Ren began to wonder why the lady was so opposed to the order. Simone sat on the wooden swing and smiled deviously. “Now push me slave,” demanded Simone. “Yes, my lady.” Kylo Ren behind her and began to push her gently. Her short hair fluttered in the breeze. He could smell the soaps that she used to wash her red hair with. It wasn’t flowery or overly sweet. It was earthy with just a hint of amber. He found himself soothed by it. He began to push his jealousy aside. He could always break something later. “I know you can push faster than this,“ Simone snarked. The feeling was nice. She almost forgot that she was with someone that she was berating for a long while. “I can,” said Kylo Ren. He pushed harder than before to prove her wrong. The simple purple dress she wore fluttered from the movement. Her red hair was on fire from the light of the day. “Good boy,” she teased. “I am not,” Kylo Ren defended. “Whatever you say,” she answered mockingly. Kylo Ren pushed her harder in his annoyance. The lady cheered happily. The feeling of flying took away her troubles momentarily. “I see that you are enjoying yourself.” “Indeed. Keep it up slave,’’ replied Simone before she stuck her tongue out at him. Right now she wasn’t a lady that devoted herself to being her future queen’s lady in waiting. She wasn’t Princess Sommer’s shadow right now. Kylo Ren obeyed her without any objections. He was happy to see her in a new light. It seemed there was more to her than she let other’s see. She was always ready for a fight around the princess or the palace but here was something he only saw sparks of at the balls. She was a lady who wore a mask of words and aggression. Protective of her princess and the remains of her home. Perhaps the person he saw now is what drove many suitors to her. She was fascinating. She was the only reason why he was vacationing on Hoffmon. He wanted to bond with her more on the personal level when he noticed the personality she exhibited at the balls. “Hey Jerk,” she called him from his thoughts. She had realized how awkward his hands felt on her back. “I said I wanted to get off,” she accused. “I apologize,” said Kylo Ren. “Damn,” she cursed. “I have been asking for a while now.” He steadied the swing and she rose to her feet before going to the crest of the hill and settling down on her knees. The red lady patted the ground next to her. “Come sit, fanboy,” she called to him. Of course another insult to his love of his grandfather. “Okay,” said Kylo Ren steadily. He took a breath to relax his nerves. He sat close so he look at her. This brought another feature of her’s to his attention. Her eyes. Her beautiful hazel eyes. They always seemed to change. Almost with her emotions. It was like magic. Today, they seemed more green and last night they appeared to mix in a way that that was almost animal like. He decided that hazel would become his favorite eye color. Simone seemed to notice his stare. She had thought the view around was much more interesting. The grass looked like a golden sea and the animals playing in it looked like fish. Had she said something to upset him? It was hard to tell with his mask. She wanted to break the awkwardness. “Why are you acting so strange,” asked Simone. She hoped she didn’t sound nervous. She felt her breathing slow. Kylo Ren twitched for the minute. “I am not,” said Kylo Ren softly. “Yes. Yes, you are,” said Simone accused loudly. “How?” Simone gave him a glare. “You are completely off. You are staring at me,” said Simone as she got up. Kylo Ren quickly followed her lead. She had a false hope that standing would give her more power. She thought that he was thinking of hurting her for her malice towards him. No one would find her in these plains. She was dearly sorry already and had been hoping to make it up to him. She had used him as a punching bag because she foolishly believed that he wasn’t a living being. All she had seen was a mask. She felt her heart beat slow. She could feel each beat as it became sluggish and her breath caught in her throat. “Well,” he paused to look for more words. “Simone. I am interested in you romantically.” He felt it was best to say this bluntly. Simone was too shocked to move. She could not believe that Kylo Ren would ever say that to her. She just stared at him. Her lips moving as if she were trying to respond. Now her heart was racing a mile a minute. Before either of them could speak, Kylo Ren had fallen backwards. He had been shot in the left shoulder. “What the Hell,” Simone yelped. She looked at the injured man and ran down the hill to get help. In her panic she had forgotten about the blaster. A burning pain surged through her left leg and right thigh. The acrid scent of burning flesh hit her nose as she fell down. She felt the seeping warmth of blood pooling at her legs. “Damn it! Damn it,” she gritted her teeth as she swore. She tried to bite down the pain. The black figure of Kylo Ren staggered towards her. “Don’t move. I’m coming for you, Scarlett,“ said Kylo Ren. “Don’t call me that,“ Simone yelled. “Calm down,” he soothed. He wasn’t used to being gentle. “Calm? I have been shot twice,” she hissed as she shifted her legs. “Well I’ve been shot six times.“ “I am going to make that seven times,“ Kelsey strode out of the tall grass. Her blaster was aimed towards his chest. “What the fuck,” Simone cried. “Kelsey,” Simone begged her traitorous friend. Kelsey fired once more. Kylo Ren was prepared this time. He stopped the blast in mid-air. Kelsey screamed and struggled as she felt him lift her with his power. He had enough of the her noise. There was only one object in the area he could break. She shrieked as she hit the tree. Simone watched Kelsey fall. It was one thing to hear about Kylo’s power but it was another to see it in action. Her mind was frozen on what to think. Kelsey wasn’t dead. Her breathing spoke volumes. Kylo chose to make his move. He gathered the lady into his arms and held her like a bride. Simone turned red. She felt the placement of his hands. “You are touching my ass.” “Sorry,” she didn’t believe he was. She glared. He could see the grass parting with streams of people. This was an attack. “Let me just get you to safety.” “I can walk,” she squirmed. “Sure you can,” he ignored her and continued to make a fast escape to the castle. His shoulder burning under her weight and her constant bitching were the only things slowing him down. Chapter 10 Princess Sommer was used to the horrors of war. Her two little brothers were among the casualties of the previous war. Killed over lies that were told by their enemies. “Princess Regent, Sommer. We are unable to make contact with the King and Queen,” said FN-4535. “Get some of the troops and bring my parents to safety,” ordered Sommer. “Yes Princess Sommer,”said FN-4535. Ten Stormtroopers went to Asyou to find her parents. Sommer crossed her fingers for her beloved parents safe return. The Resistance will pay dearly if they hurt her family again. They taken her little brothers. They were crushed by rubble that killed them in a painful and slow manner. When her father found out, he was never the same. His heart broke and he became sick soon after. Sommer became Regent so her father could recover. She tried to do her best to fix her planet, but they were isolated from Republic due to harsh lies. When General Hux and the First Order offered her an alliance, she took it to save her planet from ruin. Her thoughts were interrupted. “Princess Sommer, Lady Simone was shot by Kelsey,” said FN-2223. “What the fuck,” shouted Sommer. “Lady Simone was carried to safety by Kylo Ren. We have Kelsey in custody,” said FN- 2223. Sommer had many questions. Why did Kelsey shoot Simone? Why had Kelsey betrayed her? Who else is disloyal? Is Simone going to okay? Why does Kylo Ren like to carry young women? How will Simone kill Kylo Ren? “What is Lady Simone’s condition,”asked Sommer in concern. “Stable. She is getting treatment as we speak.” “Good,” said Sommer. Princess Sommer and the squad of stormtroopers decided to grab important valuables. They could not let the enemy get hold of them. They cleaned out the most of palace before they heard a boom. "Resistance fighters," shouted Stormtroopers. "Go and help the others," ordered Sommer. "What about you," asked FN-4567. "I will get on the ship," said Sommer. "If you get hurt, Hux will kill us.” “You will be killed if you don’t fight.” The stormtroopers left and the princess ran to the kitchen. There was a backdoor that lead to the ship. Princess Sommer was trying to push the heavy door open. "Damn it," cursed Sommer. She tried for a few more minutes without any luck. "I found the Princess," called Finn. "Good job Finn," said Poe as he cuffed his friend with a smile. Sommer knew who they were. The famous Stormtrooper traitor and his political buddy. Sommer turned around to find Finn and Poe entering the kitchen with their entourage. "Princess Sommer,” Finn addressed her. “We are with the resistance. We have come to rescue you from General Hux and the order," said Finn. "I do not need to be rescued by you or any other resistance fighter," shouted an angry Sommer. "General Hux has brainwashed you into thinking that the First Order was good and you are in love," said Finn. "She could do so much better General Hux," Poe said knowingly. Sommer grabbed a pot off of the rack. "General Brendol Hux Junior and I love each other! You had been brainwashed by King Henry X who wants to take over my planet by marrying me," cried Sommer as she threw a pot at Poe. It missed Poe but hit another resistance fighter in the face. "Ow," cried the fighter. "Calm down Princess. We are just trying to help you," Poe soothed. Sommer grabbed a metal spatula and a large spoon. "Well you guys are the part of problem. You destroyed my planet over claims that our enemy made and my people suffer from it," cried Sommer as she threw both metal spatula and spoon. The the spoon hit Finn's shoulder and spatula hit the ground. "You should’ve ducked," said Poe. "I did not think she would do it again," Finn sighed. "She did it before," Poe urged. Sommer grabbed few knives while they were talking and started to throwing them. She was a bit rusty but she managed hit all but Finn and Poe. She threw two more knives at them as she fled. She knew that if they captured her, the planet was doomed. She decided to go out the window. The ship was little further this way. As Sommer drew closer, there were figures that looked familiar. She realized that King Henry X of Des and his men were waiting for her. "Hello Princess Sommer. You have grown since I last saw you," said King Henry X of Des as he licked lips. Princess Sommer was distinguished by the fat and old king. "You have grown fatter since I last saw you," said Sommer testily. He came closer to Princess Sommer and grabbed her by her arm. "I guess, I have to teach you your manners," said King Henry X. "You need to learn your manners because you are grabbing an arm without my permission," snarled Princess Sommer as she struggled to get away from him. "Grab her and get on the ship." Before could grab Princess Sommer, she bit the fat king. "Fuck! Get this bitch off of me," screamed the king. His Men tried to help their King but Sommer sunk her teeth deeper into him. He howled in pain. It took longer than the king had liked to get her off of him. They held her by her arms and legs. The fresh bite mark oozed blood. "Get her on the ship." She began to kick and scream. King Henry's men could see why Princess Sommer was considered to be tough. Convicts were easier to contain than her. They didn’t making it far. Suddenly, one of the men were hit in the torso. "Shit," said man who was shot. "I suggest you release the Princess Sommer unless you want your King to be cooked," General Hux commanded. They turned around to see General Hux with Captain Phasma and the her stormtroopers. "You would not dare to risk killing your meal ticket," growled King Henry. "Captain Phasma is known for her accuracy," mocked General Hux. "You're the little ginger upstart who thinks you can marry Princess," laughed King Henry. Those were last word he said before Hux made good on his threat. "Shit, she did it ," said one of them as they dropped Princess Sommer. “Do not take me lightly,” Phasma warned. "That is not how you treat a Princess," complained Sommer. They tried to run but they were shot down easily. General Hux approached his lover and helped her up. "I know how to treat to a Princess," said General Hux warmly. "This is why I love you," she said. "I know," said a smirking Hux. He offered his hand and she took it . They boarded the ship without any more problems. As much she wanted to stay, it was too dangerous to do so. She stood in the window until she could no longer see her beloved planet. Chapter 11 Simone hated the First Order's hospital wing. It was cold and smelled like heavy disinfectants. Although the worst thing for her was their beds. They provided no comfort for the sick and one was never to leave said bed without aid. Needless to say, her back was killing her. The crease in the adjustable bed did more damage then good. She had been very vocal about her dislike after the first night. Kylo Ren had promised to have her moved to a more comfortable room as soon as she was able. Thus leading her to the situation she now found herself in. Simone drew in a deep breath as she was released from her slumber. She let her thoughts collect themselves but she was tempted to roll over and snuggle her pillow. The warm room wasn't helping her wake up either. Her eyes shot open. Warmth? She quickly scrambled to a sitting position and felt her heart stop. Darth Vader stared at her. Well more like may Darth Vader's. The room was plastered in paintings of him. The lamp was shaped like him too. She looked at the comforter and groaned. Even the bedding didn't escape the sith decor. This room could only belong to one person. Simone felt a headache coming on. This was Kylo Ren's room. She looked down to notice her change in attire. "I'm going to kill him," she growled. Just knowing how he was interested in her made the moment all the more grueling. He had gone to far this time. She didn't care that he could use his abilities to kill her. One way or another he was going to get it. She tossed the blankets aside and saw some of her clothing hanging off a chair. She changed in a rush and stormed out the door. She was going kill him or die trying. Her anger simmered a bit when she realized she was going to be hopelessly lost. Fortunately luck was on her side in the form of Captain Phasma and her clique. "Lady Simone," she started. She could feel trouble brewing and she loved trouble. "Is there a problem?" "Where is Kylo Ren," Simone demanded in an annoyed tone. Phasma loved a good fight. "He is on a mission," she replied with a curt tone. "Then where is Princess Sommer?" “In General Hux's quarters," she said somewhat smugly. Simone suppressed the urge to moan at the obvious answer to her question. "Figures," she shook her head. "I can lead you there," she offered. "Thank you," Simone smiled lightly. Maybe her princess could aid her better. She followed the commander's lead. It wasn't as far as she figured it would be. It made sense for Snoke to have his underlings near each other. She wouldn't be surprised if Phasma's was just as close. She had hoped that the lovers were decent this time. "We will take our leave now, Lady Simone." "Thank you again, captain," she nodded. She watched them turn the corner and disappear. She raised her hand and hoped once more that they were decent. She knocked and heard the voices on the other side quite. "Princess, I need your help," Simone called. She heard heavy boots cross the floor and the door opened soon after. "Good morning, Lady Simone, come in," Hux welcomed her in. "Thank you, General," she gave him a nod and entered the room to see Princess Sommer sitting on a couch. Sommer raised her wine glass in greeting. She nearly rolled her eyes at the size of the room. They weren't kidding about quarters. "Hello, Simone, I see that you are better. The guest room must be treating you well," she praised with a sincere smile. Simone chewed her lip. She had been trying to figure out how to deliver her complaint. "Actually," she paused. "I awoke in Kylo Ren's room, my princess," said Simone as calmly as she could. "I was placed there without my knowledge or consent," she felt her anger seeping back in. "What," Sommer asked carefully. "As I said. I awoke in his room. Changed at that," she clenched her fists. She felt livid. She felt invaded. Sommer's face quickly became angry. How dare he do that to her lady. "I feel uncomfortable," Simone admitted as she wrapped her arms around herself. "Yes. As you should," Sommer's tone was harsh. Simone began to regret telling Princess Sommer her dilemma. Sommer's temper was worse than her own. While her own anger would have her showering someone in her acid words, Sommer was not afraid to get dirty. Princess Sommer would fight physically if angered enough. She was sure to lose it. Kylo Ren was going to receive a beating from her. He wouldn't dare strike the princess. Soon the gossip had spread. The news that the princess was yearning for Kylo Ren's blood spread faster than a grease fire. So when Kylo Ren had landed his ship, he was greeted with a surprising crowd. He was confused at why they gathered around his ship. It was a simple mission. He hadn't been in danger nor had he actually killed anyone. So why was there a mob waiting for him. He descended his ship and strode over to the furious princess. "Good afternoon," he started. "Princess Sommer, Lady Simone," he waved his arm to out to emphasis the crowd. "And everyone else." Sommer's face was angry. She quickly got to the chase. "Kylo Ren, why is my lady moved to your room," she asked lividly. "I simply wanted to give her a better room," he responded. They could hear the quiet "aws" from his fans. "Shut up," ordered the princess. The crowd was getting on her last nerves. "There are plenty of other rooms for her," she shouted. "Yes but they are crappy," he offered lamely. He noticed his choice of words, "I meant to say that they are unsuitable to her needs." "You should have asked instead of moving her in your's like a pathetic creep," she scowled. "Nor should you have had her changed," her eyes glinted dangerously." He shrugged. "That? I had a female trooper do that. Princess Sommer, I was only trying to help your friend," he said innocently. "You should have told her," Sommer cut him off. "I am sorry that I offended you," he bowed. "But Lady Simone has to fight her own battles," said Kylo Ren as he eyed Lady Simone. Simone felt herself freeze up as the masked face looked towards her. "She is," Sommer was cut off by her lover. "Ren, we need to debrief with Supreme Leader Snoke," Hux reminded. "I will dine with you later Princess," he kissed her hand. "Till then my love," she agreed. They left. Both of them were trying out pace each other. Lady Simone rolled her eyes at the two man-children. People split off in disappointment, they had wanted to see more action. Chapter 12 Supreme Leader Snoke was growing frustrated about the way things were going for the First Order. He narrowed the issues down from the gossip he heard. General Hux and Kylo Ren were in the middle of it. He had heard many different stories surrounding them along with other disturbing stories. Apparently the Stormtroopers had gotten drunk before the Battle of Hoffmon, Captain Phasma was pregnant, General Hux's sex life and Kylo Ren's sexual harassment towards young women. He had to sort things things out before he lost control of his forces. "Supreme Leader," Hux greeted as he strode into the meeting hall. His boots made soft echo's form in the quiet hall. Kylo Ren paced quickly beside him. Their usual competitive nature was clearly showing. Supreme Leader Snoke's hologram looked down towards his underlings. "We have taken control of the planets that you have requested," he continued. "Good. Now about Hoffen," he prompted. "We are going to retake the planet," Hux boasted. "Do not fail this quest. You will keep the Princess happy," he commanded. His eyes bore down upon the duo below him. They were making simple mistakes. What kind of force were they becoming? "I indent to," the general said with a slightly cocky tone. Kylo shot him a look. "In the bedroom," he remarked. Hux's scowl should have told him to back off. "You do not need to be so loud. We all know you are the Ginger General." Snoke sensed that the issue was going out of hand and decided to end this before it became a fist fight. "You should take her to Arkanis. She would be more comfortable there than at a military base. This is not the proper place for a princess," he suggested. He did not any more distractions. "Yes, Supreme Leader," he agreed. Snoke's attention turned towards his apprentice. "Kylo Ren," he started. "I sensed that you are having thoughts about a certain young woman. I do not need you distracted." "It is nothing serious," he said dryly. "Not when you are carrying her around," mocked General Hux. "General Hux. You were to weak to rescue your Princess. Captain Phasma did all of the work for you. She makes a better knight in shining armour than you. Quite literally, I may add," he retorted. "You touched two women. Two women without their consent," he snapped. "That makes you a pervert." "Enough of your school boy bickering. Keep your emotions under control," he nearly growled. "Yes Supreme Leader," both said with a bow. "Now get back to your Princess. And you," he motioned to Kylo Ren. "Fix the guest room for our guest. I will not have you growing attachments," he ordered. They bowed again before departing. Snoke frowned as his hologram flickered out. They were trying to outpace each other once again. The following day, General Hux gathered everyone he could to listen to his "inspirational" speech. To Simone, it was rather boring and shoulder patting. The man loved to stroke his ego. She had begged her princess for a leave of absence for the speech. She held little love for boastful morons. She found herself spacing out during several parts of his heroic speech. Her eyes wandered towards the sea of stormtroopers. She could see one sleeping in the far back. Hux was nearing the end of his speech. "Tomorrow," he starting this part dramatically. "We are going to retake Hoffmon. We will show the resistance our power. We will crush them, burn them or impale them if we must." Everyone knew that it was more likely that they would be shot but there was no arguing with General Hux's dramatics. "We will not stop until they are all dead," he shouted. Simone rolled her eyes. Sommer gazed at her general with loving and lustful eyes. Simone had wanted to return home to Charlotte and get away from the First Order. Instead she was forced to cheer for them. After the cheering dyed, Simone saw the dark figure of Kylo Ren approaching her. She reached for Sommer and grabbed at air. The princess had already ran to her general. Typical. "Oh Brendol. Your speeches are wonderful," she gushed. She practically jumped on him. "Thank you, my love," he replied. He leaned down and laid a kiss upon her lips. Simone was annoyed at their loud and affectionate noises. The one time she needed her princess, she had decided to be a horny teenager. Simone had to act quickly to avoid the masked creep. She zig zagged through the crowd. She internally cursed at her choice in dress. Red would stand out easily amongst the sea of white. She had hoped that her pace would lose him. She walked as fast as she could with her petite stature and silver heels. She smirked as she thought of her shoes. She would stumble here and there but she could run easily in them. She came upon the end of the sea and ran into the hall. She breathed a sigh of relief. "Lady Simone," a voice called. Simone mentally cursed. She stood stiffly. "We need to talk," Kylo left little room for negotiation. Simone turned to find him behind her. "I am not going to talk to a predator," she stared up at him. The heels did little to boost her confidence as he still towered over her. The short gene ran in her father's blood. "What if I apologized," he noticed her unchanged glare. "I'll even remove my mask," he offered. "Fine. Meeting room five," her glower didn't change as she turned to lead them. She knew that he would persist to pursue her until she had spoken with him. They walked in an awkward silence. "Awe they look cute together," said a stormtrooper to another as they passed. Simone shot them a look and they scurried off quietly. The room was thankfully a few steps away from the encounter. The doors slid open quietly and Simone stiffly walked to the overstuffed office chair at the head of the table. Kylo slid his mask off and placed it on the table. He noticed that she had quickly sat and was now trying to burn the table with her hazel eyes. "Comfortable," he asked. He had hoped to open a conversation with her. Simone gave him a stern look. He looked back awkwardly. "I am sorry that I made you feel uncomfortable." "You carried me while I was unconscious. That is the mark of a predator," she said lowly. "Yes," he agreed. "I have learned that." "You should have waited till I was awake. Then you placed me in your room and low and behold my clothing was changed. You tell me what I was to think," she shouted. "I had wanted to surprise you," he said awkwardly. "That," she started. "That was just creepy. You do not do that to people." She stood up. "You are nothing more than a creep. I am, never, nor will I ever will feel anything but contempt towards you," she glared with a new anger in her eyes. Her heels clicked as she fled from the room. The door slid shut. Kylo Ren stood there dumbfounded and oddly hurt. Chapter 13 Many dress littered the floor around Sommer's feet. She wanted to make a good impression on his parents. She refused to repeat what had happened with her parents. Sommer had tried to keep her relationship with the general a secret. Unfortunately they found out. They were worried about their surviving child dating a man like him. They had heard many rumors about him. Many stories were told about him. Some said he threw his ex-lover on the street in Arkanis. Another said that he had killed to get his position. He doesn't tip. He allowed Kylo Ren to kill a defenseless old-man. Some said he was a bad dancer. Other people said he was a crossdresser. One creative story said he was from world that used sticks to use magic. Their advisor said he had heard that he was a shapeshifting alien. Servants said he blackmailed the princess. Troopers said that he was using the princess and that his true love was Kylo Ren. With so many stories, it was no wonder her parents had gotten the wrong idea. She tried to have them meet with him in hopes that they could see the man that she saw. It was to no avail. They found him to be a boastful prick that was using their daughter for power. Her parents had moved on to setting her up with other suitors. They had no success. She would do her best to avoid a similar circumstance with her lover's parents. "Love, I don't care what you wear," Hux soothed his princess. "I want to make a good impression on your parents," she argued. He pulled her to him. He leaned forward and tenderly dropped a kiss on her forehead. He slowly dragged his lips down to her eyelids and lightly pecked them before moving down to her nose and finally her lips. He lingered there for a moment before breaking apart. "They are going to see the intelligent, creative and loving woman that I see," he stated with a smile. "I guess," she nibbled her lip nervously. He gave her another smile before turning to leave. "Duty calls, milady," he winked before closing the door and leaving Sommer to her packing. He had to meet with Kylo Ren. They had a certain traitor to break. Kelsey. That was the name she went by on Hoffman. Their reports stated otherwise. Her true name was Kyra. She was born as King Henry's illegitimate cousin. As a bastard with royal blood, she had no second name. Hux entered the cell with the fills on his tablet. Kylo Ren had already started. It was apparent that he was at it for a while. "Ren," he started. "Your mind tricks aren't working." Kylo stopped his probing. "It would be better if I could focus," he explained. "You have been at it for a while. Five days to be exact," he coldly looked at him. "I was indisposed." "Chasing a flame perhaps," Hux offered. Kylo Ren eyed him warily. He continued, "The red lady." He was mocking him now. His icy blue eyes were saturated in sadistic glee. "You have been fucking a certain Princess more often than leading," he spoke. Hux now glowered at the man. "We all have heard about your rejection. You get rejected more than the stormtroopers do with Captain Phasma," they had forgotten their prisoner. She groaned loudly. "You fight like an old married couple," Kyra complained. She felt her headache getting worse. "Silence," growled an angry Kylo Ren. He sent his force over her mind once more. He would get everything he needed. This time his anger had yielded much more success. He didn't think he could take seeing her dance lesson memories for much longer. Hux watched. He could see a difference. "What is it." "Knowledge. Something actually useful..." "Out with it." "Three secret rebel bases," he started. "Rey has sought out Luke and is receiving training. Such a waste. They are currently visiting the jedi temples. Oh this is rich," he said mockingly. "What is it," Hux glowered. "Kyra had tried to poison you at one of the dinner parties," Hux could hear the laughter in his tone. "That explains the sick stormtrooper," he brushed it off. Kylo returned to drawing out more information. To his displeasure, Kyra had passed out. "Crap," he sighed. "Someone needs more practice," he mocked. "I did much better than yourself, ginger general"he said lowly. Hux rolled his eyes. "It matters not. I will be leaving for a few day with the princess and her lady," he said as he turned and left. He was returning to his love. The halls were surprisingly empty. "General Hux," a familiar voice called to him. He turned to see his princess's lady in waiting. "What is going on with Princess Sommer," she asked. "She is nervous about meeting my parents," he answered. The lady nodded. "I see. She is behaving like she did when you met her parents. She was sweating like she was on a sun," she chuckled. "Yes. I think you will be happy to know that you will have your own room. Provided with a very comfortable bed and away from Kylo Ren," he smirked. Simone missed his smirk and chose to cling to the news on her new quarters. "Away from him is a given. Everything else sounds even more wonderful," the lady cheered and danced in spot. "No dancing on base," Captain Phasma mocked as she walked past Chapter 14 The Stormtroopers were having trouble with the princess’ luggage. They had dropped it several times. They brought another man to help load the ship. He spent a lot on her but he enjoyed spoiling her. It made him happy to see her happy. The money meant little to her happiness. He cared little for the stormtroopers’ back problems. All he cared for was his future. A future that included his princess and ruling the galaxy. He was visualizing it when he realized that Kylo Ren and his fangirls had arrived. Kylo had a suitcase. Princess Sommer and Lady Simone watched the two men argue. It seemed to be about Kylo Ren tagging along. “Oh great, Vader Jr. is coming with,“ complained Princess Sommer. “You are lucky. He doesn’t have a crush on you,” snapped Simone. “I know. I would beat him,” said Sommer proudly. “Where were you,” she accused. “You know. When he stalked me the other day?” “I cannot protect you all of the time,” said Sommer. “You are always with him,” complained Simone as she gestured towards Hux. “Don’t worry, Hux told Snoke about Kylo Ren's behavior. Snoke does not approve of it. Kylo Ren will listen to him,” said Sommer. Simone wasn’t appeased. She crossed her arms. “Whatever,” she scowled and rolled her eyes. The Princess gave her a dirty look before skulking off and leaving Simone alone again. She had pushed her off the edge once more. She watched the last of the ship get loaded. Only one case was hers. She only had two outfits at this point. Another reason to be upset. The princess was always distracted by the general. She stalked up the ramp. The ship ride was awkward due to the fact Princess Sommer and General Hux were sandwiched between Lady Simone and Kylo Ren. General Hux spent most of the time talking and Kylo Ren stared at Simone until she gave him a sharp glare. Everyone was happy to get off of the ship especially Lady Simone. She needed to get away from Kylo Ren. His mask stared at her like slab of meat. They descended the ship. Simone found the planet Arkanis too dull and unoriginal while Sommer found its militaristic style to be lovely. Kylo Ren didn’t even look at the planet’s scenery. Hux was busy looking at Sommer in a lovestruck manner. After being picked up by two servants of the Hux's family. They lead the way to a grand mansion on the hill that had two large first order banners in displayed in the front. The front doors opened to reveal Commandant Hux and Mrs. Hux sitting in the living room before they rose to greet the group. “Good Afternoon, Princess Sommer, it is honor meet you,“ said Commandant Hux and his wife before Commandant Hux kissed her hand while his wife curtsied. “It is honor meet you too,” Sommer smiled. “Son, it is great to see you,” greeted Commandant Hux. “You too Father,” General Hux nodded. “Servants,” the commandant ordered. “Take their stuff upstairs and show them their room. “Yes Sir,” answered a servants. They escorted the group to their rooms. Kylo Ren's room was located between the princess and Simone’s room. This made him very pleased. Simone was not happy about being near Kylo Ren or décor of her room. She really was sick of being unhappy and missed home. The room was stark gray and very plain. The opposite of the lively green of Charlotte. She glanced at the bed or rather rock. The hard bed was going to ruin her back. It was already in enough pain now. “Princess. Do you want to see my childhood bedroom?,” Hux asked his love. “Yes my love,” Princess Sommer smiled.He lead her away from Kylo and Simone Kylo entered Simone’s doorway and spoke. “Do you know why I came this trip,” Kylo Ren asked curiously. “To Stalk me,” Simone answered dryly from her bed. “No,” he paused. “To protect Princess Sommer and you from scum.“ “Uh huh,” Simone sighed. She wanted him out so she could treat her back. “The scum think that Princess Sommer is kidnapped by Hux,” Kylo Ren continued. “Like Hux could,” Simone sighed. “I know right,” Kylo Ren smirked. He left to his room and change into ordinary clothing , fake glasses and short blonde wig. He strutted back into her room. Simone sighed. Why couldn’t this idiot take the hint and leave her alone. “Hello my Lady. My name is Matt,” he gave a mock bow with a smile. “The wig is cheap.” Kylo Ren was disappointed. He had hoped that she’d like his disguise. His disappointment didn’t last long as a servant had called them to dinner. He was now happy that he sitting next to her during the dinner while Princess Sommer and General Hux were across them. Commandant Hux was at the head of the table with his wife and son next to him on each side. “Thank you so much for letting us stay here,” said Sommer. “Anything for my future daughter and her friends,” replied Commandant Hux. “Maybe while you are here, we can go over wedding plans,” Mrs.Hux suggested. “That would be lovely,“ said Sommer in a shaky voice. “I cannot wait for my son’s lovely spring wedding,” said Commandant Hux proudly. Half of the room was confused for a moment. The group now knew that General Hux was lying to his parents and he was going to get an earful from his “bride”. Chapter 15 Princess Sommer put on a brave face during the rest of the dinner but she was beyond furious with her lover. After dinner, Princess Sommer left to her room in a rushed manner. General Hux was on her tail. Simone tried to follow but her short stature couldn’t keep up nor was it enough to get away from Kylo Ren. Sommer and Hux entered the princess’ bed chamber. Hux locked the locked the door Behind them. “Do not touch me, you lying bastard,” shouted the angry princess. “Come on,” he pleaded. “It was little white lie.” “I thought that we had an agreement, Brendol. You lied to your parents,” cried Sommer. “I panicked,” Hux waved his arms out in anger. “Bullshit! If you can blow up planets, then you can tell your parents the truth,” Sommer crossed her arms. “You such a hypocrite,” he accused. “You can rule a fucking planet but you can’t stand up to your parents,“ shouted Hux. “I did stand up to my parents,” she said. She crossed the room towards her bed. She was furious. “You won’t marry me unless your father died.” “I am trying to secure my throne,“ she defended. “Your father will not disinherit you for your aunt and underaged cousin if you marry me.” “He hate you! He has been trying to set me up with other men,” Sommer said from her place on the bed. “I am starting to believe that you care about being queen more than being with me,” Hux brought up. Kylo Ren was gleeful from his side of the door. Things were hard for the general now. Supreme Leader Snoke was pushing the Ginger General to get married to the future Queen of Hoffmon. Kylo Ren scratched his wig and smirked. Yes things were not going well for Hux. “Get out, jackass,” shouted Sommer as she threw a pillow at his face. He deflected it with little difficulty. Hux did not say anything else as he stormed out of the room and retreated back to his room. “That was funny,” said Kylo Ren from his shared hiding place. He was smiling gleefully. It was an unnatural smile for Kylo Ren but not one he associated with Matt. “That was not, you jackass,” Simone scowled as she went into room. Kylo Ren realized that a he should start to watch his word choices if he didn’t want to push her away. The next few days were filled with exploration and fighting between Princess Sommer and General Hux. Both Kylo Ren and Simone noticed a change within the princess. She was quiet and began isolating herself except for when she was needed. Simone was not one for letting her friend brood and she desperately needed new clothing. Her hurried leave of Hoffman left her severely unprepared. “Sommer, I need new clothing,” cried Simone as she lifted the pillow up from her head. After making a series of noises, the princess got up and opened her purse to retrieve some money. “Here,”said Sommer. “Yes,” she cheered. “Shopping spree.” “Yes, have fun,” said Sommer. Simone looked upset. She wanted her friend and future queen to come with her. “You need to get out,” Simone urged. “How is it that I am the pale one,” she mocked their opposite skin colors. The princess just waved her off. “I am not in the mood,” said Sommer. Simone didn’t want to go alone on a foreign planet. “I want someone to go with,” Simone tried again. “No, I am feeling well,” cried Sommer as she laid back down. “Come on, you big baby,” said Simone as she tried to pull on her arm. “ Stop it,” cried Sommer repeatedly. Kylo Ren had heard their comtion from his room. He expected for the princess to be attacked from the noises she was making. Instead he came in find Simone pulling Sommer out of her bed. “What is going on here,” asked Kylo Ren as he eyed their struggle with thinly veiled amusement. “Simone is trying to drag me while I am not feeling well,” cried Sommer childishly. “The fresh air will be good for her,” said Simone with a devious smile. “Okay,” said Kylo Ren. Sommer found her solution to staying slothful. “Kylo Ren,” she started. Simone could feel the change in the wind now. The tides had turned again. “How about you go with Simone,” suggested Sommer after being released by Simone who had dropped her in shock. Traitor. “I am supposed to be watching you,” said Kylo Ren. He wasn’t opposed towards the change but why not weasel more out of the deal. “I’ll tell some of Hux's secrets in exchange for you going with Simone,” said Sommer. “Deal,” shouted Kylo Ren. Sommer told them about Hux's bedwetting habits as a kid, the time when his father spanked him in front of his classmates, that he cried when he got rejected by his Princess, he still has a toy army in his room and that he got a black eye from a woman that he dumped. Worst of all, was that he burned some Vader gear after Kylo Ren destroyed his office. Kylo would make sure he paid for that later. Kylo Ren was more than happy to spend some time with Simone and to gain more dirt on the ginger. Simone was not pleased but chose to take it with grace. A while after they left, Hux entered the room. “Love, I have exciting news,” said Hux. “What is it,” asked Sommer as she was got up. “We have found your parents,“ said Hux proudly. Sommer jumped and hugged him. She started to cry on Hux's shoulder. “I thought I would never see them again,” cried Sommer. “They would pay dearly if they died,“ said Hux who was eager for her happiness. “Yes, they would,” said Sommer. “I need to tell something else.” “What is it?” “I need to go back to the base because the Hux droid has broken and the stormtroopers are misbehaving again,” said Hux sadly. “Oh,” said Sommer. “Yes, I wish I could stay but I have a duty to the First Order.” “I know and I understand,” she smiled sadly. “I wish we did not spend all this time fighting,” said Hux before he tilted his head to kissed her briefly. “Me too. But tonight we can have a great time together,” said Sommer. They kissed again before they introduced the use their tongues. They slowly took off each other clothes until they had none. Hux laid his princess down as he began to pleasure her. He began at her breasts. He took his time at her nipples. He swiveled his tongue around one of the nubs. She felt an intense euphoria as his mouth sucked one in. “Oh Brendol,” moaned Sommer repeatedly as he was suckling at her breasts. He began to lap as he sucked. She bucked her hips as she mewled. “Your breasts are lovely,” complimented Hux. “I know.” He let go of her breast with an audible pop. His finger had been tweaking the other one relentlessly. Hux dragged his lips down her stomach. He paused to play with her belly button. Making her feel a different sensation. It was a wet and ticklish sensation as his tongue played. She pushed his head lower. He chuckled at her impatience. He moved towards the apex between her legs. He could see that it was ready for him. He inserted two fingers into her and began to rub her nub. She moaned softly. “I see that you like this but I know you would like more,” Hux purred. He inserted another finger. She moaned loudly. Hux thrusted in and out. In and out. Sommer was writhing on the bed. Sweat was shimmering off of them. The scent of their deed was beginning to permeate the air. He went faster and faster. Sommer only grew wetter and louder. It was a wonder that they weren't discovered yet. “Oh Brendol, I am about to cum,“ she moaned. “Good, I will taste you,” said Hux. He pushed faster. He felt a ravenous hunger for her pleasure juices. She came with a keening moan. He felt the warm cum run down his fingers. “I can feel it, Love,” said Hux as withdrew his fingers from her pussy and suckled his fingers. Sommer moaned again at the sight. He made her feel hot as a million suns. She felt like she was the only woman in the world. Once his fingers were clean he made his way to her honey pot. He began at her lower lips and licked the outside. The tip of his tongue just touched the nub when her body jerked in pleasure. “More,” she ordered. He continued to tease her by just taking what was leaking out. She moaned in agitation. He smirked. He dove in hard. Her mouth fell open in a gasp. She came again as his tongue lapped her rapidly. She could feel his mouth nibbling and suckling her cilt. He licked her clean before moving above her. Her eyes glittered as he rubbed his dick against her lips. They were trying to suck him in. The heat was killing her. “Hux stop teasing me,” moaned Sommer. “As you wish , my Love.” He thrusted into her slowly and allowed her to adjust. She could feel his meat dragging in her and rubbing her insides slowly. His lips went to her neck and nibbled as he moved. Faster and faster. Harder and harder. His only goal was their pleasure. “Oh princess, I love being inside of you,” moaned Hux. It was hot. So damn hot. Their combined pleasure was now making wet noises. “Me too,” grunted Sommer. He began to go at her harder. He could feel his end coming and he wanted them both to send together. Hot. Heat. Burning. Sweat. Just their motions kept them going. Pleasure. That was all that mattered. They felt it. Blinding. Hot. Release. They moaned and kissed each other deeply. They panted and exchanged words of love. He pulled out only to pull the covers over them. They cuddled close. The aftermath of their lovemaking took a toll on their bodies. The feel asleep whispering words of love towards the other. Chapter 16 Simone found Arkanis to be militaristic before, now would would be the understatement. It was grey, black or dark blue everything. Propaganda waved proudly at every shop. It seemed this planet prefered buildings to stands. A whole strip of cookie cutter buildings and propaganda. Her eyes actually hurt a little. It didn’t help with “Matt” dogging her every step. Couldn’t he just leave her alone. She made it very clear she didn’t want his affections. His presence was a sharp reminder of her family. A family she would protect. She felt he didn’t share her ideals towards family. Family was something she didn’t take lightly. As she passed a few shops she could feel her memories slipping to the forefront of her mind. She held high hopes for their freedom but as the lady behind the princess it would do no good to act on them. She could always cry later while she was alone. She shook her head while examining one of the shops interior’s. Her mother would make sure the family was fine. Not many people could handle things like her. Victoria would always be her idol despite all of her flaws that only her father seemed to handle. Both had a temper but it’s what made it work for them. Her father’s lame joke, her mother’s sarcastic wit, and even her sister’s slightly estranged nature made her miss home. Arkanis was the opposite. Everything was wrong. “Red, are you going to buy that or not,” Kylo asked from behind her. He was growing bored of her staring at the same shirt for five minutes without speaking. “Don’t call me that,” she scoffed as she set the shirt down. She had walked into a random store and didn’t even pay attention to what she was looking at. He raised a brow as he crossed his arms. He had hoped for this to be more fun. Instead it was like watching paint dry. “Do you really expect to find color here?” “A part of me hoped for some,” she glowered at the dark colors. She would just try to distract herself with shopping now. He tilted his head to observe her. “You should just get what you need. It wouldn’t hurt to dress simple.” She flinched. “There is nothing simple about me,” she muttered as she hurried out of the store. He rolled his eyes and followed. He wondered why she couldn’t be like she was on that hill. Smiling and loose. He considered that maybe he was too abrasive in his delivery. He wondered what had he hoped for. Snoke certainly didn’t want him near her, yet here he was. He watched her red hair bounce as she walked. Kylo considered the idea of attachments. They were distracting. “Are you following,” she broke his thoughts this time. He was caught staring down the road and she was going into a store. She had considered leaving him but it wouldn’t be wise to leave Kylo Ren alone. Things had a habit of breaking and she didn’t need to explain why a radar technician had a lightsaber or why he was using said blade to thrash anything in his path. Her concern was purely damage control. She shook her head. “Come on,” she grabbed his hand and began to drag him inside. Kylo shot his eyes to their linked hands. Touch. He wasn’t sure what to make of that. It made him feel warm. She ignored his odd expression and proceeded to drag him towards a rack where she could leave him within eyesight. She ignored the shopkeeper’s expression. He felt a little cold when she let go. “Just stay where I know you won’t break anything,” he nodded dumbly and watched her search through racks of clothing. He smiled slightly as she seemed to find something to her liking. She had picked out several outfits and too her joy not all of them were dresses. Just enough to fit in her bag and not be stuck with the same too outfits. Kylo followed her to the counter. He had offered to help her carry but she quickly shut down his aid. The shopkeeper grinned knowingly. “Is this everything.” “Yes. That will do,” she nodded politely. “Is this a date or are you moving in,” she smiled. Simone froze and nearly choked. Kylo grinned. Simone quickly spoke before he could. “Nothing of the sort.” The shopkeeper eyed them. “That’s not what he thinks.” “How much,” she didn’t want to hear more of the subject. The shopkeeper nodded. “One hundred and twenty-six credits.” “Here,” the redhead placed the money on the counter and grabbed her bags. She swiftly made her escape with Kylo once more behind her. He seemed to be walking slightly slower. “What,” she asked. He looked her in the eye expectantly. “Nothing.” She eyed him wearily. She decided to change the subject. “Does it hurt?” “What,” it was his turn to ask. “Your scar,” she stopped and turned fully to look at him. Her eyes shifting color in the light. “No,” he shook his head. “It hurt then but now. It bled for a long time too.” She tilted her head to the side and frowned. “Does it bother you.” “It’s not that,” she raised her free hand up and paused. “Can I touch it?” He nodded and watched her face as her hand met his face. Warm. Her fingers traced its path gently. As she reached the end of its path, she realized that she was gently cupping his face. She pulled back. “I’m sorry.” He nodded and cleared his throat. “Does the princess require medicine.” “No. She is only pretending. She has a tendency to do that. Sorta melodramatic,” she turned and lead the way to a pharmacy. She felt her face heat up. What had she been thinking. She shook her head and went to the pharmacist. A young woman behind the counter eyed them up and down. “Blond is not a good look for you honey,” she clicked her tongue. “What can I get for you, hun,” she turned her attention to Simone. “A stomach soother.” She raised a brow. “That simple. I had assumed that it would be something more difficult.” She adjusted her long brown hair. Kylo rolled his eyes and walked towards to door to wait. He was done with this woman’s staring. “That should be it,” she followed her gaze. “Really?” “Oh. Sorry,” she pulled a tiny bottle from a drawer. “Six credits.” “Done,” Simone took the bottle and left with a slightly lighter wallet. She rejoined the sulking figure. “You know. I think she liked you.” His eyes flashed in anger slightly. “Are you done,” he scowled. “Yeah,” she paused. “I thought you wanted to come with me.” Silence meet her statement. “Come on,” she tugged on his arm. He relented and allowed himself to be dragged until she let go. It was a simple general store. She picked up the soaps she needed before heading his way. “I had know idea woman needed so many things,” he joked. “Don’t make me yell at you.” He noticed the amount of bags she held. His arms were empty. Without thinking he reached over and took a few of her bags. “Hey,” she said startled. The weight shifted and she was forced to let go. Her expression softened. “Thank you.” He nodded and watched her lead the way back. They approached the general’s childhood home with a steady pace. The princess was hugging the general in a romantic embrace. “So much for a stomach soother,” Simone sighed as she reached her princess. She quickly picked up her smile and glow. It didn’t take a force user to know what happened. Simone rolled her eyes. Sommer settled in Hux’s arms for a final and lingering kiss. “I will see you soon my queen.” Sommer’s eyes glowed happily. “You too my ginger general,” she flirted. Kylo Ren gagged as he tried to stifle his laugh. Hux glowered at him. “Your wig looks like a carpet that was spat up by my cat,” he smirked and turned towards his ship. Kylo Ren glowered. He was tempted to make him trip. So he did. He simply raised his hand and Hux tripped over his own foot. Hux turned and glowered before continuing on his trip inside. “Have fun,” Sommer asked with a smile. “Loads,” Simone shoved the medicine into her arms. “Well I have good news. Hoffman is rebel free,” she smiled. She watched her companion's face light up. “Home is safe.” “Yes, home is safe,” Princess Sommer said as she watched the ship fade into the sky. Chapter 17 Kylo Ren was dreading his return to base and his unavoidable talk with Snoke. He knew that he was having feeling that Snoke wouldn’t approve of. He knew that he couldn’t fool Snoke. He was starting to think that Snoke didn’t have best interest at heart. Snoke believes that compassion makes people weak ,but he didn’t feel weak for having romantic feelings. Snoke was wrong about that. He started to wonder about his future. If he left, he would be on the run from the First Order for rest of his life. If he was lucky they may be defeated by the resistance. Either way, he couldn’t drag Simone into this mess. Yet he continued have dreams about her. He yearned to kiss her ,but that would cause more problems. “You are terrible body guard,” cried Simone. Kylo Ren snapped from his daze to look up to find his Red looming over him. “She is sick,“ said Kylo Ren boredly. “She is fine. Her only real problem is being love sick,” Simone rolled her eyes. “Well she is in her room and she is safe,” he replied as he adjusted his chair. “That doesn’t change the fact that you are a horrible bodyguard,” she accused with her arms crossed. “Red, I want to be alone,” said Kylo Ren with irritated tone. Simone poked him in the gut harshly as she sat down. He had been moping around for a while. “You can’t be sad all the time,” said Simone in a concerned tone. He was acting like a sick animal. ”I guess, Red,” he sighed as he turned around to face her. Simone was sitting next to him as she faced him. “What is wrong,” she asked while tilting her head. Kylo took in a deep breath before saying what was on his mind. “I-I think I have been led towards the wrong path,” his tone commanded total seriousness. Simone was taken aback. She hadn’t expected it to go like this. She expected whining and perhaps pining, but nothing like this. “What brings you to that conclusion,” asked Simone as she recovered her composure. She made sure to maintain eye contact as to express her concern. “I was taught by Snoke that having compassion for others is a weakness, but I do not think that. Not anymore,“ said Kylo Ren. “Me neither. It’s stupid,” replied Simone with a cocky smile. Kylo Ren returned her smile and scooted closer to her. Simone blushed. Her cheeks began to compete with her hair. “I’m glad that someone shares my opinion,” his smile wasn’t leaving his face. “I am glad that you are not a brainless, First Order, zombie,” she said with a chuckle. “Like Hux,” he asked sarcastically. “Not exactly.” “Oh,” said Kylo Ren in a questioning manner. “He cannot be trusted,” a worried tone escaped her lips. “I agree but I know I could trust you,” Kylo Ren admitted. Simone was taken aback and turned completely red. “No you don't know that,” she waved her hands for emphasis. “I do know,” said Kylo Ren with smug confidence as he held her hand in his. “I guess,” said Simone as she stared at their hands in wonder. “After Princess Sommer and you are safely back on Hoffmon, I am going to leave the First Order and go into exile,” Kylo Ren revealed. Simone was shocked to hear those words out of his mouth. Her jaw dropped. “Why? You cannot run for the rest of your life,” cried Simone. She felt heat sting at her eyes. “I can’t follow something that I don’t believe in,” his tone spoke his commitment. “Yes,” she began. “But you are never going to be safe,” cried Simone. “I will be fine.” Simone stood up in protest. “No. No you will not be,” sobbed Simone before she burst into tears. He was shocked at this outburst. Kylo Ren stood up abruptly and knocked his chair over. Before he knew it, his arms wrapped around Simone. He held her close to himself. “There isn’t another option,” he said in a comforting whisper. His began to rub at her back soothingly. “Yes there is. Come to Charlotte with me,” replied Simone. She was really dropping her guard now. He wondered where this outburst stemmed from. How long was she holding all of her emotions in? “I’m not putting you in any danger,” he protested. “You are already in more danger than me,” a defeated tone left her lips. He lifted her chin to look into her hazel eyes and replied,“I care about you too much to do that,” he leaned his face towards her. She froze. He kissed her. His big nose poked her awkwardly but she didn’t care. She felt her heart stop and allowed her feelings to flow. “Simone,” shouted Sommer from her window. Sommer was enraged. Simone knew that the princess wanted to talk and now. She pulled away with a fearful look upon her face. Kylo Ren knew that he would be the subject that talk. He gave her hand a squeeze before letting go and letting her walk in a nervous pace.