i. cream and sugar Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) “ Is someone sitting here?” The fast typing from the fingers of a twenty four year old Rey Kenobi stopped almost instantaneously when she heard the low timber of a man’s voice. She looked up to the source; a tall man with thick wavy black hair that came to about his shoulders, a pale face with freckles and other beauty marks, full lips and a big nose. Not taking the time to fully digest the features of the man standing next to her, she quickly moved her messenger bag and other personal belongs out of the way to allow him to sit next to her. She motioned to the seat next to her and he mouthed ‘thank you’ while removing his black backpack and shoving it in the luggage rack above. He sat down next to her and crossed his arms over his broad chest. The first thing she noticed was how cramped he look. His long legs looked awkward, knees pressed against the back of the chair in front of him, unable to fully stretch. He glanced at her and she quickly returned her attention to her laptop. “ I’m fine,” He said, trying to find a more comfortable position. “ Tall guys like me are the rarity.” Rey noded wordlessly. She hadn’t bother to look at him again. She had to get that proposal done. “ Besides, the front row is taken.” He added once he settled into a somewhat comfortable position. The front row usually had the most legroom. Those who were lucky always sat with their legs extended, feet resting against the bulkhead, chairs reclined, and completely asleep. “ The train is unusually packed this morning.” Rey finally said, nothing breaking her typing. “Has been for the last week.” He hummed in agreement, glancing around the car and noticing how nearly every seat was taken. Only a few remaining seats were open, but those seats would eventually be taken once the stragglers from other cars come into the one they were occupying looking for a seat. If on cue, an older man stumbled into the car rather loudly and sat in the first open seat he found. Usually the train between Niima and Coruscant never broke fifty percent ridership capacity, but with the new First Order Corporation research lab that had opened up in Niima a week ago, the ridership had increased by double forcing the New Republic Railroad to increase service on the Niima Main Line by double in the morning and afternoon hours just to handle the new commuters. The Limited Express Morning Star no. 12 was the train she took every morning between Coruscant and Niima. It was a nice train, with cushioned seats that reclined, tray tables, and a little old lady who’d push a cart between cars selling hot coffee, tea, and treats for the commuters who didn’t quite eat a breakfast. It was her preferred train, the one with the least amount of riders and service that made the one hour commute comfortable. …. Well, it used to be her preferred train. Now it was one of the most packed trains to Niima, departing Coruscant at the bright and early time of 5:30 in the morning, guaranteeing the commuters to be in Niima by 7:45, making it to work by 8am. Being the early bird did not necessarily catch that worm. It was something that she had now grown to hate dealing with every morning. Rey stopped typing for a moment and stared at the screen of her iPad in front of her. Her fingers hovered over the bluetooth keyboard as she tried to get her thoughts together. This proposal was due by 9am and yet she couldn’t even get through the first page, let alone the first paragraph. With the First Order Corporation now expanding into engineering projects, her company’s business was dramatically decreasing. If she couldn’t finalize this proposal, it would almost be guaranteed that the client would cease continuing negotiations and take their business to the First Order, almost securing the end of Skywalker Industries. The stranger shifted next to her. He smelt nice, she mentally noted, whatever cologne he decided to wear was pretty expensive. It smelt expensive so it probably was, she thought. Rey glanced at the man sitting next to her from the corner of her eye. The outfit he was wearing, while simple with a black wool blazer, black cotton button down, and jeans, even looked like it was of an expensive make. Rey looked at her iPad again and slightly frowned; what was a rich guy doing in the non-reserve car with the lower class? He made her feel underdressed in her simple white blouse and tan skirt that she got second hand at a recycle shop. She crossed her legs under her seat, subconsciously trying to hide her five year old scuffed up white Converse All Stars. “Something the matter?” He asked. Rey blinked and looked at the man next to her, taking note of the stubble that was growing in -- coming in more fuller on his chin than anywhere else on his face. “ Uh, no.” She began to put away her iPad. “ Just thinking. Why?” “ No reason. The name’s Ben, by the way.” He held out his hand. Rey looked at his hand and then up to his face. Slowly, she reciprocated the gesture and couldn’t help but mentally note that his hand nearly engulfed her own. It was so much bigger than her own. Surprisingly rough considering he looked like he never worked a day in his life. “ Rey.” She said softly. He let her hand go and crossed his arms again. “ Excuse me, but I haven’t seen you before? I usually take this train every day to work and I’ve never seen you before.” He scratched his chin, “ Ah, I never taken the train before. I just got transferred recently so I’d figure I try the train out.” “ Oh. I see.” Silence set between the two. The only thing that could be heard was the sound of the train along the tracks and the sound of newspapers being read. “ Hot coffee, tea, snacks…” The old lady that sold snacks on the train had finally made her grand entrance in car four. That meant that there was less than thirty minutes left in ride to Niima. She pushed the cart slowly, repeating the same sentence over and over in a sweet, old voice as she made her way down the aisle. Ben raised his hand as the old woman approached their own. She stopped, locking her cart with a kick of her foot on the break and gave him her full attention. He pulled out his wallet and fished for a credit card. “ A coffee please. Black.” Then, as if a second thought, “ Rey, you want something?” Rey slightly jumped, “ Uh.. No…! No, I’m fine.” She smiled at the old woman who raised an eyebrow at the young woman. It was like an unspoken, who’s the young fellow? Rey couldn’t help but blush under the older woman’s amused stare. “ Two coffees, please. Cream and sugar for the young lady.” Ben handed the woman his credit card. Not a debit card , Rey mentally noted. Yeah, he’s rich . After swiping the card, she handed it back to him with a printed receipt. Then, with years of experience, quickly poured two small cups of coffee. She handed Ben his cup and placed Rey’s on top of her tray table, along with two creams and two sugars. After confirming if that was all, she continued down the car with her announcement of hot coffees, teas, and snacks. Ben took a sip from his coffee. Rey awkwardly stared at her own. “ What’s wrong?” “ You didn’t have to…” “ Don’t mind. You like cream and sugar in your coffee, right? You seem like the cream and sugar type.” Rey removed the top from her coffee, “ Actually, I’m not but since you assumed I might as well not let it go to waste.” She added the cream and sugar to her coffee. She really hated wasting things even if she did not particularly liked them. “ How long have you been doing this commute?” A sip, then, “ One year.” Another sip, “ The train was never like this.” “ I heard they’ve increased service since that new lab was opened.” “ Yes.” Cream and sugar was seriously not her thing. “ It’s really put a hamper on my mornings.” He scratches his chin again, coffee in the other hand, “ I did not think it would get this bad…” “ Me neither.” Rey put the cup back down on the tray. “ Do you work for them?” “ Yeah--” “ Oh, that’s right! You said you got transferred.” She smiled. “ I forgot.” Ben finished the rest of his coffee and put the empty cup in the seat pocket in front of him. He laced his fingers together around his knee. His arms were so long. “ It’s okay. I didn’t actually tell you who I was working for. It could have been anyone.” “ There’s absolutely nothing in Niima but that research facility.” A chuckle, “ True.” “ I work for a small engineering firm a little ways north of Niima.” Rey said as she aimlessly ran a finger around the edges of her iPad. “ Once I get off at Niima, I have to transfer on the local service.” “ Wow. Really?” “ Yeah,” A laugh, “ It’s an additional forty minutes and it’s not as comfortable as this train. Nor as new. ” “ I admire your dedication to your work, Rey.” He was looking at her then and Rey couldn’t help but to look back. There was something about his eyes… They were dark, yet so expressive, as if he could completely give himself away if you’d only look at his eyes. She felt as if she was falling into them, being pulled by some unknown force. “ This world needs more people like you.” Rey laughs this time, her trance completely broken. “ I am the last person this world needs. Thank you, though.” She picked up the coffee and attempts another sip. Rey made a face and before she could put the cup back down, she feels his hands once again upon hers and her heart skips a beat. He takes the cup away from her softly and brings it to his own lips. Then, without a second thought, finishes her drink. “ I rather not force you to drink something you don’t like.” He said as he added the cup to his own in the seat pocket. She chuckles and apologizes but he doesn't pay any mind. “ It’s not a big deal.” “ I’m not a cream and sugar girl.” She admits sheepishly. He chuckles and for some strange reason she wanted to hear more of it. It sort of scared her. “ I am terrible at reading people which is funny because my job sort of demands that I do.” “ That is funny.” The conversation continued. Little idle chatter to fill up the time before their arrival at Niima Station. She found out he started working at The First Order corporation nearly six years ago as a university graduate. The corporation funded his graduate studies, which practically praised as one of the reasons why he believe the organization was a positive in the world even if she didn’t quite share his opinion. He learned that she had just graduated from university herself nearly two years ago with a hefty student loan and a job that did not pay enough to cover the payments. But it gave her experience and in hindsight wasn’t too bad. Though, as of late, her responsibilities had increased to compensate with the layoffs that were brought on by The First Order Corporation’s expansion into her company’s field of business. “ Now arriving at the final stop, Niima Station. Niima Station.” Came the nasal muffled voice of the train’s conductor over the speaker. The train then jolted as it switched tracks, slowing down while it approached the platform. “ We will be arriving on track two. Exit doors are on the left.” Rey packed up her iPad into her small bag, “ We’re here.” “ I see.” Ben said as he looked past Rey at the window next to her. He took in the sights of Niima as the train slowly approached the platform. It was a small town but very industrial. All that could be seen was smokestacks, factories, and warehouses. If people lived in town, they lived far away from the pollution. Rey turned around to look outside the window. “ Yeah, there’s nothing in Niima except factories.” She said, confirming whatever the older man was thinking. He hummed to himself as the scenery disappeared into the lines of trains and platforms. “ I don’t know if you’re one of those coffee house types, but you definitely won’t be finding of that here. Unless you enjoy fine taste of convenience store brew.” The train came to a stop. Ben chuckled as he ran a hand through his hair. “ I’m not necessarily picky when it comes to caffeine. Thanks for the tip.” Upon the conductor’s announcement of the trains arrival at Niima Station, everyone stood up, grabbing their things and trying to fit into the aisle as if it made a difference on who was going to leave the train first and make the mad dash up the escalators to the gates and out into the town. Ben sat peacefully with his hands on his knees, an index finger occasionally tapping to a beat in his own mind. Rey looked at the crowd of people standing in the aisle and bit her lower lip. Rey had a tight connection. She had less than ten minutes to get off the Morning Star and transfer to the local line, that was located on the upper levels of Niima Station. It usually took five minutes but with the increased ridership, she was literally getting on her train the moment the departure jingle was ringing across the platform. Ben sighed, “ Don’t worry, I can’t even grab my bag.” She looked at the congested aisle, “ Don’t worry. I’m fine. ” The doors opened and slowly the people started detraining. Once the aisle cleared up, Ben stood up and pulled his backpack down off of the luggage rack above. He put it on, Rey noticing how long his limbs really were when he stretched out to get the straps around his arms and up on his shoulders. Rey stood up. He was tall . He had to have been nearly double her height; if he wasn’t such a nice guy it would have almost been intimidating. He stood there, thumbs hooked on the straps of his backpack. The car was now empty save for the two of them. “ So…” He began, with a slight rock on his heels. “ I actually have to go. “ Rey said hastily. “ Oh, I’m sorry!” He quickly moved out the way. “ Nice talking to you this morning.” Rey stepped out into the aisle and smiled. He extended his hand out. Rey slowly took it into her own and shook it. A shock went up her spine. She looked at their conjoined hands for a moment before Ben let her own go, his larger one falling softly at his side. Rey looked up at him; she noticed how the morning light was reflecting off of his eyes, making them almost hazel. She couldn’t comprehend how one moment he could have the darkest set of eyes and then in another moment, once the light hits them, they were as bright as honey. “ Yeah, same… same…” She licked her lips. “ G-Goodbye.” Before he could say anything or stay trapped in his spell, Rey took off. Rey had less than two minutes to catch her connection. Running with all of her might, she pushed past commuters, up the escalators, and to the platform where her train waited. She ran inside the old two-car train that barely waited for her, the doors quickly slamming shut behind her once she was inside. With a sigh of relief, she plopped herself down on one of the benches. The car was nearly empty; a few older individuals were scattered about the two cars. She threw her bag to the side of her on top of the old, weathered down seat and looked up at the ceiling. Rey closed her eyes and let her mind drift to a man with tall dark hair, a quirky smile, and eyes that would easily melt into the color of honey. “ Shit.” He gotten to her. Notes: My current story, Desert Rats, is a complete angst bomb. I was contemplating writing a fluffy chapter to break up the monotony but I really want the story to be an angsty one... So this was born! I love trains and I use them to commute from work and back. I notice a lot of relatonships, whether romantic or platonic, are formed on trains between commuters and so I wanted to explore that possibility with Reylo. Ben is definitely not emo in this. This is a "What if he had a somewhat good relationship with his parents?" Ben Solo. I think he would be a bit like his father when it came to the ladies XP As always, thanks for reading and follow me on tumblr at @ t-r-a-s-h-d-u-m-p Chapter 2 : ii. creatures of habit Summary: Rey is a creature of habit Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) 5:10am. Rey stood at the fourth car boarding area on platform three with her iPad in hand, reading a report that had been sent to her overnight. This was something she did every morning; arrive ten minutes early before the train arrival at Coruscant Station with her iPad in hand, reading emails and news articles, at the fourth car’s boarding area. She didn’t mind arriving early -- it guaranteed her to be one of the first to board. Sometimes she got lucky with being the first in line, other times, as with the past week, she’s been fifth in line or even tenth waiting for the Morning Star to arrive at the station. As she swiped through the report, Rey felt a presence next to her that made her fingers freeze above the screen of her tablet. Usually, she wouldn’t be disturbed by people standing next to her. It was normal; there was two lines after all to accommodate large queues of people. But this particular presence had a very familiar sent -- a particular scent. An expensive cologne that she couldn’t quite name. Glancing to her right, her eyes came in contact with a tall individual dressed in a navy cotton cardigan. She look upwards, at the profile of the person -- of Ben -- black wavy hair in a tousled mess, his beard now a healthy stubble, large round thin rimmed glasses sitting on the bridge of a distinct nose. A white collar from a button down shirt stuck out, stiff and crisp against the rumpled navy cotton. Considering it was still late August, Rey thought the choice of clothing was odd. He looked like a frazzled professor, those young genius types that were too focused on trying to complete their research and find a breakthrough than superficial things like self image. Then again, it also complemented his frame very well. She closed her eyes and exhaled softly to collect herself again. All she was wearing was a black blouse and old black slacks. A frazzled secretary; overworked and underpaid. Rey figured her entire ensemble probably amounted the cost of his shoes. “ Funny how fate sort of brings us together, dontcha think?” He said amusingly, leaning his head over in her direction to glance at her. If Rey didn’t know better, she swore she blushed. She quickly turned away, returning her attention back to her iPad. “ I would assume you were stalking me.” She mumbled to herself in a vain attempt to calm the erratic beating of her heart. He smirks and focuses at the empty track ahead of them. Across the way, a train was slowly arriving at the platform opposite of their own. A loud, upbeat, jingle could be heard throughout the station. Ben couldn’t help but snort. He could have sworn it was ‘I Was Working on the Railroad’. “ I’ve been called many things but a stalker was not one of them.” He adjusted his backpack, his attention back on the smaller woman standing next to him. “ I’d... call it a coincidence.” “ Considering this train has eight cars…. I would say that the chances of this being a coincidence highly unlikely.” She pressed the power button on her tablet, locking it, and closed the case. She picked up her beat up shoulder bag that rested at her feet and stuffed the device inside. “ But… I’ll give you the benefit of the doubt.” A small smile. Ben didn’t miss it. “ I thank you, Rey.” For some reason, she wanted to hide under the biggest rock. This could not be happening right now. Rey felt as if she was acting like a fourteen year old girl with a crush on her History teacher because the thought of hooking up with any of their classmates prompted an instant gag reflex. With a lick of her lips, she puts her shoulder bag on her shoulder adjusting the thin, beat up straps. Distraction would be best; focusing on the schedule for today would be ideal. The client had postponed the meeting yesterday, rescheduling it for the following week giving Rey the opportunity to review all the material and come up with a better business solution. Work. Yes, those were always good thoughts to have. 5:15am. The same jolly jingle played overhead again, louder this time. “ Arriving soon at platform three, track five. Morning Star no. 12, with service to Niima.” Came the announcement overhead. The train was nowhere to be seen but people started gathering towards the designated boarding areas. The reserved car, at far end of the platform, was a jumbled mess of people but it didn’t matter because they had reserved seats. The unreserved cars had lines of people. It was the literal definition of ordered chaos. “ Is this intentional?” Ben asked amused as he looked up around him for the speakers blaring the ridiculous song. Rey nodded. “ Each station has its own jingle. This one happens to be that.” She chuckles, “ You’ll get used to it… sometimes they are catchy and won’t leave your head either.” Rey pursed her lips in thought, “ Like, on the way to my job on the local there’s one station that uses Marry Had a Little Lamb .” Ben scoffs in shock then he’s laughing, “ Are you serious?” “ I am one hundred percent serious.” She crossed her arm over her chest, putting her weight on one hip. “ I think the town used to be a sheep herding town or something. Each jingle is supposed to represent the town on that line.” “ Amazing. Absolutely amazing.” “ There’s these people called train fans that ride the trains to take pictures and hang out at the stations. They collect things and stuff… They could probably tell you how many times this train station has been rebuilt. They could probably go into absolute detail about why each station has those weird songs.” Ben hummed to himself as he mulled over the ridiculousness of train station jingles and people obsessed with the mode of transportation. 5:25am. The Morning Star no. 12 made it’s grand arrival onto track five, slowly creeping to a loud squeaking stop. The lights were off inside the train’s cabin, not a single soul seated inside. Ben noticed how everyone was putting their distractions away, getting prepared to board and claim their seat for the one hour journey into the desert. He gripped onto his backpack straps, anticipating the rush than the opening of the train’s doors. “ Don’t worry too much. We have a good spot in line.” Rey mentioned to Ben. He pushed his glasses up the bridge of his nose. “ It’s not the train I’m worried about. It’s these poor fellows.” Rey furrowed her eyebrows in confusion. Then she looked up at him and noticed how he towered over nearly everyone around him. He stuck out like a sore thumb, six feet plus standing in a line full of commuters in business casual clutching paper cups of overpriced coffee with bags slung over shoulders and briefcases in hand. If there was ever a mad rush, Rey was sure Ben would be able to take them all out and claim victor to whatever seat he chose. The doors swung open and the commuters started to file into the train. Quickly they boarded the fourth car, some taking the first seat they found while others walked further into car taking seat in what they usually sat in. Rey was one of those. Row five, seat A -- right next to the window on the left side of the train. She could not deny the fact that she was a creature of habit, always following a precise pattern of actions regardless of how practical or impractical it may have been. She sat down and released the tray table, the plastic tray falling down with a snap. She took out her tablet and sat it on top. She heard a backpack being placed on a luggage rack. Then she felt him sit next to her. “ I hope you don’t mind.” He said, crossing one leg over the other. His knees brushed against the back of the seat in front of him. “ I’d figured we’d continue the conversation…?” Rey subconsciously scoots closer to the window. It’s not that she doesn’t like him, no that wasn’t it. She didn’t know how to explain it.... She simply didn’t necessarily understand how to cope with the situation. “ I’m not really a talkative person.” Rey said. She paused for a moment, swiping at her tablet’s screen. “ I mean, no offense, I’m just used to my mornings being… quiet.” People kept filing into the car, occasionally bumping into Ben but he paid them no mind as he sat there in contemplative silence. Rey bought her attention back to the tablet. She loaded up her daily routine of emails and reports and started to read them. He interlaced his fingers together, resting his hands on top of his knee. It was a few moments later before the train’s doors sealed shut and the train began its journey to Niima Station. ** “ You’re wearing glasses.” Rey’s voice jolted Ben out of his sleep. He shot up forward and his knees knocked directly into the seat in front of him. He winced at the impact with the tray table’s lower edge, rubbing his knee and praying that the person in front of him did not feel that. A beat or two later and nothing from the seat in front of him. More than likely the rider was asleep. Ben glanced at his wrist watch. 6am. They’ve been riding for thirty minutes. He turned around and looked at Rey who sat in her chair with a tablet in hand and her other resting on her lap. “ Uh… Y-yes.” He subsciously adjusted the thin rimmed frame on his face. “ Contact prescription ran out.” “ Hmmm….” Rey hummed. “ Looks good on you.” “Uh… Thank…” A swallow. “ Thank you.” It was an odd compliment to receive out of the blue for the older man. Considering how evasive she had been up until this point, Ben didn’t necessarily know how to take it. He decided not to dwell on it much longer and focus on the conversation at hand. “ You’re an interesting person.” Rey closed her tablet case and turned around. The two were now looking at each other face to face. She rested her hands in her lap, pulling her knees up and resting her feet against the edge of the seat. The way she sat sort of reminded him of his own mother and her little quirks. “ I’ve never met anyone so insistent on talking with me.” Ben grinned and Rey couldn’t help but find the slightly crooked tooth smile adorable. He was awkward, but a cute awkward. It worked for some unexplainable reason the more she looked at him. He looked like a scruffy hippy from the early 70s save for the expensive cardigan and dress shirt combination. Maybe not quite the hippy --- just a scruffy looking burnt out scholar that you’d usually find in a late 90s film about boys discovering themselves and reaching unknown potential. “ I thought you enjoyed the silence.” He teased. Rey rolled her eyes. “ It’s hard to concentrate when there’s someone like you around.” He crossed his arms. “ I was sleeping until you woke me up.” “ You would have woken up and started talking to me again.” She smirked this time. “ I like to talk.” A lopsided smirk in return, ” They say I get it from my dad.” Rey looked at Ben a bit more closely as he smirked at her. She swore that she had seen that smirk somewhere on someone she met a while back. Her boss’s brother-in-law. His name escaped her but he gave her the same exact lopsided smirk when she had first met the man. Brash, cocky, and confident. He managed to bring light to her boss’s sad blue eyes that Rey found difficult to do herself on many occasions. The man was an interesting person; always on the move, as her boss had mentioned to her one day after he had left them. Never comfortable being in one place for too long, always having to be on the move. Ben’s smirk fell from his faces as he realized that the woman in front of him was staring at him. Rey leaned forward. Ben leaned back. “ W-What?” It was all he could get out. Suddenly, as if Rey had finally figured out whatever was on her mind, she leaned back into her seat and shrugged her shoulders. “ Nothing,” She said nonchalant. “ You reminded me of someone for a moment there. Then I realized it couldn’t have been possible because he never mentioned having any kids.” Ben raised an eyebrow, “ Who?” “ Ah…” Rey looked up in thought and Ben couldn’t help but think it was the cutest thing he’d seen yet from the young woman. “ Forgot the name. He’s related to my boss -- through marriage. Came by to talk about something and left.” The coffee lady had entered car four making her announcement of hot drinks and delicious snacks. Ben raised a hand to get her attention and, again, without asking Rey ordered two coffees for him and her. “ No sugar, right?” Rey nodded, “ Yeah. No sugar.” When paid for, the woman continued her round leaving the two in a comfortable silence as they sipped their hot drinks. “ You know what, Ben,” Rey began, breaking the silence between them as she held the paper cup between her delicate fingers. Ben took notice at the simple coral color nail polish she used. It looked nice despite it being chipped in certain places. “ You sort of remind me of him, actually.” “ Really?” He finished his coffee and stuffed the cup in the back seat pocket in front of him. “ Yeah. You two both have this strong personality. Talkers.” She smiled at the memory. “ Did he love to talk. “ Ben turned around in his seat and leaned back, “ I actually don’t talk much.” Rey raised an eyebrow, “ Really? What has been all of this these past forty-eight hours?” “ Forty-eight hours is an exaggeration,” He closed his eyes and crossed his arms, “ But you seem easy to talk to. Talking with someone rather than at someone.” “ Your job then?” “ I’m in charge of a division.” He said and Rey noticed how reserved the words that fell from his lips. As if he couldn’t speak much on the issue at hand. Rather than push him she cradled the coffee between her hands, taking the occasional sip as she watched the desert scenery slip past. Rey finished her cup and softly placed it on her tray table. “ Thanks for the coffee,” She said softly, “ You honestly don’t have to do it.” Ben didn’t bother to open his eyes, but there was a small smile on his features, “ I don’t mind sharing a cup with a pretty girl.” Rey’s face was hot with a blush. She swore she looked as red as an apple and quickly turned around to look outside the window so he wouldn’t notice. Damn him. 7:40am. The Morning Star no. 12 arrived at Niima Station five minutes early much to the elation of it’s passengers as they scurried off the train and to their various connections or jobs. Yet, here was Rey standing in the middle of the aisle holding her tablet in one hand her bag in another as she talked to strange man that seemed to have weaseled his way into her interests. “ It was nice talking to you again, Rey.” Ben said, rocking on his heels as his thumbs hooked onto the straps of his backpack. “ Same to you, Ben.” She said. They stood there in silence for a few moments but it seemed like forever, neither wanting to make the first move. Wanting to be the first to break away. “ So, uh-- “ “ Yeah, I--” Ben chucked, “ No, you go first.” “ I… hope to see you tomorrow.” Rey played with the straps of her shoulder bag. “ I mean, see you tomorrow.” “ Same.” He held out his hand. She took his into hers and he shook it. “ It was a pleasure.” And as quickly as he had taken her hand into his, he had let her go and was quickly off the train before she could say anything. Rey looked at her hand, the one that had just held his, and sighed. Damn him . Notes: I made a huuuge boo-boo and didn't realize that AO3 automatically will list a story as a one-shot unless you tell it not to. This is definitely a multi-chapter story! I usually write chapters during my commute for inspiration, watching fellow passengers and overhearing stories so I hope to build on the real world experiences to shape this story. I'm contemplating expanding outside the train but for now all chapters will be in the train. Chapter 3 : iii. mister confident Summary: Rey learns more about her fellow passenger. Warning: Language Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) A middle age man stood next to an empty chair with a shoulder bag and tablet on the seat’s cushion. He looked at the items’ owner with an impatient expression. There were absolutely no available seats in this car and this woman had the audacity to take up two seats? He cleared his throat rather loudly but she only looked at him and with nervous smile, “ Ah, sorry. This seat is taken.” The balding man, who was sweating and slightly overweight, frowned. He opened his mouth to make a retort. “ My coworker is sitting here! He's currently in the bathroom.” The man gave her an unimpressed look as if he knew she was lying. Though, to be fair, it was more of a half-truth than a complete lie. Rey clapped her hands together, almost pleading, “ I’m just holding his seat until he returns. Truly sorry!” With a grumble the older man stomped away down the aisle in search of another open seat. Occasionally his shoulder bag would bump into other passengers without a single apology from him causing some to call his attitude out. Rey sighed with relief once he left the car. She looked at her wristwatch and bit her lip, quickly looking outside the large window at the platform. He wasn't there. The train was about to leave in two minutes and Ben wasn't there yet. It wasn't as if she was anticipating his arrival or wanting him to actually be there. She had only known him for less than a day if you were to add up the total time spent together on the train over the last two days. People came and went all the time; it wasn’t unusual to see someone ride the train for a couple of days and never return. There’s nothing in Niima to actually warrant being on the train unless you worked in town -- no one went to Niima for leisure. But he had -- they had -- promised to ride together this morning and Rey was a person that did not handle empty promises well. There had been far too many broken promises made to the young woman than she could have counted. Another eager glance at her watch. Less than a minute. The departure jingle could be faintly heard throughout the car from its origin outside. This was it -- trains didn't wait for late arrivals. “ Damn him…” Rey cursed under her breath as she looked at the window again. A dread set deep within her. Disappointment? Rey did not know how to describe it. A loud bang coupled with a few expletives was heard a few rows behind Rey as the doors began to close. The sound of someone scurrying down the aisle broke the silence in the car, a man apologizing for every person he knocked into or bag he kicked with his large black dress shoes as the train began to pull from Coruscant Station. Ben had finally arrived, throwing his backpack and black suit jacket up on the luggage rack without much concern of the contents inside. Rey quickly grabbed her stuff from his seat before he crushed it as he flopped his large frame into the narrow seat without actually looking. She would deny the truth that she was glad he finally made it. “ Fucking Uber,” He spat loudly in frustration,“ I specifically told him to take the damned highway and he wants to take the side streets. Only because he didn't want to pay any damn tolls!” Rey watched him in silence as he continued his rant about how incompetent Tom the Fucking Idiot was. Screwing up his already late morning to Coruscant Station by taking what Ben had dubbed as the ‘unnecessary scenic route’. Rey had always seen a calm and collection, albeit awkward and cocky, Ben but this man here was someone entirely new. He was animated, talking animatedly with his hands occasionally putting emphasis on certain words with a flail of them in front of him. It seemed to Rey that Ben was a person who, as it appeared, did not handle tight situations very well. She wondered how he was able to be in charge of a division at the First Order if he could not even deal with a simple Uber driver. Rey bit her lower lip, trying to hold back an urge to laugh at how ridiculous this entire story was. “ I'm going to make a fucking complaint to Uber right now.” Ben grumbled, pulling his smartphone out of pocket of his black slacks. “ Gonna get my five dollars refunded and give that fucker the worst review…” He swiped at his screen. Rey leaned over to get a better view of the screen; there was Tom’s face, an average guy who seemed pretty reliable with a wide smile selfie. He had an average rating of 4.0 stars -- not too bad. Ben immediately selected one star; well so much for his 4.0 rating. Ben began to type, “ …. The worst experience… Of my life… Did not pay attention to… My request…. Nearly made me miss my… Train…” Ben typed some more, mumbling his review as his thumbs went nearly a million letters a minute. Then he tapped submit. Rey at this point could not hold back her laughter any more and broke out in a explosion of laughs. She held her sides, eyes tearing up. “ Wow!” She said, wiping a tear from her eye. “ I did not expect that from you!” Ben’s index finger hovered over his phone once he realized what had just transpired. “ Oh shit. I'm sorry about that. I didn't realize-- Wow I mean--” He ran a hand down his face, covering his mouth, “ Holy shit this is embarrassing.” His hand dropped to his lap unceremoniously. He leaned back into his chair and looked up at the ceiling. Rey could have sworn he was red with embarrassment. She shook her head, “ No… No… Thank you. I needed that.” Then, “ Oh wow. You shaved.” Ben brought a hand to his chin, rubbing it between his thumb and index, “ I have a meeting with the higher ups. Need to look my best and not like a rolled out of a dumpster.” “ The dumpster look was fine. You looked like you were channeling your inner Lennon. This, though, can also work. Very professional. Nice glasses too.” She nodded as if she was liking the mood or grooving to some good music. Ben snorted taking off his glasses to clean the lenses with the end of his untucked white cotton blend dress shirt. “ If I could get away with not shaving, I would. The facial hair keeps the comparisons to my dad down to a minimum.” He examined the half rimmed glasses. “ I grow it faster than I can keep it off.” He put the glasses back on. “ Nice blouse.” Rey quickly glanced at her old beige blouse with the lace short sleeves and shook her head. “ This old thing I got on sale at Macy’s for 80% off three years ago. It's not that great.” Ben began to button the cuffs of his shirt, “ When someone gives a compliment, you shouldn't try to make yourself seem less than.” He lolled his head in her direction to look at her, “ It doesn't make you come off as confident.” “ Thanks for the advice, Mister Confidence.” She settled into her seat, crossing her arms. “ Just giving my advice. You look like you have a lot of potential. I’ve seen what you’ve been doing.” Rey glanced at him but didn’t bother to respond. She hated receiving compliments; it always made her feel as if she was doing enough, that she wasn’t good at what she was doing. That as a female engineer her work was always ‘full of potential’ and ‘good enough’. It was a silly way of looking at compliments, the people who gave them didn’t mean them maliciously, but she couldn’t help but feel that way. It was one of the only reasons why she bothered to go to college -- so she could have some paper backing up her talent. When she applied for Skywalker Industries, the first thing she remembered the owner asking her was why did she go to school to incur so much debt if she was so natural at what she did. It was the first time, and only time, she ever appreciated a compliment. Ben was trying to button his right cuff with his left hand, not quite able to to do it as the button would always slip out from under his fingers. It was not a simple task for him to do being right-hand dominant. Rey reached out, grabbing his wrist softly. He froze; it was like he had felt an electric shock shoot up his arm. His left hand fell from his right wrist. She looked up at him. He was looking directly at her. Now this was awkward. “ Uh…” Why couldn’t he form anything more than that? His mind was as if it was frozen in some block of ice; like a computer that had frozen up, unable to complete any tasks. The only thing that could register was calloused, yet delicate, fingers were now wrap around his wrist. Intriguing how such pretty digits were yet riddled with callouses much like his own. Rey cleared her throat to regain her nerves, “ You looked like you needed help. May I?” A beat then, as he fell back to reality, he nodded. She mentally sighs in some sort of relief as she gently pulls his right arm closer to her. With steadied hands, she button the cuff. It only took a few seconds but for the two of them it seemed as if it had taken a lifetime or more. She let his wrist go and he slowly rotated it, untwisting the sleeve of his shirt. “ Thank you…” He said softly. “ Yeah…” She licked her dry lips, “ You’re welcome.” He had only known the woman for three days and already he wanted to kiss those lips. Wait. What? Ben quickly stood up and looked at the door at the forward of the car which lead to the bathrooms and cell phone compartments. He reached into his back pocket, pulling out a silver necktie. Rey raised an eyebrow. She didn’t notice it before, but he was practically half dressed with his dress shirt untucked, tie in hand, and collar unbutton. The sleeve to his black suit jacket hung over from the luggage rack. Whenever the train swayed, it would hit Ben softly against his head. Obviously something held him up at home making him beyond late, well before Tom the Fucking Idiot entered his life for those brief few moments stuck in traffic. “ Bathroom’s to the front of the car.” Rey mentioned, pointing towards the front of the car. “ The family bathroom is towards the rear.” “ Thanks.” A quick escape to the bathroom at the front of the car. A splash of water on his face. A look into the mirror. Fingers grip the edge of the sink. Breath in. Breath out. Repeat. It is a failed attempt at trying to regain his composure. It does not rid of whatever ridiculous thoughts of Rey that floated in his mind. Shit . *** “ Oh….” Rey said when she looked up at Ben, who stood in the aisle next to her to readjust his belongings on the luggage rack. He was properly dressed this time. Shirt tucked in revealing a black leather belt that kept his black slacks clinging to his hips. The thin silver necktie accentuated his height and frame which, surprisingly to the younger woman, was not as lanky as she had previously thought. Ben definitely cleaned up nice, she thought to herself. Though he certainly looked out of place -- executives like him don’t ride commuter trains to Niima. He sat down next to her and played with the end of his tie absentmindedly. “ I hate ties.” “ I like ties.” “ Well, I'll keep that in mind for next time.” He smirked and Rey thought she was going to melt right then and there. A few moments passed before Ben decided to drift off and take a nap. Rey, who had taken out her tablet and was reading a few news articles, chose to take advantage of the moment and steal glances from the corner over eye. He had an interesting profile; strong pointed nose and full lips that were slightly parted as he slept. His cheeks and chin were riddled with beauty marks and freckles -- something Rey had not noticed earlier when his face was covered in facial hair. His hair was a wavy mess, unruly as some ends completely curled while others were swept away like the wind had taken its hand to the black locks. Rey subconsciously brought a hand to her hair. She had it bunched up to a loose bun that sat on the top of her head. Wisps of hair fell free, framing her face. It seemed like her hair had a mind of its own. Not matter how many times she tried to slick the loose strands back it would still fall free to do its own thing. It's not until they're nearly more than half way through their commute that the old coffee lady makes her rounds through car four. With the soft, old voice of hers she announced hot drinks and delicious snacks as she pushed the cart down the aisle. Ben lifted his hand up when she got closer to his seat. She stopped her caught once next to him and smiled. With a lazy smile of his own, he opens up his eyes and the old woman could have died right there. Young kids and their seductive ways, they didn't quite understand the trouble they caused. “ The usual?” She asked with a laugh. He nods wordlessly, still giving the old woman a lazy smile. A transfer of payment and he takes the two hot cups of coffee into his hands. The old woman gave the two one more glance before continuing her round. Ben handed Rey her cup of coffee and she took it without a second thought. They both began to take sips from their cups wordlessly. *** Empty cups discarded in the seat pockets in front of them, the train pulled into Niima as it always did. Commuters stood up, gathering into the aisle to get off and on with their day while Ben and Rey sat and waited for the crowd to disperse. Had she not met Ben, Rey would have been fighting her way through the crowd to get to her connection. Now she didn't mind waiting or even missing her train if it meant spending another minute with the man next to her. Once the passengers detained, Ben stood up and grabbed his coat from the luggage rack. He swung it on effortlessly, the black fabric sliding on smoothly like a model in a menswear commercial. Or at least that's what Rey thought. He adjusted the jacket, tugging at the ends. No longer was there the frump professor from a 90s film, now stood a modern day executive in a fancy suit in stylish half framed glasses. Rey stood up and he stepped back. “ You really do clean up nice.” She said, impressed with a nod. “ I am impressed.” “ Thanks.” He toyed with his tie again. It must have been something he did out of nerves. “ Not trying to make any fashion statements or anything but thanks.” Rey raised an eyebrow. “ What was that all about earlier, Mister Confidence? About not downplaying compliments and all of that?” Rey smirked and he ran a hand through his hair, thick hair falling back into place afterwards. He chuckled. “ You got me there.” The two of them stood there in a brief silence, both waiting to see what the other would do. Who would make that first move; just like yesterday. It was amazing how they could fall into a simple rhythm of sarcastic conversations about work and life and yet, once the train ride ends, either found it hard to say good bye. Rey moved, about to say something to the man before her. Then Ben kissed her. It was short, quick. A sporadic decision on his part. An act of desperation? Foolishness? He did not know. What he did know at that moment was that his heart was racing and his mind was a garbled mess of ‘ you idiot ‘ and ‘ what did you just do?! ‘. Rey, on the other hand, stood before him with her mouth slightly agape and her eyes wide in shock. “ I-I’m sorry. I… I didn’t mean to--” Rey rushed forward and captured his lips in a kiss. She’s stood on the tips of her toes to get a better angle, to take advantage of their height difference. She pushed forward and he countered, the two of them aggressively trying to consume the other with a selfish greed of neither wanting to break away, to turn away, to leave the other behind. She opens her mouth, he takes advantage by deepening the kiss. They both taste like coffee. Bitter, yet the nutty aftertaste still lingering on their tongues. Distinct. She nearly fell into him, gripping onto his jacket for support. He wrapped an arm around her waist to keep her grounded, to feel her more. To remind him that this was not a fantasy. It seemed like ages but it was only a couple of minutes before Rey pulled away breathless with swollen lips. He did not look any better; face flushed, breathing heavily as his mind tried to keep up with what his body was registering. “ I gotta go. Train. Connection.” Rey whispered between heavy breaths. Ben nodded. “ Right.” She grabbed her bag. “ See you tomorrow.” “ See you tomorrow then.” They stood for another minute. They didn’t look directly at each other. The embarrassment of acknowledging each other was too much. “ Oh. Sorry.” Ben stepped out the way and Rey bolted out of the train without looking back. Ben ran his hands down his face. He did not -- could not -- believe that whatever had happened just happened. He quickly grabbed his backpack and left the train as if it was on fire. The farther away he got, the better. Whatever that had just happened was merely a fluke. Yes. That was exactly it. He pulled out his smartphone and opened the Uber app as he made his way to the exit. There was nothing going on between them. Just simple strangers with common interests. Request pickup. Tap. Send. Driver would be there in two minutes. No. No. No. It was nothing. A tap of his train pass against the gate reader. One more minute. He couldn’t get the feeling of her soft lips against out of his mind. A white mid-size pulls up. “ Mister Ben Solo?” A nod of acknowledgment. “ I’m your Uber driver.” Three days and fifteen dollars in coffee later, Ben had fallen for the twenty four year old. And the strangest thing about it was that he didn’t even know her last name. Notes: Bennnnnnnn you idiot. That was quick... or was it? A blossoming whirlwind romance or will Rey shoot Ben down before he gets too far ahead of himself? lol Thanks for reading! I am really shocked at the responses for this fluff fest! Thank you!!! Your kudos, bookmarks and comments keep me writing more <3 Chapter 4 : iv. much needed distraction Summary: Rey avoids. Ben meets a pilot and reaches a revelation. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The sun had yet to creep above the horizon. The newsstands and various shops were not to open for at least another thirty minutes. The station was nearly empty, save for the station’s staff and various early birds that enjoyed catching the first departures of the morning. Honestly, it’s earlier than she would have preferred to catch her train to Niima--- Then again, she didn’t have to take the 5:00am departure, Morning Star no. 10, into Niima, either. This was by her own volition; a kneejerk reaction to what had happened yesterday morning. Kissing strangers wasn’t something Rey Kenobi did. Or, kissing men whose name she didn’t fully know wasn’t something she did. A feeling of uneasy dread bubbled in the pit of her stomach at the thought. She felt as if she had acted rashly; unthinking as her body betrayed her mind and gave into the temptation that had been haunting her throughout the week. There were more things to worry about than kissing rich businessmen who bought drinks without asking and engaged in silly, unfulfilling conversations to kill time. Things like reports, proposals, and unfinished engine designs for clients that were one foot out the door of Skywalker Industries and one foot in First Order Corporation. It wasn’t as if she had neglected her duties, according to her boss she was performing admirably. The distraction that was Ben did not help in trying to keep her focus intact. Her morning routine had been disrupted; before, she would have time in the morning to catch her connection now she was barely making it through the doors before they closed on her. She would be able to show up to the office early and be able to spend time arranging the day’s schedule and preparing for the various meetings that would be held throughout the day, now she was exhausted mentally and physically. Yesterday was the final nail that she needed to separate herself from the situation. Not only only had she succumbed to foolish desires, Rey had also missed her train. It set her morning back by thirty five minutes. Trains on the local line only ran every thirty five minutes, which meant she was nearly an hour late. While her boss, Mister Skywalker, had not reprimanded her or found anything wrong with her coming in late, the fact that she had been distracted enough to act so unprofessionally bothered her to the core. Rey was always regarded as an exemplary person. Even in school she was regarded as the model student. The one that always lead by example. Even when Skywalker had teased her about having a boyfriend, she felt a bubbling shame in her chest. “ It’s good to see you finally have a social life!” He had teased. “ I was beginning to believe my influence on you was becoming a bit too strong in that department.” The embarrassment was too much. Rey needed a change to her morning routine. She needed to remove herself from Ben and regain control over her mornings again. To return to the quiet monotony of half empty trains and researching proposals without a six foot three inch distraction. Distractions that kept her from reaching her goals. When the train pulls up into Coruscant Station, it’s doors open to allow passengers to board, Rey finds her seat and sits down. The chair feels different, it felt stiffer. The upholstery on the seats were different as well, blue instead of the red that adorned Morning Star no. 12. Rey looked down, near her feet for the charge station and found none. This train was obviously an older train. When it takes off towards Niima, Rey finds it slightly hard to adjust to the unfamiliar surroundings of the train. It’s similar to the one she used to ride yet everything was so different. Old. It was only cosmetic issues for the young woman. Everything else was fine. It was as quiet and as empty as Morning Star no. 12 used to be before the new research lab opened it’s doors. Rey welcomed it; a breath a relief and a glimmer of hope at a morning that was once lost to the First Order Corporation. Well, another piece lost to the Corporation. It seemed as if the only thing the Corporation did was take from others without a single ounce of sympathy in how they would affect them. Rey furrowed her eyebrows at the thought of it. The thought of the Corporation always would bring back an anger that usually stayed contained within her, constantly at a low boil, waiting to eventually rupture like a dormant volcano that becomes active without warning. Settled in her seat, she flexes her fingers over the bluetooth keyboard of her tablet and begins to work. Rey drowns herself in it, abating the anger once again. It’s 5:31 in the morning, as the Morning Star no. 12 pulls out of Coruscant Station, when Ben realizes that Rey wasn’t on board. It was to be expected, he reluctantly thought as he glanced over at the empty seat towards the window. Rey never gave the impression that she was interested in him and it was a bit selfish to assume that she was -- or to kiss her without actually asking. Which is odd for him. Ben was never a person that acted out of passion. Everything he did was calculated, thought out, and always had a fail safe. There was no room for error in his world -- it was the only way he was able to rise through the company ranks of the First Order Corporation. Though, his opponents (one redhead in particular), believed his fast climb up the corporate latter was more due to his family legacy than through actual hardworking merit. A thought that only acted as motivational fuel to keep him pushing onwards to the top. Ben pulled out his smartphone from the back pocket of his slacks. He glanced at the phone in his hand and realized he didn’t even get her number. If he had asked for her number, he probably would have texted her. But would she have responded? He began to think of the advice his mother used to tell him about dating women -- something along the lines of girls don’t pushy guys. Though, of course, his father was the exception. A sigh. He runs a hand down his face. Maybe she was sick. But that would have been too uncanny after what had just happened yesterday. Rey was purposely avoiding him. She was probably sick of him. He groans at the thought. And to say he bothered wearing a tie today. Ben opens his mail app and flicks through the emails received within the last twenty-four hours. It's a modest distraction from the reality that his idiotic impulse scared away a well rounded woman from ever riding the train again. There's a lot of reports, questions from various department leads, and a flurry of emails from Armitage Hux, the regional director of the Corporation. Most of them are nonsense -- unnecessary requests to make him look incompetent in the eyes of the CEO, Jonathan Snoke. He eyes one email with the subject: Project Starkiller, Update -- RESPOND IMMEDIATELY. Project Starkiller, the reason why the Niima Research Lab was even opened in the first place. The objective for everyone there was to begin construction on a new rocket for the New Republic government. Or, in short, a weapon for destruction. Ben was in charge of the project. It was bestowed upon him personally by Snoke himself. A test of sorts to see if he was worthy of moving up to the Board of Executives as the new Chief of Technology. If he could successfully oversee and manage the completion of the project within the year, the position would be his. That meant that Ben would be one step closer to becoming the next CEO. And with the aging Jonathan Snoke nearly on his deathbed, that transition of power would be coming sooner than anyone at the Corporation would realize. The only problem was a person named Armitage Hux. Cool and calculated. He had been at the company well before Ben’s arrival, starting from the bottom as nothing more than an unpaid intern for the sales division at the age of 18. His thirst for the top has continued to drive him but it’s nothing more than a nuisance for Ben. Hux is a thorn in Ben’s side. Hux was not his direct superior. Instead, they were equals of sorts. Different responsibilities. Needing to work together in some capacity yet bitter rivals after the same position. These emails were only strategic moves used in a constant battle between the two men. Hux wanted Ben to fail. It’s the only reason why he let Ben take over the Niima Research Lab without contest. So if that meant sending a bunch of emails with inane requests or demands, then so be it. It made the lack of Rey in his morning all the more unbearable. She was the distraction he needed this early in the morning. “ Is that seat taken or…” Ben glances up at the young man who stood in the aisle next to his seat. He wasn’t dressed in the usual business attire that practically everyone else was dressed in. No, he was dressed rather casually in jeans, a black t-shirt, and a brown leather jacket over it. Aviator glasses sat on top of his wavy brown hair. One hand was holding a small leather traveling bag, the other had a set of keys on a simple keychain. “ Yeah, uh. No, it’s not.” Ben said. He gets up and moves over one seat. Rey’s seat. The man takes his seat, putting his bag down on the ground between his booted feet. A pair of worn Doc Martins. He turns around and extends his hand, “ Poe.” Ben takes his hand. “ Poe Dameron.” He gives Ben a firm shake. “ Ben Solo.” Poe raises an eyebrow, a look of recognition on his face, “ Ben Solo…? As in the son of Han Solo ?” Ben nods. It’s not something people would put together upon first meeting him. Physically, they had similar facial features, but Ben’s height coupled with his more or less repressed demeanor in opposite to his father kept the comparisons down to a minimum. He’s actually impressed that this total stranger was able to connect the dots. Either he had read some articles on the Corporation or he was a fan of his father. Though, by the way he was dressed, Ben figured it was the latter. Military enthusiasts and pilots were always the only ones that could figure it out. It was no secret Han Solo had a son, his Wikipedia page had it listed after all: Children, Ben Solo. If anyone was really curious, a simple click on Ben Solo’s name would bring up his page with an unflattering picture of him at a First Order press event coupled with the disappointing fact that his son became an aeronautical engineer and not an ace pilot. But, for the benefit of the doubt, the Skywalker legacy was built upon aeronautical engineering. At least Ben followed some familial legacy. “ Wow, I never thought I’d be sitting next to the son of the great war hero.” Poe smiles. “ I’m sorry if I sound a bit fanboy. But I really idolize your father… If it wasn’t for him I wouldn’t have joined the service myself.” He pauses for a moment. “ That sounded creepy. Trust me. I’m not a stalker or anything. I’m just a pilot with a childhood hero.” Ben chuckles. So it was the latter. “ No, it’s fine. Every pilot I’ve met has always mentioned how much they idolize him.” He pauses then a mumble, “ Soon after with the why didn’t I bother to become a pilot.” Poe laughs. It’s a hearty one, more energy than one would think have at six in the morning. He leans into the chair, hands resting on his knees and fingers tapping to a beat that only he could hear. His energy was polar opposite of Rey’s own. He was more animated, like a rush of wind blowing through a window into an unexpecting quiet room. Rey was more like calm waters on a summer day. It was still a distraction from reading Hux’s six emails sent within the last two hours. “ Hate to pry on your private life, being a complete stranger and all, but why exactly are you riding in coach?” Because I have a crush on this woman and want to know more about her? How pathetic. “ I don’t particularly enjoy living up to the whole...” He adjusts his glasses, pushing them up the bridge of his nose. They’re thick rimmed this time. “ … idea that because I happen to be the heir of a considerable…. Fortune… that I need to act the part…” He licks his lips. Lying was not his best skill. “ I like to stay low key. Away from the whole family ties.” Prior to the fluke that was meeting Rey, he always booked his mornings in the first class car. He always flew in business. He always rented the fastest car and stayed in the best suites. Ben was every bit of the spoiled heir to a family fortune, son of a war hero and a senator. How he managed not to end up in the newspapers when he was younger amazed him even till this day. It’s probably why his mother went completely grey by fifty. “ Gotcha. I feel you.” Poe said. If he didn’t believe him, Ben could not tell. “ I always considered retiring from the NRAF and moving on into commercial aviation. Get to meet so many people, you know? Families, couples, people traveling for business or leisure… It’s like being a fly on the wall.” “ So you’re military?” The New Republic Air Force or NRAF for short. Poe smirks, “Captain.” He picks at some invisible dirt on his jeans. “ I used to fly. Peacetime has relegated officers like us to desk work now.” Ben hummed to himself in understanding. He wasn’t that much different from this new stranger next to him. He went from designing rocket engines to sitting behind a desk approving supply orders and financial reports. Had he stayed with his uncle, he probably would have still been designing rockets and tinkering with car engines in his spare time. “ I understand.” Ben said. “ I understand completely.” He doesn’t bother to purchase coffee. No, that wouldn’t have been right. He listens to Poe talk about things, some of interest and some of no interest at all. He occasionally glances at his phone despite the fact that he knows he won’t be receiving any messages from a certain woman with hazel eyes. Ben doesn’t ignore the man next to him. He engages in conversation and he learns a lot about him; more than he had learned about Rey in the last three days. Attracted to a woman he doesn’t even know. She could have been a mass murderer for all he could have known. They arrive at Niima Station and both are standing on the platform as people detrain, pushing past them as they try to catch their connections. Poe puts a hand in the pocket of his jeans, the other holding his traveling bag over his shoulder. He definitely stood out amongst crowd of commuters. “ This is actually my first time here. Do you know the train I need to take to Ach-to?” Ben raises an eyebrow. Why there? “ Ach-to?” There’s absolutely nothing there. “ I need to get to Skywalker Industries. It’s in Ach-to.” Ah. Except for that. “ Oh.” Ben looks around the station for a sign indicating where the transfer line was. He points over Poe’s head. The pilot looks towards the direction where Ben was point to. “ The local line. It takes you into the mountains…. It’s the last stop. Transfer is over there.” “ Thanks, Ben.” He pauses for a moment. “ Wait. Aren’t you related to the Skywalker family? Your father… he’s married to Leia Organa--” “ Who’s brother is Luke Skywalker, owner of Skywalker Industries. Yes.” “ Shit. All this time I was talking to the contractor?” Ben raises his eyebrows in a cross of amusement, for such an important piece of information to not be recognized by the pilot, and shock that Skywalker Industries finally managed to land a government contract. Amazing. He runs a hand through his hair. “ I don’t work for them. I’m the division head for the Niima Research Lab.” He scratches the tip of his nose. “ The Corporation.” Poe nods as if he understood everything. Without pressing the issue further, he gives him a half-hearted salute. “ I thank you, Mister Solo. It was fun.” An announcement is made over the station’s loudspeakers. The train to Ach-to is about to leave in two minutes. Poe doesn’t bother to dally any longer and takes off towards the transfer platform. Ben takes off his glasses and rubs his eyes. Local line. Why did that sound familiar to him, as if he had heard someone mention taking that train recently-- Oh. That’s right. Rey takes that train to work everyday. A little engineering firm a little ways north of Niima, is what she had said when he first met her. Why didn’t he connect the dots then? The only firm north of Niima was his family’s own Skywalker Industries. Rey worked for his uncle in Ach-to. She worked for Skywalker Industries. The signs were clear as day and he never realized any of them. “ Shit…” The Morning Star no. 12 departs the station towards the train depot, leaving a dumbfounded Ben Solo standing alone on platform seven. Notes: Hey there Mister Dameron. Yes, there is actually some plot to this because I actually spent time planning it out :D I decided to change the tense of this story. I was writing in the past tense but it's just easier for me to focus on the present tense. I'll be going in and editing the previous chapters to avoid confusion. Again, I love everyone's comments and kudos for this story! Don't worry, these two idiot lovebirds will definitely be hooking back up. Chapter 5 : interlude: the mechanic Summary: Rey asks a mechanic about a certain someone... Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) A wrench slips from the hands of a mechanic, lost within the inside of a jet engine. It tumbles down with loud consecutive sounds of metal clashing with metal, echoing throughout the hanger, until it settles into the concrete floor with one final bang. The mechanic looks at the fallen wrench and with one reluctant sigh, makes his way down the latter and outside of the engine’s stripped insides. Finn Calrissian wipes the sweat from his brow and bends down to pick up the wrench with a gloved hand. He taps it twice on his palm and looks up at the engine he was working on. It was a pet project, a relic thirty year old relic from the past. He follows the wing that it was connected to up until the unpainted fuselage. The Millennium Falcon. Rey had called it garbage the moment she saw it. The Millennium Falcon, the pride and joy of his adoptive father. The jet plane that had done its service and then some for the Great War reduced simply to garbage. It had shocked the young man that someone with as much experience as she would consider a war relic garbage. “ Are you still trying to fix that thing?” Rey calls out to him as she enters the hangar where various other engines were spread apart in various points of disassemble. This was the junkyard, as Mister Skywalker put it. Parts would be salvaged for projects or tossed here if they were of no more use. Finn looks at Rey and nods. He wants to be offended but that amount of effort left him years ago. “ It's gonna fly someday. Trust me on it.” He’s confident. It's the only time that he ever is confident about something. “ When you get that engine going, be sure to call me.” “ I'm sure with a little help I could get this baby purring again.” Finn pets the wing like it's a kitten and Rey chuckles. “ I don't like salvaging junk.” She tucks a lock of hair behind her ear. “ I already had enough that in my life.” “ Suit yourself. When this thing starts flying I'm not going to let you even be near the thing.” “Trust me, I have no interests in that hunk of rubbish.” Rey walks over to one of the chairs scattered around the Falcon with her hands behind her back. She sits down rather dainty; a little out of character for Finn. The mechanic can only cross his arms and watch her incredulously. In the three years of knowing her, this was certainly something new. “ What are you thinking about now?” Rey crosses her legs and rests her arm on her knee. She rests her chin on the palm of her hand. With the flowing skirt and white blouse, Rey looks like she popped out of a movie from the 1960s. The beat up Converse All Stars do nothing to wreck the image; she was definitely a star no matter what she wore. Finn pinches the bridge of his nose -- he didn’t need to dwell on the impossible. Instead, he tosses the wrench into the tool box on the floor that was next to his ladder. He shrugs out of his grease stained jumpsuit, revealing a black t-shirt that’s soaked with sweat. He ties the sleeves of his jumpsuit that were tied around his waist with one hand. “ I need your advice.” She says plainly. He leans against the fuselage of the plane with a sigh. “ What type of advice.” “ People advice.” “ People… advice. People advice….” A moment passes. “ Got a boyfriend?” Rey nearly sputters in defense and both of his eyebrows go up. So she has a boyfriend. “ Is he a cute boyfriend?” Finn can’t say he’s not jealous. “ N-no! No!” She sits up and puts her hands on her hips. “ I do not have a boyfriend thank you very much.” Finn can also say that Rey is a really bad liar. She wears her emotions on her face that even without her saying anything she’s literally screaming it with her flushed, beet red cheeks and defensiveness. “ Okay. So you don’t have a boyfriend , but this person is a boy, correct?” She looks away. “ Yes.” But Finn is a really good friend and whatever makes her happy will, in the end, make him happy as well. “ Is he someone I know?” “ No. He’s someone that rides the same train to work as I do.” She leans back in the chair and runs a hand through her hair. “ He’s really smart. He makes for good conversation. He’s nice, too, you know? He always buys me coffee even though I don’t ask him.” A small smile replaces her earlier embarrassment. “ He has the best smelling cologne… and he’s really tall…” Finn mentally scoffs. He could be tall too if he wore a pair of Doc Martens. That would give him a good two inches. This guy must be a giant if she’s acting like a teenager. “ You like him.” Finn says matter-of-fact. Rey’s head snaps in the direction of Finn. “ No!” She cocks her head to the right. “ Yes?” She bites her lower lip. “ No…. I don’t… know.” “ No, you like him.” “ I can’t like someone I barely know.” “ Oh, trust me, Rey. You can.” He laughs this time and Rey scowls. This was not a laughing matter. “ You finally got a crush and you don’t know what to do---” “ He kissed me.” She says, cutting Finn off in mid-speech. “ -- And he obviously likes you.” Finn quickly adds. “ He wants you. You obviously want him, so what’s the problem?” Rey stands up and starts pacing. Didn’t he realize that this was a really complicated situation? Couldn’t he understand that you just don’t kiss strangers? This was not normal behavior. This was … This was just wrong . There was no way that Rey could possibly be in love with a random guy that happens to be in charge of the new plant that is practically putting her own workplace into the ground. Not to mention what that company has done in the past. How could someone like him work such a horrible company? “ I… I can’t focus on that. I need to figure out a way to tell him no. Like, just put an end to all of this before it gets out of control.” Finn pushes himself off of the plane and sticks his hands in the pockets of his jumpsuit. He walks over to her, but maintains a distance. “ Why are you afraid of getting involved with him?” “ He works for First Order.” She says disappointedly. Finn mouths an ‘oh’. Well that changes the situation. Rey and the First Order do not have good history. “ A lot of people in the area works for them. Especially since that new lab opened up.” “ Yeah, but he’s the director of that lab.” Director? Finn scratches the back of his head. He had heard about the director of that lab. In fact, he had known him personally. They practically grew up together with their fathers being best friends. There were many days that they spent simply flying around in the Falcon, both he and the boy talking about all sorts of things that eight and eleven year old boys would while their fathers reminisced over the good ol’ days. “ Is his name Ben?” Finn asks. Rey nods. “ How did you... “ “ You mean to tell me you don’t know who he is and you work here ?” Finn is shocked but he sounds more annoyed than anything. How did that go over this woman’s head he has no idea. Maybe it was true -- maybe she really didn’t pay attention to things beyond her own love for engineering. Finn thought she was joking but, no, the woman was serious. She really didn’t care about anything other than her job and interests. Maybe he didn’t want to believe she had such tunnel vision on things. “ Wait, what are you talking about? Of course I wouldn’t know. I could care less for that company. The less I know the better.” She crosses her arms but Finn sighs. “ Rey, his name name is Ben Solo. He’s Luke’s nephew.” Rey blinks. Wait. “ What?” “ I said his name is Ben Solo and he’s Luke’s nephew.” Finn runs a hand through his hair and lets it fall to his side. Talking about Ben was always an ordeal for him -- they were good friends as children but once they grew up things just… fell apart. The irony that the man of his interest's dreams was Ben Solo of all people couldn't have been a mere coincidence. Finn is a bit disappointed but he doesn't want to let Rey know about it... So he instead continues to talk about him with an air of indifference. Unlike Rey, he was a little better at hiding his true emotions. Or at least that is what he liked to tell himself. “ We grew up together. His father knew my father.” He raises his hand a few inches over his head. “Tall? A little peculiar? Likes to wear a lot of dark colors?” Rey is nodding slowly as she slowly digests the information. “ Yeah, that’s him. You met his father a few weeks ago, you know. They look nearly identical…. ” “ I don’t remember.” Rey shakes her head. “ That’s beside the point. Such minor details I could care less to focus on.” “ I guess so.” Finn walks back to the Falcon. “ He’s not a bad guy. He has his issues but so does everyone else.” He picks up the wrench from the tool box. “ What should I do?” “ He’s a passionate guy. Once he has his mind set on something it's hard for him to let go.” Finn starts up the ladder. He stops at the third step and looks at Rey. “ If you think there’s something there, I wouldn’t stop you from pursuing it. If you don’t like him, I honestly suggest letting him know now before things get out of control.” Rey chews on her lower lip again to the point she tastes the metallic taste of blood. She really needed to stop doing this whenever she was nervous. Finn gives her one last look before continuing up the ladder and back into the engine of the Falcon. “ Do you know why he’s there and not here?” She asks. Finn doesn’t say anything. “ If he’s Luke’s nephew, why isn’t he here?” Finn says something but Rey can’t hear him. “ What was that?” She calls out. Finn steps down enough so Rey could hear him better. “ That’s something you have to ask him. Needless to say, it’s pretty sensitive and I rather not talk about it with the bossman around.” He taps the wrench on his shoulder. “ Besides, I think you should ask him. It might make for an interesting conversation.” Finn takes a step up the ladder. He doesn’t ascend further, finally remembering something to tell Rey. “ Oh, by the way. I suggest googling him. He may come off as a simple guy but trust me he’s far from simple .” “ Thanks, Finn.” Rey says. She starts walking out of the hangar. Rey stops just before the exit and turns around. “ Oh, by the way, Mister Dameron was asking for you the other day.” Finn drops his wrench. Maker, not again . “ Did... he.” “ He wanted me to ask you if you were free for drinks... He seems like a really nice guy, you know.” Finn facepalms, thankful for the fact that Rey can’t really see him. He knew that the pilot had something for him but Finn couldn’t reciprocate those feelings. Yet, he was pretty sure at this point that Rey thought he was gay. Which she was partially correct -- he was bisexual -- but regardless of sexuality, he simply didn’t look at the NRAF officer in the same way that he looked at Rey. It didn’t help that she was trying to set him up on a date with the NRAF officer whenever he came over to check on the progress of the new engines for the military’s new jet fighter. “ Trust me,” Finn says. “ I know.” She laughs and runs out the hangar, back to the main office. Love was definitely a very cruel game. Notes: Heeeeeyyyy, this story gets an update! I have not abandoned it. I've just been *really* busy. No train this time, but that's why it's an interlude. Next chapter is back to the Morning Express! Thank you all so much for reading this story <3 <3 I adore the kudos and comments!