Finn hadn’t done much since the incident with Kylo Ren. General Organa ordered him to rest, and though he was reluctant at first, his body complied for him. While he recovered, Poe was happy to be his personal servant. He eagerly did everything for Finn– everything from bringing him food to trimming his hair. Coincidentally, the first time it happened was during that aforementioned haircut. Finn couldn’t help it. In fact– he didn’t even know it was happening. Everything was so much more intimate than what he was used to. Poe was so close that he could feel his breath on his neck. He couldn’t help it. “Um.” Poe awkwardly cleared his throat, “Finn?” “Yeah?” Finn looked at him with surprisingly innocent eyes. There was a slight blush on his cheeks. “Do you want me to leave?” “Why would I want that? That feels…” He paused, eyebrows drawn close together, “…Really good.” Poe cringed at Finn’s obvious sexual frustration. “You’re pitching a tent, man.” Finn’s eyes widened. “Is that not normal? Something’s malfunctioning, isn’t it?” — “What did you just say?” Poe asked, pinching the bridge of his nose between his forefinger and his thumb. “That can’t be right.” “I said,” repeated Dr. Kalonia with her usual no-nonsense expression, “Based on Finn’s blood sample, it seems as though the First Order injects stormtroopers with hormones to keep their libido under control.” “I knew the First Order was evil, but not that evil!” Poe sighed. “That’s a cruel and unusual punishment.” “It’s not a big deal.” Finn said, though he wasn’t sure Poe heard him over the sound of his constant worrying, “There’s no need to get hysterical.” “I’m getting appropriately hysterical given the situation.” “Poe, it’s okay.” Finn began with a twinge of irritation to his voice. “That’s just how it is.” “No,” Poe interrupted. “This isn’t okay. It’s basic biological science! All the stormtroopers should know about sex.” “I know about-” Finn looked around at the other people in the med bay. He quickly lowered his tone, “I know about the sex!” “The sex?” Poe crossed his arms. Finn didn’t say anything. Instead, he desperately searched his mind for something- anything- to prove Poe wrong. Stormtroopers had a basic sex-ed class in their early years of training, but that was all there was. None of his peers ever wanted sex, so the topic never came up again. “Yeah,” Finn said, puffing out his chest defensively, “It’s a method of reproduction in which–” “That’s enough.” Poe’s voice was much softer than before, “I’m sorry. I overreacted.” Despite Poe’s sympathetic tone, he still felt humiliated. Finn scratched the back of his head awkwardly, suddenly reminded of what they were doing before. “It’s fine. Do you think you could finish my haircut?” “Of course, buddy.” Poe grabbed Finn’s hand. “Let’s go.” — Finn was relieved that the awkward conversation was in the past, and Poe seemingly had no intention of bringing it back up. However, this was still not an ideal situation. Poe hovered over him, one hand fussing over the back of his head while the other snipped at it fervently with scissors. The only issue was that familiar warmth pooling in Finn’s lower stomach. The embarrassing situation in the med bay had killed the feeling, but now it was back. And it wasn’t going away. There was no way Poe didn’t notice. Finn bit his lip. “Hey, Poe?” “Yeah?” “It’s, um. It’s happened again.” “Thank Force you noticed,” Poe laughed, spinning Finn’s chair around to face him. “The tension in here was thick enough to cut with these scissors.” “Do you think you could help me out?” Finn shifted uncomfortably in the chair. “I mean, you know. As a friend. As my friend.” Poe laughed again, this time throwing his head back and wiping away a single tear. “Oh, wow. That’s not typically a friend activity.” “I’m sorry,” Finn groaned. He covered his face with his hands and wished fervently to be anywhere else but here, “I’ve never done this before.” “Woah, hey,” Poe tossed the scissors aside, “I didn’t say no.” Finn nearly jumped when Poe knelt in front of him. Now at eye level, he placed a hand on Finn’s thigh. “I need to know that you’re comfortable with this. Tell me if something feels wrong, okay?” Poe maintained eye contact with Finn until he nodded, face flustered. Poe pulled Finn’s pants to his knees, causing him to blush furiously at his exposed half-hard dick. Though he tried to suppress his anticipation, Poe’s eyes widened at the sight. He was enamored with Finn; this was like a dream. …Even if Finn just thought of it as a friendly gesture. Poe wrapped his lips around the head of his cock, which was met with a sound of approval from Finn. He pushed foreword, taking in more of his hardening erection. Finn tangled his hands into black curls, guiding Poe’s movement with his hands. He offered Poe a string of clumsily strung together compliments between breathy moans. A muffled groan came from Poe’s throat as he tried his hardest to deep throat Finn. The former stormtrooper was too big for Poe’s gag reflex. Fortunately, Finn didn’t last long enough for Poe to choke. He came without much warning– which was fair, Poe thought. What warning was he going to give, anyway? Finn was left panting while Poe swallowed as much as he could. “Wow, That was amazing.” Finn said while he tucked himself back into his pants, “Thanks Poe.” “No problem,” Poe shrugged, trying not to let Finn know how completely smitten he was, “Let me know if you ever want to do that again.” “I will.” “No, I mean seriously.” Poe stood up, “Let me know. Like, any time.” — It was around 10 in the evening when Poe heard a knock on the door. He was in nightwear– simple beige pants and no shirt. A thought crossed his mind that he should be more decent when answering the door, but he tossed that aside and opened it anyway. Finn stood in the doorway, looking sheepish with one hand scratching the back of his neck. “Hey. You need something, buddy?” Poe stepped aside, letting his new company inside. “Yeah, uh… you remember what we did earlier, right?” Finn tilted his head. “Of course,” Poe smiled to himself at the memory. “Why do you ask?” “I was hoping we could do that again.” Notes: And then they proceed to fuck at inopportune times because why not lol