hux had once called ren a disgusting sleeper . after one particularly restless night, when ren's thrashing had eventually forced the redhead over the edge of the mattress and onto the floor. he heard the thunk , and then he heard a groan, he heard a sharp exclamation of his name, and then he heard himself chuckle. to hux's defense, ren was the definition of a disgusting sleeper . he snored, he mumbled nonsense throughout the duration of the night, he hoarded the blankets( only to kick them onto the ground minutes later ). the mattress was easily big enough for two bodies, yet ren seemed obligated to take up as much space as humanly possible. and then there were the nightmares. hux had assumed before they'd even become friendly with each other, that someone like ren would be prone to nightmares. he didn't necessarily expect the trashing or the frantic clinging. he most definitely didn't expect to be woken up nearly every other night to comfort a grown man out of a bad dream. there'd been crying (so, so much crying) , and feeling obligated to stay up until ren had finally fallen back asleep was tiring at first. the temptation to tell him to ' get over it ' was strong, but he never gathered the strength to be so harsh to someone who seemed so fragile.( physically, ren was most certainly not fragile. ) * one night sticks out sorely in the general's mind. there'd been no sleep whatsoever that night. he'd arrived to his shift on the bridge looking exhausted, and a few of the lieutenants surely noticed( though none of them dared to comment ) it was a particularly cold night on the finalizer, ren had come in late,( interrupting hux's pre-sleep reading ) he'd collapsed face down on the sheets, fully clothed, without a word. hux had attempted to maneuver around him, under the impression that ren had just suffered from exhaustion. but then he noticed the trembling shoulders. and the sniffling. ' go to sleep ' hux had halfheartedly commanded. ' i can't ' ren replied, voice muffled by the duvet. ' i don't want to dream anymore ' the general recoiled slightly, not wanting to press any further. he didn't have to press any further. it was as if ren was just waiting for the opportunity to spill all of his troubles on hux. he spoke about his childhood, about his nightmares( 'i killed him, hux. nobody told me to kill him, i just did it .') eventually ren had talked himself into unconsciousness, but hux willed himself to stay awake that night. his fingers threaded themselves into ren's hair( which was too long, and also too soft for someone like ren ) and to his surprise, there was no thrashing, or sleep-talking, or blanket stealing. ( although there was definitley still some snoring .) that next morning, ren had thanked him before leaving his quarters, and hux nodded curtly in response. * ren was a human furnace, and hux had known that long before the clinging started. yet, when it started, the heat wasn't unbearable. it was a welcome warmth that combatted the cold, recycled air of the finalizer. hux had woken briefly to find ren's arm's loosely draped across his torso, his head resting against the apex of his shoulder and chest.( and his too-long, too-soft hair tickling hux's nose .) the nightmares seemingly all but stopped after the clinging started. after the clinging came the soft exchanges of; ' goodnight ' or ' sleep well' after that came the forehead kisses, after that came the rushed and awkward i-love-you 's and after that, hux swore to himself that ren smiled while he slept. and, much to hux's delight, there were no apparent nightmares again.