Hux woke to the taste of stale breath and come on his tongue, proof that last night really hadn’t just been a horrible nightmare. He’d really suffered through that degradation at Ren’s hands. He got up out of bed, heading to his ‘fresher to immediately brush his teeth, vigorously scrubbing at every corner of his mouth until all he could taste was mint. He could still feel Ren’s cock in his mouth, thrusting vigorously down his throat until he choked. His throat still burned, and he had no doubt his voice would be rough today. Hoarse. He could feel Ren’s gloved hands, still, too. The soft leather brushing gently over his cheek and jaw in mock affection. Carding through his mussed hair, combing it with long fingers before gripping it tight to force Hux to do what he wanted, pulling tightly at the roots until Hux had no choice but to comply. He quickly disrobed, setting his undershirt and boxers aside, before climbing into the shower and turning the water onto just shy of scalding. Water was a luxury few on the Finalizer were offered, only the higher ranked officer, and Hux took advantage of that with relish. Hot showers were something he was rarely granted the privilege of earlier in his life. He poured some shampoo in his hands before lathering his hair, determined to wash any and all trace of Ren from his body. He felt filthy, he felt used . Used as if he were nothing more than a Correlian whore. All because he couldn’t control his own damn mind. Once he was satisfied that there was no trace of Ren left on his body, he got out and dried off, wrapping the towel around his slim waist as he stood in front of his mirror. He looked a little better, he supposed. His eyes were still rimmed in red from the time he’d spent crying- he didn’t even know how long it was before Ren came for him. He had a few bruises, likely from a deficiency of some sort, nothing major. He was gaunt, but he couldn’t really help that, since he had a very limited diet, and preferred not to eat very much, often forgetting to eat all together if he wasn’t reminded. And his jaw still ached from having his mouth stretched around Ren’s cock, something that would bother him for his entire shift, a constant reminder of what he had done for a little bit of relief from his demons Ren had at least gone through with his side of the agreement, thankfully. Hux had slept like the dead, his mind blissfully empty for the first time since before his days at the Academy, and he didn’t wake up with a headache. He felt focused, not even a hint of anxiety trying to worm it’s way into his mind. But there was disgust filling him at what he’d done for that blissful clear-headedness. He was disgusted with Ren for even suggesting he degrade himself in such a way, but he was even more disgusted with himself for complying. He was a general of the First Order! He hadn’t fought and sweated and bled as he had risen through the ranks to be put on his knees before a creature that was less than him in every way. Hux’s reflection shimmered, for a moment, and Hux thought his eyes were playing tricks on him. That is, until his pale flesh stretched and warped beyond what should be possible. Muscle sinew pulling away from his bones, joints separating, skin pulled taught. Ink running down his limbs, staining them an almost light-absorbing black. Hux stumbled back, thinking he was finally going mad. He looked down at himself, rubbing at his arms and sides firmly; a way to center himself, a reminder that his body was his, and not really contorting into some warped, shadow creature. “You think such cruel things about me, General,” came an even, crackling voice, and when Hux looked back up at the mirror, expecting to see his reflection, it was Kylo Ren that looked back at him. “I did not need to help you, I did not need to put forth a single thought to use the Force for your benefit, and yet I did. Is this the thanks I get?” Hux’s eyes widened, and he placed his hand on the mirror, expecting it to just be an illusion to shatter and dissipate once it was touched. No such thing happened. All he felt was the cold mirror, steamed up with water vapor that was beginning to hide Ren’s features, until Hux wiped it away slowly. How could Ren project himself this way, as if he were truly in the mirror? I’m not in the mirror, dear general, I’m in you. The words echoed through Hux’s thoughts, crawling through his mind like spiders, their sharp, pointed limps digging into him. “ What ?” he hissed, and Ren’s cruel, distorted laugh answered him. I said, I’m inside of you, General, not the mirror… Just like last night. Hux felt a phantom hand brushing his jaw, making him jerk away. But it was persistent, squeezing his jaw until he opened his mouth. He felt another phantom hand pushing him to his knees, and it felt as if his throat were constricting. He struggled to breathe, one hand clutching desperately at his throat. After a few agonizingly long moments, the phantom touch disappeared, letting Hux fall to his hands, gasping for air. “What-What do you want with me, Ren?” he asked after he was finally able to catch his breath. I already told you, General. I want you to submit to me, to my power. Hux sneered, not that it was intimidating with his disheveled hair and flushed towel-clad body as he kneeled on the floor. “I will not submit to the likes of you or anyone else, Ren.” Not again. Never again would he submit to anyone, for any reason. He had been humiliated enough. We shall see, dear general. We shall see. Hux stood up, a snarl contorting his lips, and slammed his bony fist as hard as he could into the mirror, watching with satisfaction as it broke, cracking apart from his fist, along Ren’s mask. Ren’s shattered visage stood there, staring into Hux, before finally fading away with a caress to his mind. Hux was unable to suppress a shiver at the phantom touch, and he could have sworn Ren was still laughing at him. He pulled his bloodied hand away from the mirror, hissing softly in pain as he tried to pick out the broken shards from his knuckles, only succeeding in driving them in further and cutting up his fingers. “Clean this up,” he called to his hospitality droid as he got his medkit from the cabinet, rifling around curiously until he found a pair of tweezers. He started carefully picking out the glass, listening to his hospitality droid whirring as it cleaned up the glass. He got all of the shards out after a few minutes, rubbing bacta gel over his knuckles before carefully wrapping his hand with bandages. It would be a little difficult to move his hand with the bandages, but it would be manageable. He sighed, running his uninjured hand through his still damp hair, wishing he could just climb back into bed. He felt emotionally drained after yesterday’s events. However, he’s never been one to neglect work for personal matters, so he stood up, put everything away, and began drying off so that he would be prepared for his shift. - Hux found himself in the officer’s lounge with Phasma twenty minutes later, nursing a cup of calf, talking about what they would be doing for the days shift. “Aralt,” she said eventually, in a rare moment of concern. He looked up at her, cringing slightly as he set his caf down. “Guinevere don’t. Please.” “It happened again, didn’t it?” He shook his head, clenching his jaw as he refused to speak. The last thing he wanted to talk about with her was what had happened, especially here, surrounded by the other officers. She was the only person-well, aside from Ren, now-that knew about his panic attacks, having walked in on the middle of one once. And she seemed to have an uncanny ability to sense when he’d had one. “I’m fine, Gwen, obviously. There’s nothing to worry about.” Almost as soon as he was done speaking, the doors to the lounge opened with a hiss, and Hux could feel his blood run cold. Without needing to turn, he knew who it was. The sudden silence among his officers, who’d all been happily talking with each other, alone would have been enough of a clue. Phasma must’ve caught the way he tensed up-nothing escaped that woman, part of the reason she was so invaluable-because she leaned forward and lowered her voice. “What did he do?” Before Hux was able to say anything, only managing to open his mouth to speak, Ren was behind him. The knight put his hand on Hux’s shoulder, thumb stroking the back of his neck subtly, and his jaw snapped shut. Phasma leaned back, hands folded neatly on the table as she regarded Ren evenly, but Hux could see the suspicion in her cold gaze. “Captain Phasma,” he said, his damned helmet modulating his voice, that ever present crackle even more grating than normal on Hux’s ears. “General, how are you?” Hux could feel all eyes in the room on them, and he wanted to run. He was out of his element like this, thrown into a situation he was not prepared for. And of course Ren knew that, which is exactly why he’d been thrown into this position. “I’m perfectly fine, no thanks to you.” There was a soft sound of static, as if Ren was possibly humming in response, and that damned hand squeezed around his neck harder. Hux could barely suppress a shiver, could barely keep his eyes open even though he felt the pull as they tried to close, could barely resist leaning into that touch. But Hux was a man of self-control; last night’s lapse would not change that. He was not going to suddenly become a simpering waif letting Ren touch him however he pleased. “As I recall, it is entirely thanks to me, General,” he said lowly, and Hux couldn’t tell if he was really speaking out loud, or in his thoughts, his voice having an eerie echo to it. For all he knew, it was both. “You seemed distraught earlier. I simply wanted to make sure you were alright.” Hux brushed off Ren’s offending hand, scowling down at his caf. “I am perfectly fine. I was fine this morning as well, Ren, not that your presence helped matters. In fact, it was quite unwanted,” he said tersely, before taking a sip of his caf. Then almost spit it all over Phasma as Ren invaded his thoughts again. It would be a shame if you were to have another episode so soon, General. You’d best control yourself; it would be effortless for me to remove the block in your mind that’s allowing you keep so calm. Hux paled but said nothing in response, continuing to sip at his caf until it was time for his shift. And if his voice was a little rough as he barked orders at his men, no one said anything about it. - It was 15 sleep cycles before Hux had another episode. It was as bad as before, thankfully, but he couldn’t seem to calm himself down. Not even drawing helped. He sat on the floor, leaning against the wall with his journal and pencil clutched to his chest, eyes shut as he tried to regulate his breathing. As if summoned by Hux’s distress, Ren was soon at Hux’s door, punching in the override code and entering. Hux looked up at Ren with a cold glare, but set the journal and pencil aside neatly anyway, before pulling himself to his knees, staring up at Ren defiantly as he parted his lips for the knight. Ren just shook his head at Hux, a crackling coming from the helmet that meant he was laughing at Hux. “You’re so eager, General.” ‘I have half a mind to bite your dick off you insolent prick,’ Hux thought loudly, hoping Ren heard him loud and clear. Just in case he didn’t, he bared his teeth threateningly at Ren. Ren just laughed again, palming at the growing bulge in his pants. “Why don’t you beg for me, Hux?” “Fuck. You.” “Is that all you have to say?” “Do you have no one else to get you off?” “Of course I do. I can take anyone I want. You’re just the most fun because of how much you resist. Now go on, General. Beg .” Hux stiffened, looking as if he were about to refuse, before sighing and looking down. He couldn’t look at Ren as he did this, instead focusing his attention on the ground. “Please, Ren,” he said softly, closing his eyes when he felt a familiar gloved hand in his hair, mussing it up before carding it back. “I suppose that’s the best I’ll get out of you isn’t it? Oh well, good enough. For now. Next time you’ll do better.” Hux barely had time to feel sick at the mention of ‘next time’, hating that he’s almost come to rely on the relief Ren brings him, before Ren is pushing aside his robes and pulling out his cock to rub the slick head against Hux’s lips. “Open those pretty lips of yours, General.” Hux again sent the imagery of him taking a bite out of Ren’s cock, receiving a sharp tug to his hair as Ren jerked his head back. “I like your fire, General, but do not test me. You will not like the outcome. Now behave .” He hissed softly in pain, before parting his lips for Ren to lap lightly at the tip of his cock. Nothing more than kitten licks that had Ren groaning; in frustration or arousal, Hux couldn’t tell. Maybe both. He kept that up for a little while, before sucking at him, still just at the tip. Ren seemed content to let Hux do as he pleased, petting his hair and stroking his cheek condescendingly. Hux hated to admit it, but the touch was comforting in its own way, and he allowed himself to lean into it, Ren’s cock slipping deeper into his mouth as he went. Ren grunted appreciatively, and Hux hummed softly, making Ren clutch desperately at Hux’s hair as he thrusted shallowly into his mouth. “I think you missed your calling, General. You would have made a fine whore.” Hux let his teeth graze over Ren’s length as he pulled away, making the knight shudder. “I am already participating in your depraved fantasy. I would appreciate it if you would be silent while I do so,” he hissed, crying out when he received a vicious, unexpected backhand. Before he had a chance to recover, Ren was jerking his head back by his hair and he was blinking back tears. “Apparently you don’t understand this situation. I don’t care what you want, what you want doesn’t matter . If you want my help, then you will do as I say, as I say it, and you will be silent . Clear?” Hux nodded rapidly, reaching up to grab at Ren’s arm, trying to pull his hand away. Ren only gripped tighter, using his free hand to squeeze Hux’s jaw until he opened his mouth enough for Ren to shove into his mouth. “Bite me, and I will break your jaw,” he growled, thrusting harshly. Hux choked briefly, trying to get used to the feeling of Ren’s cock brushing the back of his throat, but he was unable to fully relax with Ren’s hand on his jaw. There was no soothing about his touch this time. Nothing comforting as he jerked Hux along his length. Then, he finally released Hux and the man fell back, coughing as he rubbed his jaw. Ren only sighed, brushing Hux’s hair back again. “I don’t want to hurt you, General. Why can’t you just behave for me?” he asked sadly. Hux just looked at him, dropping his hands and tilting his head up, lips parted even as tears leaked silently down his cheeks. “Are you going to let me help you know?” he asked, voice as gentle as it could possibly be through the mask, and Hux nodded. He placed a soft, almost apologetic kiss to the tip of Ren’s cock before allowing it to push into his waiting mouth. He sucked and licked at Ren carefully, mindful of his teeth this time. When Ren started petting at his hair, stroking his cheek and jaw affectionately, Hux pulled away to lick and kiss along the length of Ren’s cock. “That’s it,” the knight murmured, rubbing Hux’s temple with his thumb as he silenced his mind like before. Hux sighed in relief, the ghost of breath over heated flesh making Ren shudder, then pull Hux away. “Close your eyes, General,” he said softly, stroking himself lazily as he watched Hux obey. He stroked himself to completion, coming in thick spurts over Hux’s face, making sure to mark him. Hux lifted his hand to reach blindly for Ren’s cock, stroking him slowly as he milked the rest of his release from him. One Ren was done, Hux leaned forward to lick him clean, then tucked his flaccid cock away. Ren smirked down at the debauched looking general, scooping up some of his come on two gloved fingers before offering them to Hux, who dutifully sucked them clean. Ren continued like that, feeding Hux his come until his face was mostly clean, then finally pulled away. Hux looked up at him, eyes unfocused and almost dazed, as if he's lost himself to the experience, and Ren grinned behind his mask. “Until next time, dear general.” Then he would be able to enact the second part of his plan. He left Hux to clean himself up and climb into bed, not feeling as guilty or used as he had last time. In fact, he wasn’t sure how to feel about the most recent events, aside from slight resentment when he felt his still stinging cheek. He may not like what he was doing, but he knew if he told Ren to stop, the knight would leave and never speak of it again. He didn’t know how he knew, but he was sure of it. He also knew that the clear headedness was worth a little bit of private humiliation. With that being the only thought in in his otherwise empty head, he drifted off to sleep. Notes: For those that want actual sex, don't worry. Hux will get a good dicking in chapter 4, I (and Ren) just have to work up to it. (and get that stick out of Hux's ass) And there's going to be a part 3, with likely even more smut. So don't worry, I got you. Just gotta wait a little while. Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 2 of the Mock Me Mercifully series