I Can Do Better The undeniable fact—he knew you so well. The first time he had seen you, a spark of interest had been lit. This had later been ignited into a full flame of curiosity tinged with a wanting, and burning hotter as desire coursed through him. It was not only for your appearance, your body, that he found himself watching you. Your voice echoed in his head—Kylo Ren so often stared into the vastness of space as he attempted to chase away that appealing sound, your voice, in order to focus on his meditations. When he discovered that you were claimed by another, however, he found that he could no longer escape. Your mind was simple enough to enter, to reach no matter what portion of the ship you were on. Distance meant nothing to him. And so he would observe, through your thoughts, the intimate moments between you and the man you were with. Initially, each and every one of your shudders caused his breath to hitch. Your mind would sing, the thrumming of pleasure that pulsed through you turning into a low-beating drum that pattered its way into his own heartbeat and ultimately set his blood rushing to where it pooled in his loins. Most took for granted the fact that Kylo Ren could enter the minds of others; he laughed to himself in private over the foolish lie they believed, that it would always hurt when he began prodding. But no—that was an interrogation technique, one that proved successful. You were also blinded by this lie. He nearly pitied you, that you had no idea how often you were not alone in your head. He basked in the glow of your thoughts; often he slipped into your head when you appeared distracted in his presence. It was rarely him you were thinking of. Instead it was that other man—your boyfriend, he thought with such disgust and irritation. Oh, the man tried as hard as he could to please you. Listened well whenever you corrected him, directing his hands to touch you— there . Kylo Ren would be fisting his swollen member during those times, pumping himself, only to pause with the knowledge that he would do so much better. He was a more attentive lover than your boyfriend. He had memorized how you liked to be touched, and so he would snicker when your mind would supply your body with the lie that something felt good, even if it wasn’t exactly stimulating. These incidents happened less and less, but happen they still did. Standing beside you, the Master of the Knights of Ren was, for once, not inside your head. He had no desire to hear your thoughts of tenderness towards the man who was wishing you luck on the mission. Kylo curled his hands into fists; this did nothing to attract attention, he implanted such a posture daily. You hardly shied away from him—most of those in the First Order winced or skirted around him in fear. You—ah, on certain levels you did fear him. You valued your life, and for this Kylo Ren could never fault you. But you never once allowed your fear to interfere with your work. Though he valued your work ethics, Kylo Ren found himself, from time to time, frustrated with how efficient you were at your job. There was never any excuse to take you off to the side to be reprimanded. Never any excuse to get you alone . He waited until you were heading up the ramp of the Command Shuttle before beginning his own entrance. His eyes, hidden behind his visor, were glued to your posterior. Your hips swayed naturally. Nothing exaggerated—you were not attempting to draw attention to yourself, though in his opinion your mere existence demanded that of anyone. Your uniform hid the majority of your curves. You took your place in the co-pilot seat, tugging on your headset and checking over the controls to ensure everything was ready for the flight. Kylo Ren observed you, the way your fingers danced over each button and switch. It made him think back to the first time he had slipped into your mind while you were naked underneath your boyfriend. He had been tempted to delve into his head, and yet he did not want a secondhand experience of being inside of you. Of cupping the swell of your chest, your nipples hardening as your heart began to race in anticipation of those hands trailing downwards. To your hips, caressing your sides. Cupping between your legs as his mouth—so hot, you thought, so warm and wet—on your breasts. His teeth grazing over your nipples. A thumb caressing your clitoris. Teasing. Slow. So slow, edging you over and over again until you were begging . Turbulence drew him out of his thoughts. Kylo Ren tapped his thumb against his thigh. You were speaking with the pilot, the two of you working together to allow for a smoother ride. He was not looking your way physically; that was one of the many benefits of being Force sensitive, of being trained by Supreme Leader Snoke. He could feel things, sense them. Once more he delved into your head. The normal calm you experienced during the many flights you had taken aboard the Limo was interrupted with a certain level of panic. What was intended to be a routine mission was turning into something else—the hunter was becoming the hunted. He nearly chuckled at the notion that the Resistance believed they could lure him out in this manner. Could defeat him. Kylo Ren removed the restraints that kept him safely seated. He used the Force to keep himself grounded, trudging over to where you and the pilot sat. He placed a hand on the headrest of your chair. You stiffened, sparing him only a fleeting glance. “Sir,” you uttered passively. He appreciated that your attention was predominately on your job, that you were switching on the weapons systems. Kylo Ren could sense the enemy ships; he hardly needed the radar as you and the pilot did. He turned his head, as though he could see through the walls of the Command Shuttle. “Kill them. We need no prisoners.” You and the pilot both nodded. Neither of you worried that the commander would be thrown off his feet; this was far from the first time he had stood whilst the two of you were battling the Resistance. It was the first time, however, that his hand shot up, raised, outstretched; his fingers curling the slightest bit. You were completely rigid in your seat, your chest heaving and your eyes impossibly wide. A cold chill ran down your body at the sight of the blast that had nearly shot through the glass and into your head. Panicked by the sight, the pilot overcorrected, and you whipped forward despite your seatbelt. Your head slammed back against the seat, and Kylo Ren dipped his chin in order to look at you as you hissed in pain. His grasp on the Force faltered, and he lurched forward, his hip hitting into the pilot’s seat with a noisy thud . He straightened himself immediately, inwardly cursing himself for that moment of distraction. At most he would have a bruise, which was nothing to him. Kylo Ren watched as the first enemy ship was struck by a blast from the Command Shuttle. He could feel the life of the Resistance pilot fading away through the Force. Three ships more. You were rubbing your neck, wincing, as you fumbled to lock onto another of the Resistance ships. Ren lifted his chin, looking away from you to instead observe one of the pilots in the enemy vessel. Again did his hand shoot forward. This time as he squeezed together his fingers, the Resistance member clutched uselessly at his throat, trying to pry away the grip that was cutting off his air supply. Kylo Ren felt a ripple of awe roll through you and the pilot of the Command Shuttle. The remainder of the enemy ships were taken out through cannon fire via the Limo. It was only when he was assured of your safety and that his shuttle would not meet with more opposition that the Force user returned to his seat. He ordered the pilot to head back to the Finalizer . Though his annoyance with the Resistance was at a high, he found himself distracted by the fact that you were still rubbing your neck. His hands curled into fists. Slowly, so as not to startle nor harm you in your current state, he willed his mind to touch yours. Discomfort. Pain. You were wondering if you had whiplash, which your boyfriend would not be pleased about. He cared for you, and would likely want you to visit medbay. A part of you rejected the notion of having whiplash, of needing to be seen by a physician. You had other tasks that needed taking care of. The systems of the Command Shuttle were going to be updated, and you wanted to ensure that you were on top of things. Kylo Ren’s breath came out ragged at that last sentiment. He had seen it so many times while in your mind. The way, when at last your boyfriend made you cum after much begging, you would push him onto his back and mount him. It thrilled you to ride him. Ren could feel his cock beginning to stir, and he focused instead on your possible injury. News traveled fast. The moment the ramp to the Command Shuttle descended, the man you were with rushed inside to check you over. Kylo Ren bristled, the desire to kill your boyfriend as he had the Resistance pilot flowing through his veins. It would be so easy. Your tender gaze, the way you became moldable clay and agreed without protest to boyfriend’s insistence that you be seen by a physician—these things further aggravated the Master of the Knights of Ren. He trailed along after you and your boyfriend, the both of you tense. You, however, relaxed when your commander ordered a physician to drop his other tasks to check you over. You were, after all, the co-pilot of Kylo Ren’s shuttle. It was only natural he would want to ensure you were in a condition to perform your duties. Yet such thoughts quickly gave way to confusion. Kylo Ren looked at your boyfriend, ordering him away. Conflicted by his desire to see you safe and fear of the other man, your boyfriend hesitated. “Sir, I—“ “You have your own duties to worry about. Unless you wish for a transfer.” The threat had the other swallowing down any protest he had been ready to voice. You, obeying the physician’s orders all the while, glanced at him. “I’ll be fine.” Kylo Ren watched the other man nod, felt his arms twitch at the sight of the other giving you a brief, gentle kiss before walking away. Once the other man was gone, however, he found himself able to relax more. His attention was on you, on the physician tending to you. The physician sighed when you winced at the lightest of touches. “Ice should help ease the pain. I will order some pain medicine as well. I’ll want to see you again in three days, or if the pain gets worse. You’re not cleared to fly.” The physician turned his gaze to Kylo Ren. “Sir—“ “Keep her overnight. I don’t want her health compromised.” “Yes, sir. We have a private room we can move her to.” “Do it.” ~*~*~*~ He knew you too well. The moment you were resting after having iced your neck and taken the medicines given to you, you had requested to have your datapad brought to you. Kylo Ren held it in his hand, stepping into the room. You blinked. Ah, that delicious confusion from you—not fear, as others would have felt. He had your respect, and you were aware that on some level you had his. You were, after all, the co-pilot to his shuttle. You and the pilot both had a healthier working relationship with him than most others. The door to your room closed behind Kylo Ren. Your eyes wandered along the windows as the curtains drew closed without anyone touching them. The Force user set down the datapad, albeit out of your reach. “S-sir?” His chest tightened at the sound of your voice. A ripple of pleasure, which spread throughout his entire body. Kylo Ren strode over to you, his hands seizing your wrists and pinning them above your head—not too roughly so as to jar your sore neck, yet not exactly gently either—and his torso pressing into yours. The smooth metal of his mouthpiece was near your lips. Your breath fogged it. “I know how he touches you…how you long for it…even now. Sore. Injured. You so desperately want to be touched.” Your eyes were wide as saucers, your breath coming out ragged. Your legs shifted, bending at the knees as your toes curled. “I can do better…you’ll see.” The hand that was not holding captive your wrists slipped underneath the blanket that was atop your lap. He cupped your clothed pussy. Kylo Ren did not have to be in your mind to see the conflict within you. A part of you wanted to tell him to stop—you had a boyfriend. A part of you was afraid. Another part of you was curious, trying to register what he had said, what he had implied. He removed his hand from your cunt, pressing two fingers against your lips and shushing you when you started to make a small noise. He caressed your cheek with his four fingers stretched apart from one another. Next your wrist, up and down along your vein until you were shuddering at the sensation running through you. It was then that Kylo Ren, feeling your curiosity winning out, touched the side of your neck. Gently kneading you, easing some of the pain before shifting his hand lower. He fondled your breast in the way you liked, in the way you had taught your boyfriend to handle you. Your eyes searched your commander’s mask. He had relinquished his hold on your wrists to grab your other breast while at the same time he climbed on top of you. You could feel him even through the layers between the two of you—your clothing, the blanket, his clothes. Behind his mask, Kylo Ren smiled. He slid down your body, drawing aside the blanket and making quick work of the clothes that were covering the lower half of your body. One of his long fingers slid inside of your already wet cunt. Your hands whipped to the side, snatching at the bedding when he hit something inside of you that had you instantly bucking up into his touch. “I told you… I know how you like it,” he purred. A second finger slipped inside of you. So long, able to easily caress that part of you that had your thighs nearly spasming in pleasure. “S-sir! I—“ “Shh…” He was kneeling on the bed at an angle so that he could finger-fuck you. “You feel so tight.” His cock was impossibly hard, straining painfully against his pants. Yet he had enough control over himself to keep from tugging himself free and plunging straight into you. No, he was different than that boyfriend of yours on that front. Which is why he had you cumming, moaning his title and burying your face in your hands. Conflict running through you again. “I’m going to make you scream.” His fingers left you, both of his hands going to the sides of his helmet. You dropped away your hands, gulping when he removed his helmet. Kylo Ren locked his eyes with yours, holding your gaze as he moved his face between your legs, which you parted for him. His plump lips settled into a smirk. At the very first swipe of his tongue, at that first taste of you, he could not suppress the groan. Fuck, but were you the most delicious thing he had ever tasted. His gloved hands seized your thighs, parting them further so that he could easily plunge his tongue inside of you. His tongue was longer than your boyfriend’s, more skilled even. And he knew exactly where to lick, where to nip, how to mouth your pussy. Your hands were in his hair, tugging him closer and at the same time pushing your hips down to meet the thrusting of his tongue. His fingers entered you again. Working you perfectly until this time you were spilling into his mouth. This was the part that excited Kylo Ren the most. Tasting you had been one thing. But now— now —as he withdrew his cock and you started to push him onto his back so that you could swing one leg over him, so that you could lower yourself onto him—Kylo Ren felt his balls tighten. Tight. You were so fucking tight and wet for him. Riding him, rocking against his cock. Kylo Ren eyed you possessively as you bounced on his dick. “Mine,” he mouthed, knowing you were far beyond reason to pay attention. Gentle not to jar your neck, he switched the two of you so that you were again underneath him. His mouth on yours, tongue delving into you, dominating you. Kylo Ren knew you so well, and he had you completely submissive to him with every touch. Chapter 2 : Better Still Notes: Well, ya'll asked for it, so...obsessive, stalker!Kylo for the win~! Better Still It was not often he felt a twinge of regret run through his mind, even less frequent that it caused his entire body to tense up. Yet he could feel it then in that moment. You had been released from medbay that morning. The impulse to check on your health had invaded him, and he had given in, had reached out with his mind and so easily found yours. Instantly he cursed himself for allowing you to leave his sights, for not having the man transferred. Your mind was in a frenzy, a storm of emotions running through you as you sobbed in your boyfriend’s arms. As you admitted to what you had done with the commander. This was the first time Kylo Ren abandoned your mind and entered that of the man you were with. A sense of betrayal, frustration, anger, sorrow, and a hint of denial. It was when he felt your boyfriend pulling away from you, physically, that he started to relax. Oh, on some level he pitied that you the feelings of rejection that you were assaulted by. Yet it left you vulnerable, open. You were still not cleared for flights. Kylo Ren could feel your longing to throw yourself into work. To board the Commander Shuttle and fly away—and then you winced at the thought, knowing he would be there. Kylo Ren strode through the hallways of the Finalizer . The members of the First Order ducked out his way, tensing when he passed them by. They were all insignificant; obstacles in his way to pursue you. He walked with a purpose. That he had felt your boyfriend’s hesitance in walking away from you meant that the man would possibly return. Would accept you back—he hardly deserved you, Ren thought with disgust. You were his . Your tear-streaked face was lovely. The moment you noticed him approaching you, you flinched and turned your back to Kylo Ren. He did not allow this to deter him. Quickening his pace, the Force user closed the distance between the two of you. He grabbed onto your wrists in either of his hands, holding them against your chest while your back was flush with his body. A sob wracked your frame. His breathing, meanwhile, was completely level. He felt your heart racing, its fast pace quickening further as he maneuvered you into an empty room. The door locked without him using his hands, and Kylo Ren led you to a smooth surface. He laid you upon the table on your back, his hands dragging down your pants and underwear. His cock was so hard beneath his robes. A chuckle rumbled through his vocoder. His gloved fingertips trailed down your sides to your hips, whereupon he seized you and tugged you further down the metal surface so that your ass was hanging halfway off. “C-commander, I—“ “Shh,” he purred, burying three fingers into your folds, working you open the way he knew you liked it. Your body was screaming for him, your entrance slick and wet with your juices. “Sir!” Nearly a protest, but so unsure. Kylo Ren quickened his pace, stroking the area inside of you that had your mind fogging with pleasure. You knit your brow, gulping air and arching your back whilst meeting his thrusts. With his free hand, he opened the front of his robe and drew his pants down his hips enough to free his cock. Kylo Ren withdrew his fingers, grabbed hold of your ankles, and tugged you down. He quickly turned you over, bending you over the table and shifting forward so that his cock slipped between your thighs. You panted, squeezed your eyes closed when his hands were on the front of your shirt, when he was ripping the material in two and then tearing your bra. He groped your breasts, groaning and starting to fuck your outer lips at a pace that had your juices dripping from you and slicking up his cock. Kylo Ren smiled behind his mask when you rested your forehead against the cool metal the table offered. “Nn…Commander… Please, I—“ He slid one hand up, thrust two fingers into your mouth, and started to fuck into you with them at the same pace his hips were moving into yours. You whimpered around those digits. “He can’t fuck you like I can,” he whispered into your ear. You whined, feeling your vaginal walls clench at the memory of being under him in medbay. Kylo Ren reached down, lined his cock up with your entrance, and began to push the head slowly up into you. You gripped the sides of the table so hard that your knuckles started to whiten. The fingers abandoned your mouth, a trail of saliva running down your body as Kylo Ren moved those digits to your clit. He rocked his hips into yours, easily finding your g-spot and at the same time toying with the hood of your clitoris. “He can’t do this for you, can he?” You balled one of your hands into a fist, which you then shoved into your mouth so that you could bite down on your knuckles. The sounds of his static-like breath and your muffled panting filled the air, punctuated by flesh smacking into flesh. A wetness as your arousal grew, and a whimper followed by a moan when he brought you to orgasm. Kylo Ren took only a few thrusts more before he ejaculated inside of you, his cum filling you up and dripping out of your cunt when he pulled out. He, while tucking himself away, watched as you fumbled to pull up your lower garments. You lifted your torn bra and shirt. Kylo Ren slipped an arm around your waist and turned you in his arms so that you were facing him. Your eyes, reddened from the crying you had done, were wide as you peered up into the visor of his mask. “Commander Ren,” you whispered. You were holding your shirt over your chest, hiding your breasts from his view. “C-Commander, I… This… I shouldn’t—“ You visibly flinched when he raised a hand, his thumb over your lips, which quivered. Ren chuckled, finding the fact that you were so scared of him amusing. Didn’t you understand how much he wanted you? He had no desire to harm you. “P…Pl-please, sir.” You were trembling, so small and afraid, in his arms. With a sigh, Kylo Ren lifted his hands to his helmet, removing it and setting it onto the table behind you. You had raised a hand, covering your mouth and staring down at his feet. Kylo Ren ran his tongue along his teeth, his jaw twitching momentarily towards the side as he observed you. “Don’t be afraid,” he said softly, threading his fingers into your hair and gently tilting your head back so that your neck was exposed for his mouth. His lips closed around your throat in a wet kiss, his tongue darting out and teasing you. Your hand dropped away from your mouth, seizing his forearm to steady yourself when his teeth began nipping at you. He suckled you, marking you as his. His hand grabbed the shirt and bra, shoving them to the ground. “This is so wrong,” you said breathlessly, your other hand moving to the back of his head. You loved his hair; he knew this, and so leaned into your touch. He lifted his gaze to your face, found that your eyes were closed, and felt his lips spreading into a smirk. His tongue trailed from your collarbone up the entirety of your throat, to your chin, which he gently nipped. He sucked your bottom lip into his mouth, groaning at the taste of you. You at last pulled away from him, bowing your head so that he could not kiss you again. “I love hi—gggg!” His hand whipped up, seizing your face, squeezing your cheeks. A moment later, his touch became more gentle. Kylo urged you to look up once more, at him. “Please.” Unrelenting, he leaned forward, again kissing you on the mouth. His lips closed around yours, his tongue thrusting inside. You gasped at the way he ran the tip of his tongue along the roof of your mouth. Your hands flew to the front of his robes, clutching him. “Mine,” he growled out, his hand in your hair, jerking your head back so that you had no choice but to meet his eyes. His grip relenting for him to pet you, and then he was wrapping your hair around his hand, holding tightly onto you. How he loved every one of your reactions. Fear, yet a soaring sensation running through you at being so wanted. Kylo Ren tugged at your hair so that your mouth fell open. He licked along your tongue before lowering his attention to your collarbone again. Skirting around your breast before finally seizing your nipple. Lapping at you hungrily. And fuck, how he could have cum at the mere knowledge that your boyfriend, having come back for you, was standing outside of the room, his ear to the door. Had been there for several minutes. Had been able to hear your protests. And could now hear your resolve crumbling. The low moans, those soft gasps. The conflict rising up within you again. Kylo Ren crushed this easily by running his teeth and tongue along the top of your pants. He was on his knees, kissing you— worshipping your body in a way your boyfriend never had. “He can never give you what I can,” Ren said against your flesh, flattening his tongue on your skin below your navel. “Can never know you like I do.” The tips of his fingers on your hips, ghosting up your sides as he rose. “Look how easily he threw you to the side. I didn’t, did I? When I knew he was there…I didn’t push you away.” As though emphasizing his words, Kylo Ren was holding you tightly against himself, rocking his hips into yours. “He makes you beg and leaves you so disappointed. You don’t have to beg for me… I’ll make you cum again.” His hands on the hem of your pants and panties together, ripping them, ruining the final pieces of your outfit so that again you were naked. You shuddered at his words, at the sight of him and feel of him kissing down your body until his face was buried in your cunt, one of your legs hooked over his shoulder. You allowed your head to loll back. The fact that you did not know your boyfriend was on the other side of the door, that he was trying to get the door open—that Ren was using the Force to keep the room sealed—meant that you were more vocal as you lost the battle with yourself. Ren’s tongue stroked inside of you, drawing your juices into his mouth. “Nnn…Commander!” You were his ! Some silly boy who thought he was man enough to have you was of no concern. Kylo chuckled to himself, closing his eyes and feeding off the frustration that was flowing through the man on the other side of the door, on the pleasure rippling through you. Your juices dribbled down his chin, and Kylo Ren pulled back long enough to allow his tongue to dip out of his mouth to draw every bit of you inside. He then tackled your cunt again, merciless as he started to make you scream in pure pleasure as he had you cumming so easily. Your hands in his hair, both of them this time, trying to keep him there between your legs. And he would willingly stay there. You tasted so damn good. Yet he knew what you needed. Knew that your cunt was aching for him again. As he was undoing the front of his pants, you were turning of your own accord and bending over the table. “No one will ever be able to fuck you like this.” You moaned, arching your back and raising yourself up onto your tiptoes, wiggling your ass in want. He happily obliged, plunging into your sweet cunt. “Fuck…you’re so tight. You like that?” “Yes! Fuck, yes!” you screamed. “Mmm… Commander Ren! Please…more…don’t stop!” He threw his head back. He could feel it, your boyfriend crumpling to the ground in helpless frustration. Hurt and betrayal rolling through him. Kylo Ren smiled to himself at his victory. “Mine,” he panted out. “Mine, mine, mine.” Baring his teeth, gritting them together as he pounded into you faster, harder—angling himself so that your words were incoherent messes. He leaned forward, hissing in your ear, “Tell me. Tell me I’m better.” “Oh…no…oh…mmm…you’re…. Nnn—you’re better,” you whispered lowly, and only Ren could hear you. But that was enough. He kissed the back of your head. “Please!” “Always.” His hips stuttering as he came, as your vaginal walls pulsed around him, clenching and unclenching.