the transport ship was freezing. even ren, whose body heat was always near stifling, was shivering slightly against the cold air. he'd refused blankets, refused pain meds, refused any help that was offered. hux had felt tempted to scold him for being reckless, for being too headstrong. though, he couldn't bring himself to tell ren what he already knew. he'd woken up a few times throughout he duration of the journey to snoke's fortress. clearly delusional from pain, exhausted, and in no condition to be starting any sort of " training ". the slash on his face had been cauterized, but the lack of blood didn't make the wound any less gruesome. he'd bled through the bacta patch on his side multiple times, and hux felt an odd mix of sympathy and fear. he didn't love ren. they weren't romantic lovers, there'd never been any declaration of love, never anything past ren's escape from his quarters in the early morning hours.( until, of course, the routine had gone full circle and ren had sauntered into his rooms at night .) still, hux felt sick. in part because the sight of ren's exposed muscle and bone wasn't something he ever wanted to see. but also because he didn't want to see ren in pain, he didn't want to see him lifted from his arms and loaded onto a stretcher by troopers.( who were much too lowly to be seeing ren in this state, let alone be touching him. ) he didn't want to see ren bleeding, and trembling, and waking up only to wordlessly groan in pain before rolling over and passing out again. he'd dismissed the medical droid from its post, and taken personal responsibility over watching the knight. the first hour was uneventful, ren slept so stilly that hux would've been unsettled if not for the steady beeping of the pulse monitor.( one of many machines that the droids had hooked ren up to.) halfway through the second hour, hux had removed his gloves and found himself braiding ren's bangs away from his face. his hair was soft( it always had been ), slightly mussed from his tossing and turning, and hux had noted that it'd grown much longer then regulation. he'd concluded that he'd have to scold ren about that later. by the time the third hour had rolled around, ren had four almost perfect braids lying atop the crown of his head. hux would have to think of an excuse as to why they were there. maybe he could convince ren that one of the droids cared about the wellbeing of his hair enough to braid it. ren had started hyperventilating around the fourth hour. chest heaving, arms reaching for something invisible. hux couldn't stop himself from grabbing ren's hand. shortly after, his breathing evened out once again and he was fine. five hours in hux's eyelids began to grow heavy. he rested his forehead against the too-cold metal of ren's bed rail. he still had ren's too-big hand in his. " hux ?" he glanced up quickly to find ren wide awake, big brown eyes darting around the room. the clock told him that they'd rolled into the sixth hour " what is it? should i call for a droid ?" hux stretched his arms over his head, a sharp pain shooting up his neck from the uncomfortable angle that he'd slept in. " what happened ?" ren all but whispered. hux couldn't find the nerve to explain the entire fall of starkiller, not that ren would retain the information in his current state anyway. "i'll tell you later, once you're rested. " the grip on hux's hand was near crushing, but he couldn't protest. "can you stay?" "i've been here since we've boarded, ren " "i need to know if you'll stay until we land." hux brushed his hand across ren's forehead, he was too cold. " sleep, ren." seven hours in, after hux had fallen back into a thin sleep, he was woken again. "hux, can you come over here?" "ren, i'm right here." "i know, but can you come up here?" he'd never heard ren sound so small, and the tone of his voice made hux glance up at the knight. he halfheartedly rolled his eyes when he'd registered ren's implication. "please?" once it was unbuttoned, he shrugged his uniform tunic off of his shoulders and let the fabric puddle onto the ground. after kicking off his boots, and unadmittedly feeling oddly exposed in his undershirt, hux clambered awkwardly onto ren's cot. it was too small for two people, just barely big enough to accommodate ren's ridiculously large frame. but still, he'd forced himself into the corner, squished between the bed rail and ren's side. ren had made a soft sound that hux interpreted as contentment. " you braided my hair ." he'd murmured after a few moments of silence. " it's too long, past regulation. you have to trim it." "you should've let me die." "hm?" "you should've left me." "ren, you know i'm not fond of the fact that you neglect your hair the way you do, but i'm sure the death penalty isn't necessary ." " you're not funny." "go to sleep, ren." a few moments of silence passed before ren grumbled something inaudible and rolled on his side away from the general. hux took that as an invitation to fit himself against ren's back, gently draping an arm across his chest.( careful to avoid the bowcaster wound.) "hux?" "what is it now, ren?" "thanks."