The Beginning Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) DAY 1 Rey is sure she’s going to die. This is not in a battle between a figure in black or trying to escape stormtroopers from Jakku. She’s looking into the eyes of Kylo Ren, except it’s not him . He has the same features, the same freckles, the same twisted scowl, yet he looks different. He’s sporting a horrid blonde wig, one that plasters itself to his forehead and makes his ears appear larger than they are. Hazel eyes are hidden behind thick framed glasses. She expects him to withdraw his lightsaber and lunge at her, driving the weapon through her heart in one clean motion. However, he simply blinks up at her, face expressionless, unsettlingly calm. She had been on her way back towards the dispatch office when she had heard the clang of a tool hitting the floor. She was so used to the sound that she had barely bothered to look up ahead towards the noise, but paused when she noticed what was occurring. “Hey, you kicked my wrench!” Walking further into the hallway, she glanced at the stormtrooper as he began to walk by her, chuckling to himself as the worker who was glaring towards the pair. Eyes trailing across the floor, she notices the wrench laying several feet away from the man. There’s a split-second decision she makes before she pretends to trip, stumbling rather hard into the stormtrooper who trips and nearly tumbles to the ground. “I’m so sorry, sir.” She soothes, reaching out for his arm - which he rips away from her. “You know how us technicians are, leaving our tools all over the place.” She shrugs and watches as the stormtrooper steps close and points a single finger in her face. She senses his anger, especially over her last comment. He doesn’t seem as if he’s going to strike, especially when he turns to stare at the stormtroopers a few steps away before his mask is turning back sharply towards her. “Watch it next time.” He growls irritably before going on his way. “Sure thing, sir.” She says and waves, watching as he turns to corner before she feels a smirk work its way across her features. Her eyes move towards the pair of stormtroopers at the end of the hallway. She smothers her expression the best she can and moves backwards. She grasps the tool securely and moves around the man who is busy refusing to look at her. “Jerkface.” She hears him mutter and a smile blooms across her face for a moment. Rey sighed gently as she bent to hand him the tool. “What a kriffing loser.” She mutters as she moves to hand the tool to the man. His hand shoots up and grabs the tool, his eyes moving up to her own. She’s suffocating. This is Kylo Ren. Kylo kriffing Ren - the absolute psycho First Order worshipper who killed his own father - staring at her with dull eyes. There’s a simple moment of stillness, her breathing coming to stop as he searches her eyes. She’s remembering a battle between the two, her eyes trailing down to stare at the scar marring his jaw, his cheek, his nose. He doesn’t recognize me , she thinks softly and her heart begins to beat normally once more. Within the next moment, the spell has been broken and the tool is void from her grasp. Blinking at him, it takes a moment for her to realize that he is all by himself. Turning her head to stare behind her, she looks for the sign of someone wearing a similar jumpsuit to them, distracting orange vest hanging loosely around their body. When she doesn’t spot anyone, she turns back, her eyebrows raised. “Where’s your supervisor?” She questions him and he shrugs, all too familiar scowl etched across his features. She’s completely compelled to stand and dash down the hallway, but keeps her gaze on him, a bit smug to watch him squirm. He’s bothered by her staring at his scar, she can tell, by the way he turns his head to conceal the marred skin from her. “She went to go get breakfast.” Rey suppresses the urge to shiver, her eyes falling away from his features. He shifts and adjusts the tool to his liking before moving back towards the wires. Her eyes move to stare at him as he works. He’s so unsure as he moves towards one of the bolts connecting to the main system. It’s almost a second too late before she hears the sound of electricity humming lowly from the area he’s reaching towards. The next moment, without even a single protest coming to her mind, she’s leaping towards him, tearing the wrench away from the panel. She’s half splayed across his lap, her legs bent awkwardly as she glares up at his stunned face. She can’t believe she just saved her enemy, blaming it on her unwillingness to allow someone to die in front of her without trying to help them. Now, as she stares up at him, eyes flickering over his still shocked features, there’s a surge of anger in her chest. “Are you an idiot?” She cries loudly, eyebrows raised in exasperation as he meets her furious gaze. In a moment, she’s pushed off him and he’s standing, glaring down at her. “Why did you do that?” He’s angry at her, but she rises up to meet his heat. “You didn’t turn that section of the panel off!” She cries at him and his anger dissipates, leaving him to blink at her in surprise. “What?” He asks quietly, eyebrows raised. Rolling her eyes, she points at the panel, her eyes staring at him critically. “You didn’t turn all of the panel off. If you had touched that with the wrench, you would have been electrocuted.” She says the same moment she hears someone thundering down the hall towards the pair. Turning her back towards him, she sees one of the older workers moving towards the pair swiftly, a half-eaten muffin in her hand. Rey puffs up as the woman stops, her brow raised and a stern look on her face. “What happened?” The woman, Leslie , Rey thought quickly, raising her eyebrows curiously at him as he tried to stumble through an excuse. Glancing behind herself, she bites her lip as she meets his gaze. “Um, ma’am?” She interjects before he can even speak. The woman turns her steely gaze on her and Rey steps forward, gesturing towards the panel. “Um, there was a stormtrooper that came as I was walking by and kicked…” “Matt.” Kylo interjected quickly and Rey nodded, pointing her thumb back towards him. “Matt - he almost fell into the panel without it being completely shut off. Luckily, I was here to grab him before he could fall and be electrocuted.” She says sheepishly and Leslie turns to glare at the gangly man who stands at her side. “Is this true?” The woman asks him roughly and she hears him mutter a quick ‘yes’ towards her, his cheeks flushed as he ducks his head from her scrutinizing gaze. Raising her brows, she glares at the stormtroopers behind her. “This true, Steve?” She deadpans. Rey is terrified and glances towards Kylo, his eyes reflecting the same amount of terror she feels. The duo shrug and mumble something about not paying attention. Rey knows them, she realizes and offers a hesitant wave behind Leslie’s back. “Are you for real right now, Steve? ‘Cause if you aren’t, there’s gonna be a problem.” Leslie says. It takes everything for Rey not to scream in frustration as she watches the stormtroopers look towards one another. She stares at Steve, Rey trying valiantly not to catch Leslie’s gaze as she makes a pleading motion towards him. Stifling silence greets the group before Steve speaks. “Yep. It happened.” Turning back around, the taller woman raises her brow and Rey can only smile innocently under the woman’s fierce gaze. “What’s your name?” Leslie asks. “My name is Avairen, but most of my friends call me Ava, ma’am.” This is the name she has been going by the last two weeks. It wasn't a name that she herself would voluntarily choose. Luke always seemed as though he had a sick sense of humor. His choice of name itself, his smirk as he handed her her documents, and the silent chuckle at her screech of indignation had only helped to prove that. The taller woman nods at her and offers her a wide smile. “Well, Ava-.” Rey feels the swirl of unease running through her as she watches the woman glance between the pair of technicians with a somewhat sinister glint in her dark eyes. “Since you seem so keen to help him, perhaps you could supervise him.” Rey feels like she’s just been slapped in the face. “I don’t think-” She starts, but before she can even finish her protest, the woman is rushing down the hall, hurriedly scarfing down her muffin. Rey watches her turn the corner and she slowly turns around, her eyes meeting Kylo’s eyes with a look of complete bewilderment. “Well, then...” Rey begins awkwardly, but he’s already moving past her, following after Leslie. “Matt.” She calls and he stops dead in his tracks, turning his head to stare at her. Rey suddenly feels the urge to toss herself out into the void of space rather than be stuck in the same hallway as him. There is curiosity in his gaze and she swallows thickly, eyes shifting restlessly from him to the panel. “What is it that you were working on?” “The calibrator.” He answers slowly, continuing to stare at her oddly. “Really?” Before she can stop herself, her puff of exasperation is heard between the two. His eyes on her narrow and she blinks, knowing she could have conducted herself more accordingly than that. “What is that supposed to mean?” He barks at her and she blinks rapidly at him. “You’re trying to rewire it?” She asks cautiously, moving to kneel besides the panel. Her eyes flick up to him, watching as he frowns, unsure about her intent. “Yes.” He answers hesitantly, moving towards her and lowering himself to his knees a foot away from her. “What are you doing?” He asks her and she takes the tool still in his grasp. ‘Teaching you how to remove it, so you don’t die next time you try this.” She speaks firmly and hears him snort with derision, otherwise keeping himself quiet. She moves towards the top, her eyes casting about for the switches that will turn all the electricity off. It’s barely a moment after that she’s shifting herself into the panel, “As you can see, the switches are at the top. The main switch I just flipped turns all the electricity off in the panel.” She feels him come closer and to distract herself from the expanding mass of heat at her back, she begins to talk. “ You’re the new recruit that was supposed to come today, right?” She asked him, her eyes moving to glance behind her at his expressionless face. He looks a little put out by her question, but he answers by nodding his head. “I arrived this morning.” He muttered and she raised an eyebrow curiously at him. “Oh. That's nice.” She says dismissively, turning her head back to her work. “First, you want to take the bolts off the cover to be able to reach the wires themselves.” She shifts a little more so he can watch. By now, he’s hovering over her shoulder and she can feel his breath tickling the back of her neck. She wants to toy with the necklace hidden under her suit; it was given to her by Luke to ensure that Kylo or Snoke wouldn’t be able to feel her presence or her force energy on the base. It’s comforting to her to know he can’t sense her here, sitting besides him. Finally done removing the bolts, she moves them behind her and asks him to hold it. He opens his palm to her and she allows the bolts to slip through. Moving her arm towards her tool belt, she withdraws her pliers and sets to work on removing the plastic that’s concealing the wires. “You have to remove the covering to the wires before you are able to take them out and replace them.” She’s quickly going through the motions, shucking the plastic in front of her and looking at the rusted cables in front of her. “Could you hand me the wire, please?” She asks him and watches him shift towards his tool box and grab a random roll of wire. Wrong kind , she thinks, somewhat annoyed by his lack of experience. “Um, the copper one, please.” She elaborates. He sighs loudly and it’s all Rey can do to not hit his head with the pliers she’s still grasping. “I know how you feel.” She says instead, eyes flickering up to watch him as he tries to differentiate between what metal to choose. “I had trouble when I first began working here as well. No one was willing to help me. I had trouble finding where to go, who to go to, and performing certain tasks. I’d only gotten out of school when I was signed up to work here.” She tries to coax him from the anger she can feel beginning to boil to the surface. "Oh." Kylo blinks at her and raises his brow, stopping his movements to stare at her curiously. "How old are you?" He asks her and Rey ducks her head, fiddling with the tool in her hand. She doesn't want to answer him, partially because it feels wrong to be so civil with him and mostly because she's not even sure of her age. "I think I'm twenty." She responds and glances up towards him, eyebrows raised. "What about you?" She asks curiously and watches as Kylo blanches. "I'm- I'm nearing thirty." He speaks. It's almost a blow, Rey muses, staring at one of the most fearful men in the galaxy who hasn't even existed for more than three decades. His hands have started fiddling with the trinkets and coils all along the nearest compartment. His hand dusts over the wire she needs and she perks up, pointing at his hand. “That’s it.” She says when his hand hovers over the copper wire once more. He moves it towards her and she grasps it, unrolling the coil and beginning to remove the old wires to replace them with the new ones. Conversation over, Rey is able to focus once more on the task at hand. As she works, she tells him how to remove the wires and the exact measurement needed for the new wires when they’re being put in. His anger is less, but she is still able to hear him huffing every minute or so. As she takes one more glance, she marvels over the fact that her enemy is sitting right besides her, listening civilly as she teaches him how to rewire a calibrator. It’s strange to think that this could have been reversed; Kylo sitting besides her, coaching her on how to control her hold on the force. Clicking her tongue, she finishes cutting the wires and replacing them with the old ones. She holds her hand out and feels cool metal slip into her extended palm. “There you go.” She mumbles as a sign of encouragement and laughs as he snorts at her positive comment, although it fails at sounding displeased. Smirking all the while, she screws the bolts back into place and with a final click, she withdraws and flicks the switches back on, listening as the sound of humming returns to the air. She scoots back and pulls the panel back into place, holding it against the wall, moving her gaze to stare at the man behind her. “Mind putting the screws back into place?” She asks and waits a moment as he awkwardly grabs the screw and the screwdriver, shifting under one of her arms to begin putting them back inside their holes. “You’re actually pretty good at this.” She speaks and is surprised by how genuine she sounds. It’s at this point, bent and awkwardly huddled under her, that Rey hears Ren laugh for the first time. It’s not unpleasant, but as she watches his fingers delicately place the screws in and twist, a flashback of the same fingers extended towards her, invading her mind, overwhelms her. Her civility changes drastically, but she doesn’t move away from him, awaiting the moment he finishes with the panel. He moves back underneath her arm and sits on his knees, gazing at the panel with a critical eye before turning towards her. Whatever warmth his eyes held quickly evaporates as he catches notice of her stern expression. There’s a moment of calculation - her eyeing him harshly as he stares back, completely baffled. “What’s wrong?” He asks her and she stands, silent and brooding. Bending down, she snatches her screwdriver from his grasp and proceeds to turn on her heel, calling behind her for him to follow. “Hurry up, Matt.” She says and hears him scrambling with the tools and the box. A thought hits her and she turns back swiftly, reaching up a hand to stop him from standing with the box. She forgot to teach him how to activate the locking mechanism in the tool box. “Matt, wai-” The rest of her sentence is lost in the sounds of metal on metal as tools seamlessly fall from the now opened kit. The pair are frozen, Rey watching as a bright pink creeps up Ren’s cheeks and spreads across his face, moving towards his ears. The sound of filtered laughter is behind them, echoing loudly as the stormtroopers guffaw and snort at the tall, gangly, awkward mistake of a technician. His eyes are cast down and his fists are clenched. Rey's not sure if she's angry anymore as she continues to stare at him for a second more, contemplating on whether or not she should help him. However, as he reaches up towards his face, removing his glasses and begins to rub at his eyes, sniffling, she sighs and glances down once more. He's kriffing crying , she thinks and bites her lip, the image in black falling away from her mind. Now, she just sees a man trying his best and not receiving support for something he signed up to do. She hates herself in this moment as she makes her way towards him, her steps light and cautious as he bends to pick up the tools, his blonde bangs falling into his eyes as he scrambles to pick up the tools and leave the cursed hallway. Crouching down, she begins to pick up the tools, her eyes moving up to catch the gaze across from her. She allows her eyes to drop from his intense stare, tinted pink by his brief tears of frustration. Breathing deeply, gaze locked on her moving hands, she begins. “Listen. I just want to say I’m sorry for walking off like that right now. I should have stated and showed you how to activate the locking mechanism on the tool box. I wasn't thinking.” She glances up at his still flustered face and offers him a shy smile. “I have a bit of a temper sometimes, but if you could look past that, I think you’ll see that I could be a great teacher.” She wants to scream internally after saying that, but the hesitant smile working across his face is enough to quell all her fears. "Why did you get angry?" He mutters, reaching past her to grab a coil and begin to re-wrap it. Rey blanks, but doesn't stop using her hands. "I was annoyed that your supervisor didn't bother to teach you the basics." She speaks softly and continues cleaning, their hands moving around the other's as they deposit tools and move around to reach for others. "You shouldn't have to feel upset because you are new on the job. You just need to learn the ropes." She concludes and gives him a brief, thoughtful glance. Her eyes travel over the scruffy wig, his broad shoulders, his lean frame. "I could teach you, if you like?" She bothers to ask, somewhat involuntarily as it just falls from her lips, glancing around for any more tools. She glances up once more and manages to catch his gaze, watching as a small smile appears on his features. He doesn't look terrifying now; there's a soft glow that seems to emanate from him now, a fuzzy content that envelops her through the Force. He doesn't seem to know he's projecting at her or he doesn't care to conceal it from her, expecting her not to feel it. She does, however, dropping her gaze towards a thin screw a inch from her knee. She grabs it and places it in the box, pressing the button to activate the locking mechanism. “I would love that, Avairen.” He says quietly and Rey can’t help but to furrow her brows. She hates the formality behind it, but she can't help but to admire the way he says it, even if it isn't her real name. Moving her hands to her hips, she speaks to his back as he reaches for the tool box. “Just call me Ava. It’s too formal calling me by my full name.” She scoffs and watches as he takes a moment to process the information, “Alright, Ava.” He speaks and this time, he smiles fully at her. Rey’s unsure about the tightness in her chest or the flutter in her stomach, but she is sure that it is not a good thing to feel for an enemy. Notes: This chapter is merely an opening to a whole world of angst and fluff that I hope some people will be able to like. Anyways, I hope you enjoyed. XOXO, RadicalThinker Chapter 2 : Avoided Answers DAY 2 To say that yesterday had been odd would have been an understatement, Rey decided as she stared at her new partner from across the table. The day before had been the day Kylo had been thrust upon her and left her reeling in the aftershocks of discovering her nemesis was allowed to masquerade around in an ugly blonde wig and too-large glasses without anyone commenting on it. Her eyes roamed over his face from were she sat, taking in his dark brows to his artisan nose to his full lips. It was merely an examination of his features, but as she glanced down at her empty breakfast bowl, she couldn't help but feel her stomach clench in disgust over her actions. Perhaps it was the scar that made it all the more painful to look upon. Her mind jumped once more to the day before and how she had quickly realized just how self-absorbed Kylo was with himself. His discussion of how 'ripped' Kylo Ren had sent her into peals of laughter and she had watched with amusement as he ground out just how superb Ren's pecks were. It was all just ridiculous mantra that fell from his lips and to his chagrin, it seems 'Matt' was the only one who could appreciate the Force user in all black. It wasn’t as though people kept any pretense of respecting their ‘glorious leader’; the first day she had been in the cafeteria she had noticed the ‘Krylo’ Ren poster and had laughed herself into tears. However, she could tell that the poster brought out rage in Ren. From her spot across the table, she could see his fingers clenched tightly around his spoon, eyeing the paper on the wall with unparalleled hatred. “Are you okay, Matt?” She asked incredulously, worrying her bottom lip between her teeth as she watched him shrug and turn back to his, now cold, oatmeal. “I’m fine.” He managed to grumble out before placing his spoon down and glancing up at her. His brow was furrowed and he looked pained to be in the room, his eyes sweeping over the assembled crowd of maintenance workers with distrust. She knew that expression well; she had mirrored it on her first day here, shaking and scared that he would appear and drag her out of the room screaming. "I'm just-" He starts and pauses, trying to focus on his emotions and turning them into words. Rey glances up from staring at her own bowl to listen, her fingers coming up to move her dyed hair behind her ears. The teal she had been assigned was meant to stand out enough that people would know her if they needed a favor, but not enough as to where she would be noticed missing until several hours after her departure when her mission would be over. There were enough people who had cultures that had them keep their hair in certain styles and colors. She had simply brushed the question of her hair aside when she mentioned it was a part of a religion she followed. The Force itself only knew how many millions of religions there were within the galaxy. Coming back to the present, she watched as Kylo sat straight, his features brightening when he found the words to say. "The Kylo Ren situation is upsetting to me." He admitted and glanced down. He was aware that 'Ava' didn't regard Kylo in the highest light, but from what she could tell, he seemed to want to have some validation from his coworker. “Why is it upsetting?” She questioned, playing her part, eyeing his flushing cheeks with interest. She's come to realize just how easily anger came to him; no matter the situation, she always manages to feel the same harsh bitterness escape from him and corrupt their bond. It wasn't pleasant and it gave her nothing but pain, yet there was nothing she could do. She had never tried to reach out to him within their bond and he had tried to seek her out mentally once to no avail. There had always been a stalemate between the two, even during their first meeting when he had chosen to kidnap her instead of just ending her. That would have been the end of their story. At least she wouldn't have had to sit on an enemy ship as he grumbled over how disrespected he felt by the employees who worked under him and how annoyed he was by their stupid, kriffing posters. “The total disrespect. Ren worked hard to be where he is today. And that-” He growled and pointed towards the poster, where an officer had just entered and was taping another piece of paper to the wall, “is an undermining of everything he strives for while working in the First Order.” He hissed out, his fingers moving up to scrub at his cheeks in annoyance. He removed his glasses and sighed, fiddling with the lenses as he muttered to himself in angry tones. Rey rose her brow and bit at her thumb nail, knowing that she shouldn't goad him. She couldn't help but to smirk behind her hand as she began to speak. “It’s just a way for the technicians to vent their frustrations, Matt.” She conceded. He looked towards her with furrowed brows and tilted his head, awaiting for her to continue. She was about to speak when she glanced at his untouched food. “Are you done?” She asked, changing the subject quickly. His look of confusion was enough for her to know that he didn’t know what she meant. “Your food.” She clarified. He nodded wordlessly and slid his food over to her side, where she began to eat greedily. “Vent their frustrations about what?” He questioned and Rey rolled her eyes, snorting loud enough for several other technicians to hear and stare in their direction. “Are you kidding?” She couldn’t contain the laugh that bubbled up from her chest, setting her spoon down as she chortled over his question. The nagging voice in the back of her head told her to keep herself contained, but she couldn't help herself. The true terror and agony she had underwent under his hand was enough to let her tongue loose on him. “Between the thousands of dollars in damages, the extra hours spent by the technicians repairing those damages, and the ceaseless amount of murders of friends and colleagues, Kylo Ren is lucky enough not to be mobbed by the whole ship.” The room had gone deathly silent. There was not a word spoken as people all gaped at her, having stopped their discussion to listen to her completely disintegrate their Superior. Rey felt her heart stutter in her chest. Kriff , she thought as she slowly and hesitantly moved her gaze up to meet Kylo's. He looked absolutely murderous . Tension rose in waves off his shoulders and she was nearly keeling over with how much he was transmitting over their bond. His rage was so potent that she could have gagged on it if she hadn't had the crystal dangling from a chain around her neck. Those around him in the nearby tables were now staring at him and shifting away, completely aware of the unusual amount of respect 'Matt' had for their leader. She watched as he leaned slowly forward, his glare focused entirely on her. His arms were braced out on the table, way too close to her, the digits on his hands spread far enough that he could easily lean forward and stop inches from her face. Intimidation truly does suit him , Rey thought as she gaped at his display. His lips parted and he simply breathed harshly against her cheek for a moment before speaking. “That is mutiny .” He growled out. Whispers had started among the crowd and Rey gulped, looking away from his gaze to glance down at her hands resting in her lap. She breathed deeply before summoning the nerve to meet his piercing glare with her own. “What I speak is what I hear from those around me. I am not the one who thought of these ideas, but yet I can’t help but to agree that they are the truth.” Their heated stare-off continued on for only a few more moments before he stood tall, his chair flying behind him to hit the table behind his with a resounding 'smack' that echoed across the hall. It was with one last glare that he turned on his heel and left the room, hundreds of pairs of eyes on his retreating back. It was only a moment after she heard the mechanical locking mechanism come into place that she collapsed forward, her baited breath leaving her as she trembled slightly. If it had broken out into a fight, she would have had no choice but to engage him in combat. It had been too reckless to engage him with so many civilians nearby, she concluded and shook her head atop the cool surface, trying to stop her erratic heartbeat from echoing in her ears. She took her time to sit up, leaning forward into the palm of her heads. It was within that moment that she heard someone whisper to her behind her back. “ Psstt . Ava!” Rey took a moment to glance up and sighed, spotting her female roommate motion towards her enthusiastically from across the room. The rest of the workers in the mess hall had resumed their conversations, yet were unable to tear the gaze away from the lean, teal-haired girl. As she made her way across the mess hall, she kept her gaze down until she stood above the woman sitting before her. "Hello, Laursha." Rey spoke and inclined her head towards her. Laursha smiled teasingly up at her newly-acquired friend, her dimples prominent in her chestnut-colored cheeks. "You look ill." Laursha teased and Rey shook her head, falling clumsily into the open seat at the woman's side. "I've never been more scared on a person in glasses before in my life." Rey admitted and was humbled over the laughter she received as it moved around the full table. "He looked so pissed." A man with a round face chortled and Rey shrugged, rubbing the back of her neck with timid awareness that there would be consequences for her actions today. "Yeah, who is he, anyway?" Laursha turned back towards Rey. She shrugged once more and leaned forward, letting her chin rest on her opened palm. “His name is Matt. He just got mad over the Kylo Ren poster.” Rey pointed towards the wall that held the offending item and watched as Laursha snorted with mirth before dissolving into giggles, the rest of the table following suit. “It’s only a bit of fun...” Laursha spoke, shrugging off his complaints as though it didn’t matter. Rey couldn't help but to smile behind her hand; she knew that Ren was sensitive, but that didn’t stop the fact that it gave her pleasure to watch him force himself to not destroy everything in sight. Their interactions had been anything but civil, so why couldn’t she just enjoy his annoyance a little bit? She knew it wasn’t in a Jedi’s way of life to act petty towards her enemies, but for a scavenger, watching someone who had done her wrong be inconvenienced was fulfilling enough for her. “He seems strange.” She hears one of the men muse. ”He’s my partner now.” Rey laments and Laursha automatically pulls her into a hug, sympathetically rubbing her back in smooth, deliberate circles. “That’s so unfortunate.” The feeling of someone’s arms around her is foreign enough that Rey can’t help but to freeze. “Ah, sorry. I forgot how much you hate when people hug you.” Laursha moves back and offers an apologetic smile before opening her mouth to speak once more. It is then that the intercom comes to life. “Attention- all personnel within section A218 to F198, please report to corridor 194 for repairs to the comm center room. Attention…” Rey couldn’t help the groan of despair that left her lips as she heard that her group had to attend to the repairs. She glanced to the side to see one of the men stand and head towards the exit. The sounds of hundreds of chairs moving is enough to send Rey groaning and leaning her forehead into Laursha's shoulder in despair. "This is torture." Rey groans and feels the rumble of her friend's chest as she giggles once more. It reminds her of Finn, she realizes and leans back, staring at the woman in a new light as she finishes laughing and meets her gaze, her stare warmly interlaced with humor and affection. "This is what we're here for." She shrugs at her companion and moves to stand, touching Rey's shoulder with an affectionate pat as she moves past her. “Good luck finding your partner, Ava.” Laursha murmurs sympathetically as she heads towards the exit with a cheerful bounce to her step. It takes Rey several moments to find enough energy to stand and follow her companion at the door, the crowd thinning out enough so she can slip to the side and await her partner. Her gaze lazily searches the crowd for his blonde mass of hair before she sighs and leans back against the wall, eyes sliding shut as she tries to focus on the area around her. Even though her ability to use the Force has been cut off due to the crystal, that doesn't mean she isn't able to sense those with the Force around her. He's several minutes away, his stride even and his gait heavy. He was power-walking his way past the crowd, gaze averted from the people he passed as they whispered to their friends about the unusual radar technician who 'worshipped' Kylo Ren. Coming back to herself, she blanches and simply waits for his arrival. She's slipped into a meditative state by the time she hears him footsteps hammering down the walkway. Slowly, she blinks her eyes open, only to jump when she realizes he is several feet away. He offers her a humorless smirk and she sighs, turning her gaze away from his heated glare. "I'm sorry." She manages to get out before she can overthink things. He looks so taken aback that she has to avert her eyes from his scalding gaze to keep herself from giggling. "You, uh..." He seems he hadn't planned for that turn in conversation. "It's fine." He grumbles out and shakes his head, his hazel eyes roaming over her features for a touch too long. "Let's just go fix the comm center, alright?" He turns on his heel and is gone before she can blink, his less angry strides echoing down the hall. She takes a moment to stand and adjust her uniform sleeves stiffly, breathing evenly to calm her mind before she sets off after him. She catches up to his long strides in a few moments, her eyes looking upon his profile a moment before she adjusts her spine. The pair continue their walk in silence for a few long moments. Ren is too much caught up in his own head to speak. Rey takes the plunge, instead. “What’s your deal with him, anyway?” Rey asks and watches Kylo jump and turn to her, expression open and unguarded. He looks completely befuddled over her sudden question and lamely gaps at her for a few moments. "What?” He asks, eyes flashing with something with interest as she moves to repeat herself, her gaze focused on his shoulder instead of his piercing gaze. “Why do you like Kylo Ren so much anyway?” She asks him once more. Matt’s eyes move to her face, scrutinizing her expression, questioning her. She manages to keep her face neutral enough to hide whatever it is he is searching for. It takes Kylo another moment to speak. “He’s cool.” Kylo finally relents and shrugs. It is with those words that he turns and speed walks down the hall, leaving Rey wanting to slam her head against one of the metal doors for believing he'd be articulate enough to answer her truthfully and not give himself away. Rey can't help but to sigh before she begins follows behind, wary and annoyed at the broad-shouldered, shy Force wielder ahead of her.