Chapter One Two Years Ago "The general would like a word with you." Lorelai shut her eyes and leaned her head back. A heavy sigh escaped her lips. "Tell her I will be in her office in a hour. I'd at least like mentally prepare myself for being called a 'mess up'." As she attempted to walk past Lieutenant Connix, the kiss-ass gently pushed her back. "She would like to speak with you right now ." "Don't you dare push me!" Lorelai snapped pointing a finger in Connix's face. "Don't you fucking dare." Connix stayed put, not bothering to or too intimidated to speak back. Lorelai pushed past her, cursing under her breath. As she made her way towards Organa's headquarters, other Resistance members took notice and whispered among each other. Lorelai rolled her eyes and kept moving along. By this point it had become a part of a new daily routine that started only a week ago. In the midst of her walking and the million thoughts racing through her head, she found herself suddenly distracted when her eyes stumbled upon him . Her pacing slowed down immediately and she watched as Poe Dameron and another pilot entered the hallway. Just the sight of him laughing and that dastardly but heart-stopping smile sweeping across his lips was enough to make her want to bang her head against the wall. He was perfect in every way possible - intelligent, a damn good pilot, charming, likable, and looks that made him the total package. While that was enough to get her going, it was the way he treated her when they were alone that melted her icy interior and drew her to him. But she couldn't take him right now. His eyes quickly met hers and his smile faded a little. Between the day she was having and the way he was looking at her, it was enough to bring her to tears. Goddamit , she thought to herself. Poe excused himself before making his way toward her. Lorelai stopped walking completely, her eyes locked with his. She turned around to face him. They stood there silently for a second, the pieces of last night coming back together again in the most awkward and daunting fashion. He shoved his hands in his jumpsuit pocket. "Hey," he said with a slight sigh. "Hi," she murmured. Another silence fell leading them into a game of who would talk first. While it was clear to both of them that the turn rightfully belonged to him, she figured he couldn't do it in public. "Are...are you okay?" His voice was hesitant but nevertheless filled with concern. Lorelai pursed her lips. "I think you already know the answer to that." Poe shook his head. "That's not what I was referring to. I just heard about what happened during practice. They said your wing nearly fell off." It took everything in Lorelai not to want to punch every pilot (including him) in the face. Her eyes darted away him from his as she mentally coaxed herself into not crying in front of him. While that didn't go very well the night before it seemed to be doing wonders at the moment. She could handle the other pilots mocking her or belittling her for it with their snarky,"better-than-you" voices. They meant nothing. It was the notion of knowing that Poe knew she fucked up once again that crushed her. He was the Resistance's top pilot and the go-to man. He was looked up to and adored by everyone on board. The last thing she needed was to hear him pity her. Much to her own surprise, Poe took a step in front of her and attempted to place his hand on her shoulder. "Lorelai, look at me." Lorelai stepped back before his finger tip could touch her skin. Her eyes landed right back on to his. "I have to go." She turned away when he sped up in front of her again. This time his hands managed to reach her shoulders. His eyes were glued to hers. "You can talk to me. You know that, right?" A tear strolled down her cheek as she shook her head. "I used to believe that," she growled with a soft tremble. She sniffled and shook him off of her. " Let me go before people see you giving a shit about me." As she moved away toward him, she wiped whatever tears she had left with her fingers. It was one thing to let Poe see her cry but to let General Organa see her cry was out of the question. By the time she reached the general's office, Lorelai's tears were nonexistent and her head was held high. She walked in and General Organa stood up from her chair. General Organa greeted the young pilot with a sympathetic smile. She motioned to the chair and Lorelai took a seat. "It's funny," General Organa began as she took a seat. "I was thinking about this little girl I used to know who would give her parents consistent heart attacks with her bold antics. I remember this one time, she wandered off into her father's X-Wing and stayed there for hours pretending that she could fly. Somehow, she had managed to start the plane. No one knows how, not even her. All I know is my son, Ben, running to me in hysterics and telling me some girl was about to fly off with an X-Wing. I rushed over with her parents and the first thing that caught my attention was that she didn't care that she started the engine - she just went with it as if it was no big deal. It took everything in me not to laugh about it front of her parents. Her dad rushed over and because the plane wasn't moving, he was able to get in and turn it off. He brought her down and when he asked her what she was thinking doing such a thing, she shrugged and said, 'I was practicing.' I turned to that girl's mother and I said, 'Remind me to hire her when she's old enough.'" Lorelai chuckled despite not being in the mood to smile. "I was grounded for a week," she said with a nod. "Dad never let me live that down." General Organa nodded. "You're born pilot, Lorelai," she went on. "You do a damn good job and despite whatever you may think, people do think you're more than qualified to be here. At least I do. But when you're distracted or consumed in other matters, you tend to be a careless flyer. Lately you've been careless on and off ground about your job or everyone around you and to be honest, I'm starting wonder whether or not you can handle the job I've waited to give you for many years." At any other time, Lorelai would have fought tooth and nail to assure she was good enough. She knew that being the daughter of a pilot and having close relationship with General Organa came with a fair amount of pressure that would require having to prove herself worthy every single day. Normally it wasn't even an issue - but now she found herself with no motivation to save her from losing her job. She was too numb to care even a little bit. "I know this is the part where I'm supposed to assure you that I can handle it, but right now I can't bring myself to say it," Lorelai admitted. She stood up from her chair and looked General Organa in the eyes. "I appreciate all that you have done for me and for allowing me this opportunity and I apologize for letting you down." Before she could walk away, General Organa spoke up. "I didn't say I was firing you." Lorelai turned around and watched General Organa make her way towards her. "I discussed your behavior with Poe Dameron earlier and he agreed that firing you would be a huge mistake, but he thought that it would be the best to put you on a suspension until we feel you are ready to work again." For the first time a couple weeks, Lorelai was able to feel something. Hearing Poe making a decision about how to handle her behavior was a huge slap in her face. I could kill him right now , she thought to herself. "And you agree to this?" Lorelai asked slowly. General Organa nodded her head. Lorelai pursed her lips tightly and shut her eyes. "It's only temporary," General Organa assured. "What will I be doing in the mean time?" Lorelai asked with a shrug. "What will I be doing until Poe decides he's ready to work with me? Waiting around? Does he expect me to wait around for him again only for him to tell me it's nothing personal against me but that he doesn't feel like he can be with me in a work environment too?" In that moment she realized she'd slipped the very piece of information she swore to Poe she wouldn't tell General Organa. Surprisingly, General Organa didn't seem too phased. "I didn't think you would be the one to admit there was something going on," she remarked. Lorelai scoffed. "Yeah, well Poe's too ashamed to admit that he spent time with me." She turned to the door and looked over her shoulder. "I'm sorry I let you down, General," she apologized dryly. With that, she slammed the door. Lying on her bed, Lorelai toyed with the necklace that her father had given her as present for being selected to fly for the Resistance. He'd had his lucky coin, the one he carried with him on all his missions, turned into a necklace for his daughter to wear during her missions. The wears and tears on it brought her to tears - out of everyone she'd let down, letting him down hurt the most. She buried her face in her pillow and sobbed. How could she have let herself sink this low? At one point did she let her affections for someone dictate her job and her entire being? And after all that had happened, how could she still be in love with Poe? A familiar beeping noise from out of nowhere caught her off guard. She looked down to find BB-8 beside her bed. "How did you get in here?" she sniffled. BB-8 beeped back in a matter-of-fact tone. You told me your code incase I ever needed to reach you, remember? "Forgot about that. Sorry, bud." How come I haven't seen you lately? If her heart was already broken enough, BB-8's question had taken another piece of Lorelai's heart. She loved the droid like it was her own and although he belonged to Poe, she was present the day BB-8 came to life. He was her buddy just as much as he was Poe's. Poe would often joke that they were BB-8's parents because of the way the droid doted on both of them. She swallowed hard. "I've been super busy, BB." Each word of her lie tasted like vinegar. Poe says you're not doing too well. "Oh he has now?" That's all he ever says. That and 'Lorelai has a lot going on'. "Well he's not entirely wrong." Are you two still mad at each other? Lorelai sat up . She'd swore Poe and her had it out without BB-8 present. He told the droid that he would be right back and to stay put. Poe wouldn't share such a thing with him knowing how much BB-8 loved her. How the hell did BB-8 know? "What do you mean?" she asked feigning innocence. Before the droid could answer, Poe entered the room with rage-filled eyes. He glared at Lorelai in a way she'd never seen before. Without even looking at his droid, Poe ordered in the calmest tone he could manage," BB-8, go outside." No! I want to stay! "Go. Now." The droid whimpered and rolled away. Poe closed the door behind him and Lorelai stood up. "You told the general about us?!" Poe exclaimed. Lorelai sighed and rubbed her temples. "It was an accident," she said clenching her teeth. "You always say that but I'm not entirely sure that's all true." He stepped closer to her. "I'm sorry I couldn't give you what you wanted but you please don't make it your mission to bring me down." He'd now crossed a line. Lorelai's jaw dropped as all the fury she'd tried to hold in burst out. "Bring you down?" Lorelai asked pointing a finger at him. " Sometimes you don't realize how conceited you get. You may be a good at your job but that doesn't mean the entire fucking universe revolves around you, you selfish prick!" She went to turn from him when he grabbed her forearm. Without any hesitation she pushed him back and cried,"Get out of my room!" "I'm not done with you!" Poe fought back stepping close. "I think the punishment you received was fair and that you need to suck it up." Lorelai scoffed and jabbed her finger at his chest. "You fuck with me for two whole years, take everything I've ever given you, and when you decide I'm not good enough for you, you push me out like some goddamn animal! Then you start pretending to give a shit, acting like you have a say in what I do in my life and punish me for my behavior WHICH IS A RESULT OF YOU BEING A SHITTY PERSON!" "Oh boo fucking hoo, Lorelai!" Poe spat. "Stop whining about how you got screwed over!" "I TOLD YOU I LOVED YOU AND YOU THREW ME OUT!" The room fell deathly silent. Lorelai's eyes were bright red and watery. Poe swallowed hard the sight of her trembling like a scared child. He knew damn well she was right and that gave her the upper hand. Lorelai furrowed her eyebrows, collecting herself as best as she could. "The worst part," she began with a slight tremble in her voice,"was that you knew how I had felt all the years. You knew I had never felt that way about anyone. You knew that you were my weakness...and you took advantage of it. All I had to was say it and it was over for you." She buried her face in her hands and sobbed. There was a time she swore she'd never let him see her this way, but in that moment, even he knew he deserved it. Her legs gave out and she fell down to her knees. Poe stood still, watching her icy exterior shatter all over. It was one thing for him to be aware of the mess he made, but it was another to actually witness it with his own eyes. "I made it clear for the beginning," he told her in a gentle voice. He knelt down in front of her. "I told you I-." "Don't." Her voice cut him like a knife. "Get out." He got up and made his way to the door. Before he could let himself out, he looked over his shoulder at her. His heart broke a little to see her watching him go. "I never meant to hurt you," he murmured. Her green eyes darkened in a way he'd never seen before. "I hate you," she said, her voice seething. That was his cue to go. A couple hours and some dried tears later, Lorelai made up her mind. She grabbed her knapsack and filled it with the essentials she needed - her laser gun, some clothes, and some personal items. She closed the knapsack and headed out the door. She had been clever enough to choose the time when she knew hardly anyone would be around. Nevertheless, she made herself aware of her surroundings each step she took. Security on the ship was tight, but she was smart enough to get away without being seen. She reached the docking area for the X-Wings and got into hers. Her fingers moved a mile a second as if she was being chased. Once the engine was up and running, she flew her way out. She never looked back. Chapter 2 : Chapter Two Notes: This chapter is dedicated to two people. One, to our beloved Carrie Fisher. There aren't enough words to describe how magnificent of a person she was. She was a princess, John Belushi's revenge-seeking fiancé, Sally's best friend, and an advocate for mental health. She was witty, charming, funny as hell, and brilliant. Just a fucking brilliant person. She will be deeply missed. The other person is a dear friend of mine, Mike, who passed away back in August. Mike was the biggest Star Wars fan I'd ever met. He has seen every single movie and had gone to every single showing. He had met Mark and Carrie too. On top of that, he was one of the kindest souls I'd ever had the pleasure of knowing. He made everyone feel special and loved. I miss him everyday. May the force be with both you <3 (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Present Day "Han! It's your turn to feed the brats!" There was no response. No sound of old man grumbling or a roar of laughter from Chewbacca. Lorelai furrowed her eyebrows and kept walking ahead. She poked her head into the cockpit where Han normally was, only to find it was empty. Suddenly, the distant murmurs of a machine going off cut into the silence. Shaken, she stomped out of the cockpit and down the hall to the holding area where the ships they stole for parts were kept. Lorelai leaned on the door entry and watched Han test the engine of some ship they snatched from an abandoned lot on some planet she barely knew the name of. Within a matter of seconds, Han took off the helmet and his stern eyes met hers. "What?" he shrugged. "It's your turn," she said. Han rolled his eyes. "Can't you do it?" Lorelai cocked her head back and stomped toward him. Chewie mumbled and Lorelai whipped her head toward him. "Stay out of this one, Chewie," she warned him. Her eyed moved back to Han. "I've done triple duty for those damn things since we took them in. That was three weeks ago. You've only fed them once since then." "They like you better," Han argued. He jumped out of the small ship and walked past her. Lorelai grumbled under her breath as she sped up her pace to catch up with him. "Admit it, Han - you're scared shitless of them," she pointed out. Without bothering to looking at her, he snapped back,"I'm not afraid. I just prefer to keep my distance from them." She scoffed. "I find it intriguing how the scoundrel, who at one point was frozen to death by Darth Vader, is afraid of feeding some rathtars. Really blows my mind." Han cut her off, taking a step in front of her. His facial expression was enough to let her know he wasn't playing around. "I'm doing you a favor, kid," he said pointing a finger at her. "Two years ago you flew here wanting to escape the Resistance and I let you stay here. I could've brought you back but I didn't. I gave you a job and a place to stay. Feeding those damn things is part of your job and if you have a problem with that, know that I will not hesitate to bring you back." Lorelai folded her arms across her chest, unfazed by Han's "threat". It wasn't the first time he'd done this. "You know who you're going to have to deal with when you bring me back, right?" she questioned in a sing-song tone. Han glared at her and got up from his chair. He went over to the corner and picked up the bucket filled with some unidentified material or goop for the rathtars. He pushed it at her. "Do your job," he grumbled. She rolled her eyes and turned around to walk away. From behind her, Chewie laughed. She stopped dead in her tracks and turned to the wookie, pointing a finger at him. "Watch it, fuzzy." Chewie grumbled and walked away. Lorelai watched him and shook her head before leaving. She entered the rathtar area, completely unphased by their constant knocking in their metal cage. She opened the food dropbox and poured the contents of the bucket into it. Her nose scrunched at the pungent smell. She closed the dropbox and placed the bucket beside it. Making her way out, she stopped to lean her back on the wall and closed her eyes. She could feel her body slide down against the wall and land on her butt. She buried her face in her knees and, in her mind, drifted into the past. Once upon a time she was an up-and-coming pilot extraordinaire, determined to follow the path of her father. What separated her from Poe was that Poe was more of a leader, cautious and careful in the X-Wing. His every move precise and by the book. She, on the other hand, flew freely. She soared through any obstacle and still managed to hit every target in her path. She was no one's leader and she scoffed at the idea of being someone's follower. The only person she took orders from was Leia. Beyond that, she was independent, a loner. Leia and Lorelai's parents joked that she was the female Han Solo. Han, while never publicly admitting it, agreed as well. Lorelai had it all until he got the best of her. The very moment Lorelai and Poe met, Lorelai as smitten. In addition to being charming, easygoing, and witty, Poe shared the same qualities and the goals she had. She instilled her trust in him and his in her. He wasn't a fan of her "making the own rules" style, but he would argue against anyone who dared to say she had no idea what she was doing. He had her back and she had his. Everything was fine until she realized she was completely and utterly in love with him. She realized it one night when they stayed after-hours, cleaning their X-Wings. She thought she was doing a good job of hiding it until one night, after one too many drinks, Poe told her he knew how she felt and he kissed her and kissing led to them spending the night. The next morning, Poe requested that they keep it a secret and for two years, they fooled around. It was never official; nothing more than a fling that lasted for two years. She didn't mind it, enjoying the intimacy whenever it came about or whenever it was convenient for him. Then one night it her, she was in love with him that her world started to revolve around him and that's when it hit her the most. It was the same night, Poe told her he couldn't do it anymore and refused to acknowledge her unless they were working. He'd walked in and walked out without giving her a reason, but leaving her to feel helpless and angry and belittled. She hated herself for losing track of what mattered the most, of losing sight of her ambitions because she couldn't keep her damn feelings to herself. She was thankful for Han taking her in quietly, but the tasks he assigned her were far below mediocre. She had skills he refused to let her use. Nevertheless, she was away from her mistakes and away from being labeled as a "tragic hero". At night, she thought of Poe and she would often find him in her dreams, but she ignored them. To her, they were constant reminders of her biggest mistake. Eventually she drifted into a deep slumber. The sound of a vibrating roar startled her. She jumped and found Chewie standing over her, his large gun in his hand. Lorelai made a face. "I'm afraid to ask," she told him gesturing to the gun. Chewie roared. Han found the Millennium Falcon. He beamed it into the ship. He wants you to come check it out with us. Lorelai shot up from the ground, eyes wide open. The last time she saw Han's Millennium Falcon, she was seven and refused to get out of it, begging Han to fly it. "Say no more," Lorelai said. "Let's go." She followed Chewie down the hall, quickly stopping to grab a gun just incase. The pace of heartbeat quickened widely with excitement. When Chewie pressed the button to open the corridor where it was, Lorelai ran in front of him and stopped to take the sight of the ship in front of her. Even in it's slightly aged glory, it was, in Lorelai's eyes, magnificent and breathtaking. She took it in before charging inside. She looked around, eyes lit up. Everything seemed to be working just fine despite the interior's musty smell. She could remember running up and down the halls as a little kid, making her parents nervous. In the distance, she heard Han's voice. "Chewie! Get here now with Lorelai! We've got a couple stowaways!" Lorelai followed Chewie to where Han was. Han stood there, gun in hand, pointed at two strangers - a boy and a girl. They were no more than a few years younger than her. She held up her gun, the terror in their eyes growing. Then the terror in the boy's eyes vanished when he studied her. "I know her," he stated pointing at her. Han knitted his eyebrows and looked Lorelai. "You recognize him, kid?" Lorelai cocked her head back, lowering her gun. "Don't you think I would've said something if I knew him?" "I have something of hers!" the boy pleaded. He went to take off the jacket when Lorelai commanded," Wait!" Something about his jacket was familiar to her. It was a beat up, leach brown jacket with a patch of red leather on the shoulders. She took a step closer to him. "I know that jacket from somewhere," she whispered. The boy reached in and Lorelai held up her gun to him. "I promise I won't shoot," the boy assured her. Before Lorelai could say something, a beeping sound distracted her. "What was that?" Han asked. "It was our droid, Mr. Solo," the girl answered. "His name is BB-8." Lorelai lowered her gun and ran to the vent and looked down. BB-8 beeped again and her heart broke into a million different pieces. "BB-8?" she called to him softly. The droid looked up and squealed in delight. LORELAI?! YOU'RE ALIVE?! Lorelai jumped in and hugged the droid. "What are you doing here?" she asked him. She froze and looked around. If BB-8 was here, that meant one thing. "BB-8, where's Poe?" "You knew Poe? Poe Dameron?" the boy inquired. She stood up and eyed the boy's jacket. Her heart dropped and eyes widened. He was wearing Poe's jacket. "Why do you have his jacket?" she asked the boy, pointing to his jacket. "I can explain-." She grabbed her gun and pointed to him. "Where is he?!" "Poe's dead." Her gun slipped out of her hand, her body frozen. Her stomach churned and she looked to BB-8. Without asking, BB-8 confirmed the truth. He's not lying, Lorelai. Her mouth dropped open but no words could come out. Tears began to form in her eyes as she shook her head. "Lorelai," Han said in a slow tone. When it didn't grab her attention, he tried again, this time with a slightly harsher tone. "Lorelai, look at me." The boy reached into the jacket and pulled out a small white card. She flipped it over to find it was her ID card. "I'm so sorry," the boy said in hushed tone. A tear strolled down her face and she ran for it. In the midst of her own break down coming together, she couldn't hear Han calling for her to come back. Notes: It wasn't much of chapter, but I hope it was alright. Let me know in the comments. Also, if you're feeling sad today and need someone to talk to, feel free to message me. We're all going to get through this together <3 Chapter 3 : Chapter Three Notes: A couple of the lines in this scene are not mine and are taken from the movie. Her body trembled, losing all sense of self-control. She couldn't open her eyes in fear she'd realize none of this was some dark and twisted dream she was having. But deep down the reality of it clung onto her and it killed her. Those words from two years ago, the ones that spit out with as much venom as she could possess, danced in her head. They were the last words she ever said to him. "I hate you." She didn't mean it - even when she said it she knew she didn't mean it. She was so consumed in her anger, so ridden in vulnerability and so hurt by his rejection that she all she wanted was to give him a taste of his own medicine. Now he was gone and any chance for an apology was out of the question. He died believing she hated him and she could never forgive herself for it. He was a good guy whose focus was on making sure he went above and beyond what was asked of him. More than anything, he was her friend when not many people were. He deserved more than her unloading her baggage onto him. If you'd just kept your damn feelings to yourself , she scolded to herself. If you didn't give into him, if you had just lied... She stopped herself, a sigh escaping her lips. That night played out in her mind. "I envy you," he admitted without any kind of a warning. Lorelai turned to him and lowered the pint she was about to drink from. Her eyebrows furrowed. "You what?" Poe nodded his head, his lips curling into a sheepish smile. "You heard me." "No shit, but I'm going to need an explanation." He downed the last bit that was left in his pint and turned to her. "For one thing, you're a damn good pilot." She let out laugh, clapping her hands together. "Poe, come on." "I'm serious." "But you're top of our class. I'm, like, second to you. Not that I care - you know I don't - but, come on. You're the leader." "I'm not talking about rank, Lorelai. So what if you're second? You're an amazing pilot and you've got skills they couldn't even teach me or anyone else." Lorelai held back a smile. She was trying to be reasonable and understanding of what he was trying to say, but it was difficult when he was admitting that he wasn't as good as she was. Not that he was right because he wasn't. At least she thought he wasn't. "Also, you don't have the responsibility of being a leader," he went on. "You do your own thing, not listening to anyone-." "-except the general," she finished for him. "-except the general. You just...just...fly!" She let out another laugh and slid the bartender some money. "It's time to get you home," she told Poe. Poe's eyebrows knitted together as an adorably confused expression swept his face. "What? Why?" "Because you've had too much." "No I haven't." She ignored him and pulled his arm. He wouldn't budge. She whipped her heard toward him and commanded," Come on, Poe. We have an early morning. I'll stop at your place first and get you settled." He gave in but wriggled his arm out of her embrace. The two walked side-by-side out of the bar. Poe stumbled a bit, but managed to get himself up. Lorelai swung an arm across his shoulders. "Easy there Dameron." She could feel his gaze on her throughout the duration of their walk. At first, she found it rather uncomfortable but shrugged it off. He was just drunk. "You're beautiful," he told her. "Thanks," she replied with a scoff. "I'm serious." "Yeah, yeah, I know." "I know you have a thing for me." She stopped and let go of him. Her mouth opened wide and her heart beat at an accelerated rate. She didn't tell anyone - not even Jessika who tried multiple times to get it out of her. She thought she hid it from him. Poe stepped closer to her, tucking her hair behind her, sending shivers down her spine. "I've known for a loooooong time," he mumbled. She shut her mouth and pulled his hand, continuing their walk. "You're drunk," she told him. "I'm not drunk," he corrected her. "I'm just buzzed." "Okay, whatever you say, but I'm taking you back to your quarters and leaving you there." He pouted. "You're not gonna stay the night?" She ignored him and hurried her pace. The faster she got him to his quarters, the faster he could go to sleep and forget he told that he knew. Poe stayed quiet for the rest of the walk. By the time, she got him to his quarters she typed in the code and the doors opened. BB-8 was charging in his port, asleep, but woke up when he heard the sound of the door opening. He rolled off the port and beeped at the two. "Everything is fine, BB-8," Lorelai assured the droid. "Go back to sleep." Poe turned around and pointed a finger at the droid. "BB-8, buddy, help me out here. Tell Lorelai that she-." "Poe, stop it!" she snapped. She pushed him onto the bed and w ithout any warning, he grabbed her hands and pulled her down with him. Her face hit Poe's chest. She lifted her face up. " What the hell is wrong with you?!" Poe's hands moved to her face where they cupped her cheeks. His lips slammed onto hers. She pulled back and got up from him. "Lorelai!" He called after her. She wiped the tears streaming down her face, embarrassed at what happened. Poe rushed to block the door. "I'm sorry for what I did but how long do we have to keep pretending that you don't have feeling for me?" he asked her. She'd had enough. "What's it to you?" she growled. "Why do you care if I do?" He grinned. "So you're admitting to it?" Right as she went to press the first number of the code to leave, Poe stopped her. They stared at each other in a tense, quiet moment. "Fuck it," she muttered. Her lips pressed onto his. Poe cupped his hands back onto her face for brief moment, deepening his fight for dominance in the kiss. He let go for brief moment and commanded,"Wrap your legs around me." She jumped up and snaked her legs around his waist. He kissed her again as his hands grasping onto her waist. In the midst of his tongue exploring her mouth, he walked them over to the bed. He laid her down on the bed,her back pressing down onto the mattress. His hands moved down to the hem of her shirt and pulled it over her head. He quickly removed his shirt and began peppering kisses on her neck and moving down to chest. She let out a soft moan. Clothes were being thrown onto the floor, one by one, until the only thing covering her body was his. Neither of them knew what they were doing, but by his first thrust into her it was too late to take anything back. The next morning, Lorelai woke up with Poe's arms wrapped around her. Memories of last night came back to her one by one and she smacked her head. "I'm so screwed," she mumbled under her breath. "LORELAI!" She shot up at the sound of Han's voice and watched as he ran to her, Chewie, the two kids, and BB-8 following from behind. "We need to get out of here," he told her. "Why?" "Guavian Death Gang decided to pay an unexpected visit." She could feel the color in her face drain. Her lips pursed tightly as her hands curled into fists. Their surprise appearance meant one thing and one thing only and it was not going to end with them being alive. "What...did...you...do, Han?" The tensity in her tone was to hold her back from screaming in face. "No time to explain," Han said choosing to ignore her fury boiling. "Grab your gun and take these kids up into the corridor. Stay there until I say so. Chewie and I will handle it." "What about BB-8?" the girl asked. "He stays with me until I get rid of the gang," Han answered. "What about the rathtars?" the boy asked. "Where are you keeping them?" Lorelai cleared her throat and motioned to the container behind the boy. The boy and girl turned around when one of the rathtars banged against the container, causing the two to jump. One of the rathtars eyed them from the window. "There's one," Han pointed out. "What are you going to do?" the girl asked Han. "Same thing I always do," he said with a shrug. "Talk my way out of it." "Because that works out so well for you," Lorelai scoffed. Chewie roared in agreement with Lorelai. Han whipped his head toward the rookie, pointing a finger at him. "Yes I do," he argued. "Everytime." He turned back to Lorelai. "Take them now." Lorelai picked up her gun and stomped passed Han. She hit him with her shoulder along the way. "You better come back alive so I can kill you myself," she snapped without even looking at him. She motioned for the two kids to follow her as she put the gun in her holster. "What did you say your guys names were?" she asked them. The girl answered with "Rey" while the boy answered with,"Finn." "Rey, Finn - I'm going to need you to isten to me very carefully- if you want to make it out of here alive, we have to be on the same page." She turned to them. "I catch one of stealing something or going against me, I will make no hesitation to shoot you. Do not think for one second that just because you both saw me cry that I am weak and in a forgiving state because you are sorely mistaken. You listen to me, you will live. Are we clear?" Rey and Finn nodded. Lorelai turned the corner of the cage and opened the entrance to the corridor. She jumped down first before turning around and helping the boy and girl get down safety. She closed the door, got her hands and knees, and waited for a moment. She could hear the conversation taking place. "What's the problem?" Han asked. "Problem is we loaned you 50,00 for this job," Bala-Tik snarled. Lorelai scrunched her nose in disgust. She'd only seen him once and once was enough for her to want to punch him in his face. "Can you see them?" Rey asked Lorelai in a hushed tone. Lorelai shook her head. "Not yet." She motioned them to follow her as the continued to crawl. Her eyes looked up and in through the floors as several pairs of feet came into view. This meant they were on the side where the Guavian Death Gang were standing. She stopped moving and looked around to see if they armed. "They have blasters," Rey whispered to Lorelai. "How many?" Lorelai asked. "A lot of them," Finn replied. Lorelai motioned for them to keep going as the leader of the Guavian Death Gang, Bala-Tik, demanded," We want our money back." Suddenly, the sound of another door opening was heard and Lorelai held out her hand for Rey and Finn to stop moving. She prayed that this didn't mean the entire Guavian Death Gang was on board. A handful of them was already terrifying enough. "Tasu Leech," she heard Han call out. "Good to see you." Lorelai shut her eyes tight and mouthed, "Fuck, fuck, fuck!" The only thing worse than the Guavian Death Gang were the Kanjiklub. They were just as deadly if not more terrifying than the Guavians. How Han managed to hide his association with them to her was beyond her. I'm really going to kill him after this is over, she thought to herself. She turned to Rey and Finn. "Turn around," she mouthed. They moved over so she could get passed them to lead. Her crawling pace picked up a bit, her heart rapidly beating. She mentally coaxed herself to remain calm for the sake of Rey and Finn. Their safety was her priority. The scuffling going on above them were nothing more than mere murmurs to her at that point. Ahead of them was an slightly more open area she knew they could be safe. They were just about to reach it when Bala-Tik remarked, "That BB-8 unit. First order is looking for one just like it...and two fugitives." Lorelai froze and turned her toward Rey and Finn, who were also frozen. The two kids exchanged looks of fear before eyeing Lorelai. "Is this true?" she mouthed. They nodded their head and she cursed herself for letting Han put BB-8, Finn, and Rey in danger. She kept her composure and mouthed, "Keep going." That's when she heard Tasu Leech command in his native tongue, "Search the freighter." "Hurry!" she whispered to them. She stopped at the "safe area" and told them to stop moving. As she pulled out her gun, she saw Rey lean over and go to press the fuse buttons. "What are you doing?!" Lorelai hissed. But it was too late to stop her. Rey pressed the buttons and the sound of doors opening was followed by a pair of roaring screeches - a sound Lorelai was all too familiar with. Rey turned to Lorelai and whispered, "Oh no." "What?" Finn asked. "Wrong fuses." An idea hit Lorelai. She turned to Rey who held her hands up. "This may work in our favor," she said. She eyed Rey. "And you better pray that it does." Before either Finn or Rey could ask, Lorelai shot open the opening above them. She got up and looked back down to them. "Go to the other side and you will find an exit. Get out from there and hide in the Millennium Falcon. I will get you from there. Do you understand me?" Rey and Finn nodded. Lorelai ran off and as she turned corner, she stopped when she saw a group of death gang members be pulled back and eaten by the rathtars. Lorelai shot at the rathtar a couple times before running off to look for Han, Chewie, and BB-8. She found them shooting at the rathtars, BB-8 hiding behind. "Han," she called out to him as she helped him shoot. "I have an idea." Han looked back to her, anger filling his eyes. "I told you to watch the kids!" "They'll be fine! Look, we need to get everyone into the Millennium Falcon and get out of here." "Are you stupid?! That piece of crap is not going to work!" Lorelai shot off one of the rathtars tentacles and looked back at Han. "Clearly it does if they were flying it!" Han grumbled and yelled,"Fine! But those kids better still be alive!" Lorelai ran off in search of the Rey and Finn. She shot at several Guavian Death Gang and Kanjiklub members before they were taken away by the rathtars. One of the Death Gang members, ran into her and nearly pushed her towards the rathtar's tentacle, but she shot at the tentacles before shooting him. One tentacle wrapped around her ankle. She shot at it before shooting one rathtar right in the eye and kept running. She found Rey running around. "Where's Finn?" Lorelai asked. Before Rey could answer, one of the rathtars burst through one of the hallways, Finn wrapped tightly in it's grasp. Lorelai and Rey ran after it when Lorelai saw the control room up ahead. She stopped Rey. "Get in there and close the blue button the split second the rathtar gets in the frame," she commanded. Rey nodded and ran off as Lorelai ran after the rathtar, shooting every tentacle he had left in order to get to Finn. Once it was in the door frame, the door cut off the tentacle that held Finn. Finn jumped up and ran toward Lorelai. "We're getting Rey and heading toward the Millennium Falcon now," she ordered. Finn nodded and followed Lorelai as she got Rey out for the control room and headed towards the area where Han and the others were. As the three of them ran, large thuds followed from far behind. Lorelai glanced over to find the only rathtar alive heading toward them. He was far enough where there was still a chance, but that didn't stop her or Rey or Finn from running faster. While running, Lorelai would turn back and shoot at the monster. Han, Chewie, and BB-8 were standing by the Millennium Falcon when Rey, Finn, and Lorelai made it. "We got one fairly close behind!" Lorelai yelled to Han. "Everyone get in now!" "Close to the door behind us," Han commanded to Rey. He pointed to Finn. "You take care of Chewie." Everyone hurried on and just Lorelai made it to the ship's entrance, she tripped and twisted her ankle. She let out a scream and saw the rathtar coming closer. Fearing that there was no hope left for her, Rey pulled her up from under her arms and dragged her into the ship as the doors closed behind them. She helped Lorelai get onto her one foot as Lorelai hopped her way to one of the bench areas. In the area beside her, Finn fought a wounded Chewie to get a bandage on him. BB-8 rolled by her and asked if she was okay. "Just dandy," she clenched her teeth. She held onto her ankle while Han and Rey tried to figure out navigation. When she looked up to the window ahead find the inside of the rathtar's mouth in view, Lorelai hopped over and took the seat behind Han and Rey. "This is not how I though this day was going to go," Han commented. "Speak for yourself," Lorelai shot back as she looked around for the compressor. "Where's the compressor on this-." Next thing she knew, the ship lunged forward, peeling the rathtar off the he window, and flying them into the galaxy. Lorelai fell out of her seat and hit the back of her head on the wall. Her body slid down to the floor. Once the ship went into neutral, Han hurried beside her. "You ok, kid?" he asked. Lorelai got up from the floor and walked away, letting her action speak for themselves. Chapter 4 : Chapter Four "How's your head?" Lorelai opened her eyes to find Finn standing there. Her lips curled into a half-hearted smile. "The pain's subsided a little," she chuckled. She propped herself up on the bench and put her feet on the ground. She gestured to the empty space beside her, offering it to Finn. He hesitated at first, but proceeded to take a seat. She went on, "How are you feeling? Looks like that rathtar really had a hold on you back there." Finn scratched the back of his neck. "Not too bad. I was more afraid of Chewie clawing my eyes out when I was trying to bandage him up." "It's his defense mechanism. Give it some time and he won't be as difficult." "How long did it take him to be comfortable with you?" Lorelai ran a hand through her hair. "He's known me since I was very little so he's always been comfortable with me." Finn's eyes widened in amazement. He glanced over his shoulder, point his thumb in the direction behind him. "So you've known Han Solo your entire life?" When Lorelai nodded her head, Finn's entire face lit up. By the smile that was plastered on his face, Lorelai mentally prepared herself for question time. "Are you two related?" he asked. She shook her head. "Family friends. My dad was a pilot for the Rebel Alliance for years. From time to time, he used to help Han with the upkeep of this ship." "Weren't you a pilot for the Rebel Alliance too?" Lorelai's smile fell flat. She knew she couldn't lie to him - he had seen her ID card. "For a few years, yes." "How close were you and Poe?" It was the one question she hadn't prepared an answer for. The very mention of his name made her chest sink down to her stomach. She thought for a moment, conjuring up whatever response she could come up with that didn't involve further explanation. "Friends" seemed to be the most plausible answer, but then there would be the question about why he would have her ID card in his jacket. Also, she couldn't bring herself to say it. She'd spent all those years assuring people that he was a "friend and nothing more" and it worked; but when kissing and occasionally spending the night at each other's room turned her attraction into falling in love with him, the word "friend" killed her. It was when he pushed her out that the word tasted like a poison. "Fairly," she finally answered. "We trained together. He was the top pilot and I was second to him so we often went on missions together." Finn didn't seem convinced. "If that's the case, why did he have your ID card?" "Good question. I'm not entirely sure myself. I didn't even know I left it behind when I left the Rebel Alliance." "Why did you leave?" Lorelai cocked her head back. "Almost an hour ago I threatened to kill you if you didn't follow my orders and now you feel comfortable interrogating me about my personal life?" Finn lowered his head in embarrassment. "I didn't mean to pry," he apologized. As he was about to get up, Lorelai gently touched his shoulder. He sat back down and Lorelai removed her hand. She silently cursed at the pang of guilt that hit her. "I'm sorry for snapping at you," she said with a little sigh. She leaned up and turned her entire body toward him. "I left the Rebel Alliance because I made a huge mistake. I lost sight of what mattered the most and it turned me into an even worse version myself." She paused. "That's not to say I was even a good person to begin with, but you get my point. I realized at that point that not only had I created a mess that I wasn't going to fix, but it cost the General's trust in me as well as the trust of other people. I was selfish enough to think that packing up my things and leaving without so much as a genuine apology was the best solution. Two years later not a day goes by where I don't regret what I did." For the first time in a long time, the chip that weighed so heavily upon her shoulders was lifted. In the back of her mind she always knew that she was the cause for her own problem. No matter how many times she blamed Poe or even General Organa, she knew it was her fault. Finn peeled off Poe's leather jacket and handed it to her. "I think he would have wanted you to have it," he told her. Holding the jacket in her hands brought her back. She could remember the several occasions and night walks where he would let her wear it when she was cold. What seemed as tiny gesture to him meant everything to her. That jacket was Poe's favorite and giving it to her felt like he was giving a part of himself to her. The stinging in her eyes returned as her fingers stroked the beaten leather. "Poe was captured by the First Order," Finn began as he moved closer toward her. "I rescued him and we were on our way to Jakku because he'd left BB-8 there when he was captured. Our ship crashed and when I woke up, Poe wasn't there. Just his jacket." Lorelai pursed her lips tightly, fighting back as many tears as she could. Never in a million years would she have thought that Poe would die during a mission, let alone a ship crash. Injured, sure. She had done missions with him where he would have to seek medical treatment afterwards but that was it. In her eyes, Poe's skills made him invincible and unbreakable. He always promised her that no matter what mission they went on - no matter how dangerous it was - he would come back to her alive and she would come back alive to him. She couldn't be angry at him for breaking that promise when it was her who broke it first. She handed the jacket back to Finn. "I think he would have wanted you to have it," she said giving him a warm smile. "Thank you for rescuing him." Finn took the jacket and nodded his head. He got up from the bench and left. Lorelai wiped her face and sniffled when a soft beep caught her attention. She looked beside her to see BB-8. He never forgave himself for what he did . He was the first person to report you missing because I was with him when he went to apologize to you the next morning. Lorelai knelt down in front of the droid, her face ridden with guilt. "He had nothing to be sorry for," she told the droid. The droid opened up one of it's compartments to show her a hologram of a missing persons ad with her picture on it. Lorelai shook her head and looked away before she could lose it. Sometimes he would take separate missions just to look for you. He promised Leia he would find you. He promised me too. She hugged the droid tightly. "I am so sorry BB-8," she sniffled. "I am so, so, sorry." The droid hummed. You know I forgive you. You know I do. Lorelai pulled back when she heard someone clear their throat. She looked up to find Han standing there. "We need to talk," he told her in a soft tone. She nodded her head and stood up, giving the droid a kiss on the top of it's head. She followed Han into a separate room. "We need to get BB-8 to the Resistance," he said. "The droid has a piece of information regarding Luke's whereabouts." Lorelai's eyes widened. Luke had been in exile since she was just beginning her training. After his young apprentice turned on him and killed the padawans who were training, Luke disappeared. She remembered first hearing about it and pushing her passed her parents to assure a grief-stricken Leia that she would do whatever it took to bring Luke back. "You think it could be the final piece of the map?" she asked Han. "All I know is that we need to get a clean ship so we're stopping at Takodana to see if Maz has a clean ship we can use." Lorelai rolled her eyes back and sighed. "Han you can't be serious. Isn't there somewhere else we can go to?" "We have no choice. This isn't my first choice either but unless you have a better idea of where we can get a clean ship, we're going." She threw her arms up in there. "Fine. But if she asks me to serve one more drink to one of those things, I'm leaving." "Should have thought about that when you first ran to her when you ran away," Han said patting her shoulder. Chapter 5 : Chapter Five Notes: Just a quick note that there are some pieces of dialogue that are taken from the movie and they belong to Lawrence Kasdan, J.J. Abrams, and Michael Arndt. Han landed on the Millennium Falcon on a grassy cliff that overlooked Nymeve Lake. Lorelai stepped out and watched how the rays of the mid-afternoon sun glistened on the lake. A gentle breeze blew through her hair as she inhaled slowly, trying to remember what it was like to be in outside world after being stuck in a ship for two years. The refreshing air and nature's aura surrounded her as a sense of freedom overcame her. She no longer felt as though she was hiding anymore. "I offered Rey a job," Han informed her. "She turned down the offer." Lorelai pursed her lips together to fight back a smile. "Hate to break it to you Han, but you're not exactly the master of persuasion." He shot her a look. "I'll have you know I have successfully talked my way out of several different situations." "Except for earlier when two of the largest criminal organizations in the galaxy tried to kill you." "I would have handled it just fine without the rathtar fiasco." Lorelai looked over to see Rey looking out at the lake, a somber expression on her face. "Tell you what, I'll go talk to her for you." Han motioned for her to go on and try. Lorelai walked over to the young woman and stood beside her. "I hear the old man offered you a job," she spoke up. Rey smiled blushingly. "He said he was 'thinking about it', but I think he was." "You could learn a lot from him," Lorelai noted as she folded her arms across her chest. "Sure, the pay could be better and it's not really much of a job but he knows his stuff. He's someone who could teach you a thing or to." She stopped to chuckle. "Whenever my dad wasn't able to help me practice my flight skills, Han would step in and teach me a couple things. My mother freaked out at the idea of Han Solo teaching her ten year old how to fly but it paid off." She looked up at Rey with a serious expression. "I don't know much about you but from what I saw earlier, you know how to navigate and work a ship. Working with Han could really improve your skills. Also, it would be nice to have another female on board." Rey's eyes lit up with hope for a brief moment but then fell at some unknown realization. She shook her head sadly. "I can't leave my home," she said. "Where is home for you?" "Jakku." Lorelai's arms fell to her sides as she furrowed her eyebrows at the younger girl. "Why would you want to stay in that sandy hellhole?" "It's my home. I can't just leave it." There was a whimpering tone in Rey's voice. "Believe me when I say yes you can. Besides you can always go back and visit." Lorelai paused and tilted her head. "Is it a guy?" Rey looked at her with a puzzled expression. "What?" "The reason you can't leave, is it because of a guy?" "No! No, not at all." Lorelai nodded, somewhat convinced with Rey's answer. "Fine, but if it is let me be the first to tell you no guy is worth risking your potential." Rey chuckled as Lorelai patted Rey's shoulder. "Think about it, Rey." As Lorelai walked away she was stopped by Han. "How'd it go?" he asked her. She shrugged, giving him an "eh" before walking away. They were about to enter Maz Kantana's castle when Finn asked," Why are we here again?" "To get your droid onto a clean ship," Han answered. Rey and Finn exchanged confused looks. "Clean?" Rey asked. "If Han, Chewie, and I were able to track the Falcon on the scanner of his other ship, the First Order can track it on theirs," Lorelai explained. "You want to get BB-8 to the Resistance? Maz Kanata is out best bet," Han continued on. "Unfortunately," Lorelai mumbled under her breath. Han, hearing her comment, pointed a finger at her. "Behave. Remember she took you in when you made a run for it." "And I left which says a lot," she reminded him. Finn cut into their conversation. "We can trust her, right?" "Relax kid," Han assured as their made their way closer to the door. "She's run this watering hole for a thousand years. Maz is a bit of an acquired taste so let me do all the talking." He stopped to look at them. "And whatever you do, don't stare?" "At what?" Rey and Finn asked in unison. "Any of it," Lorelai replied. Han opened the door and they walked in. Maz Kanata's castle, as it always was, was packed. It was the hangout spot for spies, fugitives, and smugglers of all kinds of races and species. What it lacked, however, was Takodana's charm and beauty. Unlike the outside part, the castle was dirty and smelled of alcohol, sweat, and other substances. The noise level wasn't great either. Between the ongoing conversations among customers and the music, it was hard to hear anything. When the group stepped in, Lorelai's eyes scanned the room as her nose scrunched in disgust. BB-8 took notice. Are you alright? "Never better," she said dryly. "Just stay close to me, okay?" The droid beeped understandingly. Suddenly a woman's voice called out from across the cantina, "Han Solo." The entire cantina went silent. All patrons and musicians turned to look in their general direction. Stepping up toward them was Maz Kanata. Maz was a short, elderly, humanoid with a pair of round, oversized goggles over her eyes. Despite her stature, the deemed "pirate queen" was a force to be reckoned with and so help anyone who crossed her. Han waved over at her. "Hey Maz." As the patrons and musicians looked away and resumed their conversations and music playing, Maz walked over to them. "Where's my boyfriend?" she asked referring to Chewie. "Chewie's working on the Falcon." "I like that Wookiee." Her eyes caught Lorelai looking around and she put her arms on her hips. "Lorelai Vendetto." Hearing Maz say her name made Lorelai cringe. She looked over and waved awkwardly. Maz pushed aside Han to get to Lorelai. "I see you're still on the run," she noted. Lorelai made a face. "I wouldn't put it that way-." "Oh? Then why have people from the Resistance come in here looking for you?" "It's been a long time since I left so surely they've stopped coming." "They check in from time to time." She turned her attention to Han. "I assume you need something, desperately. Let's get to it." Maz took them to a table in the back where they could be away from other patrons. She ordered food for the table before getting down to business. Han explained it to her that BB-8, or "that thing" as he referred to it, had a map of Luke Skywalker's whereabouts and that the First Order is after it. "A map to Skywalker himself?" Maz asked with a chuckle. "You're right back in the mess." "I need you to get this droid to Leia," Han said to her. She thought for a moment. "Hmm...no." "Maz-." "You've been running from this fight for far too long," she remarked. She pointed at him. "Han, nyakee nato wadda . Go home." Han let out a sigh. "Leia doesn't want to see me." "The droid is more important than his failed marriage," Lorelai remarked. She quickly turned to Han. "No offense." He held up his hand. "None taken." "Please," Finn pleaded. "We came here for your help." "What fight?" Rey asked. "The only fight - against the dark side," Maz said. "Through the ages, I've seen evil take many forms- the Sith, the Empire. Today, it is the First Order. Their shadow is spreading across the galaxy. We must face them. Fight them. All of us." "There is no fight against the First Order," Finn argued defensively. "Not one we can win. Look around...there's no chance we haven't been recognized already. I bet you the First Order is on their way right-." Maz adjusted her goggles, her eyes becoming huge. She leaned across the table, knocking the food and plates off the table while keeping her fixation on Finn. It was the kind of look a predator gave when it eyed down it's prey. Finn leaned back in his chair. "What's she doing?" Finn asked. Han shook his head. "I don't know, but it ain't good." Lorelai's eyes moved back and fourth from Finn to Maz. "Just stay still and she'll go away, Finn." "If you live long enough you see the same eyes in different people," Maz remarked without moving her gaze away from him. "I'm looking at the eyes of a man who wants to run." Finn's face hardened, the vulnerability and fear from his face now gone. " You don't know a thing about me- where I'm from, what I've seen," he growled at her. "You don't know the First Order like I do. They'll slaughter us. We all need to run." Lorelai, Han, and Rey stared in disbelief at Finn. The way he spoke, it was as if he was a completely new person. The anger in his rage was strange but incredibly suspicious. It was enough to make Maz move back into her seat. She pointed to the table across the room. "You see those two? They'll trade work for transportation to the Outer Rim. There, you can disappear." Finn got up from his seat went to leave when Rey called his name. He turned to her. "Come with me." "What about BB-8?" Rey asked. "We're not done yet. We have to get him back to your base." Fear crawled back into Finn's eyes. Lorelai noticed the change in his expression when Rey said "your base." "I can't," he said. He pulled out a blaster that belonged to Han and handed it to him. "Keep it, kid" Han told him. Finn walked away. Lorelai watched as Rey ran after him. "Who's the girl?" Maz asked as her eyes fixated on Rey. "Her names Rey," Lorelai answered, not taking her eyes off Finn and Rey talking. "She's from Jakku. She found BB-8 with Finn." Maz nodded and turned her attention back to Lorelai. "Why don't you go and take BB-8 back to the Resistance? Don't you think it's time for you to go home." She shook her head. "Not a fucking chance." "At least go home to your parents in Yavin 4." "I go to them, they will tell Leia and it will be this whole thing-." "You don't want to see him, do you?" Maz leaned closer to Lorelai. "You're still not over the Dameron boy, are you?" Lorelai clenched her jaw. "Poe's dead. He died running from the First Order with Finn." Maz leaned back. "I am sorry to hear that. You still love him, yes?" Lorelai went quiet. Her eyes fell to the table as she inhaled and exhaled slowly. Maz took Lorelai's hand. "Go back to Yavin 4. Go to your parents, grieve, and then get your life back together." Han cleared his throat. "I think it's time you go back too, kid." She looked down at BB-8. A defeated smile appearing on her face. "I'll go after I take BB-8." Lorelai stood outside the castle when she heard Han's voice from behind her say,"You're doing the right thing, kid." He put his hand on her shoulder and stood beside her. Lorelai chuckled as she looked out into the far distance. "Get ready for the 'why-did-you-take-our-kid-and-not-tell-us' calls from Mom and Dad," she told him. "I'll handle it," he assured. He then changed the subject. "It'll get better, you know." "What?" "Life." She held back a smile, knowing what he was actually referring to. "Thanks, Han." Han pat her shoulder one last time and the two went inside. They met up with Chewie who had just recently joined them. The three sat down when suddenly, a noise that roared like thunder could be heard. Debris started to fall and Han, Lorelai, and Chewie looked at each other. They ran out the door along with several other patrons when someone shouted,"Look! Up in the sky!" Lorelai looked up to the sky to find a red light soaring across the sky. Then, out of nowhere, a swarm of TIE fighters flew by and aiming their targets at Maz's castle. Finn's voice could be heard in the crowd. "It's the republic!" Lorelai spotted him as she, Han, and Chewie ran toward him. Finn was breathing heavily. "The First Order, they've done it." He looked around. "Where's Rey?" "I haven't seen her," Lorelai shook her head. Then it hit her. "I haven't seen BB-8 either." Before either one of them could move, Maz ran up to them. "Follow me!" she yelled in the midst of the screaming crowd. She led them back into the castle and down into basement corridor. "I've had this for ages." They walked through the halls until she stopped at a large chest and opened it. In it was a lightsaber."Kept it locked away." "Where did you get that?" Han asked. "A good question for another time," Maz answered. She handed the lightsaber to Finn. " Take it! Find your friend!" Suddenly the room above started to shake. More shots taken to the castle. "Those beasts," Maz cursed. "They're here." Lorelai pulled out her blaster and Han drew out his. Along with Finn, they ran upstairs which was now covered in head to toe debris. Running towards the exit, they were able to make it outside. "Chewie! Lorelai! Come on!" Han called out to them. They ducked for cover behind one of the broken down pieces of building as stormtroopers appeared one by one, coming out of the Atmospheric Assault Landers. Lorelai fired several rounds of shots before yelling to Han,"I'll be right back." She made a run for it, dodging every blaster that hit her way and shooting many stormtroopers in the process. She took cover behind another piece of the broken castle and started shooting. One stormtrooper got too close and she aimed for his face. In the distance, she saw a stormtrooper knock Finn's lightsaber away and pushed him to the ground. She shot the stormtrooper and ran over to help Finn. "Thanks," Finn sighed in relief as he helped her up. Han ran over to them along with Chewie. "You okay Big Deal?" he asked Finn. Before Finn could answer, a group of stormtroopers aim their blasters at Lorelai, Finn, Han, and Chewie. "Don't move!" one of them ordered. "TK-338, we have targets in custody!" They dropped their weapons and put their hands on their hands. "March, now!" They walked with the stormtroopers right behind them. One of them tried to grab Lorelai, but she shook them off. "Touch me one more time and I swear I will-." She was cut off by a stormtrooper. " We have incoming at two-eight-point-six! Move! Dispatch! Move! Scramble all squads! Repeat, scramble all squads! Anti-air cover en route to our position!" Her eyes moved up to the sky and widened in shock. She lowered her hands. "It's the Resistance," she could hear Han say. As the X-Wings fighters drew closer, one of them caught her eye. Every muscle in her body stopped as she fixated on the one with the black X on it. There was only one person she knew who had that X-Wing. "Poe?" "Lorelai, look out!" Finn called out. A blast cut into the side of her left forearm. She let out scream in pain, taking a step back before falling back and hitting her head on a large piece of cement. Her vision blurred for a moment before turning into darkness. The last thing she could hear was Finn calling her name. Chapter 6 : Chapter Six Notes: Once again, there are a couple pieces of dialogue that are taken from the movie. They belong to their rightful owners. After a smooth landing onto the Resistance base, Poe Dameron opened the the windows and swung his leg over the side of the cockpit, climbing down the ladder to get onto the ground. One of the Resistance technicians greeted him. "Sounds like mission went well," he noted as the pilot took off his helmet and handed it to him. Poe opened his mouth to respond when a beeping sound caught his attention. He glanced over to see his beloved BB-8 waiting for him. A grin swept across his face as he darted toward his beloved droid. "BB-8, my buddy!" he exclaimed, kneeling down on one knee to hug the droid. "I thought I lost you out there. How did you get out of Jakku?" The droid motioned toward Finn and beeped, Ask him . He's the one who rescued me . Poe looked to see Finn standing in the middle of the base, stunned. He'd sworn the night he escaped after crashing that Finn was dead. He couldn't find his rescuer anywhere and it killed him that someone had died to save him. He got up off the ground the second Finn ran toward him. "Poe Dameron?" Finn asked completely baffled. "Buddy," Poe said as he wrapped his arms around the young man, patting his back. Finn pulled back. "You're alive?" "So are you." "What happened to you?" "What happened? I got thrown from the crash, woke up at night - no you, no ship, nothing. BB-8 says that you saved him?" Finn shook his head. "No, no, no. It wasn't just me. Poe, there's something-." "You completed my mission, Finn. I-." Poe stopped when he was distracted by the leather jacket Finn had on. "That's my leather jacket." Finn looked at it for a moment and as he was about to take it off, Poe stopped him. "No, no," he said. "Keep it. It suits you." He patted the young man's shoulders. "You're a good man, Finn." Finn smiled quickly before remembering what he had to tell Poe. "I don't know how to tell you this," Finn began as took a deep breath. "Your friend, the girl who's ID card you had in your jacket pocket? I found her but she's-." Poe's entire face fell in disbelief. His once bright brown eyes dimmed and the smile on his face vanished. His heartbeat stopped. "Lorelai? She's alive?" BB-8 chirped. She is! We found her on Han Solo's ship! Poe moved passed Finn, his eyes moving around the base hurriedly. "Is she here? Where is she? Lor-." Finn grabbed onto Poe's arm, pulling him back a bit. "The Resistance medical team has her," he informed calmly. Once he saw the distress come into Poe's eyes, he further explained. "She was shot in the arm by one of the stormtroopers' blaster and fell back and hit her head. She was unconscious for awhile but on the way here, we were able to wake her up a little bit. She was still fairly out of it but she's getting medical treatment now." Poe swallowed, the lump in his throat refusing to move. "I gotta go." He jogged passed Finn, darting towards the medical corridor. As he ran, he could feel his heartbeat return but it was now beating anxiously. The knot is stomach tightened and his mind raced with thoughts. Finn assurance of her being okay wasn't enough to convince him. There were so many sleepless nights. Nights where nightmares confirmed his worst fears. He had seen her be killed by the First Order, her ship explode - the gruesome scenarios distressed him more than any night terror. Each trip he made, he would look for her and at his heart would beat in fear that he find her. But the possibility of her blood on his hands wasn't the only thing that kept him up. "I'm the reason she left," he admitted to General Organa a few days after Lorelai was reported missing. "It's my fault." General Organa stared at him with a blank expression. He took that as a sign to explain further. He drew a long breath. "We secretly were intimate for awhile and then the Tatooine Mission disaster happened..." His voice trailed off as he started to choke up. "I chose to save her life over another pilot's and it killed me that I had to choose between her and one of my men. After the disaster, I couldn't live with the guilt that I chose her over my fellow man. I thought about my dad and how my mother's death effected him and his work. I chose my job over the love of my life because we worked together and if I watched her die, I couldn't do my job anymore and I couldn't fulfill the promise I made to you and to my dad." He watched General Organa process his story. After a few seconds of silence, the General Organa sighed. "I would like to remind you that I was already aware of you and Lorelai's personal affairs because right after I told you, you ran into her room and accused her of telling me." Poe's eyes widened. "How did you-." He was cut off by General Organa holding her hand up to him. She stood up from her chair. "I understand your reason for your actions. We're in a time where what you do affects the people you love. The current circumstances have put a strain on several relationships, mine included." She put her hands on her desk. "You called Lorelai 'the love of your life' to me without any hesitation but you made her believe something else. In fact, your actions caused you to lose her and me to lose my best pilot and my friend. In your explanation to me, not once did I hear you say you were sorry. Instead I heard someone choosing themselves over someone else, so tell me...do you love Lorelai?" "Yes," Poe immediately answered. "Then get out of my office and go find her." Poe reached the medical corridor and found General Organa conversing outside a hospital room with a nurse. "Is she in here?" he asked her as he interrupted the nurse halfway through her sentence. General Organa nodded and held her hand out. "I will go in first," she said to Poe calmly. "If she wakes up and is well enough to feel comfortable with you being in the room, I will come get you." Poe bit his bottom lip. "I have to be in there." "You have a job to tend you, Dameron. I understand your impatience but right now she needs to focus on her health." She turned to the nurse and allowed her access to go in the room. The nurse left leaving Poe and General Organa alone. "Please," he pleaded his voice trembling. "Poe," General Organa warned. "Go." Poe shook his head and turned away. Han, having watched everything, appeared to Leia. "She would want to see him," he reasoned with her. "You should let him in." The General made a face. "I can only manage one screwed up relationship right now and that's with you being here." Lorelai opened her eyes slowly as the throbbing pain in her head made it difficult for them to want to stay open. She let out a low hum as she tried to process where it is she was. The last thing she remembered was Finn and Han's face staring into hers. "Han, she's awake!" "I need you to stay awake, kid. You took a pretty bad falling but we're on our way to get you help." Leia's face came into view. "Lorelai, hun, it's me. You're going to be alright. Just stay awake." Everything else after that was fuzzy to her. She was now much more aware of her surroundings and aware of the massive headache and bruising pain in her left forearm She wanted to lean over to see the damage but her headache stopped her. "Fucking stormtroopers," she grumbled hoarsely. She heard the door open followed by a pair of footsteps. General Organa entered, Lorelai's body stiffening. The general sat on the edge of her bed. She gave her a warm smile and touched her arm. "It's good to see you're awake and alive," she greeted. Lorelai managed to smile. "You know, just because I'm lying injured on a hospital doesn't mean you can't yell at me for what I did. I mean, don't yell because I won't be able to take it with this fucking pain in my head, but you can lecture me." General Organa chuckled. "I can wait." "I took off in a Resistance X-Wing and worked for your nerdherder ex-husband for two years and even left the X-Wing in his ship when we escaped and you're totally fine with holding off lecturing me?" "I've seen people run off to worse places and do worse this things." General Organa motioned to Lorelai's wounded arm. "On behalf of my son, I apologize for that." "More like revenge for all the shit I pulled on him when we were kids." She winced at the pain in her forearm. "How bad is my arm?" General Organa glanced at it briefly. "The stitches look fine but you should expect some bruising for awhile." "Is there a mirror around? I want to see it." The general went over to the side table beside the bed and held it up for Lorelai to see. A mixture of red and purple bruising surrounded the stitched up area. The look of it was deceiving as it hurt much worse than it appeared. Lorelai sighed. General Organa put down the mirror and went back to sitting on the edge of the bed. "I should forewarn you that your parents are on the way," she changed the subject. "I made the call as soon as I arrived." Lorelai nodded understandingly. While this wasn't how she wanted to be reunited with them, there was nothing she could do. She made a mental note to have the nurse remind them repeatedly of the condition of their daughter's headache. The last thing she wanted was a million different questions flying at her. Not that they didn't have a right to. Not after what she put them through. She couldn't hold it in anymore. "Leia, I'm so, so sorry for what I did," she said with as much composure as she could muster. "I know saying that doesn't solve anything nor does it fix this whole thing, but please believe me when I say that I regret my actions. I took a lot of people in my life for granted - you included - and forgot how lucky I was to be a part of the Resistance. I don't expect any forgiveness from you and I am more than willing to accept the consequences of my actions." General Organa opened her mouth to respond when Han appeared into the room, Chewie beside him. "Are we interrupting something?" Han questioned. "Not at all," General Organa sighed. She turned to Lorelai and mouthed,"We'll discuss this later." Lorelai noted the sling on Chewie's arm. "Looks serious." The wookie roared. It was but I was brave about it. "I don't doubt that," Lorelai chuckled. "Well it's good to see you awake and in one piece," Han remarked as he pointed to Lorelai's arm. "Considering the fact that my day has consisted of twisting my ankle, hitting my head in the falcon, getting shot at, and then hitting my head and getting a concussion, that's all that matters," she said. General Organa motioned to the door. "Let's leave her to rest," she told Han. Han and Chewie waved goodbye and before General Organa left, she asked,"He was looking for you, you know. He tried to come in but I told him to wait until I got the go ahead from you. Are you up for seeing him?" Lorelai gave an assuring nod. General Organa smiled as she left. A few minutes later, one of Resistance doctors came in. "How are we holding up?" she asked with a large smile on her face. "I can't move, my head is killing me, and I have stitches in my arm. You tell me." Poe waited outside Lorelai's room alongside BB-8. He came the second General Organa gave him the go-ahead but added that he would have to wait until the doctor left the room. He didn't care how long he had to wait. Once the doctor left he was going in. Ten minute passed when he heard the door open. He stood up and watched the doctor leave before taking a step in. BB-8 rolled in first, beeping happily to see her. "Hey you!" he heard Lorelai greet the droid. His heart stopped at the sound of her voice. There weren't enough words to describe how much he missed it. He walked in slowly when there she was lying in bed. Her eyes moved from BB-8 to him and they stared at one another. He noted how she had lost some weight and her hair was longer than when he lost saw her. She had some dirt on her face, most likely from the attacks earlier. The only thing that remained the same were those pair of green eyes that he adored to pieces. "I thought you were dead," he said breaking the silence. Tears fluttered in her eyes. "I thought you were too." He grabbed a chair and set it beside her. He took Lorelai's hand, cupping them in his and started to cry. "I am so sorry," he sobbed quietly. "I am so, so sorry." Lorelai watched as a tear strolled down her cheek. She moved her hand away from his grip and stroked his dark hair, like she used to do when they would lie in bed together. She rested her head against his. "I'm sorry too," she whispered. While not all was forgiven and while there was a lot they had to discuss, both of them pushed it aside for the moment. In that moment, they were just happy to be in each other's company. Notes: Let me know what you think!