Beginnings Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The twelve Olympians sat around the room on their magnificent thrones, about to begin a council meeting. Before they could the door creaked open and little girl rushed in. She was clearly about seven years old. She ran straight up to the throne of Zeus. "Hi" she said, grinning up at him. One of her front teeth was missing, but you could already see one coming back in. Her smile was infectious, almost literally lighting up the room. "Look, Zeus, look what I can do!" She held up her small hands, and they began to spark, a little storm swirling between her fingertips. Zeus stared down at her while she held her hands to her face, giggling at the storm in her fingers. Then it began to spark out of control, zapping the tile floors and walls, winds beginning to howl. Zeus rose from his throne, but too late. A maelstrom exploded from the girl's fingertips, ripping up the tile floors and almost blowing out the hearth fire completely. Cracks ran through the walls and ceiling. "WHAT DID I TELL YOU ABOUT DOING THAT" Zeus bellowed at her. He was about as tall as a football goalpost, and the girl was the normal size for a seven-year-old human-four feet, easily. She backed away from her older brother. "I-I" she stuttered. "I didn't mean it, I just wanted-" She paused looking around at the damage she'd caused to the glorious throne room. "I didn't mean it" she wailed, beginning to tear up from the cold glares the Olympians were all giving her. "I can fix it!" Her fingers began to glow again, but Zeus intervened. "NO" he roared. "YOU ARE NOT FIT TO LIVE HERE! BACK TO THE MORTAL WORLD, WHERE YOU BELONG!!" When she didn't immediately leave he sat back in his throne, taking out a lightning bolt and testing the point with one finger. The girl fled in terror of her brothers lightning. All the minor godlings, nymphs, and such who were gathered on Olympus recognized her disgrace and began jeering, throwing cups and wads of garbage at her, purposely tripping her as ran for the edge of the mountain. By the time she made it there was a mob on her tail. She was crying harder then any child of her age should ever need to cry. "Who wants to push the Titan-spawn off the mountain" someone jeered. That was the last straw. She turned to the crowd, her face red and streaked with tears. Her eyes were glowing with fury. "TRY THIS" she yelled, and pointed her fingers at the mob. KA-BLAM!!!!!!! The explosion scared away the crowd and blew the nearest building to shreds. The girl looked confident in what she had done, until she realized where she was. The edge of the mountain. She teetered on the edge for one moment, before falling off with a terrified scream. But no one either heard her or cared. She went hurtling towards the mortal world, flames gathering around her from the speeds she was flying at. Olympus faded into the clouds as she twisted and screamed in the air, but there was no slowing her fall. Buildings flickered in and out of view until she went streaking in between two skyscrapers and, with another crash, landed in an overflowing dumpster. She lay in the garbage for a moment, but it seemed like hours. Finally she inched to the edge and crawled out, falling to the pavement with a sickening crack. "Ooooowwww" she whined, getting to her feet again. Her clothes were smoking and her skin was covered in a layer of ash. There was an ugly blue-black bruise blooming on her shoulder where she had hit the pavement. She stumbled, leaning on the wall of the building for support. "Momma" she cried. "Momma, where are you?!" No answer. Another tear streaked down her cheek. "Anybody?!" Nothing. After another torturous moment of silence she shut her eyes and called "Daddy. Help me." Almost immediately the air shimmered, and the image of Kronos stepped into existence. "Abby Grace" he said. "What happened to you?" "They threw me out" she whimpered. "I should have known" he muttered. "Come here my dear." She limped closer to him. He placed his hand on her shoulder. "How do you feel?" "Angry" she muttered. "They know I'm not immortal, but they hurt me like this anyway." "Good" Kronos said. "I'll teach you how to use that." "You will?" Abby sounded amazed. "Of course, if you come with me. I promise, you'll never have to bow to the Olympians again." "Never?" "Never." "YAY" Abby shouted with delight. "Shh" Kronos said. "You can celebrate all you want once we get to where I'm taking you." Abby nodded, immediately quieting down. She smiled at Kronos. He gave her a cold smile back, but it was obvious he wasn't seeing his daughter. He was seeing the potential she had, and what she would grow up to be under his care. Notes: -Author- There, the intro to a whole different story. Sure, I used one of the flashbacks from the old draft, but this one is going in a whole different direction. Also, I'd like to give a few shoutouts in this part. I didn't give any at the beginning because, well, the very beginning of a story just isn't the place. But here they are: First, another shoutout to creepystarwarsfan for adding my other book, When Worlds Collide to their reading list REYLO TRASH. And a shoutout to lynnotte for voting on part 11 of When Worlds Collide (Padawan-Part Two). Finally, a shoutout to marinavoldy for adding Kylo Grace Oneshots to their reading list, leer ordenata (Yes, I'm aware that's Spanish). Thanks to all of you, because your support really does mean the world to me! XOX, AbbyGrace31415 P.S. Everyone I just gave a shoutout to is a wattpad.com user. Just saying. Chapter 2 : Darkside Undercover Summary: BTW, I'm kind of role reversing Ben and Abby. Abby turns to the Dark, while Ben stays with the Light. Also, I've got to give the worlds biggest shoutout to beckbear , because you are the best! I can't even begin to explain how awesome you are, thank you for all your constructive comments and votes and opinions on my stories! If all the other people reading this want to know how awesome beckbear is, let me give some perspective. They have an entire flipping reading list named abigail which is filled with my stories! Here's some GIFs for you, because my gratitude cannot be expressed with just words this time. Did I mention that beckbear (on wattpad.com) is awesome?! Okay, I just need to calm down. Here, have some Kylo Grace trash! Kronos and his young daughter Abby stood on a hill overlooking the new Jedi temple, where Luke Skywalker was standing outside the large main building. "This" Kronos said. "Is our first target. But we need someone on the inside to defeat it." "Who" Abby asked, clinging to his hand. "You" Kronos told her. "You're going to stay here, but you can't tell anyone who you really are." "I don't want to" Abby said with a scowl. "I don't want any connection to the Olympians." Kronos looked slightly surprised at how much anger seemed to fill the seven-year-old girl, but not disappointed. "Good" he said. "And here I go by another name. I am Supreme Leader Snoke here." "I can't call you Kronos?" "Not where others can hear" he warned. "But I am still your father, even if you address me as Snoke. Take this." He handed her a holocommunicator. "Just press this button if you need me and I will speak to you. And always keep this with you." She nodded, taking the small metal wedge and shoving it into her pocket. "I understand" she said. "I'll contact you if I need to tell you something" Kronos told her. "Listen, here you are Abby Grace. You have no family, you are an orphan. I am Supreme Leader Snoke, leader of the First Order. You will have a place in the First Order once we destroy the Jedi, but I need to build some followers first." "Here I am an orphan and you are Supreme Leader Snoke, who is of no relation to me" Abby recited. "But I am secretly his daughter, and I will have a place in the First Order once we destroy the Jedi." "Very good" Kronos said with a wicked smile. "Now, don't be surprised, I'm going to disguise myself so I can introduce you to Skywalker." His form changed, going from a seven-foot-tall hummanoid covered in crater-like scars to an old man, leaning on a cane. "Follow me" he bid his daughter, and they walked into the valley. "Who are you" Luke Skywalker asked. Snoke hobbled up to him. "Hello Skywalker" he said. "I'm just one of the elders from the next town over, but I found this poor girl wandering in the woods. She tells me her family was killed, and since you're looking for students I wondered if you would take her." Luke raised an eyebrow. Abby took this as it was-a sign he wasn't buying the story-and she scampered up to him. "Oh please Master" she said. "My parents told me I was Force-sensitive and they were just going to bring me here, but we crashed! Thank the Force this old man found me, but this is where I was coming anyway! Or were we mistaken that you were looking for students?" "You speak well for your age" Luke noted. "I've been given a very good education" Abby answered. "My parents valued knowledge and wisdom." Snoke nodded in satisfaction, seeing that she was playing her part well. "Please, please" she begged. "I knew I would have to leave my parents if I wanted to become a Jedi, I didn't expect them to die! But this is what they would want!" She lowered her head. This finally seemed to win over Skywalker, for, as Snoke had predicted, compassion got the better of him. "Alright child" he agreed. "You are Force-sensitive, and very powerful from what I can sense." "I'm powerful" Abby repeated, grinning and spinning in a circle with excitement. "But tell me" Luke said. "What is your name?" "Her name is Abby Grace" Snoke said. "Now I must go. Goodbye." Abby bowed to him. This surprised him, but he didn't mind the show of respect. Then he left, walking back up the hill and disappearing into the forest. Luke knelt in front of Abby. "You're the first student to arrive here" he said. "I was going to begin searching for students, but you got here first." "There's no one else here" she asked. "Not for long" Luke assured her. "In a few weeks my nephew will arrive. He's Force-sensitive too, and will train to be a Jedi alongside you and any other younglings who we find." "We?" "I'm going to need your help" Luke told her. "One man can't rebuild the Jedi Order, can he?" Abby looked up at him, and for a second her eyes flashed with what looked like gold fire. But it came and went so fast Luke dismissed it. "You'd be surprised" she said. "You'd be surprised." Ben's mother left him at the Jedi temple. With Uncle Luke. So far he thought no one else was there, but then his uncle lead him into a large circular room filled with large squashy chairs, which Luke told him were for meditating. At the far end was a small figure, sitting crossed-legged with it's back to them. "That's Abby" Luke told Ben. "Abby Grace. She arrived just a few weeks before you did, she's easily as powerful as you." "Is that a bad thing" Ben asked. "Jedi do not compare their power to others Ben" Luke told him patiently. "Go talk to her, I think you'd both like some company. I'll be right here." He let go of Ben's hand, giving his a gentle nudge at the shoulder towards the girl at the end of the room. Ben walked across the stone floor, his feet tapping against the marble. "Who are you?" Abby's voice rang in the silence, cold and clear. "I-I'm Ben" he stuttered, suddenly intimidated and shy. "Ben Solo?" "Yes." "Oh, it's you!" She jumped up, her face shining with a smile. "I've been so excited, waiting for you to get here, it's been so..." She faltered, shooting an uneasy glance at Luke. "Quiet" she decided. "Here with just me and Master Luke! This is going to be such fun!" She jumped with excitement, her honey-gold eyes shining with fun. "Master" she called. "Can I show Ben around?" "Of course Abby" Luke said with a smile. Abby jumped again, bouncing up and down on her heels. "C'mon Ben" she said. "This place is huge! And-" She lowered her voice. "For a little while we have it all to ourselves." She grabbed his hand and dragged him out of the room, still grinning like crazy. Ben was a bit shy and surprised by this. There weren't many kids back where he was raised on Hosnian Prime, let alone girls. She didn't look the way he'd expected. She was much too tall for her age, tall as him, and he was no short kid. Her eyes shimmered with power, emotion, and intelligence. Her face was good-looking in a strange way, too young to be hot but too mature to be cute or pretty. Her hair fell down to almost her elbows, a curtain of dark brown. Every time she smiled she showed off rows of small, near perfect white teeth. But the strangest thing about her was her eyes. They were honey-gold, a completely unnatural color, and a bit reflective. She reached a flight of steps and stopped suddenly. Ben ran right into her. "Oh no, I'm sorry" he mumbled quickly, backing away from her. "It's okay, accidents happen" she assured him. "Now listen up. Don't worry about where I'm taking you, it's completely safe, believe me, you'll thank me later. And keep quiet about this." "Where are we going?" "Just follow me." She began running up the steps, her legs were just long enough to go two at a time. Ben followed, doing the same. After what felt like hours of climbing she reached a trapdoor. "Remember, this place is a secret" she warned. "Don't tell anybody." She pushed the trapdoor open and climbed the ladder that fell out of it and to the floor. Ben did as well. Once at the top she held out her hand, pulling him up onto a stretch of roof. It was almost completely flat, allowing them both to stand without trouble. One wall came up behind them. You could walk almost all the way around the roof of the building from there. But the best part was the view. A bloodred sunset was settled in the west, bathing everything in shades of red and gold and a bit of pink. "Just look" Abby said. "Things like this make me wonder, how does the natural world do this?" "Why are you surprised" Ben said. "Doesn't nature always do stuff like this?" "Where I come from it isn't called nature" Abby said. "But that's a story for another time. I still have to show you around, don't I?" "Can I come back up here?" "Anytime" she said. "You know where it is. I won't stop you. Now hurry, there's more to see!" She ran back to the ladder and began climbing down. Ben took one last look at the scene stretched out before him, before following her back into the temple. Chapter 3 : Witch Girl Summary: Here, have some fluff! You'll need it, I'm planning for this story to get dark real fast. Things at the Jedi temple changed. New students arrived, real classes began, Rey-Ben's cousin-was born. No longer was it just Ben and Abby, and, the more people arrived and the more crowded it got, the more Abby drifted away from everyone else. This made Ben sad, she was his very first friend, and one of his best. But he tried to let her do her own thing, as she was always a bit of a loner in the first place. He distracted himself with his baby cousin, Rey, who was just as Force-sensitive as him and Abby, maybe more. Not many others at the temple were as strong in the Force as those three-Ben, Rey, and Abby. But there was something more about Abby, and that was revealed to Ben one fateful day, one day that happened to be very special-August 24th, her thirteenth birthday. He thought that would be a good day to try and get back in touch with his friend, because he really did enjoy her company and liked being friends with her as well. She was kind and funny and always had the greatest ideas on how to spend free time. He had already come up with something a little special for her, but when he went to find her during free time what he saw was shocking. She was sitting outside in the gardens, on a bench with her cat. Everyone knew she had a cat, it was almost always with her. The reason they didn't like it was because it was a black cat with a white face mask, and everyone knew (or at least everyone thought) that black cats were bad luck. But there it was, curling around her boots, purring contentedly. Then a large bird swooped down, a falcon from what it looked like, and landed on her outstretched arm. She stroked it's feathers, muttering to it in soothing tones. "Well hello there Felix, what are you doing way out here" she asked the bird, which Ben guessed was a he . She still hadn't noticed Ben. The bird clicked it's beak and nipped her ear. "Hey" she protested. "No need for that, I was just asking. Good job, not bringing me a dead snake from that little hunting spree of yours. I'm surprised nobody thought I was being murdered, I screamed so loudly." The cat looked up at the bird and hissed. Abby sighed, reached down with her free arm, and scratched behind the cat's ears. "I know, I know." "Look" someone shouted. "Witch girl is talking to her animals again! C'mon everybody, why don't we join her?!" Five or six of the biggest boys and girls stomped over to where Abby was sitting. Abby was tall and slender, not very muscular from what you could see, but pretty strong for her age. "What do you want" she asked crossly. "Hey witch girl, do some magic" one of the kids demanded. Everyone at the temple knew Abby had strange powers, which rarely showed themselves, but people loved to try and force them out of her. "How about no" she snapped. "Everyone knows you can do it! Put on a little magic show!" Their teasing was doing it's work, causing her powers to act up on their own. White steam was leaking from her shoes, frying the ground at her feet. The grass withered. Her cat hissed at the mist, baring it's teeth and backing away, all hairs on end. Felix, the bird, squawked and took to the sky, alighting on a branch a few feet up. Abby sighed and got to her feet, looking frustrated by her lack of control over her powers. "Look, look" one kid cried. "She's doing it! C'mon witch girl! Pull a rabbit out of a hat or something!" "I've already said no" she snarled, but too late. Snapping, crackling, and popping the mist leaking from her shoes began curling along the ground, reaching out for the other kids in tendrils that looked almost like claws and turning midnight black. Abby hissed through her teeth, trying to control it, but it was already clawing at the edges of the kids robes, tearing them to shreds. "Hey, hey, hey" Ben yelled. "Stop it!" He jumped out from where he had been hiding, marching over to where everyone stood. "Cut it out!" Abby's face turned white as paper. She turned and fled. Her animals disappeared as well. Ben realized she thought he was talking to her, when he had actually been talking to the kids who were bullying her. "You stay out of it big ears Ben" one kid growled. "Doesn't matter if you're defending her, you scared her away! We were this close." "Close to what" Ben asked coolly. "Getting her to do something interesting" the kid said. "It might have gotten her in enough trouble to get her kicked out." "Why would you do that?" "Face it kid" the guy said sourly. "Nobody wants witch girl around. Everyone knows the Dark side can give you unnatural powers, and those look pretty much like the Dark side to me. C'mon, we're out of here." He and the others stumped away, grumbling to themselves. Ben looked around, but Abby had disappeared. He sighed and walked back into the temple, making his way to the kitchens. It was right where he had left it. The birthday cupcake was sitting on a shelf, high up where no one but Ben could reach it. He was really tall for his age (and he was fifteen). He reached up and took it down. Just a chocolate cupcake with vanilla icing. He had hoped to bring her into the kitchen and give it to her, but he had no idea where she'd gone. Then it hit him, the place she'd shown him his very first day at the temple, up about ten thousand stairs and a ladder, high up at the very tip of the temple. That was where she had gone. He grinned. It would be better up there, as no one would see. After what he'd heard from the kids that bullied her it would be even worse if he was caught being nice to her in any way. He left the kitchen, tracing the route he remembered almost perfectly, pulling down the trapdoor and climbing the ladder up to the rooftop where, just as he'd guessed, Abby was sitting. Abby sat on the roof with her knees pulled up to her chest, head on her knees, quiet tears streaming from her eyes. Once again she had lost control, once again she had used her powers against all laws of right and wrong. But she had to wait until five o'clock to contact Snoke, he had promised to call her the minute she turned thirteen. The only reason the exact time and date mattered was because, in Ancient Greece, girls turned into adults at the age of thirteen (or whenever they hit puberty, but thirteen was the usual age either way). Kronos had spent a lot of his time observing the Greeks, learning the traditions that the gods had started, learning from the mistakes they made. He had developed a way of thinking sort of similar to the Ancient Greek kings, which was (to Abby) either really good or really bad. Abby heard the creaking of the ladder beneath the trapdoor. "Go away" she snapped, not caring who it was. "Abby" a voice behind her said. It was Ben. This just made her madder. "I said go away" she snarled, not turning to look at him, her tone growing more dangerous. "I wasn't yelling at you" Ben objected. "I was yelling at the jerks who were trying to get you kicked out for doing magic." "I might have strangled them, I'm that dangerous" Abby said, trying to warn him she wasn't in the mood. "Accidentally, of course." "But you didn't " Ben said. "Don't try to get me to go away, it won't work." To prove his point he sat down next to her. Abby rubbed her eyes with her palms, but tear tracks still showed on her face. "Thanks" she grumbled unwillingly. She noticed he was holding something, wrapped in a napkin. "What's that?" "Well" he began. "A little birdie told me that it was somebody's..........birthday." "A little birdie, huh" she repeated. "Gotcha. Who's birthday?" "Yours" Ben said shyly. Abby narrowed her eyes. He was definitely blushing. Why was he blushing? “Oh Ben, what have you done” she asked. He lifted up the little bundle of napkins and carefully unwrapped a slightly squashed cupcake. “Sorry” he said. “It was kind of hard to hold onto it and climb all the way up.” “Why didn’t you just use the Force” Abby asked, but there was some lightheartedness to her voice that hadn’t been there before. Ben shrugged, making a face at her. “That’s not how the Force works” he said, but now they were just teasing each other instead of fighting. Abby gave a small laugh. He grinned, enjoying that he made her laugh for once. He handed her the cupcake. She broke it in half and shared it with him. They ate it with their fingers, shaded from the late afternoon sun by a stretch of roof. Abby finished her piece quickly. “You, uhh” Ben muttered, noticing a smudge of icing just beyond the corner of her mouth. “I what” she asked. “You’ve got some….here” he tried again, reaching up to her face and wiping it off. “Oh” she said quietly. His hand didn’t move from where it rested on her cheek. “Ben, what” she began. He looked away from her, not able to work up the nerve to kiss her. But his hand didn’t move. Suddenly he acted without thinking. He turned back to her, leaning close to her face and pressing his lips against hers. Her eyes widened to about the size of quarters in surprise. She responded, kissing him back, but, all of a sudden, she pulled away. “Ben, what, we shouldn’t-“ “I’m sorry” he said, staring down at his lap. Abby, to his surprise, looked near tears again. “Just don’t” she cried. “Please, don’t fall in love with me!” “Why not” Ben asked. “You saw me, I’ll hurt you” she fretted, her distress clear now. “Thank you for defending me. Thank you for remembering my birthday. But please, for your own good, don’t fall in love with me. It’s almost five o’clock. I have to go.” She ran for the ladder and practically jumped down, hurrying down the flights of stairs to Force-knew-where. Ben was left on the roof, with the last few bits of birthday cupcake, an empty napkin, and the taste of her lips still lingering on his. Chapter 4 : Birthday Wishes Snoke's hologram was already sitting out when Abby hurtled into the room, he had planned to surprise her. "Happy birthday my dear" he said automatically, for the moment overlooking the expression of absolute horror on her face. "Ben" she panted, like she'd ran all the way there. She slammed and locked the door behind her. "Ben, Ben who" Snoke inquired. "Ben, the Jedi, on the roof-" "Just spit it out" Snoke demanded. "Who is this Ben ?" "Ben Solo." "The smugglers son? What about him?" Snoke was starting to read Abby's face and emotions, starting to realize exactly how upset she was. "Did he do something to you?" "Yes" Abby said immediately. Then she went back on her words. "Well, you could say he didn't do anything to me, he actually helped me, it's what he did after he helped me-" "Here" Snoke offered, realizing she could hardly think. "Sit. Calm your mind for a moment. Then tell me exactly what happened." "Oh, where do I start" she moaned. "I just need you to listen, please, just listen, I need your help. And don't freak out. Definitely don't do that" she added, as an afterthought. "Speak your thought my dear" Snoke said patiently. “Okay” she sighed, taking a deep breath. “Earlier kids were bullying me, trying to get me to do magic. They almost succeeded but Ben Solo stopped them.” "I should have known, he thinks you can't take care of yourself" Snoke grumbled. "Don’t get too worked up now, and don’t worry, it gets worse” Abby assured him. “I left, but he came after me. He remembered my birthday and brought me a cupcake.” “What did you do, you better not have blown your cover” Snoke demanded. “Don’t worry, I played along, we shared the cupcake. This is the part I don’t want you to freak out over.” “What did you do?!” “It’s not what I did, it’s what he did” Abby said. She took a shallow breath. “I had a little bit of icing on my face, so he reaches over and wipes it off, right?” “Right” Snoke said, his tone turning dangerous. “What did you do then?” “Like I said before, I didn’t do this, Ben Solo did. He looked away from me, but his hand was still on my face.” “Get past the storytelling and tell me what he did” Snoke demanded. Abby gulped, taking another deep breath. “Please don’t freak out” she begged. Snoke crossed his arms, nodding stiffly. “He kissed me.” “HE DID WHAT?!” “I said please don’t freak out” Abby cried. Snoke still looked so angry anyone who hadn’t known him as long as Abby had would have run away screaming, but he stopped yelling. “What did you do in reaction to this……. kiss ” he said. His tone was so icy Abby was a little fearful of him, for the first time in a long time. “I left” Abby said. “And I came straight back here.” “The Jedi fell in love with you” Snoke repeated. “The Jedi fell in love with you .” "That's why I'm so upset, I don't know what to do." “This is a problem” Snoke muttered. “A serious problem. Today is your thirteenth birthday. And do you know what happens to thirteen-year-old girls in our homeland of Greece?” “Thirteen is the age of passage from childhood to adulthood” Abby said. “So it’s really ironic that this happened on my thirteenth birthday. So what?” “The irony does not escape me. But, you asked so what . So I don’t know what you’ll do, I don’t know how to prevent it from happening again” Snoke said angrily. “Can’t you just trust me” Abby asked. “I trust you very much” Snoke assured her. “But, on the other hand, I do not trust those who you reside with, Luke Skywalker and Ben Solo. Ben Solo is a Skywalker. You know Skywalkers are almost as bad as the gods when it comes to what they want romantically.” “Ben Solo is a human” Abby said defensively. “If I have to use my magic I will, and I’ll deal with people calling me witch girl for it.” “Yes you will” Snoke said coldly. “It is five o’clock. I suppose I must trust you now, but since you are also part-human, you are not an adult yet. You have handled this well, and I give you credit for that. This is a problem, as removing you from the Jedi temple will spoil most of my plans on how we defeat the Jedi, so I suppose I must trust you. If he does this again I give you permission to do whatever necessary to shut him down.” This was important, as before Abby had been forbidden from using her magic to be directly aggressive towards others, just so she didn’t blow her cover. Now Snoke had given her permission to unleash her full fury on Ben Solo, should be provoke her. But this didn’t excite her. She lowered her head. “What is wrong” Snoke asked, sensing a rapid change in her emotion. “I don’t want to-“ She caught herself. “Never mind. Of course father. Thank you.” “What do you not want?” “I don’t want to look like a demon. Fine, I’ll shut him down if he advances on me, but I won’t permanently harm him. Aren’t I going to kill them all later? I can’t blow my cover.” “I understand” Snoke agreed, but inside he was wondering if Abby was as against the idea of the Solo boy’s love then she seemed to be. “If that is all you think is necessary then that is all you need to do. Happy birthday my dear.” Ben found Abby at evening meal. She was sitting alone in a corner of the dining hall, picking at her meal, looking dejected. She looked around the hall, scanning for threats. Ben swallowed, then gathered his courage and walked up to her. "Uhh, hi Abby" he said, not meeting her eyes. "Ben" she said coldly. "What's up?" "I just wanted to........." He cleared his throat. "Apologize. I shouldn't have done something like that. It's not the Jedi way." Abby nodded. Then someone scurried up behind Ben. "Ben" a voice squeaked. Abby's eyes fell on Rey and her gaze softened. "Hi Rey" she said gently. "Want to come and sit?" Ben's five-year-old cousin Rey nodded and scrambled up onto a chair beside Abby. Abby jerked her head towards the chair next to Rey, silently offering Ben to come and sit with them as well. He grinned and sat in the vacant chair. " Psst, Rey " he whispered in his cousins ear. " Today is a special day. It's Abby's birthday. What do you say when it's somebody's birthday? " Rey understood and gave Abby a huge hug. "Happy birthday Abby" she squealed happily. Abby's face turned pink. "Thank you Rey" she said a bit stiffly, but her smile was warm. "Do you have a birthday wish" Rey asked. "A birthday what now" Abby repeated, confused. "A birthday wish" Rey said. "When you blow out the candles on your cake and make a wish. Do you have a cake?" "No" Abby admitted. "Ben got me a cupcake earlier, but it had no candles and we ate it. Do you have to have candles to make a wish?" "Of course not" Rey said. "But you can't tell anybody your wish, or it won't come true. Close your eyes" she ordered, placing her small palms over Abby's eyes. Abby shut her honey-gold eyes, grinning. "Now make a wish" Rey said. There was about ten seconds of silence in their corner. Then Abby's eyes snapped open. "I made my wish" she said. "You can't tell" Rey reminded her. "Don't worry" Abby replied, rather darkly. "I won't." Chapter 5 : Fear And The Dark Side Summary: Filler! Ben was on the floor. He had absolutely no idea how he'd got there. One minute he was sparring and then BAM , his head smacked against the training mat as he hit the ground hard. Master Luke swept over to where they were standing. Well, Abby was standing. He was on the ground. "Abby, I said disarm , not defeat" he exclaimed, helping Ben to his feet. "I'm fine Master" he objected, because he really was. Abby shut her lightsaber off, looking sheepish. "My apologies Master" she said quietly. "Where did you learn to do that" Master Luke asked. "I've never taught you that sort of fighting." "Oh, that" she asked. Her chest was heaving and her face was flushed. She scratched the back of her head. "What about it?" "Where did you learn it" Luke inquired. "Oh, I dunno, picked it up someplace" she said dismissively. Ben got the feeling she was hiding something, but he knew Master Luke would get no answers from her. "I think we're fine Master" he said. "Why don't I have a go with the disarming?" "That'll be fine" Luke acknowledged, and he left to assist the other students. Ben glanced at Abby. The nineteen-year-old girl shuffled from foot to foot nervously. "Well" he said. "Do you even know what form that was?" "No, not really" Abby said. "Why don't we start?" She raised her lightsaber. Ben performed the move they had been assigned to practice, disarming her and knocking her lightsaber away. "Good job" she acknowledged. "Anyway" Ben began carefully, picking her lightsaber up off the floor. He pocketed it, ignoring her outstretched hand. "Ben? My lightsaber please" she asked. "Wait a minute" he muttered, pulling her into a corner, out of sight from the rest of the room. "I want to know where you learned that and who you learned that from, because those kids were right." "About what, exactly" Abby asked. "They were right that the Dark side gives you unnatural powers" he said, almost in whispers. "It's not like I suspect you or anything, but I was just wondering where you get those powers, how you know things the rest of the academy doesn't." Abby's eyes flickered around the room. The look on her face.....a caged animal. Desperate for an escape. Grasping for any way out of a tricky situation. "I was just asking" he rephrased. "Could I learn those powers?" Abby focused on him again. "Not from a Jedi." "I'm raising suspicion" Abby grumbled, walking along the edge of the lake. She wasn't on the roof, as Ben would no doubt find her there. "I'm blowing my cover, and what will father think?" She looked down at her cat, who was by her side, like always. Her bird was perched on her shoulder. Crystal mewled, as if to say not my problem . "I don't understand why I keep you" Abby said, rolling her eyes at the sky. "What about you Felix? Got any words for me?" Her only answer was the thing dangling from Felix's beak. A dead snake. Abby screamed and flailed, knocking the bird off her shoulder and nearly stepping on her cat. She tripped and fell into the gravel, scrambling backwards and scraping the palms of her hands. Once she seemed to have controlled her heart rate she turned to glare at the bird. "What" she snarled. "Did I tell you about bringing back dead snakes? I hate the things, go eat it somewhere else." Felix spread his wings and took to the sky, his beady eyes fixed on Abby with a look of disapproval. "Hmph" Abby grumbled. "Thinks he's so high and mighty. Cm'ere Crystal." Crystal curled up on Abby's lap, purring contentedly as Abby stroked her black fur. "Oh, now I remember why I keep you" Abby exclaimed. "Because you're so darn cute and fluffy!" "Abby" Rey asked, bobbing along at Abby's heels. "Yes Rey" Abby sighed, glancing back at the eleven-year-old girl. "Do you like Ben?" "Do I what now?" "Do you like Ben, you heard me" Rey demanded. "Now answer." "What do you mean, like " Abby asked carefully. "I mean, he likes you, for sure" Rey said. "And I thought you two were friends!" "We are" Abby mumbled. "Yeah, you two hang out all the time" Rey continued. "And then another kid told me that Ben liked you, but I didn't believe it until I saw him, you won't believe what he was doing!" "No, I won't" Abby muttered, but Rey didn't hear. "Okay, so, this other girl, she asked him out" Rey said. "And, you won't believe this, he said no! " "Why am I not surprised" Abby said. "What was this girls name?" "Oh, I dunno" Rey said cheerfully. "But now everyone thinks that Ben is going out with you, or at least has a crush on you!" "Oh joy" Abby grumbled. "Because I need more rumors about me flying around this place." "Don't worry, Ben will probably ask you out and it won't be a rumor anymore" Rey assured her. Abby rolled her eyes at the ceiling, giving a long sigh of annoyance. "Look" she said kindly. "Rey, I don't know." "Don't know what" Rey asked. Abby stopped dead in the empty hall, turning around to look at the girl. "I don't know if I can go out with Ben." "Do you like him?" "That depends" Abby said. "But, for now, let's not go around spreading rumors, shall we?" "Yeah, I guess" Rey admitted. "Sorry for bothering you." She lowered her head. "It's alright Rey" Abby assured her. "But can you do me a favor? Tell me what the girls name was." "It was Niki" Rey said. "Niki, huh" Abby said. "Good, thanks Rey." Rey scampered off. Abby's face fell into a scowl and she held up her hands. The power that she had always held back began to flow through her like blood, collecting in her hands. The mist glowed, showing the scene that Rey had illustrated. Abby glared down at the girl who had asked Ben out. "Time for the warm-up round" she whispered darkly, before turning and hurrying to her room before anyone saw her. Chapter 6 : Their World Falls Apart It was the screaming that woke him up. The tortured, terrified screams, and Ben woke to realize that people were dying. There was an attack going on. And he had to do something. He jumped up, snatching his lightsaber off his desk and creeping towards the door. For all he knew there could be someone positioned outside the door to kill him the moment he left. But he sensed no one in the immediate area. So, very stealthily, he pushed open the door and crept out of his room. The hallway beyond was empty, but it had been trashed. Lightsaber marks, bloodstains, and torn clothing were scattered along it. Two names reached his mind. Rey and Abby. He had to see if they were okay. Abby's room was closest, so he took off running, lightsaber clenched in his sweaty palm. He reached the door of her room and knocked, for he wasn't supposed to enter a girls room without permission from the occupant. There was no answer from inside. "Abby, are you there" he asked, knocking again. Nothing. "Abby, seriously, are you okay?!" He began to sound more worried. "Abby! Please, answer me! This is serious, we're in danger!" Abby still refused to answer him. "I'm not supposed to do this" he said. "But I have to. Not even you can sleep through all of this." He took out his lightsaber and slashed at the controls of the door, unlocking and opening it. Her room looked like a horror movie scene. Everything was destroyed. Her desk and carpet and bed and closet had all been slashed by a lightsaber. Blood was spattered along the walls and ceiling. Pages of her favorite books were strewn across the floor. Ben's breath hitched in his throat. Until then he had denied exactly how deeply he had fallen in love with her, but now that she was as good as dead the full weight of his love for her came crashing down on him like a wave. " No " he whispered. "ABBY, NO!" He couldn't look at the scene anymore, so he turned and ran out of the room. He nearly ran Rey over in his rush to get away. "BEN" Rey screamed. "THEY'RE KILLING EVERYONE, WE HAVE TO STOP THEM!!" "Rey" Ben said. "Rey, they killed her. They killed Abby Grace." "Oh Ben" Rey said, immediately sympathizing for him. "I'm so sorry. But we can save so many more, we have to hurry!" "Let's go up to the roof, see what's going on" Ben offered, in the slim hope Abby would be there. Rey understood this, but didn't argue. They ran up the stairs, climbed the ladder, and jumped onto the roof. It was pouring down rain, and screams still echoed throughout the temple walls and grounds. Master Luke had gone to visit Leia and the senate, he had been gone for three days by then. No one was on the roof. But Ben felt a presence through the Force, familiar but so alien he couldn't determine who it was. Then he felt a puff of breath at his ear. He whipped around, but no one was there. "Who's there" he asked. Rey looked at him like he was crazy. "No one's here Ben" she said. "No, I can sense it, can't you-" He was cut off by another voice. "Lady Shade says hello " it said cheerfully, then he heard the bleep of a detonator. Rey seemed to hear it too, but they were alone on the roof. And then.......... BOOM! Ben was thrown clear off the roof, heat searing his body as explosions destroyed every last inch of the Jedi temple. He managed to choke out one last scream. "NO!" Then he blacked out. Ben woke up in a medical bay. Concerned faces were hovering over him, but they were blurred. "Ben" said a voice. "Ben, can you hear me?" His mothers voice. Ben blinked, allowing the images above him to come into clearer focus. His mother and Master Luke were sitting by his bed. "What happened" he choked out. "There was an attack" Luke said sadly. "No one but yourself survived." "What" Ben exclaimed. "What about Rey? All the younglings? Abby? They're all dead?!" "We never found a trace of Rey, nor Abby" Luke said, his voice heavy with pain. Ben forced himself to sit up. "Everyone" he whispered, not daring to believe it. "Everyone is dead, I'm the only one left?" "I'm sorry Ben" Leia said sadly. "We found you there, in the mud, for a second there I thought......" She couldn't finish the sentence, so instead she embraced her son. "I'm so glad you're safe." "Okay" Ben said. "And, mom, ribs slightly crushed." Leia relinquished her hug. "What now" he asked them. The Skywalker twins glanced at each other, and Ben realized something else was going on. "Also, what are you not telling me" he demanded. "Your training is almost complete" Luke said. "I will complete it, but then-" "Luke, we've discussed this" Leia said. "You can't go off on some crazy crusade the minute we really need you." "That sounds like something Han would say more then you, did he put it into your head" Luke asked. Both Ben and Leia flinched. Luke looked down. "I'm sorry" he muttered. "It's alright, but with all of this going on is it really-" "I know what I'm doing Leia" Luke said. "The first Jedi temple is the perfect place to restart, and since you'll have Ben he'll be able to fight against Lady Shade!" "Lady who" Ben asked. Leia sighed. "Well, while all this has been going on, in the senate there's another threat. The First Order. Their leaders are a man named Supreme Leader Snoke and his daughter, Lady Shade. Lady Shade is extremely powerful in the Dark side, and she very well may have orchestrated this attack on the temple. We don't know much about them aside from that, but we have to stop them. With almost every single Jedi now extinct the chances are slim, but we have to try." "Hold on" Ben said. "Don't think I'm crazy, okay?" "What about" Luke asked. "Before the explosion I heard a voice" he said. "It was sort of familiar, but I think it was this Lady Shade you guys are talking about. They were speaking about her in third person, I don't know what that's about." "What did the voice say" Leia asked. "They just said Lady Shade says hello , and set off the detonator" Ben informed her. "I can't make two cents out of it." "Strange" Luke admitted. "I've never heard of something like that. How are you feeling?" "I'm not crazy, Rey heard it too" Ben objected. "She'll tell you-Oh. I'm sorry Master." For the moment he had forgotten Rey was gone, half expected to look over and see his smiling cousin at his bedside as well. Luke was no doubt mourning the death of his daughter, and Ben was being very insensitive about it. "I was just saying that I heard it." "I meant" Luke said. "That I was wondering if you were feeling well enough to resume training. We must start as soon as possible." Ben looked at his mother, who nodded. "Yes" he said. "I am." "Very good" Luke said, getting up. "I'll see you in a few minutes, I believe Leia wants a word with you." Ben swung his legs off the bed, sitting on the side so he was face-to-face with his mother. "Ben" Leia said. "We all lost a lot to that attack." "What are you talking about?" "I just wanted to say that I'm sorry about Abby" Leia said. "What do you mean" Ben asked. "I know she was your......best friend" Leia said, but her face brightened with just the hint of a smile. Ben's face grew warm. "And Rey" Leia added. "But remember, we can fix this. We can stop Lady Shade and the First Order. We may not be able to bring them back, but we can finish what they started. We can complete what they died for." "Yes" Ben said. "We can and we will." Leia smiled. "And don't forget" Leia added. "I'm proud of you." Ben braced himself, then said, "What about dad?" "I'm sure he'll show up" Leia said. Ben's face darkened. "Does he even care" he asked. "I'm sure he does" Leia assured him. "I'll talk to him, I promise. I know he doesn't like the idea of you being a Jedi, but don't forget that I'm proud of you. My only son, a Jedi? That's good enough, no matter what anyone else says." She hugged him. Ben put his arms around his mother. "Thanks mom" he said. Leia kissed him on the cheek. "Now go" she said, letting go of him. "Luke is waiting for you." Ben got up and left, leaving his mother sitting by the empty medbay bed, a single tear running down her cheek. Chapter 7 : Return For The Send-Off Summary: Filler! For anyone who doesn't know, when Han and Leia aren't in love, they're fighting. That's the old joke. Also, let me explain something. Everyone can tell that Han wasn't father-of-the-year, but if he tries to redeem himself, that's one more reason for Ben to remain on the Light. Luke was preparing to leave. He said he was looking for the very first Jedi temple, but Ben and Leia also had a sneaking suspicion that he was keeping an eye out for Rey. He really did miss his daughter, and though everyone thought she was dead he still kept watch. Ben had completed his training, and was now a Jedi Knight. "Remember" Luke said. "Keep an eye out for Lady Shade." Over the past year or so they had spent training they had both learned a bit more about Lady Shade, as far as physical appearances go. She always kept her face hidden with a dark hooded cape, and anyone who saw her true face didn't live long enough to tell. Pretty much, if you saw her face, you might as well kick the bucket right then and there, because you were doomed. She was vicious and angry and, in one year, had practically toppled the senate-with the help of her father of course. Only the newly created Galactic Resistance was keeping her at bay, but everyone knew they wouldn't last long. Now Master Luke, one of the last Jedi, was leaving, and behind him was only one new Jedi and a handful of Resistance members fighting against the quickly growing First Order. "I will Master" Ben said. "Luke, are you sure" Leia begged. She didn't want her brother to go. Not only could he help the Resistance, but a lone Jedi would be an easier target for Lady Shade to pick off. "I'm sure Leia" he said. "Don't worry about me." Then, from behind them, there was a roar of ships engines. A large freighter was putting down on the landing pad nearby where Luke, Leia, and Ben were saying their good-byes. "Who could that be" Leia asked aloud. Luke and Ben glanced at each other, then all three of them drew closer. From inside the ship there was a strange sound, a roar. "Yes, I'm sure about this!" That voice was all too familiar. Ben, Luke, and Leia exchanged glances, smiles slowly crossing their faces. Leia put her arm out to stop Ben and Luke from going forward, then stepped in front of them, arms crossed. Han Solo and Chewbacca came walking off the the strange freighter-it wasn't the Millennium Falcon. "You're late" Leia said severely. Han wouldn't meet anyone's eyes, especially not Leia's or Ben's. "We were looking for the Falcon, it got stolen-" he began, but Leia cut him off with a small shake of her head, like, no excuses . Chewbacca nudged his shoulder, shoving him forward. "Hey" he muttered. Then Leia hugged him. "Nice to see you" she said unwillingly. "Nice to see you too" Han said, just as unwillingly, but they were both smiling, like it was an old joke. "Nerf herder" Leia muttered. "Your highness" Han said. Leia let him go. "I think you owe someone else an apology" Leia said. Han walked up to Ben. Ben was just about the same height as him, give or take a few inches. Han stared at his son. "I'm sorry" he said. Ben shook his head. "Did you really lose the Falcon" he asked. Han looked taken aback, like he expected his son to angry with him. "Yeah" he said slowly. Ben grinned. "Maybe Luke will have to keep an eye out for that too" he said. "What do you mean" Han asked. "Luke" Leia said disapprovingly. "Has chosen to leave in search of the first Jedi temple." Luke sighed. "Hey kid" Han said. "You know that's crazy, right?" "Yeah" Luke said. "Good. As long as you know it's crazy..." Han grinned, a little bit of adventurous spirit kindling in his eyes. "And if you want to keep an eye out for the Falcon, I'm sure Chewie won't mind. He misses it." Chewbacca roared and shook his head. He walked forward and gave Ben a huge hug, growling. "Hi Chewie" Ben said. "Yeah, yeah, I missed you too." Chewie ruffled his hair before letting him go. Luke cleared his throat. "Alright" he said. "It's time for me to go." "Luke" Leia said again. "No Leia" Luke said. "I have to go." "Alright" Leia relented. "Don't hurt yourself." "I won't" Luke promised. Leia hugged him and Han shook his hand. Chewbacca hugged him as well. "And Ben" Luke said. "Remember what I taught you. You're going to need it." The way Luke said this made Ben think Luke knew something he didn't, but before he said anything Luke was walking onto his ship and taking off. "What was he talking about" Han asked. "I'm a Jedi" Ben said. "He completed my training. Now all I have to do is defeat Lady Shade and Snoke. Easy." "Those two" Han said. "That sounds crazy, and this time that's no joke. They're both insane. I almost ran into Lady Shade once, it wasn't pretty." "Did you hear anything" Leia asked. "Nothing much. Just some stuff about a secret weapon, this weird Triumvirate Holdings thing, and a lot of going on in a different language." "How did you overhear all that" Leia exclaimed. "And not get caught?!" "Chewie wasn't with me" Han joked. Chewie nudged him again. "She seemed really mad about something, going on and on about gods and ties between the worlds and other crazy stuff I couldn't make two cents out of" Han admitted. "Probably was so distracted she just didn't notice us. But we decided to leave before she did, she was going to hit us, swinging her lightsaber all over the place." "Wait" Ben said. "Hold on just a minute. You didn't see her face, did you?" "No" Han said. "Why?" "I don't know, I just have a feeling that there's a reason she hides her face. I feel like I should know her from somewhere, I just need proof............" "Lets go inside" Leia announced suddenly. "We'll talk more there." Chapter 8 : Rumors Summary: Just a quick note, Han is still looking for the Falcon, and in the meantime he kind of lets Ben tag along, giving him a ride around when he needs to do this or that as a Jedi. Rey and Finn cowered underneath the metal floor grate, Rey's nimble fingers hurrying to destroy the work she had done only minutes before. Their gas masks were slapped over their mouths, and the masks stifled the sound of their heavy breathing. Then there was a hiss as the door opened. Voices sounded above them. "Chewie, we're home." Footsteps came clunking down the hall of the Falcon . From what Rey could hear, three people. "Over there" said another, deep voice. "Under the grate, two people and a droid." Rey and Finn froze. The grate was lifted up and three faces appeared above them. "Where are the others" said an older man. "Where's the pilot?" "I'm the pilot" Rey cried, finding her voice. "We're the only ones on board." She glanced at the other two people. A man of about twenty-nine with a pale, angular face, a mop of raven-black hair, and dark brown eyes. He was wearing long brown robes. And next to him was wookiee, huge and hairy, holding up the floor grate. She returned her attention to the young man. "What are you doing" he asked. "Is there poison in here?" "No" Rey said, taking the gas mask off. "We were, kind of, trying to poison you, thought you were the First Order." "Well, we're not" the man said. "C'mon out." He extended a hand down to her. She took it and allowed him to help her up. Then she reached down for BB-8 and Finn. "That droid" the man exclaimed. "BB-8?" BB-8 whirred. The man nodded. "Hey, dad" he said. "I think we found the droid." "Great" the older man said. "Right back at it with the droids carrying secret information." "We've got to get BB-8 to the Resistance." "You're with the Resistance" Rey said. "And Finn-" Finn shook his head very fast. "Chewie" the older man said. "Put 'em in a pod, we'll drop them at the nearest inhabited planet." "Wait" the young man exclaimed. He caught Rey's shoulder and pulled her around, staring at her. "Rey?!" "How do you know my name" Rey asked, trying to wriggle out of his grip. "Don't anybody move" the man commanded. Everyone froze at his order. He stared at Rey for a few more seconds. Rey noticed the sensation trickling through her, that she should know these three people, this man in particular. "Rey" the man shouted. "It IS you!!" He looked so excited that Rey wanted to understand. "I don't understand" she said. "Who are you?!" "I'm Ben, Ben Solo, your cousin-........why don't you remember me" Ben said, but his excitement faded as soon as he noticed Rey's confused look. "I don't remember anything since my mom dropped me off on Jakku" Rey said. "That's ridiculous, your mother died years and years ago" Ben said. "You don't remember any of us? Luke? Han? Chewie even?" "Ben" Han said. "I doubt she's faking amnesia. Kind of hard to fake, isn't it?" "I'm sure it's her" Ben said. "That means, oh boy will Master Luke be happy." "Who's Master Luke" Rey asked. "Your father" Ben said. "Luke Skywalker." "What" Rey said. She looked at Finn for help. He shrugged, shrinking away from Ben. "And who's that" Ben said. "Your boyfriend?" "NO" Rey exclaimed, jumping away from him. "Honestly, why does everyone assume I have a boyfriend?" Ben shrugged too. "Whatever" he said. "Well, this is my dad, Han Solo, and Chewbacca." "Alright Ben, alright" Han said. "You want to take them back to the base, fine, but I have a few questions. Where did you find this ship?" "Niima Outpost on Jakku" Rey said. "Jakku? That junkyard" Han exclaimed. "Thank you" Finn said. He leaned over to Rey and repeated "Junkyard." "Told you we should have double-checked the Western regions" Han muttered to Chewie. "And have you take even longer to get back, I don't think so" Ben said angrily. Han rolled his eyes. "Who had it" he asked Rey. "Dukaine?" "I stole it from Unkar Plutt" Rey told him. "He stole it from the Irving Boys who stole it from Dukaine." "Who stole it from me" Han said. "You said you lost it" Ben exclaimed. "Well you tell 'em that Han Solo just stole back the Millennium Falcon, for good" Han said, ignoring Ben's exclamation. "This is the Millennium Falcon" Rey repeated. "And you're the Han Solo?" "What other Han Solo's do you know" Han asked. "This is the ship that made the Kessel Run in fourteen parsecs" Rey said. "Twelve" said Ben and Han together. Han turned around and walked into the cockpit, leaving everyone else in the main hold. "Han Solo, the Rebellion General" Finn said. "No, the smuggler" Rey corrected. "Rebellion General" Ben said. "Okay enough about dad" he said, lowering his voice so Han wouldn't hear. "You're Rey, I know it. You're my cousin, c'mon, you've got to remember." "I can't" Rey said quietly. "I've told you already, I was dropped off on Jakku by my mother and have lived there ever since. Until now, and I've got to get back now that BB-8's in good hands." "No" Ben said, so sharply that Finn flinched. "You've got to come back, we need you Rey. Your father Luke Skywalker, he's the one everyone's looking for, once he hears you're alive he'll come home!" "But" Rey said. "And that's not all" Ben continued. "Lady Shade will come after you, she kills Jedi. She's the one who destroyed the Jedi temple. Hundreds of Jedi died in the attack. Luke and I were the only one's who survived, but apparently you did too." "You talk about it like someone important died in that attack" Finn pointed out. Ben fixed him with a stare like you should not have brought that up . "And I've had six years to get over it, so never mind" he said. "Who exactly is this Lady Shade " Rey asked. If it was possible for Finn to look more terrified, he did. "The leader of the First Order" he said, almost in whispers. "She's terrifying. I'm so glad to be away from her...." He shuddered. "She sure has a reputation" Ben said. "Or is it the trail of mangled corpses that is left wherever she goes?" "Don't say that" Finn said. "She's almost always listening. And she'll use her powers, torture us! I've seen her do it!" "That's ridiculous Finn" Rey scoffed, but Ben looked horrified. "I've heard of that" he said quietly. "We have to get b-" There was a creaking crash and the ship rocked. "What was that" barked Han's voice. "I'll check" Ben said. "Follow me" he said, gesturing for Rey and Finn to follow him off the Falcon . Chapter 9 : Do We Have A Deal? Ben knelt down in front of the old box, placing his hands on the container and opening it. There, among other things, was the Skywalker lightsaber. He recognized it, it was obvious. Then, tentatively, he reached into the box and picked up the weapon. And nothing happened. Suddenly a voice cut through the silence. Ben. There was no mistaking that voice. Ben! Find me Ben, I'm waiting for you! "Abby" he said aloud. "Where are you?" I've been hiding in plain sight all this time. Go to the wood! "What do you mean?" I mean, leave that castle. The woods Ben, the woods. C'mon, you know what I'm talking about. Go, quickly, quickly! Ben stood, clipping the lightsaber to his belt and rushing out of the castle. He suddenly realized what she meant. She loved culture from her homeworld, and sometimes she would find a musical that she really loved, such as Into the Woods. She was always referencing them, it was one of their ties, the inside jokes. Go to the wood was one of them, but Ben had forgotten. He walked for about ten minutes, then he heard the screams of TIE fighters and the roars of a much larger ships engine. His stomach dropped and he turned around to see First Order ships swarming Maz Kanata's castle. A shuttle landed and a hooded figure walked off. Ice shivered down his spine. He had learned to recognize the appearance of Lady Shade, despite the fact that he'd never seen her face. Instead of going into the castle (which was probably a good call, as the castle was rapidly being destroyed) she turned her face towards the woods and began to walk there at a fast clip. Ben turned and began to hurry through the woods, wanting to lead her away from Rey and the rest of his friends. Then he made the mistake of looking back. Lady Shade had simply dissolved into black smoke, and this was tearing through the woods, easily catching him. It cut him off, and Lady Shade stepped out of it. "I've been waiting a long time for this, Jedi " she snarled. "What do you want" he asked, reaching for his lightsaber. She raised her hand, freezing him in place. "The map to Skywalker. You've seen it. And now you'll give it to me." "Not a chance Little Miss Hoodie" he said, teasing her. To his surprise her reaction was similar to one he'd seen before. She tilted her head, her lips (which was all he could see of her face) twisting in a thin smile. "Not bad" she said. "Not bad at all. But you can't fight me. Couldn't fight me then, can't fight me now." "When have I ever fought you, I've been lucky enough not to come into contact with you" Ben said coldly. "Oh, but you have" she said. "You know me, you were quite.......taken with me, if I do recall." "Taken with you, what does that mean" Ben asked. "Perhaps I can improve your memory" she said. She reached up, pulling back her hood. Long brown hair fell to her elbows. Freckles dotted her pale face and perfect white teeth showed through her grin. Dark red lipstick ran across her lips and her long nails were painted the color of fresh blood. Her eyes shone with power, still sparkling that honey-gold, reflective color. He suddenly realized who he was looking at. Abby Grace, the girl he had loved so much when he was a boy. She had grown into quite a good-looking young woman, and was probably about twenty-seven years old, just two years younger than him. "Abby" he whispered. "Master Solo" she said. "I see you have become a Jedi master thanks to that pathetic Luke Skywalker. But we're all looking for him now, aren't we?" "But, Abby-" "Don't even go there" she snarled. "I'm not here to chat. I'm here for a reason. The last Jedi must be destroyed. Curse my soft heart, tossing the scavenger on that junk planet." " You're the one who left Rey. And you made her think you were her mother" Ben cried, disgusted. "I took her memories" Abby said. "But I will give them back. How about a trade? Her memories......for the map? I know you care about your little cousin....." Her voice trailed off with a cold, bitter edge. "More then I care about you" Ben filled in. She took a step closer, her leather boot crushing twigs with a snap. "Since when" she said coldly. "Did I care about the way you feel about me, positive or negative." "You put on a pretty good show of caring" Ben said. "I happen to be gifted as an expert actress" Abby commented. "Maybe that's where your obsession with musicals came from" Ben said under his breath. "Moving on" she said crisply, beginning to circle him. She had always subtly reminded him of a bird of prey, and now she looked especially like one, with the dark circles under her eyes and her vicious gaze. Despite the fact that he was about a head taller then her he was still intimidated. She had an aura of quiet power that would buzz to the surface when she got angry, spitting and hissing like an angry cat. Her long black cloak billowed around her, making her seem to take up more space, blocking out the green of the forest. Ice-cold fear trickled down his neck. If he didn't give her what she wanted there was no telling what she would do. Killing him was high on the list of possibilities, then attacking Rey and Han and the rest. "So" she asked. "Do we have a deal? Your dear little cousins memories......for the map." Abby held out her hand, palm up. "You don't have to say anything" she said. "Just hold out your hand, same as me. Then I'll let you go, cause I'm feeling generous today." "Why would you do that" Ben asked. "Don't test me Jedi" she growled, her eyes flickering with gold fire. "Do we have a deal?" Ben's fingers itched to hold up his hand. He wanted Rey's memories, but he also wanted his friend Abby back. "Abby" he said, getting up his courage. "You aren't like this, you're better, you're-" "A bullied damsel-in-distress" Abby finished. "Is that who I am?" Something in her tone prompted Ben to give a nervous; "Yes?" "Wrong answer" she sang, bringing out her lightsaber with her left hand, right palm still outstretched. "Try again." Ben flinched. "No" he said. "That's what I thought" she said darkly. "What do you think this is, a game?" "No" he said again. "Good" Abby said with a wicked smile. "Cause I don't play games......unless the stakes are high. Now, we can do this the easy way-go on, all you have to do is hold up your hand-or the hard way. Believe me, you won't like the hard way." Suddenly Ben realized he could move his right hand. His hand darted to his lightsaber, making a wild swing at Lady Shade. She flicked her hand and he flew backwards into a tree. "Hard way it is" she said, but she didn't look at all disappointed. She walked over to him, and his last image was of the tips of her fingers brushing his eyelids closed. "Nighty-night" he heard her say cheerfully, then he blacked out. Chapter 10 : Foolish Games Of Good And Evil Slowly Ben woke. Dim lights lit the room he was locked in. Shadows clouded the corners, aside from a pool of light that extended his vision for a few feet. A funny prickling at the back of his neck brought him back to full consciousness. "You're awake" Lady Shade said. Ben jumped. She was leaning casually against the wall directly in front of him, just a few feet into the darkness. "Must have overdone it" she commented. "You've been out for hours." Suddenly Ben realized how short he felt compared to her. Then he realized he wasn't standing. He was sitting, back against the wall, arms and legs bound by black chains. "I don't like the conventional restraining equipment, especially when it comes to Jedi" Abby explained. "These chains will do just fine. They dull any kind of power, whether it is the Force or something else. Unfortunate enough to end up bound by chains of the nights skies pure darkness, and I'm afraid you'll never get out unless someone let's you." She strolled forward, standing in front of him. "You can get up" she added. "I like speaking to my enemies face-to-face, especially fine, upstanding men like you." Ben carefully got to his feet, the shackles on his wrists and ankles allowing him to, easily. There was a few feet of black...........something-he had no idea what they were made of, according to Abby it was night skies pure darkness-connected to the wall, allowing him to move around the cell, but apparently he could not break them with the Force. "Now" Abby said. "It's time we discussed the map. Of course, my offer still stands, but I am generous enough to throw another, possible benefit in for you." "What are you talking about" Ben asked sourly. "I'm talking about this." She held up her hand. Mist pooled in it, showing what were unmistakably Rey's memories. "You could still take the deal-give me the map in exchange for the memories-but I can make it better. You're already captured, and I can't simply let you go. Join me. I'll show you the power of the Dark side. The power can be yours, I only want my revenge." "Revenge, revenge on who, you've already destroyed almost every single Jedi in existence" Ben snapped. "My family" Abby said. Ben was taken aback, Abby never talked about her family. Of course, the Resistance was aware that her father was Supreme Leader Snoke, but other then that........ "The gods" Abby continued. "You might not have heard of them. And they're not as godly as you might think. My foolish siblings do not understand what is need for balance in the universe-balance in the Force." "You're related to gods" Ben repeated, in shock. Now he knew why she was so perfect, so commanding, and so utterly unattainable. She was not meant for humans like him. "I wish I wasn't" she said crossly. "Dad isn't that bad, but all the rest are selfish jerks." "How do you know that?" "That is a story for another day. Now make up your mind, we don't have all day. The map in exchange for the scavengers memories and a place at my side. I know what you want Ben Solo. I know you better then you think." Ben flinched. He didn't like to think what she meant by any of this stuff, but he was starting to understand what Han had said. Lady Shade was insane, rambling about the gods and her revenge. "Abby" he began, and when Abby tried to cut him off he beat her to it. "Let me talk" he yelled, so ferociously that Lady Shade took a step back, not afraid of him but surprised by his outburst. She regained her composure quickly, and calmly bid him to speak. "Fine." "Good" Ben growled. His patience with her was waning, just as her patience with him was. Abby stared into his dark eyes. Her lips were thin with anger and impatience. She knew all the potential he had for the Dark side, and she knew how to bait him, but she didn't know how he would react. Lady Shade hated not knowing. "Abby" he said, taking a deep breath. Anger was not the Jedi way, he needed to be calm and resist her mind games. "You're not like this." "I'm not what ?" "I knew you before this, and you weren't like this. You thought you were an orphan, Snoke abandoned you, why serve him?" To his surprise Abby began to chuckle darkly, shaking her head. "Ben" she sighed. "Ben, Ben, Ben, Ben, Ben. Honestly, good people......so easy to lie to and manipulate." "What in the galaxy are you talking about" Ben exclaimed. "I knew Snoke was my father, it was the gods, the Olympians, my mother and siblings who abandoned me. They threw me off their mountain and left me for dead when I was as young as seven years old. They were afraid of me. Then my father found me. He planted me at the Jedi temple, a cheap way for me to learn the ways of the Force. He gave me a holocommunicator so he could contact me and teach me his ways-the ways of the Dark side. Of course, I know him by his true name, a name mortals like you need not hear. And on my thirteenth birthday, long after the rest of the academy was asleep, he met me in person, and he gave me this." She reached for her neck. Ben had only just noticed the black chain that wrapped tightly around her neck and slipped under her shirt. She pulled out a small charm, which glowed an evil-looking purple. It was shaped like a scythe. "I haven't taken this off since" she added carelessly, like it had just occurred to her. Then she tucked it back into her clothing. "Aren't you a lucky little Jedi" she announced. "I've never told anyone as much of my story as I just told you, and that isn't even the best part!" She laughed softly. "What's the best part" Ben asked. "That" Abby said. "I won't be telling. Honestly, I'm just throwing in benefits with this little exchange, but I might add a bit of storytelling to our deal as well. Let's see..." She held up her hand, and the air above it began to swirl. "Hmm" she began, staring into the center of the mist. Ben watched with rapt interest. "The scavengers memories, a place at my side..." She held her left hand above the mist and started moving her fingers like she was sprinkling spices into a baking mixture. "And the rest of my story" she finished satisfactorily. "Doesn't get much better then this, Jedi" she said. "I mean, this deal-it's exactly what you want! You've got it made, right here." She held her hand out to him, the one swirling with her offer. But instead of looking at the mist, he stared into her eyes. They were cold and stared him down with an icy glare. "All you have to do" she said. "Is hold up your hand, like so." Her words wormed into his brain, taking control of his right arm. Slowly he began to move his arm, reaching for her hand. He fought and fought, but the power took over his body, freezing him in place. His hand was inches from hers. She grinned wickedly, a glow beginning to light the cell. Then.. "NO" Ben roared, and he wrenched his hand away. "No" Abby said softly. "Hmph." She closed her fist, and the mist dissolved. "You're so nice" she muttered. "You're not good, you're not bad, you're just nice . I'm not good, I'm not nice, I'm just right !" "What's your definition of right " Ben shot back. "You wouldn't understand" Abby said, her lip curling. "Enough talk. I want that map. And you're going to give it to me." Her hand flew up, the tips of her long nails inches from his face. He stumbled backward, back hitting the wall. She began to pry into his mind, commenting on what she saw. "Oh, so Han Solo is father of the year now?" She shook her head. "Ridiculous. Forgiveness must be earned." And she moved on. "The scavenger girl and the traitor.......yeah, I can see that. Great minds think alike." That was simply the way she talked, making comments that only she in herself could understand, because she didn't voice the information that preceded them. "Aha" she cried, so suddenly Ben jumped. The pain as she pried into his mind was making his eyes water and his knees were weak. But he didn't want to collapse in front of her and forced himself not to, leaning on the wall for support. "The droid showed you the map and it leads back...." She stopped talking suddenly and made a choking sound. Ben took the opportunity and began hurtling through her mind at breakneck speed, mimicking the way she had probed his mind with her snide comments. "You-You're afraid" he muttered. "You're afraid that you'll never be as strong as the Darksiders of the past, you fear the wrath of your father should you ever make a mistake." "Enough!" She threw him out of her mind and rushed forward, putting her hands around his throat. "I hate that stupid torture method" she growled. "Especially when there's so many more effective ways of getting people to talk." She drew her weapon so fast Ben hardly saw it happen. Suddenly a real scythe slammed into into the wall barely an inch away from his face, sinking deep into the solid metal. "I won't talk" Ben said. "And you'll be forced to destroy me." "Yippee" Abby grumbled, drawing away from him. "We're not done" she warned. "And we won't be done until I have that map! " With that she whirled out of the room, her scythe still drawn. -Author- Here. Let me tell you guys some stuff. A: IT'S MY BIRTHDAY!! YIPPEE!! B: I just thought this was funny. How the world sees dark!Abby(how it expects her to be): I'll give you guys "How dark!Abby actually is" in a few more parts! XOX, AbbyGrace31415 Chapter 11 : Escape "The Jedi" Snoke roared. "Resisted you !" "He is strong with the Force, he's had years of training" Abby said quickly. "Oh, don't tell me" Snoke growled impatiently. "You were testing out your alternative torture methods on him." "Maybe" Abby muttered. "I knew it" Snoke said. "And you were this close to getting the map with the regular methods of extracting information, why suddenly fly off the handle?" "I told you, he resisted me" Abby yelled. "I hope there is no more such failure in the future" Snoke snarled. "What about the droid?" Then the chamber doors opened. General Hux strutted into the room. "Lady Shade believed it was no longer valuable to us" he said. "That the Jedi was all we needed. As a result the droid has most likely been returned to the hands of the enemy. They may have the map already." Abby's face turned a shade of pink and she opened her mouth to speak, but Snoke shut her up with a wave of his hand. "Then the Resistance must be destroyed before they get to Skywalker" he ordered. "We have their location" Hux replied. "We tracked the reconnaissance ship to the Ileenium system." "Good" Snoke muttered. "Then we will crush them once and for all. " Abby smirked at the thought. "Prepare the weapon." Hux turned on his heel and left. The second the doors shut Abby turned back to Snoke. "Father" she said. "I can get the map from the Jedi. I just need your guidance." "You'd better" Snoke warned. "And if you can't........bring the Jedi to me ." Stupid chains . For what felt like the hundredth time Ben tried to use the Force and get them off him, but the chains stuck to him like glue. He wriggled his wrists in the restraints, tugging at them with his hands. He probably looked ridiculous, but he didn't care. He was tired of the things and wanted them off him. The stormtrooper guarding the cell didn't notice, he had stopped noticing around Ben's third or fourth attempt. Then Ben realized. The chains dulled the power that the Force held over them as objects. What if he used them on another object? He remembered what Abby had said. You'll never get out unless someone let's you out. He leaned back against the wall, calming his mind and focusing. "You will remove these restraints and leave this cell with the door open" he said. He felt the power of the Force dull thanks to the heavily enchanted chains, and the stormtroopers only reaction was; "What did you say?" "You will remove these restraints and leave this cell with the door open" Ben repeated, more forcefully, but, once again, the Force was dulled by the magic of the chains. This time the stormtrooper left his post and stood beside Ben. "I'll tighten those restraints, Jedi scum" he growled. Ben tried one final time, now that the trooper was closer to him. "You will remove these restraints and leave this cell with the door open." This time it worked. The trooper froze, stood straight, then said; "I will remove these restraints and leave this cell with the door open." He walked over the entry area of the cell, where Ben could not walk thanks to the damn chains, and pressed a button. With a clatter the bonds opened and fell off of the Jedi. Then the trooper opened the door and began to walk out. "And you'll drop your weapon" Ben added quickly. "And I 'll drop my weapon." The trooper dropped his blaster in the doorway and continued his walk away from the cell. Once he was out of sight Ben jumped up, grabbed the blaster, and left. Now all he had to do was avoid getting seen, re-captured, avoid Lady Shade in general, and find a ship to escape on. Easy. Lady Shade swept down the halls of the Finalizer , stormtroopers and other occupants of the ship moving out of her way. She relished the fear she inspired in others, even her own troops and allies. The fear she deserved . She turned a sharp corner and entered the cell block, quickening her pace a bit and and marching towards the Jedi's cell. Then she saw that the door to the cell was open and cursed under her breath. "Note to self" she muttered. "Track down the idiot who has that door open." She prepared herself to yell at the stormtrooper who was guarding the cell, but when she entered, no one was there. The chains were empty. The door was open. "σκατά" she muttered in her native Greek, her voice quickly rising to a shout. "ΣΚΑΤΆ, ΣΚΑΤΆ, ΣΚΑΤΆ!!" There was a bang as the cell was destroyed with an outburst of power from Abby that blasted the door right off it's hinges and out into the hall. Two passing stormtroopers rounded the corner, saw what the door hit the opposite wall, stood still for a moment, then turned and walked in the opposite direction. Abby stood in the center of the cell, darkness swirling around her. "How" she screamed. "HOW?! Curses, Jedi, when I get a hold of you......." She picked up the chains, flicking them like a whip and making a dent in the solid metal wall. "Doomsday" she muttered. "Doomsday." Chapter 12 : Weaknesses Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Rey and Finn ran through the halls of Starkiller base. Suddenly Rey stopped, grabbed Finn by the shoulder, and pulled him into a hiding place. "I want to find Ben" she said. "Why on Earth" Finn exclaimed. "That nutter thinks you're his cousin!" "I am his cousin" Rey said. "How do you know that" Finn asked. "Because" Rey explained patiently. "The Force. I've been having dreams, it's hard to explain. Visions, that sort of thing." "That's not how the Force works" Finn objected. "Actually" said a voice. "That is exactly how the Force works." "Ben" Rey cried, jumping up and hugging him. Finn's face turned red. "Where did you come from, how did you ever escape?" "It's a long story" Ben said. "But I'm assuming you two aren't here just to save me-" "Somebody has a sense of his own importance" Finn grumbled. "We aren't" Rey said. "We've got to disable the shields of this place so that the Resistance pilots can fly in and destroy the thermal oscillator." "How did you two get here" Ben asked, ducking down beside them. "Your dad, he's our getaway pilot" Rey told him. Finn was being very quiet this entire conversation. "Finn" Rey said. "What is wrong with you?" "What do you mean, I'm fine" Finn lied. "Good." Rey kissed him on the cheek. "Now let's go." She got up from her hiding spot. Ben glanced at Finn, then followed. Finn grinned and got up as well, walking beside Rey. They found the control room, no problem, but no one knew the password. Then Finn had an idea. "Phasma" he said, pointing to a chrome-plated stormtrooper that was marching down the hall towards their hiding place. "Captain Phasma. She knows all the codes to this place, we'll capture her and get her to do it!" Ben nodded. "I got this" he said. He waited until Phasma was just outside the door, then tackled her. Ben was tall, well-built, and muscular. He managed to disarm Phasma easily, then dragged her to her feet. Finn put his blaster at her throat. "Remember me" he asked her. "FN-2187" Phasma said coldly. "Not anymore" Finn said gleefully. "The names Finn, and I'm in charge! I'm in charge now Phasma, I'm in charge!" "Bring it down" Ben told him. Finn nodded, turning back to Phasma. "Follow me" he ordered. All three of them brought Phasma into the control room and sat her down in front of the screen. Finn kept his blaster at her head the entire time. "You want me to blast that bucket off your head" he threatened. "Lower the shields!" "You're making a big mistake" Phasma told him. "Do it" Finn ordered. Unwillingly, Phasma typed in the code. Machines whirred as the shields around Starkiller base lowered. "You can't be so stupid as to think this will be easy" Phasma said, standing up. "My troops will storm this block and kill you all!" Finn put his blaster at her throat. "I disagree" he said. "What do we do with her Solo?" "Is there a garbage chute" Ben asked. "Trash compactor?" Finn grinned as Phasma jerked her head to look at Ben. "Yeah there is" he said. "And for future reference" Ben added as they dragged Phasma out. "Don't call me Solo ." "We can't just leave" Ben said. "The Resistance needs help!" "I've got a bag full of explosives" Rey offered. "Give it, I'll go in and plant them, you guys can go find the Falcon" Ben told them. "I'll meet you guys out here once I'm done." "Are you sure about this" Finn asked. "Are you sure?! What if Lady Shade's in there?" "If Lady Shade is in there I will......" Ben faltered. "You'll what" Finn asked, raising an eyebrow. "I'll do what a Jedi should" Ben said. He turned and walked away, tossing the bag of explosives over his shoulder. "That was reassuring" Finn said to Rey. "What the heck does that mean?" "I think he mean's that he'll do what he thinks is right" Rey said. "Even better" Finn grumbled. "I take it you don't like him very much" Rey said. "I don't like scary Force-users" Finn mumbled. "You what" Rey asked. "I don't like scary Force-users, Lady Shade was bad enough" Finn said. "Well, he's on our side, you don't have to be afraid of him" Rey assured him. "I never said I was afraid." Turns out Lady Shade was in the oscillator. Ben went from row to row, emptying the bag of bombs onto the columns that held up the oscillator, and halfway through he saw stormtroopers pour in, followed by good old bad news herself. Lady Shade marched into the oscillator, scanning the huge room. Ben ducked behind a column and hid himself from sight, but he didn't doubt that she could sense him. "Find him" she muttered. The stormtroopers marched off and began hunting him, while Lady Shade walked onto the bridge in the center and stood there, arms crossed, slowly turning in a circle and scanning the walls for him. Ben had no doubt that she could see to the very top of the oscillator, quite clearly to say the least. Once again, he saw her as a bird of prey. Then an actual bird of prey-her falcon, Felix-swooped down and landed on her shoulder. Her black cat Crystal scampered up to her and sat, almost like she was at attention. From the folds of her cloak Abby brought out a ripped piece of brown cloth and held it out for the animals to sniff. They both did, then they left, running or flying around the room. Abby tucked the cloth back into her pocket. Ben realized she was setting her pets on his scent, she had taken some of the cloth from his clothing and given it to them to hunt. They were both hunting animals with good senses of smell, so Ben didn't doubt they would find him quicker then the stormtroopers could. He planted the last few bombs, wanting to get out of there. Taking the detonator in his hand he began to sneak back around towards the exit. Then there was a rush of wings behind him and loud cawing screech. Felix had found him. He ran, not looking back as blaster bolts rained down and Lady Shade yelled; "STOP HIM! STOP HIM!" Her cat lept up from below him and arched it's back, hissing and spitting. Suddenly it turned into a full-grown, female lioness and launched itself at him, claws extended and teeth bared. He knocked it aside with a wave of his hand and it slammed into a column. Felix flew over, beating it's wings at Crystal and getting her to stand up. The lioness roared and went after him again. Ben burst out of the oscillator and pressed the detonator, hearing multiple simultaneous explosions from inside. Then he ran, jumping off the platform where he stood and landing on the snow-covered ground. From behind him the doors burst open. He made the mistake of looking up. There stood Lady Shade, her pets by her side. She saw him and her eyes narrowed. "You two go home" she bid her pets, and they both disappeared. She lifted her cloak by the edges, and he got a bad feeling in the pit of his stomach. He turned and ran, not daring to look back at what she did next. From the rushing sound he thought she had taken flight, and he could imagine her behind him, using her cloak to fly like some enormous bird, closing fast. He burst into the forest, crashing through the trees. The planet shook under his feet as the oscillator was destroyed completely, setting the entire balance of the place off. A tree crashed down in front of him and he lept over it, then found himself face-to-face with Lady Shade. Ben backed up quickly, nearly tripping over the log he had jumped seconds before. "Where do you think you're going" Lady Shade snarled. "We're not done yet." Her lightsaber was in her right hand, and in the other was a shining bronze sword. Ben could tell it was magical. Magic seemed to be Lady Shades defining feature, the thing that set her apart from all the darksiders of the past. Ben dropped the empty bag of explosives and drew his own weapon, a green blade with two extra crossguards on the hilt. "Interesting" she said, nodding approvingly. "I see the Jedi have been upping their game. But you see-" She held up her sword and drew a long line along her own arm, all the way to her palm, drenching it in blood. "There's no way you can stand up to me, upgraded weapons or no." Her eyes flickered with that scary gold fire, as she wrapped her bloodied right hand around the hilt of her lightsaber. "Let's see what you've got" she said, and she threw herself at him. Notes: -Author- More cliffhangers!!!!!!! MORE!!! *chants* CLIFFHANGER, CLIFFHANGER, CLIFFHANGER! Yeah, Abby is crazy. But you'll see what happens. Also, I'm sticking the The Force Awakens as much as possible, adjusting it to fit the new character roles. And yes, Han will die, but not now. Sorry if you haven't seen TFA, cause I just spoiled it for you, but why would you be reading this book if you hadn't? XOX, AbbyGrace31415 P.S. And a wild Finnrey appears out of nowhere. Oh well, I ship it! Chapter 13 : The Eternal Fight Lady Shade had met her match. If there was one fatal flaw that she had, it was underestimating humans. And underestimating those such as Ben Solo was a big mistake. But this was also a little help, as anger, frustration, and other dark emotions fueled the Dark side of the Force, allowing her to grow stronger. Ben Solo was also finding it hard to get an edge over his opponent. He managed to recall bits and pieces of her fighting style from the times when they had sparred at the Jedi temple, giving him a bit of leverage, but not enough. Not to mention the terrain was against both of them, the ground shifting as the planet disintegrated. Trees fell from the wild slashes of their weapons. The ground rumbled and shook. Lady Shade had just enough leverage from her two weapons to pin him down, back against a tree. "I offer you one last time" she said. "I can show you the ways of the Force! Join me!" "Abby" Ben said. He didn't mean to sound like he was pleading, but that's how it came out. "Abby, I know you're not like this!" Abby didn't move. Blood from her arm dripped onto the snow, turning it dark red. "This fight is eternal" Abby said. "Dark and Light, good and evil. The divine take their sides, choose their heroes, and off to war the humans go. I want to break the cycle, but not that way. Today the Darkness will win!" Ben ducked away from her as she lashed out, blocking her strikes. Their lightsabers crackled and popped as they connected, her sword causing sparks to fly everywhere whenever it touched his green blade. Lady Shade's blood was less nauseating and more terrifying, thinking that she had done that to herself, for no particular reason. It made Ben shiver to think that he had fallen in love with Abby Grace, unknowing that she was an insane darksider and the daughter of the Supreme Leader of the First Order. But he could see Abby behind all of that, he could see her. Part of him wanted her back, but the Jedi part of him knew that he had a job to do. Lady Shade had to be stopped, no matter what. And the Jedi part of him took over. He stopped holding back. When she lashed out, he returned with just as furious strikes. The metallic clanging was unbelievable whenever his blade hit her sword. Sparks flew in all directions, and the two Force users moved so fast that they barely noticed the shaking of the planet. Ben used his height as a leverage, closing in on her and giving her no room for the wide swings of her weapons. He brought his lightsaber down in a quick stroke, slashing down her side from her right shoulder all the way to her leg. "AHHHH" she screamed, and delivered a heavy blow to his face with her sword. Then she stumbled and fell, her weapons flying out of her hands. Ben tasted blood from the deep cut on his cheek. He chewed his lip, staring down at her. She was breathing heavily, clawing at the snow and trying to drag herself away from him. Her blood was soaking the snow, turning it dark red. After a few failed attempts to move she simply gave up, lying down in the snow, pulling her cloak over the wound in a desperate attempt to stifle the bleeding. Her hands shook. Ben made up his mind. He picked up both of her weapons and put them on his belt with his own and the Skywalker lightsaber, which he had kept ever since he found it at Maz Kanata's castle. Abby coughed, spitting blood out of her mouth. He knelt next to her. "Why should I help you" he asked her. "You shouldn't" Abby muttered. "But I'm doing this anyway" Ben told her. He put his arms around her and lifted her off the ground. She was surprisingly light, and felt small in his arms. She had shut her eyes, twisting her arms around her head and turning her head towards Ben's chest. A bright light lit up the dark forest. The Millennium Falcon had come to the rescue. It landed and Ben ran over, still carrying Lady Shade in his arms. Rey, Finn, and Han ran out. "Ben, are you okay...." Rey began, but faltered at the sight of the figure in his arms. "Who's that" she asked. Ben shook his head and tried to walk on board. Han managed to catch sight of Lady Shade, and recognized the signature outfit. "What are you doing, bringing her back" he asked, aghast. "I know what I'm doing dad" Ben said. "Ben, you're hurt" Rey said, rushing over and looking at the gash on his cheek. "That won't kill me" Ben said. "This-" He tilted the woman in his arms, allowing everyone a view of the wound on her side. "Will." "Did you do that to Lady Shade, whoa, I didn't think anyone could-good job" Finn exclaimed, with no hint of sarcasm. Ben shot him a look, like shut up or I will set her on you . Finn swallowed and backed up. "We have to go, the planets disintegrating" he said matter-of-factly, walking aboard the Falcon . Everyone followed, looking confused. Han went to the cockpit with Chewie, taking off. Ben lay Abby down on the small bed in the corner niche. Rey and Finn watched as he did this. "This is crazy" Finn said. "What if-" Rey put a hand on his arm, shaking her head silently. Finn shut up, but he was still staring, wide-eyed and open-mouthed as the Jedi sat down next to the Sith, waiting for them to return to the Resistance base. It was freezing cold that night. Not to mention the pain from her arm, and the blood dripping down. Ben Solo beat her, slicing a long, deep gash down her side, starting at her shoulder and ending at her thigh. Lady Shade collapsed, but not before leaving a mark of her own on the Jedi. Her hands clawed uselessly at the snow, trying to drag herself away from the danger of the Jedi, who would no doubt try to finish her off. He bit his lip, then picked up her weapons and clipped them to his belt, alongside his own. Ben Solo knelt beside her, staring at her weak face. Her eyes were swimming with tears from the pain, she could barely see. But she swallowed the pain, as she'd been taught to. "Why should I help you" he asked. "You shouldn't" she replied. "But I'm doing this anyway." A pair of strong, comforting arms wrapped around her. She was lifted off the ground, and light flashed in her vision. She wrapped her arms around her head and turned away from it, praying her troopers didn't see her in this state. She heard the voices of the traitor, the scavenger, and that scoundrel Han Solo, but she was drifting into unconsciousness. The last thing she remembered was being laid down on a real bed, before her eyesight dimmed and she blacked out. Ben brought her into the Resistance base, earning him a load of strange looks. His mother ran up to him, opening her mouth to ask him about the mission, but stopped when she saw the gash on his cheek and the bloodied girl in his arms. "Re-" She tried, but stopped to see Rey standing right next to him. "Who" she asked. Ben walked past her, heading to the medbay. "Ben, what are you doing" Leia asked. Ben didn't answer her. He suddenly had a wellspring of determination to save Abby Grace. He burst into the medical bay, to the surprise of the medics and droids. "Master Solo, who is this" said the head medic, coming over to him. "That doesn't matter" he said, thinking they wouldn't help her if they knew who she was. "But she needs help." "And you sir" the person said. "I'll be fine" Ben objected, laying Abby down on the nearest empty cot. "Yes, well, you're going to get it checked out anyway" ordered Leia. "Fine mom" Ben sighed, and he sat down on the cot next to Abby. Turns out he was fine, just needed a few stitches. Nothing more the he'd expected. But the droids and medics stayed around Abby for hours, working on gods-knew-what. When they were finally done Ben was allowed to look at her. Almost her entire upper half was covered in bandages, aside from her neck and head. All the way down to her right thigh. She had been changed into just a black pair of pants, the bandages serving as a shirt. Her hair had been washed, so it was wet and spread over the pillow. She was still wearing the scythe charm, and her eyes were closed. "We had to put her under the influence of sedatives" the head medic explained. "That way she didn't wake up during the operation, she'll be out for the next few hours. But we need to know for our databases, who is she?" "Abby Grace" Ben said. "Lady Shade" Han corrected. "Lady Shade" Leia said. "Your friend Abby, she was Lady Shade this whole time!" Ben hung his head, nodding slowly. " That's why you brought her back" Leia said, understanding. "Oh Ben, how did this happen?" "We were in a fight" Ben said. "And I won. But she got me too." He gestured to the stitches on his face, which would be removed in a day or so, but they gave him a rather creepy Frankenstein look. Leia moved over to Abby's bedside, and her eyes were immediately drawn to the scythe charm. "What's this" she asked. "The symbol of her father, Snoke. Let me take it off." Ben came over and unclipped the necklace, tossing it onto the bedside table. Abby stirred. There were red marks from where the chain had hugged her neck, she hadn't taken it off in so long. "Ben" Leia said. "Let's leave. We need to talk about this." Ben nodded turning away from her. "General, General" C-3P0 cried, walking into the room, followed, miraculously, by R2-D2. Ben grinned at the sight of the droid. "I believe R2 has some much needed good news" 3P0 announced. "Tell me" Leia said. R2 had the rest of BB-8's map. They both pitched in to project it in the main room of the Resistance base, showing a map to the planet Ach-To. "Luke" Leia muttered. Ben turned to Rey. "Do you want to go find him" he offered. Rey stared for a moment, before grinning. "Yes, of course" she said. Chapter 14 : She's Lost Her Mind Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Ben was waiting outside the medical bay. "Ben" Leia asked, walking up to him. "What has gotten into you?" "I want to see her mom" he said, without looking at her. "But why " Leia said. "I'm worried about you Ben, why are you obsessed with Lady Shade all of a sudden?" "She's Abby Grace" Ben said. "No, Abby Grace died" Leia objected. Ben took a step forward, towering over his mother. "Yes. She. IS" he yelled. "If anyone would know, it would be me. Everything about her, it's like Abby. She even is obsessed with the same musicals from her homeworld, she knows the inside jokes!" "Alright" Leia said, backing away from him. "But she's dangerous, and I feel like she's rubbing off on you. She's a bad influence, okay? Be careful." Ben nodded coldly, and Leia walked away. Suddenly Ben froze, realizing how he had just acted. "You're right mom" he said to the air. "Lady Shade is contagious." Then the doors to the medbay opened and he was allowed in. Abby woke up with a violent yell. Ben Solo was standing next to her, staring. "What are you looking at" she yelled, her hands immediately flying up to cover her chest, but it was covered with a multitude of heavy bandages anyway. She scrambled out of the bed, and then her dream came back to her. "No" she yelled, in a panic. "I didn't, forgive me, please, no!" She stumbled around the room, knocking things over, her powers crushing and smashing anything she could reach. "Stop it" Ben yelled, walking over to her. " YOU " she snarled venomously, and punched him in the face. "Ow, what was that for" he yelled in response. She shoved him away from her, prompting the response; "What is wrong with you?!" Then Finn and Poe burst into the room. "TRAITOR" she screamed, leaping at Finn and putting her hands around his throat. "You destroyed everything!" Poe grabbed her shoulders and threw her back, away from Finn. She jumped up and punched him too, but he punched back. Finn jumped up and tried to pull her away, but she stomped hard on his foot. "What are you doing" Ben yelled, jumping up, but he was scared to come close. She had busted his lip from her punch. "AND YOU TOO" she screamed. "YOU AND THE TRAITOR, YOU BOTH DESTROYED EVERYTHING!! I'LL KILL YOU ALL!!" She lashed out, punching and kicking anyone who came close. It took all three men to hold her down, then the strong voice of Leia cried; "ENOUGH!" Finn, Poe, and Ben had managed to pin her to floor. She was struggling like mad, her teeth bared and her eyes glowing. "It would be wise" she said. "To get the actual Hades off me!" She tore her right arm out of Finn's grip and then she seemed to realize something. The fire in her eyes died. She stumbled to her feet, backing away from everyone. "I'll be killed" she muttered. "Blasted to bits by those accursed lightning bolts! GAH!" She collapsed on her bed. "There's something wrong with that woman" Poe said. "That's the worst I've ever seen her, and I was a stormtrooper for years" Finn said. Ben said nothing for a minute. "WHAT HAS GOTTEN INTO YOU" he suddenly screamed. "Why do you hate everyone all of a sudden? Don't you remember Rey? Or Poe? Or........me?" "I remember you Ben Solo" Abby snarled. "You're the one who got me in the worst trouble with my father I ever had until today, and you got me into this too. And little Rey, the dear, sweet girl who constantly pestered me? Yep. Poe Dameron, golden boy, mister best-at-everything? Remember him too. If you're expecting me to be all sappy over you three, nope. No. Nada. Not at all. And you- " Finn backed up quickly. "The defecting stormtrooper. I should-" She froze again. "Where is my necklace" she asked quietly. Before anyone could say anything Ben snatched it off the bedside table and shoved it into his pocket. "I'm not telling you" he said simply. "Unless you apologize, calm down for gods sakes, give Rey her memories back, and stop acting like you've lost your mind." Abby rolled her eyes. "Is that all" she asked. "Or would you like some fries with that too?" Ben shook his head, meeting her dangerous glare with an equally dangerous one. "Fine" she sighed. "I'll give the scavanger her memories when she gets back. I apologize for freaking out. I can't guarantee that I won't act like I've lost my mind-ahhhh!" Suddenly, she was screaming again. Everyone took a step back as she fell off the bed, pounding her fists on the floor. "I DIDN'T DO IT" she screamed like a fussy child. "HAVE YOU NO SHAME? NO MERCY? GET OUT OF MY HEAD FOR THE KRONOS'S SAKES!" Then she got up, sat back down, and stared blankly up at Ben. "Can I help you?" Ben looked behind him at Poe, Finn, and Leia, who were staring in horror. "Everyone, leave" he ordered. They did so, and suddenly he was alone with Lady Shade. She made a three-fingered claw over her heart and shoved it outward. Ben tentatively sat down next to her. "Abby" he said gently, placing his large hands on her shoulders. "I know you're in there. I know you're not a lunatic. Please, stop this, please." "I'm sorry Ben" she muttered. "I've been horrid. The Olympians think it's funny to inflict me with schizophrenia at random times. I'm not kidding, that's what they'll do." "And they think it's funny" Ben repeated, aghast. "Yeah" Abby muttered. "I just want........but no, that would be revealing my birthday wish." "It hasn't come true yet" Ben asked. "No" Abby said sadly. "Not in fourteen years." Ben hugged her. He wanted to rekindle their damaged and faded friendship, bring her back to the Light side. She looked surprised. "Ben, what-" He caught her face in his hands, keeping her close to him. "Don't be angry with me" he said. Then he kissed her. Abby practically melted into the kiss, clinging to him like a lifeline. When he finally pulled away, remembering that they both needed to breathe, she looked like someone had just given her everything she'd ever wanted. "Oh Ben" she muttered. "I doubt-" "Don't tell me off either" he warned. He pulled her closer, onto his lap. Tears began to spill from her eyes. "I'm a monster" she sobbed. "A monster ! Ben, Ben, what am I going to do?" "It's alright" he told her. "I wouldn't let the gods touch you to save my life." "Did you figure out what was wrong with her" Leia asked. "The gods" Ben said. "Just hear me out, okay, she's not lying, I know it. Her family, the Gods of Olympus, they inflict her with schizophrenia- as a joke! They think it's funny! She's not a crazy, she's a victim !" Leia put her hands to her mouth. "Ben" she said. "How do you know this?" "She told me" Ben said. "But she told me that being with people helps. It makes them stay away. She's got to stay here." "But what if she goes nuclear again" Poe asked. "She won't" Ben told them. "Please, just let her stay until she heals." "Fine" Leia said firmly. "But once she's healed she goes ." Notes: -Author- So yeah. The gods are jerks. Abby has serious issues. But Ben really wants to help her. Like, really. And he will, don't worry, this comes back to bite the gods in the butt. XOX, AbbyGrace31415 Chapter 15 : The Truth About Lady Shade Abby healed all right. Too fast. But Ben spent time with her. He cared about her. He didn't treat her like a toxic disease or someone that belonged in an insane asylum. She would wake up from nightmares and he wouldn't judge her for being afraid, he would wipe away her tears and tell her everything was okay. Meanwhile, he locked the scythe charm up. Something about that object made Ben feel like it was cursed. Soon her wound was all but healed, but her heart wasn't. She still felt broken, shattered, missing a piece. Leia and Han had moved from hating her to simply being afraid of her. Being feared didn't make her as happy as it did before. Luckily, Leia and Han did not know how Ben had fallen in love with her. Otherwise bad things might have happened. Abby and Ben weren't caught. They felt so natural together, so right for each other, it was hard for Ben to remember Abby being anything but the sweet young woman who loved him. Of course, the memory of her outburst was still there, fresh in his mind, but she was getting better by the day. Finally Ben decided Leia should talk to her. "And why" Leia asked. "I just want you to see how she's doing, how much better she is" Ben told her, waiting outside the door of the medical bay. He opened it and called; "Abby, you have a visitor." "Who" she said. Her voice was so different, so much calmer and kinder that Leia was taken aback. She knew Ben had been having private meetings with her, trying to improve her condition, but she hadn't anticipated that it would work this well. "General Leia." "Come right in" she said cheerfully, getting up from where she'd been sitting on her bed. She was wearing a loose blue t-shirt that covered most of her bandages-for many of them had been removed thanks to her healing-and a pair of black jeans. Her feet were bare and her hair was braided. Her nails had been cut and the paint removed. The lipstick had been washed off her face. Leia could envision the little girl she would sometimes see flitting around the Jedi temple as she looked at her. "General" she said. "I want to thank you." "For what" Leia asked. "For all of this. For letting me stay and heal, even though I've practically lost my mind. For letting Ben talk to me." She and Ben exchanged a glance. He grinned behind Leia's back, winking at her. "You're very welcome" Leia said. "I see your temperament has improved. And you gave Rey her memories back, that was so kind." "Oh, it was nothing" Abby said graciously. "Just some simple magic. Really, nothing compared to some other things I can do- constructive things" she added, just to be clear. "And" she continued. "I'm sorry. I shouldn't have lost my mind and wouldn't have if I was in a normal condition. Sometimes even I don't know what's going on in my head." She laughed dryly. "I accept your apology" Leia replied politely. She could see that Abby really was sorry for doing something like that, and understood how the Dark side could twist your mind. "But tell me more about these constructive powers." "Honestly" Abby sighed, sitting cross-legged atop her bed. "I've never had much excuse to use them. That's a shame, but now......." She held her hands up in the air. "I suppose I could give a demonstration." She began waving her hands in a rhythmic pattern, like she was weaving something out of thin air. Small strands of light were falling between her fingers. "But it's really fun to do anyway" she said. She still hadn't told them what she was doing. Her fingers had begun to trace the outline of some type of flower. She creased her brow in concentration. "I also forgot how much you need to focus" she added. Then the mist she was weaving solidified and color began to leak into the image. A pink rose. "How did you do that" Leia asked. Abby plucked the flower out of the air and handed it to her. "There, that's for you" she said. "Also, I honestly don't know. I take after my siblings just as much as my parents, and I also spent quite a while with the nymphs of Mount Olympus, but that was years and years ago. I'll spare you the sob story of the little mortal girl Abby Grace, but there were some good times scattered among it. I'll also spare you some of the more gruesome details, because, honestly, it's the Olympian family for Zeus's sakes! You'd think they could find a way to get along after three thousand years." She sighed, shaking her head. "These figurative gods you speak of" Leia began. "They're a family?" "Oh yeah" Abby said. "They have been since the very beginning, when it was only the five primordial gods. Chaos, Gaea, Ouranos, Pontus, and Taratarus. Now there's far too many to name, but, mind you, they aren't doing a very good job of ruling the world." "They aren't?" "Mmm-mm" Abby said, shaking her head again. "Not by a long shot." "This is very confusing" Leia said. "You're telling me" Abby muttered. "Leia" Ben said. "Why don't you let me talk to her for a minute?" "Of course." Leia walked out. Ben sat down next to Abby. "Abby" he said. "I want you to explain to me about the gods." "Ben" she replied, looking solemn. "I need my necklace." "Why? That thing is cursed" Ben exclaimed. "Not it's not" Abby objected. "It protects me from any magic the gods might try to use on me. When he first gave it to me Snoke intended for it to protect me from love magic, but when it became apparent that the gods preferred to tamper with my mind he enchanted it to protect me from that. That's why I lost my mind the other day-I wasn't wearing the necklace. Please Ben, as much as you're helping me, I can't be safe without that thing." Ben stared at her. Then, slowly, he reached into his pocket. The necklace had appeared there, straight out of it's safe, like it knew it was needed. He pulled it out and handed it to her. She clipped it around her neck. "Alright" she said. "Now I'll tell you. But don't be frightened. And all of this is true. Believe me, I couldn't make up stuff this weird." Abby took Ben's hands, and the world dissolved. Long ago, hundreds up thousands of years before you or me, Titan's ruled my homeworld of Earth. My father-Snoke as you know him, Kronos as I know him-was the Lord of the Titans and the Titan of Time. Titans are immortal beings, more powerful and dangerous then the gods. One of them actually created the first humans out of clay. His name was Prometheus, he's also my cousin, but that's not really important to what I'm telling you. Once again, they are immortal beings. I am not. I can die, same as you, which you all got an example of earlier. Anyway, my father was mostly known as an embodiment of evil, for he committed the first murder. But my mother was a kind Titan, the Titan-goddess of Motherhood. Also, my dad gets a lot of bad press in this story, just a warning. My grandmother-Gaea, the Earth-invented the scythe, the first weapon, and gave it to my father. She gave him the idea of the first murder. Now, today we have a word for this behavior. We call it being a psycho, but back then the rules of behavior were a lot looser. I'll spare you the gruesome details, but Kronos committed the first murder and he was cursed for it. Well, the curse was that one day his own children would depose him. Once again, I'll spare you the gruesome details about what he did to avoid this, but he did marry my mother. Pro tip: if you trying not to have children don't marry the Titan of Motherhood, but who am I kidding? I like being alive as much as the next person. A nyway, they had six kids. Nothing will induce me to tell you what he did to them. Only the youngest of the six, Zeus, escaped. Rhea gave Kronos a rock disguised as a baby to trick him, and Zeus was raised on Mt. Ida on the island of Crete. Fast forward to when Zeus was an adult, he freed his brothers and sisters, there was a huge war, the gods won. That's all well and good, right? But it wasn't quite, cause the gods aren't much better then the Titan's. It would take me about a month to tell you every time they've done wrong to the humans, but they're not very nice to us, that's for sure. Fast forward again, and this is where I come in. Kronos was chopped into about a billion pieces and tossed into Tartarus, the pit of evil. Meanwhile my mother had one last child-me. She brought me to Olympus and raised me there. Or tried to. My siblings were afraid of my power. When my mother was there they treated me kindly, but the moment she left Zeus would lock me in my room, deep inside her palace, and warn me not to leave unless I wanted to see how much it hurt to get hit by his lightning bolts. But a group of nymphs had pity for me and helped me escape. They brought me to the mortal world and babysat me until my mother returned. They were never caught, but then I made a mistake. I caused some major property damage to the throne room of the Olympians, so they kicked me out. Her words had been weaving images in front of Ben's eyes, showing him what she had been telling. Now he saw a little girl running to the edge of a mountain, followed by a mob. She turned around, blasting them away from her, but then she toppled off the mountain with a terrified scream. Ben heard the scream, it sounded all too similar to the one Abby had given when he nearly killed her back on the Starkiller. "AAAAHHHHHH!!!!" Then she crashed landed in a dumpster, crawled out, and began to speak. "Daddy! Help me." The image of Supreme Leader Snoke appeared, and beckoned her over to him. She ran to him, beginning to smile despite her bruises. Then the vision dissolved. "Now you know" Abby said. "I didn't think all of that would have happened" Ben muttered. "Ben, I can't stay much longer." "You what?! But Abby, you have to stay" he began, but Abby hushed him with a gentle kiss. "Listen to me" she said. "I can't go on with the Olympians tormenting me. I'll tell you when we can be together." "When?" "The day I can take this necklace off, forever." Ben shook his head. "No, Abby, stay with me" he begged. "Snoke protects me" Abby said. "You do too, but I need to learn to protect myself. Just trust me." "I know you don't want to depend on anyone for protection" Ben said. "But I don't want you to leave!" "The rest of the Resistance does." "They don't know how good you are! I'll tell them" Ben said fiercely, clenching his fists. "Careful now" Abby said. "You're too good for me." "I am not" Ben protested. "I have to go Ben" Abby said. "And that is my final word." "Abby......." Ben looked away from her. Then he turned back, putting his arms around her and pulling her close. He was still shocked at how easily Abby had made the transition from terrifying and unstable to tame and kind. He loved how small she was compared to him, the way he could wrap his arms around her and hold her. He pressed his mouth against the shell of her ear. "I love you Abby" he whispered. She said nothing. For a second he wondered if that was going too far, crossed some line by telling her that he loved her. He kept his face hovering just above hers, pressed against her neck and hairline. She smelled like vanilla. He breathed in the smell. Then he felt her hands gently guide his face to look at her. Her lips pressed into his. "I'm warning you Ben" she said. "The minute I leave I'll change. Don't get attached to me. It'll do nothing but hurt you." "I don't care" Ben said, and he kissed her again. -Author- Here we go! Romance, after about fourteen parts! Yippee! Oh well, this is a slow burn. Don't forget to vote and comment if you enjoyed! I am addicted to getting feedback on my stories, comments mean the world to me! Quick funny thing about my life: Whenever one of my family members read my stories we like to joke that I interrogate them for feedback, I'm that crazy. So yeah, please comment if you enjoyed! It means the world to me and I read every single comment I get! Also, this is overdue. Remember, a few parts ago I showed you guys How the worlds sees dark!Abby ? Yeah, well, I'm continuing that with How dark!Abby actually is . Here it is: Yeah. She's quite enigma wrapped in a mystery. If you don't know what that means, Google it. See you guys in the next part! XOX, AbbyGrace31415 Chapter 16 : Back To What She Was "Ok, what's the big idea" Abby said, bursting into the room. The Resistance leaders had called her into the conference room that morning, and immediately following her outburst she saw why. Sitting at the head of the table was a very out-of-place person. Abby bowed stiffly. "Hello father" she said, her tone cold and clear. " Hello to you as well" Snoke replied, standing up from where he sat at the head of the table. "I have come to collect you, as it seems you have been........ahem, sidetracked." "Actually" she said. "I was going to-" "Don't give me excuses" Snoke snarled. He turned to the other people in the room. "All of you" he ordered. "Leave us." Leia, Luke, Rey, Finn, Poe, Ben, Chewbacca, and Han were all in the room, but they left upon Snoke's command. Ben shot Abby a look, his eyebrow raised. She shook her head, motioning for him to leave with the rest. The door swung shut and suddenly she was alone with her father. "I hope you've been enjoying yourself" Snoke said coldly. "Father, I-" she began, but Snoke cut her off. "I said I don't want to hear excuses! You took off the necklace. You lost your mind, just as I knew you would. I warned you. You fraternized with the enemy." "Yeah" Abby mumbled. "And that's not even the worst part" Snoke said. "You allowed them to draw you out of your form. They nearly turned you into a goddess again! Back to the Light side!" "I didn't mean-" "Fraternizing with the enemy, especially a Jedi-I would not have expected you to lower yourself to such a level. And not just any Jedi, the one I specifically warned you to stay away from!" Abby met his gaze, the ferocity in his eyes met by her own. "Father" she began. "It's not that I'm sentimental-it's just that I'm terrified!" "You and your musicals" Snoke grunted. "Don't play any of your games with me." "I don't play games" Abby said. " Unless the stakes are high." "Well, you're playing your own game with the Solo boy" Snoke pointed out. "And I say that you should trust me and my judgement." "But I-" Abby began, not meeting Snoke's eyes anymore. "Look at me" Snoke raged. He got up from his seat, walked over to her, and grabbed her chin with his cold hand, forcing her to look up at him. "My dear Abby" he said, the tone of his voice softening a small bit. "My favorite child. You are valuable to me, I care about you. I gave you protection..........and you disobeyed me." "Father" Abby muttered. "I didn't mean to mess anything up, being brought here wasn't even my idea!" Snoke surveyed her clothing, the blue shirt and black jeans, her hair braided and her makeup removed. His lip curled. He walked around her, taking the braid out and running his fingers through her hair to completely get rid of it. "I'll take you home, we'll clean you up, and bam -it never happened" he told her. "Then you're going to train." "Train?" "With your old buddies, the Knights of Ren." The sarcasm was clear in Snoke's voice as he said your old buddies . In reality Abby detested the Knights of Ren, and the feeling was mutual, but since she was technically their leader there was nothing they could do about it. "What?! But dad -" "Don't dad me!" "Look" Abby said. "I was dying. Someone helped me. End of story." "No" Snoke replied. "This is only the beginning. Now follow me, we're leaving." He left the room, and Abby followed with a sigh. The doors opened and he marched out, only to see that everyone who had been in the room was waiting outside of the door. Ben was nearest, but he backed away as Snoke swept past him. Abby stayed in the doorway for a moment. Snoke turned to her and said something in a guttural, ancient language. Abby rolled her eyes and replied in said language with a tone of anger and annoyance. Snoke growled something else, but she completely ignored this and turned to Ben. He swallowed, before getting up the courage to ask; "Will I ever see you again?" Abby had switched back to speaking Basic and replied with; "Perhaps." She smiled, then leaned over to whisper something in his ear. " You can count on it " she whispered, and no one else heard. Snoke barked something at her in that strange language, and she turned away from the Jedi. She mouthed thank you to Leia, before Snoke grabbed her upper left arm and they both dissolved into black smoke. “Yippee” Abby grumbled, looking at her room at the Knights of Ren's base. “Gods-know-how-long in this freezing place and I have to share a room with gingersnaps herself.” Abby flopped down on the bed to the right, which was unoccupied, while he bed to the left was clearly lived in. Abby clicked around on her computer for a moment, playing a random song and staring at the ceiling. It was one of Taylor Swift's little heartbreaking ballads, because Abby seriously had an obsession with culture from her homeworld. But when she heard this she shoved her face into the pillow. "Oh come on" she mumbled. "It's like the stupid computer knows !" But she didn't bother shutting it off. Then the door opened again. “Turn that trash off” the redheaded girl snapped, marching over and slapping the pause button on Abby’s computer. “Nice to see you too gingersnaps” Abby muttered, rolling over onto her face. “Oh come on, I wanted to talk about the local gossip” Arian Hux said, sitting down on her bed. General Hux’s twin sister was one of the Knights of Ren, happening to be Force-sensitive while he wasn’t. She had been kidnapped and raised as a Knight of Ren, re-uniting with her twin when her Knights were called by Snoke to assist the First Order. Abby was technically the leader of the Knights of Ren, but since she was busy running the First Order Arian was her second-in-command. “I heard that you were captured” Arian said with a smirk. “After being beaten to a pulp. Now you’re here, since your dad thinks you need to brush up on your training.” “That’s all correct” Abby complained into her pillow. Arian’s smirk grew even wider. “Not to mention you were beaten by a Jedi” she continued. “A male Jedi .” “Would it matter less if I was beaten by a female Jedi” Abby asked. “And” Arian continued. “This particular Jedi has a thing for you." "Why do you care" Abby asked. "Because said Jedi also saved your life, took you back to the Resistance base, and tried to make friends with you." "Hmph, tried " Abby grumbled. "This is ancient history, been there, done that." "Oh have you? I never heard about it, was it about the Jedi?" "Sort of" Abby grumbled. "Ooooh" Arian said. "Shut up you obnoxious brat" Abby snapped, sitting up straight. "Oh come on" Arian nagged. "I want to hear about how Ben Solo seduced you." "Keep talking like that and I will sew your mouth shut" Abby growled, and suddenly she was back the way she had always been. She was Lady Shade again, threatening and angry and dangerous. "And quit acting like a high schooler" Abby added, for Arian was now holding her hand up to her mouth to stifle the giggles. "C'mon, your brother is better company than this." "Don't compare me to my brother, he isn't even Force-sensitive" Arian objected. "Look" Abby said, getting up. "I didn't come here to be constantly nagged about my private business. I came here to train, because my father seems to think I need it. I'm going to do just that, and you're not going to distract me." Her tone left just enough room for the or else to slip in. Abby stared Arian down. She had never really been able to scare the Hux twins, and it had no more effect that day then it had any other. But her point had been made, and with that she swept out of the room. Chapter 17 : Cryptic Messages Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Abby was standing outside the base of the Knights of Ren. She was outside as often as she could, away from all the others, alone with her emotions. Then, all of a sudden, her falcon swooped down. It had something clutched in it's talons. She held out her arm for Felix to land on, and he did after dropping a piece of paper into her palm. "Where did you get this" she asked. Her pets were magical, allowing them to travel between planets with no need for starships, and she recognized the handwriting on the note. It was a simple message. See me again. Don't go anywhere, I'll come to you. One week from now. 10 pm. Get a good distance away from that base. Keep quiet about it, this is important. "What on Earth" she exclaimed. "Felix, did he give this to you to deliver to me?" Felix cawed. Then a large female lion rushed up to her. "And Crystal" she said. "Change form." Crystal turned back into the familiar black cat with white fur on her face. She rubbed up against Abby's leg, mewling. "I know, I hate it here too. Arian goes out of her way to tease me about Ben. I can hardly get any proper training in, and I haven't heard from dad for a long time." Crystal jerked her furry head, like follow me . Felix screeched and took flight, following the cat as it began to dart away. Abby jogged after her pets. They led her deep into the snowy forest. One of the reasons Abby hated being with the Knights of Ren was because their base was nearby the site of the recently blown up Starkiller base, in the same system for Zeus's sakes. The place had a similar climate and similar terrain. Luckily Abby had liked the environment of the Starkiller enough that she wasn't miserable from the memory of her defeat in the forest, but it did taint the image. Then she began to hear laughter. Childish and lighthearted, but faint laughter. Her pets guided her closer, until she was staring at a clearing, washed in moonlight. Abby had snuck out of the base at night, desperate for an escape. She could hear her own heart beat as she walked out into the clearing. Then she saw it. A blurry image of two children, running around, chasing each other, laughing. Abby's breathing nearly stopped. She had to remind herself to breathe as she watched the image of her and a young Ben Solo play in the snowy clearing. "Adorable, isn't it" a voice said. "He's been in love with you from the very first day, he was just so young he didn't know it was love yet." Abby wheeled around to see the Titaness Rhea standing at just a few feet behind her. "Hello sweetie" she said, opening her arms. Abby didn't hesitate. She ran into her mother's arms. "Mom, what are you doing here" she asked. "And what are they.........?" Rhea smiled warmly at her youngest child, shaking her head. "I'm here because I haven't seen my daughter face-to-face in years" she said. "And they're here-" She gestured to the blurry images. "Because you need to understand Ben Solo's feelings." "Why" Abby said. "I already understand them. He loves me." "He's loved you since the very beginning" Rhea said. "You must understand how much he loves you. He didn't fear you when you were cold and cynical. He didn't fear you when you appeared to have lost your mind!" "I know that, he was nice to me" Abby said. "He helped me. But I've got to-" Rhea shook her head. "Listen to me sweetie." Abby looked down at the toes of her shoes. It had been years upon years since her mother had called her sweetie . Like all children, she had pretended to hate it, but there had been days when she would have given anything to hear it one more time. "I had such high hopes" Rhea continued. "That I would get to raise you." Abby's head snapped up again. "Say what now?" "You know the story like the back of your hand" Rhea prompted. "I did not get to raise a single one of my children. As the Titan of Motherhood........that's a little discouraging. I thought you and I would get to live in peace, but your birth should have been a sign that Kronos was stirring from the depths of Tartarus. I should have tried harder to protect you." "You don't know, do you" Abby said. "Know what" Rhea asked, blinking in confusion. "Kronos didn't kidnap me or something crazy like that. I called him" Abby informed her mother. "But why sweetie" Rhea exclaimed. "Why on Earth would you call him, I had warned you so many times not to!" "The Olympians banished me." "They did what?! " "Oh, so they never told you" Abby snapped, bitter and disgusted. "Typical. They blamed my disappearance on Kronos and covered the whole thing up!" "What happened" Rhea asked. "I made a mistake, and I'll admit that" Abby sighed. "I practiced my magic in the throne room, interrupted a meeting, caused some property damage, the whole nine yards. They threw me out, had the minor godlings and nymphs chase me off the mountain. I tried my magic again, got them off my tail, but knocked myself off the mountain in the process." Abby stopped talking suddenly. Rhea looked like she wanted to cry. "Oh, sweetie" she said. "But why did you call him?" "Because you didn't come" Abby said. "I landed in a dumpster, which spared me from splattering into a grease spot, but it wasn't pleasant either. I fell out, landed on the pavement, and I tried to call you. You didn't come." "Abby" Rhea said. "I sensed that there was something wrong, but Kronos had set up a diversion. I understand now, he was blocking me from sensing your call." "So I called on Kronos instead" Abby said, standing a bit straighter. "And he came to me, right away. He asked me to join him, and I agreed. Now, I guess, I'm here." Rhea stared at her daughter. She was taller then Abby, being a Titan, and Abby met her gaze. "Mom.." Abby said faintly. "My daughter" Rhea said. "My little sweet, happy, kind little daughter. My poor girl. Oh Abby, Abby, what has happened to you?" "The Olympians haven't done a good job ruling the world" Abby said. "Of course, Kronos needs a queen to rule the world alongside him. And I sure would love it if my mother was here." Rhea sighed forlornly, shaking her head at Abby's offer to join her. "Marrying Kronos was the worst mistake I've ever made" Rhea warned. "I don't want a similar fate to befall you, you've already had enough go wrong, it's practically fractured your mind. I've warned the Olympians to leave you alone, stop tampering with your mind. Or else....." Rhea seemed to be able to voice threats just as well as Kronos or Abby could, because that or else was terrifying. "I don't want you to end up like I did. Stuck in an unhappy marriage. I don't want you to end up like your sisters. Forever alone because they can't trust any Olympian man to be faithful. But I think you know a perfectly good human, he loves you very much. And, need I mention, there's nothing important about it. He just wants to see you." Rhea turned Abby around, pointing to the image of the children. It flickered. Suddenly it showed them full-grown, during their confrontation in the forest. Ben didn't look scared. Abby hadn't noticed this, she'd been too busy with other things. He was just a Jedi to her. "I suppose I have to let you go" Rhea said. "I never expected it to be that soon, but I must. You may chose your own path from here. Just be careful. Fate grows dimmer, the future more clouded. And don't forget." "Forget what" Abby asked. "That nothing can overpower the power of love. You know what I'm talking about." Then Rhea dissolved, along with the images. "The power of love" Abby repeated. "That was either some cheap Aphrodite slogan or a prediction of the future. Probably just the usual cryptic godly advice." Crystal mewled, like That means something! She was right, you do know what she's talking about. "What, the Harry Potter books" Abby said sarcastically, but inside she was thinking Rhea had intentionally referenced the books. Perhaps she was saying something about a mothers love, or friendship. Probably both. Abby sighed. At least she would get to see Ben that time next week. She had missed him, though she would never admit it. Felix landed on her shoulder, nipping her ear affectionately. She stroked his feathers, while Crystal padded along at her heels. She hummed a tune, a Disney tune. Honestly, she would get those songs out of her head when the skies fell down. "No chance, no way! I won't say it, no no!" She could imagine her pets singing the part of the Muses. You swoon, you sigh, why deny it, uh-oh? She laughed aloud, a good, real laugh that was of a kind she hadn't given in quite a long while. "Talk about cliche " she muttered. "Oh well. I suppose I'll see him this time next week, won't I?" Crystal purred. "At least out loud" Abby sang softly. "I won't say I'm love...." Felix cawed in what might have been a laugh, and Crystal mewled in approval. "Honestly" Abby said. "That movie studio has touched the lives of just about everyone who has been on Earth for at least a week. I will never get those songs out of my head, neither will I get the musicals out of my head either. Oh well. Such is the life of whatever hopeless mess I claim to be." Abby looked up at the sky. Something told her a lot of time had passed. "We'd better get back before Arian sends out the search party" she joked, and began making good time through the woods. Notes: -Author- There you go. Harry Potter reference, Classic musical references in general, and Disney? Abby was right. I will stop referencing that stuff when the skies fall down. Such is the life of a teenager with too many things to fangirl over. (Or, as Abby says, a hopeless mess) XOX, AbbyGrace31415 P.S. I'm proud of myself. I didn't make a Fiddler On The Roof Matchmaker joke. (FYI, Matchmaker is a song in Fiddler On The Roof where three girls sing about romance) Chapter 18 : Ripped At Every Edge, But Still A Masterpiece "Whoa, didn't think it was that bad, I thought you healed" Arian announced loudly as she caught sight of the scar on Abby's side. Abby silently cursed herself for wearing a crop-top, because it brought unnecessary stares from the male Knights of Ren and a lot of loud comments from Arian. Her face blushed a deep shade of pink and she traced a finger up the scar on her side, or what was visible of it. The long black sleeves of the top had made her think it was a regular shirt, until she put it on, but she couldn't be bothered to change after that. "Things like that leave a mark Arian" she replied. "Would you like me to make an example?" She took a step closer to the female Knight, her sword gripped tightly in her hand. "What do you think would leave a more permanent scar" she asked. "Celestial bronze or a lightsaber?" "I dunno" Arian said carelessly. "Good" Abby said. "Don't give me an excuse to find out." Lucky for Arian, Abby was in a fairly good mood that day. That night was the night she would get to see Ben. She turned around and marched over to the bench, fastening her black cloak around her shoulders. It covered up her exposed midriff, or at least a little. "I suppose I'll be training in this now" she muttered. "Like I ever bother to take it off during actual fights." She spun her sword around in her hand. She loved the feel of the weapon, how it balanced in her grip, had some actual weight to it. Lightsabers worked too, and it took a special type of skill to wield both at once. Of course, Abby had always been naturally gifted with weapons. No average Joe could wield a scythe as easily as she could, but she saved that for special fights, like with monsters or gods. Humans simply weren't important enough to be slain by her scythe. Three feet of Stygian iron for the blade itself, five feet of oak wrapped in Celestial bronze for the handle. At the dead center of the handle was a foot-long span of leather for a grip, studded at the edges with Celestial bronze. On impulse, she took the scythe out. Her hand fit perfectly around the grip. Of course, only her father got to wield the Scythe, the very first weapon in creation, but her very own scythe was awesome enough. She put her sword away, pressing the button that caused it to collapse into the hilt, much like a lightsaber, and clipped it to her belt. She began practicing simple slashes at the air, cut and parry, spin it around behind her back and bring the blade down in a surprise attack. It had taken years for her to learn how to do that stuff without cutting her own limbs off. There was a round of clapping from the side of the training area. Arian was applauding her. "Three cheers for the show-off" she called. "Three cheers for the jerkface" Abby replied, planting the end of her scythe on the ground with a crack. The Celestial bronze couldn't break, but the stone floor could. She smirked at Arian, just trying to warn her what the weapon could do to a person if Abby wanted it to. Bring it on Arian mouthed. Come at me Abby mouthed back. Arian took out her lightsaber. It took her less then two seconds to be directly in front of Abby, and their blades connected with an ear-splitting CLANG! Abby lay awake in her bed. She waited for hours until she was absolutely sure that Arian was asleep, then she got up and changed back into her clothes. A crop-top, black pants, lace-up boots, and a warm cloak, because she didn't doubt it would be cold. It was half an hour before ten. She rushed out of the base, walking into the forest. It was freezing cold and snowing heavily. Abby didn't need light, her sight was like a falcons. Her boots crunched in the fresh powder, her footprints erased by the falling snow. It was dark in the forest, and she felt lonely without her pets by her side. She climbed up a rocky hill and dropped down into a place she'd never seen before. A frozen lake extended for about a mile, and on the other side..... The blazing lights of the Millennium Falcon lit up the lake. The ice and snow sparkled. Abby tentatively placed a foot on the ice. It didn't shift or crack. Another step. So far so good. She took another step. Still good. She began to walk faster. All of a sudden she was running across the icy lake, even thought that was the last thing she probably should have done, as the ice could crack at any moment. She saw a figure standing outside the Falcon, a figure that could be mistaken for no one but; "Ben" she cried breathlessly, her face breaking into a huge grin. Then she realized how childish she must look. She reverted her expression to a rather serious one and said "You have something important to tell me?" Ben raised an eyebrow at her, his eyes tracing the outline of her body. "A crop top" he said. "While it's snowing. At night." He looked like he wanted to laugh. Suddenly it hit Abby. In all honesty she hated revealing her body to anyone. She had so many scars, all over her, it was embarrassing. She pulled her cloak closer around her. "You must be freezing" Ben said. "Cm'ere." Abby walked a bit closer to him. "Follow me." He walked onto the Falcon. Abby followed him. It was warmer inside the ship, Abby's entire body was enveloped with heat, but she still shivered. The snow that had caught in her chocolate-brown hair was melting, sending little drips of ice-cold water down her back. Ben still had his back turned to her. She felt an impulse rise inside of her. She drew closer to him. Gods, she wanted to touch his waves of shiny black hair. She wanted to hold him. She wanted him to hold her . "You do realize how open your mind is" he said. Abby's face turned a brighter pink then it had that morning in the training room when Arian had pointed out her scar. She knew the Jedi had read her mind and heard every single thought she had just gone through. Ben turned around. "But that's okay" he added. He put his large hand on her cheek. His long fingers ran along her hairline. Her hair had been soaked by the melting snow. She blamed impulsiveness for what she did next. Abby grabbed his collar and pulled him close to her, right to her lips. His lips attacked hers, quickly taking control. They battled for dominance and Abby surely lost, so instead she ran her fingers through his raven-dark hair, pulling him closer to her, deepening the kiss. There was something about that moment that made the kiss go on and on, no need to take a breath, they only needed each other in that one moment. Then that moment ended. Abby was hit with something that felt like an emotional load of bricks, and she did not need any more of those. Ben was still holding onto her, their faces inches apart. "Why do you love me" Abby whispered. Ben seemed taken aback. "What do you mean" he asked. "I mean why " Abby repeated. "I'm mentally unstable. I'm not even on your side!" "I know you're ripped at every edge" Ben said. "But you're still a masterpiece." Abby stared at him. "What do you mean" she asked. "I mean you're beautiful" he said. "I love you Abby. I loved you when we were younglings at the Jedi temple, I loved you when I thought you were dead, I loved you when you captured and tortured me, I love you now. If anything was going to change, it already would have." Ben planted a flutter of kisses all over her face, ending at her lips. Abby relaxed. She had been tense up until that point, because it had been nagging at her-what if he was faking it? What if he was working for someone, and purposely getting her to spill her secrets. "You know what Ben" she said quietly. "I think I love you too." Chapter 19 : Loyalties Change Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Abby and Ben kept meeting like that. Sending messages via her falcon on when to meet, and keeping their relationship a well-protected secret. After a month or so of this Abby still lived at the Knights base, but she was finally called back to see her father in person, but only for a day, just to check up on her progress. Meanwhile the Resistance needed a morale booster. So a few of the higher-ranking officials surprised everyone else with the prospect of a party that evening, which was relieving to Ben, so he didn't have to spend the whole night wishing he could have seen Abby. Arian Hux was pleased with both of these occurrences, especially the fact that they happened on the same day. She gathered her Knights and devised a plan to crash the party. And yes, she felt like they were her Knights. She had been there longer then that show-off, spoiled brat Abby Grace. She had trained harder. Abby just had talent and some showy powers. Arian also knew it would really annoy Abby if she did something like this, because Abby had been showing a certain amount of compassion towards the puny Resistance lately. Arian was sure her father would straighten her out over those views, but she couldn't resist the perfect opportunity to annoy her superior. So the Knights of Ren waited until nightfall, boarded their ships, and were gone, heading for the Resistance base. Ben was enjoying himself. Poe Dameron had outdone himself this time. When he said morale booster there had been a lot of raised eyebrows, but this was a morale booster if anyone had ever seen one. Music, dancing, food, the whole enchilada. Ben was standing, watching Rey dance with Finn. He could tell that those two liked each other. Then there was a sound from outside the hall. The music, talking, and laughter died down. Lightsabers were being ignited right outside the door. Ben went for his own weapon, but the door blasted off it's hinges two seconds after everyone realized that there was someone hostile outside the door. The Knights of Ren poured into the room. Three or four of them went straight for the Jedi, including a ginger-headed and unmasked woman, who disarmed all three Jedi in one swift stroke. She collected their lightsabers and clipped them to her belt for safekeeping, as she was clearly the leader of the group. Then she walked over to stand in the center of the room and survey the chaos as the Knights of Ren trashed the place. The tinkling of broken glass and tearing of cloth and terrified screams of Resistance members replaced the music and laughter that had filled the hall only seconds before. Three Knights kept the Jedi pinned in a corner, lightsabers at their throats. Had any of them attempted to make a move their heads would have been cut off. Then a dark presence passed over the room like a cloud. Ben recognized that presence. "She didn't organize this" he choked. "Did she?" "Wouldn't put it past her" Rey mumbled. "Silence" ordered the Knight in the center. A pool of darkness billowed into the room, pouring from the ceiling. The could touched the floor and an all-too-familiar figure stepped out of it. Lady Shade was standing there, her scythe drawn. "ENOUGH" she roared. About half of the Knights payed her attention, while those such as the ones guarding the Jedi continued their work. "I SAID ENOUGH" Abby repeated, her voice echoing through the hall, no need to be magnified. This time everyone froze and turned to look at her. The ginger woman looked furious. "You-You" she spluttered. "You are in no place to order my Knights around!" "I am the daughter of the Supreme Leader" Abby said, pounding the end of her scythe on the ground in a commanding way. "So, as it turns out, I am in a place to order these Knights around. You are under my command Arian Hux." Arian's face turned as red as her hair. "You have compassion for the enemy, it's obvious" she stuttered furiously. "I don't see why this type of attack is necessary" Abby replied coolly. "If they want to party, let them party. We can go back to killing each other tomorrow." "You're a traitor" Arian yelled shrilly. Abby pointed the tip of her scythe blade at Arian's chest. "Speak to me that way again" she said darkly. "And you will find yourself spending the good part of this century in a shadowrealm of my own creation and believe me , you will not like it." Arian didn't back down. "I don't need to talk" she snarled, then she snapped her fingers. Between the two darksiders and snake curled into being on the floor. Abby jumped back at least a foot, her mouth and eyes wide in a silent scream. The snake-a black mamba-turned towards her and hissed, baring it's venomous fangs. Abby set her teeth, raising her boot as if to step on the creature. But before she had the chance to a bird and a cat both bore down upon the animal, proceeding to rip it to shreds. Something about the way it died, shredding into a thousand bits of darkness, told Ben the snake had only been an illusion. "Birds and cats beat snakes" Abby said triumphantly, her pets scurrying and flying to her side. "Every. Single. Time." Arian creased her brow. The other Knights were forming ranks behind her, as if prepared to fight the Titaness, but everyone who had seen Abby fight before knew it was hopeless, including the Knights themselves. The ones guarding the Jedi didn't leave their post. Lady Shade swept over to said Knights, her face boiling with fury. "Get away from the Jedi" she snarled. The Knights bowed and backed away from her. She extended her hand to Arian like she was asking for something. Arian shook her head, and Abby rolled her eyes with a long sigh of annoyance. Three lightsabers flew into her hand, which she tossed to their Jedi owners. "Now all of you" she said. "Go, back to your base. I'll be there in a few minutes." She snapped her fingers, and every single Knights dissolved. Arian had a look of utter hatred plastered on her face, but then she and her Knights were gone. Abby sighed again, shaking her head. "Honestly" she said. "That woman will listen to me when Ares and Athena learn to get along. Anyway, let's see about this..." She surveyed the damage that had been done, then snapped her fingers. A few sparks fell from them. "Simple fix" she said, before raising her arms. "Γυρίστε πίσω το ρολόι" she chanted in Greek. "Επαναφέρω, φρεσκάρω, ανανεώνω. Fix ό, τι έχει σπάσει και να το βελτιώσουμε!" Light and color swirled around the room, restoring everything that had been destroyed by the Knights of Ren. But there was a touch of magic to everything now. The dance floor shone and the tables were full of exotic but tasty-looking foods. Comfortable chairs were scattered around to sit at, along with tables for eating and drinking. Abby nodded satisfactorily. "My work here is done" she said, and began to head for the door. Ben ran after her. "Why did you do that" he asked, placing a hand on her shoulder. Abby winced as though he had pained her. "Because it's the right thing to do" she said, and tried to leave, but this time Ben caught the edge of her cloak, moving it aside just enough to reveal........... A series of marks that looked rather like marks fresh from a whipping were along her back, her shirt torn from the recent beating. "Abby, who did this to you" Ben cried, appalled. Abby narrowed her eyes, her lips a thin line. Ben tried to push her cloak aside farther and get a good look at what the three vertical marks on her back were, but she turned around and slapped his hand away with a sharp whack ! "Don't touch me" she snarled. "If you want to party, party, not like I care." "Of course you care, why did fix everything if you didn't" Ben objected. "You're pushing your luck" Abby snarled. "What do you expect me to do now, start dancing around throwing flowers?" "Why are you mad at me " Ben asked. "Did I get you in trouble?!" "Yes" Abby said readily, and turned her back to him. Then Ben realized why those marks were there. "Snoke didn't" he said, his throat as dry as a dessert. "He didn't-" Ben couldn't choke out another sentence, even if he tried. So Rey stepped up. "What do you think you're doing" she demanded of Abby. "You shouldn't be here, we should arrest you! It'll make this whole war go a lot quicker if you weren't making trouble all the time!" Ben saw what was going to happen before it did. He stepped in front of Rey, but Abby didn't notice. "Same to you" she snarled and turned, swinging her scythe. A look of horror crossed her face as she saw that Ben was standing in front of his cousin. She managed to turn the blade in her hand so that it didn't run him through. Instead the scythe sliced across his chest, ripping his shirt in two. The wound was shown by a line of blood and a deep cut. Abby dropped the scythe, her hands moving to her mouth. "I didn't mean it" she whispered, horrified, almost on the edge of tears. "I can.........I can fix this." Luke Skywalker moved forward, as did Han, Leia, and Chewie. Abby backed up quickly, tripping over her cloak and falling on the palms of her hands as they bore down on her. She looked terrified, like a little girl caught in the act of doing something bad. "I didn't mean it" she said again. Smoke was rising off of her, pitch-black, forming figures in the air. A scream echoed in the room. "I didn't mean it!" A girl was wailing in horror, her smoky figure sobbing before another, much taller man. "GO! BACK TO THE MORTAL WORLD, WHERE YOU BELONG!" The voice of an unfamiliar man roared down at the small girls figure. Abby threw her hands up, as if to shield her eyes. "I DIDN'T MEAN IT" she screamed. "After all these years" she muttered. "You still don't believe me." "Arrest her" General Leia ordered. The figures dissolved, and Resistance troopers came forward to put their blasters against Lady Shade's head. She lowered her gaze to the ground. "I am nothing" she muttered. "I've made the same mistake twice. Go on then. Kill me." The trooper to her left looked at Leia. Leia stared down at Abby. She looked on the verge of allowing her troops to kill her when Ben cried; "No!" Every head turned to him. He winced, before saying "Please don't kill her. Please!" "Why shouldn't we" Rey said. "She's dangerous. She'll kill us all if her father wants her to." "No she won't" Ben insisted. "You just-" "Spoke the truth" Abby said. "If I am destructive and disruptive and dangerous then what is the point of my life? Go on. Prove to me that you are the gods heroes. Kill me." Leia shook her head. "Take her to a cell" she ordered. "Ben, you go to the medbay. We'll speak to you later. Everyone else..........." She looked around at the newly restored hall. Everyone was looking rather upset. Leia looked like she wanted to say something, but didn't. Ben picked up Abby's scythe, watching as she was led away. He left the hall after her. "I suppose the party is over" Luke said sadly. "Yes, I suppose" Leia agreed. "Everyone, go back to your posts." Everyone left the hall, talking quietly in twos or threes. The smoky figures had dissolved, but they seemed to hang over everyone like a black cloud. Notes: -Author- I warned you it was going to get dark. I had a happier ending for this part planned, but then the darkness was just like join us, and I was like, *shrugs and goes to the dark side*. Abby's imprisonment is going to bring about some important stuff, so be prepared for that! Don't forget to vote and comment if you enjoyed! XOX, AbbyGrace31415 Chapter 20 : Drowning In Regret Summary: Shameless Fiddler On The Roof parody/reference in this chapter. #ihavetoomanythingstofangirlover Half-filler, half-plot-device, just so you know. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Abby buried her face in her hands. "I hurt Ben" she whispered. "Just like I knew I would. I warned him-it's his fault. He didn't heed my warning. H-" She broke down sobbing. There was no way she could blame this on Ben. She looked around the all-but-empty cell, which she'd been in for hours. She should have known this would happen. But what was the Resistance going to do with her? She was too dangerous to be kept alive. And her mission would fail, the gods would go on, she would never get revenge for the way she had been treated by them all her life- The cell door opened. It was Ben. Abby turned away from him, pulling her knees up to her chest. "Go away" she said bitterly. "I don't want to hurt you again." "You didn't mean to, I was in the way" Ben said. "But you meant to hurt Rey. That's the difference. Now you mean to hurt people. Abby Grace didn't mean to hurt people." Abby got up, facing him. "Yes I did" she said. "And I mean everything I do." "Then you meant it when you said you loved me" Ben stated angrily. "I never said anything of the sort" Abby muttered. "Yes you did" Ben demanded. "You told me you loved me! Or are you the one faking?" Abby's mouth dropped open. "I warned you that your mind was wide open" Ben said. Abby shut her eyes, blinking tears out of them. "I'm going to get in even more trouble with Snoke for this" Abby said. "I shouldn't be imprisoned-wait. Why didn't you just let them kill me?" "Because it was the right thing to do" Ben said. Abby made a face. "Don't stuff my own words back down my throat" she snapped. "I know there's more then that." "I've told you before, but you don't seem to believe that I mean it" Ben said. "You can't love a monster" Abby said dismissively. "Yes I can! I can and I do. Just forget this, forget your stupid revenge, forget Snoke, forget the gods-all of it. Forget all of it! You don't have to live this way!" "But I do" Abby said. She turned her back to him. The three long marks were still fresh on her back. "Tell me where you got those" Ben said. "If you were beaten I'm going to have something to say about that." "Well, lucky you, I wasn't" Abby said crossly. "I'm not supposed to tell anyone about this though......." "Tell me" Ben demanded. Abby looked down. "My father saw it necessary to punish me" she said. "This is going to sound weird, just bear with me, okay?" "Okay." "Snoke has a lot of monster minions at his disposal, so this time he summoned a dracaena -a snake woman, and from what happened back there it's clear that I hate snakes-who was also a retiarius . That's a Roman form of fighting with a net and a trident. The rules are that I can't wear any armor to the battle, just my clothes-that means no cloaks or arm guards or anything. I'm not allowed to use my powers and I may pick one weapon-one weapon only-to use during the fight." "I don't see why that's a punishment" Ben said. "From what you're making it sound like it's a fun little challenge for you, you could take down something like that in an instant." "And my father knows that" Abby said. "So he makes sure it's a punishment. The final rule-my opponent gets one cheapshot in on me, and I can't heal it until twenty-four hours after the battle." "But what if it gets infected or something like that" Ben asked, aghast. "That's part of the punishment as well" Abby said. "I behave and follow orders most of the time because I've learned to toe the line from this. It's kind of like I have to prove myself again if I break a rule. And yes, I know it sounds messed up, but I'm surprised nothing more messed up has happened, since this is Kronos we're talking about." "But why " Ben asked. "Why on Earth did he punish you like that? What for?" "He's realized I'm doing something I shouldn't be, and it's interfering with my training. Doesn't know exactly what, but he's not happy that my training is being stalled." "I'm sorry" Ben muttered, lowering his head. "I didn't think I would get you in such trouble." "Believe me Ben" Abby added darkly. "Kronos can do much, much worse. Remember how I threatened Arian?" Ben nodded. "What about it?" "If an entity like myself is powerful enough they can create whole other realms-it's like having your own private planet. Kronos and I are both powerful enough to do stuff like that. I was threatening her with a shadowrealm of torture. And, believe me, if you were mouthed off by one person as much as she has mouthed off to me, you'd want to stuff her in a torture shadowrealm too." Abby rolled her eyes. "The jerkface" she muttered under her breath. She sat back down, leaning against the cell wall. Ben got down next to her, taking her face in his hands. "Do you love me Abby" he asked. "Do I what" Abby said. "Do you love me" Ben repeated. "Do I love you" Abby muttered, turning her face away from him. "Well" Ben asked expectantly. "You'd think from that cut I've done something to you" Abby muttered. "Maybe I've hit you harder then I thought." "No Abby, I'm asking you a question" Ben said. "Do you love me?" "You're a fool" Abby said sharply. "I know" Ben said. Abby stared at the opposite wall. Rhea says he's loved me from the very first day. Kronos says to stay away from the Jedi. I say that he's sweet and he will not flipping give up, but even when he's annoying I like it. "Do you love me Abby" he asked again. "I don't know" Abby sighed. "I just-" Ben shook his head. "You can never seem to make up your mind" he said. "Oh, I'm trustworthy" Abby assured him. "It's just that I don't trust other people." "Why not" Ben asked. " This is how you repay me for getting the Knights of Ren to leave you alone and probably earning myself another punishment? I have every right not to trust people." "You don't trust me." Ben looked away from her. "You don't trust me. Trust was all we had." "If you're done with me, just say so" Abby said. "I'm tired of being played with." "Oh, so now I played you" Ben said. "You make it sound like I cheated on you!" "This is the stupidest, most high-school-sounding argument I've ever been a part of" Abby assessed. "And that includes when we were high-school-age for Zeus's sakes!" "You and your cynical jokes" Ben said. "I'll come back when Lady Shade is gone." And he left. He might as well have slapped her across the face and shocked her less. Ben Solo wasn't the kind of person who just walked out like that. But he just did that. He just did that. Abby felt like punching a wall. Why didn't just answer his flipping question, why didn't she just say yes or no ?! "Because it's not that simple" she said. "It's just isn't. He and I..........we complete each other, but we fight like cats and dogs! Verbally, physically, mentally even." There was something about saying things out loud that helped keep back the realization, but then it came down on her. "I was just dumped. I was just flipping dumped. And why? Because Aphrodite thinks it's funny to make this like a high-school drama in space! We're adults! We're.........." Abby sat down. "I guess now we're nothing" she said quietly. "Oh well. Now all I've got to do is think of a way out of here." Notes: -Author- I know, this chapter is kind of bad, I wrote this really fast, but I do have a new tag for all dark!Abby stories: #evilpinklightsaber Yep. Because I just had to share it with you guys. It's one of my greatest ideas to date. XOX, AbbyGrace31415 P.S. #evilpinklightsaber for the win! Chapter 21 : "You're A Goddess, And I Want To Worship You" Summary: Warning: NSFW, over-the-top, smutty smut! (And some swearing) Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Ben knew he shouldn't have said any of that. Over the days he had to think about it the interaction just got worse and worse. But he knew Abby wouldn't forgive him for just leaving like that. Finally, a few days later, he just couldn't stand it. He was going to go back and apologize to her, even if she didn't listen to him. When the door opened she was standing with her back to the door. "Abby" he said. "I was just thinking about what I said a few days ago and I've realized how stupid that was." She said nothing. Nor did she move. The only sign that she was alive was the rise and fall of her chest as she breathed. "I shouldn't have said stuff like that-" "Just shut up" Abby said, so suddenly he jumped. "How am I supposed to resent you if you're acting all hero-y and whatnot?!" "So...I shouldn't apologize for being an jackass" Ben asked, confused. Abby turned around. She uncrossed her arms, instead placing her hands on her hips, her head tilted to one side. "Honestly" she said. "You want me to explain? Fine." She moved forward, taking Ben by the collar. She pressed her lips against the shell of his ear. " You know I can take whatever I want" she whispered hotly. " You can give me what I want...or I'll take it. " She moved her lips from his ear to his lips, kissing him passionately. As always with their kisses, Ben managed to dominate her, but she liked it. Ben pushed her up against the cell wall, deepening the kiss. He bit down gently on her lower lip, begging for entry. As he expected, she playfully denied him. She hooked her leg around his waist, and he ran his hand along her thigh, keeping the other on her side. Her lips parted just enough for him to thrust his tongue into her mouth, deepening the kiss. Ben began moving his lips lower, leaving small love bites on her neck. He bit down on her tender, unmarked flesh and she gave a small moan. He ran his hand up from her thigh, over her perfect curves and her breasts, all of which were covered by her black training shirt. He began to pull her shirt off. Underneath she was wearing a bra, which he made quick work of and tossed aside, giving him full view of her breasts and upper body. Her face flushed red. "What's wrong" he asked. "Am I embarrassing you?" Abby didn't answer, instead glancing down at herself and tracing one finger up a long white mark on her side. Suddenly Ben realized exactly how many marks covered her arms and upper body. There were scars on her stomach and arms and sides, and he didn't doubt on her back as well. Ben lowered himself a bit more, kissing the scars on her arms and stomach and the long, pale white mark he'd left on her side. While he was doing this one of his hands was carefully toying with her breasts, his fingers drawing circles around her nipple. He pinched down suddenly, causing her give a sharp gasp, then moved his head up. He sucked greedily at her tit, listening intently for every time she moaned. He ran his fingers down her taut abdomen, pushing her leggings and panties down her legs. She stepped out of them. It took him a second to take her in, fully naked. "You're beautiful" he muttered. She really did look like a goddess. Her face was still a light shade of pink, and she blushed a little bit more thanks to this compliment. Abby felt a warm feeling traveling through her, flattered by his attention to her body. He got his knees in front of her. "You're a goddess" he said, looking up at her. "And I want to worship you." Abby felt the space between her legs soften and become slick, his words alone turned her on that fucking much. His large hand clasped her thigh, pushing her legs apart. She was already wet for him, the fluids of her arousal dripping from her bud. Ben began planting lazy kisses on her thigh, taking his time and making sure to leave some marks on her. He had already left scars on her from battle-now he wanted to leave marks of his love on her. He placed a wide, open-mouthed kiss on her sex. " Ohhh " she moaned. " Ah...f-fuck... " She felt his teeth graze her clit, a sharp moan escaping her lips as his tongue darted between her slick folds. He loved how vocal she was, her moans turned him on. Ben flicked his tongue along her soaked folds, pushing it in between her hot walls. Her breathing became heavier as her orgasm approached. He moved his mouth to her swollen and neglected clit, taking her bud in his mouth and sucking on it. " Ahh, yes, please, just like that " she babbled, hurtling towards her release. Ben put his hand back over her cunt, very carefully pushing his fingers into her entrance as well. She nearly screamed with pleasure as he pounded his fingers into her, keeping his wide, hot mouth on her clit. " Oh my gods, BEN, FUCK " she screamed, her walls clenching around his roaming digits. Her cum coated his lips and chin, and he made sure to lick up every bit of the sweet fluids. He pulled away, moving his hands to her hips. She was shaking from the aftershocks of her orgasm. "Do you think you can go again" Ben asked her quietly. Abby gulped down some air, the nodded. "Yes, fuck yes" she said quickly. Ben stood up from his position on the floor in front of her. Now Abby noticed that he had a raging hard on. She blinked. "You see what you did to me" Ben whispered huskily in her ear. "You turn me on, just the way I turn you on, right?" "Right" Abby said, forcing herself not to stare at his erection, but it was difficult. She had never had sex before, and she was hardly ever anxious about anything, but this made her rather nervous. She didn't doubt Ben would be able to satisfy her, she'd never felt such intense pleasure in her life before he had used his mouth on her like that, she just wondered if she could satisfy him . Ben tossed off the outer layer of his Jedi robes, beginning to undress his upper body. He tossed his tunic aside, and Abby took a moment to memorize his body as well. He was pretty muscular, with eight-pack abs. Once again, she did her best not to stare. He began to undress his lower regions, removing his pants and boxers. His manhood sprung forward. Ben sensed a small wave of anxiousness ripple off of Abby. He glanced at her. "Are you alright" he asked her. Abby swallowed, then nodded. Ben creased his forehead. "Really" he said. Abby sighed. "I guess I am a little nervous" she stated, trying not to break eye contact with him. "You're a virgin" Ben said, but it sounded more like a question then he meant. He'd honestly expected it. "Yeah" Abby said. Ben nodded, and placed his hands firmly against the wall. He pushed his massive erection up against her bare arousal. He leaned in for another kiss, his lips roaming over her neck and collarbone. Abby felt her face grow hot with anticipation, a warm flush creeping down her chest. "This is going to hurt" he warned. He pushed into her, his shaft sliding smoothly into her slick, tight walls. Abby bit her lip so hard she drew blood, but did not make a sound. Ben repeated the motion, this time sinking a bit further into the confining space of her cunt. She felt her walls stretch to accommodate his size. He quickened the pace just a tiny bit, cupping his hand around her chin. "Is this alright" he asked her between his thrusts. Abby nodded bravely, only her eyes betraying a portion of the pain lacing her virgin cunt. Ben continued his movements, and with each of his thrusts the pain lessened, until it was practically nonexistent. Abby tilted her head back, her eyes glazed. Ben started to move faster, beginning to pound into her. She put her arms around his neck, wrapping her legs around his waist. A sharp gasp escaped her lips as the angle of his thrusts changed, causing his cock to nudge that one perfect spot inside of her silken channel. " Ahhh " she moaned. She moved her hips against his, meeting his thrusts. Ben gave a well-deserved groan, burying his face in the waves of her hair. She smelled like vanilla, the way she always did. He swiveled his hips to push his length farther into her snug core, his slick palms nearly slipping on the metal wall of the cell. "So... fucking ...tight" he muttered. "I could get used to this." Abby shut her eyes, her breasts bouncing on her chest from the motion, once again feeling that her orgasm was approaching. Ben had a similar feeling boiling within him, the way her walls clenched around his shaft sending him hurtling towards the peak of his release. Ben kissed her again, muffling her moans. He bit down on her lower lip, pulling away from her. " Cum " he whispered. " Cum for me ." His words sent her flying over the edge, her walls spasming and stimulating every inch of his stiff member. Ben let out a low groan as her walls milked him. He hung on for a few more seconds, before finishing inside of her. "Fuck..." Abby moaned. Then it came to her attention exactly where they were. "Shit, what if someone heard us" she asked. Ben began to pull on his clothing. "I doubt it" he said. "This place was empty when I came down here." Abby reached for her clothes. They were scattered along the floor of the cell. She put on everything except her cloak, which was spread out on the sheet of metal that served for a bed in the cell. A condescending smile crossed her lips. Ben raised his eyebrow at her. "I don't like that look" he said. "It usually means you're going to do something crazy." "Crazy, me" Abby said, sitting down on her bed and crossing her legs at the knee. "Ridiculous." Ben grinned and came over, planting a kiss on her cheek. "I guess I'll see you later" he said. A small smile crept onto his angular face as well. Abby winked, then he left the cell. Notes: -Author- My best attempt at a smut scene to date. I warned you guys that it would be over-the-top, NSFW, smutty smut. So that's how Abby and Ben made up. Naturally. XOX, AbbyGrace31415 Chapter 22 : Power Over Memories Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Arian Hux was not impressed. Especially when Snoke sent her to go pick up his daughter! This was getting ridiculous. But she did as the Supreme Leader asked. And the worst part? When she got there, after sneaking past traps and Resistance troopers and even the Jedi Padawan Rey, what was Abby Grace doing? Chilling in her cell, like she couldn't care less whether she stayed or left! "What are you doing" Arian hissed. "Oh, it's you" Abby muttered. "Well, I guess I have to leave now." "Whose side are you on" Arian demanded. " My side" Abby said. "I'm going to destroy the gods. Now let's get out of here." "Here's the deal, you're shadow-traveling us out of here" Arian said. "And when we get back I have a few things to tell your father about the Jedi Ben Solo." Arian smiled wickedly as Abby froze, then slowly turned her head to stare at Arian, her eyes gleaming dangerously. One thing the female Knight had learned about the daughter of Kronos-she was unstable. And it was hard to tell when she would do pretty much anything. That was why Arian could set her off so easily, she had learned to link certain reactions with certain situations and emotions. But she didn't see what Abby did next coming. Instead of threatening her or doing anything in retaliation Abby marched off through the cell block. Her Force signature was buzzing, pulsing, sending violent ripples through the place. Anyone with the Force would be able to sense almost exactly where she was. "What do you think you're doing" Arian demanded. "Cut that out, we'll be found." "I want people to see what I'm going to do next" Abby said, and she whirled onto the landing pad. There were loads of people there, who all froze at the sight of the darksiders-including the three Jedi. "Okay Arian" Abby said. "Let's make a spectacle of ourselves. Repeat what you said back there, what you're going to tell my father." "I'm going to have something to tell the Supreme Leader about the Jedi and you" Arian said, grinning wickedly. Her revenge was even sweeter when she got to announce the prospect in front of Ben Solo himself. But she didn't get to see his face, because Abby had moved forward until she stood in front of her. Abby raised her hand, freezing Arian in place. "You can't tell" she said. "What you can't remember." Arian was hit with a feeling like something was pulling on her skin from the outside, right between her eyes. She winced in pain as she realized what Lady Shade was doing. A misty white line flowed from her face, pooling in Abby's palm. Abby grinned, having taken what she wanted. Suddenly Arian couldn't remember what she was going to tell. "Give me that back" she yelled, like a kindergartner fighting over a toy. "I don't think so" Abby said. "I can't afford a setback like that. I'm afraid you won't be remembering this." She raised her hand, with the memory clutched in it, and smashed the memory onto the ground, where it shattered with a sound like breaking glass. Abby dusted off her hands. "That was fun" she said cheerfully. "I think we're done here, let's go." She waved her hand, and both darksiders dissolved into black smoke. Abby got a call on her personal holocommunicator the second she was back at the base. Snoke appeared, his arms crossed. "I'm not pleased that you got yourself captured. Haven't you learned to stay away from the enemy yet" he demanded. Abby sighed. "You know I have.......issues" she said. "You know there are three Jedi there!" "You killed almost every single Jedi in existence except for those three" Snoke said. "What's so special about them? The Skywalker bloodline? A blessing from the gods?" "They are the chosen heroes in this war" Abby said. "I have enough understanding of how things like this work to know that much." "Well, I share that understanding, and I have noticed that one usual point is missing" Snoke said. "One that I encountered years ago, prevented, and have hoped not to hear from since. But now I think you have been embodying that point for some time. I want you to return to the Finalizer today. We'll talk more there." "Arian is going to be happy about this" Abby muttered, before replying with "Yes Supreme Leader." Finally back on her ship, Abby felt a lot more confident and in control. She had grown to appreciate how tame General Hux was compared to his twin sister, so she wasn't as annoyed by him as he was before. She went back to her private quarters, hoping to relax. Her mind was still buzzing with all that had happened. Everything was happening so fast. But then she was called into Snoke's audience chamber. "General Hux's sister told me how you stopped them from attacking the Resistance" he said. "Tell me why you did this?" Abby looked up at him and shrugged. "Dunno" she said. "Because I like parties?" Nothing in his expression told her Snoke was buying it. "You were captured. I sent one of the Knights to pick you up, and you destroyed part of her memories. Something is up-and I want you to tell me what. What are you hiding from me?" Abby opened and closed her mouth. "I-" "Look" Snoke said. "I'm not trying to be the bad guy. I have nothing but your best interests at heart. You know you can tell me anything." Abby took a breath. For a guy who had swallowed five of his seven children he made a pretty good fatherly impression. Of course, she knew what he said was true, but he wouldn't be at all happy if she told him about her relationship with Ben Solo. She had about thirty seconds to think up a lie before something happened. But then another idea came to her head-the truth, from a certain point of view. "I'm not comfortable with saying" she said. Unlike his other minions, Snoke held respect for her and her privacy, as she was his daughter. He had learned to trust her with important secrets. When she didn't want to tell something there was almost no way to force it out of her. He nodded. "Don't think I'm not curious though" he said. "If you have anything to tell me, don't hesitate." Abby felt a sickening shift in her gut, almost a omen that he already knew. "I will complete my mission, with or without these setbacks" she assured her father. "The gods will fall by my hand." "Good" Snoke said. "Now go. That training session with the Knights of Ren should have paid off. I hope to see results." "Yes Supreme Leader" Abby said, and his holographic image faded away. Notes: -Author- I cannot wait to post the next chapter! It's going to so important to the plot, and there is going to be so much fluff because of it! *screams internally* As always, hope you guys enjoyed! XOX, AbbyGrace31415 Chapter 23 : Progeny Four weeks. Four weeks since she had last seen Ben. Abby refused to admit how much she missed him. She would almost rather still be stuck in that cell if it meant seeing him almost once a day. She would almost rather be back at the base of the Knights if it meant spending her evenings with him. But noooo, all she got was to re-live the memories she had of her times with him at any spare moment and try to go about her duties aboard the Finalizer in a orderly manner. She wondered if her heartache was what was causing her sickly appearance, because at least every other day Hux would tell her; "You don't look so good. If I were you I would stop by the medical bay." She was rather pale. Even stranger, she was having extreme mood swings. Unless she was having a fit of godly-induced mind torture, she had almost complete control over her emotions. Headaches plagued her and, once or twice, even projectile vomiting. She was having strange urges to try exotic foods she wouldn't have enjoyed any other time. Abby knew all these symptoms should add up to something, but her mind could never piece together what. In between these symptoms were long periods of work that she had to do as Lady Shade of the First Order. These clouded her mind, making her forget the symptoms until they appeared again. One morning she woke up in complete disarray, her stomach churning and her head aching. She got up, dragging herself to the bathroom for a fit of vomiting. "Gods of Olympus" she muttered as she washed her hands, after she was done vomiting and flushing the toilet. "What is wrong with me?" She rubbed her palms together, glancing up at the mirror. She froze. There was something up with her appearance. She rubbed the mirror with her sleeve, but the reflection didn't change. "What on Earth" she asked aloud. Her cheeks were rosy and looked fuller. Her breasts were larger as well. She turned, examining herself from both sides. Suddenly everything clicked. One word came to her mind, one word that matched everything that had happened since her return to the Finalizer . "That's not possible" she said. But it was. Pregnant. She couldn't be. She could. "I can't be" she said. "Not possible." Possible. "I guess I'm going to the medical bay" she announced aloud. Talking aloud when she was without company that could talk back was a habit she had developed since her pets were almost always around. They were magic, so they understood human speech and emotions. Really intelligent animals, and they had been her companions since she was born. She swept into her room to change. As she pulled off the loose blue shirt she had worn during the night she glanced down at her bare abdomen. She ran a hand over her skin. Her fingers tingled. She shut her eyes and focused. A tiny buzz in the Force came to her attention, insignificant and small, but clearly there. Perhaps it was the unborn child she was carrying in her womb. Abby was almost one hundred percent sure she was pregnant by that point, but it would be better for her peace of mind if she went to the medical bay and checked. She put on her clothing and left her room. It was very early in the morning, so she saw no one. The silence of the ship pressed into her ears. She entered the medical bay. Immediately a droid rolled up to her. "What can we do for you my lady" it whirred. "I want a full medical scan done on my person as soon as possible" Abby ordered. "Have a seat, we'll get to that right away" the droid said, gesturing towards an empty cot at the end of the ward. "And keep quiet about the results" Abby added under her breath. The droid nodded and she stalked to the end of the ward, sitting down on the cot. Her heart was thumping wildly. She breathed deeply, trying to calm herself. The droids might think something was wrong with her, she was practically hyperventilating. The medical scan was done fifteen minutes later, and after another five the results were in. "Your health is normal" the droid reported. "No illnesses, injuries, or any other harmful conditions seem to be affecting you. All your natural body functions are in order. The only thing that doesn't match your most recent mandatory health scan is this." It handed her the datapad it was reading off. "There is no easy way to put this my lady" the droid said as Abby read the readout. "It appears that you're with child. Would you like us to perform a ultrasound?" Abby glanced at the time. "How long will it take" she questioned. "I'm expected to be present on the bridge in half an hour." "Oh, less then ten minutes" the droid assured her. "Alright." "If you don't mind my lady, lie back and roll up your shirt" the droid asked. Abby obeyed, and it rolled away to pick up the equipment. When it came back it spread a cold gel over Abby's bare stomach, before going over the gel with a remote. It tickled, but Abby didn't laugh. She was too fearful of the results to laugh. The droid connected the remote to the datapad after collecting enough information and wiping the gel off. Abby fixed her shirt and sat up. One again she was handed the datapad. She immediately singled a small light grey dot on the black canvas of the ultrasounds reading. That dot scared her. It was her child, but not only hers. She was absolutely sure she was carrying Ben Solo's baby. There was no other possible explanation for her pregnancy. So that dot was her DNA and Ben Solo's mixing together into gods-knew-what. She was sure the result would be powerful at the very least, a possible agent of the First Order. Her heart thumped against her rib cage. She rubbed a hand across her stomach. The baby's Force signature buzzed again. A surge of furious determination coursed through her. She handed the datapad back and shooed the droid away. Her hand was still splayed on her abdomen. "I promise" she said. "To protect you. I won't let anyone do to you what people have done to me. I know this is going to sound crazy dear baby, but I love you already." The child didn't respond, as Abby had expected, but her mind was put to rest for the moment. She rose from her place. As she headed for the exit the medical droid rolled up to her again. "What now" she snapped. "I have exactly five minutes to be present on the bridge!" "I would just like to inform you that one of our droids will be sent to your quarters delivering anything you might need for your first trimester. If you need anything it should be in that package. It would be wise to come back here for a check-up every month." "Alright" Abby said, then she left the ward. Hux was waiting for her on the bridge. "You're late" he said crisply. "Isn't today the day you inspect Phasma's newest troops?" "Oh, that " Abby said. She had been so consumed by the shock of her pregnancy that she'd completely forgotten. "Aw kriff, I forgot" she muttered. "You forgot" Hux said. "What on Earth could possibly make you forget something as important as that?" "You'll find out soon enough" Abby grumbled. "Either way, you're not even wearing your uniform" Hux said irritably. "Alright, alright, calm down" Abby said. "I don't need and extra parent." I'll be a parent someday soon. "I'll go change and head straight to that inspection, okay?" "And after the inspection Supreme Leader wants to speak with you" Hux added. Abby felt an unpleasant drop in her stomach, which either meant the baby was acting up or she herself was terrified by the prospect of Snoke finding out that she was pregnant-and who the father of her child undoubtedly was. "Of course" she said, before sweeping off the bridge in a huff. Inspecting Phasma's troops was boring. Mind-numbingly boring. Watching stormtroopers march in formation and shoot at targets for hours was one of Abby's least favorite jobs aboard the Finalizer , but today she was distracted. She tried not to work up anxiety over her meeting with Snoke later, so instead she thought of baby names. So far she had come up with quite a few. Dawn, Rose, Faith, and Raven for girls. Anakin, Benjamin, Lucas, and Jacen for boys. She knew it was early to be thinking of names and a million things could go wrong between now and the baby's birth, but it was an easy way to distract herself from the present. "My lady" Phasma said. "Hmm" Abby muttered. "The display is over" Phasma said. "You've been standing here for the past five minutes." "Kriff" Abby muttered again. "Well, I'll just say this new division looks promising. I see you are correcting the mistakes made with FN-2187." "Of course my lady" Phasma agreed. "Very good" Abby agreed. "I've got to go now, the Supreme Leader wishes to speak with me." Abby tried to walk into the audience chamber as casually as possible, a faux smile plastered on her face. "Good news" she announced. "Phasma's newest division of troops looks ready for battle. At this rate the Resistance will be crushed in a few short months." Abby secretly hoped the war might end before her child was born, because then she could raise her son or daughter in peace, away from the violence of her past. Snoke said nothing in response to this. "It has come to my attention" he began after a long pause. "That something is wrong. Specifically, with you." "I wouldn't call it wrong " Abby said. "Circumstance, chance, the Fates being jerks, those are all terms I might have used." "Stop beating around the bush" Snoke ordered. "You're with child." This stunned her, how quickly and easily he said it. "Care to explain?" Another unpleasant sensation churned through Abby's gut. But a lie found it's way to her head. "I honestly don't know much" she said. "I'm pretty sure it's a Force birth or something like that-" Snoke waved a hand, bidding her to be quiet. "Don't play dumb with me" he said. "I know more then you think. It's Ben Solo's child, isn't it?" Abby licked her lips, trying to clear up the desert-like conditions on her mouth and think of something to say. When she didn't say anything after a minute or so Snoke became impatient. "ANSWER ME" he roared. "Possibly" she decided. "It's a simple yes or no question child, there is no possibly " Snoke said irritably. "Yes, then" Abby said. "Is that the answer you want?" "As long as it's the honest one" Snoke said. "But now we are faced with a problem." " We " Abby asked. "I don't see a child of my own flesh and blood as a problem." "But the father is Ben Solo" Snoke continued. "In my eyes, that is a problem." "Then it's your problem, not mine" Abby said. "And no, I'm not getting rid of the child, so don't even." She raised her hands protectively over her abdomen. "I'm not saying that you should" Snoke sighed. "I'm saying that what if it's father comes for him or her? Ben Solo is the only Jedi who ever beat you in hand-to-hand combat, and being either with child or caring for a newborn when he attacks your chances of winning won't be much higher." "You want me to kill the father of my child" Abby cried, horrified. Snoke gave a terrifying smirk. "Possibly" he said. "Why is everyone shoving my own words back down my throat" Abby demanded. "Either way, I won't kill-or hurt -Ben. And that is my final word. I'll handle this myself." "Do you think you can" Snoke asked. "Well, yeah" Abby said, but her confidence had begun to fade the moment she said so. "Very well" Snoke said. "I'll allow you to keep this child. But I'm warning you, I've seen too many people and immortals such as me have their children or grandchildren used as weapons against them. I will not tolerate this. If this child becomes a danger to the First Order, I will have no choice but to get rid of it." "Wait" Abby said. "What about Ben? Should he know about this child? Will I ever see him again? Will my child ever see him?" Snoke scowled. "I don't see it as very wise" he said. "Please" Abby begged. "Just let me tell him!" Snoke furrowed his brow. "Fine" he said. "But after this I don't want to catch you contacting him again." "Thank you" Abby said. Snoke's image faded. Abby rushed out, back to her room. She sat down on the edge of her bed, placing a hand on her stomach once again. "Dear baby" she muttered, sighing happily. "We're going to see your father." Chapter 24 : "I Promise" Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) "Abby!" Ben ran up to her, smiling widely. They had agreed to meet under the flag of truce, but a few of the Resistance members had insisted that they come with him. Abby shook her head slowly. "Not here" she said. "What I have to say is for your ears alone. Come with me." She turned and walked back towards her ship. Ben noticed her walk was slightly different from her usual stride, but before he could pinpoint exactly what General Leia tapped him on the shoulder. "How can you trust her" she asked. "Mom" Ben said. "I would trust her with my life." He followed Abby aboard her shuttle. She was waiting for him, her arms crossed tightly over her chest. "So" Ben began. "What is it love?" Abby sighed. "This is going to come as a shock" she said. "And I understand if this isn't good news. It wasn't for me either." "Oh no, what's wrong" Ben said. "Technically" Abby began. "Nothing's wrong, but I never deal with technicalities. It's just what you do when you deal with the Greek myths. Anyway, come here. Sit. This is going to take a bit of explaining." She sat down in one of the seats of the shuttle. Ben sat by her side, putting his arm around her. "How should I put this" she muttered, chewing her lip. "You can tell me anything, it's alright" he assured her. "There's no easy way to put it" she said. "But I guess........." She sighed again, before asking "Ben, have you ever considered having children?" "I don't know, maybe I guess-" He froze. "What are you saying?" "I'm pregnant Ben" she said quietly. She couldn't meet his eyes, waiting for his reaction. "You're......... pregnant " Ben repeated. Abby nodded. "It's okay if you're upset, this shouldn't have happened-" "This is amazing" Ben said. "But you're right, it's also complicated. I've actually been thinking for a while now, about all of this crazy war business and our relationship. I'm not saying this is a now thing, but in the light of the fact that you're having our baby........" "Now I don't know what you're saying" Abby said with a small smile. "Just tell me what you're thinking." "I guess I'm thinking that, if this conflict ever ends, do you think we could get married?" Abby felt a pink blush creep into her cheeks. "Sorry, I guess that was a little overwhelming" Ben said quickly. "No, it's okay" Abby said. "My answer would be yes, but I don't know what my father would think." "I don't know what my parents would think" Ben admitted. "But I don't know what they would think if they knew you were having our child-their grandchild-either. Then again, who gives a damn what they think? We're adults, we can make our own choices, and if we want to get married then we should." Abby smiled. "You're right" she said. "You're also right that there's no way we can arrange something now, but maybe after the baby is born......" She kissed him softly on the lips. "I say yes" she told him. Ben thew his arms around her. "Speaking of the baby" he said. "What do you know about this? How far along are you?" "Oh, barely two months" Abby said dismissively. "I kind of had to get up the courage to tell you, I've known since I was four weeks pregnant. Other then that I don't know much, it's still a little early." "Have you thought of any names" Ben asked. "Yes, actually." "Tell me." "Raven and Dawn for girls" Abby said. "I like Raven" Ben decided. "And I was thinking that if it was a boy" Abby continued. "I'd name him Benjamin, after you." Ben grinned. "I like that too" he said. "But it's too early to really decide anything, isn't it?" "I'm afraid this'll be our only chance" Abby said sadly. "Snoke only let me meet with you because I pleaded , and he said this would be the last time." "What?!" "I know" Abby whispered. She looked up at him, her eyes full of tears. "I don't want to say goodbye" she said softly. "I don't want to either" Ben said. "I love you." "I love you too" she said. "I want our child to know you. But my father won't have it." Ben pressed his face into her hair, which had that vanilla scent, like always. She was weeping silently, her head resting against his chest. The two lovers stayed like that for a few minutes. Then Ben remembered something he had hidden in his pocket. When she had asked to see him he had actually planned to ask her about marriage, and if she said yes he had made sure he had a ring for her. "Abby, since you said yes, I have something to give you" he said. Abby looked up, wiping her face free of tears. Ben pulled the ring out of his pocket. "I promise" he said. "When this is all over, we'll be a proper family. I'll marry you." Abby smiled sadly and held out her hand to him. "Ben" she said. "Gods know when this will end." Ben slipped the ring onto her finger. "Well, until then" he said. He grabbed her waist and kissed her. Abby threaded her fingers through his wavy black locks, pulling him closer to her, neither wanting to let the other go. But the kiss had to end. Ben held her in his embrace for one more precious minute. "Promise me you'll take care of yourself" he said. "Don't worry about me" Abby told him. "I've done crazier things." Ben chuckled. Abby loved his deep laugh. She remembered when they were very young, how her antics would coax a laugh out of him almost every time they saw each other. A small part of her felt that she would give anything to go back to those times, trade all her tomorrows for just one day when things were simpler, when she didn't have to have betraying him on her mind, when she didn't have to worry about how she was pregnant with his child. Thinking like that caused her to bite back a sob. "Oh Ben..." she said quietly, forcing away her tears. "It's alright Abby" Ben said. "I'll bet you have done crazier things. Just promise me." "I promise." She pressed her face into his shirt, taking a deep breath and once again stifling a sob. "The Fates alone know when we'll see each other again" she said. "I promise we will" Ben assured her. He pulled her close, placing one, final, gentle kiss on her lips before standing up. She stood as well. "I love you Ben" she said. "I know" he replied. He was at the exit ramp of the shuttle when he remembered something important. He turned around suddenly. "And take care of our little Benji or Raven for me" he added. Abby met his eyes. "I promise" she said. As Ben walked down the ramp of the shuttle, he could have sworn he heard her sob. Once he was back with the Resistance members the shuttle took off. And Abby was gone. "What in the galaxy was that about" Leia demanded. "It's bound to come up later" Ben muttered. "Now isn't the time, but you'll find out, believe me." Rey raised an eyebrow. "What does that woman want from you" Leia asked. Ben sighed. "She doesn't want anything. I just got her into a bit of trouble, and we were working that out." "Trouble, what kind of trouble" Leia said. "I've already told you" Ben said, frustrated. "You'll find out when the time comes, because this is bound to come up later." "You don't look well" Leia said, feeling a bit concerned. "What did she say to you?" "I'm just a little upset, okay" Ben said. "We both are. But once this is all over things will be explained. You've just gotta trust me, okay?" Leia sighed, but relented, and they walked back aboard the Falcon to return to the base. Notes: -Author- Sorry if the chapters Reckless and Power Over Memories were complete garbage, I've been trying to do some better work, those are technically just filler, but, like Abby says, I never deal with technicalities. Don't forget to leave kudos and comment if you're enjoying this story! XOX, AbbyGrace31415 Chapter 25 : Help In The Struggle Summary: FYI, this chapter is sort of random, it's mostly filler. Halfway through. Abby was halfway through her pregnancy already. Four months, two weeks along. She ticked the day off in her head. Only four months and two weeks more to go . By now it was common knowledge among the First Order personnel that she was with child, and the funny looks she was given as she walked down the halls with her expanding stomach were slowly disappearing. Which was good, because Lady Shade didn't like to be stared at, especially in her present condition. Abby sat down at the table in her quarters to eat her breakfast. Eggs, bacon, and toast, as approved by the droids who were overseeing her food supply and making sure it was healthy. She twirled her fork in the air. She hated how she was so sad and bitter. It wasn't good for the baby to be sad. Or bitter. Or angry. But she still missed Ben. Even if she only got to see him once a month, it might help her get through this more smoothly. She would appreciate his support, even if it was simply emotional. It would have lifted her spirits just to see his face again, hear a comforting word from him. She wished he could be around, even though their son or daughter wasn't even born yet, a small bump on her stomach was the only thing signifying his or her's existence. He would be a good father, she was sure of that, a better parent then she could ever be. But Snoke wouldn't have it. He wanted to keep the child out of the Light, safe and secure under his nose in the Darkness. Sighing forlornly, she picked up a piece of egg and shoveled it into her mouth. As bad as it was to be going through emotional turmoil, it was even worse if she didn't eat. She didn't want to suffocate the child within her from a lack of nutrients. "If I don't brighten up" she muttered. "This kid will be an emo before it even sees the light of day." To her surprise, this thought actually made her laugh. Abby glanced around. Crystal, her cat was sleeping, curled up on her bed. Felix, the falcon, was perched atop her bookcase, staring down at Abby with a piercing gaze. He fluttered down from his perch, landing on the table. Abby shoveled another bite of food into her mouth. Felix shifted, scratching the table with his talons. "Don't ruin my table" she said. "And don't be offended that I'm eating eggs, they're chicken eggs for Zeus's sakes, you really think I'd be eating falcon eggs or something like that?" Felix shook his head, and Abby got the feeling that wasn't what he was thinking about. "Well, then" she sighed, taking a bite of bacon. "What are you thinking about?" He hopped up and down on the table, cawing. Abby covered her ears to block the noise. "Not this early in the morning" she complained. "You don't need to put on a whole performance, just tell me." He fluttered off the table and put his head up against her side, practically nuzzling her. This was strange behavior, she had never seen him do anything of the sort before. "What are you doing" she asked, lowering her arm down to him. "If you want to get up then get up." Then she realized he was offering her help with the baby. "You want to help me with the baby" she said. "How?" He fixed her with one beady eye. Her expression softened, and she stroked his feathers. "That's sweet" she sighed. "But what can you do?" Crystal got up from where she lay and darted over, jumping up and curling onto Abby's lap. Felix fluttered up to perch on her shoulder. We'll do what we've always done they seemed to say. "You two, that's too sweet" Abby muttered, shaking her head. She petted each of them in turn, earning a purr from Crystal and a contented ruffle of feathers from Felix. "Thank you" she said. Crystal put her paws on Abby's arms, raising her head up to lick Abby's face. "That too" Abby muttered, wiping her face clear. Felix nipped her ear affectionately. "Alright" she said. "Can you two hop off, I've got to finish my breakfast." Both animals returned to their usual perches, and Abby glanced at the clock. "Kriff" she yelled. "If I'm late again I swear to all things holy......." She shoveled the rest of her breakfast into her mouth before jumping out of her chair and sweeping out of the room. She had managed to turn the usual awkward pregnancy walk into something flowed with her intimidating look, and either way people didn't doubt how fast she would be to use her scythe or her powers to tear them apart if they ticked her off. General Hux and the rest of the officers were already there when she made it to the bridge. Hux nodded to her, then went back to work. She picked up a datapad, walking around the bridge and checking the ships systems, before standing at the window and beginning to go through the status reports of other bases in the First Order's reach. Then she came across a report of an attack, by the Resistance, of a supply base near the Finalizer's current position. The Resistance had raided the production of food and stolen a load of information, including medical records and troop placements. These records were ones for even the most high-up of officers, and she didn't doubt herself was included. "Hux" she said, beckoning him over. "What was the reason for the Resistance's attack on our supply base?" "We're not aware" Hux said. "Perhaps it was for the information on troop movements, but I don't see why the stole the medical records." To Hux's surprise Abby smiled, and it wasn't a scheming smirk either. "I think I do. But-" She tapped something on the datapad. "Now we need to make sure they aren't waiting for our troop movements, ready to destroy them. See to it." "Of course my lady" Hux said, with the usual amount of contempt. He disliked the fact that she was his superior, but he wasn't as loose-tongued as his twin sister. He knew the proper things to say. Hux strutted away to organize some of that with Phasma. Abby continued scrolling through the reports. Troop movements, status reports, ideas for new battle strategies, all the variety kept it vaguely interesting, but her mind was elsewhere. She could only think of one reason for the Resistance to steal medical records. Finn, Rey, and General Leia were looking through the data they had stolen. Finn knew some of the passcodes that had helped procure it, so he was scrolling through the data while the General and Rey watched. "Look, look" Rey said excitedly. "Medical records on Lady Shade! Let's take a look. Maybe there's some way to defeat her. Either way, I want to know what her mental condition is because she's just that-mental." Finn opened the files. It had no mental injuries or problems listed. "Hmm, that's weird" he said. He scrolled down and nearly dropped the datapad. "What the-" "Let me see that" Rey demanded. She took a good look at the information as well. "General, look at this. This is weird." Leia looked at it too. "Oh, you found that , didn't you" a voice from behind them said. They had been so consumed with the data they hadn't noticed Ben enter. "Can I see it?" "Don't do that" Leia said. "You scared me." "Can I see it" Ben said again. Leia handed him the datapad. "Wait" she said, as he read the data. "Did you already know?" "What, already know what" he said distractedly. "That Lady Shade is pregnant." "I don't see why it's such a big deal" he said. "Because she's passing on her powers, powers that could very well destroy us all" Rey said. "And, if she had the child with another Force user then that child may very well be raised as a Sith or Knight of Ren, and we need more of those right now." "Thanks for that" Ben said sarcastically. "What is up with you" Finn asked. "You've been acting weird ever since she asked to see you for that truce four months ago-Wait. She didn't tell you , did she?" "So what if she did" Ben said, keeping his eyes on the datapad in his hand. "Because this is fishy" Rey continued. Ben still didn't look up. He handed the datapad back to Leia. Without saying a word he left the room. "Wait" Finn said. "Which of us actually stole those records?" "He did, I guess" Rey said. "He's acting really strange about this, I'm worried about him General." Leia was staring down at the data that glowed on the screen. She pursed her lips. "I'm worried about him too" she said. Then she shut the datapad off. "That's enough for today." She got up and left as well. Rey and Finn glanced at each other. Finn lowered his voice. "You told me that Ben and Lady Shade were friends when they were little" he said. "And that Ben had a crush on her. You don't think-should we say something? Tell the General?" "Let's forget about it" Rey said. "We didn't see Ben acting weird about those medical records, we don't know that Lady Shade is pregnant, okay? In all honesty this isn't even our business." "You're right" Finn agreed. "We didn't see anything." Chapter 26 : A Ripple In The Force Finally, her late shift was over. Abby put down the datapad, nodded to the remaining officers, and stalked off the bridge in as commanding a way that she could when she was nine months pregnant. She passed no one on the way back to her quarters, and once there her pets were waiting at the door. They had seemed to decide that they were taking the place of a second parent, and were making sure to take care of Abby just as well as they could, being two animals. Sure, it made her feel a bit like a Disney princess with animals waiting on her, but she was grateful for how helpful and intuitive they were. Once again, their magic allowed them to think and act with an almost human mind. Her dinner had already been set out by the droids, and the room was neat. Sure, the droids did a lot of physical things, but her pets provided the emotional support she so desperately needed. Tonight she felt especially nervous. The baby was due any day now, and the huge bump on her stomach was proof enough of that. Abby sat down in her chair, running a hand over her belly. The baby kicked in response, right under her hand. Crystal curled up beside her. As Abby's pregnancy progressed the cat had adjusted to not having a place on her lap anymore, that spot reserved for the unborn child. Felix took his usual spot on her shoulder. "What do you two think" Abby asked them quietly. Crystal mewled, while Felix ruffled his feathers. "I don't know either" Abby sighed. She picked up the plate of food resting on the table and began to eat. Her appetite seemed lost. "Want some" she offered. Crystal and Felix both took a small piece of food from her plate, and she put it back on the table. "I'm going to bed" she sighed. "Goodnight you two." She didn't feel that well either way. She walked to her room, changed into a long black nightgown, and climbed into her bed. Felix perched on the wardrobe, and Crystal curled up at the foot of the bed, guarding her as she drifted off to sleep, just like they had since she was a newborn herself. It just wasn't fair that she dreamt of Ben. Her dreams swam with his face and voice, his promise to her, her promise to him that she would take of their son or daughter. She so desperately wished he had been there during her pregnancy, but it was too late for that. Far too late. Abby awoke to a shock of pain that rolled down her spine, through her belly, finally stopping and setting her lower regions on fire. Then a wet sensation trickled between her legs and pooled on the mattress as her water broke. "Oh no-kriff" she swore, sitting up. She reached for the object that would call the medical droids, which had been kept at her bedside since the beginning of her third trimester. Her call was acknowledged and she was told to lie back and relax until the droids got there. "Easy for them to say" she muttered, and clutched her stomach as another contraction hit her. Her animals had left the room, out of respect for her privacy and understanding that they were animals, a danger to the very delicate process of birthing a child. Then the droids entered her room, with the necessary equipment. They asked her to move for a minute as they prepped the area, making sure it was sterile and safe for childbirth. Abby understood this, even though the pain as she moved was like fire, and sat down in a chair a few feet away from her bed. For the third time she was hit with a painful contraction. She clenched her teeth, gulping down air and trying to resist the urge to use that Force technique that dulled pain. She didn't know-or want to know-what effect that would have during childbirth. "Okay, my lady, come over here and lie down, then we'll begin" asked a droid. She obeyed, lying back down on her bed. They had placed some sort of cover over the sheets, and once she had lain down they placed something over her lower area and legs. "Breath" the droid ordered. "Breathe..push...breathe...push." Seven. Kriffing. Hours. Abby endured seven hours of painful contractions. Finally, after what felt like an eternity to her, the chatter of the droids told her something was happening. "Almost there" said the one by her head. "Just a little more. Breath...push...breath...push." The sarcastic part of her wanted to scream that's what I've been doing for the past seven kriffing hours! But she managed not to, instead focusing on the worst pain she had experienced yet. Then, finally ...... "Female" said the droid. It lifted the child away from Abby and rolled over to clean her up. The other droids were checking on Abby. She felt a cool cloth on her face, and she listened as all the equipment they had used was removed. A rather ridiculous thought found it's way to her head. I hope I enjoyed those few hours of sleep, because those will probably be the last I get for a while . She let out a quiet chuckle, even though that probably was the sad truth. Then the droids came back over with Abby's daughter. The baby was wrapped in a white blanket, all cleaned up from her recent birth. "We've given her all the necessary shots" the droid informed Abby. "We also don't advise walking much for the next few days, a droid will be sent to help you with that. That droid will also bring necessary items for this child. You can expect them in a few hours. One last thing, what would you like to name her? We need a name for the records." "Raven" Abby said, thinking back to what Ben had said. "Her name is Raven." "Raven, with your surname of Grace?" "Yes." "Very well. We'll leave you two here, if you need anything don't hesitate to contact the medbay." The droids packed up their stuff and left the room. Raven squirmed in Abby's arms. Abby looked lovingly at her daughter. "Hello Raven" she said quietly. "I'm your mother." Raven made a small gurgling sound, causing Abby to smile proudly. She inspected her daughters face. "You look like your father." Raven had Ben's ears, nose, and lips, plus tufts of jet-black hair that were scattered along her scalp. Abby hugged her daughter close. The door creaked as Felix and Crystal came back in, jumping and fluttering onto the bed to get a better look at the new baby. Felix got there first, staring down at Raven with his black, beady eyes. Raven blinked, opening her small eyes for the first time. While the rest of her features resembled Ben, her eyes were a hue quite similar to Abby's. Perhaps a bit less golden and more natural brown, but they were different from Ben's blackish-brown color. "This is Raven" Abby told the two animals. Felix hopped excitedly, too smart to make a loud noise and disturb the newborn. "And no, she's not a bird" Abby corrected. Her animals were so smart, but sometimes they made stupid assumptions about humans. Abby lifted Raven, kissing her forehead. "I wish your daddy could see you" Abby sighed. "He would be so happy. I know it." For the rest of the night she lay back, admiring her newborn daughter, once again protected by the watching eye of her pets. Everyone with the Force felt it. The violent ripple, the huge tip in the scales of power, the huge event that had taken place during the night. Leia called a meeting of Luke, Rey, Ben, and herself to discuss it, even though it was late, because it could signify something important happening with the enemy. Ben knew exactly what it was, he was just too nervous and excited to tell. Leia had called the three Jedi to her quarters to discuss it. Ben was the last to enter. "So" Leia began as he sat down. "We all sensed it. Something important has happened tonight." "Hmm" Ben said. He was staring at his hands. "I guess I'll ask you first" Leia said, turning to her son. "Do you have any idea what it was?" "What?" "The Force" Leia sighed. "We all sensed an important event take place." "Wait, you all sensed it, it's that important" Ben asked, his tone rather strained. "This is insane, I wish I could just-" "You do know something about it" Rey cried triumphantly. "No, I don't" Ben demanded. "I wish I did, but I don't! I have no choice! I-" His voice broke. He sighed, leaning back in his chair. "I don't know anything about it" he said. "So don't ask." Leia shook her head at Luke and Rey, like I'll talk to him later . "Rey" Leia asked. "Do you have any idea?" "Not really" Rey said. "The First Order might have done something important. I can't have been something related to us, we would know." "Luke?" "The Force creates ripples like that" Luke began, and everyone sat forward, interested. Even Ben looked up from where he sat, staring at his hands. "In situations like a major death toll. For example, the destruction of Alderaan or the Hosnian system. It could signify an important galactic event, like Anakin Skywalkers turn into Darth Vader and the rise of the Empire. Or, and most often, it signifies birth and new life." Ben nodded slowly. "A ripple like that...." Luke shook his head. "Someone powerful must have been born. We would have heard of any important galactic events by now. I suppose that is one of the only possible explanations, unless we get a transmission in the morning that the First Order has done something crazy." Ben nodded slowly. "But who in the galaxy could be that powerful" Rey said. "We might need to find this child, they're clearly Force-sensitive, we should at least get to them before Lady Shade does." "Too late for that" Ben said solemnly. Then- SCREECH! A bird flew into the room, screeching wildly. It landed on the floor and stared flapping it's wings, screeching and cawing for the entire base to hear. "Whoa" Ben yelled, jumping to his feet. "What are you doing here?" "That's Lady Shade's bird" Luke said. "Leave it" Ben yelled, so commandingly everyone sat down, for they had all jumped up as the bird arrived. He held out his arm, and the bird flew onto it obediently. Clutched in one talon was a small metal disk. "Do you have a message for me" Ben asked. The bird opened it's talon and dropped the metal disk into Ben's palm. "A transmission" Leia said. "Maybe it's about what's happened." "Trust me mother, it's isn't for any of you three" Ben said darkly. "It's for me." "That's Lady Shade's bird" Rey said again. "Why is it delivering messages to you?" "Because...." Ben paused, clearly unable to think of what to say. "It's got to have something with this Force thing" Luke said. "Maybe Lady Shade sent a message to us about it. She obviously doesn't hate us." "Don't you people get it" Ben burst out. "Master Luke said it already, it's got to be the birth of a child! Think of one person who could have such a powerful child!" "What are you talking about" Leia asked. "I hate to be Captain Obvious here" Ben continued. "But, new flash, it's Lady Shade's baby! Got it now?!" "Then why did she send that message" Luke asked. "I've already told you, it's not for your eyes" Ben said. "I've got to go." He stormed out, the bird following him. "There's something up with him" Rey said. "This whole Lady Shade has a baby thing is upsetting him." Luke and Leia exchanged looks. "We all have our theories" Leia said. "But I suggest we leave him alone about it-for the time being. I'll talk to him, but now I think we should all go to bed. That was enough action for one night." Ben walked into his room and plugged the disk into his holoprojector. Abby's face came up. "I'm not supposed to be doing this" she said. "So please keep this message a secret. Anyway, Ben, if you get this message then there's someone I'd like you to meet." Abby shifted her arms. Ben stared at the little baby in her arms. "It's a girl" Abby said proudly. "I named her Raven. Raven" she said, gently nudging the child to look at the camera. "Say hello to your daddy!" Raven blinked. She clearly saw no one, only whatever Abby was using to record this message. Abby sighed. "Oh well." Then Raven caught sight of something behind the camera. She began to giggle. "She see's Crystal and Felix" Abby said quietly to the message. "They're putting on a little show for her. They love her already." Abby sighed. Ben watched as his newborn daughter laughed at the show Abby's pets were putting on for her. "She has your smile Abby" he said. Of course, Abby couldn't hear him. "And your eyes." Raven put her hands out for the camera, still giggling. "Raven" Abby said, carefully pushing the infants hands away. "Anyway" she continued. "I don't have much more time. I don't want to get caught recording this. Ben, just know that I miss you. I love you. And Raven loves you too." All too suddenly, the video was cut off. "I miss you too Abby" Ben said quietly. "I love you and Raven too." He pulled the disk out of the projector and opened a drawer in his dresser, hiding it in the back among the other items that cluttered the drawer. Then he walked to his bed and sat down. He felt like he would never be able to sleep from mingled excitement and longing to see Abby and Raven, but eventually sleep did find him. Only then did he realize how exhausted he was, and fell into a-shockingly-dreamless sleep. Chapter 27 : The Question And The Angel Summary: Filler! It was the one question, repeated every time Raven could think of it since she learned to speak. It was the obvious absence, the empty spot no one aboard the Finalizer could fill. Abby couldn't bring herself to answer it truthfully. She simply couldn't. The separation was too painful. Sitting alone at night, sometimes swamped with work she needed to do for the First Order, Abby couldn't help it that her mind wandered. With Felix keeping a watchful eye over Raven Crystal would curl up next to her, quietly mewling as if they were carrying a conversation. Abby stared blankly at the papers and the faint light of the datapad. She rubbed her eyes with her palms, for they itched with tiredness. This had to end soon, didn't it? A war couldn't last forever. Abby hated raising Raven like this, in the middle of a full-on war, with no father figure at all. "Momma" said a voice. "Are you okay? You look tired." "What are you doing awake" Abby asked her daughter, getting up from her seat and walking over to Raven, who was standing in the doorway of her office. Her black nightgown trailed behind her. Abby picked Raven up, bringing her over to the desk and sitting down, shoving her work out of the way. "I had a bad dream" Raven said quietly. "About what?" "You were there" Raven said. "And so was this other person.........I feel like I should know him. B-But..." Raven sniffled, tears beginning to form in her eyes. "This man, he was protecting me from you ! You were scary, really tall, and you had golden eyes." Abby got a sinking feeling in her stomach. What Raven had described was all too familiar. Her Titan form. If Abby really wanted or needed to she could take the form of a Titan, her true form. Of course, she preferred a human form, because her Titan form was just as Raven had described and reacted to it- terrifying . Now Raven had dreamed that Ben had protected her from Abby as a Titan. "Oh, it's okay" Abby said soothingly. "It was just a bad dream. You know, even I have dreams like that sometimes." "You're not afraid of anything" Raven said proudly. "Even grown-ups are scared of things. Scared for people." Abby shuddered. She remembered nightmares she'd had of the First Order, Knights of Ren, or Snoke hurting Raven and Ben. Now those -those were the things that terrified her. "Who" Raven asked. "You, especially you" Abby said. "Momma" Raven said. "I know I ask this a lot, but-" Abby braced herself for the question . "Where's daddy? Did something happen to him?" Abby sighed. "You already know the answer" she said. "He had to leave." "Did I do something bad, is that why he left" Raven asked. Raven was already infamous for her accidents . Abby's powers combined with the Force.........that was a lot of power for how young Raven was. Abby was working to get her accustomed to using the Force, but that didn't stop Abby's powers, the very thing that had gotten her tossed of Olympus when she was practically Raven's age. Raven was five. "No" Abby assured her daughter. "He was forced to go, he loved you." "I don't remember him, when did he leave" Raven questioned. Abby sighed. Raven was a bit too smart for her own good. "Before you were born" Abby said. "He knew momma was going to have a baby, but bad people forced him away from me. He wanted to see you. He would be proud of you. You look like him." "Where is he?" Abby shook her head solemnly. All of these questions had been asked of her before, but never all at once. "We can't go looking for him Raven" she said. "He lives with people who, quite frankly, don't like me at all . They're scared of me. It's because I'm part of the First Order. You know how people call me Lady Shade? I scare the living daylights out of some people." Abby smiled. "But your father, he saw right through me." "Do you scare people by looking the way you did in my dream?" Abby was glad they had gotten off the subject of Ben, but she didn't much like this subject either. How she scared people . "No" Abby said. "I don't think I can look like I did in your dream. But, I guess I can be scary if I want to be." "You're not scary momma" Raven said. Abby sighed. As much as she loved her daughter, she hated this conversation. Too many sensitive subjects were being uncovered. "It's late" she said. "It's also way past your bedtime. C'mon, you must be tired." "But what if I have another nightmare?" "You won't" Abby said confidently. She walked into Raven's bedroom and laid her down on the soft mattress, pulling the covers up to Raven's chin. " Όνειρα γλυκά άγγελός μου " she whispered. " Sweet dreams my angel. " Chapter 28 : Secrets Unveiled-Part 1 "What are you doing?" "Raven, I need you to go play for a few minutes" Abby said, poking her head out from under the desk, where she was re-wiring an old holoprojector. "But-" "This is very important" Abby said. "I wanted to-" "I know" Abby said, her expression softening. "I know, and I promise I'll come play once I send this message. If everything goes right this message is going to buy us a truckload of more playtime." Raven nodded and left, allowing Abby to go back to her work. She had come home early, and was trying to re-wire the old projector. She had an important message to send. Lady Shade had been struck with a crazy idea-an insane idea. But, if it worked, it would put her family back together. And for now, that was enough. The gods hadn't bothered her in years. She put together the last two wires and jumped into her desk chair, staring at the screen. For a minute or so it was static. Then she began to hear voices. "What's wrong with it?" "I don't know, let me see..." Then the image faded in. The scavenger was leaning over the screen, but when she saw Abby's face she jumped back a few feet. "Hi" Abby said simply. "That's all you've got to say" Rey retorted. "Hi? Well, Hi to you too, but why are you hacking our system?" "Because I can't let anybody monitoring the main line going out from the First Order to pick up this message, so just bear with me okay" Abby explained. No one objected, so she kept going. "I'll keep this short and simple, I've got this idea I've been trying to put into my father's head and couple others, but nobody's buying it, and I need support to put it into action." "A, what I idea and B, how are we supposed to help you with that" Finn asked her. "The idea is a peace treaty" Abby said. "Between the Resistance and First Order." "What?!" "What?" "What?!" "Oh, so you guys don't want a peace treaty" Abby sighed. "No, of course not" said General Leia quickly. "We're just a bit surprised that you're pitching the idea." "Hmph" Abby said. "Why are you" Rey asked curiously. "Not your business" Abby said sharply. "Anyway, I was wondering, if I could meet with you guys and discuss some terms, then pitch it to Snoke and everybody else, I might be able to get the idea into some of the other officers heads." "So we meet you, discuss terms, and wait until you get the idea into your fathers head, and this war ends" Luke Skywalker summed up. "Exactly" Abby agreed. "How will you get it into your fathers head" Rey questioned. "If he says no-" Abby held up a hand. "Believe me Rey, I have ways of getting people to do what I want" Abby assured her. "Don't you know, magic is my home court. But don't worry, I won't be mind-tricking any of you guys. There's no need." She shrugged. "I can meet you guys this time tomorrow." "We might need a bit more time to think this over" Leia said. "How about the day after tomorrow?" "Oh no, I can't do that" Abby said quickly. "I'm very busy that day, it's my day off." She clapped a hand over her mouth. "How are you busy if it's your day off" Finn asked. Then..... CRASH from the main room of Abby's quarters, followed by screeching and mewling. "For once" Abby said. "An accident is perfectly timed." "What is going on over there" Leia asked. "Nothing much" Abby said. "But, you were wondering about the whole day off business, there's a First Order event." This was a complete lie. "It's everyone's day off." Once again, this was a lie. "So, tomorrow then?" "There's got to be at least one other person in the entire First Order who agrees with you" Rey said. Abby nodded. "There is. Now, I'd better go clear that up before somebody gets hurt. So, if you'll excuse me..." She glanced towards the back of the room, where Ben was sitting. She winked. Then she cut the connection and went off to see what mess Raven had made this time. ( le time skip brought to you by le lazy author ) “There’s nobody with her” Finn observed. “She said there would be someone with her.” “Thank you, Captain Obvious” Ben said. He had been on edge ever since Abby had called for a truce meeting. “Both of you, be quiet” Rey said. “Look.” She pointed to a lamppost Abby was nearing. There was a black figure perched atop it. “It’s her bird” Finn said triumphantly. “That’s twenty bucks for me!” “It’s too big to be a bird, it’s her cat” Rey argued. Ben said nothing. Abby was walking towards the lamppost where the thing was perched. They heard her say; “Come out, come out, wherever you are.” Then the thing on the lamppost swung down, directly in front of her face, upside down, and a high-pitched voice yelled; “BOO!” Abby yelled and the figure dropped to the ground on all fours. “Raven” Abby said, scolding the person. “It’s her cat” Rey said. “No, she called it Raven, it’s a bird.” “It’s not a cat or a bird geniuses” Ben said. “It’s a kid! Her name is Raven!” Then the thing rose from the ground. "Did I get you" she asked. "Yeah" Abby said, smiling a bit. "You got me good that time." "I've got a question" the little girl said. Abby, for some reason, looked a bit upset. "Not now Raven" she sighed. "We've got somewhere to be." "It's not that question momma" Raven said. "And we can walk and talk, can't we?" "Right" Abby said. "C'mon." They began to walk towards where Rey, Finn, and Ben were standing around the corner of the long street. "What happens tomorrow" Raven asked. "I've got loads of stuff to do" Abby said. "No" Raven replied. "Oh right " Abby said, but from her tone they could tell she and Raven were joking around. "It's my day off." "Why is it your day off" Raven asked. "Because........well.......why is it" Abby asked, faking confusion. "It's a very special day" Raven informed her mother. "Kind of an annual thing too." "A holiday?" "You're getting close" Raven said excitedly. "C'mon, I know you know it!" Abby grinned, picking up her daughter and spinning around. "Of course I know" she said. "It's your birthday. And I have an early birthday present for you ." She tapped the end of Raven's nose, putting her back down. "Which I think you'll love ." "What is it" Raven asked excitedly. "Can't tell you just yet" Abby said. "Once we finish here we'll see about finding it." "We have to find it?" "Trust me, it'll be worth it, and it isn't that hard to find" Abby assured her. "You'll love it, I know that for sure." Under her breath she added " You'd better love it, since you've been asking me about it since you learned to talk ." Raven didn't hear this. "Why are we here anyway" she asked. "It's too quiet." Abby shrugged. "Well, for starters, this is an abandoned city, we have to meet them here so we won't get caught." "Meet who" Raven said, but Abby suddenly wasn't listening. Her eyes were fixed on a point over her shoulder. "You hear that" she asked. "Hear what-" "Shh" Abby said. She scanned the area, beckoning Raven come closer. Then, at the end of the street, stormtroopers began pouring onto the pavement. "Raven" Abby said. "Run!" The girl obeyed, running to the end of the street. Abby crossed her arms as the stormtroopers approached, headed by Captain Phasma. "What are you doing here" Abby asked the chrome-plated trooper. "I'd ask the same of you my lady" Phasma replied. "Hmph" Abby said. "You have no need to question your superiors." "Simply a matter of the Supreme Leaders orders" Phasma said. "He wants to know why you are bringing your daughter to such remote places, when you should be back on the Finalizer ." "My personal business is not your concern. The way I am monitored you'd think I have a collar around my neck" Abby grumbled. "The Supreme Leader has very valid reasons not to trust you" Phasma said. "And, for the record, that necklace serves more then an accessory. It is, as you said, a collar." "Oh wonderful" Abby snarled. "I guess I don't need it anymore anyway." She reached up and tore the chain from her neck with a snap, tossing it the ground and crushing it under her boot. "Anything else to inform me of?" "Where is your daughter" Phasma asked. "Why in the galaxy should I tell you?" "Because the Supreme Leader wishes that she stays under his supervision" Phasma informed Lady Shade. Lady Shade spread her arms. "Look at all the γαμώ's I don't give about what he wants" she said. "I suggest you go back to the Finalizer and tell Snoke that I don't give a γαμώ anymore, okay?" "That does not line up with the orders we were given if you resisted" Phasma replied. "I would prefer if this didn't get messy" Abby sighed. The stormtroopers raised their blasters at her. "Oh well" she sighed, leaning forward and putting her hands out behind her. She swept them up in one swift motion, and a wave of dark energy tossed the stormtroopers into the air, but once a few feet up they dissolved into black smoke. "I said to return to the Finalizer " Abby repeated. Phasma went for one the stormtroopers dropped weapons-a riot control baton. "Phasma" Abby said. "I don't want to have to permanently injure a senior officer. I highly suggest you drop that thing and hop right back on your ship before things get messy." Her eyes flashed dangerously, that familiar, threatening gold fire. "The Supreme Leader will not be pleased" Phasma said sourly, before stalking away. Abby rolled her eyes. " Supreme Leader this, Supreme Leader that, I'll show them" she grumbled. "But for now......Raven! C'mon out!" She walked down the street, but Raven didn't come out. "Seriously" she said. "Come out. No more games. We're late." She walked towards the end of the street, her forehead creased with worry. "I don't like this" she said. Then she turned her head towards a shadowy doorway at the end of the street, where a small figure was huddled. "Oh no" she said, running towards the doorway. Raven was sitting with her knees pulled up to her chest, rocking backwards and forwards, silently tears streaming down her face. "Raven, are you okay" Abby asked, kneeling down in front of her. "Did they hurt you?" Raven squealed in terror and scooted away, still crying. "What's wrong" Abby said, reaching out. "J-Just like in my dream" Raven said. "Y-You....w-w-with the magic...." "Oh no, did I scare you" Abby asked her daughter quietly. Raven nodded. "I didn't mean to, honestly I can't control it very well either" Abby admitted. "Come here." Raven crawled into her mothers outstretched arms. Abby stood up, still holding her. "It's okay" she soothed. "I promise everything is going to be okay. I didn't meant to scare you. Are you okay now?" Raven wiped her eyes, then nodded. "Can I get down now" she asked. Abby put her down, and she took her mothers hand. "That was a disaster" Abby muttered. "We didn't see anything" Rey said to Finn and Ben. Finn nodded, but Ben shook his head. "You two go back to the ship" he said. "You want us to leave you alone with her " Rey asked. "Nothing doing." "Go back to the ship" Ben demanded. "Rey" Finn said. "Remember?" "Oh, right" Rey said. "Remember what" Ben asked. "Nothing" Rey replied quickly. "C'mon Finn." They walked back to where they had left the ship. Ben stood waiting. Abby and Raven rounded the corner. Abby jumped. "Ben" she said, looking a bit flustered. "I didn't realize you were here. Where's the others?" "Back with the ship" Ben said dismissively. "Are you two okay?" "I'm fine" Abby said. "Raven.........well, I guess I shouldn't have done that." "Who are you" Raven asked Ben. Ben shot a look at Abby. "You never told her?" "No" Abby said with a sigh. "But can we wait? She's shaken up as it is!" "Abby, please" Ben said. "Raven" Abby said. "We're going to meet some people, okay? These are nice people. You don't have to be shy." Raven nodded at her mother. "Momma" she said. "Why are we meeting these people?" "They're part of the Resistance" Abby said. Ben came forward. "I'm a Jedi" he told Raven. Raven stared at him. "A Jedi" she said questioningly. "Aren't they all dead?" "Well, there's only three of us left, so mostly" Ben explained. "Now we've got to go" Abby said. "You're late" Ben pointed out. "The daughter of the Lord of Time arrives exactly when she means to" Abby said crisply, but Ben laughed. He had heard her use this line before when she was late for class at the Jedi temple, an inside joke between them, but he had never taken it seriously until now. "Follow me" he said. Chapter 29 : Secrets Unveiled-Part 2 The negotiations were short. It was Raven that kept everyone there. At first, the Resistance members (aside from Ben, of course) were rather wary around her. But she was so sweet that they couldn't help it. Rey was the first to speak to her at all aside from Ben and Abby, but once Rey did she glanced in terror at Raven's mother. To her surprise Abby wasn't glaring at her. Everyone had expected Abby to be a protective mother after her nightmarish childhood, but when she saw Rey and the rest interacting with Raven she didn't seem to mind. She grinned and shrugged. Soon Finn and Leia and the rest were all absorbed by the talkative little girl. Luckily, the negotiations were over, and Abby had a few basic terms to present to the rest of the First Order. Ben grabbed Abby's hand. Everyone had figured by now that Raven was his daughter, and that he and Abby had a relationship. "Can you come with me for a minute" he asked her quietly. Abby nodded, and he led her outside. The negotiations had taken place in a lounge, but outside it there was a long hallway. Ben led her down this hallway and another, ending in another lounge-like room with a few others branching off it. He sat down on a couch, gesturing for her to sit next to him. "Alright" Abby said. "So what is it?" Ben put his arms around her and pulled her close to him. "I've missed you" he said. Abby blinked, then smiled. "I've missed you too" she said. Their lips found each other's for a long, passionate kiss. Ben planted kisses over her face and neck, causing her to sigh contentedly. Ben lifted his head, his eyes raking her beautiful face. He had missed her so much. He tucked a stray strand of her hair behind her ear. "Abby" he said, seemingly unable to find the right words. Abby leaned her head against his shoulder, lacing her fingers through his. She took a long breath. Gods, she loved the way he smelled. She couldn't pinpoint exactly what it was, but it made her feel calm and relaxed. It made her feel safe. Just being around him was relaxing, he had an air of Jedi-like calm around him. Or it was just his aura clashing with hers, as hers was much more chaotic and untamed. Ben's long fingers wrapped around her chin, pulling her face towards him. "Thank you" he said. "For what" she asked. "Thank you for coming back" Ben said. Abby smiled. "Abby Grace always comes back" she said. " Always ." Ben gave a small smile. "You haven't changed" he said. "Do you really think" Abby said. "That I didn't change? I raised a child for Zeus's sakes, of course I changed!" Ben laughed at this. "While we're on the subject of Raven" he continued. "What about her" Abby asked quietly. "Are we going to tell her?" Abby bit the inside of her cheek. "Knowledge is dangerous" she said. " Very dangerous." "Why will telling her who I am to her make a difference" Ben asked. "I'm afraid that Snoke will find some way to twist this, make it seem like you were a neglectful parent, when the truth is that Snoke forced us apart." "I see what you mean" Ben said. "But I've got to tell her, okay?" Abby sighed. "Okay" she said. "The rest of the Resistance has already taken quite a liking to her anyway." Ben grinned and pulled her closer to him, kissing her deeply. Gods, Abby loved everything about him. He was a perfect match for her, keeping her tied down when she would rather fly. She would, in turn, allow him to follow when she took to the skies. They followed an intricate pattern of love and war, but it was a pattern that they planned to change, create long periods where they had each other, together with their daughter, like the sun, the moon, and a star in between. Abby broke away from Ben, even though half of her never wanted to stop kissing his perfect, soft lips. "Let's go then" she said, getting up and walking to the door of the room. Ben followed her. He planted a kiss on her neck from behind. Abby giggled girlishly, the opened the door and walked back towards where the negotiations had taken place. Raven, Finn, and Rey were sitting on the floor, goofing off while Luke and Leia watched happily. Raven was one of the sweetest children any of them had ever met. It was hard to picture her growing up among the stone-faced First Order officers and her rather terrifying mother. She seemed to enjoy testing her powers, the power of the Force and the...........whatever-it-was that she had inherited from her mother. Raven held out her small hand to Rey, palm up. "Look, look, look" she said excitedly. Tiny sparks popped on her hand, collecting into one. An orb of magic flew off her hand and she ran around, trying to catch it again. "Raven!" Abby ran through the door and snuffed out the sparking orb of magic, catching her daughters arm before she could touch it. "Momma" Raven said. "That was fun, what was wrong with it?!" "It's only one small step from something harmless like that" Abby said sadly. "To this." She held out her hand and showed a miniature thunderstorm raging in her own fingertips, before closing her hand and snuffing it out as well. "You know how dangerous that is" Abby told Raven. "There are good reasons I tell you to avoid using them." "But you use them all the time" Raven objected. "That's because I have control " Abby said. "But you just said you didn't, barely half an hour ago!" Abby sighed. "I'll explain later" she said. "Now we have one more thing to do before we leave." "We're leaving" Raven exclaimed. "Well, yes" Abby said. "But..but" Raven said. "This is just like my dream, when all these people were here! We were staying!" "I'm sorry, what" Abby said. "You had a dream and you didn't tell me?" "I tried to, you said you were busy" Raven informed her mother. "I probably was" Abby muttered, and it almost sounded like she was bitter and angry at herself for being busy and not being able to spend time with Raven. "Now c'mon, we've only got so much more time." "Can I say bye " Raven asked. "Right, yeah" Abby muttered. She let go of Raven's hand and the little girl ran over to Rey. She threw her arms around the young woman. "Goodbye Rey" she said, before repeating the process with Finn, Leia, and Luke. Abby, who was standing by Ben, was suddenly struck with something. "Where's Han" she asked. "That's a good question" Ben said. "He's been gone for a while now. He said he had a job to do and left with Chewie. They were supposed to be back three days ago." "I'll keep an eye out for him" Abby assured him. "Probably some misguided First Order arrest, if it is I'll get him outta there. We don't police that smuggling business like the Empire did." Raven came back over to her mother. "Okay" she said. "We can go now." She took her mothers hand and pulled Abby out into the hall. Ben followed, a small smile lurking on his lips. They walked onto a ship, with which Ben would take them back to the abandoned city, where they would then get back aboard their transport and return to the Finalizer . But first Ben and Abby needed to tell Raven something. Abby sat down in the co-pilots seat and plucked Raven up, sitting her daughter on her lap. "Now be careful" she told Raven. "Don't press any buttons." Ben sat down next to them. "It's alright, I'll show her" he said. "Come here." Raven glanced at her mother. Abby-to Raven's surprise-smiled and put her back down on the floor. Raven seemed less shy and more simply intimidated by Ben, for she had not shown this amount of caution with the other Resistance members. Ben beckoned her closer and she obeyed, walking up to him. She stared up at him. Ben seemed at a loss for words, unable to figure out how to tell her. He glanced at Abby. Play that part she mouthed. Don't tell, show . He nodded. Raven had already lost interest in whatever her mother and the Jedi were talking about, so instead she was inspecting the control board. She reached out to touch an interesting-looking button. "Not that one" Ben said. " This one." He pointed out the button that would start the ship. "Can I press it" Raven asked, amazed. Her mother was always rather reserved about what she could and couldn't do, for reasons beyond what Raven could see. "Go on" Ben encouraged. Raven grinned and pressed the button. She jumped with excitement when the button actually did something cool, causing the ship to rumble as the engines started. "Now all we have to do is..." Ben picked Raven up and sat her on his knee, pointing out the right buttons and levers on the console to start the ship. Abby watched with a sad smile, hoping beyond hope that she would be able to negotiate the idea of peace, finally ending this war and allowing Ben to re-enter her and Raven's lives. It was practically the sweetest thing she had ever seen, watching as he taught Raven to fly the Resistance ship. Abby leaned back in her seat. From now on it was only a matter of time before she had managed to piece her family back together. All too soon, the ship landed at the abandoned city. Raven glanced at Ben before hopping down to the floor. "That was fun" she said. Abby shot her a look. "What do you say" she asked her daughter. "Thank you...." Raven faltered. "What should I call you?" Ben grinned at how the opportunity had presented itself. "You can call me dad" he said. Abby leaned over to whisper in Raven's ear. " Happy birthday " she whispered. This is what convinced the girl that the Jedi wasn't joking or lying. She stared at Ben for a moment, before running forward and hugging him. Ben picked up his daughter, returning the hug. Abby smiled and got up, but Ben played funny little trick. He used the Force to pull her back into the hug as well, and she gladly accepted. Finally the three of them realized they couldn't stay like that forever. Abby pulled away from the hug first, and Raven turned to her mother, twisting around in her father's arms. "So" she said. "If we're not staying with the Resistance then is daddy coming with us?" Abby felt a little bit of joy drain out of her. "No" she said. "Not yet" she added quickly as Raven's face fell. "But why" Raven asked. "Who says daddy can't stay with us?" "Supreme Leader Snoke" Ben said, shooting a glance at Abby. Abby shook her head. Ben put Raven down. "But-" Raven began. Abby took her hand. "Don't question it" she told Raven. "I promise, we're working on it." "Why don't you just get rid of Snoke" Raven asked. "I remember, you're always talking about how he's bossing you around! He's the one who gives you all that work to do!" Abby winced. She didn't like to think about the times Raven had found her passed out at her desk from all the work she had to do. She had already told Raven that she worked for Snoke, so Raven blamed Snoke for her mothers workload. "I can't" Abby said quietly. "You'll learn. Now say goodbye ." "I don't wanna" Raven said. "Do you think either of us wants to say goodbye either" Abby said with a sigh. "Sometimes you have to do things you don't want to do." Raven lowered her head. "Alright" she said. She let go of her mothers hand and ran over to Ben, throwing her arms around him. He picked her up again, but just for a moment this time. "I promise I'll see you soon Raven" he said. He kissed her forehead and put her down. Abby was turned to leave, but Ben came over to her and kissed her on the cheek, to spare Raven the embarrassment of seeing her parents really kiss. Abby and Ben said nothing to each other, as nothing needed to be said. Raven took her mothers hand and they began to walk off the ship. "Why didn't you say goodbye to daddy" Raven asked her mother accusingly as they left. Abby sighed and turned around to see Ben grinning at his daughters accusation. "Goodbye Ben" Abby said with a sigh. "Goodbye Abby" Ben replied. He watched Abby and Raven walk away, up until they were out of sight. Chapter 30 : The Runaway Birthday Abby got up early the next day. She had a lot of things planned. That morning she would make a cake for Raven, before waking Raven herself up for some playtime. Neither of them had to do anything that day. Snoke had relented to giving Abby a day off on Ravens birthday, which made Abby particularly happy. After lunch Abby and Raven would travel to Ilum for a special surprise-picking out Raven's own Kyber crystal. Nothing could go wrong. Abby hummed as she got out the ingredients and began mixing them into the bowl. One egg, milk, sugar, butter, vanilla-all the usual things that went into a cake. Plus some rainbow sprinkles, turning it into a confetti cake. Once the batter was prepared Abby put it in the oven and began to work on the icing. "What's that smell" said Raven. Abby jumped. "You're up early" she said, turning around and hiding the icing bowl behind her. "Something smelled good" Raven said. "What are you making?" "Oh, I don't know" Abby said sarcastically. "Quiche, special for your birthday." Raven laughed at Abby's sarcasm. "You're making cake, aren't you" she said smartly. "Right" Abby said. "Want to help me with the icing?" "I've got something to show you" Raven said. "Watch." She held out her hand. One of the chairs from the kitchen table scraped across the floor, stopping in front of the counter next to Abby. Raven clambered onto the seat, leveling herself with the countertop. "See" she said proudly. "I used the Force!" "Great job" Abby congratulated her. "Now let's finish this icing." They both began working happily, until Raven smeared a bit of icing across Abby's cheek. "Careful now" Abby said, pausing in her work. "Don't waste it." Even so, she swiped a dot of icing onto the tip of Raven's nose. In return Raven left a dash of icing on Abby's other cheek, so it looked like she had racing stripes. Abby laughed aloud and dashed Raven's face with a dollop of icing, before covering the bowl with plastic wrap. "I'm putting this in the freezer" she announced. "So we don't use all of it painting each others faces. Do me a favor and get out the bread so I can make toast for breakfast, won't you?" Raven nodded and scrambled off her chair by the counter, opening a drawer and bringing out a loaf of bread. She used the Force to levitate it onto the counter, waiting for her mothers reaction. Abby smiled proudly. "Now Raven" she said. "The Force is a tool, not a simple convenience. Though it is true that using it for household jobs is good practice at first, you've got to remember that some jobs need to be done without supernatural aid." "Alright momma" Raven agreed. Abby wiped her hands off on the hand towel, before walking over to cut the bread into slices for toast. Just as she cut the first slice there was a knock at the door. "Raven, angel, do me a favor and go see who that is" Abby asked her daughter. Raven left the kitchen and pressed the button that opened the front door of her mothers quarters. General Hux stood outside the door in all his ginger-haired glory. "May I speak to your mother" he asked coldly. He had never liked Lady Shade's disruptive little daughter. She had caused many a headache for the General with all her accidents . He noticed she seemed to have been making a mess with some sticky white substance. Raven turned back towards the kitchen. "Momma" she called. "It's General Hux!" "I'll be right there" came Lady Shade's voice. Two seconds later she was standing next to her daughter. "What is it Hux" she said shortly. He noticed that she too had something smeared across her face, the same substance as her daughter. "What have you two been doing" Hux asked. "Oh, this" Lady Shade said, reaching up and absent-mindedly touching the stuff on her cheek. "We were just making birthday cake. It's Ravens birthday, you know. We were finishing the icing. I was about to make breakfast." "Oh, is it" Hux said, his tone strained with mock interest. "Well.... happy birthday " he sneered. "You said you were making breakfast? Would you mind if I joined you? I have some rather important matters to discuss." Lady Shade pursed her lips. "Alright" she said. "I'll have to finish making the breakfast, if you'll excuse me." She turned on her heel and walked into the kitchen. Raven followed her mother, leaving Hux alone in the main room. He could see and hear those two moving about it the kitchen through the large doorway, but he did his best to ignore it. At least the news he was bringing would get rid of that bastard child.........for good . The breakfast was rather silent. Lady Shade and Raven finished their food quickly, while Hux barely touched his. Once both ladies were finished Abby took the plates off the table, including Hux's unfinished one. "So tell me" she said, slinking back to the table and sitting down in her chair. "What urgent news do you bring?" Her tone said It had better be good news . "The Supreme Leader" Hux said. "Has been informed of your, ah, disappearance yesterday. He is aware we sent troops after you, but that was clearly no help. He has come to a decision, specifically about her ." Hux made an offhand gesture towards Raven. Abby glanced at her daughter as well. "Raven" she said. "Do me a favor and go to your room for a few minutes. This is serious." Raven nodded to her mother, shot a questioning glance at Hux, and left the table. Abby rolled her hand in a gesture like continue . "The Supreme Leader has decided that your daughter will begin training with him" Hux announced. " Today ." "I'm sorry, what" Abby said. "That's not possible, we're already busy, Snoke can't just-" "He can " Hux said. "So stop interrupting. He is not pleased by your disappearance and where it is believed you went. I suggest you obey him if you want to keep your position." "But what about Raven, it's her birthday for the Force's sakes, I can't just send her away" Abby objected. "That's your problem" Hux said coldly. "You can work that out with the Supreme Leader yourself. Now, if you'll excuse me..." Hux rose from the table and walked to the door of the quarters, taking once last glance at the place before stalking out and slamming the door behind him. Raven, who was listening by the door in the living room, shivered with fear. She took a deep breath and was hit with and acrid smell. Abby smelled it too and suddenly jumped to her feet. "Kriff" she swore. "Momma" came Raven's scolding voice from the other room. Abby ran over to the oven and opened, taking out the roasted cake. "Well" she muttered. " Nothing could go wrong , eh? I really jinxed myself this time." She put the burnt cake on the counter, the flopped down in her seat at the kitchen table. Raven tiptoed in. "Are you gonna send me away" Raven asked quietly. "I told you to go to your room" Abby snapped, but this was a mistake. Raven's face fell. "Momma, why doesn't anybody like me" Raven asked. " I do" Abby assured her. "And your father does." "But nobody here does. Hux wants you to send me away!" Abby shook her head. "It's nothing you did, they don't like me , and by extension they don't like you. Most of them are scared of me, and the ones that aren't-like Hux-want to be able to boss me around." "Snoke bosses you around" Raven pointed out. "That's different" Abby said quickly. "But-" "Raven" Abby said sharply. "That's enough questions!" "Momma" Raven said quietly. "Is daddy going to come to my birthday party?" Abby put her head in her hands, elbows on the table. "Why am I not surprised you asked that" she asked aloud. "And no, he's not coming. He can't." "Because of Snoke" Raven said. "And Snoke is the one who wants to send me away from you!" "Well-" Abby began, but this time Raven cut her off. "Why don't you just overthrow Snoke or something like that" she raged. "Then you could do whatever you want! You'd be unstoppable!" Abby froze at how correct this statement was. She raised an eyebrow at her daughter. "I can't do that" she said. "Yes you-" "I can't do that Raven" Abby yelled, standing up from her seat at the table. Raven lowered her head and Abby sighed. "I'm sorry" she said. "I know this isn't going as planned. Just do me a favor and go change into some playclothes. We've got somewhere to go." Raven ran out of the kitchen. She was still in her t-shirt and the long pajama pants she slept in. She burst into her small bedroom and opened the drawers of her dresser, taking out a fresh shirt, jeans, and a black sweatshirt. She pulled these clothes on and added her boots for traveling. Then she poked her nose out of her room. The door to her mothers office was closed, a sure sign Abby was in there. Raven left the room quietly, making her way to the front door. And there sat her usual guardians, Felix and Crystal, guarding the doorway. "You guys" she hissed. "I've got to go, let me out!" Felix cocked his head to one side. They had a fast friendship, even tighter then the bond between her mother and the bird (Abby thought it was because Felix was under the impression Raven was a bird, but that was just her being silly). "And don't tell mom" Raven said. "If she catches me I'll have to go to Snoke!" This convinced the animals, for they both disliked the Supreme Leader with a passion beyond their minds capabilities. They both moved aside. Raven opened the door and walked out of the, into the hall. She went unchallenged, for passing stormtroopers had learned the hard way not to question the actions of Lady Shade, nor her daughter. Then she came upon a higher-ranking officer, who took notice of the familiar child wandering the halls. "What are you doing here" he asked her smartly. Raven stared up at him, her mind racing for an explanation. "Where's your mother?" This was a completely valid question. Lady Shade was not known to let her precious daughter out of her sight, and never if they were outside their quarters. "Umm..I..." Raven mumbled, unable to come up with an explanation. The officer nodded. "I'll see to it that you're escorted back" he said, reaching for his comlink. He was not fool enough to escort the child back himself. Lady Shade would no doubt be angry that her daughter left, and better an unnamed stormtrooper deal with that then he. "No" Raven shouted. No one else was present in the hall to take notice of this, but the officer scowled. "I'm afraid so, now be quiet" he snapped. "I said NO!" Raven thrust out her hand. He was frozen in place. But she caught herself at the last moment. Momma didn't like it when she used her powers. If she hurt a high-ranking officer like this man (she could tell by the badges on his chest, ones she'd learned to recognize as signs of superiority) there would be no telling the punishment she received. Momma might not want punish her, but Snoke or Hux would see that she did. She lowered her hand, releasing him. "You will let me carry on and forget you saw me" she said coolly. Her mind trick didn't work right away. "Don't order me around child" the officer said sharply. He spoke into his comlink. "Yes Captain, I'd like an escort-" Raven waved her hand. "You will let me carry on and forget you saw me" she repeated. "And you will cancel that order" she added hastily. The man froze, his eyes glazing over. "I will let you carry on and forget I saw you" he repeated in a monotone voice. "I will cancel this order." He spoke into his comlink. "Never mind, my apologies Captain, false alarm." As he said this Raven darted down the hall and out of sight. She liked the idea of this newfound, harmless power. Even if the officers and troopers of the First Order didn't obey her because she was Lady Shade's daughter, they would obey her orders thanks to this trick. She grinned and made for the hangar, eager to use the mind trick once more on a pilot, and anyone else who came across her daring little escape. Chapter 31 : Lost And Found Abby shut and locked the door of her office, slumping down at her desk and dropping her head into her arms. A sob shook her body. "Not Raven" she whispered. "After all this.......please not Raven." I warned you . "And stay out of my head" Abby snarled weakly. "You've already taken enough away from me!" But I've given you so much more. Power, status, safety, protection- "And now you're trying to take my daughter away from me" Abby half-screamed. "What has Raven ever done to you?!" She is a possible threat to my power- our power. Now that she knows Ben Solo is her father the Light will call to her. As Dark as she could possibly be, you have raised her somewhere in between the Dark and Light. I simply wish to correct this, show her the true nature of the Force, as you are clearly unwilling to. "I will, I was going to equip her with a lightsaber this very day" Abby argued. That doesn't matter. You refuse to raise her in the path of the Darkness. "That path has brought me just as much sorrow as it has joy" Abby snapped. "What do you know of how to raise a child?" I'm not going to raise her. I'm going to train her. You don't know her power, the power that could bring us a great advantage- "All you care about is this stupid war" Abby yelled. "Don't you care about what I want anymore! I visited the Resistance yesterday and negotiated a few base terms of a possible peace treaty, we could continue with this and-" I AM AWARE! And I say absolutely not! We are so close to victory over the gods- "Who cares" Abby said, cutting him off. "I don't care about the gods anymore! I just want my daughter to be happy for once! And that won't happen until you let Raven and I spend some time with her father! She wants a family, just like I did. It's too late for me, far too late, but at least allow her to have some sort of happy childhood!" Snoke seemed to relent at these words. His tone softened. Fine. Go to Ilum. Find her a crystal and help her construct a saber. When you return organize a battle against the Resistance. Do what you must, but if you don't bring Ben Solo to the Dark side then forget this foolishness. We don't have time for this, and I should know about that. Now go. Snoke left her mind, leaving her to a few more minutes of quiet sobbing. Finally she collected herself. This wasn't a very cheerful prospect. Capture Ben, force him to turn-this wasn't what she wanted. But Abby had no choice. She was shocked Snoke had agreed to these dismal terms at all, let alone set them. Abby rose from her desk and left the room. "Raven" she called. "It's time to go!" No response. "Raven" she repeated. "No games! I'm am not in the mood. Come out, we've got to go!" Raven still made no act indicating that she'd heard her mother. Abby stormed towards her daughters room. Her mood was dismal, but she had no intention of scaring her daughter. She managed to arrange her face into a forced smile. "C'mon out" she called, standing just outside the door. "I've got a surprise for your birthday!" At this failed attempt to draw her daughter out Abby flung open the door. Raven wasn't there. Abby searched the room, but her daughter wasn't hiding. She searched the rest of the quarters. No Raven. Another sob escaped her lips. A cry of pure pain. Her daughter, Raven, the light and joy of her very existence was gone. "No" she whispered. "NO!!" She tore apart her quarters in rage and grief, but still no trace of Raven presented itself. Her powers exploded around her, and the door blew off it's hinges. She hurtled out of the quarters, feeling no shame as stormtroopers and officers alike were blasted away from like flimsy pieces of paper blowing in a gale of hurricane force. Nothing except grief could penetrate her soul, which was swimming in tears. Her face was streaked with tears, more falling from her eyes every second. She stormed onto the bridge and proceeded to destroy something, hacking away at the metal with her lightsaber and scythe. Then a noise found it's way to her ears. "GOOD GOD WOMAN, STOP THIS" Hux yelled, running onto the bridge. Terrified officers were staring in horror at her. She dropped her weapons onto the floor with a clatter and caught a fistful of Hux's uniform, lifting him off his feet. "WHERE IS SHE" Lady Shade roared, shaking Hux by the collar. "WHAT HAVE YOU DONE WITH HER?!" "Who" Hux choked. "What are you talking about woman?" "WOMAN" she roared. "YOU WILL ADDRESS ME AS MY LADY , IF YOU LIVE LONG ENOUGH TO SPEAK TO ME AGAIN!" She threw him across the bridge, right into the wall. "NOW TELL ME" Abby bellowed. "WHERE IS RAVEN?!!" "Your daughter" Hux said, getting unsteadily to his feet after a painful encounter with the wall. "In your state she's probably better off away from here" he muttered under his breath. Abby flicked her hand and her scythe flew into it, which she slashed across the front of his uniform. She knew exactly how to cause painful physical harm without killing a person, because Snoke would be most displeased if she murdered a high-ranking officer such as Hux in her rage. "TELL ME WHERE SHE IS" she ordered, dropping the weapon. Her eyes danced with a fiery rage so intense Hux couldn't meet her eyes. "I don't know, my lady" he said, trying to placate her with respect. "I swear upon the River Styx, I don't know!" Everyone on the Finalizer had learned the value of making an oath upon the River Styx, and even Lady Shade respected the power of it. Hux only said this because he was frightened for his life, but now she had no choice but to believe him. "Alright" Lady Shade growled. She seemed to have regained control of her power and emotions, since her rage seemed to ebb away. Her face was still streaked with tears, and even in front of all the terrified officers they kept falling. "But where could she have gone? Who could have taken her?" Then one of the undamaged consoles began to bleep and blink. Either the bravest or stupidest officer ran over to it, checking the reading. "Excuse me, my lady" he whispered, his knees knocking. "There has been an unsanctioned departure from bay six." Lady Shade swept over, shoved him out of the way, and looked at the console. She shut her eyes, feeling through the Force. She sensed her daughter-Raven was close, but her Force signature was moving away from the Finalizer at an alarmingly fast rate. "It's her" she yelled triumphantly. "Stop that ship!" She backed away, allowing the officers to take their positions and transfer the order. She waved her hand and the damage she had done was reversed, even the injuries she had bestowed upon General Hux during her fit of rage fading, his uniform repaired as well. "Wait" she said coldly as Hux took his position beside her. "If that ship is shot down, or even ordered to be I WILL KILL EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOU!" There was a muttering of fearful assent as the officers continued their work. After a few minutes the officers began to sweat even more then before, nervous whispers passing along the bridge. Finally one of them was elected to confront Lady Shade. " My lady " he whispered fearfully. "Speak" she said, ordering him to raise his voice. "The ship was pursued by our fighters" he reported. "But it has now....." He gulped. "Spit it out" she yelled. He flinched. "Ithasdisappearedfromourscannersandtrackingdevices" he said, very quickly, but Lady Shade caught every word. "WHAT" she screamed. "We attempted to track it, but the TIEs report that it made the jump to hyperspace before we could attach a tracker" the officer said. Those were his last words. Abby thrust out her hand, catching him a chokehold with the Force. She could have simply slashed through his physical form with her weapons, but that death was much too quick for delivering her such grim news. She wasn't simply constricting his throat with the Force. Every particle in his body was shoved closer together, his eyes bugging out as he was slowly pressed to a pancake. There was a crunching as his bones were crushed, followed by a disgusting squelch, then the man lay dead on the floor. Abby nodded, satisfied by the gruesome murder. She left the bridge without another word. Leia, Ben, and Luke were relaxing in the lounge-the same lounge they had met Abby in-when the doors burst open. A tiny little person hurtled into the room. Ben jumped to his feet. "What are you doing here" he exclaimed. Raven jumped up and down, halfway between excitement and absolute shock. "Daddy" she yelled. "I actually got away with that!" "Calm down" Ben said. "Why are you here? What did you get away with?" "General Hux said momma was going to send me away to Snoke" Raven said. "And I didn't want to." "So you left" Ben said, dumbfounded. "Well, I guess I did" Raven said. "Momma's gonna be mad at me. She doesn't like it when I disappear." "I doubt she would" Ben said. "She might think you're in trouble." "Am I" Raven asked meekly. Ben glanced around. "........No" he decided. "But you shouldn't have run away, you know that right?" "I know that" Raven said. "But can I stay?" Ben glanced at Leia and Luke, the ones who made all the decisions of the Resistance. They exchanged a glance, then smiled at him. "Of course" Ben said. Raven grinned, but then she yawned hugely. She looked at Ben, holding up her arms in a unmistakable gesture. "Up, please" she said meekly. Ben obliged, picking Raven up. He glanced at Leia and Luke again, then walked out of the room with his daughter. He brought her back to the room where he and Abby had conversed only a day before. This was the main area of his quarters, which were plain and simple. He sat down on the couch, holding the sleepy child on his lap. The journey must have taken her most of the day, as the Finalizer was millions of light-years away from the Resistance base, as far as he knew. "When did you leave" he asked. "Just after breakfast" Raven informed him. "I woke up early to help momma with the birthday cake." "Abby made you a birthday cake" Ben asked. "Yeah, its my birthday" Raven said. "But then Hux came in and she accidentally burnt it. Hux told momma Snoke wanted her to send me away, and momma said she was going to listen." "Abby wouldn't say that" Ben objected. "Yes she would" Raven said sourly. "I asked her if she could stop listening to Snoke and she said she couldn't do that. That means she was gonna send me away." "You don't know how many tricks your mother has up her sleeve" Ben assured her. "Abby wouldn't have let anybody take you away from her." Raven blinked. "Momma said she couldn't stand up to Snoke" she said quietly. "I think momma's scared." "I wouldn't blame her" Ben said. "She's afraid Snoke will hurt you." Ravens lower lip quivered. "The Supreme Leader wants to hurt me" she whimpered. "Wouldn't put it past him" Ben muttered. "But don't worry. I'll keep you safe until we figure something out." "What about momma" Raven asked. "Will Snoke hurt her on my account?" "No" Ben said, though inside he thought that Snoke would be furious over Raven's disappearance. "Your mother can take care of herself." "Daddy, I'm scared" Raven said quickly. Ben hugged her close. "It's alright, I promise" he assured her. "Everything will be okay." Chapter 32 : 50 Follower Shoutout Party! BIG ANNOUNCEMENT : I've reached fifty followers on wattpad.com! You heard that right! FIFTY FOLLOWERS! I know that not a lot compared to other profiles, but I'm so grateful for the sixty-eight people who have taken time out of their day to read my stories! You guys are awesome! Here we go without the shoutouts! therealpeytonmeyer ItsPaolaMartinez 6zonguldakk7 OzanDeba sekerlibira_34 NewtUnicorn sevimli_hayalet_1_ -selinelif Uykuluu_Goz Nesqu1k12 SedefSabr sevlet_1994 kimbuceset EsraErdal8 BayanVodka- tugkralice nutellayiyenkoala seytaninsagkolu kalbimceset kbrabirsen_23 nur-C4 NicksatanPanda Whitemrah Callmehimeligaya Lsbn05 Cikolatalisutalbana Mc_angry -Dead_ 123colyagmuru123 Nurhan_Yildis Asya_Melekk ASiMavi_ WahibFarhan Uzayli-insan barrionoevojunior Dandonefy AbasGrancy beckbear _scripted_words RoyalSpaceProtection ForeverAndAlways926 xBubbleRayx __uzakdurkeko__ xXMaraJadeXx AuntWendy43 abbygrandma JoannaDystopia jaxmom7 angel_sashaxxx leilaalcide AshleyW02 emmafangirl 21ihess fasul13 animedragon16 Stroker7837 AstroBookwormSinger great_unknoown maxenetan love36009 princess-disney AbbyLikon Lover_Of_Most_Things Honeythemouse StarWarsCheeseburger katnissmellark675 meggylou19982804 demigodavianhybrid xxAfroCoolxx I love you all! Thanks so much for your support, don't forget to vote, comment, and add my stories to your reading lists if you're enjoying! XOX, AbbyGrace31415 Chapter 33 : In Need Of A Plan So, since I posted the last part my count of followers has skyrocketed . Now I have 110 people following my profile! Since there are that many people following me I would really appreciate comments, because I literally have a feedback addiction. That is not a joke, I seriously think I have a feedback addiction. I don't mind if its good or bad, as long as it's constructive. Sorry if I'm kind of bugging you guys for comments, I should be thanking you all for following me! Here you go: Love you all! Now, on with the story! Abby had been meditating for hours on end. Sitting on the floor of her destroyed quarters, legs crossed. She hadn't seen another person for hours, and unless it was Raven or Ben didn't want to. Finally, after hours, she drifted off into a fitful sleep. Ben was with her. Ben was in the same place as her. Ben was right next to her! She looked over at him, then realized this was only a dream. She was lying next to him in an unfamiliar room, a room she didn't doubt was his. But she couldn't move closer, she couldn't make any movement of her own. She drifted away from him, off the bed, until she was standing at the side of his bed. She regained control of her limbs, and then Ben woke up. He turned his head towards her and jumped, sitting up, his bare chest heaving. "How did you get here" he asked. "This is just a dream" Abby said sadly. "I'm still back on the Finalizer." "We're having the same dream?" "Yeah" Abby muttered. "Probably the Force." She shrugged. "Wait, don't tell me" Ben said. "You want to know where Raven is." "I do" Abby said. "She came to me" Ben informed her. "She said you were going to send her to Snoke." Abby bit her lip. "Were you? Abby, you don't have to listen to him!" "That's what Raven said" Abby muttered. "And you're both wrong. Snoke is an ancient, powerful being. Unless I can manage a surprise attack-and the way he monitors me it would be near impossible-there would be almost no chance of my victory in a fight, fair or unfair." "I'll help you, we'll defeat him together" Ben offered. He swung his legs off the bed and got up, making his way around it towards her. "What's wrong" he asked. "Are you scared?" Abby shook her head. "I'm not scared" she said quietly. "I'm terrified." Ben reached for her, but she backed away from him. "Snoke will hurt you and Raven if you're around me. Raven is smart. She knows she's better off here then with me." "Abby, you're right" Ben said. Abby raised an eyebrow. She hadn't expected him to give in to her ideas. "Raven is smart. She got away from the First Order before it was too late. You could do the same. We'd get away from here, far from here. The Outer Rim. Snoke would never find us there." "You don't know his power. If he wants something there's no hiding it from him." "You don't have to protect me, or Raven. I'm not afraid. We can protect her, together " Ben said, stepping up to Abby and cupping her face in his large hand. "You don't have to be afraid either" he added softly. A sad smile crossed Abby's face. "Ben, I can't" she said. "It's just.....if Snoke doesn't hurt you or Raven, then I will. I'm worse then him by tenfold. You and Raven are better off away from me." "I can hardly stand another day without you" Ben stated. "Even though I've hardly met Raven, you and her are the only things I want." "Then you are foolish" Abby cried. "I am too dangerous for this human life, I should be cast into Tartarus!" "Don't say that" Ben hissed, shutting her up with a rough kiss. Abby tried to fight, but she couldn't force herself to harm him. The kiss deepened, becoming more passionate. Ben began kissing down her neck again. "Ben" Abby moaned. "We can't do this." Ben looked at her. He pulled her body closer to him, towering over her. Then he blinked. "What am I doing" he asked. He let her go. Abby stumbled away from him. "This will all be over soon" she shouted, for all the world to hear. "I promise you that!" And she woke up. Ben and Raven walked out onto the landing pad, where Leia had asked them to meet her. The Millennium Falcon was landing there, and in a few moments the hatch had lowered. Han and Chewie made an appearance, looking battered. Leia and Ben both moved forward. "What happened, where have you two been" Leia demanded. "We were.........well" Han said slowly. "We were captured by those Knights of whatever. Don't know what they wanted, but we managed to get out before anything happened." Leia embraced him. "I'm glad you're safe" she said. Han embraced her as well, before turning to Ben. He caught sight of the figure bobbing at Ben's heels. "Who's this" he asked. Ben glanced at Raven, then at Leia. Raven bore a striking resemblance to him, one Han would no doubt notice, and put the pieces together. "Her name is Raven" Ben said. "Raven, this is Han Solo." "He's related to you" Raven asked. "Yeah" Ben said. "He's my father." Raven narrowed her eyes at Han, as if deciding whether or not to make a fuss over this new information. To Ben's relief she decided against it, shrinking closer to his leg and watching Han with the striking, honey colored eyes she'd inherited from her mother. "Where'd she come from" Han asked. This time it was Leia had enough tact to cover for him. "You two look exhausted" she said to Han and Chewie. "Why don't you come inside?" Han and Chewie followed her into the base, leaving Raven and Ben on the landing pad. "Daddy" Raven said quietly. "That makes him my grandfather, doesn't it?" "Well, yes it does" Ben agreed. "But I don't think you should say anything about it until I figure something out." "Why can't I" Raven asked. "Because..." Ben didn't know what to tell her. "Because he might not take it well. Especially since.........well........your mother........" "Momma? Does he not like her" Raven asked. "No-not at all to be honest" Ben said, deciding to tell her the truth. "So he doesn't like momma" Raven reasoned. "Why shouldn't he like me?" Ben shook his head. "Sometimes people just don't think like that" he said. "He won't be very impressed with me either." "Why not" Raven asked. "You said you were his son." "I wasn't supposed to.........I wasn't supposed to fall in love with your mother" Ben said. "We're on different sides of a war. Jedi aren't strictly supposed to fall in love at all, whether it is with a darksider or otherwise." "Is that why nobody likes me" Raven said. "I'm not supposed to be alive?" "No" Ben said immediately. Raven narrowed her eyes shrewdly. With this expression she looked almost exactly like her mother, looking up at Ben like a bird of prey. "Let's go back inside" she said. Ben shrugged. "Alright then." He walked back into the base, Raven following at his heels, like a shadow. "Leia, I'm serious, who is that kid" Han demanded. Leia bit her lip. "You act like you're hiding something. Is she Force-sensitive?" "Yes" Leia said. "Ben is a Jedi Knight, is she his apprentice or something" Han suggested. "Sort of" Leia admitted. She had little idea what her son was planning to do with Raven about her Force powers, but she supposed Raven would need to be trained in the Force at some point. "I don't know about that kid" Han said. "She reminds me of that Lady Shade character." Leia bit her lip. She didn't know how well Han would take if she told him that their granddaughter was a child of Lady Shade. "Leia" Han said, his voice softening. "You're hiding something from me." "I don't know how to explain" Leia said. "Honestly, the specifics are none of our business, but-" "What are you talking about" Han said. "Is there something wrong? Is Ben in trouble?" "I don't know" Leia admitted. "I don't know much about this. But no, Ben isn't in trouble-at least I don't think so. Raven is under certain protections among the First Order, and as her guardian that extends to him as well." "Why is that kid protected by the First Order" Han asked. "And, if she is, why is Ben her guardian? Why doesn't she live with the First Order? And why is a kid like her under the protection of the First Order in general? She's-how old, seven? What could the First Order want?" Leia decided she had to tell Han the truth. "This is going to come as a shock" Leia said. "But Raven is Ben's daughter." Han raised an eyebrow. "A daughter he hasn't spoken of, acknowledged the existence of, or seemed aware of for the past seven years" he said rather skeptically. "We're all sure he knew about her" Leia said. "Her mother took care of her in the past. But, recently, Raven ran away and came to him." "Who's her mother" Han asked. "Why'd she run away from her mother? And what does the First Order have to do with any of this?" "You said it yourself" Leia answered. "Did I?" "Well yes" Leia said. Han creased his brow, before realizing what Leia meant. "And this kid is our granddaughter" he exclaimed. "This kid is Ben's daughter. How did-" "That's not our business" Leia said quickly, inferring Han's next question. "I suppose it isn't" Han agreed. "But still , how are we supposed to trust that this kid isn't a spy? Lady Shade was when she was seven." Everyone had learned about Abby's long history of treachery against the Jedi temple, how she had planned to betray them since the first day. "The kid ran away from her mother" Han continued. "Probably was terrified. That woman is out of her tree." "Abby never did a thing to Raven, Raven said it herself" Leia assured him. "She was worried about Snoke. She thought Abby was going to send her to be taught by Snoke-but she was mistaken." "And how do you know this? A seven year old's claim? I don't trust Lady Shade, Leia. I don't know why or how our granddaughter became hers, but I suppose we shouldn't blame it on the kid" Han said, seeming to reconsider his initial impression when he had heard that Raven was Lady Shade's daughter. Leia smiled. "That's right" she agreed. "Why don't you and Chewie go introduce yourselves? I'm sure Raven will be delighted to meet you." Snoke called his daughter into the audience chamber, his patience running out at an alarmingly fast rate. "I want you to spend a week in preparation" he announced the moment she entered. "Preparation for what" Abby asked plainly, without her usual amount of spirit. "A quest of sorts" Snoke said. "You will attack the Resistance exactly one week from this very moment. No one will be spared. No one ." Abby opened her mouth to argue, but Snoke rose from his throne and flicked his hand. It felt as is she had been sharply slapped across the mouth, which was enough to shut her up. "Let me rephrase that" Snoke said, sitting back down as if nothing had happened. "Every single piece of Resistance scum will be dead by the time you are finished there. You will bring your daughter to my base, unharmed and alive. There you will hand her over to me for training, and then lead our armies to fall on Olympus. The Knights of Ren will accompany you. There will be no accommodations made in our plans. Our ultimate victory is at out fingertips. You know what needs to be done to gain it." Abby swallowed hard. This meant Ben had to die. But what did she want more? Her stupid revenge, which she'd had more then twenty years to mull over and forget? Or did she want what was best for Raven, did she want to see her daughter happy, did she want to see Raven with both her parents there to watch over her? "Your thoughts betray you" Snoke said. "This is your last chance to prove your loyalty. Otherwise there will be.......consequences. Now go." Abby nearly dashed out. Terror was running through her. Snoke was, in a way, even crazier then she was. He had swallowed five of his seven children, and an irrational fear was wound deep in her soul was that he might be tempted to do it again. Even if that wasn't what he was willing to do, she didn't doubt this would be far beyond a simple punishment. Torture without end is what she foresaw, being cast into Tartarus with nothing, forced into eternal pain. Her heart beat wildly in her chest as she gulped for air. What she needed now was a plan. Chapter 34 : Framed I've got three things to say before we begin. Firstly: Hey, all my 115 followers out there, where are all my comments at?! I know I bug you guys about this, but I found this tumblr post that perfectly explains my need for comments. Here's the link: http://abbyloveseverythingnerdy.tumblr.com/post/150259044092/jadegreenworks-helly-watermelonsmellinfellon Secondly: Do you guys know any good Kylo RenxReader fanfics? I love reading those and would be really grateful if you recommended any for me. Thanks a bunch! Thirdly: OFMSHKOIDFLIHLISHFIOPNDSGPNAIPFHJPO MY FRIEND DREW KYLO GRACE FANART OGHNIOEDFRNHOIPEADHGFNIOLAHGJDOASPJGIOJLOIS! KFJEOIHDGEOISAEHTGIOHWGIOPREHOIHJOIJH!! (I know its huge, sorry about that) I have no idea what language that was, and when my friend gave it to me I was hyperventilating for the last two periods of school, I could not calm down. So a million thank-you's you my friend for drawing it! (I know it has nothing to do with this part, I just had to share it) Now, let's get some actual fanfiction up in here because this authors note is long and boring and this part is important. Nobody expected Raven and Han to become friends. But the daughter of Lady Shade and the smuggler got along exceptionally well. Since Chewie liked her as well she ended up tagging along with them, spending almost as much time with the smuggler and the wookiee as she did with her father. Han and Chewie accepted her presence, occasionally even taking her on short flights in the Millennium Falcon . Raven learned from watching them, and when they repaired ships she was scampering around delivering tools and such, sometimes even directly helping with the less delicate parts of the operation. She had never been so happy in her life. Everyone loved her, talked to her, didn't treat her like a grudgingly accepted gift to be kept high up, hidden out of sight on a dusty shelf. But Han and Chewie weren't the only ones who were kind to her. Leia loved her granddaughter. Raven was a joy to her, and when she wasn't hanging out with Han and Chewie you could bet that the girl was with Leia. She loved to watch anyone at the Resistance do their respective jobs, Leia in particular. It was similar to her mothers, but Leia's job was interesting in the way that Raven could sometimes interact with it. Leia would ask Raven to do small little jobs for her, which Raven gladly accepted. She loved the feeling of being helpful, making up for all her accidents with her mother's power when she resided with the First Order. Leia would ask her to deliver short messages, papers, and sometimes even important data. Raven loved feeling important because she was doing something, not just because she was the daughter of a commanding officer. But such good times could not last. Not much less than a week after she arrived at the Resistance base Han took her out on an important operation-repairing a Resistance transport that was in decline. It was just Raven and him since it was early morning and everyone else was asleep. "Okay," Han told her, sitting her down in the co-pilot's seat. "Don't touch anything and-oh, c'mon, I forgot the tools!" "I'll go-" Raven began, but Han shook his head. "I forgot them, I'll go get them," he said. "Just sit here and don't touch anything . This ship is in a very delicate condition. You never know when the thing might explode." Han meant this as a joke and even laughed about it a bit, but the threat was too real to be kidding about. He left Raven alone in the cockpit. Big mistake. Now, it wasn't her fault. She listened to her grandfather's orders and obeyed them, sitting still in the chair, her small hands clasping the sides of the seat, swinging her legs and humming to herself as she looked around the battered old cockpit. Then she saw it. A ghostly image, almost holographic, standing with its back to her, hunched over one of the control panels Han had opened to work on-the most delicate one at that. It was tearing apart the wires and reconnecting them in odd places, completely messing up the circuitry and turning the ship into one massive time bomb. "Hey," Raven yelled, unaware of how much damage the apparition actually doing. "Stop that! Cut it out! Go away!" The apparition did stop, turning it's head the slightest towards her, but she saw none of its face. Then it disappeared, leaving the damaged circuit board a mess. Raven sighed with relief, for it had only been visible for a few seconds, but the damage was done. She heard footsteps down the hall and realized she could not tell this to Han. She had learned one thing about him early on-he did not believe stories of the paranormal or supernatural easily. She doubted he would buy her story of the holographic apparition, instead blaming the damage on her, thinking she had messed with the control board instead of the actual culprit-a ghost. Han walked in and put the toolbox down in the pilot's seat, before catching sight of the damage. "Was that there before?" he asked aloud. "I don't know," Raven said, almost sighing with relief. "No, it wasn't" Han decided. He rounded on her. "I told you not to touch anything," he said sternly. "I didn't, it was..." Raven faltered at the look Han gave her. Disappointment. Not anger. Just disappointment. "You might not have meant to," he said. "But you're gonna have to leave now. This isn't safe anymore." "But-" "Go" Han ordered. Raven nodded and jumped out of the seat, running for the exit ramp of the ship. It began to rumble and shake under her feet. "RUN" Han shouted hoarsely from the cockpit, and she heard him behind her, but the ship was collapsing in on itself. She scrambled down the exit ramp and ran for the base, turning around once she thought she was at a safe distance. She couldn't see Han, but the apparition was back, shoving the door of the ship closed. "NO, GO AWAY" she shouted, leaping forward to swat the apparition. A hand caught the back of her shirt, stopping her. It was Ben. He pulled her away from the shaking ship, the door to said ship now jammed shut, and jumped in front of her as it collapsed in on itself and exploded. Raven began to cry and Ben picked her up. "What happened," he asked quietly. "It was the ghost" she whimpered. "The ghost messed up the wires, then disappeared. Grandpa thought I did it, so he told me to leave. Then he yelled to run, so I did." She buried her face in Ben's shoulder and said no more. "What happened" came a shout from the door of the base. Leia and Chewbacca ran onto the landing pad. Chewie was roaring and Leia looked shaken. "W-What" Leia began, but Ben shook his head. "We don't know," he said. "I sensed..." Leia couldn't force the words out of her, only putting a hand to her chest. Chewie growled sadly. "Where's Han," Leia asked. Ben shook his head again. "Not now," he said quietly. He put his hand up to Raven's head, effectively covering the ear closest to his mouth. " Raven thinks it's her fault " he whispered. " Let me take her inside. " Leia nodded. "Of course, of course," she said. "Poor child....." She shut her eyes. "But Han.........did he get out?" Ben hung his head. "No," he said. "There's no way. I saw that explosion and just look-" He gestured at the smoldering wreckage. There was no way anyone stuck inside that ship could have survived. "I'm sorry," he said. Leia hung her head as well, and Chewbacca roared. He made his way towards the wreckage, even though the chances were hopeless that Han would be alive in there somewhere. Ben glanced at Leia. She nodded and gestured towards the door. "Go on," she said. "Take Raven inside." Ben nodded, walking into the base with the sobbing little girl, who clearly blamed herself for her grandfather's death. Hours later, that night, Raven woke Ben up. "What are you doing awake," Ben asked, sitting up. Raven looked up at him with her tearstained face and wet eyes. Once again she looked like her mother, looking up at Ben, begging for help. "I can't sleep" she whimpered. "The ghost keeps coming back." "Ghost of what" Ben asked. "Han?" "No," Raven said. "I wish he would so I could tell him it wasn't my fault. But it's the one who set up the explosion. It's............. haunting me. Reminding me that the explosion was my fault." "Raven," Ben said. She winced, for his tone sounded rather like one used when beginning a lecture. "Come here." She came closer. He picked her up and brought her onto the bed with him. "That was not your fault," he said firmly. "Do you want to stay here?" "Yes," she whimpered. "It's scary all alone in my room." "Don't worry" Ben assured her. "Everything will be okay." But he felt as if everything was falling apart. Chapter 35 : Innocent Summary: The last chapter wasn't even the craziest plot twist. Just wait and see my friends, wait and see.............. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) "Ben! Wake up, there's an attack!" "Seriously" Ben muttered sitting up. Raven was still fast asleep next to him, and Rey was standing off to the side of the bed, having prodded his shoulder in the effort to wake him up. Then he heard shouts and blaster fire. " Seriously ," Rey said. "Hurry, get dressed, the First Order has brought everyone ." Ben got up at this. "Alright, alright," he said. "Now get out there, go on." Rey nodded and ran out, reaching for her lightsaber. She was already fully robed and ready for battle. Ben threw on his robes, then went to wake Raven and take her somewhere safe. "Raven," he said. She woke up at the sound of her name. "What's happening," she asked. "The First Order is attacking" Ben informed her. "I've got to take you somewhere safe." "But I want to-" "I know," Ben said. "It's too dangerous." "Will you and momma have to fight?" Raven asked, gazing up at him fiercely. "Possibly," Ben said. "But we'll avoid it if we can." "I want to help," Raven said. "What if you or momma get hurt?!" "What's more important," Ben said firmly. "Is that you're okay. Now get up and come with me." Raven nodded and got up, following him out of the room. People were running around in a frantic rush, preparing for battle and running onto the battlefield. Raven hurried along, shrinking next to his leg and watching the commotion from her usual spot at his heels. Ben brought her deep into the base, where anyone who couldn't fight was being brought, inside a safe bunker-like area. "Raven, you've got to listen to me," Ben said, pulling her aside and kneeling in front of her. "Stay here, and don't make any trouble, and stay safe . Please." Raven realized her father was begging her to stay safe. He wanted her to be there when he got back. "I will," Raven said. Ben started to get up. "Wait," she called, catching his robe and pulling him back down to her eye level. "You stay safe too," she said. "You'll come back for me, right?" "Of course I will" Ben assured her. " That , you don't have to worry about." He kissed her on the forehead. "Now go," Ben told her. "Daddy," Raven said quietly, just as he left. "May the Force be with you." Ben glanced back at her one more time. He couldn't think of anything to say. But Raven had already turned around a scurried into the bunker, out of sight. The next few minutes were a blur. The first thing Ben remembered clearly after leaving his daughter in the safe zone was seeing what looked like a person dart through the Knights of Ren quicker than a bolt of lightning. The Knights of Ren had just disembarked from their ship when a hooded figure followed them. Lady Shade . And what was she doing? Darting through their ranks, killing every single one of them. Finally, she came to a ginger woman. Arian Hux whipped around, seeing her ally bringing a short silver knife down across her neck. The ginger knight caught the blade, and Lady Shade fought to break her grip. There was a moment's struggle, which involved Abby trying to punch the other woman. Arian caught her hand as well. "You traitor" she shouted, loud enough for anyone nearby to hear. "I'll show you traitor in a second" Lady Shade responded viciously, fighting to break Arian's grip. She ripped her left hand away, managing to land a good punch on the knight's face. Arian let go her knife arm, and she swung. If it hadn't been for Arian's reflexes she would have died. But no, instead she jumped out of the way and Abby stumbled forward from the momentum of the swing. "Losing your touch, aren't you" Arian taunted, before kicking Abby down onto the ground, which provided her with valuable time to escape. She could have killed her, but she wanted to see what punishments Snoke would visit upon Lady Shade for killing 99 percent of the Knights of Ren. And Arian had to start plotting with her brother on how best to overthrow Snoke once Lady Shade had been banished in disgrace. "Kill him, kill him, KILL HIM!" Abby stood, brushing herself off. That accursed, ginger-headed freak. That was, unfortunately, probably Abby's last chance to kill her. Snoke's patience had no doubt run out, a point made clear by the shouting in her head. This is your last chance, kill him NOW! Abby covered her ears with her hands, her face screwed up from the force of Snoke's words. "Just leave me alone" she muttered, so no one could hear. "I'll do this myself." You'd better. Abby swept away from the spot where eight of the Knights of Ren lay dead, her and Arian Hux being the only two left. She made her way towards the Resistance base, her eyes roaming, searching for Ben. She caught sight of a flash of green and a crossguard-that had to be his lightsaber. Across the battlefield, Abby could see a yellow lightsaber deflecting blaster bolts. That would be the scavenger. And the simple green of Master Lukes lightsaber let her know where he was, nearby the scavenger. Abby's grip tightened on the hilt of her knife. She didn't need a weapon to fight and defend herself, so she wasn't armed as usual. Her palms were sweaty. "I can't do this" she whispered. "I can't do this." You must . You had better do it. Abby felt her eyes water. "Please," she begged. "Just let me do this alone." The voice did not respond. Abby continued to walk towards Ben. Gods, she admired him. Such a brave human. And she loved him. She couldn't do this. But she had to. Otherwise, everything she had ever done was meaningless. Ben had caught sight of her ages ago and now broke away from the stormtroopers he was fighting and ran towards her. "Abby" he shouted. Abby stood still as a statue. "Ben Solo," she said. She choked on the next thing she tried to say, and Ben came closer. "What are you doing, I thought there was a peace treaty" Ben began, reaching out for her. "Don't touch me" she shouted, jumping back. "I don't want to hurt you. B-But I have to......." Her hands were shaking. Stop wasting time, KILL HIM NOW! Abby put her hands to her head and gave a quiet wail of agony, the force of Snoke's words shredding through her mind and composure like paper. Ben came closer, his hand outstretched, reaching for hers. "You don't have to protect me," he said. "I'm not afraid of you. Just don't shut me out-don't shut anyone out." Abby looked at him, her eyes bloodshot and glowing with a fractured light. "You should be" she muttered. Her knife flashed. Ben gave a yell, but too late. Abby nearly killed him, but her better nature got hold of her at the last possible second. She tilted the blow and an invisible Force that shoved it back, taking off his hand. Abby let loose a primal scream of horror at what she had done and wheeled around, bringing her knife down at the empty air. A pale hand wrapped around her wrist, stopping the blow. Slowly blackness seemed to drain into the image. Snoke had been there the whole time, and now he was regarding his daughter with utter disgust. "You weak girl, you foolish girl" he snarled, snatching the blade from her hand. Abby fought to free herself, but the Titan lord held her still. "Weak" Snoke spat. "You have lost sight of what is important." "I don't care anymore" Abby shouted, but the look in her eyes was that of a caged animal. "Let me go!" Snoke smirked. "Alright." He threw her to the ground. "Leave her alone you monster" Ben shouted. He was cradling the stump of his hand, but the look in his eyes was fierce. He stood straight, but the Titan Lord only laughed. "You have no right to interfere, mortal" Snoke declared, and Ben was thrown backward with the force of a bomb. "BEN" Abby screamed, spitting blood out of her mouth and jumping to her feet, running to his side. His robes had torn on the rocky ground and Snoke had inflicted numerous cuts upon him in his rage. "I'm sorry" Abby sobbed, lowering her head. Ben put his left arm around her. "This is all my fault" Abby continued, her tears beginning to fall. "Everyone I care about gets taken away from me." "Oh no," Snoke said with a wicked, insane grin. "You're going with him." A sharp pain erupted up her back and she collapsed across Ben's body, sticky blood coating the area all the way up her spine. Ben held onto her. Then the two most horrible sounds Abby had ever heard in her entire life resonated across the battlefield. One was the strangled, heartbroken scream that echoed across the battlefield from the entrance of the Resistance base. The other was Snoke's maniacal laughter. "Yes," he shouted towards the person who had screamed. "Come see what you have brought about." "No" Ben muttered, trying to move. But he fell back with another wound inflicted upon him by the Titan lord. "YOU LIAR" Ben shouted. "YOU LEAVE HER ALONE!" Abby stirred, wincing as she turned her head. "Momma" Raven sobbed. "Daddy! Did I do this?!" She looked so distressed that Abby found it possible to move, the pain lost in rage and grief. "Raven, no" Abby said. "This is not your fault, Snoke is a liar and a coward." "I wouldn't say that" Snoke warned. Raven ran over to her parents, her face streaked with tears. "Look" Snoke shouted, staring at the scene like it was something interesting or funny. "Even your own daughter knows it's too late!" He stalked around them, still inspecting them like a prize. "I'll just watch you two die," he said. "Then I'll take Raven and be done with this foolish human drama." Raven stumbled closer to her parents her eyes wide with shock. She glanced down at her own hands, then at the injuries Snoke had inflicted upon Ben and Abby. Tears still ran down her face, but her eyes were bright. Her small fists unclenched and she took a deep breath. " Daddy " she whispered. " Momma. You're going to be okay. " "Your daughter is just as foolish as you" Snoke proclaimed. "I'll have to remedy that." Raven's cupped her face in her hands, standing over them, Snoke behind her. "Look" Snoke observed gleefully. "She's mourning you! Yes, child. Your parents are dead. You have nothing left." Abby and Ben didn't move. Life was draining out of Abby, and Ben was dwindling at the edge as well. Raven moved her hands from her face. They were filled with something misty and white. "You're gonna be okay," she said firmly. The mist in her hands trickled onto the ground, crawling along and seeping into Ben and Abby. Their wounds closed. "NO" Snoke shouted, his moment of victory destroyed. "MEDDLING CHILD, I WILL END YOU!" He brought his scythe and, in one swift move, had swept Raven away with the Force of a blow. Abby found her voice for one final scream of rage, and she caught up the nearest weapon she could find-Ben's lightsaber. She jumped to her feet, the magic her daughter had cast reviving her. She drove the blade through Snoke's chest, an ending not gruesome enough for what she thought he deserved. He did not die from the blow, so Abby ripped his own scythe from his hand. "And now," she said, her voice shaking. Ben rose behind her, his face grim. Raven did not have enough power to restore his hand, but the bleeding had stopped and the wound had cauterized. " You will die" Abby decreed. " I will end you ." She brought the scythe down in a flurry of blows, which sent inchor spilling to the ground. Snoke roared in agony and rage. "NOOOOOOO" he shouted, then he dissolved, the black mist of his essence sinking into the earth and down into Tartarus, his old prison. Abby yelled as the scythe began to smoke, burning her hand. She dropped the evil weapon and it combusted, turning to ash. Ben turned to where Raven had fallen. "Oh no," he whispered. Abby turned as well. " Raven ," she said, her mouth wide in a silent scream. She ran forward, tears flooding her eyes and cascading down her face. Ben followed, falling to his knees beside her in the grass. Raven was lying on her side in the grass, blood pouring from a gash at her hip where the scythe had struck her. Abby and Ben both wanted to save her, but there was too much blood. It was too late. Ben felt tears prick at his eyes. He picked Raven up. She looked up at him, her once bright eyes dulling. "I told you," she said, grinning a weak smile up at her parents. "You were right about me" Abby assured her, nearly choking on her words again. "You were right about us ." The smile on Raven's face grew wider, then it fell away. "I feel funny," she said. "Everything.........will be okay" Ben said. Neither he nor Abby wanted Raven to realize she was dying and freak out. Raven squinted up at Ben's face, then at Abby's, as if trying to decipher a lie. "Daddy," she said quietly. "Then why are you and momma crying?" "Don't you fret my dear" Abby said, doing the best she could at a quiet song. The smile found its way back to Ravens face even as the light dwindled in her eyes. Whenever she had a nightmare Abby would sing this song to comfort her. "This'll all be over soon. And we'll be waiting here.......for you." Even as Abby and Ben watched, Raven's eyes glossed over. She lay still, the ghost of her last smile still etched upon her face. Despite that fact that the battle still raged around them, nothing else in the world mattered to Abby and Ben. Abby's quiet sobs were muffled as she leaned her head against his chest, her eyes shut. Ben buried his face into her hair, as if they were both trying to hide from reality. He breathed in her calming vanilla scent. But not even the calm of that familiar scent, not even the warmth of her body against his, nothing could distract them from the horrible truth. Raven was dead. Me: You readers (and my mom. She's mad at me now 'cause I killed the baby): Notes: -Author- Somebody call Rick Troll Riordan (Obviously his actual name), J.K. Rowling (Just Kidding Trolling), and George R.R. Martin (Nothing needs to be said about this guy) because we need to make the Offical Guild Of Troll Authors! That's all I have to say about that! XOX, AbbyGrace31415 Chapter 36 : Authors Note (Abby? Is That You?!) Okay, so I've been thinking about this story. It can go two different ways, and I've decided to let you wonderful readers out there vote on which ending you'd like more. But, let me warn you, either way you choose, the story is ending soon. I know, so sad, but it's gone on for almost as long as When Worlds Collide , and I really don't think this will need to be any longer than that story. Ending 1: I'll twist the plot one more time-I won't tell you what happens just yet, but we might see a bit more of Raven. Ending 2: We continue with what we've got, no promises on whether or not we see Raven again, no more plot twists, just an ending. Okay, comment #ending1 or #ending2 to cast your vote! Moving on from that, I've got a few things to show you guys. I'll bet you a few of you have been wondering about Abby Grace's appearance. So I went ahead and did some digging on Google images, found some images of people who look like Abby Grace. Here are my top ten images that look like Abby Grace: This one looks a heck of a lot like her. Of course, I was the base for her, but I'm a bit too young to accurately portray her. This girl looks like her, maybe in her teenage years. The eyes are a bit off, but that hair, that face shape, those earrings, that hair, that smirk -What are you planning, this time, Abby?! This is the one my mom says looks most like her. I can definitely see it. (Oh yeah, and I forgot to mention, these are in no particular order) Freckles! Abby does have freckles, maybe not that many, but she does have a few-similar to mine, actually. The death stare. Once again, the eyes are a bit off, but pretty darn close. This looks like a scene I'm planning to write, where she explains everything to Rey and the rest over a campfire on Ach-To. (Another quick note: I know most of these pictures are of girls wearing makeup, but Abby usually keeps her face makeup-free. She just doesn't like it, and I don't like it either. You might say OMG, how do you live without makeup?! I'll tell you. You look perfect the way you are. Sure, sometimes I'll do my nails for fun, but everyone has natural beauty and people should be proud of it! #randominspirationalspeech) Probably Abby when she's younger, talking to Ben. Her hair is a bit lighter and wavier than this girl's and the eye shadow is a bit much, but the pose, expression, and outfit are all on point ! Just the right amount of freckles and a pretty on point eye color. This one is obviously a bit of an older Abby, but still dangerous. That, my friends, is pain in her eyes. Abby? Is that you? And now, the moment you have all been waiting for. #facereveal time! And that, in the background, is my room, the shrine of all nerdiness. I know the photo is bad quality, I'm horrible at taking photos, especially selfies. And here are three fan arts of Abby Grace, because there aren't enough images in this part already. This one is done by one of my friends, she's very talented, thanks to her for drawing this awesome art! This one and the next was drawn by my same friend who drew the Kylo Grace fanart featured in part 34 of this story ( Framed ). She's very talented as well and I'd like to thank her for drawing these! (P.S. This image and the one below it are Abby when she's a bit younger and also heavily based off me. I'm clearly a huge dork, hence the #facereveal image above) Okay, that's enough images for this part. Thanks for reading! Don't forget to vote on which way this story goes (#ending1 or #ending2 in the comments below!) See you all in the next big adventure! XOX, AbbyGrace31415 Chapter 37 : Abby's Revenge Summary: Finally! An update to this fic! Everyone voted for #ending1, so here it is. There will be a few more parts, but not many because I'm lazy. Also, school is happening. I'm working to write some stuff for you guys, but I'm also thinking about writing a remix of When Worlds Collide. That will probably be split into two books and have more plot, more of Abby's quests, more of Abby's life aside from her adventures with Ben in general, more fluff, more angst, more fangirl feels-pretty much two absolutely insane books based on the ideas present in When Worlds Collide. Sure, I will borrow some chapters and scenes from the original, but these two books will have a lot of new material to explore. Do you guys like that idea? If you do go ahead and let me know so I can begin working on it. Actually, I have a lot of the middle and ending already planned, but the beginning still needs loads of work. Anyway, back to this fic, it's nearing the end. Sad, I know. Even sadder than Raven's death. But it's about to go down in this story, so stick around for that! Abby decided it was time to set things right. But the First Order was still at large. So she came up with a twisted plan to destroy it from the inside, but first, she needed to get rid of her rivals for power over the First Order-the Hux twins, Armitage and Arian. Abby didn't doubt they were already scheming to take control, believing she was disgraced or dead-possibly both. So she went after them. They were waiting for her when she returned to the Finalizer , standing in the hangar when she appeared out of the blue. Her heart was still torn to pieces from the death of her daughter, but Abby had forced herself to get over it-at least for the time being. There would be time to mourn once the First Order was under her thumb, or destroyed. "I see you've returned" Armitage began. "Isn't that obvious" Abby snapped back. "Tell us how you escaped Snoke," Arian said, stepping up beside her brother. "I didn't escape him" Abby informed them. "I killed him." "Where's the proof" Arian snapped. "Do you really think" Abby countered. "That I would be standing here after killing almost every member of the Knights of Ren and then encountering Snoke? It doesn't take a genius to figure that out." "Even if he is dead" Armitage continued. "Why should you be welcomed back here? You've fraternized with the enemy." "I wouldn't call it fraternizing " Arian corrected her brother. Abby raised an eyebrow. "But that has been corrected. Her bastard child is dead." Abby began visibly shaking from the strain of resisting the urge to cut them down where they stood. She blinked tears out of her eyes, her lips turning into a thin line. "Whatever the case is," she said, her voice shaking as well. She corrected this in an instant, allowing her anger to strengthen her tone. "Snoke is dead. I killed him. That means I am the Supreme Leader. Give me one reason to be merciful to you two." Arian went for her lightsaber, but Armitage stopped her. "We'll humor you," he said. "Do you know why were of such favor with the Supreme Leader?" "His views mean nothing to me" Abby snarled. "But it would be interesting to hear what made you two-mere mortals -of such high rank in this First Order. "We are not mere mortals " Arian revealed. "We are demigods. I'm honestly surprised you haven't picked that up yet." "Never really had an excuse to pay enough attention to either of you" Abby muttered. "Continue." "Children of Hermes, according to the Supreme Leader," Armitage said. "Ah." Abby nodded. "The god of commerce and travel-it really does explain a lot. And his sacred animal, a snake......that's how you-" She pointed at Arian. "Summoned the accursed animal!" "Exactly" Arian congratulated. "That's why Snoke wouldn't let you kill us. Demigods are such powerful allies-they can go wherever they wish, challenge whoever they please. Immortals are bound by ancient laws." "Do not lecture me on the laws of mortals and immortals" Abby said. "I'm sure that I know a bit more about it than you ." "As you see" Armitage announced. "It would not be as simple to kill us as you once thought." "That won't stop me from trying" Abby snarled, and she unsheathed her weapons. She had disposed of her scythe, so instead she drew her sword in one hand and her lightsaber in the other. Arian brought out her lightsaber in a defensive stance. Hux, on the other hand- Holy mother of Titans, he has a sword ?! Abby had been under the impression that Arian would fight her, while Hux was unable to fight due to his role as a General, as opposed to, say, a Force user. Abby should have picked up the hint when they revealed that they were demigods, but it was too late to back down now. She would never be able to stand being labeled a coward. She threw herself at them, blocking simultaneous strikes from both her right and left as the twins lashed out at her in response to her attack. She ducked a strike from Arian and took a step back, using that moment to contemplate which of them she would kill first. While Hux was adept with his weapon, Abby could tell that Arian was the most dangerous of the two. She made a mental note to kill the ginger knight first. The fight lasted for quite a long while. Between two demigods and a Titaness, it was pretty evenly matched. But Abby had the upper hand. She was stronger than them, she had more experience, more drive, more fury with each blow she brought down upon either Armitage or Arian. It might have taken a while, but finally, she had them both pinned on the floor, their weapons destroyed, utterly defeated. "Give me one reason " Abby snarled coldly. "To show you two mercy." Armitage opened his mouth as if to say something, but Abby didn't give him time to speak. She drove her lightsaber into his chest and her sword into Arians. She sheathed her weapons, watching with a terrifying amount of satisfaction as the twins died. Then she left the hangar, making her way towards the bridge. She called a mass meeting of the higher ranking officers, not before summoning a sanitation crew and sending them to the hangar where the Hux twins lay dead. "There's quite a mess down there that I wouldn't want anyone stumbling upon if they want to keep their sanity" Abby informed the sanitation crew. "Keep quiet about it and make it quick. I have a meeting to attend to." She announced the death of the Hux twins. "General Hux and his sister died in a............tragic accident." She also informed the officers at the meeting of the death of Snoke. They all agreed that made her the rightful Supreme Leader, which was good. Abby didn't want any more complications. Perhaps the scavenger girl had been right about how keeping your wish a secret made you certain it would come true. That way no one could purposely prevent it from coming true and, with these new developments, Abby was well on her way to fulfilling it. Chapter 38 : Reunited At Last Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) A single tear traced down Abby's cheek. "Pull yourself together, Abby" she whispered through gritted teeth, wiping the tear away with her gloved hand. "You're the Supreme Leader now. Grow up for the god's sake's!" She leaned back in her throne, closing her eyes. The new throne room in her palace on Coruscant was as light as she could make it. The city planet had been divided up, east for the Resistance and west for the First Order. Then they had gone on to divide the galaxy, making sure neither group got significantly more of anything then the other. It was a long and painstaking task, which had taken weeks on end of negotiating. A new building had been built as the headquarters of the First Order. Abby's throne room was high up in air, with windows that let light stream in. The floor was black marble, but the walls were white. Abby's throne was magnificent, comfortable-all the things everyone told her she needed now that she was practically an empress. She folded her hands in her lap, twisting the small diamond ring on her finger. She was wearing a red gown, black cloak, and black gloves that were cut at the fingers so her fingertips and long nails were visible. Her nails were painted their traditional color of blood, and her face was done up with red lipstick and smoky gray eyeshadow. Her hair was braided down her back. Empress, Supreme Leader, whatever she was, everyone said she had to look presentable. Abby translated this to she had to be dolled up in lipstick in a dress. "Excuse me, my lady?" One of her new guards approached her throne. "Yes," she said. "The Jedi has arrived." "Well," she said. "Let him in!" The doors of her throne room swung open. Ben approached, and her guards stood at either side of her throne. He eyed them, before facing her. There was a moment of silence before she stood. The guards glanced at her, waiting for orders. "Leave us" she ordered. The guards walked out of the room, so it was just her and Ben. She walked off the small dais where her throne was placed, standing a few feet in front of him. Silent again. She was still holding herself how she'd been taught to, told to, made to. She took a deep breath, then a long exhale, letting her shoulders relax. "Ben," she said. "Abby," he said. She gave a small smile, then let everything go. She ran forward, throwing her arms around him and kissing him full on the lips. He put his arms around her, pulling her closer and deepening the kiss. Finally, they broke apart for air. "Oh, Ben," she said. "I've missed you." She could hardly admit how much she had missed him, needed him, since all these events had transpired, so fast. "Don't worry" he said. "I'm back." "What have you been doing" she inquired. Ben shrugged. "Jedi stuff. This new arrangement was very quick, negotiating was only half of it. Taking control of the planets was a whole other thing. What about you?" "Deploying troops to do, pretty much, the same thing" Abby sighed. "And thinking. Lot's of time to think. Way too much time to think." "I know," he said. "I've been thinking the same stuff." Now they were dangerously close to the subject of Raven. It still hurt Abby, and she didn't doubt it hurt Ben too. "Do you really think we need to talk about it" Abby sighed. "I've looked into it, there's no way to reverse what happened." She looked away from him, hoping he didn't get angry at her for those blunt words. "I don't want to reverse it," Ben said. "We can't, even if we wanted to. And Raven wouldn't want us to dwell on it, would she? She'd want us to fix it. Become a proper family." "Sometimes I think you and Raven could both see what my wish was," Abby said. "Your wish" Ben asked. "Remember," Abby said. "My birthday, the first time you kissed me-" Abby had to stop because she had blushed a furious shade of pink. "After that, Rey told me to make a birthday wish. Sometimes I think you and Raven know what it is, even though I never told anyone." "Tell me," Ben said. "I'll bet Raven knew. She picked up everything." "Okay," Abby agreed. "I wished for a proper family. That time when Raven first met you..........I honestly thought it had come true for a minute or two. I know it's ridiculous to believe in wishes or whatever........but I can't help it." Ben didn't look surprised. "I honestly, could never see you wishing for anything else," he said. "You were never the kind of person who goes after power or money. You just want what you think is right." Abby nodded, looking down, her face still flushed. "Can you ever forgive me for what I've done?" she asked. Ben started forward, catching her hand in hers. Abby found herself staring at the hand, the same one she had accidentally severed. It was replaced by wires and machinery. "Yes," Ben said readily. "I can. I'll always forgive you, Abby. I'll always love you." He cupped his hand around her cheek affectionately. Abby looked up at him, both their expressions overflowing with love for each other. Abby stood on her tip-toes, managing to connect their lips once more. She leaned into the kiss, taking control of it for a moment. A warm feeling spread throughout her body. For a second she didn't know what it was. Then she realized. It was the realization that she truly loved someone, and in return, she was truly being loved. Their lips drifted apart again. "I owe you something," Ben said. "What," Abby asked. "I owe you a wedding." Notes: -Author- Short but sweet chapter! I know you'd think they'd be more upset about Raven's death, but they've had, like, a month and a half to cry about it already. They both realized they had to get it together already, and they've accepted her death. Now they're trying to understand it and move on because they both know Raven wouldn't want both her parents breaking down and having their own lives destroyed. So, yeah, that's my excuse for them being happy. They've had nearly two months to mourn and understand and move on. Le skip of le stages of grief brought to you by le lazy author who wants to get to le good part. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) Okay, now, let me tell you a funny life story of me before this authors note gets too long. I walked downstairs and my little sister was watching Disneys The Sword In The Stone. Merlin was onscreen and he went and said (this isn't the exact quote): "Oh, I'm going to cheat. Magic!" And I'm just like: ( ͡o ͜ʖ ͡o) Abby has been here. This is Abby Grace in a nutshell! LMAO!!! And, I've seen that movie, like, a million times, how have I not noticed this before? Okay, now this note is getting a little long, see you all in the next chapter! XOX, AbbyGrace31415 Chapter 39 : Hope Is Not Lost Summary: TIME FOR A PLOT TWWWWIST!! ALSO, TIME FOR A TEA PARTTTTTTTTY! And a huge shoutout to BlueButterfly96 (on wattpad.com), because the Kylo Grace fluff oneshot in their book Matt, Kylo Ren, And Ben Solo Smut And Fluff Imagines has posted! When I first read it I was like OMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMG *insert endless fangirling and tears of joy*, because the oneshot was amazing! I loved it and you guys should totally check it out! Thank you BlueButterfly96! Okay, on to the actual chapter, but thank you so much BlueButterfly96! And, for anyone wondering, the smut oneshot will be posted on Sunday!( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) Now, let's get on to the fanfic, this is an important part (and a good part, if I do say so myself). Sleep refused to find her. Nervousness decided to take control instead. At twelve o'clock p.m., of all the ungodly hours! Abby sighed, getting up and walking into the main room of her house. Ben was still asleep in the bed that they shared, and she tried not to wake him. At least, in his presence, she had learned to get over the grief that haunted to her. She was finally happy again! With their wedding tomorrow evening, she could not have been happier. But................................ The name hung over her like a cloud. Raven . Gods of Olympus, Abby missed her daughter. True, she had accepted Raven's death and understood it, but she still wished her daughter hadn't fallen to such a terrible fate. If she closed her eyes she could almost hear Raven's voice. "Momma!" "Raven" Abby whispered. "I'm sorry." "Momma, let me in!" "I can't" Abby continued. "I've got to move on. But don't forget that I love you." "What are you talking about? Let me in!" Abby's eyes snapped open. She was actually hearing Raven's voice. She jumped to her feet and ran to the door of her home, flinging it open. Standing on the doorstep was Raven, whole, solid, and most importantly alive . Abby's jaw dropped. "Momma" Raven squealed, jumping up and throwing her arms around Abby's waist, which was as high as she could reach from where she stood. "I'm not dead!" "Raven" Abby whispered, too shocked to say anything else. She reached out tentatively, touching her daughter's hand as if to make sure the girl was real. Raven was warm. Her skin was a healthy color. She had a pulse, and she was breathing normally. "Not......possible" Abby objected. "You were dead! I must be dreaming." Abby pushed Raven's arms off her and turned around, walking back into the house. "Momma?" Raven sounded sad and worried. She trotted after Abby into the house. "Momma, are you okay?" "I'm just having a dream, I'll wake up in a moment," Abby said, brushing off what she thought was a hallucination of Raven and walking back towards her bedroom. Ben was still asleep. Raven darted forward, catching her mother's arm. "Momma, I don't think you're okay," she said. "I'm real. I'm alive." "But...." Abby muttered. "B-But....." "Do you not want me to be alive?" Raven said, her lower lip quivering. "Do you think you could replace me?" "No sweetie," Abby said. "No. I love you and I miss you. Nothing and nobody could ever replace you. But you simply can't be alive. This is probably just a dream. It's sweet of you to try and appear as a ghost-" "I'm not a ghost" Raven shouted. "I'm real! Why can't you believe that?!" Abby said nothing. Raven stared at her, fierce and defiant. "Well," Abby sighed. "I suppose I think that you being alive is too good to be true." "Just let me tell you what happened" Raven begged. "And if you don't believe me, I'm sure daddy will." Abby knelt down in front of her daughter, happiness and grief fighting for the right to make her cry. She put her arms around Raven, pulling the girl close. Dream, ghost, or real, Abby wanted to savor these precious moments she had with her child. "Okay," she agreed. "Tell me." Raven launched into the story. "I got into this place and the guy on the boat said I couldn't go across because I didn't have a coin, so I started looking along the banks of this big river for a place to get across. I don't know how long I was down there, but I never found a way across. The water looked like ink, and whenever I wanted to touch it I got the feeling something bad would happen. So I didn't touch it, making swimming across impossible. Then, after a really long time, this guy with wings on his shoes and a stick with two snakes wrapped around it found me. He asked me what I was doing there. I said I was lost, but I also thought I was dead. He told me I wasn't supposed to be dead and he was going to take me back to the world of the living. I asked who he was and he said he was the god Hermes, like from your mythology books." "Raven" Abby scolded. "You weren't supposed to read those!" "Sorry momma" Raven apologized. "I got bored when you were at a meeting and decided to just open one. I sort of read the whole book-but by accident!" Abby laughed. "It's alright," she said. "I'm not mad that you tried to educate yourself about Greek mythology. But tell me what happened next." "So Hermes took me to this big mountaintop, and there were all these people there" Raven continued. "Right away this lady came up to me and told me she was Rhea, queen of the Titans. But she also said she was my grandmother and that she was going to take care of me for a little while. So I went with her and she gave me some food and a bath and new clothes. Then Rhea said I was going to stay with her for the night, before filling me in on what had happened since I died. She said that the First Order and the Resistance made peace and that you are the new Supreme Leader. She also told me that you and daddy are getting married!" Raven squealed with excitement. "We are," Abby said happily. "Tomorrow evening, in fact." Raven bounced up and down on her heels with excitement. "We get to be a family," she said. "Yes, we do" Abby agreed. "Now, finish the story." "Okay," Raven said, calming down enough to continue. "The next morning Rhea showed me around the mountain, which was actually Mount Olympus. She introduced me to my aunts and uncles. Zeus didn't seem to like me much, but all the rest did. But once Rhea told him I wasn't staying he seemed much happier. And he asked me to tell you he was sorry." Abby's eyebrows practically disappeared into her hairline. "Did he now" she whispered. "I suppose my dear brother has finally learned something." "And he said that you weren't going to get into any trouble for all of the First Order stuff" Raven continued. "He said that killing Kronos was enough of a redemption." Abby sighed. "That's good to hear," she said. "But it doesn't matter so much when you think about how glad I am that you're okay!" "I am too" Raven agreed, making Abby laugh. "For the first few days at the underground river, I cried a little. I wanted to see you and daddy again. But I remembered that the way to Hades's palace is across the River Styx, so I decided to try and get there. I wanted to ask Hades if I could go back and to say goodbye to you and daddy. But I didn't need too! Anyway, barely half an hour ago Rhea told me it was time to go. So I said goodbye to everyone and she brought me here. I asked her if she could stay, since she already told me that she was your mother, but she said you didn't need to see her." "Really" Abby sighed. "And why did she say that?" "Because you didn't need guidance anymore" Raven informed Abby. Abby blinked. Then she smiled. "I suppose Rhea was right" she agreed. "You and Ben are all I need." "Where is daddy anyway" Raven inquired. "I want to see him." "He's asleep," Abby said. "I'm just awake because I'm nervous." "About what?" "Like I told you, Ben and I are getting married tomorrow," Abby said. "I guess you would be" Raven agreed. "Would he mind if I woke him up?" Abby let out a laugh so loud she probably did wake Ben up, but it was a good laugh-a happy laugh. It was more natural and light than any she'd ever given. "No, I doubt he would," Abby said. "He misses you just as much as I do. Come with me. We'll both go see him." She stood up and held out her hand to Raven, who took it and followed Abby into Abby and Ben's room. Ben was still asleep, somehow, but the minute Abby let go of Raven's hand the little girl had run across the room, jumped onto the bed, and crawled up next to him. "Daddy, daddy, wake up," she said. Ben blinked and sat up. "Abby, what the-" he began, but stopped talking at the sight of Raven. He froze, glancing between Abby and Raven, looking very confused. "Abby," he said. "How?" "I'm okay" Raven squealed, throwing her arms around Ben's bare chest. "I was dead but I'm alive now and everything is okay!" Ben stared at her for a moment before breaking into laughter. "And how did this happen," he asked Abby breathlessly. "The gods" Abby said, also laughing. "They seemed to decide she deserved to come back and brought her right to our front door!" She walked forward, joining the hug. Ben put one arm around her and one arm around Raven, pulling both of his beautiful girls closer to him. "I'm never letting either of you go again," he said. For the rest of the night, they were sitting up with Raven. She explained her return to Ben and, after that, they simply lay with each other, Raven snuggled under the covers between Abby and Ben, just enjoying the fact that they were all alive, safe, and together as a family for what felt like the first time. Chapter 40 : A Final Note I'm afraid that this story has to end. And I've decided that it will end here, because the last chapter wrapped things up enough, but also left exactly what happens next rather open-ended. I'm sorry to any of you guys who wanted to see this story continue, but you've gotta give me a break, this is only eight chapters less than When Worlds Collide ! Hope you enjoyed this story! If you did, don't forget to vote, comment, and maybe even recommend it to somebody else! Thanks for reading! XOX, AbbyGrace31415 P.S. I just couldn't leave it with the smol little cinnamon roll dead. +Cat waving goodbye XD! Abby Grace out. Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 3 of the The Original Kylo Grace series