do just as we say Summary: FN-2187 meets Poe. One of the first things FN-2187 remembered learning was the importance of his armor. “It keeps you safe,” they would say. The superior officers probably meant that in a very literal, your-armor-physically-shields-you way. FN-2187 saw it a bit differently. “It keeps you safe.” FN-2187’s armor kept him safe because it kept him anonymous. Another white helmet in a sea of marching bodies. And the bigger the group of bodies, the safer he was. Then FN-2003 was hit; Slip, they called him. (They all had nicknames, all except FN-2187 because to him, nicknames were dangerous, to him, nicknames singled you out.) Then FN-2003 was hit and all FN-2187 could think was, NO and he fell to his knees by his dying comrade’s side feeling like his insides were being slashed. Stormtroopers were designed to be disposable. Stormtroopers were designed to be interchangeable. Stormtroopers were designed to be nameless, faceless, anonymous seas of marching white bodies. But when FN-2187 clutched at Slip’s armor and felt the life leaving the body inside it, he felt like he was losing something important . It was wrong. He knew it was wrong. Stormtroopers were not supposed to rush to the sides of other dying Stormtroopers. He knew that. But knowing that hadn’t seemed to make a difference when it happened. Knowing hadn’t prevented the feelings of no no stop please no that swelled up inside him and made him feel like he was going to throw up. And then Slip had raised a shaking glove and marked FN-2187’s helmet. Marked him . And everything changed. When the order to fire on the village was given, FN-2187 raised his blaster. He raised his blaster and he aimed and he put his finger on the trigger and he tensed the muscle— Stormtroopers were designed to kill and be killed. FN-2003 had done half of that, now FN-2187 had to do the other half. It was in his training. It was in his programming. It was not in him . For some reason, he couldn’t do it. He couldn’t tense that finger muscle just a tiny bit more. He couldn’t kill these frightened faces in front of him. Couldn’t or wouldn’t? FN-2187 wasn’t sure. All he was sure about was that something had changed. He was different. He was marked . He was no longer just an anonymous body in a sea of white. And he wasn’t the only one who’d noticed. He’d felt a terrible tugging in his gut and turned around to come face to face with none other than Kylo Ren , staring at him. Staring at him . Kylo Ren was noticing him . How much had he seen? How much did he know? Did he know he hadn’t fired? Did he know that FN-2187 had changed? He must have. FN-2187 looked different, felt different. He was marked , no longer just another white helmet. He was no longer anonymous. And he had to get out. But first, but first, he had to take off this fucking helmet. Apparently, the man they’d captured, the man they’d killed and been killed for was a pilot. Convenient, huh? FN-2187 knew he couldn’t stay, not anymore. Slip’s final act had done something to him, and there was no going back now. It was almost too easy too get the prisoner. For a moment, FN-2187 had been almost offended by the lack of security. But then, the First Order didn’t need security against other Stormtroopers. Stormtroopers were their minions, their pawns, and they could always count on Stormtroopers to follow orders and do what they were supposed to do. There was no reason for a Stormtrooper to suspect another Stormtrooper. They were all interchangeable, after all. The harder part was the pilot. He had to talk to the pilot, to convince him to help him, to get him to fly him out of there. He’d tried to convey what he needed, but the pilot was just staring at him in disbelief and confusion. Like he had no idea what was going on. Frustrated, FN-2187 had pulled off his helmet. (His new helmet because his old was marked now, no longer anonymous, no longer interchangeable, no longer useful. Like him.) For half a second, FN-2187 had felt shocked at his own action. He saw mirrored shock in the pilot’s face and wondered, was this a good idea? Helping some random First Order prisoner escape and hoping he was grateful enough to take FN-2187 with him? Well, too late now. He tried again, tried telling the pilot that this was a rescue and the pilot had finally understood. He said something about some kind of resistance which FN-2187 hadn’t understood and then had asked him why. Why was he helping him? FN-2187 stared at him. Why. The question he’d been trying to force from his mind. Why had Slip marked him? Why hadn’t he fired on the villagers? Why had he changed? Why was he different? “It’s the right thing to do.” The words had shocked FN-2187. The “right thing to do?” FN-2187 had no fucking clue what the “right thing to do” was. He just wanted to run run run as far as he could. And he needed a pilot to get him off of this ship. The man seemed to see right through him. “You need a pilot.” FN-2187 wanted to hug the man. Which made his insides twist all over again. “I need a pilot,” he breathed in agreement and relief. Then they were doing it, they were doing it , they were stealing a TIE fighter, they were escaping, they were running away into the black, they were being shot at holy shit . The pilot yelled some stuff at FN-2187 about shooting back and he tried it and hey, look at that, turns out shooting nameless, faceless Stormtroopers was a lot easier than shooting frightened villagers. Maybe the armor didn’t really protect you. Maybe it made you a target, a less-than-living creature, interchangeable, disposable. Maybe being anonymous was a bad thing. But FN-2187 didn’t have time to think on that because escaping was happening and he had cannons to shoot and shoot them he did . FN-2187 felt exhilarated. Then the pilot asks for his name. “FN-2187,” he answers automatically. “FN— what?” The pilot is shocked. Appalled? FN-2187 isn’t sure which. He feels like he has to justify his… name. Is it even a name? It must be. It’s all they ever gave him. He tells the pilot as much. “Well, I ain’t using it.” The pilot’s voice has an air of finality. “FN, huh?” He seems to think for a moment. “Finn.” The pilot says the word like he’s testing it out. “I’m gonna call you Finn. That all right?” For half a moment, FN-2187 wants to protest because nicknames are bad nicknames are dangerous nicknames single you out . But then, no one had ever given him a name before. A real name. And anyway, it’s a little too late to be worried about being anonymous. He’d stolen a TIE Fighter, he’d helped a prisoner escape, he’d shot other Stormtroopers. There really isn’t any turning back at this point. As he reaches that conclusion, his face breaks into a wide smile. Finn . “Finn.” He says it out loud. “Yeah. Finn.” He says it again because he can . “I like that.” He grins excitedly. “I like that!” “I’m Poe,” the pilot shouts to him, “Poe Dameron.” FN-2187, no, Finn can’t stop smiling. “Good to meet you, Poe!” “Good to meet you too, Finn!” It’s like they’re introducing themselves to each other for the first time like how people would and FN-218- no, Finn is deliriously happy. Then a cannon fires on them. Right. Escaping. That’s happening. Poe coaches him through blasting the missiles sent their way, praising him as he hits them. Yeah. That’s right. Praising him. Like he had done something worthy of recognition. Before now, recognition had terrified FN- no it’s Finn his name is Finn , because recognition took you out of the safety of anonymity, but the way Poe seems to crow with approval makes the twisty feelings in his gut feel light and warm and… good . FN- Finn kind of wants to laugh and cry at the same time and it’s possible that he’s already doing both of those things but then he realizes that Poe is not flying straight into the blackness of space by now. “Where are you going?” He feels weird asking the question, but he’s probably allowed to ask where they’re going right? After all, he helped them escape. “We’re going back to Jakku.” What. FN— FinnFinnFinnhisnameisFinn protests but apparently there is some droid (“BB unit, orange and white, one of a kind”) and Poe has to go back for it because it has a map to Luke Skywalker which is utterly ridiculous because Luke Skywalker is a myth and FN- Finn opens his mouth to tell Poe this when they’re hit and then they’re tumbling down to Jakku and F- Finn is terrified because he’s gonna die and angry because he’s gonna die and he hadn’t even gotten used to his name yet and then there’s a whooshing, tugging feeling and then blackness … Chapter 2 : bodies fill the fields i see Summary: Finn wakes up after the crash. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) When FN-2187 wakes up he immediately knows something is very wrong . For a moment he just feels delirious and achey and oddly warm and wait a second why isn’t he wearing his helmet? And then the whole thing comes crashing back to him and holy shit did all of that really happen? He’d betrayed the First Order. He’d helped a prisoner escape, he’d escaped with him . He’d… he’d been given a name. Finn . Wait. Speaking of Poe… FN- Finn stands up and looks around but all he can see is desert and well, isn’t that just great? Because that means he’s back on Jakku and the First Order probably tracked his exact trajectory and he needs to get out of here as soon as possible . But where is Poe? He squints at the air around him, trying to see if he can discern anything in the stifling heat, and then oh shit there’s a pillar of smoke over the sand in the distance there. Where the TIE Fighter must have crashed. Poe must be nearby. Realistically, he knows he should probably be heading in the exact opposite direction of the TIE Fighter because, hey, remember how the First Order has probably tracked his exact trajectory? But he needs to find Poe. He needs to find the man who saved him, who got him out, who named him. So he heads towards it. It takes forever and a half, but eventually he gets there. But when he does, all he can see is the broken Fighter and smoke and pieces of metal and hey look there’s Poe’s jacket but where the hell is Poe? And then the ground shakes and shudders and the sand starts to sink under the TIE Fighter and all FN- Finn can think is not again . He screams Poe’s name because he is not going through this again, not with the man who he saved, who saved him. He screams and he screams but the sand swallows the Fighter down into the earth and Poe is gone . Fuck . FN- Finn takes in a deep shuddering breath. Poe is gone. Poe is gone . Just like Slip. Poe, the first real person he had met, gone. Forever. He wants to call out again, to scream, to cry, to sink down into the sand and never come up again, but he knows it’s no use. He has to move. He looks down at himself. He’s covered in sand, still wearing his armor. His fingers are clutching Poe’s jacket so tightly, he can feel his pulse in his knuckles. For a moment, his vision swims as he stares at the jacket. No use , he reminds himself. He has to move, and he has to move now . Gritting his teeth, he turns away from… from the crash site and starts to walk. He walks for what feels like days, though for all he knows, it’s only an hour. The sun seems to stay stubbornly at its peak, sending waves of heat pounding through the air, surging through him with each heavy step, each dry breath. As he walks, he thinks. He thinks about the First Order, about how he’d betrayed them. He thinks about Slip and Poe, about how much it hurt , losing them. Is this what it’s like? Is this what being an individual person is like? Feeling like your insides are being slashed with every breath, feeling so hopelessly, helplessly alone? He can’t think of a time when he’d ever been alone before. Stormtroopers have no reason to be alone. Certainly not FN-2187. Being alone is too dangerous. It’s always safer to stay in the crowd. Be another anonymous white helmet in a sea of white helmets… But that hadn’t mattered on Jakku. It hadn’t mattered when Slip was shot down. Slip’s armor hadn’t protected him from that blaster shot, that blaster shot that had… that had… holy shit . Holy fucking shit. The blaster shot that had come from where the X-Wing was hidden, the same place Poe had come running from when Kylo Ren killed the old man. It had been Poe. Poe had shot Slip. Poe had shot Slip who had marked FN-2187 who had changed who had rescued Poe who had named FN-2187 Finn . For a moment he feels sick, feels so so sick because he’d rescued Slip’s killer . Poe Dameron had shot Slip and killed him. Hell, if he was an enemy of the First Order, who knows how many Stormtroopers he’d killed. He could have killed FN-2187 that night. He wouldn’t have known the difference, would have just seen all the white armor and fired unthinkingly into the midst. Into the anonymous sea of white helmets… He feels like he can’t think. He can’t wrap his head around what feels like this massive thing that he’s just barely teetering over. He squeezes his eyes shut and he concentrates . Poe had shot into the mass of Stormtroopers because all he’d seen was the armor, the helmets, the blasters firing right at him. But the armor is supposed to protect the Stormtroopers, it keeps them safe, it keeps them anonymous. But, maybe it makes them too anonymous? Maybe it makes them so anonymous, they’re easier to shoot. Which means… the armor doesn’t protect them? It… it makes them targets. It makes them interchangeable, disposable, anonymous, easy to gun down targets. Poe had only killed Slip because he hadn’t known it was Slip . He’d just seen the armor, thought Stormtrooper , and fired. The armor doesn’t protect them . It never did. FN-2187 opens his eyes and looks down at himself again and sees the armor, sees the armor that doesn’t protect them , that turns them into targets , and suddenly feels angry . He yanks off a piece and throws it into the sand. So there . He does it again. And again. And again. And again until he’s taking the whole damned thing off because fuck this . Soon he’s just in the thin black shirt and pants he wears under the armor and thank fuck that feels so much better. His armor is gone . Gone forever. Like Slip. Like Poe. FN-2187 looks at Poe’s jacket, still in his hands. It hadn’t been Poe’s fault. Not really. And it doesn’t matter anyway; he’s dead. FN-2187 rolls back his shoulders, hearing little pops run through his spine. He looks at the vast stretch of sand in front of him. Slip’s dead. Poe’s dead. FN-2187 will be dead too if he doesn’t keep moving. Feeling resolved, he holds Poe’s jacket over his head to block the sun and keeps walking. Notes: I wonder what the ratio of swears to italics is in this chapter... Chapter 3 : live off lying Summary: Finn finally comes to an outpost. Notes: Sorry it took so long to update! Classes started and I couldn't figure out how to start the chapter... (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) The next bit goes like this: He’s hot. He’s tired. He’s been walking for who knows how many hours. He finally comes to an outpost. He drinks some long needed water. He sees some girl getting beat up. Which. Before he realizes what he’s doing, he’s running towards her, but it quickly becomes very clear she doesn’t need his help. She’s bending down to get the net off her droid, her orange and white droid now wait just a minute when suddenly she’s running after him with a very determined, very frightening look on her face. So he runs. He runs until she comes out of nowhere and wipes his feet from under him and calls him a thief and the droid starts shocking him holy shit and he really has no idea what’s going on here. Then she says, “The jacket! This droid says you stole it.” And oh. Oh. “Where’d you get it? It belongs to his master.” “It belonged to Poe Dameron,” he sighs, “He was captured by the First Order. I… helped him escape, but our ship crashed.” He swallows. It hurts talking about it. “Poe didn’t make it.” “So you’re with the resistance?” The girl looks impressed. He’s never seen anyone look at him like that. Impressed . He babbles an affirmative, because he can only imagine what she’d look at him like if he told her the truth , and her eyes light up. Suddenly, he realizes he has seen someone look at him like that. But he quickly shuts that thought down because that hurts too . Then they see the Stormtroopers, and all he can think is run . He grabs at the girl because he’s not losing another no way and they sprint from Troopers and explosions, running and dodging and hiding, and she yanks her hand away, which, fine, okay, that’s fine, but then they’re running again and he does it again without thinking. Then there’s a huge blast and they’re knocked apart. He must have lost some time after the blast because he opens his eyes and she’s leaning over him, looking extremely concerned, which gives him an odd rush of something. Something nice. But he doesn’t dwell on it. “Are you okay?” She gives him a look, and for a moment he thinks, maybe she felt the strange thing too. But then she’s pulling him up and their off again, towards a quad-jumper, then when that’s blown up some kind of round looking ship the girl had called “garbage.” And then they’re off. She’s flying while he shoots, and it feels a hell of a lot familiar. But this time… this time he’s going to do it right. “Stay low!” he shouts to her, “It confuses their tracking!” “I’m going low!” she shouts back, “What are you doing back there?” “I’m working on it! Are the shields up?” “Not so easy without a co-pilot!” “Try sitting in this thing!” They’re clearly struggling, and he can feel it, he can feel it heading towards what happened last time and just no . “We need cover, quick!” “We’re about to get some!” Okay. Okay, that’s good. Just focus on shooting them down. Come on… come on… focus … “Nice shot!” For a moment he’s back in the TIE Fighter and he feels that shock of fear that accompanies the praise, the recognition, the feeling of being singled out and he wants to scream. It’s happening again . No. He’s just gotta keep a cool head, keep focus, keep shooting those bastards down, keep— wham! He’s stuck. He can’t move the cannon. He tells the girl this, and all he hears is, “Get ready!” “Okay!” he shouts, “For what?” Then they’re hurtling into the debris of an old, massive ship, weaving in and out, trying to lose the remaining fighters, curving hard and fast. Then the ship is flipped over, and he’s got the shot . He takes it. There’s a huge boom as the ship above them explodes, and then, they’re off. They’d done it. They’d done it. He feels elated, relieved, and kind of like he’s about to throw-up all at the same time so he rushes out into the corridor, straight into the girl. For a moment they just babble excited compliments to each other, both clearly still full of adrenaline and something else that makes his heart soar: victory. Then, “I don’t know your name.” Shit . Name. His name. Resistance fighters have names. Like, actual names not letters and numbers strung together oh shit . But then… he has a name, doesn’t he? He was given one. “Finn,” he says. For a moment, he’s just relieved the right word came out. Then he realizes she’s probably waiting for him to ask hers. “What’s yours?” “I’m Rey.” She smiles at him. He smiles back. They’d just exchanged names like normal, regular people and everything was going to be fine. He… he could be Finn. He could do that. Finn the resistance fighter. Not long ago, he was a Stormtrooper. A soldier. A nameless, faceless, empty suit of armor that belonged to the First Order. Now he’s wearing a jacket he stole, a name he took, a cause he borrowed, a face he’d hardly ever used before, and he’s never felt more… himself. Slip’s dead. Poe’s dead. And… so is FN-2187. He’s Finn, now. Finn . A good name given to him by a good man. And he’d better start living up to it. First step? No more lying. “Rey…” he starts, but then there’s a loud noise and steam is coming out of the floor. “Help me with this!” Rey cries. She digs around in the grating, talking about wrenches and motivators, and F- Finn finds himself trying to reason with a droid he can’t understand to tell Rey the location of the base. The truth will just have to wait. Notes: I wish I could definitely say when the next chapter is gonna be up but... yeah... but I promise I will finish this fic. Eventually. Yep. But thanks so much for reading so far! More to come! Chapter 4 : running blind through killing fields Summary: Finn stops lying. Rey is taken. Notes: Well, this was a fast update, I guess? (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Finn finally tells Rey the truth on Takodana in a desperate plea to get her to leave with him. He tried, alright? He tried . He tried being a resistance fighter, a good man , but he knows it can’t last. He wasn’t made for that. He wasn’t made for heroics and adventures and Rey and BB-8 and Han Solo and Chewie. He was made to serve . To listen. To follow orders. To march to his death in a straight line. He tells Rey, or, tries to tell Rey, but he sees that she’s different. She can go off, be the hero, fight the First Order. And she will. But Finn? Finn can only run. So he does. He turns around, walks out, tries not to look back. He doesn’t make it far. Finn’s helping his ride to the outer rim load their cargo when the sky explodes into balls of fire and all he can think is, Rey and the next thing he can think is, Starkiller Base , and he knows he’s gotta get back there. Because if Starkiller Base just fired, and that must be what just happened, it must be, then there’s no where he can run. There’s no where far enough he can hide. And he may have just met these people, but he has to tell them, they have to know . He rushes back to Maz’s place and sees Han Solo staring at the sky with a look of utter dread on his face. For a moment he hesitates. Because now they know. Now they’ll look at him like that. Like he’s… like he’s a Stormtrooper. Which he is. Was . Was. He is no longer a Stormtrooper; he is Finn . A… well, maybe not a good man. But a man who can help. He grits his teeth and continues pushing through the crowd to get to them, because they need to know, he has to tell them, they need to know what just happened. Because maybe they can stop it. Then he notices Rey’s not there. “Where’s Rey?” he asks, and Maz gives him that look again, that scrutinizing look she gave him across the table, and next thing he knows, Luke Skywalker’s lightsaber is in his hands. Hands that once held blasters given to him by the First Order are now holding Luke Skywalker’s lightsaber . He doesn’t have time to dwell on it, however, because the ceiling above them shakes and then Han, Maz, and Chewie are running out of there, Finn hot on their heels. There is debris everywhere. Smoke. Shouting. All kinds of creatures running, some towards, some away. Maz turns to Finn. “Rey and BB-8,” she shouts, “They need you!” And Finn knows it’s true. They need him. He’s needed . And he’s not going to let him down. Only, “I need a weapon!” She grips his wrist. “You have one!” He looks at the lightsaber. Oh. Okay. Luke Skywalker’s lightsaber. He, Finn, former Stormtrooper, is going to use the lightsaber that once belonged to the greatest Jedi of all time . Okay. That’s… that’s cool. That’s fine. He can do this. He turns it on. A bright, nearly blinding blue light bursts out from it. He can feel the power radiating off the saber, and it makes him feel strong. Brave. He rolls his shoulders back. He can do this. He's not going to let them down. He runs, holding the lightsaber like a sword, swinging it with complete abandon as Stormtroopers fire around him. He hits one, another, another, and keeps going. Then someone shouts to him. “Traitor!” Finn freezes. Slowly, he turns and comes face to face with a Stormtrooper who, Finn would imagine, is glaring at him like he would set him aflame if he could. Because it’s true . He is a traitor. The Stormtrooper, now that he has Finn’s attention, readies his mace which, Finn has to admit, is rather impressive. Not as impressive as this , he thinks, and runs at him, lightsaber held high. Yeah, he’s a traitor. But right now? He’s a traitor with a fucking lightsaber , and he’s sure as hell gonna use it. The two men fight, blows after blows, nothing hitting its target until wham Finn is thrown to the side, lightsaber knocked from his hand. The trooper stands over him, and Finn thinks, this is it . Then suddenly the trooper falls. Finn looks around, eyes wide when he sees Han Solo running over, his own weapon drawn, Chewie right behind him. Han had shot the trooper. Han had saved his life . Shocked, he can only stare as Han reaches out a hand to help him up. “You okay?” Han asks, and Finn is just. Shocked . Han… Han had saved his life. He didn’t even think Han liked him, and yet… “Thanks,” Finn gets out, standing up and picking up the lightsaber. Then, “Don’t move!” The two look around and realize they’re surrounded. Heart thudding painfully, Finn drops the lightsaber. Watches as a white gloved hand reaches for it. For a moment he wants to kick it. No, you can’t have it. You don’t deserve it . They’re marched back to a transport when the Stormtroopers start shouting and panicking, and Finn looks over and sees… well, he’s not sure what he’s seeing. “It’s the Resistance,” Han mutters, and oh. They’re saved. The X-Wings swoop around them, firing into clusters of Stormtroopers who desperately try to fall back. Han, Chewie, and Finn snatch their weapons back and rejoin the fray. Finn watches one of the X-Wings soar through fallen stone, turning sharp then coming back around for more. He grins. Rey would have loved to see that. “That’s one hell of a pilot!” He shouts, feeling adrenaline and victory thumping through his veins. They’ve got this. The Resistance showing up had really turned the tide of the fight, and just as Finn thinks it’s safe to start celebrating, he sees her. He sees Rey. Only… only she’s unconscious, being carried onto a First Order transport ship by none other than Kylo Ren and he feels like he’s going to throw up. “Rey!” Anger, fear, and more anger tears through him as he shouts her name, shouts again and again, sprinting after the ship even as it pulls away and swerves into the distance. “Rey, Rey! No, no, no, no, Rey!” Fuck. Fuck . No. No, no, no, this was not happening, this was not happening . He had to do something. He had to tell someone. He had to go after them. He had to… he had to… He runs to where he saw Han and Chewie. “They took her!” he all but shouts, “He took her! She’s gone!” But Han waves him off. Finn wants to scream, wants to shake the man, because the First Order has Rey Kylo Ren has Rey only then there’s some lady walking out of one of the ships and Han looks like he’s about to throw up. Or run away. Finn watches as the two greet each other, and even he can see the amount of tension between them, then he and BB-8 are ushered into one of the ships (wait, where did BB-8 come from?) and they leave, heading for who knows where. The whole way over, Finn feels like his heart is never going slow down, feels like his stomach is never going to be reattached to his body. Rey’s gone. Rey’s gone. They took her. They took her away, and who knows what they were doing to her. Why had they even taken her in the first place? It didn’t matter. All that mattered was he needed to get her back. He wasn’t going to let anyone else die. They land on a planet called D’Qar and rushes out even though he has no idea what he’s supposed to do or where he’s supposed to go. He doesn’t belong here. He just needs to get Rey back. He sees the X-Wings from before landing, watches the one he’d noticed earlier. The pilot jumps out of the ship, and Finn squints because something almost seems familiar about him. Then suddenly BB-8 whirls past him, almost knocking him over, heading right towards the pilot who is taking off his helmet and. And. It’s, It’s Poe. Notes: Uh, so I guess it's not going to be until the end of the next chapter when we'll finally see some plot that isn't from the movie... in the mean time, thanks for sticking with this! Notes: Title and chapter titles come from the Metalica song Disposable Hero which is 300% Finn.