He’s not going back to the forest. Ben isn’t real. He’s been working too much, sleeping too little. He’s already poured out all his booze. Watched half a bottle of bourbon swirl and chug noisily down the drain. He’s not going back to the forest. The first time Hux doesn‘t really see him at all. He’s walking along the trail, blessedly alone in the near twilight of a weekday when he sees a tall, dark figure moving alongside him out of the corner of his eye. He startles, snaps his head to where the figure should be. Only trees. Only forest. He would’ve heard or seen another hiker long before they would’ve gotten that close. He’s alone - of course. It isn’t until he’s driving back home that a cold flush tightens his stomach as it hits him: what if it was an animal? Some slinking predator in the shadows? He bites his lip as he switches lanes - traffic is strangely congested at this hour. No, the largest thing in the preserve should be deer. There aren’t any bears, no wolves in the state anymore -- just deer, coyotes, etc. Nothing so large as to be an actual threat. Idiot, he thinks to himself, pulling into the parking lot of his apartment complex. He grits his teeth, runs a hand through orange hair gritted by gel. How embarrassing, you’re afraid of nothing . He slams his car door harder than he needs to. Stomping up the stairs to the second floor he tries to remember which frozen dinners he has left. The second time Hux is sure there‘s something there. A bright and cool Sunday morning, and he’s there a little after dawn. He allows himself to walk leisurely, almost lazily along the damp trail. His car was the only one in the parking lot when he left it. He has probably an hour before more people show up. He can take his time. He has time. It’s why he’s slouched against the railings on a wooden bridge watching a deer about 50 feet away drink from the stream. A pretty, fat, brown thing. He wonders where the rest of her group is. He watches her for a few minutes before he realizes standing still is causing him to shiver. He straightens his back out, rolling his shoulders where they’ve begun to stiffen. He stretches his arms above his head, relishing in the pleasure-pain pull of his muscles when he sees it -- a dark shadow at the corner of his eye. He drops his arms and twists around - the bridge is empty. His stomach drops. A loud, slow creak of the walkway behind chokes him. He snaps his head again - nothing there. He’s sweating instantly, grips his hands into fists ready to fight. Fight what? A phantom deer? An old, rickety bridge that should’ve been torn down decades ago? He stands still, takes deep breaths to calm his hammering heart. The preserve is almost cacophonous with birds and insects chirpingsingingscreaming. He’s alone. He’s safe. He stands on the bridge for a few more minutes. There are no more creaks, no more dark shadows. He forces himself to walk slowly up the trail. If he walks briskly on the way back it’s because he wants to avoid running into people. It would spoil his morning. By the time he reaches his car, still sitting lonely in the parking lot, he’s practically jogging. He fumbles with his keys, sweat pouring down his back and making his fingers slippery. He slams the door shut behind him and locks the door. He wants to start the car. He wants to sink into his seat until he disappears. The few tries it takes him to get the keys into the ignition are grueling; metal scraping dusty plastic impossibly loud in the stuffy car. He gets a speeding ticket on his way home; his first at 31 years old. Later as he’s taking a shower he tells himself it’s because he’s stressed. Ever since they fired Mark and decided to not fill his position Hux has been doing what feels like twice the work. Mark’s accounts should’ve been spread evenly throughout the team; instead, he was given what seems like half of Mark’s shit on top of his already heavy work load. He’s drinking more coffee and working later and sleeping less. He presses a thumb to a bony hipbone, wondering if he’s lost weight. He turns his face to the hot spray of the water and thinks about how he’d like to just drown in it. The following Friday he leaves work early. Meaning, he goes in at 7, works through lunch and leaves at 5. He grips his coffee thermos tight as he silently dares anyone to comment on his leaving. Nobody does, most have already left or leaving too. Even though it’s a cool spring day, his shirt is sticking to the small of his back by the time he reaches his tan sedan in the parking garage. He should feel happy, relaxed or relieved that it’s the weekend. All he feels are tethers that tighten with every step from the building. He’s never going to be free. The weekend is an illusion. Getting up and going to the preserve the next morning is more routine, more compulsion than desire. He puts on his faded jeans, his t-shirt, fleece, old tennis shoes and a baseball cap he would never be caught dead in anywhere but there. He doesn’t even turn on the light; the early morning sun making his small, beige bedroom manageable. He wouldn’t need light at all anyways, how many times has he done this? He eats buttered toast over the kitchen counter, gulps down too hot coffee, and tries not to think as he shuts his apartment door behind him. He never hiked as a kid - he never even hiked before he moved to the city. Most of their “family vacations” were week long trips to visit his mother’s parents. His grandmother died when he was 9, and after that they moved his grandfather to a retirement facility. He memories are hazy but there are pieces that stand out, sharp and jagged from the rest. A rambling, big plantation house in North Carolina. The heat in the daytime, the buzzing cicadas at dusk. His brother, only two years older but always so much bigger, telling him he had to hide first for hide and seek. Hux perching uncomfortably in a sticky apple tree for what felt like hours before he hopping down, finding his brother swinging on a tire swing, - not looking for him. His hike that Saturday morning is uneventful. He comes across multiple people, gives them a tight smile, and carries on. The first time he meets him is a Wednesday. Springtime is waning and it stays light longer, but the day had been cloudy and it’s too dark to be hiking anymore and Hux still has a mile back. He doesn’t have a flashlight, but it’s still light enough to see. The trees are muted and gray but the birds and bugs make so much noise he doesn’t feel afraid. He’s not paying enough attention - too focused on looking at the ground below to make sure he stays on the worn dirt path. It smells pungent still, old leaves decaying on new grass that’s trying to push itself through. He‘s making steady ground when he glances up and his heart leaps into his throat. There’s a man not five feet in front of him. “Shit!” he sputters and shudders to a halt. He should keep walking, that’s what he would normally do. But this man isn’t a fellow hiker, he’s not passing Hux on the trail - he’s blocking him. Hux notices he doesn’t have shoes, just an off-white undershirt and dark pants. He can‘t be hiking like that. “Hello?” He croaks out - still unable to move. “It’s too late for you to be here.” The man says slowly, calmly, as if Hux is the one who’s out of place. Hux fumbles for words, “I..didn’t realize it would get dark so quickly.“ The man keeps looking at him, and Hux realizes that he’s young. Younger than Hux, probably. Dark hair and eyes and a proud, long face that Hux can’t decide is attractive or unsettling. He takes a deep breath. “Do you need help as well?” He tries slowly. “Leaving here?” He’s sweating despite the springtime chill. Careful, careful, he thinks. The man cocks his head, “I live here” he replies, almost condescends. It sparks something in Hux. “Well, I don’t think you’re supposed to” He retorts and immediately regrets it. Yes, irritate a large, probably unstable man in a dark and abandoned preserve. Brilliant. The man’s face remains passive. “I’ll escort you out.” He says haltingly, as if the idea just came to him. “Alright.” Hux says and carefully walks towards him. The man keeps pace next to him the entire way; never in front or behind, but always beside. Hux feels impossibly loud next to him - his feet seem to thud on the path, his breath coming in awkward, disruptive bursts. The man next to him seems to almost float - silent and graceful. When they come over the last small hill and the entrance comes into view Hux clears his throat and turns to address the man who he’s almost certain is squatting in the preserve. The man is gone. It takes Hux several seconds to process the empty space next to him. He quickly turns in circle, squinting in the dusk for a glimpse of him. He had to have slipped away when Hux was distracted, maybe hiding behind a tree in the twilight. Hux tries to discern the ever darkening shapes beyond the path, but he can‘t detect the stranger. Maybe his eyesight is worse than he though - and it’s getting darker, after all. He tries to listen for footsteps or snapping twigs. He tries to breathe quietly, slowly in order to hear better. He hears nothing, sees nothing. Hux drives home on autopilot. He vaguely processes fumbling for his keys, hands awkward and stiff. Opening the door to his apartment feels like waking up. There is his kitchen, counters perfectly wiped down. There is his couch - tan, microfiber and only used on one side. He sits down. Hux knows it’s possible the man could’ve slipped away while he was distracted. He was nervous, worried - it’s possible he was so into his own thoughts the man had been gone long enough to pass undetected through the brush. He isn’t crazy. He didn’t hallucinate an oddly handsome young man condescending to him about his recreational choices. Everything is fine. The following Saturday Hux hikes his normal weekend route without incident. There are no shadows, no noises, no strangers. The only thing he notices are pockets of odd silence in the preserve, like stepping into a bank from a busy street. That, and the warm brush of air every now and again against the nape of his neck -muggy and soft, like a breath. Chapter 2 Things at work take a nosedive when spring turns to summer. Another one of his co-workers leaves. Can’t do it, can’t do all the overtime anymore. Not with a family , she had said. Hux wants to scream, comes dangerously close to crying because Unamo had been one of the competent ones. He congratulates her on her new position, better paying, only 40 hours a week, and tries to calculate how much of her workload his supervisor will pass onto him. For the next two weeks he only makes it to the preserve on the weekends; by the time he gets home it’s usually 7:30 and he’s just so tired. He feels like a some mechanical toy soldier. He winds himself up every morning, dutiful does his job, and slowly shudders his way back home until he collapses. It’s almost a month after the “Handsome Squatter” incident, as he refers to it in his head, that he sees him again. It’s barely after dawn on a Saturday morning and Hux is sitting in a secluded spot by the lake. He feels the hair on the back of his neck prickle “You‘re here early.” Hux flinches, a yelp caught in his throat. He twists to look behind him. There’s the squatter, arms crossed and leaning against a tree. “Hello.” Hux grits out, trying to calculate if he’s going to be accosted or just condescended to again. The squatter says nothing, just continues to stare at Hux from where he’s leaning. Hux notices he’s wearing the same thing as the last time -- a white undershirt and thin, dark pants. Still no shoes. He wracks his brain for what to say that won’t encourage the man to stay, but won’t offend him into action. “You, uh, like this spot then?” Hux uses his water bottle to point at the lake in front of them. “Not particularly.” The man answers. “Not any more than any other spot here.” His lips twitch as he tilts his head. “You like it here, though. The lake.” The man continues. “Uh, yeah. Yes.” Hux replies and realizes he hasn’t broken eye contact. He quickly turns to look at the lake in front of them. “It’s peaceful here.” He looks out at the wide, dark blue swath of water. It’s early enough that the fog is still clinging to the surface. The peace here is absolute only in broken pieces; a minute on a cool Sunday morning, a brief and damp Thursday twilight. He takes his peace where he can find it. Hux snaps his head back and finds the man still there, still leaning. That’s right, won’t be so easy to sneak away this time . Hux ducks his head and bites his lip to suppress a sneer. He remembers the log he’s sitting on is still damp in places. “It rained last night.” Hux says, brushing a piece of imaginary lint from his shoulder. “That must be…inconvenient for you.” “I don’t find the weather convenient one way or the other.” “You have a tent, then?” Hux asks lightly. “I don’t live in a tent.” He doesn’t sound offended, just factual. It irritates Hux. “You told me you lived here, the last time I was here. Is that not the case?” “I live here." The man insists, worrying his full bottom lip with big, bright teeth. He sounds uncertain. Hux turns back to the lake to give the man the illusion of privacy, of acceptance. He scratches the moss off the log with a fingernail and tries to configure a plan of escape. No need to rile the man up, but Hux wants him gone. Why can’t he be left alone The far off sound of voices coming up the trail turns him around. The squatter is gone, no trace of him left behind. He drags his nails down the log and hisses as he feels a pinch. He brings his reddened finger to his face. A splinter. Fantastic. The following Saturday Hux drives to the preserve with renewed fervor. He’s not going to be cowed into staying away by some light-footed vagrant who has nothing better to do than sneak up on people. The preserve is public property; he’s a tax-paying citizen and he’s going to use it for its intended purpose , unlike some. The squatter finds him again by the lake. Hux has to reign in his ridiculous pride at remaining still when he appears in his periphery, silent as ever. It’s still awkward, even more so than the last time, as the man has decided to sit next to Hux on his favorite log. They sit in silence until he can’t stand it any longer. “I’m Hux, by the way.” He sticks out his hand. “Husk?” The man’s hand is cold in his grip. “Hux. H-U-X. It’s my last name, technically.” “Alright.” The squatter says slowly, smiling. “Are we on a surname-only basis?” Hux feels a spike of panic at his smile, and, realizing they are still gripping hands, slowly loosens his fingers. “I don’t know.” He can feel himself begin to flush from his scalp to his chest. “Are you going to tell me your first or last name?” “I’m -” the man pauses, opens his mouth only to close it. “I’m Ben.” he says finally, and turns back to look at the lake. Hux does the same, hoping the awkward moment passes quickly. Ben can‘t be his real name, judging by how he stumbled over it; although, why would he lie? Hux sneaks a glance at Ben, careful not to move his head. Ben is his height, maybe a little taller, but he takes up so much more room than Hux does. Ben sits back on the log, weight on his palms and his legs sprawled in front of him. Hux looks at Ben‘s pale, muscled arm that is connected to the large, long fingered hand that rests scant inches from Hux‘s own leg. Hux suddenly feels hot, face flushing all over again. What is he doing? What is he doing? “I, um, should probably -” he points vaguely. “- get back to it, you know?” He stands up quickly, brushes imaginary dust from his pants, and smiles in Ben’s direction, unable to meet his eyes. He makes it about ten steps towards the trail again before he hazards a glance back, guilty and wanting. Ben is gone. Hux thinks of Ben as he eats his dinner. Stabbing a piece of leftover sesame chicken made slightly rubbery by the microwave, he wonders how Ben eats. Ben doesn’t look like he’s starving. In fact, he looks healthy for the most part. And clean. Always clean, somehow. Do they have a laundromat hidden away in the preserve somewhere? He tries to think of how Ben navigates the logistics of food and clean clothes in the preserve as he chases fried rice around his bowl. He lets himself fantasize about how Ben bathes himself. He doesn’t let himself think about how Ben only appears when he’s alone. He’s changing out of his work clothes when his phone buzzes. Only a few people would text him in the middle of the week after 7:30. Only a few people would text him at all. “R U alive?” It’s his mom. He slumps backwards onto his bed, pants still half buttoned. “ Yes. Sorry. Been busy at work .” He types out. “How are you?” He should get up and finish changing. Instead, he flops to his back and watches the dots indicating her typing. “Ok” Is the reply he waits 3 minutes for. If he were a better son he would call her more often. Maybe once a week. On Sunday afternoons, like real people did instead of random calls on his commute home or lunchtime texts with pictures of cats. Something more substantial, rather than the minimum maintenance required. "U still coming Sat?” Shit. He had forgotten. She had mentioned something a few weeks ago with needing his help with something. Hanging a picture, moving a chair - something she could do herself but claimed she needed his help with. She was only 2 hours away, but he hadn’t seen her in 3 months. “Of course! Are you still off at 2?” With his brother and his family stationed at Fort Belvoir in Virginia, it was Hux’s responsibility to look after her. A responsibility he had let slip. “Yes. U be able to get dinner after?” “Only if you buy.” He sends. “LOL.” “You look tired.” His mom sips her Michelob Ultra, pale eyebrows raised. “Everything alright at work?” “Yep.” Hux takes a drink of his water, scanning the Applebee’s for their waitress. It’s definitely been too long since she brought them their drinks. Why did his mom ask for a few more minutes with the menu? She orders the same thing every time he brings her here. She sighs. “Mitt -” she starts, and he can’t help but cringe, “- I know you don’t want to worry me.” She leans forward on the table, bottleneck rolling between her thick, hard fingers. “I just want to make you’re not --” she grimaces, rakes a few graying strays of hair from her face. “ - I don’t know, you don’t have any vices. Except working, I guess.” “Everything’s fine, mom.” He looks into her eyes. Tries to. She wants to believe him but she doesn’t. “Just a little too much overtime for my old age.” “Why don’t you quit? Or. Okay -” She brings her hands in mock surrender “-not just quit, obviously, Mr. Tightass. But look for something different? You have a degree, you can do anything!” He takes another sip of his water and tries to summon the list of reasons he keeps in his head. He’s been there almost 2 years now; taking the first job he was offered as soon as he crossed the state line in an effort to outrun the shattering of his life. Because he doesn’t want to start all over. Because he doesn’t want to admit another failure. “I need to make time to look.” He answers into his glass. “Are you seeing anyone?” She asks suddenly and takes a swig of her beer. “No.” He replies, surprised. His mom rarely asked that question. They’ve gotten to a point where they just usually ignore the fact that Hux is gay. In the 9 years he was with Brian she had only met him a handful of times. As a peacekeeping effort it had seemed to work. Not that she was openly rude or critical, but she was never interested. Like she was barely holding in her disappointment. “Because, you know, if you were -” she gestures aimlessly with bottle, “- you could tell me.” In his shock he almost, almost mentions Ben. Not as someone he’s seeing, but as a friend he’s made. He stops himself. Reminds himself that Ben isn’t his friend - that Ben exists in some nebulous world between Hux’s 11 hour work days and his weekends of brief reprieve. After dinner in the parking lot of her apartment complex Hux hugs his mother tight. This visit had been mostly painless, a rare gift. Maybe things are looking up for him. “My mother works at a diner.” Hux says, looking out over the water. “Runs it really. Manages it. She had started out as a waitress there when we moved after - after my dad passed.” They’re sitting by the lake again. Hux glances at his watch. It’s 7:45 on a Saturday night, and this will be the peak of action of his weekend -sitting on a log with Ben. “I’m sorry.” Ben murmurs, half bent over, elbows resting on his knees. He’s been more quiet than usual today, and Hux has been filling the once welcome, now heavy silences with random, inane topics. “Oh, what?” “I’m sorry. About your dad.” Ben says slowly, clarifying. “Oh.” Hux waves his hand awkwardly. “Not a big deal. He was an ass. It’s fine.” He looks back out at the lake. “Fuck!” he hisses quietly. His fingers spasmed and he accidentally deleted a column in the spreadsheet he was working in. He quickly rights it, sighing as he stares at the numbers in front of him. He glances at his clock on his desktop toolbar. It’s 3:02 - two minutes since he last checked. It’s staying lighter longer now in the midst of summer. He thinks if he leaves a little early, maybe at 6:45, he could get to the lake before dark. He winces, guiltily calculating how much he could get done in those fifteen minutes. His stomach churns and growls almost embarrassingly loudly. He tightens the muscles there, willingly them to still. He still hasn’t eaten his turkey sandwich he brought for lunch. His productivity is higher than his co-workers, he’s sure of it. And, judging by the fact that he’s always the last to leave, he’s working more overtime than them too. First Order Financial can spare him the fifteen minutes. By 7:30 that night he’s at the preserve, walking along his normal path. It’s been almost two months since he was here on a weekday. These past few weekends he’s been rerouting and ending up at the lake more and more. Ben has been finding him there with increasing regularity. Hux thought, at first, that Ben might be camped near there -but the area is far too public for that to be true. A small portion of the lake even borders the main road coming into the preserve, and Hux can’t think that Ben would risk settling in such a popular area. He bites his lip as he comes upon the crossroads of the trail - on the left is his normal route; the right is the path to the lake. He glances up towards the sky, the thick foliage of the trees making it difficult to see. It’s still early enough that he could technically finish his regular route and still end up at the lake at twilight, or before. He takes a step to the left but falters, the droning of the cicadas making it difficult to concentrate. He could finish his route, but - he turns to the right and slowly starts towards the lake. He isn’t changing his routine because of Ben. He is simply curious as to how the man is faring in this abominably wet, oppressive heat they’ve had. His regular spot by the lake is hidden from the trail due to the high grasses and the sharp downward slope it takes to reach it, but Hux can still hear voices as he walks closer. He pauses, not wanting to interrupt anyone else’s reverie, and realizing that Ben wouldn’t approach him if there were people around. Wouldn’t he? Hux glances around, the Midwestern woods looking far more deep and sinister in the twilight. How does he know Ben wouldn’t approach him if other people were around? He can only go on previous experiences. He’s never seen Ben when the trail is busier, or when there are others near their log on the shore. Ben’s presence had at first been frightening, then annoying, and now something bordering on friendly. That Ben trusted him had made him feel singular, almost - do you really think you’re the only one he’s singled out? That you’re special? He jerks his head, trying to dislodge the sneering inner voice. He abruptly turns around and heads back toward the entrance. There are other places along the shore, but Hux’s spot had been perfect - any farther and you head towards the road, and any closer you head towards the main trail on the opposite shoreline. It’s getting late; he might as well head back anyways. Determined as he is, he can’t keep himself from scanning the trees as he walks back - his heart pounding at the thought of sighting a dark head or a pale arm. As he gets into his car, alone in the parking lot save for a few other stragglers, he struggles not to look around one last time. He jams his key into the ignition, turning it hard and exhaling. Ben isn’t his friend. Ben is a vagrant who has approached Hux only because he’s either A. lonely or, much more likely, B. wants something from him. He grips the steering wheel hard, clenching his jaw as he hurriedly makes a turn toward the main road. He’s so stupid. He’s so stupid . Did he really cut out of work early to visit a transient currently squatting in the local preserve? The overtime is clouding his brain. He brings his car to a halt at a lonely stoplight on the edges of the city; the solitary traveler at this particular junction. Maybe you just need to get laid, old man . He scoffs at the thought, then relents, then pushes the gas a little viciously when the light changes. He hasn’t been with anybody in two years. It’s been two years since the bottom fell out from his life and he lost everything he had scraped and struggled for: the good job in the big city on the coast, his home, and the man he thought he was going to be with for the rest of his life. He had come back to his home state with his tail tucked between his legs - betrayed and bereft and with nothing to show for all his hard work. That night as he heats up his frozen “all in one” dinner in the skillet, he recounts all of his conversations with Ben. He tries to think of a time Ben had hinted he needed anything: food, shelter, money, Hux’s help in any way. He pokes at the frozen chicken and pasta with his spatula. Ben has never asked him for anything. He frowns, poking at the frozen clumps of broccoli in order to separate them; Hux has never offered him anything, either. He leaves the TV off as he sits on his couch with his dinner balanced in a bowl on his lap. He’s not thought clearly in months - he knows there’s a solution to the Ben problem, but he doesn’t have the strength of mind to fit the pieces together. He pokes dully at a piece of chicken, chews it while staring off at nothing in particular. He could alert the authorities of Ben’s presence. He could offer to take Ben to a shelter. Or to any friends or family that would be willing to help. He could never step foot in the preserve again. Hux sits back into his couch, dinner only half eaten as he continues to stare at nothing. He’s not going to do any of those things. The following Saturday he offers Ben the extra cliff bar he had packed. Ben declines. That night he dreams of Ben. Everything is soft and loose around them, and Hux is mostly aware that he’s dreaming. This is a good thing , he thinks. This way he can do what he wants; what he can’t do when he’s awake. He pins Ben to the soft, green ground and breathes against him - their lips barely brushing. He struggles to keep his eyes open and focused on Ben. A thought echoes around the edges of his mind - if he kisses Ben he will need to keep his eyes open. If he closes his eyes there’s a chance that he might wake up, or the dream will shift and Ben will be lost. Slowly, carefully he brings his mouth to Ben’s. Ben’s mouth is soft and his body hard and he is perfect, more perfect than Hux could’ve imagined. “You’re perfect” He says, staring into Ben’s odd, long face. “You’re perfect for me. It’s like I dreamed you.” Ben smiles. “You are dreaming me,” he says. When Hux wakes up light is softly streaming through his blinds. He groans and turns away from the light, trying to bury his head into the pillow. Maybe if it’s dark he can go back to sleep, back to the dream with Ben. Ben . He groans again, softer this time as he reaches beneath his waistband to adjust himself. He’s hard; throbbing in his shorts and slick at the tip. He shivers and bites his pillow as he spreads the wetness with his thumb slowly, imagining Ben’s big hands on his cock and his soft breath at his neck. He pumps himself once, twice, squeezes his eyes shut and tries to recall the dream and how Ben had felt under him. He can see Ben’s face looking up at him, smiling - “You are dreaming me. ” Hux’s eyes fly open and his hand stills; his breathing loud in the silence of the room. He swallows, clenches his eyes shut again and tries to chase the feeling of the dream, of Ben, but he can’t. He can hear Ben’s words echoing inside his head and they’re wrong, somehow. It all feels wrong. Chapter 3 It’s Wednesday and Hux is wearing his glasses. He normally reserves them for Fridays; by then his eyes are usually killing him and he feels a satisfaction in having earned the right to be casual for all his hours worked. But it’s Wednesday and he’s wearing them because he stood in his bathroom for five minutes this morning and stared at his contact lenses like they were going to put themselves in. He’s either getting lazy or he’s reached a whole new level of exhausted. The permanent dark smudges under his eyes tell him it’s the latter. He tugs his glasses off roughly and presses his fingers into his eyes. He exhales, and colors shift and shatter in the blackness. He keeps pressing. The colors explode; a painful supernova behind his eyelids. He presses until it’s too painful to bear and blinks the stars out of his vision in the cold, white light of the office. He glances at the time and sighs. Once again, he’s not making it to the preserve tonight; most likely not until the weekend. He hopes Ben is taking care of himself. Hux is rummaging through his fridge for the third time that night, hoping something will magically cook itself, when he hears his phone vibrate angrily on the kitchen counter. It’s a text from his brother. “Mom called. Said to call u and check up.” Hux clenches his jaw. Of course his brother couldn’t even pretend to have texted of his own accord. Like it would’ve been too painful to just feign brotherly concern or interest for one night. Hux stands rigidly in the middle of his kitchen, glaring at the screen as he types his response. “I’m fine. I just saw her a few weeks ago. Talked to her Sunday.” Well, technically he sent her some meme about drinking wine, but whatever. He communicated with her. Brendol Jr. doesn’t need to know the specifics. “K. She still v worried.” Hux has a sudden, violent urge to throw his phone. He grips it tightly in his hands, fingertips turning white as he tries to control his breathing. "Fuck you.” he says aloud to the screen. “Fuck you, Jr. Fuck you.” “Said you been workin lots of OT.” His brother continues, unaware of his outburst. “Yes.” He replies, gritting his teeth as he types. “We’ve lost some people and they aren’t replacing them. Have had to pick up the slack .” “Fucknuts.” “Yep.” “Ok then. Good. Think she worried that u workin so much bc you depressed or some shit. About Brian still.” Hux frowns. Like his mother, his older brother tended to ask few questions about his love life. Jr. had never liked Brian, although he had only met him a handful of times in those 9 years. “So, I did pretty good right?” Hux had asked his brother, assuming he’d get a positive answer. Two years after he had graduated college and a year after his brother had eloped with his now wife, Jr had thought to invite their mother out to Virginia for a week. He and Hux had split the cost of her plane ticket, while Hux and Brian had driven the 8 hours from Boston to Fort Belvoir. “Yeah,” his brother answers, wrinkling his nose. “I mean, you’re an accountant, right? Shit Mitt, nobody ever thought you’d be anything but” Hux rolls his eyes. “I mean about Brian.” said boyfriend was out of the room at the moment. Hux knew his mother would never say anything outright one way or the other, but he had wanted Jr’s opinion. Well, Jr’s verbalization that Hux had somehow managed to bag a handsome, smart, charming man who was way out of his league. “He’s fine” Jr. takes a sip of his beer, looks away . Hux sighs and leans against the kitchen counter, deflated. “It’s been two years.” He types slowly, choosing his words carefully. “I’m moving on. I haven’t talked to mom about him since we broke up. I don’t know why she would think that. I’ve just been working a lot, that’s all.” Hux jerks awake to a cracking thunder in the pitch dark of his room. He groans, turns over and tries to pull the comforter over his head as his room is illuminated by a streak of lightning. It sounds monstrous outside - the rain heavy and the wind shrieking against his windows. Hux usually likes storms; had always found comfort in cozying up inside on a rainy day. He pulls the blankets tighter around him; safe and warm and - oh, shit . He's upright in an instant. Ben. Ben is outside. Hux is inside and safe but Ben isn’t, not for sure. He clambers out of bed and pulls open the blinds. “Fuck.” He hisses. He can see the rain pouring down the street like an impromptu river. The trees in front of his building are bent and stretched in the screaming wind. He can see branches scattered on the ground below them in the orange of the street lamps. He suddenly feels dizzy, and rests a hand along the window sill to steady himself. He reaches a shaky hand under his shirt and the skin along his sternum is damp. He can feel his heart like a hot, pulsing jackhammer He tosses and turns the rest of the night, and by 6am he has made his decision. He grabs his phone from the nightstand and carefully types an email to his supervisor, letting him know he would be taking a sick day. He makes himself a pot of coffee, and even though he had just called in sick, still starts to get his work clothes out before he realizes what he’s doing. The drive to the preserve has Hux gripping the steering wheel like Ben’s fate depends on whether or not he can hold on. He oscillates between cursing every single driver going either below or exactly the speed limit and a terror that makes him wish the drive was longer. The image of Ben, twisted and pale on the forest floor has been behind his eyelids for hours. He can’t shake the feeling that maybe if he turns around now, goes back to his apartment and never goes back to the preserve, that Ben will still be alive. As if searching for him is condemning him. He sits in his car in the parking lot for exactly five minutes before he forces himself to get out. It stopped raining a few hours ago, but the air is still thick and damp in the gray morning. He bites his lip as he looks towards the cloudy sky. The news had predicted more rain starting in the late morning to early afternoon. If he wants to find Ben he has to do so now. He grabs his rain jacket (just in case), locks his car, and heads towards the trail. He steps over fallen tree limbs that litter that trail, tennis shoes sinking into the mud before he realizes that he’s heading towards the shore. That’s where Ben almost always finds him, but the reason he’s even here is to make sure Ben isn’t hurt. If Ben is hurt he almost certainly isn’t going to go to the shore. Where should he even be looking for Ben? Hux stops in the middle of the trail and covers his eyes with his fingers; he tries to regulate his breathing while pressing as hard as he can. He presses until his eyes ache, until he sees stars. “Hux?” Hux tears his hands away and spins around. He looks at the impossible as he sways and stumbles, suddenly feeling dizzy. “Are you okay?” Ben continues slowly, eyebrows furrowed in confusion. “Yes, I’m - fine.” Hux manages. Ben is whole and perfect. He is clean, unmarred by the rain or mud. Hux frowns and looks at Ben’s clean bare feet. “How did you -” he begins. “Are you sure you’re alright?” Ben interrupts and takes a step forward. “ You look pale. Well. Paler than usual.” His mouth twists up. “I was worried.” “About what?” “About you. Ben." Hux stops, tightens his fists. "You know there were terrible storms last night, right?" Ben shrugs and continues to look at Hux unperturbed. His shirt is as white as ever. "I was worried you were hurt.” Hux feels outside himself, separate. “I’m fine.” “Yes, and I’m glad. Extremely glad." He rakes a hand through his hair. "But how did you..” He gestures broadly towards Ben. How did you escape unmarred? How did you find me? He glances down once more at Ben’s long, pale, and unsullied feet. “How did you..” The sound of a dog barking has Hux twisting down towards the trail several yards. A fit, elderly man is tugging on the leash of a collie attempting to bully a squirrel out of a tree. He turns back to keep questioning Ben, but he’s alone. Ben's sudden absence is a yawning void. He stumbles back and takes a step into the squelching black mud. He looks down and his sneakers are almost consumed by it. “Oh, yeah” the man with the dog slows his pace, but doesn’t stop as he walks by Hux. “It’s pretty dry up there" he points to the direction of the trailhead "but the farther you in go the goddamn messier it gets.” “Should’ve worn my boots…” Hux replies absently. The man and his dog continue up the trail. Hux stares down at where his feet have sank in the mud. He looks to where Ben had been standing. Ben with his clean black hair and crisp white t-shirt and his long, pale feet. Hux slowly, shakily lifts up a foot to place it where Ben had been. His toe sinks in immediately; thick black mud threatening to swallow him up. He shivers in the warm, wet breeze. Hux turns and plods up the trail. The smell of damp green things is almost unbearable. His eyes are unfocused as he head through the parking lot and to his car. He stares at the car door handle, unable to make his hand work to open it. He slides down the side of his car to sit on the pavement. He sits there until he feels a cold, wet drop of rain on his shoulder. He throws himself into his work. His work is real. First Order Financial is real. Ben isn't - This immersion into his work – where he’s not a person, but a person shaped automaton – only lasts until he steps into his apartment. The air is stale there, and he has to fight the twist in his gut when he reads the clock. Before, the time would’ve allowed him to go to the preserve. To hurriedly pull on a t-shirt and jeans and just enough time to see – He shakes his head, trying to dislodge the thought before it even takes hold. He pulls open a cabinet door beside the fridg and grabs a bottle of bourbon that is slightly dusty. Yes, this will do, he thinks. He doesn’t bother with a glass. He manages to maintain a level of drinking that eradicates rational thought while making work the next day bearable. He succeeds, mostly. Most nights he can drink himself into a comfortable fuzzy state. He's able to make his lunch for the next day, get his clothes ready, brush his teeth and flop into bed without much thought. Other nights he keeps tipping the bottle back (still no glass, what’s the point? ) and he barely manages to collapse into bed and remember to set his alarm. On even rarer nights, when he’s drunk enough not to care but still not forget, he lays himself down into bed and thinks of Ben. Only abstractly, of course. He large, long hands. His well-muscled arms and broad shoulders barely contained by his white t-shirt. His dark eyes and dark, soft-looking hair. His mouth. Hux clumsily coats two fingers in lube and pushes them in and out of his hole, stroking himself and turning his head to bite neatly at his pillow. Ben, he thinks. Ben . And the Ben in his fantasies growls low in his throat, snaps his hips up into Hux ceaseslessly, without mercy until Hux comes with a whimper and paints his belly in long, hot streaks of white.