They are duelling furiously. Their light sabres clash violently, casting a lavender glow over them. It’s dark here in the forest, but humid, and Rey feels every bead of sweat as it trickles down her damp skin. Kylo Ren shows no sign of tiring, in fact there is a gleam in his eye: he’s enjoying this. He seems determined to get his revenge on her. It has been months since she’d bested him and left her mark on his face. It suits him, the scar. If she’s being honest with herself, she’s found him attractive since the moment he removed his mask in the interrogation room. She has had dreams since, involving his full mouth and deep voice and massive hands. Dreams where she is left jolting awake, heart pounding, an urgent ache between her legs that she tries her best to soothe herself, but yearns for another’s touch all the while. He had thrown his mask aside at the beginning of their confrontation, and she wishes now that he was wearing it, because his face is a distraction. She feels ashamed for being so weak, and because of her lowered defenses, Kylo gets a strong swing in. His sabre strokes upwards and Rey is lucky, realizing quickly and jumping backwards. The blow barely grazes her skin but does manage to slice through the left strap of her tunic, causing it to fall away and bare one shoulder. The exposure causes her to blush, but she catches him gazing at the bared skin and he swallows hard, faltering for a moment. She thinks that maybe she isn’t the only one capable of being distracted, but he catches himself and sneers at her. "Almost got you," he taunts, swinging his sabre in a casual circle. The arrogance of the gesture makes her blood boil and she shoves aside her distracting thoughts to jump back into the fight tenfold. She gasps and grunts, jockeying for position, moving wildly. He meets her newly invigorated state effortlessly, fighting with a grace that belied his massive stature. Again, he swings upwards and this time, comes into contact with her bared shoulder, slicing the skin open. And Force, it fucking burns. Rey screams in shock and pain, and realizes with a surge of terror and panic that she can't move her burned shoulder. He's going to win this fight. He's going to kill her. But instead, he stands there, momentarily stunned by her injury, as though he didn't mean to do it. He looks forlorn, instead of victorious. Rey cannot understand why he isn't moving in for the kill, and so she brushes against his mind with hers, just enough to hear his whispered, frantic thoughts. Words and phrases like monster and too close and sorry and precious. It's that last word that jolts her and she steps away from him to run, hoping he's not going to finish this fight fatally. He's still in shock, and she gets to the edge of the trees where the path is before he realizes her plan. "Wait!" he calls out, and her hopes for survival come crashing down around her. She only has one option if she wants to escape with her life. "Please," she begs, her voice hoarse with fear and desperation. "It's not a fair fight. I'm injured." Internally, she scoffs. As if Kylo Ren, infamous darksider, cares about fairness. Her plea hangs between them in the dark forest. They are both breathing heavily. Kylo's dark eyes are on her. There's a ferocious look on his face, and Rey thinks it truly will be end of her, but then he's deactivating his light sabre and throwing it to the ground. In just a few strides, his long legs carry him to where she is standing, and she's confused. "What --" is all she manages to utter before his lips crash onto hers, and now it's her turn to be stunned. She stands there frozen in disbelief as he kisses her passionately, but then his hands come up to clutch at her lower back and pull her close, and when she gasps in surprise, he uses the opportunity to sweep his tongue along hers. Now she's lost. So completely. So wholly. She can't even begin to list all of the reasons this is wrong, but it feels so good to kiss him. Her hands tangle in his hair and she thinks it isn't possible for a man like him to have hair this soft or lips this full. She presses her body against his and revels in the strength and power of his form. It's just like her dreams, but with more clothes on. But before she can think about it escalating further, he's pulling away and she sighs in disappointment. They gaze at each other, trying to come to terms with what just happened, before he turns to pick up his sabre and mask. He clips his weapon to his belt, and moves to cover his face again. "No!" Rey whispers, and this time, she's walking towards him, pressing her lips to his. She just wants to taste him once more before they're back to being enemies. She curses the extreme bad luck that makes her so drawn to this man in particular. This man who was just trying to kill her a few minutes ago. Kylo breaks the kiss and shakes his head, and Rey realizes he heard her thoughts. "I don't want to kill you, Rey. I fight with you because you challenge me, because we are equals." To punctuate his statement, he drops a kiss to her wounded shoulder before finally sliding his mask back into place. "We will finish the fight once you've recovered," he says through the vocalizer, and then he's gone, leaving Rey reeling with everything that has just transpired. She thinks of the promise he just made, and shivers with anticipation.