He watched as Klylo disrobed, his own face indifferent but inside, his heart was like a drum. It had been a week since they started so he knew the wounds would still be fresh, but he did it anyways. A sharp inhale of pain and Hux jumped to his feet, moving towards Kylo with purpose and intent. The dark man stilled, hand frozen as his arm twisted in an awkward position, not quite out of his outer robe yet. “Did it…catch?” Hux whispered, his cold eyes burning into the black fabric. A slight nod. “Careful,” he purred, gently helping Kylo out of his garments, revealing his chiselled chest and muscular abdominals. Standing in his pants and his armguards, Kylo faced Hux, helmet still secured around his head. His short breaths were like crackling through his modulator, as if there were small firecrackers igniting in his mouth. “Turn around.” Slowly, Kylo followed the command, bearing his back to the redheaded General. The slow intake of air through Hux’s nostrils was enough to make Kylo not regret agreeing to this. “You are…so beautiful.” Hux lifted his hand, his fingertips gently tracing the shiny metal rings that decorated Kylo’s back. In two neat rows were rings stretching from the middle of his back to the small dip above his hips, starting wide at the top but narrowing near the bottom. He removed his gloves and placed his cold palms onto the redness that formed around each piercing, relishing at the feel of the rings and the hot skin under his touch. Kylo hissed at the touch, welcoming at temporary relief of the heat around the piercings. Kylo had been a blessing when they started. He didn’t move or cry out as Hux shallowly sank the red hot needle into his skin, tinges of red smearing along the steel spike. Then as quick as he pierced, he replaced the needle with a small ring, the pads of his thumb buffing the blood that painted the metallic surface. His normally pale back was red by the end of their piercing session, beads of blood pearled at some of the deeper piercings while a blush just seemed to consume his flesh. It was exquisite. And now that a week had passed, he could do what he always dreamed of. The piercing were in no way healed, dark crusted blood still peppering the edges of the piercing, but he couldn’t wait. Hux was normally a patient man, but when it involved Kylo Ren, it was like all his years of training became undone by the man’s presence. It was horrible, but at the same time, addictive. With a shiny black ribbon between his thumb and forefinger, he started to thread the loops that dangled from the Knight’s back. In and out, in and out, again and again, criss-crossing back and forth until not a ring was untouched. When he reached Kylo’s lower back, he carefully pulled at the ribbon, his knuckles grazing the pebbled skin of the man before him. Hux’s lip twitched as he tied a perfect bow. Stepping back to admire his work, Hux felt his heart blossom and clench at the sight before him. Shoulders wide with an equally expansive back, Kylo Ren stood in nothing but his black armguards, trousers, heavy boots and helmet. The curls of his hair peeked out at the bottom of his mask, fanning over the nape of his neck that grew hotter and hotter as Hux had pulled on his piercing. “You are absolutely gorgeous ,” Hux breathed, finger running over the criss-cross pattern the ribbons formed on Kylo’s back. He hooked his finger on the loop of the bow he tied and pulled, watching at the skin stretched painfully under the stress. “Why force you into a corset when you can become one?”