Prologue Little Armitage Hux gripped the hem of his dirty, ill-fitting shirt until his bony knuckles were white, large, innocent eyes brimming with tears. He sniffled weakly, letting go of his shirt with one hand to rub at his eye with one small fist. He looked up at everything around him, before taking off running as he ran as fast as his short legs could carry him away from the bustling space port and into an alleyway. He had never seen so many non-humans in one place before. Some tall and hulking, some smaller and rodent-like. All of them seeming to be creatures from his nightmares waiting to tear him apart. He hid himself behind abandoned boxes of trash and useless parts of machinery. Boxes of unwanted things, just like Armitage. He burrowed in and held himself away, and only when he was finally out of sight did he allow himself to cry into his hands, wishing his mother or father would come back and pick him up and tell him everything would be alright. “Honestly, Han, there’s nothing there that’s worth anything,” a voice, the voice of a young woman, called. Han ignored her with a grumble, rooting through the boxes of ship parts, searching for something that could be of use later. Leia just sighed to herself, shaking her head as she crossed her arms and watched Han. As Han shifted one of the boxes, he heard a soft, weak whimper. Frowning, he pulled the boxes away and set them aside. Seeing what appeared to be a small arm, his eyes widened and he called for Leia. She rolled her eyes and came over, obviously annoyed. This was barely any better than the trash compactor she’s gotten acquainted with a few years ago. “What is it this time?” Han pushed the trash away, uncovering the small boy with fiery red hair curled up underneath, back pressed to the wall and thin arms wrapped protectively over his head. Leia immediately knelt down beside Han and gently pulled the boy to her, ignoring his weak protests. “Force, what are you doing here? What's your name?” Armitage looked up at her, his eyes barely open as he laid limply in her arms. She picked him up, heedless of his filthy body, and held him close. Instinctively, he curled into her warmth, wrapping his arms loosely around her neck. "A-Arm-Armitage," he stammered, frail body wracked with shivers from the cold of the space port that he was ill-prepared to deal with, thin clothes not sustaining any warmth. “Where are your parent’s kid?” Han asked gruffly, and Armitage sniffled, before whispering, “Gone. Left me.” Leia stroked his grimy, matted hair as he hid his face against her shoulder, feeling his tears wetting her shirt. She looked over at Han, who shook his head immediately as he realized what she intended. “No. Absolutely not. We already have Ben on the way; one kid is gonna be enough.” “Han,” she said chidingly, scowling at him. “Leia,” he said in the exact same tone. Leia just shook her head and stood, cradling Armitage to her. “He’s coming back with us, Han. Deal with it. Now, let’s go get you something to eat, baby.” Armitage nodded slightly, arms and legs wrapped around Leia as she carried him out of the alley, Han following behind them with a sigh. He had been hiding in that alley for days, afraid to go out. He was always told that aliens would hurt him, that they weren’t to be trusted, so he hadn’t dared go out to try and scavenge for something to eat. Leia brought him back to their temporary ship, and when she tried to put him down, he just clung to her tighter. She smiled softly, shifting him to hold him on her hip while she made a quick protein drink. She could tell by how thin he was, how he was nothing more than skin and bones, that he wouldn’t be able to eat anything else for now. But this at least would get some much needed nutrients into him. Leaning against a wall, she held up the cup for Armitage, poking his mouth gently with the straw. He rubbed at his eyes and dutifully drank it all, not complaining about the taste more than scrunching up his nose. “There you go. Do you want more?” He shook his head with a small hiccup as she set the cup down, and rested his head back on her shoulder. “Alright. Let’s get you cleaned up, then you can get some rest if you want.” He nodded, and she carried him to the bathroom to get him washed up, drawing a bath. She got him undressed and set him in the warm water, before rolling up her sleeves to keep them from getting wet. She added some soap to the water and grabbed a washcloth, smiling when she saw how intrigued by the bubbles Armitage was, giggling softly as he played with them, squishing them between his small hands. Leia was intrigued by his hair, having never seen such vibrant red strands on a human before. It had been dull, looking more like a muddy copper, but now that it was clean, it was bright and shining like a small sun. His eyes were vibrant, too, a mossy, stony color somewhere between blue and green. And he had the most darling smattering of freckles across his nose. The child looked almost fae-like; she didn’t understand why someone would leave such a beautiful child in such a horrible place. “Are you my mommy now?” Armitage suddenly asked, pulling Leia out of her thoughts. She pursed her lips in thought, scrubbing at his back, trying to get off all the dirt and dust and what could have possibly been oil. “If you want to, you can call me ‘mommy’.” Armitage nodded, lightly hitting his hands against the bubbles and bath water. “My mommy died. That’s why I went to my father. But he didn’t want me. Said I’m weak and useless, and a bastard-I don’t know what that means, though,” he said with the kind of frown that only a child trying to understand something could show. Leia was shocked, horrified, that Armitage’s father would say such a thing about him; he was only a handful of years old, for Force sake! She sighed and continued scrubbing at him until his skin was tinged pink and free of grime, before rinsing him off and giving him a hug. “Well I don’t think any of that is true, baby.” Armitage turned to hug her, tangling his wet hands in her hair. “Thank you, mommy,” he mumbled. Leia smiled, kissing the top of his head. She gave him a soft squeeze, alarmed at how frail he was, before carefully pulling him away so that she could finish getting his legs cleaned off. Once he was clean again, his skin so pale she wondered if it had ever seen the sun, she drained the bath and toweled his hair, before bundling him up in the towel and picking him up again. His hands were immediately in her hair as he yawned, head resting on her shoulder as if he would fall asleep right there. Leia ran into Han as she left the bathroom, who gave a weary sigh before smiling at the sight of her and Armitage. “Me and Chewie are getting ready to take off, so get yourselves settled in.” “Will do,” she said with a smile, kissing Han’s cheek before heading off to their quarters with a sleeping Armitage in her arms. She grinned as Han headed up to the cockpit, mumbling something along the lines of them never having any alone time again with two rug rats running around. Leia pulled back the covers of her and Han’s bed, gently laying Armitage down, before going to grab one of her tunics to pull over his head. She tossed the towel in the hamper and pulled the covers over Armitage, then laid down beside him to keep him from falling off the bed as the ship took off, the flight not evening out until they breached the atmosphere of the planet. “Will you stay with me?” Armitage asked, having been woken by the ship’s jostling, grabbing her shirt when she got up. She nodded and laid back down, holding him to her chest as he curled up against her and fell back asleep. “There’s a baby in here?” he asked with awe, splaying his hands over Leia’s now distended abdomen. She laughed, ruffling his hair. She was happy to see that Hux wasn’t as thin as he had been a few months ago, having a layer of baby fat to cover his bones that children his age should have. He was still a little on the thin side, but not as severe as before; it was amazing, though, because he could pound quite a few pastries when they were within reach. “Mhm. Little Benny. He should be joining us soon.” Armitage’s eyes positively lit up at the thought of having a little brother to play with, and he giggled as he was scooped up by Han, put on the man’s shoulders. “You’re gonna help us keep an eye on him, aren’t ya? He’s probably gonna be even more a trouble make than you, and we’re going to need all the help we can get with the little beast.” Armitage’s little heart seized with cold dread at Han’s words. He had been so careful to not cause trouble. To always stay out of his and Leia’s way, and not to ask for anything he didn’t need for survival, and always did what he was told without question. He hadn’t wanted to make them regret taking him in for fear that they would abandoned him too, just like his father had. He didn’t realize Han was joking until Leia laughed, shaking her head at the man. “The only trouble maker here is you, scruffy.” He gasped dramatically, in mock offence, before scowling at her. “Who are you calling scruffy?” Armitage giggled as they continued their arguing, knowing it wasn’t real by the harsh insults slung as affectionate endearments. He could see how much they loved each other by the way they looked at each other; his parent’s had never looked at him that way, or each other, but he had seen other couples looking like that since he’d been with Han and Leia. A part of him hoped that one day, someone would look at him like that. Someone that wanted him more than anyone else, who he would never have to fear abandoning him.