The One Where Poe is Frustrated and Finn is Oblivious Poe wondered if he'd ever be able to get it right when it came to Finn. He’d tried just about anything. He came back to the flat he shared with Finn and Rey, drenched in sweat, with his shirt clinging to him from his afternoon run, and he knew he looked good, and Finn just turned the other way. He’d tried stretching out on the sofa with a book in his lap, trying to look smart, knowing Finn was a giant nerd. But all Finn had said was "Oh, you read Hemingway? You like that racist, misogynistic piece of filth?" He’d even tried to stop shaving because of that one time with Finn mentioned in passing how he liked Poe better with a beard. Nothing was getting Finn's attention. His boy was completely oblivious. Poe couldn’t take it anymore. He waited until one evening when Rey worked late at the garage, then he took two shots of some pear flavoured vodka Jessika had brought over once, and walked promptly to Finn's door, knocking determinedly. “You okay, Poe? You look a bit pale” Finn said as Poe entered. “I can't take this anymore,” Poe blurted out. “Am I not your type? Is there someone else? Because I can't find a single fucking thing to get you to even look twice at me. And if you're not...I mean, that’s totally okay, but Christ, just let me know so I can stop acting like a fucking idiot and try to get on with my life” Finn blushed, and Poe looked at him, bemused. “What?” he asked. “That's what you've been doing? You were trying to get my attention?” Finn asked. Poe nodded. “Because, I've been trying to ignore you for, like, months.” Poe’s mouth felt dry. “What?” he repeated, his voice high, almost shrill “I thought you were with Jess?" Finn says quietly. “Jess is a lesbian, for God's sake, she's in love with Rey!” Poe laughed, dumbstruck, gaining some confidence. Finn scrambled for a little ball of paper on his desk, then threw it at Poe's face. “Hey!”Poe huffed with a little laugh, dodging it. “What are you doing?” “Why didn't you try to be more obvious?” Finn cried, tossing another ball of paper at him. “I’ve been going out of my mind! You came home sweaty, Poe! Sweaty! What did you expect me to do about that?” Poe let out an enormous laugh as Finn tossed a final ball at him, this one hitting him right in the face. Turned out he'd been doing it right all this time. Notes: Hope you enjoyed this first one! Constructive criticism is always appreciated! All chapter titles will be inspired by Friends.