A long time ago in a town just south of Boston lived Abby Grace. She had wonderful dreams of her favorite Star Wars character, Kylo Ren, and their adventures together. One day she decided to write them down, and so began her rise to power on the field of battle known as the internet . There she fought haters, made new friends, and built the story of a great legacy-Kylo Grace, the ship of all ships. She became the mistress of both fluff and smut, but her adventure is only just beginning. How do I know? I am Abby Grace, and these are my stories. (I own nothing, not the Star Wars franchise, not Kylo Ren, not any art I use. Just do me a favor, and if you ever write a Kylo Grace fanfic, give me credit to the character of Abby Grace, because she is my original character and you don't come up with something like this every day.) Welcome to my profile, where I keep all my stories. You may choose the path of the Light and follow Abby Grace as she battles evil alongside Ben Solo, then redeems Kylo Ren from the clutches of her father, the Titan Lord Kronos. Just click on the book When Worlds Collide. Or you may follow a darker path and meet Lady Shade-if you dare! Her power is not to be tested, but she finds her place where it is least expected-with the Jedi knight Ben Solo. Love blossoms between the two, but that is not the end. Did I mention that love is forbidden? That book would be called Unstoppable. If that is not enough, you can venture into the world of oneshots and follow Kylo and Abby as the meet in may forms, find love for each other in the most unexpected of places, and battle the forces of evil side by side. Kylo Grace Oneshots would be the place to find that sort of story! Whichever path you choose, remember this-You are venturing down a path that I have paved for you, and it will change everything . So, come on. Have you chosen a story yet? What are you waiting for? Abby Grace only appears when Ben Solo is around, and not even he stays forever. You've gotta catch them quick, because those two have a way of causing chaos, no matter what. I am also on wattpad.com and Fanfiction.com, if you'd rather follow me there. I don’t post anything different, except on fanfiction. There I can’t post my picture books, because you can’t post images on that site. Here's how to find me: Wattpad.com-AbbyGrace31415 Fanfiction.com-abbygracegodess If you enjoy my stories please comment and leave kudos for them, because your support means a lot to me. I try to give everyone who follows me a shoutout, because you're all supporting me, and I couldn't ask for much more then that. Love you all! See you in the world of fanfiction! XOX, AbbyGrace31415