Rey woke in a metal chair, her body jolting to life so violently that her feet made a banging sound against the thick durasteel. As it echoed around the room she noticed a masked thing crouching in front of her on the ground. The complicated fixings around the restraints of the slab she found herself on seemed to have a purpose… a purpose she didn’t care to find out. Rey was startled by Kylo Ren’s silent and ominous presence in the room; she stole small glances from him to her new surroundings. The last thing she remembered was being held still by invisible hands and then suddenly falling into an unconscious heap. Before she hit the ground someone’s arms had shot out and lifted her, possibly bewildering the Stormtroopers who had witnessed the masked man’s raw strength. The forest she had been standing in, the light filtering in behind green leaves and the colours of nature were gone. In haste to understand why she was being held in such a grey, miserable place with a man staring her down, Rey asked the most obvious question that anybody in her situation might ask. “Where am I?” “Does the physical location really matter so much?” As Kylo Ren addressed Rey she noticed that he seemed less hostile but not sympathetic of her situation: whatever was making him so unnaturally welcoming seemed to sicken the young woman before him. “You’re my guest.” As if showing her both his power and generosity, Kylo Ren waved a hand in her direction and the restraints snapped open, hitting the black slab with a small metallic clang. Though she didn’t want to appear desperate to calm her sore wrists, Rey kept her eyes on the dark mask and rubbed them gently. She knew that they were alone. “Where are the others? The ones who were fighting with me?” He could have laughed, but the sound caused others to back away in fear and he needed her to trust him. He chose an inaudible sniff of derision at how she clung to the lives of others, most especially FN-2187. “You mean the traitors, murderers and thieves you call friends? Consider this carefully: I could easily tell you they were all killed, righteously slain in battle... but I would prefer to be honest with you from the beginning. You will be relieved to hear that as far as their current status is concerned, I have no information.” Though Rey was desperately concealing the anger that was seeking its way through the mask she had put up physically: mentally, she had a thin sheet of transparisteel as she had in the forest. That was how he had seen the map – or at least – knew that she had seen it. “You still want to kill me,” he murmured almost amusingly. Rey was enraged that he found her anger funny and she let her truer colours show, as if she harboured a fiery and impetuous alter ego. Rey didn’t care that he could slash her to pieces or choke the air from her lungs: she just needed to vent her anger. “That’s what happens when you’re being hunted by a creature in a mask.” In that eerie silence, Rey ran through his possible reactions for some time as the 'creature' did the unthinkable: he removed the mask. Beneath the black and gold lay a face, a human face. His skin was dotted here and there with tiny moles and barely-there pimples. A Jedi would have likened it to the Dark and Light sides of the Force, the black a devastating contrast to the pallor of his skin. Had it not been for the intense feeling of disdain she got from his glare, the Sith might have passed as any other human that made their way to Niima Outpost. “It is true,” he finally asked. “You’re just a scavenger?” As if he sensed her embarrassment at being spoken of so openly, he changed the subject, whether for his own purposes or simply because he’d found the humanity to take pity on her. “Tell me about the droid.” She swallowed and tried to move the lump from deep within her throat. “He’s a BB unit with a selenium drive and a thermal hyperscan vindicator –” “I am familiar with the droid’s specifications. I don’t want the details of it, I want what it hold in its data banks. It’s carrying a section of a navigational chart. We have the rest recovered from the archives of the Empire. We need the last piece and somehow you convinced the droid to show it to you. You . A scavenger. Why is that?” She looked away from his gaze behind dark eyes, the stare he gave her growing more and more uncomfortable. How did he find that out? Was it when he touched my mind? It felt like he’d physically used his hands but they were nowhere near me… “I know you’ve seen the map,” he repeated. “It’s what I need. At the moment it is all I need.” When Rey maintained her silence he was tempted to sigh. “I can take whatever I want.” Her muscles tightened more than they already had, causing them to ache. “Then you don’t need me to tell you anything.” “True.” He rose to his full height in pure negotiation and intimidation mode. “I would have preferred to avoid this,” he stated matter-of-factly. “Despite what you may believe it gives me no pleasure to put people in pain. I will go as easily as possible… but I will take what I need.” Rey knew that trying to resist him physically would not only be useless but would also likely lead to unpleasantness of a kind that shocked her to the core. What is he implying? An assault? Attempting to remain calm, she stayed silent and still as one of Ren’s gloved hands rose toward her face. He touched her again as he had in the forest on Takodana, analysing the smallest pieces of information that her mind let through its defences. And then he hesitated. What was that? She had put something there, something unexpected. As Rey’s mental strength weakened, Kylo Ren easily pushed past her awkward attempts to keep him out. While continuing his investigation of her mind, he spoke softly. “You’ve been so lonely,” he murmured toward her as he searched for what he needed. “So afraid to leave.” A thin smile decorated his lips. “At night, desperate to sleep, you imagine an ocean. I can see it… I can see the island.” Tears were streaming down Rey’s cheeks from the effort her body put out to resist the pushing in her head. It was pounding hard and her body became desperate to escape, lashing out with no effect. He was holding her down with the Force so he could concentrate on the task at hand. “Han Solo,” he continued with relentless hope. “He feels like the father you never had. I can tell you for a fact he would have disappointed you.” Rey let all of her bottled up rage and fear come out in five words of resistance, the volume of her voice filtered by her lightly clenched teeth. “Get out of my head.” Her fear only made him lean in closer, enhancing the feeling of helplessness. It spurred him onward through the barriers she put up in front of him. "You’ve seen the map. It’s in there and I’m going to take it. Don’t be afraid.” Rey didn’t know how she managed to defy the man before her, but her words were filled with a fire burning deep in her soul. It had grown stronger, more definite. “I’m not giving you anything .” His response reflected his lack of concern over her threats. “We’ll see.” Any wild animal that felt trapped would try to protect itself. The inevitable was going to occur, whether the scavenger liked it or not. However, to his surprise, he began to feel the fear in his own mind as she made her way in. She could see his biggest fear of all and he was not prepared. It was as if someone had walked into his refresher before he had a chance to cover his nakedness: the utmost shame in his mind was not being ready. “You,” Rey heard herself say clearly, “you’re afraid that you will never be as strong as Darth Vader!” Ren pulled his hand from her cheek as if she had slashed his hand with a lightsabre, stumbling toward the wall. Rey didn’t remember it being there, but Ren knew that – as he had grown weaker mentally – his body had also begun to feel the strain. He thought to leave but instead jammed the door with a blue button on the door’s control panel. “How could you barricade me in your mind and force your way into mine? That’s impossible for someone with your lack of skill.” Rey was breathing rather haphazardly as a panic attack swept over her body. When he began shouting at her the tremors only grew in frequency but lost their strength. “HOW, filthy scavenger?” He sneered with a hateful tone in his voice. When he caught sight of the shakes and her quivering jaw something pulsed in his heart. It was so strong that he fell to the floor clutching at his chest. As if she felt his discomfort Rey sat up and leaned over to her right, seeing him on the ground. He could scarcely breathe but he (she had assumed) managed to release her feet, the young woman falling onto the floor in front of him. Realising that he expected her to save him somehow, Rey helped him sit up. As the black ringlets fell away from his face she could see tears in the corner of his eyes, as if he had been… no, this man surely wouldn’t cry, would he? He was practically a hardened criminal. Rey put a hand to his chest where she found his own right hand, placing her fingers between his. Ren’s eyes flew open and her body froze for a split second as he leant into her hand in a moment of weakness. It was as if she had pulled him forward by his robes. “Stay away from me…” his eyes wandered to the slab and then back to Rey. “How did you get down here?” Rey stared at the man and let her eyes meet his, taking the time to analyse the situation. She let her brow furrow. “I thought you released me?” Ren thought to push her away but when he did she pushed him back to the wall. “You’re having heart palpitations. If they get any worse you might not get the normal rhythm back and die in a couple of hours. The best thing to do is stay here.” Rey swallowed when the hand he held on his own chest fell to his lap and clenched into a fist. “Why are you helping me? Don’t you hate me?” I don’t know why, but, I want you to hate me. “I won’t lie if you won’t.” Ren couldn’t nod: he was too confused by her actions. “I hate to see people die… no matter how bad they seem to be.” Fighting his own urge to tear into her mind and get the map, Ren found himself drawn to Rey, finally bringing a hand to her cheek. “Forget the map,” he said as his eyes searched her face. “I found something far more interesting.” Ren almost jumped at Rey, pressing his lips against hers hungrily. He had felt lust as a teenager and managed to take control of it through to adulthood, but never this strongly. Rey pushed against his black-clothed arms and realised all-too-late that he had planned this since releasing her. When his kiss left her mouth and trailed down her jaw he spun her so that she was sitting with her back against the wall, both of his knees between her thighs. Rey was about ready to scream as his lips sucked at her neck lightly, sending a pleasurable shiver down her spine to conquer the fear. A hand belonging to Rey absent-mindedly ran itself through his hair as he pushed the rough desert clothing past her shoulders, exposing more bare skin. A hand ran up her thigh and Rey searched for the sudden pause in motion. Looking down she realised that Ren was no longer moving his hand. It was stuck in place as if somebody had dumped a huge lump of snow outside Starkiller Base down the back of his neck. Rey grabbed a hold of his lightsabre and her concentration on him wavered, his arm snapping out to grab one of hers. “I can’t have you now but I swear I will one day.” Ren practically lifted Rey back into her restraints and purposely let his hand linger on her cheek. Rey swung her head away and he grinned, even as he stared her down to replace his mask. “I hope you had fun,” the deep voice teased. Rey wanted to slap the grin from his face but it was hopeless: he had put her under his spell. “Don’t count on it.” As Ren left the room a trooper called out to him. “Sir! The Supreme Leader requests your presence immediately.” Following orders (and the trooper) Ren left Rey, knowing full well that they would meet again. If he had anything to say about it… Some time later… Rey went soaring upward until she hit a short, thick limb in the trees above them. “Rey!” Fin’s scream echoed the one Ren had boiling up in his throat. In amongst the trees of the forest he saw Finn standing over Rey’s unconscious form. He didn’t want to throw her into the tree but he was so unbelievably angry that he had no other choice. The lightsabre and Rey were rightfully his. In a fit of rage which he had intended to aim at Rey for betraying his feelings, he forced it to sound as though he was talking to Finn. “TRAITOR!” Rey had just drifted completely into an unconscious state, oblivious to the fact that, when she woke, Ren would be pressing the business side of his lightsabre into Finn’s arm for the same reason. By the time she had left him waiting on the opposite side of a large, dipping crevice, Hux had come to rescue his sorry ass. Admittedly , Ren thought to himself with a hidden amusement, we might have quite a bit to discuss for once . THE END Notes: I am seriously considering giving this a reference or even using part of this story in another STAR WARS fic of mine called "Star Wars Episode 8: The Dark Truth" and I want some feedback if you have any :) *Have edited this for you all XD Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 2 of the Star Ships: Best Non-canon Couples of TV and Film series Next Work →