"It ain't me, it ain't me, I ain't no millionaire's son, no, no It ain't me, it ain't me, I ain't no fortunate one, no..." Hux woke slowly to the sound of the radio and his companions enthusiastic singing. His neck ached, his aviator shades had dug a groove into his scalp, his mouth felt like a carpet, and the sun was streaming through the trees at a steep angle. Clearly this wasn't midday, the time he'd specifically asked Kylo to wake him and pull over for food. His stomach growled. Yes, he's definitely missed lunch. Once again Kylo bloody Ren had gotten distracted by the radio and kept right on driving whilst Hux slept with the air con pointing directly at his face. No wonder he felt like shit. "Learn to fucking drive!!" Kylo was in form as always, leaning on the horn and waving a fist as he swerved. "It ain't me, it ain't..." Grabbing the now flat and disgusting diet coke from his cupholder Hux did his best to pour it straight down his throat. He wanted the benefit of the hydration without having to suffer the taste. Kylo glanced across at him and snorted, hands tapping out the beat on the steering wheel. The younger man's voice echoed slightly as he spoke directly into his mind. General Deepthroat demonstrates his skills once more. Without pausing in his task Hux gave him the middle finger. "Some folks inherit star spangled eyes Ooh, they send you down to war, Lord And when you ask 'em, "How much should we give?" Ooh, they only answer "More! More! More!" It ain't me..." "Do you even hear yourself?" Hux asked, running the back of his wrist over his mouth. "You are a senator's son and you are a millionaire's son. Hell, you're even a military son." "Yeah but I'm not like them, Hux," Kylo retorted, his expression sour. "I didn't give in to their parental expectations." "Fuck you." Hux said in a singsong voice. It was an old, well worn, and utterly pointless argument that they'd repeated at least once a week for the last three years. He fished in the back seat for his huge leather satchel as the sat nav directed them to leave the interstate. "You can do that later, General." Kylo said. "Unless you want to further demonstrate the skills you just used on that bottle?" "Oh yes, that'd look lovely on my death certificate. Major Donal Hux, 34, casualty of an automative collision. Cause of death- blunt force trauma from steering wheel exacerbated by choking on the penis of similarly deceased companion Ben 'Kylo Ren' Solo." Hux grumbled, turning fully in his seat as he struggled to catch hold of the bag's strap. "Yes I'm sure my stepmother would appreciate that. She still hasn't forgiven me for failing to end my military career on the high note of an heroic death, I'm sure dying with an eccentric ghost hunters cock in my mouth would finally give her the heart attack she so richly deserves." "It's more likely that you think." Kylo said in a dramatic tone as the radio rambled through the local weather report. "Ha!" Hux crowed, the bag finally captured and pulled onto his lap. Dragging his largest moleskine notebook from the bag he began flipping trough it for his notes on the current area. "Pffft. As if. You're not that well endowed." They'd only just left the interstate and already the road had become little more than two deserted lanes of winding woodland highway. Hux squinted at the approaching sign, sighed and dragged off his shades. It was far too dark under the trees to be wearing them now. "Fulton County?!" He read, perplexed, "where the fuck is Fulton County? It's not on the map. Ren where the fuck are we?" "I heard back from a friend of mine," Kylo said. "When you were asleep. She... Ah shit." He spat at the rear tires suddenly lost traction, spinning them across the thankfully empty highway and into a start of a gravel drive. "What the fuck was that?" Hux peered out of the windows. "Did you hit something?" "I dunno," Kylo moaned, pressing the heels of his hands against his eye sockets. "We passed the sign and... Fuck, I don't feel right. Dude, somethings not right." This wasn't entirely unusual. Generally it happened on roads much more remote than these when the engine would fail and the car's internal clock would lose time. In those cases they usually drifted gently to a stop rather than slewing across both lanes. Just as Hux unfastened his seatbelt to lean towards his companion he heard the sound of another engine, two in fact, though one was more distant. On a hunch he refastened his belt, an decision he was glad of when the Crown Victoria with Sheriff decals slowed to a halt beside them. "You boys ok?" The man inside the car was older, probably the same age as Donal's father, but he'd aged in that way that turned some men into steel and teak, grey hair perfectly coiffed over ears a little too large for him. Idly a part of Hux' mind wondered if Ren would be that kind of silver fox, assuming they lived that long. However, it was mostly drowned out by the rest of his mind which was shrieking 'wrong' at the man's presence. He exuded power in much the same way as Kylo did, but with far less balance. There was rage and spite in that face, mixed with the kind of care an Emperor might have for beloved yet expendable citizens. Hux found that he liked him, though he'd certainly never be foolish enough to trust him. "We're fine thank you...Officer..." He paused, unable to see any badge or insignia on the man's trench coat and button down shirt. The other engine sound was getting closer. "Sheriff." He said with a half smile. "Sheriff Lucas Buck. With a B. That's quite an accent you got there, you boys from New Zealand?" "No, Sir," Hux said, laying on the military precision, "I'm English. Major Donal Hux, with an H, formerly of the British Army, Paratrooper Regiment. My companion is Benjamin Organa Solo, from D.C." The Sheriff eyed the scarred and tattooed form of Kylo Ren suspiciously, clearly unconvinced that the long haired youth could be related to Defence Secretary Organa and her notorious playboy husband. It didn't help that Kylo was still rubbing at his eyes in a slightly suspicious manner. Hux was preparing to talk his way out of whatever trouble the lawman intended to invent for them, when the approaching engine noise resolved itself into a Harley Davidson ridden by possibly the tallest woman Hux had ever seen. Throwing up gravel against the black paintwork of Kylo's Plymouth Fury she swung to a halt between the two vehicles. The Sheriff looked displeased, like a schoolyard bully who'd just been spotted by the teacher. "Evening Ms Emory." "Good evening Lucas," the voice behind the helmet was much more refined than Hux had been expecting given her leather attire. "Are my friends causing you problems?" "I just thought I'd offer them a helping hand," Buck said, gesturing toward the fresh skid marks on the asphalt. Hux knew instantly that the man meant he's caused the situation, rather than having any intention to remedy it. No wonder Kylo felt unwell. He would dearly like to cross reference his notes right about now, but that was never a good idea in front of a subject. "They look fine to me, they didn't hit anything." The woman said, never actually turning her helmet away from the Sheriff. "They staying long?" He asked with a raised eyebrow, clearly losing interest fast now there was a witness. "We'll be in Alabama by Monday." Kylo nodded vigorously at this whilst Hux tipped his head once in agreement. "Good. See you around Ms Emory." He said. The car was peeling away into the gathering dusk before the sentence ended. "What a prick." The woman muttered as she pulled off her helmet to reveal a pleasant face with ivory eyelashes and full lips, all framed by the loose strands of a blond mohawk. "Hello Kylo, gonna introduce me to your friend?" "Hux, this is Captain Phasma, she served in... I dunno Iran or Afghanistan, wherever you were." Kylo waved a hand vaguely, the other still covering his eyes. "Phasma, this is General Deepthroat, he's the one with all the book learning." "Iraq." "Sand. Urgh. Whatever." The laugh Phasma let out at the blank, seething look that settled on Hux' face was surprisingly lyrical and would have been pleasant if it hadn't been directed at him. "It's Major Donal Hux actually, not General. I'm not going to comment on the rest of it." "I think you should take over driving until we come back over the county line, Major," Phasma said, looking in the direction the Crown Victoria had taken. "I should have warned Kylo, but it didn't occur to me that this place would affect him. Sorry. You can turn the sat nav off, it won't help you here anyway. Just follow me, ok?" "Thank you, Captain," Hux nodded as he climbed out of the car and walked around to the drivers side, leaning heavily on the hood as his knees objected to the sudden movement after so long. It was always odd to him how easily he slipped back into the formality of military address, even after three years. Kylo shifted over the passenger seat, shoving Hux' satchel and books out of the way of his excessively long legs, then leant his head against the door pillar. Hux watched him with concern for a moment as the younger man closed his eyes tight. There was a tap at the window. Nodding to Phasma he started the engine. "Carry on my wayward son!!" "I swear to god Kylo, I'm gonna smash this fucking radio." ----- The house was older than Hux had expected- some ostentatious wooden affair with a wrap around porch and a genuine swing. Kylo had claimed that, sprawled across it, all long limbs and arrogance, whilst Hux tried the relax in a wicker monstrosity that probably housed a million spiders. Phasma's brandy helped. Hux could never say no to free booze. It would be a problem if he ever took the time to acknowledge it. But he didn't, so it was added to the apparently endless list of things Kylo worried about but never addressed. "So, what's in Alabama?" Phasma asked, throwing a stack of pizza boxes onto the table between them and hopping up onto the railing to eat her own slice. "Some tiny nowhere town with a haunted cowshed." Kylo rumbled, taking a swig from his beer before rolling up two pizza slices and cramming them both into his mouth. "How delightful, Ren. Lovely." Hux sneered. "And it's not just a 'haunted cowshed'. It's an 'animals turning up dead and mutilated' problem with maybe a side of 'strangers going missing' thrown in. It's all just a jumble of internet rumours. Could be a few things." "This sounds more like a 'holy shit, leave it to the professionals' kinda problem." Phasma said with concern. "You know you're not actually FBI right? If people are going missing..." "I don't know that anyone is. It's mostly just reddit chatter about abandoned cars, no signs of violence." Hux shrugged, fastidiously peeling the pepperoni from his slice. "Silverhill is a really small town, if there was a genuine issue then it would have been noticed by now. I don't think we'll be in any danger." "... But just in case we thought we'd ask you to come with us since you're from that part of Alabama. A third set of eyes, some able-bodied muscle. We don't know anyone in the area so we figured a support crew might be a good idea." Kylo cut in. The break gave Hux the opportunity to eat his stack of pepperoni discs, ignoring Ren's exasperated eyeroll over his habits. Phasma agreed to this line of reasoning with a shrug. She'd be getting paid, there didn't seem to be any real danger, and it would be an excuse to get out of Trinity for a while. What more could she ask for? That settled the conversation turned to the reasons they'd each left their respective childhood homes, which for Donal and Phasma soon lead to them swapping literal war stories. It was an hour before they realised Kylo was asleep in the swing. They managed to rouse him enough to stagger up to the room Phasma had set up for them. It was nice, if a little old fashioned, except for one feature. "That's not a bed." Hux observed dryly. "That's a mattress on the floor." "Kylo broke the bed frame last time he visited, so I took the liberty of removing it in advance this time." "Whilst I see your reasoning," he replied, eying the impossibly massive torso of Kylo Ren as he shambled around the space, allegedly organising their bags but actually making a terrible mess. "These aren't my original knees. I can't sleep like that Phasma, I'm sorry." Phasma looked stricken for a moment. "No, you shouldn't be the sorry one. I assumed, I apologise. You guys take my room tonight and I'll get Ren to help me move the bed frame back in the morning when he's more human." "That might take a while." "Fuck you, Hux." "Please don't, not in my bed!" Chapter 2 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) There was a crow on the window ledge, staring at him with its creepy little eyes. Hux had never liked Corvids- he knew far too much to trust something that smart and inhuman. He made a sign in the air with his right hand. Nothing happened. Beside him Kylo rolled onto his back and began to snore. It was a noise that, given the man's generous nasal attributes, could easily wake the dead and yet the bird didn't move. It just kept right on staring. With a sigh Donal hauled himself out of Phasma's borrowed bed and crossed the room to slam the window shut. The crow blinked. Hux gave it the finger. The crow tipped its head. Standing on the sidewalk below, Lucas Buck leaned back against the pole of the street lamp and closed his eyes as the crow's vision was obscured by angrily drawn floral curtains. There were other ways to find out about these outsiders. The Hot Topic reject was unreadable, barely even registering as a mind in Buck's mental landscape, but the redhead was an open book. Even if that book was written in fancier words than the Sheriff usually had to deal with since Matt Crower's suicide. "Roll over you noisy bastard," Hux hissed as he settled back into the bed, shoving at Kylo's shoulder until he finally turned, snorting and grumbling. One massive hand caught Donal's own, pulling the smaller man firmly around his back like a blanket as he went. In the three years they'd been together Hux had never once admitted to preferring to be the big spoon. It was just a coincidence that he always fell asleep within a few breaths of settling into that position. ----- This was what he lived for, what he'd dreamed about every night since he was five years old and Grandpa Sheev had let him watch A Bridge Too Far one rainy Bank Holiday weekend. Cold desert wind whistling past his ears, the dark blanket of the countryside rising up towards his feet, the distant lights of towns and villages... The flash of a SAM being launched from a hamlet that intelligence had sworn was unoccupied. Time slowed. The roar of the rocket as it passed- far too close- rattled the Major's teeth in his skull. Above and behind him something detonated, raining burning shrapnel on the men it silhouetted, ruining the cover they'd hoped to gain with a nighttime drop. More lights, smaller this time, appeared around the roof of one building, the zip of bullets cutting the air a moment later. Concerned for his men, Hux twisted in his harness, trying to see if any had been injured by the weapons fire. He didn't notice the first bullet tearing through his 'shute. Or the second. The third he only noticed when it compromised the structure enough for it to fail and begin to collapse. Just as he reached for the cord to his reserve parachute, a second large light blossomed below. There was nothing he could do but instinctively turn his back when, seconds later, the SAM detonated far too close to him. His legs were an indistinct white hot mass of pain. The reserve wouldn't open. His primary parachute would not detach, the lines tangled, the crumpled mass of fabric spinning him dizzyingly through the air. The ground was approaching far too fast. He wouldn't have enough stability to roll into the landing. His legs took the majority of the impact and the pain took his consciousness. ----- It was still dark. How long had he been laying there? There were distant sounds of gun fire, somewhere away to the East. Indistinct shouts in Arabic and English. A man was watching him, perched on a rock. The man was naked. And made of fire. Hux could hear helicopters to the South. He tried to sit up but agony crackled up his sides as he struggled to move his legs. He was glad it was dark enough not to be able to see what kind of mess he was in, though of course the burning man added a wavering glow to the desert around him. Hux stared at the stars for a long moment. Wait. What? He turned his head to the side. Yep. That was a man. Made entirely of fire. Or maybe a fire in the shape of the man. With wings. He glanced down. Whoa. Definitely a man who should put some trousers on. Don't be ridiculous, his brain supplied in a faraway tone, they'd just catch light. Letting his eyes drift shut, Hux wondered if asbestos trousers would help. Back in the waking world Lucas frowned. He was looking for memories, not bizarre homosexual fantasies about well endowed human torches. Angrily he shoved at the dream, trying to nudge it towards Truth. Nothing changed. The man was speaking. It sounded like a wet log crackling and spitting on a bonfire but somehow Donal knew it was speech, even with his eyes closed. Mussily he tried to recite the stock phrases he'd learned in case he met any friendly locals. There was no point offending the man by assuming he was a hostile, Hux was incapacitated, if this being meant him ill surely he would have already acted. The creature just looked confused. Hux continued for a moment before he realised he was actually speaking Welsh. Head injury as well? He went back to staring at the stars. A hand waved in front of his face, trailing sparks. What did it want, seeing that they couldn't communicate? Why didn't it just leave him there? The hand returned again, this time holding up three fingers. Donal raised an eyebrow. "Ifrit don't grant wishes." He muttered, remembering an angry lecture he'd received in Afghanistan from a translator. More gestures he couldn't follow, a frantic flapping of fiery wings, and another crackling monologue. There was a lot of pointing, mostly at the ground just to the other side of the Major's head, where the remains of his parachute lay crumpled and useless. Gritting his teeth against the movement Hux reached and swept it aside. There was a broken vase with a bloody boot imprint across a line of text he couldn't read. Ah. Shit. Had he freed the being from some kind of bondage, or had he inadvertently made a blood oath? Again. He was too lightheaded to care very much. The pain in his legs was almost gone now, replaced by a bone deep coldness. He should sleep. If he was asleep he wouldn't notice the cold or the way the stars whirled above him. Sleep sounded like a good idea. The fingers were back, inches from his nose, demanding attention by searing his face through their sheer proximity. "I don't want to die here," Hux slurred, eyes still fighting to close. One finger folded against the burning palm. "I don't want anyone else to get injured or die retrieving me." Another digit bent, one finger remained. Hux thought for a moment, vision fading in waves. "Are any of my troops wounded?" A shake of the head, a cloud of sparks. "I... You keep it. Use it for yourself. What's the line from that Disney movie? 'Genie, I wish for your freedom!' Something like that." A rock caught him the side of head, forcing him to look at the shattered vase. Oh yeah. Already free. Also, not a djinn. Hux was far to tired to navigate the waters of the supernatural right now, he just wanted to sleep forever. Somehow the broken pieces of crockery spoke to him, though he didn't understand. "I don't want to be broken any more," he whispered, knowing full well that he didn't just mean his injuries, but not able to articulate what he actually meant. The sound of helicopters where growing closer. He let his eyes drift closed, giving into the pull of his exhaustion. There were only snatches of memory after that- a tattered, jarring patchwork of sounds and pain. Running boots. The sway of a stretcher. Voices muttering prays and curses. Another explosion, cheers of relief when the vehicle somehow remained unscathed. A long gap, then his father's voice, his commanding officer's voice, the engines of a plane, the pinch of needles, nothing. ----- Curling his lip, Lucas shoved again the redheads mind again, seeking to break the slow drift into REM sleep and maintain the dream. Hux rolled on to his back. Kylo followed, draping long limbs across the smaller man like some kind of codependent octopus. The dream continued. In the next room Phasma stirred, her own sleep disturbed. ----- "The amount of pills I'm taking, counteracts the booze I'm drinking and this vanity I'm breaking, lets me live my life like this and well I find it hard to stay..." Ah. So the ifrit had been a dream then, there had been no rescue, Hux had died in the desert, now he was in hell, and he had always suspected the choirs of the damned would sound exactly like Panic At The Chemical Fallout Boy... He opened his eyes. Not hell. A hospital. A close second then. Not a military hospital though, or even an NHS one, judging by the expensive furnishings and excellent upkeep of the two person room. Where the hell was he? He glanced down at himself, taking in the IV and the monitors, cables snaking everywhere. The sheets were held up off his legs by some kind of frame, he couldn't see the shape of them. His head swam with the familiar sick feeling of general anaesthetic. He couldn't really feel anything much right now, of any part of his body. Sadly his ears still worked and the music had not stopped. The other bed was occupied by... well... The least military man Hux had ever seen. He was huge, broad chested with unnecessary thick arms and a tapered waist. All of which was visible thanks to the man being shirtless, his hospital gown pooling at his waist. He was covered in tattoos, though Donal's eyes were still too tired to distinguish the designs. So far, not so different from the men Hux had shared barracks with for the last decade. But then there was the hair. They were in a hospital and yet the guy had still styled his hair into some ridiculous emo rats nest. With a side shave. He had stretches earlobes. And an eyebrow ring. There was a pair of $300 headphones around his neck and yet he was still listening to his godawful music through the tinny speakers of his iPhone. Sensing eyes on him the man turned to look at Hux. He was ethereal, bold features somehow balanced against a plush expressive mouth and shining eyes. There was a livid wound running from just above his left eyebrow all the way down to his right shoulder, bisecting a tattoo and coming close to one of the hazel eyes. The injury looked a few days old, beginning to heal around the stitches. Towards the shoulder there seemed to have been a more complex repair and some kind of drain poked out from under the layers of dressings. "You're awake." The voice was surprisingly deep. Somehow despite the man's size Hux had expected something softer. "Yes, well, I could hardly hope to be otherwise with that racket going on!" Hux tried to snap and failed, his words slurring together. Abruptly the man laughed, wincing slightly at the pull of healing flesh. Despite the momentary flash of pain his face almost glowed with his amusement. The volume increased. Groaning Donal gave him the finger, dragging one of his pillows across his face to block the noise. Christ what a prick, he thought, why did he have to be so bloody beautiful. "Aww you think I'm a beautiful prick? Wait til you see my cock!" The man crowed, laughing again in a way that made Hux wonder how many painmeds he was taking. Abruptly he slapped a hand over his mouth. He'd been thinking aloud. He'd actually, genuinely called the man a beautiful prick out loud . Quietly he prayed to God, Yog-Sothoth and the Goblin King to get him out of the situation. The door opened and a nurse bustled in to administer another sedative dose. Under its influence Hux, eternally thankful to whichever power had helped him, drifted off. ----- This time Lucas couldn't fight the pull of REM sleep and he'd learned next to nothing. He left the redhead's mind and turned towards his car. A window snapped open behind him. Glancing up he caught sight of Phasma's ghostly face watching him closely. There was rifle held casually in her hands. He gave her a sarcastic wave and climbed in the Crown Victoria. A glance at the dashboard told him it was 2am. Idly he wondered if Selena would still be awake. Well she should would be. He drove away. The crow launched itself at Phasma's open window. It took a well worn copy of Tipping The Velvet to the beak and dropped like a stone. A hardback edition of Sun Tzu followed soon after, landing amongst the well tended flowerbed with a wet crunch. Of course, when she retrieved the books a few minutes later there would be nothing there. Lucas was long gone into the night and his familiars would always follow after him. Notes: Please forgive Hux for his opinions of Kylo's musical tastes, the grumpy git has only just woken up and we all know he's not right without a coffee or four. Chapter 3 "There's no kettle... Kylo, there's no sodding kettle!" "So? Use the microwave!" Voices echoed up from the kitchen in the antisocial tones of men who's sleep cycles had come unmoored from the standards of decent human beings. Phasma pulled a pillow over her head. "The MICROWAVE? You disgusting pervert!" It didn't help muffle the noise in the slightest. She added a second. "I'll show you are a disgusting pervert..." "What does that even mea... mmfphh!" Nope. Not having Kylo Ren fucking someone in the kitchen again. It's nine in the morning. It's unsanitary. This was precisely why she hadn't invited him back in the last five years. With an exaggerated groan of exertion Phasma rolled off the mattress. Unfortunately she'd forgotten it wasn't on the nice high bedframe and landed in an undignified heap, her nose pressed to floorboards. She lay there a moment, eyes screwed shut, regretting her life choices. From the kitchen the sound of tinkling piano music began to play. "I love this song! Breakfast montage! Dance with me Hux!" Well, that was probably better than finding them semi-naked on a counter top... Unless it was a euphemism. Her eyes snapped open. Nope. Not going to risk it. She scrabbled herself upright and trotted towards the stairs, adjusting her Hufflepuff Quidditch Team tank top as she went. Ready 1-2-3 "You know I can't dance!" "I know you CAN, you're just too scared... I'll do all the heavy lifting, it'll be fine!" "What? No! Put me down!" Phasma moved a little faster at that, just in case. The smell of cooking bacon and hash browns was slowly drifting through the house, that had to be a good sign. The ballrooms packed with cokey girls Satin frocks and shining pearls Click my fingers ladies swoon The hottest dancer in the room Through the open double doors to the kitchen Phasma was relieved to see the two men actually dancing. Laughing quietly under his breath Ren span around the room, one hand pressed tight against Donal's back, the other caught in the redhead's white-knuckled grip. They were still in their sleepwear, Ren in nothing but Thai fisherman's trousers, Hux in tiny shorts and an ancient stretched out X-Files tee that must have once belonged to Ren, the neckline slipping to reveal one narrow, too thin shoulder. With a side step and a flourish Kylo dipped them low, pausing to press a kiss to the bridge of that freckled and imperious nose, before spinning them off again. I’m a bad boy – I need to dance, if you don’t dance no romance feel like dancing dance with me first dance is always free. Hux' face seemed to be at war with itself- fear, irritation, and fond amusement chased one another across his surprisingly mobile features. Although he'd seemed reasonably relaxed during the previous evening there had been a tension to his expression-lips and eyebrows rigidly controlled as if he feared giving too much away. Now, especially when Kylo dragged him closer to press kisses along his throat, all that evaporated, leaving him a very different looking man- joyful almost. The effect was only enhanced by the ginger scruff along his jawline. The pair rounded the central island of the kitchen. They still hadn't noticed Phasma watching, her head tipped in confusion now that she could see their feet. Kylo span Hux out and away from him, causing the slim man to shriek slightly, not expecting the sudden loss of support. As he pulled him back Ren's elbow caught the stack of pizza boxes from the night before, scattering them towards the floor. The boxes stopped. So did the dancing. "What the actual fuck?" Phasma breathed, too surprised to shout. She knew Kylo did wierd things, he was an exceedingly strange guy, but this, this was impossible. Turning towards her with an embarrassed blush that somehow spread from his face all the way down to his scarred knees, Hux bit his lip and stepped away from his partner to tend to the food. However, he didn't just step away. He also stepped down, a gesture that would have been missed by anyone not watching closely, or that hadn't already noticed the half inch gap between the soles of his feet and the floor. Staring at the hovering pizza boxes Phasma might have missed it herself if she weren't suddenly on high alert, slightly terrified by the odd goings on in her own home. Crouching slightly Kylo slid a hand under the bottom most box, plucking the whole stack out of the air and walking quickly out onto the porch, towards the trash and away from any inconvenient questions. The entire sequence couldn't have taken more than a second. A short enough span for the pair to plausibly deny everything Phasma had just seen as sleep-addled misperceptions. Well she wasn't going to stand for that, not in her own home. She stalked towards Hux, trying to ignore the food smell that was somehow so much more appetising that her own cooking, and opened her mouth to confront him. One thin hand held up the spatula in a silencing gesture, whilst the other shook the pan, rearranging the sizzling contents. "Yes, you saw what you saw. No, it's not normal. Yes, he can control it. Yes, it's instinctive too. No, I don't know what it is. No, he's never been tested. Why? Because the X Men aren't real and he doesn't want to spend the rest of his life in a shady testing facility somewhere in the Nevada desert. No, it doesn't hurt. Yes, it's kind of cute. No, it doesn't worry me. Did I miss anything?" Phasma blinked. Clearly this was a sore point. She considered her own life since she moved to Trinity. With a shrug she turned away, opening a high cupboard and fishing out a brushed metal kettle, the fancy kind with the multiple temperature settings. "Yeah you missed something." She said, stifling a contrived yawn. Why make someone more uncomfortable than they already were? "When's breakfast going to be done? I'm starving! Also, what kind of tea do you want?" Hux grinned at her gratefully. She didn't bother to look around as Kylo slunk quietly back into the kitchen, climbing graceless onto one of the bar stools to poke at the controls for the coffee machine. ----- Commissioned illustration by Sakurita94 on Tumblr ----- [Three years previously, First Order Hospital for Specialist Surgery] His legs were made entirely of fire. He could feel to the flames licking around the shattered bones and the pulp that had once been his muscles. It crackled and hissed and spat as it consumed the ruined mess the missile had left behind. He could smell his boots burning, his uniform burning, his skin, his tendons, his bone marrow, charring and twisting under the onslaught of this otherworldly conflagration. A handsome man leaned close, whispering words in his ear that he could not hope to understand. The language was the voice of the fire, all consuming. Everything it touched would be changed beyond recognition, stripped down to its innermost structure, then warped to his will. The man was naked, he wore a long leather coat, he was made of fire from his hovering feet to the tips of his wings, he was icy cold, his hands shone like the sun, his hands absorbed every photon of light, everywhere that he touched Donal burned and burned and burned. There were claws around his throat. There was a hand on his shoulder, shaking him awake. "Dude! Hey, Mister! Come on, man, wake up!" The voice sounded familiar, deep, sleep-addled, and slow. "You're projecting, man, I've got enough of my own pain to deal with! Come on, dude, get it together!" "It's Major, thankyouverymuch," Donal murmured between sleep and anaesthetic gummed lips. "I don't care, just keep the noise down," the voice huffed in a teasing tone. The hand patted awkwardly at his shoulder, the released him. "Do you hear that?" Opening his eyes Hux found himself staring at straggly black hair and the edge of a striking profile. His roommate was leaning over him but staring towards the door. Based on the low light levels in the room it must have been night still, or possibly early morning. A thin shaft of light came from the partially open door, cutting across the floor to highlight the man's eyes and the edge of his prominent nose. As Donal watched, the nervous tip of a pink tongue dragged across full lips. It was a very nice view. And temptingly close. The light vanished for a moment, interrupted by something passing the door. There was a snuffling noise. "Do you believe in werewolves?" The man asked quietly, slowly edging towards the door. Ah. So this was one of those wake-up-from-a-dream-but-you're-still-dreaming dreams then? Fine. "Yeah, of course." "What? Really?" That made the figure pause at the end of the bed. "This is usually the point when people call me mad or try to leave." Hux shrugged. "I met a woman once who'd lived as a pub cat for close to a decade. I don't believe in the lunar influence aspect, but I can't see any reason NOT to believe in lycanthropy." "I like you." In the dim light teeth sparkled in a wide grin. "You're different. I'm Kylo by the way." "Hux." "Major Sux? Wow, shit name. I'm so sorry." "You know what? I don't have to take this kind of abuse from my own subconscious, I don't care if it's wearing a gorgeous face, it isn't real. I'm going back to sleep, or rather, I'm going back to the previous layer of this dream. Sort out your own damn werewolf." "Wait, what?" Screwing his eyes shut Hux forced himself back towards sleep. He roused twice at the sound of scuffling and the heavy drag of furniture across floor tiles, but his brain was still full of opiates and he soon drifted off into unconsciousness. He woke to brilliant sunshine, shouting, and the sight of the TV cabinet blocking the only door. So they'd put him in room with a crazy person. He glanced at the other side of the room. The huge man was asleep across the end of bed, long limbs trailing in every direction, blood seeping from under the bandages around his shoulder. Yeah. Hux had no wish to wake him without an escape route. He'd have to sort out this mess himself. Sitting up he swung his legs out of bed and, resting against the mattress, he tottered three steps towards the door before he realised what he was doing. He looked down at his legs. The legs he knew he'd lost somewhere over Iraq. They were whole, and definitely his- he recognised the pattern of freckles and the selkie bite scar on his foot from that seaside accident when he was seven. Two long livid lines ran down his lower thighs, over his knees and down towards his shins, staples holding the skin together. Finally the pain hit him and he folded up. Hux did his best to fall sideways to avoid further damage to his mysterious legs, crashing into the sleeping form of the man who called himself Kylo. Kylo sat up with a snort. "... Dah fu..." From his awkward position on the floor Hux got a fine view of a leggings-wrapped arse and the chart hanging at the bottom of the bed. "Benjamin Organa-Solo". So not Kylo then. Had that been a dream? He shifted his head to stare at the TV cabinet. Probably not. A shaggy head peered down at him from the end of the bed. The idiot had reopened his face as well as his shoulder, dried trails of blood showing how his head had been angled during the night. "What are you doing on the floor?" In the corridor the shouting had grown louder. Someone was banging on the door. "Oh you know, I just fancied a change of scenery, it has absolutely nothing to do with the fact that you barricaded us in here like a lunatic from the the ABC Cafe! " A pair of slightly sculpted eyebrows shot up. Blood started to seep from one of them. "You know Les Mis?" "THAT WASN'T THE RELEVANT POINT IN THAT STATEMENT! MOVE THE BLOODY CABINET BEFORE SECURITY BREAKS DOWN THE DOOR!!" "Wow, no need to get pissy!" The strange man said, clambering down from the bed, watching his step as he made his way over Hux. When his eyes passed over the other man's legs he turned pale. "Oh shit, dude, your knees! Oh fuck! I'm so, so sorry!!" "Yes, fine, you're sorry. Just move that thing, and then help me up." Hux snapped as kylo shambled to the door, still trailing apologies. After a moment Donal remembered his manners. "Please." "Yeah, yeah, sure of course." The door opened and worried medical staff flooded the room. Two orderlies move Hux back to his bed in the end, Kylo too busy explaining about a man coming into their room the previous night to help. Despite his height, and his massive shoulders, he somehow contrived to look small as he spoke, sheepishly running the fingers of his left hand through his hair. The right hung limp at his side. The doctor appeared unswayed and seemed to be checking the young man's medical chart. In an uncharacteristic act of charity Hux sat up against the restraining hands of the orderlies and, in the voice he usually reserved for the parade ground, said, "he's telling the truth, someone did try to get in here. Several times. Not medical staff either." "Major Hux, you should be resting!" The doctor admonished, dismissing his actual words with a wave of his hand. "I have been given no information as to my current whereabouts. Or my medical status. The last thing I remember clearly is being shot at in an active war zone, and you think my response to your lax security should be to 'rest'?!" Hux threw all his father's authoritarian attitude into the speech, mimicking the Commandant's most disappointed tones. Beside the doctor Kylo shot him a relieved smile. "But Major..." "No. Don't you 'But Major' me!" Hux spat, exhausted and fighting down the pain in his legs. "Go and speak with your security team. And get someone in here to check that man's arm, before he loses the use of it!" The next few hours were spent dealing with their own maladies. Whilst Kylo- as he repeatedly insisted on being called- received the attentions of an angry surgeon and two physiotherapists, Hux finally got the chance to speak to an MoD rep who explained exactly how he'd come to be in a private hospital on the wrong continent. Very little of the explanation made sense. They spoke about the mysterious local who'd sent up the distress flare at precisely the right moment; the injuries that had looked far worse on the ground than they did once he was evacuated; the chance escape of his troops from the trap that should have slaughtered them all; the unnamed friend of Donal's father who'd offered to cover the transfer to the First Order Hospital. Hux was never entirely clear on why he was chosen to receive the advanced implants, but he was grateful to the ifrit that he had legs at all. It had to have been that creature who had put him back together, however that might have worked. Again he hoped that the terms of their inadvertent deal were now satisfied. He really didn't need another blood oath. Finally alone in his curtained off portion of the room Hux sighed and stared at the ceiling, idly flicking his fingertips along the edges of the physiotherapy guides he'd been given. The road to recovery would be a long one, but he wouldn't start walking down it until tomorrow. The other half of the room had been quiet for a while. He wondered if his roommate was even there. "Hux?" A voice whispered as if Kylo had read his mind. "Are you there?" "Yeah." The curtain separating their portions of the room pulls back. It was too far from the beds for either of them to reach, but it was a fancy private hospital, Hux reasoned, perhaps the mechanism was automatic. "Thanks, for earlier," Kylo mumbled, "I've... umm... Had some mental health issues in the past. Even if I hadn't said what it was in the corridor, they still wouldn't have believed me if you hadn't spoken up." Hux shrugged. Poor security was a genuine cause for concern. It would have needed addressing, though he really would have preferred a little less drama in the process. "How are you legs?" "Killing me." Hux finally turned his head to look at the occupant of the other bed. "And you? How's the arm?" "They don't know if I'll get the full use back." He said in a small voice, left hand tracing over the fingers of right. "I start physiotherapy tomorrow. It's gonna hurt." "Me too. We should be workout buddies." Hux suggested. The larger man snorted. "What?" "Have you ever been in a gym in your life?" "I'll have you know I've passed every physical test the Army has ever set for me," he said haughtily, "I just happen to be built for speed, not strength." He glanced down at his legs. "Well I was." "You look like you could get blown away by a strong wind!" "You're exceptionally rude, you know that right?" Kylo shrugged his uninjured shoulder. "Though I guess with a name like Major Sux you're the one doing the blowing." He cackled at his own joke. "Oh my sweet summer child you have no idea." Hux said with a smirk. Kylo nearly gave himself whiplash as he turned with a mildly astonished look. "Wait, what?" "Nothing. Nothing at all." Donal batted his innocent golden eyelashes. "Why don't you tell me all about your werewolf theory? Take my mind of my legs, hmm?" Hux might have thought twice before making that request if he'd had any idea of Kylo's unparalleled skill for talking endlessly about his interests. But his deep, earnest voice had charmed him, and it gave him an excuse to stare at the still shirtless young man. He fell asleep around the fourth hour, somewhere in the middle of a monologue on secret government research trains. That night he dreamt about nuzzling his face against warm, solid abdominal muscles whilst his hands massaged firm powerful thighs. He should have felt guilty for fantasising about a man he'd just met, but after the previous night he was just glad to be dreaming about a normal human being. In the next bed Kylo Ren lay awake for hours, blushing furiously and trying to ignore his body's response to his roommates unnecessarily loud mind. At least neither of them was worrying about their injuries any more. ----- "But why can't we go to Alabama today?!" Kylo whined, kicking at the edge of the curb as he trailed Phasma and Hux through Trinity's old fashioned shopping district. People were staring at him with that particular brand of mistrust that Kylo's size, attitude, scars,and fashion sense always seemed to generate. A fearful, mocking condescension, as if they assumed that such a childish man wouldn't know how to use his overgrown muscles but they couldn't be absolutely sure. The town felt old and slightly unreal- the sort of white picket fence fantasy that had never really existed outside of classic fiction. Hux did his best to keep pace with Phasma, feeling alien enough here that he was reassured by the sense of belonging she broadcast as she nodded to shopkeepers and pedestrians alike. "I told you- my truck is in the shop." "You can ride with us in the Fury!" "Kylo, I'm taller than you and your car is filled with crap, I won't fit," Phasma said, waving to a dour middle aged woman outside a vintage newspaper office. "And even if I could, I've seen your driving. Not happening. Besides, Silverhill is tiny, we might need to sleep in the truck bed." Behind her Kylo grumbled under his breath but didn't argue. "You said you had some advanced photographic equipment we could use?" Hux said loudly, trying to defuse the tension and cover some of the rude words his partner was mumbling towards the pavement. "Yeah, I lent the rig to Caleb, my... well it's complicated what we are... Anyway he's going meet us in that diner in an hour," she gestured towards a building that might have coming right out of Twin Peaks. "Meanwhile I'm going to get some things for my great-grandmother, she's from that area of Alabama and always happy to talk about the old days if you bribe her enough." "Urgh, you brought us all the way into town for old lady shopping?!" Kylo groaned, sounding more like a melodramatic fifteen year old than a grown man nearly twice that age. "There's a record store over there," Hux pointed out, "it looks like no ones touched it since the 1960s too." Kylo was almost hit by a car as he practically ran across the street to investigate. "Meet you at the diner in an hour then," Donal sighed to Phasma, trailing after his giant idiot. ----- The diner didn't sell cherry pie. But the coffee was good and the waitress was polite, for all that she couldn't understand a word Hux said. Kylo ended up ordering for him, laughing the entire time and messing up his requests just to watch his face settle into that twisting sneering scowl he did so well. He did stop before Donal's eyes turned icy blue though. Some limits should not be pushed. The headache from the day before was creeping back in at the edge of his senses. Orders placed and coffee in hand, Kylo turned towards the window, rubbing absently at his face. The Sheriff's Crown Victoria was parked across the road, a boy of less than ten years eating a popsicle in the front passenger seat. He glared at Kylo, the family resemblance immediately clear. Glancing around Ren spotted the Sheriff in a nearby store, chatting to the proprietor. He wondered if it was 'take your son to work' day or if the man had a habit of pulling his children out of school. "Hello, Ms Emory." If Kylo hadn't been looking at the Sheriff in that moment he'd have assumed he was standing by the table from the identical tone of voice. Turning his head he found a muscular young man of about Donal's age, wearing an ill fitting suit and a nervous expression. "Hello, Caleb, would you care to join us?" Phasma said in even but uninviting tones. "Oh no, thank you! Not... Not today, though I'd really appreciate if your accompany me to the office party next week." He stumbled over his words in his eagerness to get them out as quickly as possible. "Caleb, we've been over this..." "Please, Phasma, he's..." The man's mouth abruptly snapped shut and he held out the hessian shopping bag in his hands whilst suddenly staring at the floor. The three friends glanced towards the window. Sheriff Buck was leaning on the car roof, watching them. The boy was doing the same. For a moment Kylo felt himself dragged twenty years into the past by the dead eyed stare of the child in the car. He'd seen that look in the mirror at much the same age, when his parents had bought their new mansion with the ancient summer house. They'd insisted that Kylo host a slumber party in there while they hosted their own housewarming for all their political and business friends. Poe was the only one of the boys that attended that party who could still bear to speak to Kylo after what had happened there. He and Rey were the only ones who knew his family who ever spoke to him at all. Of course Rey had been nothing more than a hardly understood lump at the front of his aunt's dress when the incident happened. When he'd been handed his new cousin six months later Kylo had felt the connection between them and burned down the summer house the same night. That was the first time he got sent to anger management camp. It didn't work of course, he wasn't sorry, he was just protecting Rey from the horror he'd endured. The events that his parents had dismissed as childish imaginations. He'd never be free from the thing that had lurked in that building, but at least it would never touch her. He wondered what the boy in the car had seen. Beside him in the present Phasma agreed to go on a date with the loitering man. Surprised at the out of character behaviour of his lesbian friend Kylo looked up, accidentally looking Caleb in the eye. His headache returned a thousand fold, driving through the centre of his skull like a hail of bullets. With a groan he slapped his hands over his face, bending double over the table. He could hear Hux speaking but couldn't understand. He had to get away. With a slurred 'sorry', he turned and clambered over the back of the booth, practically running towards the restrooms. "Look Caleb, I'll be out of town for a while but we can talk about this more when we get back, ok?" Phasma said carefully, watching the fleeing man's back with concern. Dejectedly her suitor wandered out the diner without another word. Hux raised an eyebrow. "You don't want to know." She sighed. "Oh I think I do. That's not normal." "Which part?" "Oh Kylo's never normal," Hux said with a shrug, "I'm used to that. I mean the three generations of Creepy As Fuck out there." "Two, the little kid is Caleb's brother." "My point still stands Phasma, what the shit was that?" Glancing around the diner she shook her head, fluffing her short blonde hair. "Not here. I'll explain later. Let's just eat and get home yeah?" Hux nodded. "I'll retrieve our resident drama queen." The restrooms were blessedly deserted, with just Kylo's scuffed and chain bedecked boots visible under the end stall door. "You ok?" Donal asked, leaning back against the main door to maintain their privacy. "The normal number of souls in a human body is one... Plus the occasional infant..." "So?" He rolled his eyes. Kylo always had to be dramatic about this stuff, he could never said what he meant right away. "That guy had two and two... two bits!" Kylo wailed, his voice half muffled as if he had his head in his hands. "And I don't think the partial souls were human and they certainly shouldn't be in the same vessel, but one of them tallied up with something in Phasma and it was like spiritual feedback; like the worst noise you can possibly imagine but reverberating through your very being." "Kylo, calm down." "No. Sharn't." "Kylo, he's gone now." "He's still out there somewhere." "A lot of things are out there somewhere," Hux said, lightly banging his head back again the door in frustration. "You can't dwell on it, you'll go mad. I mean, every so often I remember that Bono exists but you just have to..." Kylo snorted, "fuck you, Hux." He sounded calmer at least. "We'll be gone in a day or two. And the sooner we eat, the sooner we can get back to the house. You were ok there, weren't you?" "Yeah." Nothing happened. Hux ran his hands through his hair with an exaggerated sigh. "Are you going to come out then?" "... Can I have waffles?" "I hate you so much, Kylo Ren." Chapter 4 [June 26th 2013, First Order Hospital for Specialist Surgery] Urgh. Scruff. The disapproving voices of a hundred superior officers echoed in Donal's ears as he scrubbed at his face. How long since the incident? Five days? And already well on his way to a full beard. He stared at his reflection with a critical eye. Despite the bruises and general tiredness it wasn't actually that bad. He looked older, and yet some how friendlier, the harsh lines of his habitually sour expression hidden behind warm red fuzz. That was a surprise. He hadn't tried to grow a beard since his university days, and that had been more hungover neglect rather than actual effort. Then he'd just looked foolish. Now. Well. It wasn't as if he even needed to shave. Regulations didn't apply to him anymore. That was a depressing thought. His routine had always been important to him, would it help him feel grounded if he shaved anyway? Hux leant heavily against the sink, trying to keep the weight off his knees, and glanced at his right hand. His fingers shook. Whether it was exhaustion, pain or emotion he didn't know. Better not to risk it. Let it grow. A knock at the door made him jump, air hissing between his teeth as pain blossomed up his legs. "You ok in there Major?" Kylo's deep voice rang out, worry creeping in at the edges. The turn took infinite care, shifting his feet inch by inch, one hand gripping the sink until his knuckles paled whilst the other threw open the lock. Kylo was leaning against the door frame, the fingers of his left hand gently flexing the ones on the right, compulsively testing the nerve responses. At the sight of Hux trembling with effort to stay standing he tried to raise an eyebrow and failed, teeth bared briefly in pain. "Dude,"he drawled, eyes judgementally flickering over the shorts clad figure as Hux stumbled to the waiting wheelchair, "I know they said you should get back on your feet as soon as possible, but I think they meant for you to do that in the therapy sessions. You know, where people can help you if you fall over? Not alone in a tiny bathroom where you could be trapped for hours before someone finds you!" "We've been here three days and you've spent a total of eight hours in front of that mirror." Hux said sourly, turning the wheelchair towards the door. "I doubt I'd have been waiting long. Besides, I needed a piss. It's not my fault they've mysteriously put me in a room with a narcissist and a non-accessible bog." The door to their shared room ricocheted off the wall as he threw it open with unnecessary force and wheeled himself out into the corridor. "Wow. Who crapped in your cereal this morning?" Kylo sounded just as irritated as he lopped along beside the chair, struggling to keep up with the redhead's pace. Despite his long legs he walked like he was at war with the floor, ever step more about force than distance. "You've no place judging me for over doing things when you moved that damn cabinet against the door again last night. What the bloody hell are you playing at?" "It came back. The werewolf." Hux stopped abruptly, the handle on the back of his chair digging viciously into Kylo's hip as he crashed into him. "What?" "Jesus, Hux, warn a guy." "What do you mean it came back?" "Someone tried the door again." "And what did you see?" "Something huge, tall and furry with clawed hands." Kylo said, vaguely gesturing with his left hand to indicate something close to seven feet tall. With a muttered apology Hux dragged him forward by the waistband of his sweats and out of the path of a gaggle of running nurses. Glancing around at the other occupants of the corridor Donal lowered his voice, hoping his companion would do the same. "Standing upright? Like a person?" "Yeah, sure." "Kylo, have you ever seen an actual werewolf?" Hux asked with a roll of his eyes. When the other man failed to answer beyond a slackjawwed stare, the Major sighed and began rolling down the corridor again, though this time at a more sensible pace. "We'll talk about this later ok? Let's just get therapy over with. Then I'm going to visit the security office. Then we'll talk about this." After a few yards he realised Kylo wasn't following him. He paused, peering back over his shoulder. "What?" "Are saying you have seen a real life werewolf?!" "I've seen things you people wouldn't believe..." He quoted with an irritated sigh. ----- It was impossible to pinpoint precisely where it all started. Somethings had simply always been a part of his life. "Imaginary friends" - that's what his mother had called them, in that worried but cheerful voice she'd always used when he said anything unusual. "Foolish daydreaming" had been his father's name for it. But grandpa Sheev? When Hux spoke to him- about the crying girl in the attic, or the terrifying thing in the basement, or the creature that caused all the fatal accidents at the sharp corner by the village pub? Well he just laughed and winked. He always seemed to know more than he was ever willing to say. The creature that really marked the turning point was the one Donal first encountered on Beltane, 1989, in an isolated part of the woodland on his grandfather's estate. A fast flowing stream had its source in a deep gully that had been an open mine centuries earlier. Some former owner of the land had seen fit to build a folly around it, to capture the water in an artificial pool. But the sides of the basin had cracked decades earlier, and the columns fallen into moss covered ruin. He loved that place. The soft green light and the gentle bubbling of water. It was quiet and peaceful, not like home with all its whispers and screams that no one else could hear. The stream was a lovely place. It had not needed the addition of pan flute music. Nothing in the universe needed the addition of pan flute music, certainly not from a shirtless man with alarmingly furry legs. But of course the BBC had shown their adaptation of The Lion, The Witch And The Wardrobe the previous Christmas, and that had featured a faun hadn't it? So this being, who sat and stared and never, ever approached him, must be just another "imaginary friend" like the others. He was no more real than Mr Tumnus and could be safely ignored. Just like all the others. And so Hux had. The creature was always there, but since he did no harm by simply existing in that space Donal saw not reason to try to get rid of him. Although his presence did make Hux increasingly uncomfortable as the boy aged- something about the faun seemed vaguely threatening and improper. But he couldn't put his finger on it and so he let it be. Finally, at fourteen, Hux has attended a special class at school about sexual harassment and that one nagging detail clicked into place. Ten hours later he drove the faun out of its grove with what had been be, on reflection from half a lifetime away, a rather embarrassing cocktail of holy water, garlic and silver shavings. Fauns are very beautiful. Fauns don't wear trousers. Fauns are very well endowed. Fauns really should wear trousers. Although this particular individual had made no moves on him whatsoever, the young Hux had been very certain that naked mythological creatures should not be loitering around teenage boys. So the creature had to go. Donal had been very proud of himself at the time. If an older, wiser and legally adult Hux-one who'd by then travelled far and wide and engaged in sexual acts with more supernatural species than most people have ever heard of- returned to the grove to apologise a decade later, well who could blame him? After all the creature was very beautiful. And very well endowed. ----- "What do you mean 'it's not a werewolf'? I saw it, man! It was seven feet tall! It had claws! It tried to get in and eat us whilst we slept!! How is that not a werewolf?!" Kylo asked as he paced in front of the hospital smoking a clove cigarette in the secretive fashion of someone who still expected to get caught by their mother. It was a warm, sunny day in June. Birds were singing, flowers were blooming, somewhere in the car park a radio was playing ' Scooby Snacks ' at an antisocial volume, and a woman in pink scrubs had just walked face first into a lamppost thanks to staring distractedly at Kylo's sculpted torso. In the shade of an awning Hux lounged in his wheelchair, legs stretched out in front of him, chin resting on one fist, determinedly not staring at the same spectacle as the man passed back and forth in front of him. Though he'd never admit it, one reason Kylo refused to stand still - beyond the rising irritation and agitation that always came with inaction- was the unshakeable impression that, seated as he was, Hux should have been wearing a crown. It was unsettling. He hated visions like that, the feeling that universes were bleeding into one another, it gave him a headache. "I've seen the video from the surveillance cameras," Hux explained casually, as if it was no feat of persuasion to get security to release that kind of information to a man wearing nothing but a hospital issued tank top and shorts. But an officious military tone could achieve wonders, when properly applied. "It was a seven foot biped, not a gigantic wolf or a dog standing on its hind legs. It moved with a human gait. Even if dogs could stand like that for extended periods they can't walk like us, their skeletal structure is all wrong. It might have had clawed hands but they were hands, not paws. Therefore not a werewolf. I mean, there's no evidence that it changes form, there's a good chance it isn't a were-anything." "Then how did it get into the hospital looking like that?" Kylo asked with a pointed finger, as if he'd found the flaw in Hux' argument. He shrugged, leaning back in his chair and trying to pretend that he wasn't enjoying the scent of clove smoke and cologne that Kylo's gesture had sent his way. "Service tunnels? The sewage system? I dunno, there are lots of options." "I don't really care what it is. I just want it to stay out of our room." Kylo said unconvincingly. "Come on then Major, use your military training, what do we do?" "We could start by asking what it wants?" ----- "So, that went well!" Kylo shouted as he ran half crouching down the dimly lit service tunnel under the hospital, pushing Hux ahead of him as the great shambling beast fought to fit through the narrow cable and pipe strewn space behind him. "Shut up and hang a left!" "I'm just saying, 'ask it what it wants' might be the best plan I've ever heard! It's up there with such greats as 'getting involved in a land war in Asia' and 'no Mr Bond I expect you to die'. It's genius..." " The other bloody left! For fucks sake shut up and run!" ----- They'd sat up that night, cutting back on pain meds and chugging coffees to stay as alert as possible. Hux took his black and strong, whilst Kylo favoured the ridiculous four thousand calorie cream-based concoctions from the kiosk in the lobby. He'd bought three. Donal was seriously concerned the man might spontaneously give himself a heart attack or go into hyperglycaemic shock if he drank all three. Instead he just became extremely annoying. "Hey, Major Sux?" "It's Hux." "What's your first name?" "Donal. Why?" "Well," Kylo said matter of factly, flipping his long perfectly straightened fringe away from his face and positioning his right hand so he could count on his fingers, "we're sharing a room, you think I'm hot, we're planning on fighting a werewolf together, aaaand I'm probably going to fuck you soon, so it seemed like the sort of thing I should know. Nice to meet you Donald, I'm Kylo Ren." He held his hand out a little awkwardly, the whole arm trembling at the effort whilst Hux just stared blankly at him, his face slowly turning beet red as his jaw hung open, working silently. Some vocal part of his brain was gleefully chanting he wants to fuck me whilst the part that had gotten him promoted to the position of youngest serving Major in British Army history was demanding to know who the fuck does he think he is . Finally, that one tiny sensible portion of his brain, the bit that had been dealing with non-Irish natives his entire life, took control and responded to the only dignified portion of Kylo's speech. "It's Donal. Dough-null. Like Tonal but with a D." "More on that later." "You are unbelievable." Kylo preened slightly, amused to have flustered the military man. Hux looked like he needed to smile more. Get the stick removed from his butt. Replace it with something more fun. "Well, you don't look like a Donal, Major Sux, so I'll just call you Hux." "And yet you look exactly like a Kylo Ren." Hux said, a little nastily, offended at the idea of not looking like his own name. "Which I note isn't the name on your chart." "Oh that's my mom's doing, they kept saying I'd embarrass the family name by being myself so I dropped it. Changed it legally. But I wasn't conscious when they brought me in, and Han is insisting on paying, so they won't change it." "Han?" Hux asked, raising an eyebrow. The answer was cut off by the sound of claws scrabbling at the door handle. ----- They'd chased the giant dog faced thing, whatever it was, through the hospital and down into the basement- Hux forced to split off to take the elevator down whilst Kylo thundered after the thing like a man possessed. He moved differently in pursuit, the energising effect of the chase making him graceful where before he'd been almost shambling. Donal had to force his own mind into a battle mentality just to stop himself getting distracted. They'd finally cornered it near the medical waste furnaces at half past five in the morning, only to realise that they were in a small enclosed space with an unknown creature and no conventional weapons. And no one knew where they were. Hux pressed on with the plan. "What do you want? Why do you keep trying to get into our room at night?" The sound that came out of the creature in response was something akin to a walrus in a garbage disposal. As they stared, at a loss as to how to proceed, one claw tipped arm whipped out towards Kylo, almost catching him in the face. They ran. Although Hux had paid careful attention to their route through the tunnels it was difficult to navigate the way out whilst being pushed by someone who insisted on griping in his ear the whole time. Passing down one of the better lit corridors he was horrified to see a door open and an elderly janitor peer out. Donal was struck by a sudden impression of being in a children's cartoon when the man, instead of ducking back to his room and closing the door, began to run after them. Now there was a screaming old man between them and the monster. Very not good. Fumbling in his shorts Hux managed to free his phone. "Siri! What time is sunrise in Washington DC?" "[Checking out the weather in Washington DistrictofColumbia UnitedStates... Sunrise will be at 5:42 today in Washington DistrictofColumbia UnitedStates.]" Twisting in his chair he tried to look around Kylo's bulk towards the man running breathlessly behind them. "What's the shortest route outside?" He shouted as Kylo pushed him back into the seat and a circuit box whizzed by right where his head had been. "Two rights and a left, there's a fire door!" Came the wheezing response. "Did you get that or do you need help with directions again?" Hux joking up at Kylo, too full of adrenaline to worry about the situation. He frowned as Kylo's face turned darker. "Just, just point where you want me to go!" The light of dawn was blinding as they burst through the double doors, Hux leaning forward in his chair to protect his knees. Kylo swung the chair to one side of the door out of the way. Turning he grabbed the janitor one handed and shoved him in the same direction. As the beast swarmed out of the door and into the light kylo squared up and delivered a devastating left hook to where the thing's head should have been. He missed. Because a bearded middle aged man stood there instead, naked and blinking in the rays of the sun. Moving on instinct Kylo adjusted his aim and punched him in the face instead. The man dropped like a stone. "What the fuck?" He muttered, poking at the body with a toe. Crouching down he pushed the man's long hair away from his face. "Uncle Chewie?" ----- How exactly does one explain why you were being pushed through restricted areas of a hospital by a shirtless fellow patient while being pursued by a then naked, now unconscious, friend of that patients family? With confidence, dignity, a straight face, and more bullshit than an Australia cattle station. ----- "Oh my god, oh my fucking GOD, I can't believe you did that!!" Kylo giggled as he slammed the door to their room shut behind them. "I can't believe you tried to have a one armed fist fight with a giant monster!" Hux laughed, pulling himself out of the chair and tottering towards his bed. Kylo squeezed a undignified squeak out of him as he reached down and hauled him up against his chest, his left arm wrapped under Donal's backside. "Jayzus fuck, you're strong!!" Kylo's eyes widened at the sudden burst of Irish accent. He grinned up at the man he was holding in the air. "That was amazing." "It was stupid." "It was wild!" "Idiotic!" "It was hot." Donal's eyes darkened as he licked his lips. "So fucking hot." Somehow the kiss took them both by surprise. Kylo gasped against Hux lips, his right arm carefully coming up to wrap around his back, not necessary for stability but suddenly needing to be as close to him as possible. Hux in turn sank his fingers into the artfully messy hair, the pad of his right thumb brushing across the fuzz of Kylo's side shave. He was a man rarely given to frivolity, he should have found the hair style ridiculous, instead the contrasting textures drew him in. That's what this creature was- contrasting textures that should never have worked together- muscles and eyeliner, tattoos and scars, deep voice and an infectious grin, horrible taste in music and a mouth that would get him into trouble one day, and that face, those eyes, those lips. None of this should have appealed to Hux, who's taste in humans had always run towards the sort of tweed covered men that looked liked they graduated from Oxbridge and owned horses. But perhaps that was the point. He'd always had far more varied tastes when it came to the more mysterious creatures lurking in the dark and hidden corners of the human world, and Kylo was so much more than human. Gently the edge of his bed nudged the back of his thighs. Kylo had carried them across the room so smoothly Hux hadn't priced the movement, he'd been too busy tracing the exact shape of his lips and recording the precise taste of his kisses. "Mmmmmmm, ow," kylo rumbled deep in his throat, trying to break the kiss with an affectionate forehead nuzzle that turned into a gasp of pain as it disturbed the half healed wound across his face. Slowly his right hand drifted down to stroke the crease between Donal's thighs and buttocks. "God, Hux, I really want to fuck you right now, but I guess I can't." "Humph," Hux muttered noncommittally as he raised an eyebrow and bent to kissing Kylo's neck, careful to keep his touches away from the livid line of healing flesh. "And you thought you were so clever calling me 'Major Sux'. Don't you know that the army is all about bringing out a soldiers skills and what's best in them?" "And what's best in you?" Kylo asked with a laugh, happy to deliver the terrible set up line. "Put me down on the bed and I'll show you." Deliberately Kylo allowed Hux to slide down his front towards the floor, using his right arm and the proximity of the bed to ensure that he felt the full effect of his hardness against his hip and stomach as he descended. Donal tipped his head back with a sigh as the friction from Kylo's abs sent a quiet thrill through his own groin. The angle of his head meant he didn't see the mischievous smile as Kylo watched him. The contact broke when he suddenly found himself back in Kylo's arms, carried bridal style this time, for just a moment before he was dropped onto the bed. Kylo flexed his right shoulder awkwardly as he watched Hux scrabble backwards, settling himself hurriedly against the pillows. When the redhead pointed at his leggings and trainers with a imperious "Off! Now!"something settled at the base of his spine at the command, radiating heat and tension through his limbs. He almost tripped in his rush to comply. It was hard to resist the urge to pose as he stood naked beside the bed. He knew he was impressive, not just the muscles he'd worked so hard on, but the natural benefits of his size. Most of his lovers had been surprised to find he was more than proportional. Hux merely quirked a corner of his mouth and beckoned him closer. One long slim hand ran along his flank, tracing one of the many lines of lyrics that curled across his skin. "You're beautiful, I need you to know that." Kylo reached out his own hand and stroked along Hux' jawline, nails scratching back through the red-gold stubble. "You're not bad yourself." "Narcissist." Hux laughed, dragging him forward into another kiss. "Get up here, knees on either side of my chest." Donal kept his hand on Kylo's hip, admiring the shift of his muscles as he clambered up to straddle him, fingertips flexing unconsciously against his skin, urging him closer. Once he'd settled over him, Hux ran his free hand down the length of Kylo's cock in one long slow movement, fingers dipped down to caress his balls and press against his perineum before his nails sank into one firm buttock. Kylo caught at the top of the headboard as Hux dragged him forward onto his knees, tongue flicking out to follow the same path as his fingers. Glancing down he met Donal's gaze through his sparkling golden eyelashes, groaning at the sight and sensation of his cock dragging across one stubbled cheek. Abruptly Hux changed direction, his wide wet tongue tracing up towards the head of his cock. Sighing Kylo pressed his right hand against his mouth, fingers flexing in an effort to form a fist as Hux grinned up at him. Keeping eye contact a moment longer Hux surged forward, taking in the whole of Kylo's length in one movement, his throat working around the head with shocking ease. "Fucking Christ!" Kylo hissed. Beneath him he felt the bed shake as Donal laughed around his cock, the vibrations dragging another gasp from the larger man and driving him to thrust forward. It shouldn't be possible to grin with a mouth so full but Hux managed it, rolling his eyes back in his head in something like bliss as his hands urged Kylo to thrust deeper. His tongue worked fitfully along the veins under Kylo's cock, his throat swallowing against the head as his face warmed to a sweet pink at the pressure. After a moment he drew back and put his tongue to work along the tip, lapping at the slit with relish. When Kylo dropped his hand from his mouth and ran it back through Donal's hair, he tipped his head into the touch, changing the angle and earning another sigh from the man above him. He soon had Kylo panting as he settled into his own tried and true rhythm, alternating between minutes of slow detailed worship with his tongue and a deep drive into his throat that had him seeing stars. Which was an improvement on the tattoo closest to Hux face, which seemed to show a mountain troll and some kind of cartoon character standing back to back. As Kylo thrust, mewling each time he hit the back of his throat, Hux sincere wished that whatever it was would stop jiggling and grinning at him with every flex of those massive hips. "It's a Totoro from Studio Ghibli," Kylo gasped, tightening his fingers into Donal's hair. Startled at the revelation that Kylo could actually read his mind Hux jolted, lightly closing his teeth around Kylo's cock. With a muffled roar Kylo dropped his other hand from the railing, dragging Hux' head hard against him as he came. Beneath him Hux arched and scrabbled against his hips, diligently swallowing everything he was given. "Shit," Kylo gasped, forcing himself back and away from Donal, who dropped his head back into the pillows and laughed. "Fuck, Hux, are y..." "You deserved that, you mind reading arsehole," he croaked, staring at the ceiling. Absently one hand detached from Kylo's shapely rear to rub at his own throat, the other chose to maintain its death grip on his hip. "What? The blow job of a lifetime featuring biting at just the right moment to make me think I'm going to ascend to heaven?" Kylo said, shakily running his hands through his hair." I don't know man, be careful or I might just decide to accidentally violate your privacy more often if this is how you punish me." "It's not an accident if you 'decide' to do it, Kylo. Which is it? Are you spying on me with your mind or just picking up random thoughts like a untuned radio? You let me think I'd propositioned you when I was out of my mind on opiates, that wasn't very nice." "I'm not spying on you," Kylo said softly, "you're just very loud sometimes. I can listen to you when I want to, intentionally I mean, but I don't want to, Hux, your mind is your own." With gentle fingers his left hand stroked along the bruising over his cheekbone, the damage from Iraq slowly starting to fade. Hux leaned into it, almost purring with contentment, a disappointed cry breaking free from his lips as the fingers were pulled away. "You didn't get off," Kylo continued, leaning back to press against the front of Donal's shorts. "Here, let me help you." "No. Don't." Hux said, his gravelly tone deliberately gentle, not annoyed but still insistent. Kylo frowned, his expression hurt, flexing his fingertips against the obvious hardness under his hand. "It's only fair. I thought you..." "Hey, shush," Donal said quickly, reaching down to catch Kylo's wrist with an awkward twist of his body. Once he's carefully pulled his hand free he brought it up to his mouth and placed a damp kiss against the massive palm. With a reassuring smile he continued a little breathlessly, "as much as I want to experience hands this impressive, and I really, really do, I'm full of morphine. It'd be an exercise in futility." "Are you sure? Not to blow my own horn or anything- because clearly that should be your job from now on- but I'm pretty good at this." Kylo smirked, his right hand drifting behind him to ghost uncertainly over the hip beneath him. "I've been on these meds before," Hux said, sitting up enough to reach around Kylo's back to grab the other hand. The change in position dragged a surprised sigh from the man above him as it trapped his still sensitive cock against Donal's chest. Smiling Hux pressed an apologetic kiss against his abs before he paused to nuzzle against the firm muscles and admire the beard burn he'd left across the top of Kylo's thighs. "It doesn't matter how good you are, you're just going to have to wait. Now, get off me." To emphasis his point, and because he simply couldn't resist, he pulled Kylo forward by the hands and twisted around to sink his teeth playfully into one tattoo'd buttock. "Okay! Okay!" Kylo gasped. The laugh he gave as he freed his arms was surprisingly light for a man with such a deep voice. Careful to avoid jostling his knees, Kylo swung one leg over the Major's body and hopped off the bed. It was awkward for him to pull his leggings back on with one hand, but it did afford Donal a rather nice view of his arse and the half moon imprints his fingernails had left on it. Dressed once more, Kylo stood hesitant in the space between their two beds, glancing surreptitiously back towards his own empty bed. Hux considered a moment. It was ridiculous to have gotten attached to this strange man so quickly. Three days in a hospital room together, both seriously injured, lives turned upside down and their blood filled with a cocktail of drugs. They'd saved a man's life tonight, maybe two. He was so beautiful. They'd moved together with such easy grace, despite their limitations. He felt so good. They'd both made promises of the future without even a second thought- 'from now on', 'you'll have to wait'. Whatever his life was going to look like from now on the Army wasn't going to be an active part of it, and what else did he have beyond that? Why not this bizarre creature? Decision made Hux shuffled a little stiffly to one side of the bed. The smile that twisted across Kylo's face was almost shy, as if he hadn't just had his cock down the redhead's throat. Grabbing a pillow from his bed Kylo clambered gingerly into the offered space. After a moment of fidgeting he arranged his right arm across Donal's chest and shifted his legs well back. Blinking languidly they stared in silence at one another, allowing postcoital drowsiness and one another's warmth to lull them in sleep. ----- Commissioned illustration by SinfulLucifer on Tumblr ----- "No, don't go into the summer house!" The scream jerked Donal awake, his mind instantly on high alert as the mountain of a man beside him sat bolt upright, shaking, one hand stretched out as if to halt someone who wasn't there. "Hey," Hux said, the soft drag of fingertips across the Icelandic tattoo at the base of his spine meant to remind Kylo that he was still there, either to reassure him after the nightmare or wake him from it. With a deep shuddering breath Kylo turned to stare at him, eyes dark and unfocused. "Kylo?" He snapped out if it as abruptly as he'd woken, the haunted look melting away as he pushed back to sit against the headboard. "Talk with me," Kylo said, in a voice rough with sleep, his face turned towards the ceiling. "I don't care what about, just, keep me awake." "Ok, I can do that." Settling into the pillows Hux reached up to run a fingertip along the bruises peeking from under Kylo's bandages. He searched for topics, mind blank as it always was when presented with such situations. Watching his finger trace across the marks of pain he found inspiration. "You know what happened to me, but how did you end up in here?" A huge hand enveloped his own, carefully lifting it away from the tender skin. When he tilted his head back down Kylo had an odd look on his face, a bizarre combination of embarrassment and pride, like he'd done something impressively stupid. “Have you ever seen a movie and thought, wow, I wonder if that’s actually possible?” Ah. So he had done something impressively stupid then. "Well, yeeesss," he said slowly, "that's the nature of special effects. But beyond doing things that I already KNEW were possible, like jumping out of a plane from a few thousand feet, which is usually safe," he laughed and vaguely gestured towards his legs, "I can't say I've ever felt compelled to try anything else. I suppose you did?" Grin widening slowly Kylo nodded. Hux sighed. "I know I'm going to regret asking, but which film?" "Pirates of the Caribbean." Yes, that facial expression was just all pride now. "Which one?" Kylo frowned, suddenly offended, and hissed as it disturbed his facial wounds. "There's only one Pirates of the Caribbean movie. They never made any sequels." "So what, you got on one of those tall ships and fell out of the rigging?" Hux asked, choosing to ignore the film snobbery for now. He'd quite liked the second movie- Tom Hollander in that uniform, very nice. "Nope. You'll never guess." Not much of a challenge- there only so many stupid things one person could possibly do. He tried to remember the plot of a film he hadn't seen in nearly a decade. Most of what he could recall about the first one involved Jack Davenport, and he hadn't really had any exciting stunts. Shifting slightly in the bed he peered up to study the other man more carefully. Most of his injuries were bandaged and hidden from view. No help there. Except the long linear scar cutting across his face, with its oddly cauterised edges... "Oh no. You..." In the face of such reckless stupidity Donal found it hard to string together an adequate sentence to express his incredulity. "How would you... WHY WOULD..." "My cousin Rey is studying for a Masters in Metallurgy." Kylo said, as if this explained everything. "And that somehow led to you having a sword fight in a forge?!" "Well, we've both taken martial arts since we're were toddlers, we know how to handle swords." "Kylo, no offence, but the fact that you're sitting here, in hospital , recovering from major surgery , sort of suggests that at least one of you doesn't know how to handle a RED HOT SWORD. What the actual fuck?" "It would have been fine if her damn rescue dog hadn't attacked me," came the huffed reply as Kylo folded his arms and stared resolutely away from Hux. Donal smiled slightly since the man had made the gesture fluidly with both arms. Clearly his wounded shoulder felt freer since that mornings chase through the hospital, or perhaps the Major's own efforts. "A dog did this?" "Stupid orange and white fuzzball called Bee-Bee." Kylo said, gesturing with one hand to give the idea of a Pomeranian sized dog. "Turns out it was rehomed because the kids at its last home liked to play at laserswords and hit it a few times. So it saw us in the forge and snapped. Knocked me down onto my sword," he touched his left shoulder, fingers shaking at the memory "then Rey fell on me with hers. She's only 110lbs but it was a sharp sword and momentum did the rest. I thought I'd lost my eye before I passed out. All because of a damn dog. I guess it didn't mean it though." Eyebrows raised in disbelief Hux stared opened mouthed at Kylo's bizarre assessment of the situation. "It's not as if it wasn't a stunt almost guaranteed to go wrong, I mean, why didn't you at least use iron bars rather than, you know, actual live swords ?" Finally looking down at him again Kylo wore an expression that strongly implied that the option had never occurred to him. Well, it's a good thing he's gorgeous, Hux thought, running one hand gently along the tattoo'd hip pressed against his side, cos he's dumb as a brick. "Hey!!" Oh yeah. The mind reading. Let me apologise. He thought as he adjusted the grip of his hand, urging Kylo closer. "Again? Seriously?" Kylo smirked, eagerly straddling the redheads chest. "I've know you three days, General Deepthroat, and you're already trying to kill me." Glancing up at him from under his thick golden eyelashes Hux grinned as he eased Kylo's leggings down again. "Whatever happened to 'Major Sux'?" "Oh, I figured you deserve a promotion." Chapter 5 Phasma stared in confusion at the jumble of various sized notebooks, scraps of paper, pens, and unidentified technical equipment spread across the dining table. How did one satchel contain so much stuff ? "So, how does this work?" She asked, picking up a notebook at random and turning it over in her hands. They all had numbers on the covers- some handwritten, some embossed depending on the quality of the book itself rather than the value of the number. The one she'd chosen was made of black leather with silver edging to the pages. It was significantly nicer than some of the others with torn or folded cardboard covers. The number on this cover was a large scrolling 69a. Opening it at random she found herself facing a colour photograph of Kylo Ren. It was a very good, high definition photograph taken in excellent lighting. Sadly he hadn't chosen to wear clothes for this particular picture. She snapped the book shut and blinked rapidly to try to clear the image from her mind. Glancing up from organising the mess Donal suddenly noticed the particular volume in her hands and, flushing deep red, carefully tugged it from her fingers. "Sorry, that one is ummm... private." He muttered, not meeting her eye as it was stuffed unceremoniously back into the bag. "You have a notebook dedicated to your boyfriend? Or just to porn?" Her laugh was a little forced but he seemed to appreciate the attempt at levity to break up the embarrassment. "I have ten actually, on Kylo I mean." Hux said with a shrug. "He's... lets say he's unique . I've got a system of twenty different classifications for note taking purposes and he doesn't really fit into any of them. He has powers that are neither magical nor spiritual, he's human but he can do things on instinct that would normally be beyond all but the most learned esoteric scholars- he's endlessly fascinating. Since I get to interact with him on a daily basis it seems like a waste not to try to understand him. Maybe one day I can help him feel more settled in his body. Maybe I can help him cure the elements that cause him distress. Or maybe we'll just publish the whole thing as a work of fiction and retire to a tropical island on the proceeds." This time the laugh was genuine. "He's my husband by the way, not my boyfriend." He wriggled his left hand as he finally settled on a notebook and started hunting for pens. Phasma squinted at his hand, confused. "Is that a plastic cereal box prize?" Following her gaze Donal flexed his fingers, a little nonplussed. Admittedly it was made of slightly glittery rubber but it usually fooled people from that distance. "It's a safety ring, for craftsmen and engineers and other people who don't want to find out what 'degloving' is the hard way." He paused, considering. "Don't... don't Google that by the way. We spend a lot of time climbing in and out of derelict buildings. It's practical. Kylo has a tattoo.... we have proper rings too, for special occasions," He added defensively, "like dealing with his mother." "Hey, sorry, I didn't mean to offend, it just seemed odd. I am sorry I missed the wedding though, I can't actually imagine the Organa-Solos at the kind of wedding Kylo would have!" Donal grinned at that, his face glowing with a slightly malicious light. "Oh they didn't come, it was just us and four other people in Vegas. We kept it small because we'd picked a date when we knew they'd be out of the country on official business. I didn't want them to show up and spoil it for him. Leia was livid." Returning the smile Phasma offered him her fist. After an awkwardly long pause he bumped it. "Anyway, back to your question- I'll ask you some questions about Trinity, you just tell me what you know, what you might suspect, any other weird goings on- anything that comes to mind really. For now I'll just write it down short hand, then I can expand on it and come back to it later." Out of the remaining books on the table he tossed her a blue composition book that seemed to have been dropped in muddy water then dried out. The crinkled pages made a disconcerting noise as it flew through the air. Phasma caught it between finger and thumb. "If it helps this has some really basic notes from last year if you want to get a vague idea of what I'm doing. It varies so much from situation to situation anyway." She didn't particularly want to handle it but turned to the first page anyway. Temporary Notebook 22 : Scotland, June-July 2015 Transcribe to- Main Notes 12 - Mortals - Water-Based - Non-Sentient Main Notes 4c - Hauntings - Religious Main Notes 69f - Kylo Ren - Behaviour - Interaction With Other Species Loch Maree - 27 June 2015 British Isles in midst of heat wave. Local population in panic as usual. National shortage on air conditioning/fans. Our room in the Bed & Breakfast is like the fourth level of hell. Can barely sleep. Owner insisted only twin rooms available. Suspect homophobic prick [NOTE- leave One Star TripAdvisor review]. Damn near impossible to fit both of us in a single bed- Kylo solved this by having me sleep on his chest. Surprisingly comfortable. But very sweaty. Despite maintaining rigorous sunscreen routine, Kylo has managed to achieve a deep tan. Bastard. Certainly highlights his muscle definition. Sexy bastard. Did I mention smug. His many scars do not tan, making them more pronounced. Had expected negative reaction from locals. Instead subject has been accepted as an honorary Scot. Despite my own colouring I am treated with the suspicion due to an Englishman. This is not helped by Kylo revealing that I am in fact Irish to anyone who listens. I fear as an American he vastly overestimates the camaraderie between countries. Also I know nothing about football and do not wish to argue about Celtic vs Rangers. Journey to Loch Maree uneventful. Am still doing all the driving as Kylo seems incapable of remembering to drive on the correct side of the road. Suspect this is a ruse. Arrived at Loch and immediately eaten alive by midges. Kylo as usual immune. Boat hire uneventful. Subject is insufferable [NOTE- contact divorce lawyer/psychiatrist ] . Despite average water temp of 6c (42f) Kylo insisted on skinny dipping on the basis that "it is summer". Pointed out that summer in Scotland is not known for its nude bathing. Kylo insisted. Submersion in cold water has the same physiological affect on Kylo Ren's genitalia as 'normal' human beings. Unlike a normal person Kylo took it upon himself to try to 'beat' these affects by taking himself in hand. [NOTE: buy a new tape measure, the existing one has been irreparably sullied] . I have no idea if he was successful as I was too busy Googling local Indecent Exposure laws. Muc-sheilche is real and has made a friend in Kylo Ren! Eel-like creature. Single central eye with vertical rather than horizontal eyelids. Pale pink in colour [NOTE: check date range against White Wyrm myth] approx 12 metres (40 feet) in length. Cephalopod like suckers along both flanks [NOTE: measure sucker marks on Kylo's thighs for more accurate estimation of animal's size] . Creature surfaced due to intense interest in Kylo's penis. Not clear whether it believed it was a potential mate or a juvenile in need of assistance. Held Kylo in the shallow portion of the Loch for nearly 45 minutes whilst it presented his anatomy with a selection of fish and water birds in various states of pre-consumption. Was ultimately disturbed by a passing speedboat before Kylo was freed long enough to return to our own boat. Creature then attempted to join us. Once we left the water it followed us along the bank for half a mile before the path moved far enough inland to lose sight of it. Investigation of haunted hermitage of Maol Rubha and adjacent wish/holy tree suspended until Kylo recovers from the affects of being held in 6c water for 45 minutes without adequate clothing, or in fact any clothing. Should feel no sympathy as subject brought this upon himself, but his skill at the 'puppy dog eyes' expression is almost supernatural. Have stocked up on hot chocolate and warm blankets. Subject insists on watching High School Musical marathon, for medicinal reasons. I fear my sanity might not survive. "Well... That's certainly something." Phasma said. The notebook was thrown back to Donal with an discomforted twist of her lips. "Did that really happen? With the eel?" "Yup. We never did manage to get to the island with the hermitage, that poor love-struck creature was too determined to grab Kylo so we had to give in. Anyway," he said, changing the subject with a smile. he leant forward, pen poised eagerly above a new, and thankfully clean, notebook. "Tell me about Trinity." ----- It was about balance, or so her great-grandmother had said. Not the balance between good and evil, those convenient titles that humans all to often applied when they wanted to absolve themselves of responsibility or more conveniently separate 'us' from 'them'. To say 'that man is just evil' was to wilfully ignore the social reasons for his actions and pretend that normal human beings could never do something so wrong as commit murder or take part in genocide. Evil is nebulous, a snake in the garden, an outside influence that can be pointed to after the fact. It isn't a person, just like us, someone who sits down to dinner, raises their children, pays their taxes. It isn't someone we know well, who we see every week- a neighbour, a pastor, a sheriff. No this wasn't about good versus evil, this was the balance between something real and properly human tied up in the influence of the supernatural. Someone had made a deal with forces they couldn't understand, and they'd wrapped it up in fancy language over time but ultimately it came down to balance. A balance between the caring and indifferent. The large scale and the small. Two families destined to represent the two sides of the scale - the Bucks, a solid linear line of single births, usually male and always representing a callous focus on the bigger picture; and Phasma's own massive sprawling family, lacking a unifying name thanks to the misfortune of usually being female, and always representing a concern for the downtrodden individual. Two families doomed to come together in every generation - at best through marriage, and at worst through forced breeding - to battle for control and influence over the town as a whole. Her great-grandmother, Lillian Emory, had always known there was a chance that she'd be pulled into the supernatural dance that kept Trinity spinning along in its oddly prosperous condition. Trinity had never been famous, or wealthy, not by any national measure. But by local standards it was unusually fortunate. It was less effected by national economics; far fewer of its citizens ever got called up in the draft; epidemic diseases just passed it by. Born in 1917 she should have reached adulthood in a society struggling under the weight of the Great Depression, but Trinity sat relatively unaffected thanks to the otherworldly deals made with the spirits of the land centuries before when the settlement was first formalised. Deals she heard about in frightened furtive whispers as her own mother tried to prepare or protect her daughters. There was no telling which member of the family would be chosen to carry the curse in each generation and Lillian's sisters and cousins seemed resigned to their potential fates. The only Buck son at that time was training for the Ministry and most considered him a stern but respectable marriage prospect. Of course he could be cruel, but the family was wealthy and there would be no contest on the inheritance. What kind of woman wouldn't want to marry such a man in times of such widespread hardship? Lillian was that kind of woman. She looked for an escape like a storybook hero looks for buried treasure. She found it in a smile and the scent of hair pomade. When a charming Irish outsider passed through the town on his way to Georgia she fell into his bed without a second thought. Anything was better than a Buck, and Bryan did have the most perfect attributes. When he'd inevitably moved on she'd followed him, sneaking over the county line in the cover of darkness, determined to make a better life that the fate Trinity had to offer. He'd unexpectedly died soon after, before she could join him, and without ever knowing about the triplets she'd carried- but he'd freed her from Trinity's influence and that was enough. She'd gone to New York and created a history for herself. A beloved husband, "Bryan Emory", tragically lost too young, too soon. Three children to be raised alone. Against the odds she'd prospered, the Irish community of that city closing into help one of its own. Or so they'd thought. A decade later she'd married a returning war veteran and moved to Alabama, rejoicing that all her children and grandchild were male. She'd wept the day Phasma was born. Of course once she was grown, Phasma had done her best to educate the older woman. She had countered her horror stories of the town that didn't even appear on maps with feminist theory, with logic, with refutations of the gender binary, with her own teenaged realisations about her sexuality. Lillian had only shaken her head sadly and lit candles every day with prayers that her little Phae not be drawn to the town's influence. At sixteen she'd been woken to the news that a cousin she'd never met - Gail Emory - had travelled from Charleston to Trinity. She was free from the curse. Another had been chosen. Irritated she'd rolled over and gone back to sleep. From there Phasma had gotten on with her life without ever thinking of Trinity again. She went to college; joined the army; had a few secret affairs; broken hearts and had hers broken in return; received an honourable discharge and- after a few years of nomadic travelling where she'd first met Kylo Ren- she'd finally settled into a relatively normal civilian life as a personal trainer in Atlanta. The dreams had started on Lammastide in 2013. Soon she was no longer sleeping because every time she closed her eyes the streets of an unfamiliar town were passing beneath her feet, crows' wings battered against her face and a voice murmured terrible things in her ear. Two weeks after the first dream she woke to the ringtone of her phone, shrill over the roar of her pick-up's engine. She was already half way out of the state on the I20, barefoot and wearing only her pyjamas. It had been all she could do to keep the F-150 on the road in the shock of finding herself sleep driving . The call had been from Lillian, the 97 year old shouting over the nursing home orderlies that she done her best to warn Phasma but now there was nothing she could do but try to take control of her own situation. Trinity would lure her back in her sleep if she did not go there of her own accord. But she could at least go with her eyes wide open and her truck filled with ammo. ----- "Wow." Hux breathed, staring at the pages in front of him as Phasma's story petered out. "That's a lot more complicated than our usual 'people say this house is haunted' or 'I saw a weird thing in the woods, maybe it was Bigfoot'." From the entrance hall the telephone rang, breaking the atmosphere. "It gets worse." Phasma said as she stretched and strode out of the room to answer the call. "Worse? There's more?!" "Hang on. Hello? Oh, hi T.J. What do you mean the trucks not going to be fixed until next week? It was nearly done when I called you this morning... The brake lines? The Sheriff told you to check them... uh-huh. Ok T.J. just fix it as fast as you can. Thanks." The click of the receiver was unexpectedly loud in the silence of the house. A few seconds later there was a crash. Leaning sideways in his chair Donal could just see that Phasma had kicked over the entire console table. Biting his tongue he decided to say nothing. He saw enough of Kylo's frustrated outbursts to know he couldn't help. Her face was as pale as her hair when she finally returned and leaned against the doorjamb. "Major," she said with military precision, "you need to wake Kylo. I think the Fury might have been tampered with. I'm not sure we're going anywhere." Chapter 6 Notes: There's quite a bit of smut in this chapter. Please check the tags if you need to before continuing [June 27th 2013, First Order Hospital for Specialist Surgery] "Please, don't tell your dad about this." The tall man said, more to his shoes than to Kylo. They'd passed the whole thing off as an adverse reaction to allergy meds and a pack of stray dogs hiding in the basement. It was pure bullshit, anyone with an ounce of sense could have seen that, but as Hux had discovered at an early age- most human beings locked their common sense in a cupboard the instant they were faced with anything unusual. Kylo rolled his eyes."What do you think I'm gonna tell Han- 'Uncle Chewie is a werewolf?'" "Therianthrope." Donal corrected absently as he took notes on the incongruous figure standing sheepishly between the hospital beds. It was a habit he'd developed as a child, a way to keep track of his endless parade of 'imaginary friends'. Now it was a compulsion, these things were real and someone should know the truth of them. Just over seven feet, bearded, and balding, Peter 'Chewie' Chewbecca dressed like an accountant who wanted to be a lumberjack. He certainly didn't look like either the kind of guy who turned into a giant monster or the sort to be involved in Han Solo's less than legal business dealings back in the late seventies. Apparently they'd met in Laos, flying god-knew-what in and out of Hong Kong. Kylo hadn't known the details and Donal had learned enough from his grandfather not to pry into such things. Solo was respectable now, married to one of the most successful women in the country. A woman with organisations worse than the CIA at her fingertips if need be. He wouldn't ask and no one would feel the need to shoot him for doing so. "Whatever," Kylo snapped, "If I told Han that he'd have me tested again, why would I risk it?" "I didn't mean that," Chewie continued, "though I would appreciate the discretion. I mean- please don't tell your father you saw me. I'm supposed to be undercover, if your mom found out your dad was having me spy on you... I could lose my job, Ben, please." "Kylo." Both younger men said together. "Sorry, sorry Kylo I forgot. Please, don't tell anyone you saw me, please?" "What I don't understand," Donal said, circling something in his notes, "is why you would take on a job at a time when you can't keep your form stable? Surely that's incredibly risky." "I..." The man rubbed his head clearly uncomfortable. His feet started to shuffle him towards the door, apparently of their own volition. "I don't know why I change. It's not lunar or anything, it just happens. Look, I don't want to talk about this and the longer I stay in here the more likely I am to be seen. I'll not come back, I'll just make up reports for your dad okay Kylo? Don't do anything rash and no one needs to know, okay?" Donal turned to Kylo and raised an eyebrow. Kylo shrugged his left shoulder. "Fine, sure, I won't mention this to Han." Chewbacca was out the door before Kylo had even finished the sentence. ----- Finn hated hospitals. Always had done, ever since he was small. But the back injury that ended his active military career and led him to an embassy-linked MoD job had solidified that hatred into a solid ball of distaste that rolled around his stomach as he approached the foyer of the First Order surgical hospital. He didn't particularly want to go in. He'd much rather head back to work and do some mindnumbing overtime that walk into that antiseptic-smelling place. But Major Hux, who'd only been a Captain then, had visited him multiple times throughout his recovery. His own sense of personal honour told him to return the favour. It was strange that Hux had ended up in D.C. at all, rather than going to a European hospital. The email he'd received from their mutual friend Thanisson had said it was his father's doing. It had taken some political wrangling for the wealthy Commandant to get his son the best possible care, which was admirable, but it also meant Donal had no local visitors or support network. If the injury was as severe as Thanisson had suggested then Finn knew he'd need help coping with what would probably be the end of his career. Finn had been there himself, it was a hard road. Joining the short line at the information desk Finn's train of thought was derailed by the charming man talking to one of the receptionists in front of him. He looked vaguely familiar and Finn wondered if he'd worked with one of the man's relatives. He certainly hadn't worked with him- he'd have remembered the very nice backside just visible beneath the expensive brown leather jacket. "Nooo... We don't have a Kai-low Ren regist... Oh wait, I have a Ben Organa-Solo with a secondary name listed as Kilo Ren, is that him?" Finn winced with the stranger at the mangling of the name. He dealt with that enough himself to be vaguely offended on the patient's behalf. Organa-Solo though? Would that be the Defence Secretary's often gossiped about but rarely seen son? Obviously Finn didn't have the rank to attend many of the social events she frequented but he'd heard enough talk from the embassy staff to know that Ben was something of a legendary black sleep in the old political family circles. "Room 713a. Take that elevator there to the seventh floor, turn right, then second left, then right again. It's at the end of the corridor." "Thank you very much, ma'am!" The stranger said with a bright smile that made Finn's heart do strange things in his chest. A second later the man bestowed the same smile on him as he passed and Finn almost forgot to take his place at the desk. "Hello, I'm here to visit Major Donal Hux," Finn said with a smile, continuing quickly when the woman frowned at either the name or the London accent. He was glad he was still in uniform, Americans always seemed to be more polite when he wore it. "That's D-O-N-A-L H-U-X." "Yes, Sir. Room 713a. Take that eleva..." "That's okay, I heard the directions, thank you!!" He said, already turning to hurry after the other man. Fortune was smiling on him and he'd be damned if he turned aside. "Hold the elevator!!" There was that smile again followed by a full body once over that had Finn blushing as he hurried across the tiles. The elevator felt surprisingly small as the doors shut on the two of them, the enclosed space seeming to highlight the smooth cologne and warmth radiating from the stranger's body. "Which floor?" Finn blinked, realising he was staring open mouthed. "Seven, please, we're uh going to the same room actually." "Really?! Wow, you don't look like one of Kylo's usual friends..." The stranger paused, eyes wide as if realising he'd said something inappropriate. "I mean with the uniform. He's not that fond of the military, handsome guys are totally his usual... I am going to stop now and start over. Hi, I'm Poe Dameron, nice to meet you." "Hello, Poe, good to meet you." Finn said, recognising the surname from various contacts at the Department of Defence. "I'm Sergeant Finn Adegboyega. I'm afraid I don't know anyone Kylo though- I'm actually here to visit my former commanding officer. I guess they must be sharing a room." "Huh, it was supposed to be a private room..." The ding of the elevator reaching their floor interrupted Poe's train of thought. "Maybe the receptionist got the room number wrong," Finn said with a grin, waving the other man to go ahead of him, "let's go on an adventure to find out." Finn was finding it incredibly easy to settle into a friendly banter with his new acquaintance. He still didn't know a lot of people here so he was glad of the chance to make a new friend and, if the heated looks were anything to go by, this was the kind of new friend that might become a boyfriend quite quickly. He crossed his fingers in his pocket. Poe snorted. "If this place is as badly signposted as most hospitals it'll either be an adventure or a trial... Oh never mind, here we are!" "Shockingly easy!" Finn said dramatically as the other man presented the room number with a flourish. Without knocking, Poe opened the door and stopped mid-movement in shock. Finn had to step to one side to see around his frame and into the room. He soon regretted it, though it took him a moment to decipher the tangle of limbs on the bed in front of them. Eyes wide, he placed a hand gently over Poe's on the door handle and gently eased it shut. "I uh..." He said quietly, blinking hard to clear the after images, "I guess that was Kylo with the uh..." "Tattoos... Yeah, they're pretty distinctive..." Poe replied, in a similarly horrified tone. "I haven't seen them from that angle before... kinda... upside down like that... Was your guy here for knee surgery?" "Oh yeah, that was Donal alright. He's ginger." "Yeaaaaah I noticed." Poe sighed. "Well I suppose I don't need to worry about Kylo being lonely then..." "And here I was thinking that not knowing anyone would hold him back..." They shared a solemn look for a long moment then collapsed giggling onto each other's shoulder, hands pressed against their own mouths to stifle the noise. "I can't believe we just saw them... Just... Right there in a fucking hospital bed, next to an unlocked door.... Just.... For fucks sake..." "Well," Poe said wiping his eyes, "it probably wasn't a 'fucking hospital bed' before, but it is now..." The giggling resumed. At the end of the corridor a nurse paused to give them a glare and tutted disapprovingly as she walked away. A little sheepish, the pair straightened their clothes and endeavoured to look serious. If Poe took an extra minute to make sure the shoulders of Finn's uniform were smooth, the soldier made no objection. "Look I could use a drink right about now," Poe said, taking his elbow to lead him away, "how about you and me grab a coffee and let's uh, give those two an hour to finish up. Then we can try again? And hopefully not get another eyeful..." "Sure," Finn smiled, "I'd like that." Five hours later, when the hospital's coffee shop closed for the night, Poe and Finn realised they never had gotten to see their respective patients. But they'd still be in the hospital tomorrow, so maybe right now Poe should take Finn out to dinner. And then maybe Finn should take Poe home. In a room on the seventh floor two exhausted but blissfully sated men shared a narrow hospital bed and slept on unaware that they'd inadvertently started someone else's romance. ----- "So... You're being discharged tomorrow?" Kylo asked. He was oddly subdued and quiet. It was midday but his hair was still a tangled, flattened mess of bedhead for the first time since they'd met a month earlier. "Yeah. You are too, aren't you?" Donal said, one eye watching him with concern whilst the other scrolled through the messages on his phone. It had been a surprise, he'd expected at least a week to prepare. The situation wasn't looking good. "Where will you be staying? With a friend or..." They didn't really talk about their families but, considering what he knew of Kylo's history, there probably wasn't much hope of him just moving back home to be cared for whilst he completed his physical therapy. Donal himself didn't know where he was supposed to go. He had to stay in the area for months of further treatment but his MoD contact hadn't been able to find him anywhere to stay. He wasn't supposed to be alone, so a hotel wasn't practical but the only other person he knew was Finn and he only had an attic studio with far too many narrow stairs to reach it. "I'm going back to my apartment." "On your own?" "I... I can manage." Kylo muttered defiantly. "What about you?" "I don't have anywhere. I've just been hoping something would come up at the last minute close enough to wherever you're going but so far there's nothing at all... I don't suppose your apartment has two bedrooms..." He paused, hopeful. From his seat on the opposite bed he saw Kylo's eyes light up. ----- "You didn't mention stairs." Hux said the next day, his tone distinctly unimpressed. "It's not far," Kylo murmured, pressing his face against Donal's cheek and running his left hand down his ass. "We can do it! See?!" Hux shrieked as Kylo hoisted him bodily up against his hip and practically ran up the five flights of stairs. "What the fuck, Kylo?!" He gasped when he was finally deposited on the fifth floor landing, Kylo resting his face against his neck and panting heavily between giggles. That should not have been possible, it was some kind of Worlds Stongest Man Contest level of endurance. Of course Donal was thin, most would say too thin, but he was over six feet tall and probably still weighed more than 160lbs. Running up five flights of stairs carrying that much in one hand. Not normal. Impressive though. "Don't say you're not impressed," Kylo said against his neck, warm tongue slipping out to trace one of the stress-taut tendons. "This is usually the point when people cling to me and swoon while their underwear sprouts wings and flies away." Donal narrowed his eyes. Less impressive if he used it on other conquests. "You left the suitcases downstairs." He said, pushing him back with his fingertips against temptingly firm pecs. "They've probably been stolen by now." Smirking Kylo sketched a bow. "Stay there, I shall return momentarily." As he watched the huge man parkour his way back down the stairs Donal wondered why he could never seem to meet normal people. After two minutes, when the sound of footsteps failed to return to the stairwell, he began to worry that the bags really had been stolen. Behind him a door clicked open. "This way," Kylo beckoned, an elevator door sliding closed in the corridor behind him. Why did he always end up with guys with a penchant for the dramatic? ----- "So, when I asked you if it was a two bedroom apartment you didn't feel it necessary to point out that the second bedroom didn't actually contain a bed?" Hux asked, staring around mildly perturbed by the sheer volume of junk in the room in front of him. It looked like a musical instrument store had crash landed into the sort of secret society meeting hall that HP Lovecraft might have written about if he'd ever taken hallucinogenics. There were actual collections of paper scraps stuck to the walls and linked with coloured string. Hux had never seen the like of it outside a Hollywood movie. "Well, I have a king-size and we've been sharing a single person hospital bed for weeks now." Kylo said, picking sadly at the doorframe. "It didn't occur to me that you'd want to go back to sleeping on your own..." Donal gaped at him. " I don't want to do that, Hux..." Kylo continued in a small voice. "Oh Jesus, Kylo no," he said, catching the the bigger man's face between his hands and turning him to look him in the eye. The scar had healed now, still red and shiny but no longer at risk of reopening. Donal ran a thumb across it soothingly as he continued. "I just wanted somewhere to put my stuff, a space for myself. Even when I was expecting to have to live elsewhere I was still going to try to find a way to spend my nights with you. I swear." Kylo smiled, a little shakily. "Besides," he said with a coy smile, "you really should at least buy me dinner before you try to get me into your bed. I'm not that easy you know!" "Sure thing, General," Kylo said with a mock salute. ----- "Thank you, Mr Ren," the delivery boy said handing over the bag of food and accepting a roll of bills that he didn't bother to check. "Ma was getting worried about you, it's good to see you home again. You'll have to come into the restaurant though, tell her what happened to your face." Donal frowned as Kylo carried their dinner towards the dining table. "You're not buying drugs are you?" "Why?" Kylo asked without looking at him. "Would that be a problem?" "Yes, yes it would. Mostly for you since that guy had a fox's tail. You could be getting anything if you're buying from a trickst..." "Then it's a good thing I'm just paying for a months worth of meals in advance then isn't it?" Kylo said, finally meeting Hux' eye with a look of disappointment. "Drunk me tends to be unable to find his wallet. Ma took pity on me. So now I pay a set amount and she doesn't bother running a tab. John's a good kid, he's doing his best with what nature gave him. Don't judge him just because he's a Kitsune." Nodding slightly Donal had the decency to look contrite. "Sorry. Force of habit. How do you know about that but you've never seen a werewolf?" "Does central D.C. look like prime wildlife habitat?" "Good point. We should travel a bit. When we don't have appointments I mean. To aid our recovery. See what else is hiding out there." Kylo looked thoughtful as he finished unpacking the food and lead them out onto the balcony. The views across the city were stunning, far better than Hux had been expecting. Their hospital window had shown them only the courtyard and other windows, and all Kylo's smoke breaks had been at ground level. He'd almost forgotten where they were until now. Leaning comfortably against the chest high railings and each other's shoulders they ate at a leisurely pace, Kylo pausing now and then to point out the various sights and historical buildings, the tourist traps and the best bars. Every location had a story. Usually wildly exaggerated and utterly hilarious, each tale was accompanied by dramatic hand gestures that morphed into gentle touches. It felt a little like Kylo was trying to convince himself that Hux was really there. Subtly Hux moved closer to reassure him. The weather was warm, a muggy August evening, but Kylo was warmer and somehow so welcome where his heat radiated through the cotton of Donal's shirt. He felt content, relaxed in a way that hadn't been possible during active service. It was the sort of feeling he got just after he stepped out of a plane, the total freedom of the void, nothing but the wind rushing through his hair and the anticipation of finally pulling the cord. He never took risks with his parachute, he wasn't inclined to see how low he could get before he deployed it but the temptation was always there. Somehow being with Ren felt like being permanently in freefall, thrilling but oddly comforting since the ground never seemed to get any closer. Donal was beginning to think that perhaps he'd never really been in love before and this was what everyone else felt like. He was wasn't sure if he should be concerned. When the sun dipped low enough to paint the sky in orange, gold, pink and purple Donal looked up to find Kylo staring at him with a soft smile. "I knew you'd look amazing out here at sunset; this light is perfect for your hair." He said fondly, bringing a blush to Hux' cheeks. "Much better than the fluorescent lights in the hospital. It made you look too stern and barely half alive. Now you look like the God of Wildfires, glowing like that, gold dusting your cheek bones every time you blink." As he spoke he slipped an arm around Donal's back, his massive hand dwarfing the curve of his shoulder joint for a moment before his fingers drifted downward. Hux shivered slightly as gentle fingertips traced the curve of his spine to rest against the line of his belt. "Ummm thanks," Donal replied, unaccustomed to receiving poetic compliments on his appearance and not entirely sure how to respond. Glancing down at his hands he noticed the banner tied to the outside of the balcony rails and decided to change the subject. "If you like the sunsets here why have you got this up? It must block a lot of the light into the living room?" It was a wide banner that obscured almost all the railing in front of them. Blood red with a hexagon and circle design Hux had never seen before, it reminded him of the sort of flag some tinpot dictator might have in an eighties spy film. Perhaps Ren imagined himself as a Bond villain. Ren glanced back into the living room for a moment, his thumb rubbing idly back and forth along the waistband of of Donal's jeans. "This time of year the sun reflects off the tiles during the day and makes it harder to train. Besides," he continued with an impish grin, "it lets me do this without anyone noticing." "Do wh..." Hux began before he cut himself off with a gasp. Kylo had plunged his entire hand into his underwear, the blunt thickness of his middle finger already stroking insistently along the crevice of his backside. "Jayzus fuck, Kylo !" He groaned. "I've been wanting to do this since that first time," Kylo murmured, pressing close to Donal's side, his lips against his ear as his other hand fiddled uncertainly with the buckle of Hux' belt. "Can I? Please?" "What? Fuck me?" "Mhmm." "Right here?" Hux sighed, his head tipping to rest against Kylo's forehead. "Yeah, right here with the sun on your face, lighting up your hair like its witchfire." Kylo said, his voice still low and so thick with want that Donal thought he might agree to anything if he asked. "You look so beautiful with my cock down your throat, but now I want to hear you. I want to see what you look like when I take you apart." Hux whined in his throat, fingers of one hand holding the balcony in a white-knuckled grip whilst the other scrabbled to help Kylo open his belt. Awkwardly Kylo pushed his jeans and boxers down to Donal's toes, trailing his fingertips along pale freckled thighs finally free from bruises. His hand felt impossibly hot as he pressed it flat against the golden treasure trail decorating the slight curve of his belly. The studs of his belts were cold as Kylo pressed close against Donal's back, pushing his questing hand more firmly against his ass. His middle fingertip drew slow firm circles around the pucker of muscle while his other fingers eased his cheeks apart. "Lube!" Hux hissed, both hands back on the railing, frowning slightly at the dry touch against such a sensitive area. He felt Kylo grin against his hair as the hand on his stomach raised, palm-up towards his chest. Just when he began to wonder if Kylo expected him to spit into his palm a breeze passed his ear. Kylo snatched two objects out of the air, opening his fingers to display the bottle of lube and foil wrapped condom. Sighing through gritted teeth Hux tipped his eyes upward in exasperation. "Telekinesis? You have telekinesis and you're using it summon lubricant?!" "Oh I can do other things with it," kylo said with a laugh, stepping back slightly pour a trickle of cool liquid along the crack of Donal's ass, his fingers eagerly working it around his hole. Behind him Hux could hear the slight clink and rustle of belt buckles and jean buttons opening but Kylo didn't expand on his statement. He knew he'd regret asking but the curiosity was maddening and the slow slide of the first finger breaching him felt too good. He needed a distraction if he was going to last and getting Kylo to talk about himself seemed like a good option. "Like wh..." He began, again cutting himself off with another gasp. Kylo's warm flesh and blood hand had returned to its position against his stomach. He could feel the heat of the well lubed fingers working into him and the latex covered glans resting delicately against the small of his back. So what exactly was caressing his rapidly swelling cock with long, slow, torturously firm strokes? Kylo was pressed against his back now, chest solid against his shoulder blades as Donal tipped his head back exposing his throat to soft trailing kisses. The hand behind him shifted and somehow a third thick finger entered him. He hadn't even noticed the second, everything felt too good. Scissoring wider the fingers twisted, brushing his prostate and he almost shouted, biting his lips hard to keep from coming from this alone. "Kylo, please, hurry up and fuck me, I can't last like this, please, it's been too long." The grip on his cock slipped down to tighten at the base of his shaft, helping to hold him back as Kylo eased his fingers free and nudged the head of his cock against Donal's twitching hole. Hux' eyes widened apprehensively. He'd had that cock down his throat more times than he could counts but his gag reflex was something he worked on regularly. Whereas it had been an almost embarrassingly long time since he'd last bottomed for anyone, let alone anyone with Kylo's length and girth. Both of Kylo's hands were on his stomach now, running continuous soothing lines down his front as he slowly pressed forward. As the head of kylo's cock breached the ring of muscles Hux dropped his hands from the rail to twine their fingers together. He was panting at the burn of the intrusion and the soft gasps ruffling his hair under Kylo's mouth, is head tipped back and eyelids fluttering. "Fuck, you look so goddamn beautiful," Kylo groaned, pushing up onto his toes to drive himself inward with aching slowness. By the time he was only half way seated Hux was trembling in his arms. Carefully Kylo untangled their left fingers, manoeuvring their hands so Donal's palm was pressed hard against his own stomach. "Ready?" He asked. His weight shifted slightly as he twisted to better see Hux' face. Donal groaned, teeth bared as he breathed deeply, easing back a little further onto Kylo's cock. "Yeah." "Sure?" "Fuck me properly or I swear I'm going to kill you." Chuckling softly Kylo surged forward, sinking balls deep in on last thrust, not so hard that it hurt but enough to drag a litany of swear words from Donal's lips. Holding himself fully seated Kylo pressed down on Donal's hand, running it in tight circles. Hux' eyes flew open as he realised he could feel the head of Kylo's cock inside him. He knew he was thin and Kylo was pretty well endowed but... Suspicious, he turned his head to look Kylo in the eye. After a second or two Kylo sniggered and the sensation vanished. "Telekinesis again?" "Yeah." "You basically have a superpower and you're using it for sex tricks?" "Yeah." Kylo said with a smug grin, drawing slowly out and thrusting back in as the gentle caresses along his cock began again. "You're gonna last longer now though, right?" "I fucking doubt it." Hux gasped. The pace Kylo was setting was languorous and gentle, his movements so subtle that anyone seeing them from the road below would just see two boyfriends swaying as they cuddled, pausing occasionally to kiss while they watched the sky slowly turn purple and indigo. Every thrust dragged lazily over Donal's prostate making his toes curl. The phantom hand on his cock was keeping a rhythm just off enough to hold his orgasm at bay. It was torture. It was brilliant. The sun had disappeared below the horizon and the stars were fighting to shine through the light pollution of the city when Kylo finally began to quicken his thrusts, bringing the rhythm of his hips into time with the stimulation across Donal's cock. They were both soaked in sweat, fingers ghosting across slick hips and thighs, pulling one another closer with every gasping movement. Kylo's hair was slicked to his face as he kissed along Hux' throat and up to his ear. One of the huge hands on the redheads stomach unexpectedly shifted, sliding down his treasure trail to grip his cock backhanded, his thumb massaging along the vein underneath, brushing balls that tightened instantly at the contact. "Fuck, I love you." Donal sighed unable to resist any longer, dropping his own hand down to cover Kylo's and catch the come that pulsed into his palm. Behind him Kylo tensed, pressing in deep as his cock jerked and spasmed, a whispered litany of "Hux, Hux, Hux" against Donal's throat as he reached his own climax. They stayed like that for a minute or two, Hux fighting to stay upright, Kylo's persistent erection twitching inside him as his own cock slowly softened in Kylo's gentle grip. Hux considered licking away the cold sticky mess in his hand rather than going to wash up, just to prolong the contact further but without the sun the temperature was falling. He shivered, leaning back against the sweat-cooled mass of Kylo's chest. Inside him he felt Kylo's cock jump at the movement, inexplicably filling out rather than softening. His own cock gave a tired twitch in response. Kylo laughed quietly, squeezing his fist for a moment before easing back to let his cock slip free. Suddenly unsteady on his feet, Donal turned to lean his back against the railing. He watched open mouthed as Kylo carefully slid the condom free of his still very much erect cock. Watching the hands tying off the latex sheath he could see that he'd definitely come, so how was he still so hard? Noticing his focus Kylo blushed and looked away, clearly embarrassed. "Sorry, this happens sometimes..." "Can you still... go again?" Donal asked, licking his lips as he stared, fascinated. Unconsciously he began to stroke his come smeared fingers over his own cock. "Right away I mean? It doesn't hurt does it?" Kylo looked up, his eyes halting at Hux' hand before it finally travelled up to meet his eye. He held his gaze as he moved closer. "No," Kylo said. His approach was almost predatory, his hands matching Donal's pace along his own cock. "It doesn't hurt. Most people are too sensitive to want it again so soon." "I'm not most people." "No." "Well, you brought me dinner so maybe now you should take me to bed?" Three steps closed the gap and suddenly Kylo's fingers were in his hair, dragging him into a desperate kiss. By the time he pulled back again they were both struggling to breathe. "You know, I think I love you too, Hux." ----- On a dark desert highway, cool wind in my hair Warm smell of colitas, rising up through the air Up ahead in the distance, I saw a shimmering light My head grew heavy and my sight grew dim I had to stop for the night Hux sang to himself as he staggered to the coffeemaker, desperate to get some caffeine in his system before he began the day. Well, the afternoon. He'd had an amazing evening, and the first really excellent night's sleep since he'd woken up in the hospital but now he needed coffee, and food, and to go shopping so he had more than one change of clothes. His father had shipped him more but the courier service had lost it. So here he was in a pair of Kylo's shorts with the waist band knotted to keep them on his skinny hips. Dignified. There was a cough behind him. He surprised himself with how calmly he turned. If anyone had done this to him at the barracks, or in the first few weeks of hospital stay he'd probably have attacked. He hated people sneaking up on him and it wasn't Kylo because he'd have seen him leaving the bedroom. A tiny older woman stood in the centre of the living room, dressed in an expensive Dior suit and flanked by two men whose entire appearance screamed 'government security agents'. They had guns under their jackets. Hux placed his hands wide on the counter behind him. "Who are you?" The woman asked. She had a smoke roughened voice and an air of authority, cold but not outright hostile. Not yet. "You're in my flat," Hux said with a half repressed sneer, "so I could ask the same, but I can guess. You're Leia Organa. My name is Major Donal Hux, British Army Parachute Regiment. Your contacts at the Ministry of Defence or the British Embassy can confirm my identity." "And why are you here?" Donal narrowed his eyes. Because I'm fucking your son. He thought. Because I'm pretty sure I'm in love with him. Because I was in the bed next to him for a month and he's was going to be left alone without support. As you'd know if you'd visited him even once during his recovery. He was never at his best before his coffee and he resented being ambushed in his own home in someone else's pants. He couldn't be trusted with this. "Kylo!" He called over his shoulder, "you have some visitors! At least two of them are armed so don't take your time!" "Ben?!" The woman yelled in the same direction. That set Hux' teeth on edge. " Kylo , now please." He added, stressing the name before he turned back to her. "I was his roommate at First Order and now I'm living here so we can support one another's recovery. I will be paying rent if that's your concern." "My concern is a stranger giving my son access to prescription medications." "Prescrip..." Hux saw red. Other than the brief moment of suspicion the day before, he'd never seen or heard any serious indication that Kylo abused any narcotics. He rarely even took his pain medication. "Any drugs in this flat are medications either he or I need, because they were prescribed by the highly qualified surgeons at First Order. Madame, I have served in Her Majesty's Armed Forces for over a decade, my father is Commandant at Sandhurst and my grandfather served alongside Winston Churchill himself. I would never do anything to bring dishonour to the country I serve or to my family name and I will ask you never to make that kind of baseless accusation again." A massive hand gripped his shoulder gently, grounding him before he went any further. Glancing to the side he sighed with relief that the other man had managed to find some loose trousers. He'd left him sleeping and 'borrowed' his underwear, he'd been mildly worried that a sleep addled Kylo would wandered out naked. Hux needn't have worried- Kylo looked wide awake and absolutely livid. "Why are you in here?" He demanded of his mother, casually handing Hux his jeans. There was no dignified way for him to put them on though so he let them hang at his side whilst he watched the unfolding train wreck. "I wanted to see how you were, Ben! Can't a mother do that? And I pay the rent for this place, I don't see why I can't..." "You heard Donal- he's paying rent now and since you only pay some of it, unasked, you can stop now, and you can leave." "Ben!" "No, mommy. We agreed you wouldn't come here without an invitation and I wouldn't show up at the house unannounced. Neutral ground, you agreed." He voice cracked then, and Hux edged closer. "I was in the hospital for a month, mommy, you could have visited any time you wanted." "Ben, I was busy! I was out of the c..." "I watch the news, mommy, I saw your press conferences. The hospital is twenty minutes from the Wh..." "Ben, affairs of sta..." "Secretary Organa," Hux said calmly, stepping in front of the huge man who was now trembling bodily. "Please. Leave. I'll arrange for some time this week for you to reconnect with your son somewhere neutral, once he's actually settled. He's been through a traumatic time and showing up here with armed men is not helping. Please. Leave. Now." Hux didn't bother to watch Leia exit trailed by her guards. He had Kylo's sobbing form bundled against his shoulder before the door even closed. And to think his morning had been going so well. Chapter 7 Notes: I've been writing some short stories for the month long Huxloween challenge. Many of them are set in this verse and you can find on my AO3 profile under the "Huxurious Halloween" series. However this new chapter is to fulfil the 'Day 9: Haunted House' prompt. Please read the tag if you have any triggers. Hux was having a good morning. He wouldn’t have expected to given the events of the day before. After Leia had left Kylo had cried for nearly three hours, unwilling to talk about the issue, just sitting on the couch with tears silently running down his face. Donal hadn’t pushed it. He had a world of family issues all his own, and the heat of the moment wasn’t necessarily the best time to start unpacking Kylo’s history. He knew the basics of course - only child of a politician and a scoundrel made “good”, for a given value of good. The internet had all kinds of dark hints about Han Solo and his operations over the years, but it was hard to tell what was rumour or conspiracy and what was fact. Nephew of a genius pilot, cousin of an academic prodigy, grandchild of a war hero and yet more politicians. Although Leia’s father had been one of the most famous Generals in American history both of his children had been raised by other families. Wikipedia hadn’t been clear on the details of why but Leia had ended up with a family on a par with the Kennedys, while Luke was raised on a farm in Ohio and cut his teeth flying crop dusting planes at age ten. All that success. So much pressure. And Hux certainly knew what that felt like. So he’d sat and waited, handing Kylo periodic cups of horribly sweet tea like a proper Brit in a crisis. Eventually Kylo had pulled Hux down into his lap, crying against his ear for a while before he’d asked to take him to bed. On the face of it that had looked like a bad idea, but for Kylo, who exercised three hours every day, it seemed to be precisely what he needed. Long, achingly slow repetitive motions had quieted his mind as if he were meditating and it had very nearly driven Hux insane. They’d slept for a while, limbs entangled until Kylo had woken him for another round. And then another. The day had passed in a blur until Hux finally looked at his phone and realised it was midnight. They’d been in bed for fourteen hours. They’d hadn’t eaten at all that day. Over a hastily ordered pair of pizzas- consumed in bed because Hux had doubted he’d be able to walk any time soon- Kylo had slowly opened up about his inability to refuse his mother anything. His unending, soul stunting fear of disappointing her again. His seemingly contradictory need to do impulsive things that made her angry. The fluctuating desire to get as far away from his family as possible and the wish that he could ever live up to their reputation. A lot of things had gone unsaid. Hux could feel them in the holes they left in the narrative. Kylo would skirt around moments- mentioning stays in various behavioural camps, military school, boarding school, even a stint spent overseas- but he’d never explain the reasons. Occasionally a word would slip out, framing some specific incident in a way that increased Donal’s worry without adding any particular context. The Fire. The Fight. The Collapse. The Temple. Not for the first time Hux wondered exactly what he'd gotten into and how best to make it work. Between the two of them they’d worked out some strategies that might help. A locksmith would be attending later that afternoon to change the security arrangements on the apartment. Not just a new set of keys and locks but a digital viewer they could check on their phones before answering the door. No one would be coming in unless they were invited or they both agreed the person should have a key. Since Leia was based in D.C. they would pursue the idea of travelling and head out on the road as much as they could, even if it was just day trips for now. They'd arrange regular windows where Kylo could try to meet with his family members in a neutral location, if he felt like it. None of this arriving unannounced or setting up specific appointments like Kylo was some kind of chore to be completed. Hux didn't have a normal family life but he had a pretty good idea of what a healthy one should look like. Yes, they had a serviceable plan, Hux had had a wonderful night, and now he was having a good morning. Life was good. Any sensible observer might have thought that Hux would have learned his lesson from the previous day. For example- that he might perhaps avoid cooking breakfast in the nude, at least until after the locks had been changed. But no. He was in a good mood, singing along to Metallica on the radio. He wanted to surprise his boyfriend with bacon sandwiches, scrambled eggs and hash browns in bed. And for obvious reasons his backside was rather tender, so he'd rather not put on underwear unless he absolutely had to. Which was why his first meeting with Rey Skywalker began with her opening the apartment door, screaming “oh my god a naked ginger” and then slamming the door again. Ten minutes later, when Hux was dressed and Kylo had retrieved his giggling cousin from the lobby, she still shook his hand with the statement, “nice penis, Donal, my cousin’s a very lucky guy.” It rather set the tone for the rest of their relationship. Since breakfast was inevitably ruined in the drama of her arrival, Rey had dragged the pair of yawning, grumpy men to her favourite BBQ place for huge plates of meat and the strongest coffee they could brew. She had the cheerful demeanor that only an 18 year old could achieve at 11am on a Sunday. It didn't sit well. Donal wanted to hate her, mostly on principle as yet another member of Kylo’s family that had succeeded in seeing more of him than he'd ever intended and as one who hadn't bothered to visit the injured man in the hospital. But she'd addressed his concerns head on as they walked to the restaurant by apologising for not having met him before due to her own hospital stay. Apparently she knew all about him thanks to the slightly frightening number of picture messages Kylo sent her over the previous five weeks. The first message had the more than slightly creepy caption “OMG look @ this cutie” under a photograph of Hux immediately post surgery with a mass of tubes still down his throat. Which must have been taken two days prior to their first meeting, what with Hux being unconscious for most of that time. Kylo had merely shrugged at the side eye Donal gave him, as if taking photos of your sleeping roommate without their knowledge was somehow a normal thing. Hux had spent to rest of the journey to the restaurant reading through the rest of the texts Kylo had sent about him while the man himself guided him along the busy sidewalks. If anyone thought it strange that the huge scarred and tattoo’d man had his arm linked with a respectable looking, if limping, ginger they all had the good sense to keep quiet about it. As did the hostess who led them to their table, though she chose to seat them close to the open kitchen. It was a hipsterish sort of establishment. Every item on the menu included either the word “organic”, “sustainable” or “farm-to-table” and at least one ingredient Hux didn't recognise. Kylo and Rey were in their element. Hux just thought it was a bit pretentious. Especially the huge metal dish suspended from the ceiling over open flames to cook the meat, which was mysteriously being treated as a huge selling point rather than a standard method he'd seen at German and Eastern European markets for decades. Still the others seemed impressed by it so he kept his mouth shut. Hux couldn't work out whether the place was popular with students or just the wealthy elite but between them Rey and Kylo seemed to know at least half the patrons, if not more. One pair in particular caught Donal’s suspicious eye- a short haired dignified woman in white who might have been a tired thirty or a fresh faced fifty and her male companion whom his grandfather would have uncharitably described as having ‘the Innsmouth look’- that chinless, slack jawed face and unblinking eyes that had characterised the hybrid inhabitants of HP Lovecraft’s ‘fictional’ town. Sheev had- despite having a well known hatred of foreigners himself- once gotten drunk and described Lovecraft as a ‘horrible little racist’. He'd then gone on to tell young Donal a tale of U-Boat sinking sea monsters that had rather disinclined the young man to take anything he read as purely fictional. Whatever the ugly man’s origins, he and his friend had eyed Donal’s exposed parachute regiment tattoo and inclined their heads to him as well as his companions. Something about their bearing made him salute without a second thought. “I had uh… kinda had an ulterior motive for visiting,” Rey said quietly once they'd all been served and were working on inhaling their coffees. Kylo nodded as if this were totally expected while Hux tensed but said nothing. Clearly this was yet another family thing. “I mean obviously I wanted to meet the famous Hux and see how you were doing after…” She made a gesture towards her face indicating his scar, “and I was already in town yesterday with the intention of coming over… But Leia said not to.” The two men glanced at each other. That at least had been for the best. “But she and dad both asked me to ask you to come to Han’s birthday at the house this weekend.” Rey said more to the table cloth than to either of them. “It's his seventieth…” “No. It isn't.” Kylo said flatly. “He doesn't have a birth certificate. No one knows when he was born.” “It's as close as they could est…” “I don't want to.” “Please Kylo, I know you and your father don't get along but…” “Han is an asshole. You're not old enough to remember…” “I remember more than you think!” Rey snapped, half rising from her chair before she remembered where they were. “I do. I wasn't old enough to do anything but I swear to you, I do remember. And I know they both try to smooth things over and pretend everything was all lovey-dovey all the time but I know it wasn't like that. I’m not asking for Han, I’m asking for me .” “That makes no sense.” Hux managed to resist the urge to bang his head on the table but still gave in to the temptation to put his hands over his face. “Kylo, just… Listen a minute. Rey, why do you want Kylo to go?” She smiled gratefully at him. “I wanted you both to come because ‘the cute guy Kylo managed to pick up in a hospital while covered in bandages’ would make a much more interesting and distracting guest than ‘the hot girl pilot Rey picked up when she was supposed to be detailing her dad’s jet’...” If there was more to this story Hux didn't get to hear it. There was a crash from the kitchen as one of the chefs slipped and fell, arms first, onto suspended the cooking surface and from there into the BBQ pit itself. The man's colleagues moved quickly to haul him out of the flames and under a nearby tap. He probably wasn't badly injured. But the screaming, the crackling of fat hitting the fire and the smell of the various food that fell into pit flicked switches that Hux hasn't even realised he had. He was outside and sitting on the curb with his head between his knees before he’d even realised he was moving. Rey stared open mouthed at the space that had contained Hux until a few moments ago. The chaos in the kitchen was already well under control but Hux had run like he was under attack. “Ben? What the fu…” Kylo silenced her with a wave of his fingers as a white clad figure passed him, one warm hand pressing lightly on his left shoulder in the process. He had only intended to signal that Rey should be quiet but the gesture ended up closing her jaw as well. He shrugged apologetically. A waitress was already hurrying over to them, probably suspecting a dine-and-dash in the making with the loss of the one respectable looking customer. When she reached the table Kylo spotted a “support our troops” badge amongst the flare she wore on her lapel and he nearly sighed in relief. “Excuse me, Miss?” He said with the bashful smile that had certainly worked well before his injuries and seemed to be doing the trick even now when her face softened. “I do hope that gentleman will be ok! Unfortunately my friend is a veteran and he was very badly burned in action just over a month ago. I don't think he'll be able to come back in. Would you mind boxing these for us, please?” He gestured toward the plates and then held out his hand. “And would you please give this to your cook there, towards any medical bills he might have?” The waitress gazed incredulously at the hundred dollar bill Kylo had placed in her hand, her train thought of still navigating towards a scolding with no idea of how to change direction. Kylo placed the cost of their meal, plus her tip, onto the table. “I'm going to go outside and see how my friend is doing, could you give the boxed food to my friend here please? Thank you.” He nodded to Rey and walked away from the table, smiling slightly to himself as other patrons started handing more cash to the waitress for the injured chef. He was never sure in situations like this whether it was just human nature or if his own intense focus on doing good was influenced their behaviour. Kylo didn't do things like this often, usually if he were confronted in public he'd get overwhelmed and turn either angry or embarrassed. Hostility did always seem to spill over, with even sweet tempered people reflecting his frustration back at him. Somehow since he's found Hux he didn't feel his brain turning that way nearly as often. It was disorientating at times, but he hoped it would last. He could just see the top of Hux’ head where he was sitting on the curb outside. Kylo hoped the concrete wasn't hurting his knees. He should have expected it, his inner monologue tried to tell him over the screaming of his brain, how many soldiers had he helped through trauma just like this? Hux didn't really register the admonishment. He was too focused on trying to separate reality, memory, and fictional construct, and the fact that he knew two conflicting simultaneous realities was not helping. He knew- deep in his bones and at the very core of his being- that he had lost his legs in Iraq. He tried not to think about it too much and most days he was successful. He walked through his days on feet that he knew he shouldn't have, commanding muscles that had been reduced to torn ribbons with nerves he'd felt burn away. He knew the smell of his own burning flesh, his own bones as they charred. He had known it as he'd laid there negotiating for his life with a being that shouldn’t exist and he knew it now as the odour of the restaurant accident clung to the back of his throat. His senses were conspiring with buried shards of his brain to tell him that he was laid on his back bleeding to death in a cold desert wasteland. Everything that had happened since- the hospital; the werewolf; the operations; the beautiful wonderful lunatic- took on the consistency of mist and seemed to blow away from him, curling tendrils of thought that evaporated the harder he tried to grab for them. He could feel the ground under him. He could. The pavement was sun-hot under his backside. He wasn't wearing his full combat gear, he was wearing a T-shirt that pulled tight across his back and jeans that cut in around his thighs and his knees. He could feel the sun on his exposed arms and on the crown of his head. He wasn't cold. He wasn't. Hux shifted, wrapping his arms around his legs and pressing his face against his knees. His knees that absolutely were there; his knees that ached where the deep scars were still healing around the replacement ceramic structures; his knees and lower legs that could sense the touch of his fingers and the warmth of his breath through his trousers; that were not on fire or blown to shreds; that were real; that were his, his, his … A cool hand settled at the base of his spine. It was a gentle, tentative touch from a hand much smaller than the one he'd been expecting. “Can you hear me?” Hux tipped his head, keeping his cheek pressed against his knee. It was the woman in white, from the restaurant. Even up close he still couldn't estimate her age. She had soft eyes in a face that seemed not so much stern but determined, and rigid upright posture that flicked all the switches in his brain that a lifetime of military exposure had labelled as “commanding officer in the room”. He tried to sit up straighter, his body automatically wanting to shift out of this informal slump, but her hand held him in place. “I heard Ben telling your waitress that you were an injured vet, though I could tell you'd served just by looking at you. You're very young, so I guess it happened recently?” Hux blinked slowly at her. His father had trained him in the proper way to address an officer since he was first able to speak but all those conditioned reflexes were slipping through his mental fingers, leaving him with one solid marble of knowledge. “His name is Kylo, ma’am.” The woman smiled slightly. “I've known him since before he was born…” “Forgive me ma’am but I've known my father since he was just a Captain but I’d never dream of addressing the Commandant as anything other than his title or his rank as Major General. Just because you knew Kylo before he changed his name…” The woman laughed, a low melodious sound that seemed rusty with lack of use but beautiful nonetheless. “Good point young man. Good point. I apologise. And what rank should I address you with?” “Major Donal Hux, British Paratroop Regiment… formerly.” He added, the recollection of his medical retirement hitting him like a punch in the gut. “Hello, General Mothma.” Kylo's deep rumble was like the promise of a thunderstorm to the parched and drought ridden expanse of Donal’s soul, and he nearly wept with the absurdity of it all. How the hell had he fallen so hard so fast? Part him instinctively panicked at having been insubordinate towards a General- even though she was clearly a member of another country’s armed forces and he was no longer a serving officer- but it was a small quiet voice that was easily ignored once he'd shifted his gaze enough to look directly at Kylo. “Hello, Kylo dear,” General Mothma said, her smile growing when Kylo’s face showed clear confusion at the use of his legal name, “your friend here was just reminding me that it's polite to use people's proper form of address.” “In that case it would be more correct to call him my boy friend,” Kylo said with a smile, “are you ok Donal? Rey’s getting the food, we can go home and eat there if you like?” Hux nodded. “We’re going home now General,” Kylo continued, “but I suppose we'll see you at Han’s birthday party?” Kylo kept his arm clamped around Donal’s waist for the entire walk back to the apartment. Hux wasn't sure if it was just the solidity of his hold or some manifestation of his telekinesis but he felt lighter and moved easier, so he offered no objection. Still there were some things they needed to discuss. “We’re really going to go to this birthday party? After all the plans we made last night?” Hux tried to keep the judgement out of his voice but he really didn't think this was a good idea. “Yeah, I owe Rey a lot,” Kylo said, shaking his head as Hux eyed the scar across his face meaningfully, “I mean it. She’s the only one in the family who's ever treated me as if I were normal, not scary or embarrassing or crazy, just me . And I know how coming out can be, especially since she was always ‘the good one’, and if I can make it easier, then I probably should.” “She can hear you, you know,” Rey sang out from a few paces behind them. “Private conversation here.” Kylo snapped. “In the middle of the street!” “Shush. Adults are talking!” “I might be 18 but I'm the one with the degree, you're the one with the undecided haircut and clothes that don't fit right!” Hux shook his head despairingly but left them to bicker. He hadn't had cousins, he had no idea how these things worked. Nor had he ever really come out. His father had caught him reading a book on Alexander the Great when he was twelve and swapped it for a far more accurate one from the locked section of Sheev’s library, with no more explanation than that “the description of his relationship with Hephaestion is more accurate”. That had certainly been an education. Sheev himself had been far less subtle when he’d sent Hux off to university with a thumbs up and a gift box containing extra strong condoms and specialist lubricant. Sometimes Hux wondered how he'd managed to grow up to be as mentally well balanced as he had. “Besides, I think I'll be able to cope with being in the grounds better if you're with me.” Hux blinked, the rib creaking squeeze of Kylo’s arm breaking his reverie. “What?” He had realised he was being addressed and hadn't really heard what Kylo had said. “Kylo doesn't like being near the former site of the spooOoOOky summer house,” Rey said helpfully, “I say former because he burnt it down like a totally psycho when I was six months old and got sent to anger management camp.” Rey laughed, not paying attention as Kylo stared stony faced at the ground. Oh shit , Donal's mind intoned helpfully. This was a really bad idea. Oh shit indeed. Google had not been helpful on this one, not that he'd really expected it to be. There were some search terms the engines logic function hadn't really been calibrated for. Still, the good old method of late night phone calls to the kind of dusty bookshops that always seemed to have closed down for good several decades earlier had been much more helpful. Hux only had contacts in Europe and midnight in D.C. was practically bedtime for the not-quite-human people he tapped for favours. But they knew him of old, and they trusted him to always do the least harm, so they gave him what answers they could. Mostly more telephone numbers, even a few rare email addresses and now, after two dozen phonecalls and the extraction of three vials of blood (and other more valuable fluids) Hux was slipping out onto the moonlit streets of the dozing city ready to complete his mission. Kylo had slept through the entire thing, still exhausted from his emotional encounter with his mother, and Hux was extremely grateful for that. There were some aspects of his life he wasn't ready to share just yet. They'd ended up piling Rey and her girlfriend, Jessika Pava, into the back of Kylo’s vintage Plymouth Fury for the five hour drive up to the Hamptons. Hux had worried about the presence of two strangers making the journey tense and uncomfortable, but the two lively women were a blessed distraction for Kylo’s honestly terrifying road rage. It had surfaced more or less the instant they’d pulled out of their apartment block’s underground garage and peaked in New York in an incident that Hux had almost been certain was going to end with them all getting shot. Fortunately nothing had happened, but it was a welcome relief to be able to turn around and talk to someone with some kind of grip on their sanity. Jessika had turned out to be a fellow Brit, a military child just like him whose mother had emigrated from Singapore before she was born. They'd talked about the various bases they'd lived on as children and compared Jessika’s choice to fly commercially with Hux’ decision to become a military parachutist rather than a civilian one. The conversation had drifted briefly to the joy and freedom of flight but Rey, apparently picking up on the darkening of Donal’s mood steered them away from that topic, segueing onto the topic of parents with strange jobs. Jessika, having both parents in the military couldn't entirely sympathise but Kylo, with his unpredictable father, and Rey and Donal with their odd mothers had found lots to talk about. It was strange how many things in common there were between Rey’s mother and the woman Hux always thought of as simply “Jade” since even ‘birth-mother’ seemed to hold a greater implication of closeness than the reality had ever contained. They were both flighty, inconstant hippy types, prone to wandering off for years at a time. They even shared the same name, though of course “Jade” wasn't Mara’s real name, just a nickname that Donal’s stepmother had insisted the family use to refer to her. Hux could understand that, since his stepmother’s name was Maratelle and Sheev had cruelly called his son-in-law’s new wife ‘Mara-Two’ for several years. It hadn't even been that Sheev felt any particular love for his wayward daughter- he clearly valued Hux as his grandson far more than he'd ever valued Mara as his daughter- but the old man was an arsehole who liked to needle Brendol with the power he held over the family group. Hux hadn't seen his mother in the last two decades, and hadn't seen all that much more of her in the years before that. The occasional christmas visit where she’d tried to pretend that abandoning herthree month old son was an entirely reasonable thing for a mother to do; sporadic letters talking more about her adventures than asking about her child; rare gifts that usually consisted of books that were always appropriate for an age that Donal hadn't been- either far too young or far too old- or, on one memorable and mentally scarring occasion, aimed at sex other than Donal’s own. Rey had howled with laughter as Hux describe unwrapping a book about menstruation at age nine and countered with the weird gifts she’d received but always found a way to make use of. She'd received “The Daring Boys Guide To Danger” one Christmas and had completed all the tasks in it within a month, including building a tree house without parental supervision. The sections on swordplay and metalwork had inspired her academic career and scared the shit out of her father. Although she still saw her mother at least once a year her parents had been estranged for at least a decade. It seemed to be the common opinion between all three of the passengers who knew Luke Skywalker that the man was actually engaged in a secret relationship with a senior military pilot and friend of Leia, but the old Don’t-Ask-Don’t-Tell laws had kept everyone from talking about it for so long that it seemed awkward to ask them about it now. Apparently the man had the unlikely name of ‘Wedge’ Antilles but no one seemed to know whether that was his actual name or a call sign. The conversation had drifted to weird family names and the journey had passed in pleasant laughter that mostly covered Kylo’s sweary outbursts. All in all it was a surprisingly enjoyable drive. There were no other members of the Skywalker-Organa-Solo family at the house when they arrived, just a team of harassed staff running around trying to set up for the party to Leia’s exacting standards. The event itself would be taking place the next day but Leia wanted the family to have brunch together in the morning as a more intimate celebration before the five hundred guests arrived for the evening party. As such Luke, Leia and Han would be arriving by nightfall, but until then the younger people would have free reign of the house. Instructions had been left to put Kylo is his childhood room with Rey next door and their guests in another wing entirely. Of course Hux and Jessika had moved into their respective partner’s room the instant Leia’s assistant went back down stairs. Kylo's room was… disturbing. It was white. Entirely. The walls, floors, furniture and soft furnishings were all stark, bright white. There were no other decorations. Hux had tried to cover his discomfort at this by commenting how his own room at the Palpatine estate was probably still exactly how he'd left it-with his childhood spaceships hanging from the ceiling and his patchwork quilt on the bed- and how odd he'd find it to come home to find his space redecorated like this. His heart had frozen in his chest when Kylo had replied that the room was how he'd left it. Leia had apparently been convinced that her wayward son was overstimulated. She had tried to reduce the problem each time he'd been sent away from home until he'd been left with a wardrobe of unbranded clothes and this blank room. Suddenly his wild appearance made much more sense. Eager for a distraction from this particular instalment in what seemed to be the 26 part epic 'The Tragic Life of Kylo Ren', Hux suggested a tour of the property. It was exactly what he'd expected from a lifetime of American movies - big, bright and wholesome. Kylo stood out like a Xenomorph at a children’s daycare centre. The sooner they could get back to their own home, the better. They abandoned the tour of the house after the seventh time one of them walked into a low hanging light fitting. Kylo’s mother was barely over five feet tall and had apparently decorated the property to suit herself rather than the taller male members of the family. Hux insisted they go outside before someone lost an eye. The woodland at the fringes of the property was dense but not deep, extending only thirty or forty feet to the perimeter fence in most places. The deepest part was also the newest, the group of trees having been extended with a new plantation of trees that seemed to be less than twenty years old. Hux had reluctantly learned some land management skills on his grandfather's estate and he recognised artificial planting patterns when he saw them. The explanation for this was a small square patch of ruined earth just behind the new trees. It was fire-blackened and utterly dead, which was mysterious given the density and age of the trees around it. Kylo wouldn't go near it. Hux, once he was a pace or two away, agreed that that was a very wise decision. He kept his hand clamped over the objects in his pocket all the way back to the house. Dinner was a stilted, awkward affair. Han and Luke, with Wedge in tow, had arrived just before nightfall but Leia was needed at the White House and couldn't get away. Kylo had barely spoken to anyone while Jessika seemed to have frightened herself into silence in the presence of her boss who was father of her girlfriend. Hux tried to engage the pilots in conversation but it was an uphill struggle that even Rey’s perpetual good cheer couldn't alleviate. It had been a relief to retire for the night. “What’s that?” Kylo muttered as Hux emptied his pockets onto the nightstand. Keys, phone, spare pain meds, sugar packets that had take three hours to track down, and The Object. “Looks like that keychain thing the bad guy in The Mummy had.” “What? Imhotep?” Hux deflected, knowing full well what Kylo meant since the first one he'd ever made had actually been modelled on the one from the movie. “Noooo, the thief, the one who works for the mummy. You know, he had a collection of religious symbols on his belt and that's how the mummy realised he could communicate with him?” “Oh yeah, that.” Hux said with feigned disinterest. “This is just a good luck charm my grandfather gave me.” It was a lie and he was sure Kylo would have picked up on it if Hux hadn't chosen that precise moment to push his trousers towards the floor. Hux was too worried, and honestly too disturbed by the blankness of the bedroom, for sex but languid mutual handjobs turned out to be enough to lull them both to sleep after the long journey... He didn't like sleepovers. He didn't want to have a stupid sleepover with all these stupid people in the first place. They weren't his friends anyway, they were just the children of his mom’s friends. He couldn't even remember all their names and now he had to lay on the hard wooden floor of this stupid, drafty, spider infested summer house and listen to them snoring while he didn't get any sleep at all. Kill them, then. What? Where had that thought come from? It had seemed so… Calm, so… Reasonable, so… Caring. (What? No! Where the hell was he? Why would he think that was reasonable?!) They don't like you any more than you like them, boy. They're all scared of you. They've heard about your special little talents. They all think you're a witch. My mother paid their parents to bring them here, no, no they're here because mommy is an important lady and their parents have to meet with her, no that's just a lie your mother told you so you'd stay out here. He nodded, it all seemed so… True, so… Right. You hate them and they hate you. They've probably been plotting against you, boy, they probably made a plan before they even came here. They know what you are, boy, they know what you can do and they won't allow it. He looked round the room at the sleeping boys, his eye skipping over the bigger form of Poe, five years his senior and so, so beautiful with his big dark eyes and warm skin that looked so different from his own mole-spattered limbs. (What? He didn't have moles, he had freckles. And he'd only just met Poe, he hadn't known him as a child.) He stared at the others, the strangers. Should he, could he kill them? Why? Why did he want to do that?! Don't you want someone to love you? Cold breath ghosted across his ears, as if two people were leaning against his shoulders. Don't you want someone who can understand you? Icy hands with the texture of twigs were touching him. Touching his hair, touching his face, his chest, his back, pressing into his mouth, pulling at his clothes, touching places no one was ever ever supposed to touch… kill them and I can be real, boy, I can love you properly and teach you everything you could ever want to know about your power , he wanted to scream but there was a weight crushing his chest, iron bands closing around his throat, so hot they burned, come on, boy, kill them, kill him, make me real, set me free… ...there was paper on his tongue... ...there were skeletal hands creeping down his thighs... ...there were great monstrous flesh-and-blood hands crushing his windpipe... ...there were thin desperate hands prising at his teeth… … the paper dissolved, spilling salt and silver across his tongue, it burned and burned and burned … He opened his mouth to spit and a ball of jagged metal was forced passed his teeth… He tried to scream but the mass sliced into his flesh and burned like a magnesium fire and it was too much take wedged as it was inside his very body… Kylo collapsed, limp and unconscious across Hux’ struggling form. It took all his strength but he managed to shove the huge man up and off him with one great heave of his trembling, oxygen starved arms. He landed on the rug, and Hux thanked whatever God had been watching for that one small mercy. Hux could see himself in the mirror of the motel room bathroom from where he sat on the edge of the bed. He looked like shit. How he'd managed to convince the front desk clerk to rent him a room in this state he might never know. The fact that he'd also successfully hauled Kylo from the back of the Fury into the room without arousing suspicious was probably proof of the existence of some kind of God. If he looked like shit then Kylo looked no better. There was dried blood all over his face and chest where it had drooled out of his mouth from the cuts Donal’s protective spell had left behind. Hux had broken or chipped at least four of Kylo’s teeth getting the damn thing in there, and he'd been badly bitten in the process. If he hadn't managed to toss the sugar-paper parcel of holy-water-salt, white oak, clove, garlic and silver in there first he’d probably have lost a finger. The old tricks really were the best. Absently he stroked Kylo’s hair where the man slept fitfully behind him, his other hand coming up to rest against his own throat. The deep red marks from Kylo’s fingers were starting to darken to purple now and Hux wasn't sure how he was going to hide them from the others at the party tomorrow. They'd have to go back to the house early, before anyone came to their room to wake them and found an empty bed with blood and semen stained sheets. That would be a disaster, even worse than Kylo showing up with a ruined mouth and a battered boyfriend. He hadn't woken yet and Hux still needed to assess the extent of his injuries. Hell, he still needed to get the spell back out of his mouth. Whatever had possessed him hadn't followed them beyond the bounds of the property. Hux had felt it leave when he'd made off with his half naked boyfriend in the back of an unfamiliar car in a country he'd never driven in before. Perhaps the thing had just not wanted to risk his driving, but Rey’s tales of Kylo’s improved behaviour away from home as a child seemed to prove that the thing was limited to one location. Hux would have to keep a careful eye on Kylo the entire time they were on the property and there was no way in hell Hux would ever let them sleep there again. Even after he arranged for someone more experienced to exorcise the damn place. Again his mind went back to Kylo’s wounds. He needed to see which had burnt the most so he could work out who to actually contact to remove the spirit/demon/monster/arsehole-who'd-possessed-his-boyfriend. He'd spent his whole life dealing with things from any number of realms and dimensions with opinions on humanity ranging from fond curiosity to burning hatred. He had absolutely no sympathy for a thing that would possess and molest a child and try to compel him to murder other children, then torment the kid for decades before possessing him again and trying to have him murder his boyfriend. Hux was going to remove this thing with extreme prejudice so they could live their life together in peace. Not once- not when he came out of Kylo’s dream-memory to find his boyfriend's hands around his throat; or when he’d cleaned the bite wounds on his own hands with iodine; or when Kylo finally woke, broken and remorseful and barely able to speak; or even when Leia muttered something disgusting about BDSM practices under her breath at the party- not once, not even for a second, did Hux consider ending his relationship with Kylo Ren. Someone needed to be on Kylo’s side in this world and despite the bruises that lingered for weeks, Hux still couldn't imagine anywhere else he'd rather be. Chapter 8 Notes: This chapter was originally a prompt fill for day 27 of Huxloween, but it ended up sitting better in the main fic. Sorry it isn't as long as the last update Every book he’d ever read had described blood as tasting like copper, but Kylo had always thought it tasted like fear. The smell and the sight of it had never bothered him. He’d always been comfortable butchering meat or dealing with wounds, even when he was a small child. But the taste… He knew why of course. That one horrible night twenty years ago. Yes, he knew exactly why the taste of blood terrified him, and that’s why he didn’t move when he woke up in a strange bed with his mouth filled with the taste of liquid dread. What had he done this time? It had been so long since this had last happened. Eight damn years in fact. He stared at the inside of his eyelids and tried to remember while every fibre of being told him to leave it buried. What had been the last time - the fight with Uncle Lando at his own eighteen birthday party when he’d woken up with imprint of the man’s teeth cut into his knuckles or when he’d pushed Wedge Antilles down the stairs? Or had that been the same night? Why did that matter when he was trying to remember what he’d done this time? His mind circled back around. Had he been fighting with Rey? His shoulder and part of his face felt wrong. Somehow he associated that with Rey. Was that it? No. His brain presented him with that incident in technicolour detail- they’d both been foolish, yes, dueling with red hot swords was possibly the stupidest thing a grown man could do, but he’d definitely been aware of what he was doing. The hospital. The man in the other bed. Hux? The addling smog of unconsciousness melted away to be met with blind panic. The last thing he remembered was falling asleep in his old bed in his old room with Hux tucked against his chest. And now he was somewhere strange with a mouthful of blood. Where was Hux? He tried to sit up with a shout that his mouth mangled into a wordless noise of pain. The room was dark except for a pool of bright light from a doorway that rendered the figure by the bed as an angular silhouette. A hand pressed against his chest, pushing him back towards the mattress. It felt too thin, too sharp and skeletal. Kylo caught it in his fist, pushing back when the delicate bones of the wrist ground together and its owner hissed in pain. What? The hand relaxed, deliberately falling limp despite his assault. It didn’t fight back. A second hand didn’t catch in his hair or close on his throat. A boney knee didn’t press down on his chest. It was warm. “Kylo? Could you let me go, please?” Hux said in a voice that grated and rattled like a rusted gate. He tried to ask what was wrong with his voice but his tongue felt too thick to obey his commands and he managed little more than “Huth? Wah…” before the pain hit him. Why did he feel like he’d been chewing broken glass? “Now please, Kylo, while I can still feel my fingers.” He let go. The figure by the bed sat carefully on the edge of the mattress and reached out toward his face. Kylo shrank back. The hand stopped. “I need to look at your mouth, Kylo, please.” Stop using my name like that , he thought as loudly as he could, like you’re trying to calm a wounded animal . “Aren’t I?” Why do you sound like that? I can’t see you! How do I know it’s you?! “Can’t you… I don’t know, doesn’t the inside of my head feel different?” I guess. Kylo reached up and gently felt along the outstretched hand to a slim rounded shoulder, warm through a thin t-shirt and from there to a stubble-coated cheek. The man sat patiently as he mapped the contours of sharp cheekbones and a rounded jawline. He could feel the laughter lines around Hux’ mouth, though the plush cupid’s bow was turned down now and felt heavy with sadness. Hux twitched his lips, pressing a kiss to Kylo’s thumb. “Better?” “Mm hmm.” “Okay, you need to let me look at your mouth now.” Hux said, leaning forward to grip Kylo’s jaw. He opened his mouth, blinking hard as the torch of Hux’ phone shone in his eyes for a moment before it was redirected to it proper target. Hux made a few thoughtful noises, turning Kylo’s head this way and that as he angled the light. “Well, there's a lot of cuts and you've five chipped teeth, but I don't think anything needs stitches and the teeth can wait a day or two.” He pressed two cups into Kylo's hands, one warm and full, the other empty. “Here, swill this around your mouth then spit it out into the other cup. It might take you a few rounds to get through the whole cup. Then I'll check again but I think you'll be fine.” What is this? Kylo asked silently as he took a sip, then half choked at the taste. This is salt! Urgh this amount of salt cannot be a healthy! “That why I said swill with it!” Hux exclaimed, his voice cracking horribly on the aspirated consonant. He paused to cough before continuing more carefully. “Salt water is the best way to clean mouth wounds but you're not supposed to drink it.” Hux’ hand fitfully rubbed over Kylo's knee while he swished the warm liquid around his mouth, flinching at the sting but doing his best to coat every surface. It wasn’t just his tongue that ached- his gums, his palette, his cheeks and even part of his throat seemed to be injured. “How do you feel?” Hux asked after a minute or two. The back of one hand pressed briefly against Kylo’s forehead in a gesture that felt oddly tender. Like I ate broken glass. Hux, what did I do? “It’s ok Kylo, no one was hurt,” he said slowly. It sounded like he was trying to forced cheer but his distorted voice spoiled the effect. “Thankfully no one saw me dragging you out on a rug in just your underpants. I just have to hope that no one checks your room before we get back because there’s quite a lot of blood on those sheets.” BLOOD?! HUX, WHAT DID I DO? “Nothing, you didn’t do anything, but when it became clear that the thing in your body wasn’t you I had to get rid of it.” There was a rustle from the bedside table followed by a metallic jingling. “Do you remember asking about my keychain?” Kylo nodded. “Yeath.” “It’s exactly what it looks like,” Hux said, turning the mass of jagged metal in his hands. “I had no idea what that thing was, so I just got as many blessed and sanctified symbols together as I could.” And you put it in my mouth? “Maximum possible surface area in contact with as many symbols as possible. I mean, ideally you’d hold it in your hand but… your hands were busy so that was the best available option. It looks like a few of the symbols burned as well as cut you, I’ll take some photos when it’s light enough and that might give us a clue what it is.” He’s called Snoke. “Snoke? You’ve spoken to it? Can you tell me what happened? Originally, I mean?” I… Hux… can you… can you come and sit up here, so I can hold you, I… I don’t like… “You don’t have to tell me if you don’t want…” Hux began as he carefully switched positions to sit against the headboard. Kylo shifted to rest his head on one thin thigh and wrapped his arms around Hux’ waist. He still couldn’t see Hux’ face but his hands were stroking his biceps. It’s okay, I just… I didn’t exactly talk to him, he talked at me for years. Leia called him an imaginary friend and she told me off at first for crying because of course, you control the figments of your own imagination, don’t you? So why did he make me cry? And besides wasn’t I too old for that? Then I burned down the summer house to try to get rid of him and the ‘imaginary friend’ was reclassified as ‘auditory hallucination’. Either way I wasn’t allowed to talk about him at home because it was ‘distressing’. But he only ever contacted me at home so… That was the hardest part- I was mostly okay when I was away from the house, except I was a scrawny kid locked up with a bunch of other unstable kids and I started learning behaviours from them... “This doesn’t sound like the beginning of the story Kylo, what happened in the summer house?” Hux asked gently. Han and Leia were hosting this huge house party. A whole weekend thing with golf and going out on yachts and fireworks. It was supposed to be half housewarming and half political rally. Leia’s career was really taking off and she wanted to connect with the new neighbourhood. As if she didn’t already know everyone around here anyway. I hated it. I’d liked The Vineyard, I didn’t want to move. Then she decided that since a lot of her friends also had kids we should all have a sleepover in the ‘quaint little summer house’. She framed it as a way to make new friends but we all knew it was to keep us away from the main house. I don’t remember what happened. I remember his voice. I remember it was convincing. I remember his hands and his breath and… I don’t know... I think he tried to do things that I didn’t understand at the time. I know that Poe had to knock me out with a chair. I know the other kids complained of horrible nightmares and ran out screaming. I don’t know what I did. Poe was older, he just kept saying “it’s gonna be okay buddy” in that way he does, but he’s always refused to say what happened. But once Snoke got in he just wouldn’t leave. I lost whole weeks of time during school vacation but no one would ever tell me what I did. Hux was still stroking his arms. His fingers tightened comfortingly when Kylo shook with frustration. Kylo glanced down at the contact and frowned. What happened to your hands? Kylo asked, the panic he’d felt earlier beginning to rise again. There were bite marks and open wounds all over both Hux’ hands and the skin was stained yellow with antiseptic. “Nothing.” Why won’t you let me look at your face? Kylo asked again, wriggling out of Hux’ grip to turn in the bed. It was too dark to see clearly. Hux tried to catch his hand but he was quicker in reaching the bedside lamp. He instantly regretted it. “You didn’t do this,” Hux said quietly, the grating of his voice somehow amplified by the bruises around his throat and the bright red of his eyes. After a second he turned his face away, his lashes lowered to cover the hemorrhaging. The glittering gold as he blinked made it look even worse. Kylo whined deep his throat, backing away down the bed. You said my hands were ‘busy’ not that I was trying to kill you. “You didn’t do this Kylo, this was Snoke.” “Those are my handprints around your neck.” He said thickly. It hurt to talk but he just couldn’t stand to be inside the warm mental softness that Hux was projecting right now. Kylo had hurt him, he should hate him. This veneer of niceness just wasn’t fair. “My teeth marks on your hands. I hurt you. It looks like I tried to kill you, why aren’t you screaming at me?” “Do I sound like I could scream at you, even if I wanted to?” Hux said irritably, standing with a groan when Kylo moved to put the bed between them. “You didn’t do this.” “Stop saying that!” “ You didn’t . Jayzus fuck Kylo do you REALLY think you’re the first person to try to kill me? Bearing in mind the fact that we fucking met in the hospital just after I’d had my legs blown off in a fucking warzone?!” Hux spat, following Kylo around the bed. “You were not in control of your body. Blaming you for this would be like blaming you for hitting me during a epileptic fit.” “I tried to chok…” “ You didn’t try any bloody thing at all! You were possessed! For fuck’s sake Kylo, if anyone is to blame it’s your fucking parents for keeping you there all that time. Snoke was using you.” “You barely even know me!” Kylo shouted. Behind the bed, the wall shook as someone in the next room thumped on it. “You’re right,” Hux hissed, limping away and then turning back like he couldn’t work out what to do with himself. “But I’ll tell you something I do fucking know Kylo, six weeks ago I was dying in the middle of some fucking desert talking to an ifrit about how to stay alive. I fucking lost both legs at mid-thigh in the middle of fucking nowhere. I should be dead. I’m only here because of luck and sihir. Do you really think I’m going to walk away from a love like this over a petty fucking possession Kylo? Considering you’re already bloody psychic and telekinetic and you’ll probably turn out to a shapeshifter or have fucking wings or something.” “What?” Kylo had lost the thread some time ago. What the fuck was he talking about? “Yes, I’m smaller than you- by two inches and probably a hundred pounds- but that doesn’t make me helpless. I was a goddamn Major, for fucks sake. I got that thing out of you and I got you out of there, six weeks off a double fucking knee replacement, and you are not a light man.” “Thanks.” “Oh as if you don’t work for it!” “No. I mean it.” Kylo said quietly sitting back down on the edge of bed. “I do, thank you.” Hux huffed and sat down next to him. Slowly Kylo lower his head onto his shoulder, being careful not to press against his neck. “Did you really lose your legs?” “Yeah, but I wished them back I think.” “It didn’t work properly, then.” Kylo said. He gently traced the path of one scar from the hem of Hux’ boxers down over his knee. “It was a strange wish. I think it worked the way it was meant to.” “What did you wish?” Hux laced their fingers together. “Not to be broken any more.” They sat in silence until the beep of a phone alarm drew Hux back to his feet. “We need to get back.” “Ok.” Kylo said, looking around the room only for his jeans and a shirt to hit him in the face. “Thanks. Hux, speaking of broken, what happened to the coffee machine?” There was a sad little pile of broken plastic on the chest of drawers. Hux shrugged. “I needed boiled water for your mouth.” He said, like that explained everything. “Which reminds me, put these in your pockets, I want you eat one every hour while we’re at your parent’s house. Don’t worry, we won’t stay the night again.” Kylo looked at the pile of small white objects in his palm. “Sugar packets? You want me to eat sugar and paper?” “It’s exorcised salt and edible tapioca paper made with holy water.” “Why is this a thing you have?” Pausing in the process of pulling on his jeans Hux waved an injured hand. “It stopped my fingers getting bitten off so it’s worth having. Eating those should keep that thing out of your head, and if not I still have this.” The collection of holy symbols rattled before being stuffed in his pocket. “So either I get to enjoy twelve hours of Han’s company or I get more of my teeth smashed. What a choice!” “I’m sure it’ll be fine!” It was not fine. But only in a horrible parents kind of way, which probably still counted as a win, given the alternative. Series this work belongs to: Part 1 of the Kylux Cryptids AU series Next Work →