As day faded to night in the capital of the reformed Empire, its two rulers shared a rare dinner alone together in their private chambers. It was a simple affair spent side by side rather than at a long table playing host to various dignitaries as their evenings were often spent; military conquest had by and large become a thing of the past as Hux and Kylo - now Emperor and Enforcer respectively - toppled planet after planet with increasing ease. It was decidedly boring. Kylo had thought he had escaped a life filled with politics when he was reborn as Snoke’s apprentice. Now, married to the ruler of a vast domain, his days on the battlefield were mostly behind him. Kylo couldn’t bring himself to truly regret it, though. He and Hux had been through more ordeals together than he could count. It had cemented their bond until it felt like leaving Hux’s side meant misplacing a part of himself until he returned to it. Together they had overthrown Snoke, destroyed the Republic, and hounded the Resistance into near oblivion. Only the last stubborn dregs of Leia Organa’s terrorist cell remained at the very edges of the galaxy, like a film that refused to be fully scrubbed from a dish. “How are things at your school?” Hux asked idly as he sliced his food into neat little strips. Even without their Force-strengthened bond Kylo could tell that the redhead had some angle that he was working on. In a petty fit he took a too-large mouthful of food and messily ate it before speaking. Hux gave a grand roll of his eyes at the display, taking a sip of his wine as he patiently waited for a response. “Alright. You get the reports about it. Grades and holovids of the tests and all that.” Hux let out a low hum. “I do. But it doesn’t tell me overly much about how you’re handling things,” Hux pointed out. Kylo had to concede that point but he still had the feeling that there was another topic at hand, something that Hux was leading up to slowly to gauge and control his response. Being in touch with Hux’s thoughts and feelings so closely over the years had made it easier for Kylo to read others - especially his mate. They had found a balance in one another’s personalities and techniques, though they still found joy in antagonising one another so long as no lines were crossed. And since Hux wanted to beat around the bush, Kylo decided to give him an entire forest to rifle through. The Force user leaned back with a hum, folding his hands over his stomach. He seemed to contemplate this for several long moments, the silence filled by Hux continuing his meal, before Kylo shrugged his broad shoulders. “It could be worse. Our Emperor, generous and practical as he is, has found enough room in his budget for the next generation of Force users to be properly educated.” He could almost hear Hux rolling his eyes. “Getting a group of children to meditate isn’t the easiest thing in the galaxy, though. Especially when the activity itself can lead to certain … incidents.” “Like certain objects being levitated out of open windows and falling thirty storeys,” Hux interjected dryly. “Like certain objects being levitated out of open windows and falling thirty storeys,” Kylo parroted back with a sheepish smile. “It could have been worse. One of the children could have gone out the window, instead of a droid.” “That droid was not inexpensive, nor were the repairs to the building it tore a hole through thanks to terminal velocity.” “A droid can be replaced.” “Fair enough. Which student was it who did this?” Hux’s casual tone put Kylo on the defensive, a frown crossing his scarred face. “The student has already been disciplined. You don’t need to step in.” Something akin to pleasant surprise came from Hux, so muted that he had to be purposely hiding his emotions. Kylo’s suspicions deepened. Deciding to cut to the chase, he asked, “What is this about?” Hux fell oddly silent at Kylo’s question. His eyes flickered to his alpha’s, looking conflicted, before he glanced away again. “I’ve been thinking about the future more and more lately.” He fidgeted with his fork, turning it over and over again beside his empty plate as he spoke. “And I realised … we never really talked about it. Beyond the point where we are.” Kylo reached over and took Hux’s hand, stilling it. The omega let out a deep breath and allowed his mate to knit their fingers together, to move their hands off the table. Hux leaned into Kylo like he could only allow himself to during their few moments alone and breathed in deeply. “D’you want to move to bed?” Kylo asked so quietly that Hux felt more than heard the deep rumble of his voice through his chest. Hux gave a nod and Kylo picked him up with relative ease to bring them out of the dining room and through the living room to their bedchamber. Kylo carefully rested Hux down on the white duvet before joining him, pulling the redhead to his chest. They settled into a comfortable tangle together, Kylo’s back against the clean-cut lines of their black metal headboard, his arms wrapped tightly around Hux and his face resting against his red hair. He could feel his omega gathering his thoughts together in clean little compartments and logically ordering them. It was soothing for both of them and Kylo slowly eased up his grip, taking to running his fingers over Hux’s stomach instead. Even after all these years the omega had problems with eating anything that wasn’t out of a tube - the by-product of living off of nutrient paste while in exile following the fall of the Empire. His body had simply never had the chance to adapt to anything else. Hux let out a soft sigh and tilted his head to look back at his mate. “Things have settled down, for the most part. And I’ve been thinking - it would be good, if we did the same. If we did what most couples did.” “Do most couples not take over the galaxy?” Kylo asked in feigned surprise to lighten the mood, eyebrow raised. That earned him a playful smack on the shoulder and a huff of laughter. But the curl of his mouth soon disappeared, a pensive look entering his blue eyes as he ran his hand from Ren’s shoulder up to his neck to curl in his hair. Kylo shivered at the soft circles being traced against his scalp but stayed silent. “We won’t live forever, Kylo. As much as I’m loathe to admit it, we won’t. And when I die - if there’s nobody to take the throne, to be Emperor, then all of our work will be undone. The Empire will be torn apart by feuding politicians looking to seize it for themselves.” Kylo kissed the tender skin of Hux’s wrist, silently encouraging him to continue. “We need an heir.” Kylo froze, eyes fixed on Hux’s. The redhead patiently waited for his mind to catch up to what he had heard, to process that he had just proposed that they have a child together. Kylo blinked rapidly before blurting out, “Are you sure?” “I wouldn’t have brought it up if I wasn’t, Kylo. The stability of the Empire counts on this,” Hux said gravely, reaching up to tuck a stray lock of hair behind one of Kylo’s overly large ears. “And - I don’t think it would be so bad, really. Having one. A child. Together.” “You don’t really seem that sure of it.” He could feel Hux’s warring emotions only faintly through his own, and deciphering them was another matter altogether. “How would we even? …” “Kylo. I really hope I don’t have to explain the procedure behind having a child, all things considered.” His tone was pithy but behind it Kylo could sense uncertainty, hope - and fear. Kylo forced his annoyance at the comment aside; this had clearly been bothering Hux for a while, though perhaps that wasn’t the right term for it. Rather than escalate the situation into an argument he tried his hand at diplomacy. “I meant - since you’re the Emperor, you can’t really go waddling around with a baby bump.” Hux’s expression soured and Kylo conceded that that was probably a less than tactful way to phrase his thoughts. “I think you’ll find I can do any number of things I want as Emperor. As for other methods, I’ve already looked into them. This is the best option.” The alpha in Kylo couldn’t help but feel a thrill at that. Due to the effects a heat had on an omega - and those around them - they had never had the chance to experience one together. Kylo’s fingers began to trace along Hux’s stomach again, imagining it swelling as their child grew in him, letting everyone know without a doubt that Hux was his - Hux snapped him out of his daze with a firm tap on his cheek. The alpha shook his head and adjusted himself, uncomfortably aware of the state just daydreaming about Hux pregnant had put him in. There was no way that Hux couldn’t feel the Force user’s hardened length pressed against his ass but he ignored it in favour of continuing their conversation, which Kylo tried to follow with some difficulty. “A surrogate is unreliable, as is a biomechanical womb. It would be too easy to tamper with our child with either method, and the latter also has been shown to result in abnormal social responses due to a lack of human nurturing. This is honestly the best option.” Hux waved a hand dismissively in the air. “Plenty of people throughout history have maintained their rule while pregnant. It won’t be without its difficulties, but … we can do this.” Kylo caught Hux’s hand and kissed the wedding ring there with a soft smile on his lips. “We can do it. Just like we’ve done everything else we set our minds to.” The last of Hux’s tension seemed to bleed out of him with a prolonged sigh that left him limp against his mate. “We’ll have to work out the details tomorrow. Our physician isn’t very versed in matters like this.” Kylo let out a hum, leaning down to run his tongue over the claiming scar on Hux’s neck. The omega jolted as far upright as the tightened grip around his narrow waist would allow with a sharp inhale. “I want to breed you,” Kylo growled against the mark, trailing one hand down lower to cup Hux’s stirring erection. The alpha tipped his head to the side to whisper into his mate’s ear, “I want everyone to see it, see what else we can make together.” But to his bitter disappointment Hux shook his head and pulled away. “That won’t work. I’m not in heat, a pregnancy won’t take.” “That doesn’t mean we can’t have some fun. Let me take care of you.” The corners of Hux’s mouth quirked up in the barest hint of amusement at that. Without further prompting he reclined back against his alpha once more, lazily relaxing into his larger frame with his neck bared. Hux’s eyes slowly shut as Kylo wasted no time in peppering his neck in kisses and bites. Kylo scraped his teeth over the teeth-shaped scar he had given Hux, a long moan slipping past the omega’s lips at the gesture. As a warm flush descended upon his body Hux called up his memory of the night they became a pair in startling clarity and offered it to Kylo to share with him. Kylo had seen into the minds of many, but few could recall things in the same level of startling detail as his mate. Things were smudged at most instead of blurred as most memories were, details unyielding and refusing to warp with age or repeated viewings. It was just another hallmark of the brilliant mind he had fallen for. Kylo moved his lips from Hux’s neck to nuzzle at it instead, moving his attentions elsewhere. He slid the plain black slacks Hux had worn to their dinner down his thighs with his underwear to stroke him with one hand. The other ventured down further to slip into Hux, earning Kylo a sharp gasp as the redhead barely restrained himself from bucking into the touch. “Wet already,” the alpha said with a smirk. Hux levelled a glare at him that only faltered slightly when Kylo crooked his fingers inside of him. Kylo hummed in amusement and began to finger his mate in earnest in time with his hand on Hux’s cock, nipping at the omega’s ear before beginning to work his way down his neck, finding delight in the little sounds that Hux couldn’t keep from escaping. With an impatient growl Hux kicked off the garments on his lower body before shoving Kylo’s hands away to turn around and straddle the alpha’s lap, fingers immediately finding their way into Kylo’s hair to tug at it. Kylo’s moan was cut off by Hux biting at his lips, an eye tooth nicking Kylo’s lower lip to give way a drop of blood that Hux promptly licked away as he ground down into the alpha’s still-clothed lap. Never one to be outdone, Kylo wrapped a strong arm around Hux’s waist, grinding back against his mate even as he leaned forward, sending Hux toppling back onto the bedspread while he followed closely. Their teeth clacked together but both disregarded it, too wrapped up in each other’s embrace to truly notice the pain that gave way so easily to pleasure. Kylo tore off his shirt before helping Hux with his, letting out a groan when the omega bit down harshly on his neck just shy of his own claiming scar; in retaliation he dug the fingers of one hand into Hux’s hip hard enough to bruise as he fumbled with the clasps on his own pants. With an annoyed sound Hux smacked away Kylo’s hands to deftly take care of his clothing situation, muttering all the while with a spark of fondness about how helpless the Force user truly was. A low rumble of a laugh reverberated in Kylo’s chest at that as he kicked his clothes the rest of the way off. He knew that later Hux would grumble half-heartedly about the mess out of routine more than anything. The knowledge brought a smile to his lips and he pulled Hux into a languid kiss, fingers tracing over his ribs and up his chest to his nipples. Hux’s back arched at the touch, legs wrapping tightly around Kylo’s waist to pull him closer with an urgent roll of his hips. Fuck me, Hux silently demanded, tugging insistently on Kylo’s hair until his scalp smarted. With a hiss of pain Kylo backed up to reach down and part the swollen lips obscuring Hux’s entrance. A full-bodied shiver shook the omega’s frame, prompting him to move his hands to Kylo’s broad shoulders. His neatly trimmed nails dug into the muscles there as Kylo slowly slid in. The sharp little pants that Hux couldn’t help but let escape grew louder until the alpha jerked up his hips to fully sheath himself; he threw his head back with a loud cry of pleasure, dragging his nails down Kylo’s back hard enough that the skin reddened. That was the only encouragement Kylo needed to pin down Hux’s freckled hips and start moving. Invisible hands stayed on Hux’s hips as Kylo’s hands roamed over his body, tracing scars and freckles alike with adoration that filtered through their bond amidst the medley of other sensations they were sharing. Unable to move to meet Kylo’s thrusts Hux instead tightened his legs around the alpha and dug a heel into the small of his back to urge him on. The alpha let out a small laugh, moving his lips from Hux’s mouth to his jaw. He stopped briefly to suck on Hux’s claim mark before continuing down on a lazy path. His lips had no sooner found one of Hux’s nipples, thumbnail scraping over the other in tandem, than Hux was letting out a spiel of curses as he tugged harshly at his Enforcer’s thick hair. “Bloody - fuck, Kylo , you absolute monster -” “I’m your absolute monster,” Kylo corrected with a glance up at him, a wicked light in his eyes and an almost feral grin on his face. It prompted Hux to roll his eyes in only partially feigned annoyance at being interrupted. “If you’d like that as an additional epithet, I’ll take it into considera-” This time he cut himself off with a scream of surprised pleasure when Kylo suddenly changed gears and picked up the pace, making sure to make each sharp thrust at least teased at Hux’s sweet spot. The first hit it dead-on and left Hux a shuddering mess. More ghostly hands came to join the first set as Kylo sat back, taking over the hold on Hux’s hips with one hand and stroking the omega’s neglected cock with the other. The Force user basked in the onslaught of sensations as he sent his power to skim over Hux’s skin, to comb through his fiery hair, sending a cascade of feelings - both physical and mental - through the bond they shared. Feeling them both draw closer to the point of release, Kylo freed Hux from his grip. The redhead didn’t miss a beat. He met each thrust with zeal, reaching up to drag Kylo down on top of him for another kiss; he went willingly, moaning against Hux’s lips when nails dragged across his shoulders hard enough to leave more welts in their wake. Kylo’s left hand found Hux’s right and he pinned it to the bed over the omega’s head as their movements reached a feverish pitch and they came. Hux, ever more present of mind, was the first to sink his teeth into Kylo’s claim mark to renew it, and Kylo smothered a sound of pleasure from the act by doing the same. Tired and spent, riding on a cocktail of chemicals from both the sex and mutual re-marking, Kylo collapsed at Hux’s side. He quickly found the distance between them to be too much and drew his mate into his arms. Hux gave him a smile, eyes glazed slightly, before kissing the juncture of Kylo’s jaw and neck. The alpha couldn’t help but shiver at the gesture, small as it was - his skin felt far too tight and hot in a pleasant way that made even the luxurious duvet under them feel coarse. “My monster,” Hux said quietly, tracing along Kylo’s jawline with his fingertips. Kylo nuzzled into his mate’s hair with a wide grin and a full heart. Chapter 2 Notes: A glimpse into everyday life and a bridge between the first and the third chapter: that is how I would describe today's update. Also I scribbled Hux's outfit while figuring it out so if you'd like to look at that it's right here. Emperor and Enforcer alike woke in the early grey light of dawn the next morning. Their paths diverged after a parting kiss, Kylo going to shake loose the last vestiges of sleep with a bit of exercise a few rooms away in the suite, and Hux toting his datapad along with him to the refresher. The room, like the rest of the Imperial Suites and the palace beyond them, was elegant in its understated design. Every so often it gave Hux a sense of nostalgia for his time before being Emperor as keen as a vibroblade and twice as wounding. For much of his life, Star Destroyers and other ships had been his home; the sleek lines and constant engine hum were much more comfortable than the bright skies and grassy fields of any planet. The circlet he wore as Emperor sometimes felt like such a paltry thing to trade the stars themselves for. But in the end, the throne was not only what he wanted but the galaxy needed - a firm ruler to piece back together the fragments of order, to transform chaos into security. Hux had a quick shower in the sonic before making his way across the black-tiled floor to the refresher’s double sink vanity. Above the lengthy durasteel counter was a tall mirror, which Hux projected his datapad’s inbox onto with a few taps. He glanced over the reports he had received during the night to find anything particularly concerning as he continued his morning routine. There were a few things to push to the top of his schedule to deal with sooner rather than later, as always, but nothing truly devastating had occurred while he slept. If it had been on that scale then he would have been awoken much sooner. Assured that his reign was not currently in danger of being overthrown in the immediate future, he sent a missive to the general physician who looked after his and Kylo’s health. A human woman by the name of Aliethe Schrebba, she would know the best candidates to help them start a family from a medical perspective. Once he had the list, Hux would have them tracked down, and Kylo would interview each one. Nobody with ill intent could be let so close to the rulers of the galaxy, after all - especially someone whose expertise in healing could so easily be used to do the opposite. By the time Hux was finished with getting presentable an hour later, Kylo was done with his morning routine and had found his way to the refresher. “Do you have anything particularly important to do today?” Hux asked as Kylo stripped down for his sonic shower. The alpha gave a shrug of his broad shoulders and, feeling the mixture of judgement and annoyance his mate was sending him, scooped his discarded garments off the floor. “Two of the Knights are reporting in from the field later, and I have a conference with a student’s parents,” he replied as he put his dirty clothes into the hamper concealed seamlessly into the wall by the sonic. Hux let out a hum and leaned against the counter, scrolling through his datapad. “I’ve instructed Schrebba to put together a list of professionals in the obstetrics field.” When he felt Kylo’s confusion at the term he silently offered up the definition through their bond. From inside the sonic the alpha gave a nod for Hux to continue. “It shouldn’t take too long to track all of them down. Did you want them brought here, or go to each of them individually?” The Force user mulled this over as he was cleaned. Once the cycle had finished, he joined Hux by the vanity. He leaned against the durasteel and crossed his arms with a look of annoyance on his face. “It makes more sense to go to them. But you already knew that.” There was no trace of the bitter tone he would have once used in light of this knowledge. Instead he knew now from experience that Hux wasn’t treating him like a parent might a child, hoping that he would come to what was the subjective ‘right’ conclusion and then getting disappointed in him if he got it wrong. He wanted Kylo’s thoughts on the matter, unpolluted by the ones already racing through his own mind. “If we bring them all here, we’ll have to give the names and locations to more people. That means more opportunities for them to be compromised.” “But if I go on my own, there’s less of a risk,” Kylo finished. Hux grimaced, eyebrows drawing ever so slightly together and lips thinning into a displeased line, but gave a nod. Kylo wore his own irritation more openly by pulling his mate into a hug despite his nudity. He nuzzled into Hux’s neck with a troubled expression, tense body only relaxing a fraction when the Emperor returned the embrace and began to draw his long fingers through his dark hair. “I’ll be waiting here for you when you get back,” Hux said softly, “and then we can start our family.” Kylo heaved a sigh, squeezing the redhead tightly before standing up straight once more, brown eyes full of mixed emotions that Hux wished he could make disappear. Given some time he could - if only temporarily - but if they didn’t leave their quarters soon they would start the day late. The omega kissed his mate chastely before pulling away, his own heart aching just at the thought of Kylo’s absence. Hux could feel Kylo mentally and physically forcing himself to step away so he could dress for the day. The Force user had matured in ways that Snoke would have never allowed. The wizened creature was happier to fuel Kylo’s self-destructive tendencies and then scold him like a pet whenever he went too far over an arbitrary line. Whereas the usurped Supreme Leader had never given firm boundaries outside of a need for obedience, Hux had shown Kylo reason and logic and restraint to balance the fickle nature of the Force and that which fueled it. He followed Kylo back to their bedroom and entered his own closet. He was already clothed in his underthings, but he had more to put on - first was his crisply lined white pants, then his white high-collared tunic which he fastened a gold-buckled black belt around. The cape he had exchanged for the greatcoat he wore during his days as a First Order general was carefully balanced in its asymmetry. It hung lower off one shoulder than the other, a trio of fine golden chains tethering it to the Empire insignia clasp over his heart. To balance the slant of it over his shoulders the left side fell just above his ankle while the right ended farther up his calf. The inside of the cape was a vivid red, the outside a pristine white with a gold trim. Once it was set just so, he pulled on his black boots, smoothing his pants so they wouldn’t bunch up under the cuff of the knee-high footwear. Next came a simple pair of black gloves followed by the true symbol of his status: a plain gold circlet which sat just right over his temples and on his brow. He checked himself over in the three-piece full length mirror near the door of his closet before exiting to rendezvous with Kylo. The alpha was waiting in the anteroom by the hallway doors, fiddling with the clasp on his own cape. With a huff of fond laughter Hux strode over to him. Kylo let his hands fall away as his mate took over. “This is why you should put on those dreadful gauntlets on last,” Hux said dryly. Kylo pursed his lips, clicking together the golden claws on the tips of his fingers absentmindedly. “I do. But the stupid thing came loose,” he grumbled. Hux kissed away his pout before pulling back with an amused look, gloved hands resting on Kylo’s armoured chest. “To think that the most powerful Force user in the galaxy, the right hand of the Emperor, can’t even put his own clothing on right. I’m not sure what you’d do without me.” Kylo shook his head. “We’re never going to find out.” There was an intensity to his tone, a promise of sorts, that made Hux drop the subject. He retrieved the datapad he had tucked under one arm to help Kylo before gesturing to the doors behind the alpha. “We’d best be going.” A pair of Stormtroopers flanked the set of doors leading to their rooms. When they stepped out, both guards snapped to attention with identical salutes. Neither Emperor nor Enforcer glanced at them; Stormtroopers were as much part of the palace’s structure as the high ceilings and long corridors, still as the statues they were sometimes posted by. Along the way they came by some patrolling units which walked in unison like many-legged beasts in shining white carapaces. Every unit yielded to their superiors before continuing on, stepping up their tempo until they caught up to their route. Hux’s office was located closer to the front of the palace, behind the throne room and acting as a divider of sorts between the private and public halves of the sprawling building. Because of this, the door behind his desk - which lead to the inner sanctum of the palace - could only be opened by a select few with relative ease. However, it seemingly opened of its own accord when they approached. Hux knew better and gave Kylo a look of wry amusement at the little bow he was offered before stepping past to enter first. The door closed behind them, locking automatically as they made their way past the desk Hux had been using since his time aboard the Finalizer . Phasma sat in her customary chair beside a transparisteel window looking out at one of the many courtyards dotted around the palace. Another chair was opposite hers, on the other side of a low oval coffee table laden with breakfast foods, with a black couch with room enough to seat three framing in the last side of the sitting area. “Good morning,” she greeted pleasantly, giving the pair a smile. Kylo returned the gesture while Hux gave her a brisk nod. As the pair sat down on the couch Hux’s secretary came in through the second door in the room, this one kitty-corner to the other. Xe was a soft-featured beta human of below average height by the name of Symir Ulan, xyr dark brown skin offset by patches of vitiligo. Under one arm xe carried a pair of datapads and under the other a stack of flimsiplast which xe set on Hux’s desk to be looked over and signed or discarded at his discretion later. One datapad was then set on the end table beside Hux’s side of the couch. It contained reports from spies and other sources of information, the codes to decrypt them found only in Hux’s mind but still kept separate from even his own data cloud as a precautionary measure. With a cup of caf in one hand Hux reached out to begin working, only for the datapad to slide away from his fingertips. He let out a steadying breath and reached out for it again - but this time it simply zipped up into the air to land on the end table beside Kylo instead. Phasma looked on in indulgent amusement, having borne witness to such antics countless times before while Symir let out a quiet chuckle. Kylo, Hux said silently, glaring at the alpha. He sent the impression of annoyance and displeasure - skin burnt from the sun, rain-soaked socks, a corrupted datapad - through their connection. Kylo brushed off the sensations and instead picked up a spray of vibrant yellow berries that he knew Hux favoured and, more importantly, didn’t have problems eating. You need to eat. Now even more than before, the Force user reasoned. He held the food out to the omega who eyed it like he had reason to suspect it was about to attack him. Kylo rolled his eyes with a sigh before adding, You need to be healthy to carry our children. Hux couldn’t control the flash of exasperation he felt, but the knowledge that Kylo was acting this way out of concern dulled it. More than once during their time together Kylo had seen him nearly run himself into the ground to achieve his goals. He accepted the offered berries with far more dignity than a simple act deserved. “I can eat while I work. In fact, that’s one of the reasons these meetings happen like this.” Regardless, Hux plucked several berries from their vine and ate them without demanding his datapad back. He could review the reports later, once Kylo and Phasma had left. “Not as much as you should. As soon as you start you gain momentum quite fast, sir.” Phasma shared a smile with Kylo; before the two men had been on agreeable turns, she had usually been the one to step in and make sure the future Emperor wouldn’t drop dead from overworking himself. Selecting a pastry from the tray of baked goods on the table, Hux wielded it as an extension of his pointer finger to send an accusatory gesture at her. “I should have you both arrested for interfering with imperial matters.” Both laughed at his deadpan joke, Symir cracking a smile from xyr chair as xe continued to type away. After finishing off the pastry, Hux decided that it was time to actually start working. As he cleaned his hands of crumbs and sugar with a napkin, he said, “Kylo will be leaving for an undetermined amount of time once some matters are settled. I doubt that this will instigate an attack, but if someone were to plan for one, this would be the best opportunity.” Phasma gave a nod. “I’ll increase Stormtrooper activity in the city under the guise of drills. Kylo, will you be stationing another Force user here during your absence?” “Qedrin Ke has been at the school for the past week, deciphering the data from the last holocron recovered. I’ll let him know that he is to defer to you should you have need of him.” That answer seemed to satisfy Phasma, who gave Kylo a nod in response before bringing up a new topic. From there, the meeting truly began. An hour later Hux was alone in his office, Phasma and Kylo having gone off to tend to their own duties while Symir was dismissed until xe was needed. Hux had gone through several reports, petitions, and deciphered a portion of the off-network datapad when Schrebba got back to him with a list of doctors. He glanced it over, recognising a few names, before sending the information to Chief Statistician Unamo of the Census and Statistics Bureau. During his rise to power, Hux had made sure to reward those who had faithfully served the greater good with positions that they would excel in. Sure enough, the former petty officer was as diligent now as she had been on the Finalizer . Within an hour the list was returned with Unamo’s personal signature and the location of each doctor. Hux closed his eyes and leaned back, hands folded loosely in his lap. Having a Force sensitive mate, especially one as powerful as Kylo, altered the chemically induced bond that all mated pairs had. It was like being blind but then suddenly being able to see, though only in one colour, whereas Kylo and others with the ability to perceive the Force could see the full spectrum in varying degrees of intensity. As such Hux’s only connection in the Force was to Kylo. Now, he fell into a meditative trance to better reach out through that connection. He followed the thread of their bond from the palace, through the city, and to the school where the new generation of Force users learned how to harness their abilities. He brushed up against Kylo’s mind but could tell that he was already busy. Knowing the dangers of waiting in a trance, namely the distorted sense of time it brought forth, he merely left the impression of wanting to speak with his mate before returning to his office. A quick glance at the chronometer on his datapad showed that ten minutes had passed in the blink of an eye. Hux stood from his desk, determined to settle properly back into his body. Reaching out over such long distances sometimes left his mind feeling slightly disconnected from his body, almost like he was pulling strings on a puppet rather than being the puppet itself. After years together the effect was much diminished but at times Hux still couldn’t escape the ghost of discomfort such a sensation caused. With long strides Hux crossed the room to the door opposite his desk. It opened into a smaller office, this one belonging to Symir. It acted as an antechamber to his own office - and an additional obstacle in the case of an assault originating from the more public areas of the palace. Symir looked to him with an amicable smile but didn’t stop typing on xyr datapad even as he ordered, “Have Lord Ren’s personal spacecraft checked over by an engineer crew, as well as restocked and refuelled.” Without missing a beat Symir opened a new window on xyr datapad and began to write out the missive. The omega returned to his office but didn’t sit down yet. Instead, he picked up his datapad and went through reports as he slowly paced. He was reviewing fiscal reports for the terraforming of a number of moons to make extracting resources easier when he felt a familiar tentative brush against his mind. Hux huffed a fond sigh through his nose at the mental caress as he returned to his desk. All the names have locations now. Your shuttle is being readied as we speak. Restrained disappointment and fragile excitement resonated through their bond with an unasked question. Hux leaned back in his chair and answered, It depends on how many you see. Schrebba made sure to order them in preference. But if you start at the top of the list and have to work through it all … something approaching a month. Hux got a creep of fear up his spine in return, and the sensation of non-distinct pain. He rolled his eyes. Perhaps you could use some words, Kylo? I could, came the snarky reply. After a beat Kylo added, I don’t like the thought of being so far away. Of not being there if you need me. Hux sighed; he had his own misgivings over being separated from Kylo by so much distance for the first time in years, but he knew that his mate couldn’t bury emotion like he did. Rather than berate the alpha, Hux sent him the sensation of fingers through his hair, a soft kiss to his temple, a hand joined in his. Kylo’s presence calmed though there was still a knot of worry within his mind. Their conversation ended there, Kylo remaining with him like a ghost at the back of his mind for a half hour more before fading away with the sensation of a soft kiss. A small smile crossed Hux’s lips as he signed another piece of flimsiplast. The future once more held a certain amount of unpredictability, but they would weather it out, as they always did. Chapter 3 Notes: This was somewhat rushed due to events that took place earlier in the week and kept me from writing next to nothing for three days. On the upside, it's 3.9k words long, so at least some of it must be acceptable? The last week had been, for lack of a better word, infuriating. Kylo had spent every moment since he left Theelan, the planet at the political core of the reformed Empire, desperately longing to be back within reach of his mate. Their connection had waxed and waned as Kylo went from planet to planet in his search for a suitable doctor. Now it felt raw and warped, like a piece of taffy being pulled and pulled and pulled until it was folded back in on itself so the process could begin again. There was so little to do while travelling that he found himself lapsing into melancholy thoughts concerning Hux. With less distance between them, he was able to check in on the omega whenever he wanted; he could make sure Hux was resting properly and actually eating or just be in his presence without interrupting him. Now all Kylo could do was pine like a love-sick fool, itching to send a transmission to Symir to make sure that Hux wasn’t spreading himself too thin. The Force user was jarred from his thoughts by his ship - a present given to him by Hux last year in celebration of his thirty-fifth birthday - alerting him that he had arrived at his destination. Kylo sat up in the pilot’s seat to glance at the dustball of a planet he would be setting foot on soon, lip curling up in a disgusted scowl. Jakku was not a place that Kylo had ever wanted to visit again. It was barren, sandy, and hot, on top of holding pesky memories of the biggest thorns in his side. When he had seen that the virtual wasteland was where one of the doctors was he had felt the need to maim something. Fortunately, his anger was more easily reigned in now than just half a decade ago. That fury reared its head once again but he buried it under layers of determination and the knowledge that it would be better saved for another time, as fuel for his powers. At the moment, he had to focus on the present. While those stationed on Jakku were mostly invested in keeping its thousand or so inmates planetside they were still equipped with the means to shoot down most spacecraft. As Kylo did not want to add his shuttle to the Starship Graveyard the prisoners combed through for scrap, he hailed the main base. The communications officer who accepted the call was too pale for a desert planet, long black hair knotted into a bun high on the back of her head, her grey eyes made glassy by boredom. “Niima Base to unidentified starcraft, you are in -” she began, only to stop midway out of utter shock with her mouth hanging open. Before she could recover, Kylo spoke. “This is Lord Kylo Ren aboard the Authority . Am I cleared for landing, Niima Base?” It took a few moments but the disdain he wore like a mask eventually wore away the communication officer’s stupor. Her eyes darted around - most likely looking for someone, anyone, of a higher rank to delegate Kylo to - as she typed away at her terminal. “Yes sir, go right ahead, sir,” she babbled nervously. Kylo was beginning to see why she was stationed at such an out-of-the-way post. Someone so easily flustered was generally not an asset in the thick of battle, particularly when they were tasked with something as crucial as relaying orders. “Tell Warden Commander Isera I need to speak with him when I land.” He cut off the transmission before she could reply to start his descent. Stars faded as he entered atmosphere with his shuttle’s nose held slightly up, infinite black giving way to white and then blue and brown. Once the force of air resistance during re-entry against the bottom of the spacecraft had slowed him to a suitable speed he evened it out. In front of him stretched sand and sky, broken up in the distance by a low white building - Niima Base, once the site of the Niima Outpost until it came under Imperial rule. Upon his approach a circle of sand began to shift near the structure, exposing the metal entrance to the base’s underground hangar bay in the process. The two halves of the opening slid open to reveal a marked landing pad. With clinical precision borne of a lifetime spent with more years behind the controls of various ships than not, Kylo brought the shuttle to a halt on the pad, which began to descend once he shut off the engine. The hatch started to close as soon as there was about three feet of clearance over the Authority to stop more trickles of sand from invading the hangar. But rather than being plunged into darkness, Kylo’s vision was uncompromised thanks to the steady illumination provided by his spacecraft’s readouts, strips of light placed at regular intervals on the curved walls flickering on as well. Roughly a dozen storeys down, his descent began to slow. Already impatient to disembark and track down his target, Kylo hopped to his feet and strode to his shuttle’s airlock, skimming the minds of the people collected outside. He had sensed a number of people in the hangar before he had even landed, but now he could better grasp their presences individually. The Warden Commander had thrown together a small welcoming committee composed of two officers and a unit of Stormtroopers. A scowl crossed Kylo’s face. He disliked socialising, particularly when there was action to be had elsewhere - he and Hux held their respective positions for a reason. Once the ramp lowered Kylo was greeted with salutes; he ignored the respectful gesture in favour of walking down his shuttle’s ramp. His eyes remained trained on Isera, a greying beta man with a mechanical eye and arm thanks to a Resistance attack during Hux’s rise to power, with single-minded purpose. “I’m here to interrogate a prisoner. Designation J-FT-503-942.” The two soldiers flanking Isera glanced at one another with a shared look of unease. Isera himself shifted uneasily under Kylo’s intense gaze, though he managed to retain eye contact. “I see. May I ask for what purpose you are … speaking with 503-942?” The Warden Commander kept his thoughts off his face but Kylo could still feel them, lurking, beneath the surface of his mind; the reluctance that Isera felt about handing over the doctor was not - as was usually the case in such a situation - concerning rank or territory. Instead he seemed almost anxious. Kylo chased that thread of a thought to its core with practised ease, glimpsing at memories like flipping through channels on the HoloNet. His head tilted imperceptibly as a picture built itself before his eyes: J-FT-503-942 in the compound’s clinic instead of amidst the wreckage scattered across the planet, tending prisoners and soldiers alike, increasing productivity with his medical knowledge while the people in charge kept the nature of his employment a secret to pocket the credits that should be going to an on-staff doctor themselves. Rather than let on about this new information, Kylo let his disdain manifest as impatience. “You may, though you’ll be told that it is none of your concern. Now are you going to delay me further or are you going to find the prisoner?” “Well, sir,” Isera said as he turned to lead the way further into the hangar, the unit of Stormtroopers parting to allow them through, “I believe that luck has made it so he’s upstairs.” “I would think that a worldly man such as yourself would know that luck does not exist.” Kylo cut a glance to Isera as they entered an elevator, eyes sharp like rock. The beta fidgeted under the combination of his gaze and insinuation until Kylo slowly looked away. One of the officers must have sent word ahead about Kylo’s demand, because they arrived on the third floor just in time to be ushered toward an interrogation room. The alpha took a moment before stepping inside to study J-FT-503-942 through the external one-way window while Isera spoke with the alpha man who had met them at the elevator. J-FT-503-942, or Torin Farmer as he was otherwise known, was sitting at the durasteel table with his hands neatly folded in his lap. As his file stated he was of slightly below average height, his stocky build more suited to someone with the occupation of his surname than a doctor. His reddish brown hair was slightly long and messy like he was prone to dragging his fingers through it. But most interesting of all - more interesting even than his purported skills in the medical field - was the way his head sharply turned toward Kylo when the Force user brushed against his mind. “I’ll be speaking to him in private,” he said abruptly, interrupting the whispered conversation beside him. Isera straightened so quickly he barely smothered a wince at the strain it put on his mangled body. “I, ah, am not sure that is the best idea, sir, as the inmates here have been convicted of rather unsavoury crimes against the Empire -” “Having perused 503-942’s file as well as looking into the general background of the prisoners here, Warden Commander, I can assure you that I am more than aware of this. I believe that I can hold my own against him should he turn violent.” Isera’s teeth clicked together audibly at Kylo’s tone but he wisely did not give voice to the indignity coiling around his mind like venomous snakes. Instead he moved stiffly to the side to allow the alpha through, his subordinate hastily following suit. Torin sat up straight at the table when Kylo entered the room, head tilting to the side with an air of curiosity mimicked in his dark green eyes. His gaze didn’t waver even as the door shut with a click to lock him in with the Force user despite the recognition Kylo could sense. Kylo took a seat across from the other man - an omega, his file had indicated. Kylo wasn’t sure if that would make Hux more or less apprehensive towards the doctor. If anything, the redhead had to be willing to work with another omega, as he hadn’t struck Torin’s name from Schrebba’s suggestions despite having such information at hand. But that wasn’t Kylo’s primary concern. Hux’s safety was. He already had his suspicions about the brunet on the other side of the table, suspicions that - if founded - had the potential to be far more concerning than Torin’s less than amicable history with the Empire. Kylo reached out with his powers, intense gaze fixed on Torin like a predator circling its prey. The omega’s mouth twitched, his round eyes squinting subtly, but Kylo was more interested in how his mind reacted. Torin’s thoughts scurried around Kylo’s presence before coalescing elsewhere, darting to safety like rabbits bolting into their warren to evade a prowling wolf. Rather than give chase, Kylo moved on to other memories and thoughts; these were firmer, shored up with defenses reminiscent of tightly woven roots. But as he started to wear at them, a cloud of chatter sprung up in an attempt to disorient him. Nursery rhymes, recipes, medical texts, and a number of other mundane things that Torin had memorised over the years resounded in his mind to divide Kylo’s focus in lieu of the omega’s ability to use the Force. It was a technique that Kylo had himself taught Hux to deter less practised Force users from taking glimpses at his mind. Satisfied with the results of his test, Kylo retreated from the omega’s mind and sat back. “You’re Force sensitive.” Torin gave him an uncertain smile. “I am. From your surprise, I’m guessing that isn’t why you wanted to talk to me.” “In your file there was no mention of Force sensitivity. Your various crimes against the Empire, those were well documented.” Torin inhaled a deep breath but held his tongue despite the bait. “Even before your planet was asked to join the Empire and declined you advocated against it.” “My home being absorbed into the war machine of the Empire is something I was against, yes,” Torin said with forced neutrality. He squeezed his hands on top of the durasteel table, eyes closing briefly before he centred himself again. “But, again, I don’t see why that would bring you out here to talk to me.” Kylo hummed in agreement. “True. That part of your past holds little interest for me. No, instead of your acts of taking life,” Torin recoiled visibly at the accusation, something Kylo filed away for later, “I am more interested in the career you had bringing them into being.” The brunet’s puzzlement filled the room quickly, dispelling his earlier guilt and barely contained grief. “I’m - not sure what you mean by that. I mean, I know what you mean. But why would you want a doctor who specialises in obstetrics and omecology?” No sooner were the words out of his mouth than he seemed to realise the implications. His gaze slowly dropped to the table and his voice was faint when he said, somewhat belatedly, “Oh.” In the following silence, Torin shifted uncomfortably, finally propping an elbow on the edge of the table to rest his face against his hand. “I guess the thought of a democracy after your husband’s death was too much to hope for.” “You can decline the offer, of course. There are others accredited in your field. Most of whom are not currently incarcerated for staging a rebellion,” Kylo said, carefully monitoring Torin’s responses as he prodded at the omega’s wounds. That jab was rewarded with a glare. “I don’t have a reason not to. I have a purpose here. The Empire is fine with letting the people here suffer and die without medical help but I’m not,” he snapped. “I’m the best option here.” It was Kylo’s turn to cock his head. “The base could employ a doctor at any time. In fact, Warden Commander Isera and the two senior members of his staff are currently pretending that there is one employed at the base. They keep the paycheck for themselves.” Torin looked at the alpha with disgust. “Are you telling me that he’s been lying about there being a certified doctor on-base for nearly three years?” For the first time, Kylo could sense true anger from Torin - anger at the thought of others suffering for greed. Torin leaned closer with a hopeful look, voice dropping as he asked, “What are you going to do when you leave? He needs to be reported.” “He’ll be taken care of, though I’m not sure why you’re so eager to see him gone. As the base’s doctor I can tell that your sentence has been easier on you than it otherwise would have been.” “That’s true. I don’t have to scavenge like the rest. But if it means better treatment for the people here, then I’ll gladly step aside,” Torin said with conviction. Kylo gave a slow nod at that. From what he had seen so far, the omega was slow to anger, and somewhat optimistic despite what life had put him through. It wasn’t the worst mix he had come across so far, in terms of candidate’s personalities. Most were sycophants and opportunists who could be tricky to deal with in the long term. People with such a mindset generally looked after themselves first and were prone to sabotage. Having no reason to continue the current line of conversation, Kylo changed the subject. “During the rebellion on Kirya,” he began, naming Torin’s home planet, “you came into contact with Leia Organa’s insurrection, known as the Resistance.” The brunet sat up with a guarded expression. Memories bubbled up in his consciousness about being interrogated in a room much like this one shortly after being arrested on Kirya, pain and fear tightly linked to the experience. He hurriedly buried the memories with a sense of shame. “I did. They wanted to keep Kirya free, too.” “In the official statement taken once you were imprisoned, it said that they helped to train and supply recruits, but by and large did not provide combatants of their own.” “They were spread too thin at that point,” Torin conceded slowly. He had neglected to divulge that information upon his capture, but Kylo could remember that leg of the campaign well enough. The Resistance’s prominent Force users had all but disappeared shortly thereafter. Most believed them to be dead but Kylo knew better. He would have felt their brilliant presences go dark and blink out of existence. “Do you resent them for leaving your people to die?” Kylo asked point blank. If he could verify that Torin no longer held sympathies for the Resistance, it would be a mark in his favour. The omega let out a sigh and slumped in his chair. “A part of me does. But I know that they did as much as they thought they could. And now it doesn’t matter. You’ve won. Even if they manage to find something that could hope to compete with the Empire - it would just mean more death.” “The same thing will happen if the Emperor dies without an heir.” It took effort to say the words, even now, after using them so many times. The inevitability of death had always - to him - felt like something he would find on a battlefield. On Starkiller he had thought for sure that it would be Rey to strike him down; he had even goaded her to take his life as repentance for his failure, knowing that such an act would send her into the embrace of the Dark side, to Snoke. As for Hux’s death - that had never crossed his mind as an option. Not unless he was dead first. Torin bit his lip and slowly looked down to examine the table’s immaculate surface. Indecision gnawed at his thoughts before he gave a nod and met Kylo’s eyes once more with a look of determination. “I’ll take the position.” Without waiting for Torin’s conviction to waver, Kylo delved into his mind, tearing through the omega’s mental defenses for any trace of ill intent. The brunet recoiled at the assault, gripping the table tight enough to turn his knuckles white. He gasped for air as he scrambled to retain some semblance of calm and remove the obstacles in his mind. Between the two of them, it wasn’t long before his thoughts and memories were laid bare. Loneliness. It ached in his chest like an open wound as he stared up at the discoloured ceiling. The scent of bacta and blood pricked at his nose. He mourned for his long-dead mate, finger tracing over the faded scar on the side of his neck, and feared for the son out among the stars. A different memory. There was no hope for their home, just for their children. Poe Dameron stood beside a stolen Empire ship without his usual smile. All around families were being slowly torn apart with mournful goodbyes. The little hand in his tightened its grasp and his son dug his heels in, refusing to go any farther. “Where’s papa?” He turned to his son and knelt with a smile, trying to disguise his heartache by straightening the boy’s shirt. “He can’t make it, Ky.” A hand rested on his shoulder and he turned his head to see Rey standing behind him. It was too soon, any time in an eternity was too soon to be separated from his little boy, but he could tell without asking what the heavy look in her too-old eyes meant. Sniffling a bit he turned back to Ky and lifted a necklace from beneath his shirt. On it were a pair of rings - the ones his mate had made for their wedding ceremony. He placed the necklace over Ky’s head and pressed a hand to where the bands rested against his son’s chest. “Remember that we love you, and we’ll always be with you.” He glanced back at Rey and then to his son again to pull him into a tight hug. “Rey is going to take care of you. Be a good padawan, okay? Listen to her and learn from her and become a strong Jedi like you always wanted.” Knowing that each second brought him closer to hysterics he stood abruptly, turning to Rey with a pleading look. With a small nod she took Ky’s hand. He could barely hear Ky’s excited reply through the ringing static filling his head. As the shuttle took off the first of his tears fell. Closer to the present again. He missed his work almost as keenly as his family, sometimes, after long hours of barely keeping a patient stable with the supplies at hand, only for them to slip away. It had ups and downs of its own. There were people he simply hadn’t been able to help, failures and upsets to tally up into an unofficial record. But he had actually helped people rather than prolonging their suffering in a way. Here there was no hope for a better tomorrow. There was no research to conduct, no real purpose outside of existing. A part of him would always hate the Empire for what it had done. But now it was useless to curse it, useless to fight against it, not because of its size but because of the repercussions. The galaxy had just started to heal itself after being torn apart and sewn back together by Emperor Hux and his crusade. Another war would just tear open old wounds and give them another chance to fester. Satisfied with what he saw, Kylo released his grip on the omega. He had become more and more adept at dissecting minds as the years passed, his technique refining itself through practice. As it was Torin still fell sideways out of his chair to retch once he was freed. Kylo regarded him with an unreadable expression for a few long moments before saying, “You will do.” Torin dragged himself back into his seat once he was done heaving. He was shaky and pale from the ordeal, freckles now standing out starkly against his ashen skin. “If you’d given me a heads up I would have made that easier,” he said reproachfully as Kylo stood. “Perhaps. Or you might have tried to hide a few things from me more thoroughly. Rey, she’s very good at making things disappear, as you well know.” The brunet regarded Kylo warily at the pithy comment but didn’t respond - the feud between the two Force users was well known. Paying no attention to the look levelled at him, Kylo moved to the door. He glanced back to Torin and added, “Someone will get you ready to depart. I have other matters to attend to before we leave.” Feeling better than he had since this entire ordeal began, Kylo left the room. Soon he and Hux would be reunited. A new chapter in their lives would start to unfold. The future of the galaxy would be secured. But excitement was beginning to give way to a cold pit of self-doubt which had started to form in his stomach. Rather than acknowledge it he shoved the feeling down with denial, hurrying his pace. Chapter 4 Notes: Sorry about the late update friends, last week I was very sick! Thankfully I'm back on track this week. Warnings for this chapter: poorly written BDSM scene, Dom!Hux, sub!Kylo As a disclaimer, I tried to make it obvious that they've been doing this sort of thing for years and already know each other's boundaries and have a safety system in place. The Authority dropped out of hyperspace relatively close to Theelan. Kylo could hear his passenger scramble to his feet behind him, then cautiously move closer to peer out the viewport. The mixture of emotions that Torin had been bleeding the entire journey - fear, anxiety, and a sliver of hope - fell away as soon as he caught a glimpse of the planet. Its blue oceans were broken up by flourishing green continents and capped by snowy mountains at both poles, white clouds swathing it in various types of weather. The omega watched the planet with a sense of wondrous joy in his green eyes. “Your son could live here as well,” Kylo said, interrupting the peaceful moment. As soon as the words were out of his mouth Torin recoiled as if struck. Without concerning himself with the change in mood his comment had brought, Kylo started to make preparations to enter the atmosphere as Torin slowly retreated to the seat he had so hastily abandoned just moments before, sending cautious looks to the alpha every so often. The brunet’s thoughts were always quiet, which Kylo was actually rather grateful for, but he could still feel how they were now mired in distrust and worry. Theelan’s weather was very stable - one of the many reasons it was chosen as the foundation of the Empire’s revival. Below the Authority stretched miles upon miles of pristine blue ocean, the capital city visible as a faint sloping line in the distance. As they approached more details became clear: the cliff which bore the city was a gleaming white, and the palace rested atop its crest. The rest of the city’s buildings became taller as it sloped into the flat mainland, keeping the skyline mostly uniform and utilising more square footage. Hidden within the cliff were various hangars and barracks, all reinforced to outlast all but the most devastating of attacks, like a hive waiting to erupt in the face of an attack. The space directly below the palace was reserved for a bunker as another security measure with a private hangar for the Emperor and his Enforcer underneath. This was where Kylo brought them, the rock face parting to grant the shuttle access. He docked in the berth reserved for him before standing with a gesture for Torin to follow. With the omega a few paces behind Kylo went down the ramp and, for the second time in as many days, he was greeted by a small party. “It pleases me to see that Doctor Farmer is unscathed despite your deplorable piloting, Lord Ren,” Hux said primly, handing his datapad off to Symir. Despite his words there was an undercurrent of warmth to them, an almost imperceptible curl to his lips. Unable to help himself the alpha reached out through the Force and their bond, though only long enough to see that Hux was not unwell; there would be time for a proper reunion later. Torin lingered behind Kylo, reluctant to step out of his shadow despite the Force user’s well-earned reputation. Hux glanced at the other omega with a critical eye. Kylo could tell that his mate found him lacking because of the dismissive cast of the redhead’s gaze but nevertheless Hux carried on without fussing over his first impression, instead gesturing for Schrebba to step forward. As she did he addressed Torin. “This is Doctor Schrebba, your colleague. She has been here for a number of years and will help you get settled. Symir - my secretary - will see to it that you have all the equipment that you need.” Hux barely waited for Torin to nod to show he understood before he dismissed them, taking back his datapad from Symir. “Very well. Symir, unless there’s something truly catastrophic in need of managing, delegate any messages I get as you see fit while I take Lord Ren’s mission report.” “Of course, sir,” the beta replied with a sly smile. Turning to the two doctors xe began herding them to the east elevator with practised ease. Hux tucked his datapad under his arm and lead the way to the south elevator, which surfaced closer to the rooms they shared. An easy silence came over them as they made their way to the Imperial Suites. Kylo spent the journey mostly in Hux’s head, curling up in his mind like a satisfied cat. The Force user remained there until they entered the double doors leading to their rooms and he could feel Hux gently prodding at him to leave. Without a word, the redhead went over to the circular table in the centre of the anteroom, heels clicking sharply against the floor. He set down his datapad on it as he spoke to his mate, the air of authority which he wore outside their rooms not dissipating as it normally would. “You completed your mission with surprising efficiency.” He began to remove his gloves, tugging on each digit before pulling off first the left, then the right, by the middle finger. Kylo slowly stood upright behind him at the display, a keen sense of anticipation slicing through him. The omega’s cape was the last thing to join the small pile of things on the table before he turned to Kylo with a raised eyebrow. “I think a reward is in order, don’t you?” The Force user gave a quick nod, flushing hot and cold with arousal at the simple suggestion. It had been entirely too long since they were able to indulge in this particular form of intimacy; he ached to be carefully taken apart by Hux’s clever hands and skillfully reconstructed. Hux looked to Kylo with a closed-off expression on his face before beckoning to the alpha. He eagerly complied, almost feeling compelled to do so. “Go and remove your clothing in your closet. I expect to find it neatly put away, not thrown about,” Hux instructed, chin raised as if he was addressing someone he found distasteful. Kylo ducked his head into a nod that he did not look up from. Eyes trained on the floor, he had to restrain himself from running to the bedroom, trembling with the effort. Hux joined him shortly after he was done stripping. The redhead spared a glance at the folded bundle of clothing that Kylo had carefully placed on the bench meant to make putting on footwear easier, his boots tucked underneath and gauntlets resting on top. Seemingly satisfied with this, Hux stepped forward, uncurling his arms from behind his back. Clasped in one of his hands was length of plain black cloth. “Turn around.” Kylo did as he was told, eyelashes brushing against the blindfold with every blink once it was secured. Hux turned him around with a hand on his shoulder to inspect his work. After he was sure that the Force user was unable to see and that the knot he had made had no hair trapped in it, he grasped one of Kylo’s wrists. “Follow me.” The world was narrowed to the feel of delicate fingers clasping his own, of his bare feet on stone flooring. Hux lead him to the edge of the bed until his shins brushed its silky sheets. His hand was released and his mate moved around him, almost close enough to touch. “Get on the bed and lay still on your back. There’s a pillow in the middle for you to rest your head on.” Kylo complied, listening closely for any hint as to what was coming. He could hear Hux moving things around, opening the hidden compartment in the dresser between their closets. None of the things he retrieved made much noise as he placed them by Kylo. Then he was climbing onto the bed as well, the mattress dipping under his weight as he settled beside his mate. A finger traced from the hollow of Kylo’s throat down his chest along his breastbone, stopping short of his navel. After a short pause the point of contact changed to the full of Hux’s hand and the muscles in Kylo’s stomach tensed as he fought the urge to fidget. His pulse was rushing in his ears but he still heard the man he had sworn himself to, body and soul and everything in between, chuckle lowly at his response. “Settle down, Ren. I haven’t even started,” he chided, trimmed nails catching on various scars as he scratched a light path toward Kylo’s hip. The Force user’s skin broke out in goosebumps at the contact, hands squeezing into tight fists. Slender fingers skirted the edges of the mess of scar tissue he had earned during his moment of weakness on Starkiller so long ago before moving to his wrist. A thumb ran deftly up his arm along his pulse, along his collarbone, up his throat, to swipe over his bottom lip. Kylo mindlessly followed the point of contact, pulling the digit into his mouth to curl his tongue around it greedily. Hux clicked his tongue behind his teeth as he jerked his hand away before delivering a backhanded slap to his mate’s cheek. While not enough to bruise - even with the weight of Hux’s rings - it wrung a long moan out of Kylo, the alpha nearly squirming from the blow. Hux let out a sigh. “You’re so spoilt, you can’t even listen to a simple direction.” His weight disappeared from the bed and Kylo let out a low whine of protest. “But I’m merciful,” he continued, opening a drawer in his bedside table. “I’ll give you another chance.” A click, a hiss, a slow inhale, and Hux closed the drawer again before returning to his mate. Every inch of Kylo’s body was taut in anticipation as the bed dipped again, the smell of tabac wreathing around him with the other man’s exhale. He could feel Hux’s presence as he leaned closer. “Remember, Ren. Be a good boy and stay still now,” he said as he turned Kylo’s arm so his palm was facing upright. The cigarra burned into the inside of Kylo’s wrist, making him gasp and flex his fingers. It was too brief to do much more than leave a lingering heat. He waited in silent anticipation as he felt Hux consider his canvas, aching for the next flare of pain. It came after a bit of deliberation, this one under his collarbone. A drawn-out groan rattled its way out of his throat as he dug his fingers into the sheets, the rub of the smooth fabric not nearly enough to reignite the burn on his wrist, not by a far margin. Hux moved lower, skimming a finger over his hard cock, before gently nudging at Kylo’s thigh. He needed no more prompting to spread his legs. The moment stretched on and on as Hux ran a hand up and down his leg to soothe his excited muscles until he could take it no longer. “Please,” he begged, voice small and raspy, “Hux, please. ” Pain blossomed, deep and bright, and Kylo knew as he went rigid with the effort of staying still that he would feel it for days to come. Hux leaned away and stubbed out his cigarra before moving farther up the bed. With steady hands he cupped Kylo’s face and pressed a kiss to his forehead. “You ask so nicely,” he said softly, brushing a stray lock of hair from the alpha’s flushed cheek. “I do wish we had more time today, but we’ll make the most of it.” With that promise, Hux slid onto Kylo’s chest, grip tightening in his dark hair. Kylo moaned, the sound abruptly cut off by the omega thrusting his hard cock into his mouth. He was ready for the next thrust as Hux slid out, the movement of his hips irritating the burn on the Force user’s chest and pulling another sound of pleasure from him. Hux let out a breathy chuckle and repositioned his fingers to dig his nails into Kylo’s scalp with every tug, slowly working up a steady rhythm. Wetness from the omega’s arousal began to seep onto Kylo’s chest and Hux started moving faster, bracing himself with a hand on his mate’s stomach, and suddenly it was too much for Kylo - the pain, the pleasure, the sense of purpose had him whimpering for relief as he reached to take hold of his aching cock. He had barely managed to wrap his calloused fingers around it when Hux was grabbing him by the wrist with a click of his tongue. “Now, now, Ren. What did I say about touching?” he asked, sitting back to give Kylo room to answer. The alpha let out a strangled groan of disappointment. “I’m sorry, I won’t do it again - ” “I know you won’t.” Hux leaned forward, bringing up Kylo’s limp arm to rest it against the headboard. A stiff leather cuff locked around his wrist, his other arm getting similarly immobilised in short order. It put a pleasant strain on his shoulders and elbows and wrists that only sharpened when he felt Hux rut up against his scarred chest, making him jerk in surprise. The omega let out an amused, breathy chuckle at that, bridging the gap over his cock with a hand to give each thrust of his hips more friction. He let out a low sigh as he fucked the channel between his pecs, silently urging the other man to gaze through his eyes and see what he saw. Trembling from head to toe, he obeyed, a stifled moan escaping his swollen lips at the picture: his body flushed from arousal, being used as Hux saw fit, a tool worthy of praise and attention. The image suddenly disappeared as Hux’s thrusts became choppier and his breath harsher, eyes shutting as his orgasm drew near. With a full-body shudder he came, cum splashing over his mate’s face and chest. He recovered quickly, reaching back to languidly stroke Kylo’s aching dick. The Force user sobbed at the contact but forced himself to stay still, legs shaking with the effort; Hux made a soothing sound as he thumbed over the circle he had burned into Kylo’s thigh earlier. “It’s okay,” he said somewhat breathlessly. He released the alpha’s cock and got to his knees, shimmying back until he was kneeling over Kylo’s hips. “I’ll tell you when you’re allowed to come. You have to earn it first.” Unable to speak, Kylo could only nod frantically, hands balled into white-knuckled fists. Hux rubbed gentle circles into his mate’s taut stomach with one hand as the other guided Kylo’s cock to his slick entrance before slowly sinking down. Pleasure thundered through Kylo’s body, nearly drowning him in the sensation of his mate’s tight body around him. The slender omega barely gave him time to collect himself before moving. Still sensitive from his first orgasm, Hux’s body gave an increasing shudder every time the dick in him bottomed out. “You’re being such a good boy for me,” he praised. Kylo held onto his words like a lifeline, not wanting to disappoint him, but it was sweet torture that he couldn’t help but vocalise with high-pitched whines and long moans. Hux let out a curse and dug his nails into the old bowcaster wound on Kylo’s side, making the Force user dig his heels into the bedding as a sharp cry of pleasure escaped him. With a few short, frantic jerks of his hips Hux came again, stilling as the force of it tore through him. Slowly his body relaxed and he leaned forward to kiss the corner of Kylo’s mouth. “Such a good boy,” he murmured with a hoarse voice. “I’m going to take off your blindfold now, sweetheart. Then you can come too.” Kylo closed his eyes to save himself from the bright light as Hux gently unknotted the fabric over his eyes. The first thing he saw was his mate’s small smile as he pulled back. He watched, chest heaving with need and want, as Hux began to slowly move again. All it took was one roll of the omega’s hips and finally he came with a ragged sob, entire body going taut as a bow as the wave of pleasure came to a head and tore through him. Thoroughly undone, Kylo became limp, every muscle relaxed. He watched Hux with barely open eyes as the redhead freed him from the leather cuffs and returned to him the use of his arms. With a soft exhale he blinked and the next time he opened his eyes, Hux was almost done cleaning up. He smiled lethargically at his mate, the omega returning the gesture before leaning forward and kissing him softly. Kylo let out a hum and slipped into Hux’s mind to wrap himself in his presence like one would a favourite quilt on a rainy day. The redhead slipped into bed with him with a pleased chuckle, allowing his datapad to remain on the bedside table for now. Instead he busied his fingers with gently massaging Kylo’s scalp as the alpha half laid on, half held him. “That was a fantastic welcome home,” Kylo eventually spoke up with a sleepy grin, face nuzzled into Hux’s neck. The omega laughed softly and kissed the top of his head as he fussed with the blanket he had pulled over Kylo in his sleep. “I had a thought that you might enjoy it.” The Force user let out a lazy hum. “I did.” They laid like that for several long moments, basking in each other’s presence, letting the world continue on without their guidance for the time being. It was a luxury that they could rarely afford at the best of times. Time slipped from their grasp at a steady trickle of first seconds and then minutes, until Hux’s internal clock grew too loud to ignore, forcing him into action. He rolled over to crawl to his nightstand with the intent of fetching his datapad, but was stopped when Kylo tightened his grip. Before the redhead could rebuke him the datapad floated over to be within his reach, settling down on the covers beside them. Hux let out soft snort and picked it up, a smile curling his lips when Kylo pressed a kiss between his shoulderblades. The Force user pulled him closer until his mate was tucked up against him, kept in place with one large arm around the omega’s slender hips and their legs tangled together. He hooked his chin over Hux’s shoulder with a low hum. “Back to work then, Emperor?” he asked. Hux chuckled at the use of his title as he glanced through reports. “Unfortunately, we both have duties outside of the bedroom. Like the mission you just returned from,” Hux replied dryly, glancing back at him with a wry twist to his lips. “I hear that you caught three embezzlers.” The alpha laughed quietly at that before kissing his mate’s chin. Skimming through messages too quickly for Kylo to read even if he was so inclined, Hux sorted them by importance while the Force user traced patterns into his soft stomach. Some fifteen minutes later a new message from Symir came across the screen. The omega opened the correspondence, letting out a hum after he read it. “It seems as though Doctor Farmer is ready to see us,” he said, locking his datapad. Kylo let loose a groan that would lead most to believe he was actually a dying bantha. Hux laughed at the show of dramatics, shoving at the larger man’s shoulder with one hand. “Get up, you wretch. And put on something simple.” The alpha pressed a quick kiss below the redhead’s ear before rolling out of bed with him, stretching until his joints popped as Hux set aside his datapad on the dresser. When Torin was escorted into their sitting room by Symir, both Emperor and Enforcer were dressed down in simple black slacks and tunics. The doctor stood somewhat awkwardly with a datapad clasped tightly in his hands next to the medical droid now in his service. Hux broke the tension by gesturing to one of the chairs across from the couch he was seated on, Kylo turning away from the balcony door he had been gazing out of to join him. “I assume that you have some questions to ask before any physical testing, so you may as well sit,” the redhead said as Kylo leaned back beside him with an arm flung over the back of the couch behind Hux. Torin gave a nod and took his seat. “I do. I’m going to say sorry in advance in case any sound … inappropriate, or really intrusive. These are honestly questions that I’ve asked a lot of patients over the years, and they’re all relevant.” He glanced to Symir as he said this, the secretary quietly using xyr datapad not five feet away. Hux gave a small put-upon sigh and looked to his assistant. “Symir. I need you to pull together a dossier for the Sepilodan trade treaty,” he said, pulling a task from the pool of things on his to-do list. The beta gave a respectful incline of xyr head before silently leaving. Once the front doors had closed, the sound almost too loud in the near silence, Hux addressed the doctor once more. “You may begin.” As Torin had warned, the questions he asked were personal in nature, but all present were mature enough to get through them with their dignity intact, even while responding to queries concerning ejaculation and the frequency with which they had intercourse. In the end Hux ended up with far more questions to answer than Kylo, but the alpha was happy enough to remain where he was. “What heat suppressant are you currently using, what is the dose, and how long have you been using it?” Torin asked as he marked down a note about the last answer. “Subdermal controvin, yearly dose, for five years. I’ve been on this round for ten months.” The doctor gave a nod. “Controvin is excellent in terms of returning to regular heat cycles once treatment has been stopped,” he said with a note of approval. “What other methods of heat suppression have you used in the past?” “Working backwards, estoval for six years, provaest for three, dermovil for four, antetrium for another three, and lastly estronin for eight.” Torin paused, glancing at the numbers a few times before looking to Hux. “So, you were ten years old when you had your first heat?” “No.” Tapping on the side of his datapad, roiling waves of nervousness and worry came off of the doctor with enough force to make Kylo straighten up with a concerned glance at his mate. Finally Torin asked, “When was your first heat?” “I’ve never had one,” Hux said, doing his best to ignore the way the other omega’s eyes widened in surprise. With a hard edge of defensiveness to his tone he continued, “My father knew that it would interfere with my studies.” At the mention of Hux’s father, Kylo’s eyes narrowed to dangerous slits. He knew enough about the man to wish that he had been the one to end his miserable life, but in the end it was something as banal as heart disease that sank the claws of mortality into him. From across the low table between them Torin cleared his throat. “Very well. I’d like to run some blood tests now, if you’re both comfortable with that,” the doctor said, getting to his feet without waiting for an answer. Hux gave a stately nod while Kylo merely bared his arm for the medical droid, which came by for the samples at Torin’s request. A tiny application of bacta after the needle was done its work sealed and healed their twin extraction sites. After a bit of silent fussing with the droid, the brunet’s lips thinned to a narrow line as he read the results over. It took him a good ten minutes but finally he let out a sigh and sat back down to speak. “While there are more tests I can run and nothing will tell us better than time itself how easily you will conceive, I do have some concerns,” he said solemnly. Hux blinked at him. “Concerns?” the Emperor asked primly, attempting to remain calm despite the dread the doctor’s words had inexplicably filled him with. “I’m afraid that you may be infertile, Emperor Hux.” Chapter 5 With a gentle sympathy that made Hux want to scream in frustration, Torin explained the grim reality of the situation: an omega who had never gone through a heat cycle generally ended up with irregularities in their reproductive system. The redhead forced himself to listen to the details, to this new failure brought on by his status as an omega, even as all the insults he had been subjected to during his life threatened to overwhelm him in a cacophony of white noise. “During puberty, as you know, the body undergoes a lot of changes. For an omega, those changes include ones triggered by what are called ‘preliminary non-gestational estrous cycles’. The hormones released during those cycles aid in the healthy development of the ovaries and uterus along with laying the pathway for future heat cycles during which an omega can get pregnant.” He paused to let them process this information, Kylo keeping an arm tensely wrapped around Hux. It was tight enough that the redhead could pretend it was the reason he could barely breathe. “Another factor would be the estronin. I know that after the Empire was destroyed, a lot of loyalists were pushed into hiding, often with little in the way of resources. My guess is that estronin was one of the cheapest and most readily available methods for suppressing heats. However, the reason for this is because it was found to have severe side effects.” “So the Republic banned them and they found their way to the Outer Rim,” Hux bit out, barely able to get the words past his clenched jaw. Shortages were a way of life for Imperial exiles during his childhood; they scraped together what they could, struggling to just exist. Even those in the higher echelons felt the effects. Malnutrition and starvation, faulty or nonexistent health care, overcrowding, outdated technology - Hux had been old enough when the old Empire was torn asunder to know that these things were not normal. To remember a time when hunger was easily sated. When even life-threatening injuries could be erased like magic. Then he had seen his peers wither into skeletons due to food shortages, their hollow bellies becoming black holes that snuffed out their lives. Only the most severe injuries and illnesses were treated by increasingly meagre supplies until conditions which had been proclaimed extinct by civilisation centuries ago were almost commonplace. It brought to mind an engineer he had known during his formative years, a cheerful beta by the name of Anona. She worked on the Star Destroyer he had called home as it limped through the galaxy, keeping it running as best she could with what little they had and a lot of ingenuity. Hux remembered her clearly, even now, having spent hours under her tutelage, learning everything he could about machinery from her. But one cycle she cut her arm at work. It was a small wound that did not warrant treatment other than a bandage recycled from clothing too worn out to be used for its intended purpose. However, perhaps because her immune system was damaged from cramped quarters and little food, it ended up infected. Antibiotics were too scarce for an effective regimen, and so the infection turned to sepsis. In the end his mentor died, delirious from her own body turning on itself. Hux had thought that he had clawed his way out of the ruins of the old Empire relatively unscathed by the conditions of his childhood. Now he knew better, and the truth tasted bitter. He was drawn back to the present by Kylo’s gentle but insistent presence in his mind. The omega sitting across from them was wrapping up his spiel, and for that Hux was grateful. “With treatment, it’s entirely possible that there won’t be a need for surgical intervention. In your case surgery would likely involve growing a internal reproductive system from your DNA and transplanting it into your body. Again, that is only something to consider - medication could be enough to get your body back on track. But you should still discuss what lengths you two are willing to go through, and when.” With a nod, Hux got to his feet, shaking off his mate even though he had to brace his knees to keep them from giving out. The other two men followed suit, Kylo keeping a careful eye on him but trying not to hover. “That will be all for now,” Hux said with a calm he did not feel. “The guard who escorted you here will return you to Doctor Schrebba’s office.” Eager to be out of the Emperor’s presence given the bad news he had just delivered, Torin quickly told the medical droid to follow him. His hurried steps faded away at a brisk pace before the telltale sound of the Imperial Suites’ double doors closing signalled his departure. Kylo watched in silence as his mate took six long strides across the room to pour himself a glass of alcohol normally reserved for late night reading. Knowing better than approach Hux when he was feeling this particular mix of emotions, the Force user clenched his hands into fists at his sides to stop himself from reaching out. Instead he spoke, voice carefully even, with the knowledge that the only thing that would do Hux any good now would be a distraction - the more disconnected from this moment the better. “Is there supposed to be a banquet tomorrow night? I had hoped to miss it while I was on my mission, but I forgot if it was last week or this week,” he tried. Hux knocked back the snifter full of brandy he had gotten before slamming the glass back down on the counter to refill it but did not speak. Seeing this as a better reaction than many his mate could give at the moment, he continued, “I wonder if the Raithal delegate will try inconspicuously tripping me into his omega friend again -” Hux whirled around and flung the glass in his hand at the wall, making it shatter in a rain of glass and amber liquor. At the interruption Kylo shut his mouth with enough force that his teeth ached, falling abruptly silent. The redhead’s rage and hurt and insecurity was roiling off of him in waves now as it began to escape the container he had been trying to keep it in. “Maybe you’d be happier with her!” he yelled, too caught up in his fury to notice Kylo reaching out with the Force to quietly close the patio doors and windows that would let his words flow freely outside. “After all, what use is an omega that can’t breed?” Hux began to pace, muttering more to himself than to the alpha. “I can’t fucking believe this. Conquered the galaxy, but can’t get knocked up.” Kylo frowned at that. “That isn’t true, Hux. And Farmer said -” “I bloody know what the doctor said, and it was as good as a load of bantha shit in this situation!” Hux shot back with a note of hysteria as he came to a stop facing Kylo. “Time isn’t exactly standing still and the older I get the higher the chance of even more complications. And if any of this gets out, it’ll be another nail in my less than proverbial coffin.” That statement had Kylo moving forward, eyes flat with anger as he reached out and placed his hands on Hux’s shoulders. The omega shrugged one off as he glanced to the side, arms firmly crossed over his narrow chest, but Kylo just used it to cup the side of Hux’s face instead. With a touch that was both gentle and solid he tilted the redhead’s face until their eyes met. Below the anger, Kylo could feel Hux’s disgust with himself, with the failings of his body, and the jagged weight of it on his psyche. Smoothing the pad of his thumb against his mate’s sharp cheekbone he leaned in to rest their foreheads together. “You know I’d never let anything happen to you even if that was true,” he murmured gently. Some of the tension in Hux’s body bled away at that, but it was nowhere near enough for Kylo to be satisfied; using both what the doctor had told them and the rational whispers in Hux’s own mind, he continued to soothe away the redhead’s anxieties. “If you think it would be better to jump straight to surgery, then we can do that. If you want to try hormones or whatever other treatments there are first, then we can do that. You’re the strongest, smartest person I know, and the only thing you can’t do is fail.” Hux slowly relaxed as his mate spoke, letting his words soothe him. There was still that ever-present kernel of doubt in his mind, as Kylo was all too aware, but the Force user’s quiet reassurances were slowly burying it under layers of logic that Hux wore as armour. He allowed Kylo to pull him close and slowly returned the embrace, tucking his face against the alpha’s neck. After several long moments he said, voice gruff, “Thank you.” With a fond smile Kylo squeezed him in response. They parted when Hux began to feel restless again, though this time it was not from self-loathing rearing its ugly head and instead the thousand tasks he had waiting for him. “We both have things we should get to,” Kylo admitted. He wanted nothing more than to carry his mate back to their bed until his worries were far away once again but such moments were stolen and weighed against their responsibilities, he knew. “We do.” Hux gave him a soft kiss before stooping down to retrieve his datapad from the coffee table. With it he summoned the Suites’ cleaning droid and directed it to the mess he had made in his fit of temper before tucking the datapad under one arm. Turning to Kylo he said, “I’ll be working late, but you’re welcome to have dinner with me in my office unless you’re otherwise disposed.” “I’ll make sure that my calendar has room for it,” Kylo promised. His mate turned to leave and get dressed in clothing more suited to wear outside their rooms, only to pause at the door and glance back at him with the ghost of a smirk on his lips. “And make sure that your schedule is clear for tomorrow night as well. The banquet wasn’t last week.” With that he finally parted ways with Kylo, amusement at the alpha’s shocked silence ringing through their bond. As soon as Hux walked through the back door of his office some fifteen minutes later, he was accosted by Symir, the beta handing him an offline datapad with his most recent private contact reports as xe brought him up to date. His earlier breakdown took a back seat as he buried himself in work, numbers and text and graphs taking the place of his father’s voice parroting back his inadequacies. When he was feeling more defiant and less reticent, he would sometimes muse on the disparity between what he had achieved and what society deemed fitting for an omega. The media painted the picture that they were docile toys to be used and kept, ogled and bred. They were blamed for the power their biological processes held over alphas and the violent responses that ensued. For years he had passed as a beta to keep himself from falling prey to the same cruelties that other omegas were subjected to. There was no doubt in his mind that, had the truth been known, he never would have reached a rank anywhere near as prestigious as general. Instead of commendations and promotions, he would have been overlooked and subjected to sexual harassment at best. Pulled from his reminiscing by a memo, Hux re-read the document in its entirety once more before putting it down thoughtfully. Once the infrastructure was in place for a standardised curriculum a year or so after the Empire was truly instated and Theelan was made the capital, a contest of sorts had been launched for those in their fourth formal year of schooling. Its aim was to promote friendly rivalry, reward success, and give some of the youngest citizens of the Empire the chance to meet their Emperor face-to-face. Eight-year-olds were at an age where they were still very impressionable but also mostly free of childhood blights which, at times, made even their own parents want to jettison them into the orbit of a nearby star. From a practical standpoint, a minimum of snot-covered clothing and temper tantrums were best for a publicity event. This year’s winning school had been determined. Given the current situation he and Kylo were in, being seen with children - particularly as a couple - would work out well in the long run. While it was true that Kylo worked with children of all ages on an almost daily basis, the Force sensitive students under his wing were kept well out of the public’s prying eye. Hux’s own work as Emperor usually only had him brushing shoulders with adults in positions of power. The media would no doubt be delighted and the entire thing could be looked back upon fondly once news of an heir being on the way was spread. It would also help assuage public concerns regarding their aptitude to raising children if they were seen interacting with some. Hux jotted down a memo to himself on to consult with Kylo on the matter before carrying on with his work, barely noticing as first minutes and then hours passed, too engrossed in toiling away to notice when his body tried to make its own inconvenient needs known. He was looking over some documents pertaining to resource acquisition when a knock at the door jarred him out of reading long enough to impatiently ask, “What is it, Symir?” “It’s Kylo, actually,” his mate fondly teased. Hux let out a huff of laughter at the reply, finally broken out of his trance by the alpha’s appearance. “You’re here early,” the redhead commented as he stood, joints cracking and snapping from finally being moved after so long in one position. He winced a bit, a hand braced on his lower back, before striding forward to take a plate of food from Kylo. The Force user raised an eyebrow and looked pointedly out the office viewport. Hux followed his gaze to find that night had fallen, electricity now illuminating the garden in the place of sunlight. “Ah. I see.” With an amused chuckle Kylo pressed a kiss to his mate’s temple before taking his hand and urging him to sit down. The omega sighed with far too much zeal for it to be anything but exaggeration as he followed. Once they were settled in a comfortable tangle of limbs on the couch, Hux eased into Kylo’s side with one of the alpha’s arms wrapped around him, a peaceful calm descended over the pair while they ate. Finding his mate uncharacteristically silent, Hux glanced to the Force user and asked, “What’s on your mind?” “Hm? Oh. Sorry. I was just … wondering.” Hux arched an eyebrow, taking it upon himself to feed the alpha for once and offering him a slice of lightly seasoned vegetable. “Wondering? That isn’t very specific.” Kylo ate the food dutifully, giving a helpless shrug as he swallowed. “About what they’ll be like,” he admitted before clarifying further, “Our children.” Hux gave a half smile at that, equal parts anxiety and excitement. “I do too.” Series this work belongs to: Part 1 of the Dynasty series