Kylo woke up and found that her side of the bed was empty. She sat up, and yawned. She stretched before getting out of bed to find her girlfriend. "Amrie? Where you at babe?" Kylo screamed into their loft. It appeared that Kylo was alone. Millicent mewled and rubbed her body against Kylo's. Kylo bent down to pick her up, she rubbed behind her ears and went back into their main bedroom. "It appears that Huxxy has left us." Kylo informed Millicent. It was Sunday, the one day of the week where Armie was supposed to stay home. Kylo tried to calm her anger by the thought of her girlfriend going to work on their day. She's done it before, and Kylo knows that Armie loves her but when she chooses to go to work instead of spending the day with Kylo.. it feels personal. Kylo tried not to think about it and decided to go shower. Millicent watched Kylo enter the bathroom with sad eyes, Kylo rolled her eyes. "Fine Millicent, I'll leave the door open you goddamn perv!" Millicent meowed and happily walked right up to the door frame. When Kylo got out of the shower she smelled food and heard her girlfriend's voice. Kylo quickly ran into the living room, and found Armie on the phone. "No, no do not take that plea deal!" Kylo wrapped her wet arms around Armie and she groaned and tensed when she felt Kylo's cool slick arms. Kylo, in true annoying Kylo fashion started to press light kisses on her girlfriend's neck and shoulders. "Mitaka, I'm going to have to call you back." Armie hung up and flinged her phone onto the couch. "Kylo get off of me, you're soaking wet!" Kylo only grabbed Armie tighter. She sighed. "I missed you, where did you go?" Kylo asked as she continued to press light kisses wherever she could reach Armie's skin. "I left, uh for a while then I came back to get you some breakfast, now I'll have to change since you got me all wet!" Kylo slowly let go of her girlfriend. She turned her around and placed her heavy hands on her shoulders. Huxxy's hair was pulled into it's signiture bun, she was wearing work clothes, and she was avoiding Kylo's gaze. "Don't try to change the subject here babe, where did you go" Kylo asked again. Huxxy finally looked into Kylo's eyes. "I had to go to work okay? The kid that we're-" "Oh come on! It's Sunday!! Sunday, our day, you're supposed to be unavailable." Kylo flailed her arms into the air and griped her towel tighter, she was pissed. "Kylo, honey," Huxxy's British accent came out stronger whenever she tried to persuade someone, especially Kylo. "Don't, "Honey me!" this is our day!" Kylo pouted and turned away from Armie, she crossed her arms. Basically she looked like a three year old who has just been told no more ice cream. Armie sighed and left Kylo there in the living room. Kylo bit her lips to keep from screaming she turned to throw something, anything. "Try not to destroy our apartment while I get dressed." Kylo screamed and stomped to their bedroom. She was about to speak when she got an idea in her mind. She grinned smugly at Armie who was just in her underwear. She was pressed against their closet looking for something else to put on. "Look, Kylo I'm sorry, but this case is very important to the firm. We have to win! I know that Sundays are important to you, and they're important to me I just have to go to.." Armie's voice trailed off as Kylo slowly slid her towel off. Standing completely nude in front of Huxxy. Huxxy cleared her throat. "I understand babe." Kylo said as she cornered Armie. "Ww-what are you doing?" Armie asked as Kylo kissed her ear. Her damn weak spot. "I think you know." "Kylo I c-can't!" Kylo rolled her finger teasingly on Armie's lacey panties. Kylo pulled back and looked at Armie. She reached behind her head and pulled on her hair tie, her curly hair came to life, which only added to Armie's beauty. "Beautiful." Kylo said. Armie blushed, her pale blue eyes studying Kylo's face. Kylo bent down to kiss Armie. Their soft lips pressed together, and when Armie opened her mouth for Kylo to deepen the kiss, Kylo urged her tongue forward. She rolled her tongue with Armie's. When Armie groaned, Kylo pulled back. "See you when you get home from work." Kylo said smirking. Notes: LMFAO, Kylo left Armie hanging! What a fucking dick! Anyway, I hope that you liked it! I might write a future scenario because I kinda want Hux to get Kylo back, but I'm not making any sort of promises! Anyways follow me on tumblr! otp-kylux