Moving Back, and Moving In Silverhill was a quiet town, quaint, and small, boasting a population under eight hundred people, the main street barely stretching over six blocks. “Blink and you’ll miss it,” was an understatement- not only was the town small, at only a little over a square mile in total size, but the main stretch of road that wasn’t occupied by old fashioned buildings was shaded by thick overgrowths of ancient oak trees. Trees that had seen too much, and were weighed down by the centuries, their branches dipping low to the ground, only clearing the road after long years- nearly half a century of adapting to traffic. Those trees had seen everything. The rise and fall of plantations that crumbled and washed away under the wrath of hurricanes and human beings refusing to be owned as secondary property, the battles of the Civil War, cholera outbreaks, the last major epidemics of yellow fever. Their roots curled around mass graves, hiding them from the modern era, keeping the horrors of the past buried deep in the earth, drawing their ancient strength from the dead. It was hard not to get lost in one’s observation of the hulking verdant behemoths- after all, if one was ignorant of what those knowing branches were heavy with, didn’t pry at what lay buried beneath their gnarled roots, they were a haven. An old, reassuring haven from the blistering sun- those branches were so thick with moss, leaves and miniature ecosystems contained in the network of bark and leaf, that the shade provided was at least ten degrees cooler than the sunlight outside their reach. One could easily mistake these silent eldritch wardens for gentle, peaceful guardians, taking relief and comfort from the Southern heat in their shadows. Those shadows, the outreaching branches, they engulfed and distracted the eye and mind from the fact that Silverhill seemed to be frozen in time. The buildings still clung to their origins defiantly, the architecture and fading façades standing testament to the passage of time. The old schoolhouse, an artefact from the late 1800’s, was constantly touched up to hide wear and tear, now bursting with history, used as a library, and still providing knowledge to a much wider age group. The old pharmacy, once an apothecary, still sported an old exterior from the early 1900’s, made to cover the former appearance of an archaic practise. The city held secrets from those who didn’t know how to look, who only saw with the eyes of entranced tourists, or travellers simply passing through. Those who were jaded, experienced, and knew what they were looking for, didn’t see the wonder, the antiquated charm, or the novel attraction of stepping into the past. They saw the shadows, they tread carefully, lightly around the buried secrets, kept their eyes down and their mouths shut. It was the only way to keep those secrets from ruining your life, after all- these secrets tended to have sharp teeth in wide, grinning mouths eager to bite. It was a mindset that Sebastian Hux was keeping as he drove down Highway 104 under the dark cool shade of the canopy of oak branches. Sunglasses kept the bright Southern sun out of his grey-green eyes, and a layer of sunblock kept the rays from giving his pale freckled skin a sunburn and another layer of freckles. The AC whirred, kicking cool dry air through the vents and filling the Rolls Royce with the scent of sandlewood and leather that only enhanced the smell of fairly-new, but well-cared-for car and its leather interior. The cold air was a delightfully stark contrast to the sweltering, humid air that practically pressed against the matte black paint of the sleek Phantom. In the back seat, his essentials were in boxes, his uniform bags hanging from the clothes hooks, his suitcases in the trunk. His jacket was carefully laid over the back of the front seat, the sleeves of his shirt rolled neatly to his elbows. Schubert filtered through the speakers at a low volume, and Hux hummed softly along with the well known and loved melody, fingers drumming over the steering wheel. His eyes were on the road, his GPS patiently ticking down the miles until his next turn. He didn’t need the GPS- he still knew the backroads of the lower Baldwin County micropolitan like the lines in his palms, despite his attempts in the past ten years to forget everything about the rural area. Despite his attempts, it seemed the South wasn’t going to let him go without a fight, dragging him back in as slowly and surely as the thick black mud of a bog. Schubert faded as the shrill, no-nonsense beep of his phone sounded over the speakers. Tapping a button on the steering wheel, Hux answered the phone call as he flicked his blinker to turn left onto Highway Nine. “Hux,” he said simply. “Hux, are you still driving? I’d hoped not to catch you while you were still on the interstate,” said Dopheld Mitaka over the speakers. “Just turned onto Highway Nine,” Hux replied, turning as his GPS cheerfully prompted him, despite having known for ten minutes it was coming. “Oh! I thought you’d still be on I-10 at this point!” Mitaka sounded surprised. “I’m still on Thirty-Two, about to cross over the Fish River bridge.” “Don’t rush on my account, since you’re almost there” Hux said smoothly, letting the large black car hug the sweeping curve of Highway Nine. “I just didn’t want to be unpacking when the sun went down. Is the moving crew en route?” “The first truck already moved in your furniture, as requested. The second truck with the boxes will be here in the morning. Millicent is at the boarder on Highway 48 as requested, until you are moved in and have the stables prepared for her,” Mitaka replied, and Hux could hear the sound of tires bumping over the bridge. He’d be at the dairy about the same time as Hux, if he kept up his current speed. “Thank you, Dopheld. You’ve been indispensable during this whole mess,” Hux said, his tone warming- especially at the mention of his beloved Tennessee Walker. The mare was a loving, patient, but quirky horse with a mind of her own, and Hux adored her. He couldn’t wait to have her back. Mitaka gave a small laugh on the other end. “Nothing to thank me for, this is my job, and it certainly broke the monotony of dealing with people squabbling over the inconsequential ‘estates’ old baby boomer relatives they hated until they passed away,” he quipped, and Hux smiled. “Glad I could give you something interesting to do.” “Don’t get me wrong, work is work, but it’s not every day that someone gets to handle something like the Woodhaven Dairy. Tongues are wagging, Hux, so be prepared for questions- the prodigal Hux has returned, and a new man, at that. When there’s less than twenty thousand people in two neighbouring towns, the rumour mill runs quicker than wildfire.” “As I know all too well,” Hux replied smoothly. It was one of the reasons he’d left Alabama and the razor sharp edge of passive aggression known as Southern Hospitality, insults coated with “bless your heart,” condescension disguised with “Honey, Darling,” or “Sweetie.” The turn was coming. Hux turned off the GPS- hearing it announce “You have arrived” in a chipper tone was somehow… damning. Finalising. “Turning in now,” he said. “I will see you shortly.” “See you in a bit,” Mitaka replied, hanging up, leaving Hux alone in the car with Schubert playing softly once more. He took a deep breath and eased the black car into the driveway, sliding through the thick bushes that lined either side of the gravel pathway. Honeysuckle. Fat bumblebees drifted lazily between the blossoms, buzzing contentedly, covered in pollen. A pair of mockingbirds scuffled in mid-flight, their raucous cries sounding through the air. Somewhere in the distance, a crow laughed in a fit of Schadenfreude as the smaller birds grappled. A squirrel paused, acorns stuffed in its cheeks as it watched the car roll by. Once the tires crossed the threshold of the property, passing through the gate, the honeysuckle blossoms were neglected, and fewer. No squirrels darted across the driveway. The only sounds of birds was that of those outside the fence. The trees were still, devoid of animal life. Hux glanced at his in-dash thermometer. It slowly ticked down- 102… 100… 98… 96… 92… 90…. and it held. More than ten degrees cooler inside the fence- and Hux was still in full sunlight. The Rolls came to a stop by the house in a patch of shade, and Hux put the gear into park. He turned the car off, leaving it in accessory, and watched as the thermometer dropped another ten degrees, and held steady at 80 degrees. Outside the fence, in the sun, Alabama’s late summer sun shone and warmed the world to 102 degrees Fahrenheit. Inside, the world was more than twenty degrees colder, as though the sun could only permeate so much before the land protested. The house was the same as he remembered. Small, quaint, farmhouse, with the faded blue siding so pale it was nearly white, aged navy blue shutters, and the grey tiled roof hidden under thick branches of the oak tree that loomed over the house. The screened front porch held one sign of life- a singular, particularly determined banana spider in a half made web strung between the door and eaves. Hux stared at it, at the long legs and swollen yellow abdomen contrasting against the pale blue-white. Even as he watched, looking intently at the arachnid, he saw no movement. No subtle twitch of legs as it tested its web for prey, no shifting on threads of silk. It became apparent to Hux that the spider was dead- not long, but no longer alive, and would hang there until its web decayed and dropped the corpse to the ground, or until Hux himself cleared the web from the eaves. He wanted to get out, to reacquaint himself with the property his grandfather had lived on, where he’d visited as a child, but his legs wouldn’t move. Getting out, taking a step alone onto the grounds, taking it in, it was all an act of damnation. An acceptance, a resignation to his fate, his entrapment. He glanced at the old slaughterhouse, chills running down his spine as eyes locked with the shadows of the long neglected building. Once, cows had been taken into it for slaughter, when they were unable to produce any more milk, sold to the local butcher. Neighbouring farms- now private residential properties and hunting grounds- had brought their own beef cows for slaughter as well, the farms collaborating and working together. Now, the building was silent, nearly in ruins. Windows were long gone, metal rusted, stone weathering. Hux had never been inside, but he knew it went at least one level into the ground, if not two- cold storage for the purpose of ageing freshly slaughtered meat. A place of death, left to rot to the merciless tide of time- a fate worse in the South as humidity and heat were a harsher force of nature than time on its own. Hux finally opened the door to the Rolls, and got out of the car. His first steps, his homecoming, the unsteady stride he’d take out of his vehicle- they had to be done alone. He glanced up as the shade covering him darkened, and his red brows furrowed. Storm clouds had built behind the line of trees, and were now encroaching. Not unusual for this time of year, certainly, and the storm would be a welcome relief from the heat. His nostrils flared as the first gust from the approaching storm washed over him, carrying the scent of summer heat, the sweet cloy of honeysuckle, hot asphalt, and ozone. Memories washed over him of his grandmother, sitting in the porch swing with a glass pitcher of tea brewing on the table in the sun, their old rottweiler snoozing on the sunfaded rug, snorting in his sleep as he dreamed. His grandmother always knew when the storm would hit, and she’d pull everyone and everything inside moments before the rain started to fall. She said the touch of ozone in the air made her tea perfect. A soft sound caught Hux’s attention, and he turned his head towards it- back towards the slaughterhouse. The yawning black looked empty, but Hux knew something was lurking just inside, watching him. He could feel eyes on him, staring, peering- the curious gaze of something intelligent, but feral. You stay out of that building when you go visit, Sebastian. Why, Papa? There’s something wrong about it. Something lives in that old slaughterhouse, and you’d best stay out of it, you hear me? Yes, Papa . The breeze picked up, rustling Hux’s hair as he continued staring into the pitch black. The sound he’d heard was the grating of something over stone. His gaze was unwavering, and he could sense, could feel something staring back at him. The shadows intensified as the clouds came closer, picking up speed as the winds kicked up- but a flash of lightning illuminated the area. Revealing a tall shadowy figure standing in the slaughterhouse. Taller than Hux, possibly six foot seven, maybe taller. Hux couldn’t tell from this distance. It was distinctly male, humanoid, but the way it stood, the way it held itself, the way its form seemed unstable, incorporeal…. It wasn’t human. Thunder boomed, and the sound of tires on gravel had Hux startling as headlights crossed the entryway to the malevolent darkness where a horror lurked, watching and waiting. A champagne coloured Lexus stopped a respectful distance from the Rolls Royce, and Dopheld Mitaka got out. Hux didn’t turn to look at him, refusing to look away from the gaze that held him. “That is a nice car,” Mitaka commented appreciatively, eyeing the sleek black car. He glanced over at Hux, then followed his gaze, frowning. “Something in there?” Hux finally tore his eyes away and turned to face Mitaka, who was wearing khakis and an aqua polo, sunglasses perched on top of his head, a leather briefcase clutched in his hand. “No. Nothing at all,” Hux said softly. “You have the keys?” Mitaka nodded, pulling them out and handing them to Hux. “Technically, I shouldn’t hand them over to you until you sign the paperwork, but I figure it’d be nice to unlock the door yourself, right?” Hux wordlessly turned and headed to the side door, avoiding the dead spider that now spun limply in the quickening breeze. It would be gone before nightfall. He slid the key into the lock, and with a neat snick, the deadbolt gave, and for the first time in twenty years, Sebastian Hux stepped into the lavender and cream kitchen. The tile had been redone, a plain white linoleum, but the lavender and cream curtains, the wallpaper with the wisteria trim, the white marble countertops and cream painted cabinetry, it was all the same as he remembered. His loafers clicked on the smooth floor, carrying him to the table. Mitaka set his briefcase down, but didn’t open it. “We can sign it after you get your bearings. I imagine you’d like to see if the furniture has been arranged to your liking?” He suggested. Hux rummaged in his pocket and produced a pack of Djarums and a lighter. He nodded, sticking one in his mouth and lighting it as he strode off to examine the house. Normally, he wouldn’t smoke in the house, and he had no intentions of making a habit of it, but anything to get the smell of stale air and stagnation out of the room. He moved from room to room, eyeing the furniture, trailing clove and vanilla smoke behind him. His black leather couch set, the lounge chair, the black coffee table were unscathed. His study- the desk, the liquor cabinet, the rug, all made it in one piece. He went upstairs to the master bedroom and saw with relief his bed was just where he’d asked, his wardrobe in place, the mirror still flawless, the nightstand already set up. “All in order,” he said, pleased, as he moved back to the kitchen. He still had three empty rooms, but he’d been living in a two bedroom apartment in Maryland before being dragged back down to the South. He’d find something to do with the empty rooms eventually, he supposed. Mitaka arranged the paperwork and sat at the table. “Let’s get to it,” Hux said matter of factly, sitting down and taking a long drag of his Djarum. “Don’t want you heading out after nightfall, unless you want to crash on the sofa.” “I’ll pass,” Mitaka said with a chuckle. “Alright. You know the stipulations: You get nothing if you abandon the property as a primary residence. A member of your family, by blood, must always occupy the house. Otherwise, the trust funds, the bonds, the investments, the stocks, the bank accounts, the estate, they all go to the other documented beneficiaries.” Hux nodded, pulling a fountain pen from his pocket, ready to sign. “You also know the other fine details, you made me stay up reading every inch of fine print.” Hux nodded again. “My grandfather left nothing to chance. Luckily, I had no siblings, and the family requirement of blood inheriting the property means it’s mine, regardless of his disagreement with my father,” he said dryly. “Lucky me.” “Alright. Sign where it’s marked. There’s quite a bit here. Then we’ll sign the deeds, and we’ll be done.” Hux staggered into his room, brandy still on his lips, his dinner warm in his stomach. Exhaustion was setting in, exacerbated by a stomach full of brandy and tarragon chicken. He’d showered as his dinner baked in the oven, ate, then enjoyed a cigarette on the porch with three fingers of brandy, listening to the storm rage overhead. Now, he had to make his bed- he’d packed his bedding in his car with his essentials, the comforter and sheets too expensive to be trusted to movers. Stripping to his underwear, and removing his packer, Hux moved to a box and pulled out his bedding, and sloppily made his bed- he made sure the mattress liner and the fitted sheet were put on properly, but the sheets, the blanket, the duvet, he tossed onto the bed. He arranged his pillows, listening to the thunder as it cracked and roared in the skies- the only thing he’d really missed about the South- then once his bed was suitable to sleep in, he turned off the lights, and fell into the nest of blankets and pillows. It didn’t take the exhausted man long to fall asleep, lulled by the pouring rain and roaring thunder. So tired was he, that he didn’t even stir as a heavy thump sounded through the rain on the roof above his room. Long, wicked claws curled around the eaves, and wings spread, rain pattering over the leathery membranes. A long snout, a muzzle of bone, devoid of flesh, bent low as the massive shadow hunched to peer through the window. Empty eye sockets stared at the man sleeping on black and red blankets, his body twisted in a thick duvet as he sprawled on his stomach. Rain dripped from bare fangs and pooled in the exposed nasal cavity, jaws creaking slightly as they parted, the skeletal face tilting. The man hadn’t been scared. He’d looked and stared, only turning away when the other human called for his attention. The man had to die. Instinct driven by centuries of obligation, of blood magic and vengeance, of death marks written by screams as necks were broken, demanded that this man die. Claws itched to rip and tear, jaws parted further, eager to sink fangs into flesh, to drink deep of lifeblood that had driven the never ending desire to eliminate an entire bloodline. Claws cracked open the window, long, horrifying limbs unfurling to prepare to launch weight into the man’s room- and then, hesitation. This scent. It was the bloodline. The one of which was for killing, devouring, drinking, sating a never ending thirst, hunger, lust. Yet…. The Blood. The Blood of the Coven. It was faint, but it was there, throbbing in this fearless man’s veins, singing in arteries. Clawed hands pushed the window closed, and carried the monster across the roof. Panic had skeletal jaws parted as the shadowy monstrosity launched from the roof and skittered, a mess of long limbs, tattered black cloth and wings as it disappeared back into the bowels of the slaughterhouse. The rain, perhaps , it mused. Yes . The rain. It hid scents. Masked them. Carefully, the monster considered, tilting its horrifying head, visage glinting wet with rain. Yes. This man must be studied. It must learn, know him. Maybe this man knew and lied, masked his scent with Blood of the Coven. Oh, if it lied… if it tried to be one of those that bound the creature…. His death would come slowly. But first, he must be studied. The creature shuddered violently, outline becoming fluid, protean. The skeletal face cracked, groaned, shifted and receded. Wings curled around the slender frame, and emulated clothing, imitated what it knew. Claws became long pale fingers, and the spiked mane became soft, wild hair. Glittering amber brown eyes narrowed as they studied the dark house where the target slept, unaware- or foolishly ignoring- how his death watched from the shadows. A plush mouth spread into a sharp, glittering smile. He would know soon enough, and he would acknowledge it with a chorus of screams as he paid a blood debt centuries old with his own blood. The creature had spilled blood of his line before, but it was never enough. It would never be enough. A Hound of Hell bound by vengeance would never be sated.