Prologue-A Perfect Family Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) "It's almost time for your parents to get here" Leia told the three children. "Quick, quick, put on your shoes, you know your mother's never late!" Dawn scrambled to her feet and ran over to where she had left her shoes by the door, the plopped down on the floor and began pulling them on. The two boys ran around looking for their shoes, which they had somehow misplaced. Then Leia produced them from behind the couch and handed the two pairs of shoes to her grandsons. "Hurry" she muttered to them, not loud enough for their sister to hear. "Your sister is going to beat you, and you can't let her beat you at anything!" Both boys nodded vigorously and sat down to pull on their shoes. Han managed it himself, but the youngest, Anakin, had a bit of trouble in his rush to get ready for his mother to arrive. Leia knelt down in front of him and helped. "Thanks" he muttered to her. She hugged him before he ran to the door as well. Right on time, the door swung open and Abby literally slid into the room. "Heyyyy" she said. "How are you three doing?" Her three children all tackled her with a hug. She smiled, then whispered " You're forgetting someone ." Anakin broke away from the group hug and ran to his father, who picked him up. "Hi" Ben said. "Daddy" Anakin cried in excitement. He threw his arms around his father's neck. Ben hugged him. "Good to see you to Anakin" he told his son. He was the only one in the family who refused to nickname him Ani, and his knew his son appreciated it, as he would often complain that Ani was "a girls name." Ben put Anakin down and hugged his other children, the twins, Han and Dawn Solo. Abby walked over to Leia and hugged her mother-in-law. "Thanks for watching them" she said. "Oh, it was no trouble" Leia assured her. "Sometimes it gets boring here, with only myself and Chewbacca." "Speaking of Chewie, where is he" Abby asked. "He had to leave, the dear wanted to run some errands for me. I swear, he thinks I'm his new mistress or something" Leia said. Abby smiled. "That's sweet. Did they have fun?" "As usual" Leia told her. Abby nodded. "Obviously" she said. Ben came over and hugged his mother as well. "Nice to see you Ben" Leia said. "Hows it going at the Jedi temple?" "Same as usual" Ben told her. "Slowly but surely. There's quite a few students coming in soon, that's gonna be a handful. And some of the current ones are almost old enough to start taking Abby's class, which I'm still kind of unsure about the results-" "It's called necessary education Ben" Abby cut in. "Master Luke said it was." "I know, but some of that stuff-" "And that's why the younglings will start taking it at a certain age, not when they're really young and can be influenced by that sort of thing." "How old is the age limit" Leia inquired. "Twelve" Abby said. "The oldest kid in the program is ten, so I've still got two more years, and by that time all of these guys will be in the academy as well" she told Leia, gesturing to the three children, who were waiting impatiently in the doorway. "Daddy, can we go" Han asked. "You said-" "Shhh" Ben told his son. "What did I say about that?" "Oh, sorry" Han said, looking down at his shoes. Leia smiled. "I see they're anxious to get going. Good to see you Ben. And you too Abby." Abby and Ben both hugged Leia and thanked her one more time, before walking out of the house with their children. Notes: -Author- And there's the beginning. This is just a bit of exposition for what's been going on in the galaxy, a catch-up with all your favorite characters, and an introduction to the newest additions to the family (Dawn, Han, and Anakin). Of course, we saw the twins in the last part of When Worlds Collide, but they were literally newborns then, and we didn't see or hear anything about little Anakin over here. If you want to know the children's ages then here they are: Dawn and Han are six. Anakin is three (Three years younger then the twins). I love the idea of Abby just trying to be that cool mom and actually acting like a huge dork, then Ben's just kind of quietly following her lead. Okay, hope you guys enjoyed this part of the story, see you in the next part! XOX, AbbyGrace31415 P.S. The point of view in the next part it first person, just a heads-up. Chapter 2 : I Accidentally Start Waterballoonmageddon Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) -Anakin Solo- Han pushed me in the lake. So it was his fault that waterballoonmageddon started, not mine. Whoa, whoa, I probably should back up, introduce myself, all that stuff. My name is Anakin Solo, and I'm twelve years old. I have twin older siblings (please insert eternally annoying between older and siblings ), Han Solo, a.k.a. the one who pushed me in the lake, and Dawn Solo, the oldest, also the only girl. They're both fifteen. All three of us live at the Jedi academy, which is also where our parents work. Our dad, Ben Solo, is a Jedi master, and our mom, Abby Grace, teaches Greek Mythology. The Jedi temple works like this: There are three main classes that everybody takes. Basics of the Force, which is taught by my great uncle Luke, Combat, which is taught by my dad, and History/Mythology, which is taught by my mom. Then there are all these other classes, but those are the main ones you take. (No mom, I'm not making a Big Three joke. I've heard enough of those in your class) I just got into my moms class, which has an age limit, probably because of how messed-up the stuff is. Seriously, halfway into the very first myth and we've already seen some guy commit patricide and marry his sister. Gross, I know. But I've already heard a load of these stories from my family, so I've already done the pausing-in-the-middle-of-reading-the-myth-to-throw-up stage. Anyway, Han was actually talking to me about mom's class when he pushed me into the lake. We were on the dock that leads out into the lake that sits by the Jedi temple during lunch hour-a.k.a. an hour and a half for all the students to wander around doing pretty much nothing, 'cause lunch is over by the first ten minutes. Han was waiting for his friend, Kenneth Dameron to show up, so he let me hang out with him. Aaaaaaand then he pushed me into the lake. "Ooops" he said. I kicked to the surface, really annoyed, because now I would have to spend lunch hour walking back home, changing, and getting back to the temple before classes started again. "What was that for" I asked. "Sorry" Han protested. "I was just messing with you." "Yeah, because messing with me means shoving me clear off the dock" I grumbled, swimming over to the dock. "Give me hand up." Han obliged, helping me climb back onto the dock. "And, for the record" I added. "That was not funny." Han looked like he wanted to bust out laughing at the sight of me sopping wet, but he didn't. I began trudging towards our house to get changed. Most of the students live in the dorms, a little ways away from the temple, but my siblings and I, plus a few others (Namely Haley Skywalker and Ken Dameron) lived in the houses that were an easy walking distance from the temple, but quite a waste of a lunch hour to walk to. But, wait for it, it got even better ! Behind a tree that I walked past two kids were hanging out, with a bucket of water balloons sitting beside them. "Look at him" one said to the other. On no I thought. That sounds like Cade . "He's already soaked. Let's finish the job." Before I could say another word I took a water balloon to the face. "Really" I asked. "Did you really want to do that?" I heard a bit of laughing, but they wouldn't be laughing for long. I walked over and scooped up two water balloons, one in each hand. Both kids backed away. One was Cade, the biggest idiot in the temple. Why he was Force-sensitive was a mystery to me, but he had been accepted into the temple anyway. Han, Ken, and I had a made a pact to crush him in Combat whenever we got the chance, because this was our school. Not Cade's and his entourage of followers. The other kid was his biggest supporter, a guy everybody called Dan. I'd never really seen them both together, but now that I did I realized that if I didn't get lucky with these water balloons I would be in massive trouble. I backed up, praying for at least one good shot. I aimed with my right at Cade, just to see the look on his ugly face when it smacked him in the nose. SPLAT! It did smack him in the nose, and the look on his face was priceless. Then I threw my other water balloon at Dan. He dodged, proving something-He wasn't as much of an idiot as Cade. It hit the back of some kids head, who turned and saw Cade and Dan advancing on me. He tapped his friends on the shoulder so they could all watch whatever was going to happen to me. I scooped up another two water balloons, and then, thank the gods, Kenneth came down the path, heading for the dock. Sure, Ken was the name of some barbie doll or whatever, but if you saw the guy you wouldn't tease him about it. He was the one year younger then Han, but he was easily as tall as him, and Han wasn't short. None of us were short, I was probably the height of a thirteen-year-old. "Hey, Anakin, watcha doing" he asked, walking over to me. He seemed oblivious to the fact that Cade and Dan were standing there, looking really mad by that point. I shrugged. "Take a guess" I offered. Ken glanced at Cade and Dan. "Oh, I see what's up. You guy's are on" he said, and picked up some water balloons as well. "Hey Han" he yelled down to the dock. "Get up here!" Han came up behind me, and Ken informed him of the water balloon showdown. There was quite a lot of kids gathered around us now. Then two girls came out of the crowd. "Don't you dare" one said. "Start the fight without us!" It was Dawn and Haley. Dawn, like I said before, is my older sister, and Haley Skywalker is our cousin. They both picked up some water balloons too. I grinned in Cade's direction. "It's on" I said, then I threw the water balloon. And all Hades broke loose. Everyone was going to have to change after that water balloon fight. I don't even know where we got all the water balloons, but they just kept coming and we kept throwing them. It was Cade's followers versus me, my siblings, and our friends. Impossible match, right? Well, not exactly. You see, aside from his followers, not many kids liked Cade. Maybe because he had a winning habit of sticking kids heads in the toilets, that charmer. Whatever the case, it ended up as a full-scale war. Once everyone was soaked through and either laughing hysterically or screaming for blood, Dawn, Han, and I took a prisoner of war. We all grabbed Cade and started dragging him to the dock. "THIS ONE GOES IN THE LAKE" I shouted. Everyone started cheering, Ken and Haley guarding us from Cade's buddies as we dragged him nearer and nearer to the water. He was kicking and squirming like a fussy child. Everyone laughed as he held him close to the water. "IN THE LAKE! IN THE LAKE! IN THE LAKE!" It's funny how quickly people will turn on each other, especially when they're ganging up on someone nobody likes. I held up one hand one hand for the countdown. "THREE! TWO! O-" "WAIT JUST A MINUTE!" Everyone froze. Everyone at the Jedi academy knew that voice. "Oh no" Dawn said quietly. "We're in trouble" Han said, turning around to see our dad walking through the crowds of sopping wet students. "Don't tell me" he began. "You three started it." Naturally, everyone pointed at me. I let go of Cade's collar and stared at all the pointing fingers. "Really" I asked. "Yeah, blame the youngest. Real original guys." My dad didn't smile, probably because most of the academy was soaking wet and lunch hour ended in ten minutes. "Let him go" dad ordered Dawn and Han. They-unwillingly-let Cade go, and he scrambled away from us. "They had me" he gasped, putting on a show like we were about to decapitate him instead of dunk him in the lake. "I swear-" "That's enough, thank you" dad said. "Everyone go and change. You'll all be cleaning this up when you get back." True enough, the lawn was covered in water balloon bits. Han, Dawn and I started to sneak away with the crowd, but dad stopped us. "You three go home" he said. "Your mother will want to hear about this." I bit my lip. That wasn't much better news, because you could tell what would happen when dad was in charge. With mom, it could as different as a hurricane and a warm, sunny afternoon, there was just no telling what she would do. I glanced at Dawn and Han, seeing they had the same expressions. "Go" dad said. Dawn hung her head and began to walk. Han and I followed suit, and we all walked back to our house. Notes: -Author- Here we go. It's getting real now. We've got the villain, the main protagonist, the hunky sidekick-Just kidding, we haven't even started! If you like this story so far, go ahead and leave kudos or comment! Your feedback is really appreciated, you guys are the best! XOX, AbbyGrace31415 Chapter 3 : The Greatest Bad Idea Ever -Anakin Solo- Turns out mom was in a good mood. Lucky us, because otherwise we would have been in big trouble. We honestly thought she was mad, because when we came in we heard her voice from the kitchen. "Just when I thought I was going to get something done" she sighed, then walked into the entryway. "What have you three done this time" she asked. Just like before, Dawn and Han pointed at me. "It was all his fault" they said in unison. " Come on" I said. "Cut me some slack! Just because I threw the water balloon didn't mean you two had to start as well!" Mom shook her head. "What were you doing with water balloons" she asked. "Well" I said. "Some other kids had water balloons and threw them at me, so I borrowed some and threw it back, but that kind of started waterballoonmageddon, so that's what happened." "And we were about to throw Cade in the lake, but dad stopped us" Dawn added sourly. Mom nodded. Both her and dad knew about what Cade did and didn't like the kid much either, but for the sake of not looking like they were playing favorites with us they didn't come down too hard on him when he did something wrong. That was frustrating, but at least they were doing something. Master Luke, on the other hand had no such understanding. He was like that oblivious teacher who thinks the entire class are perfect, which means you can get away with anything in his class. "Waterballoonmageddon you say" mom repeated. "Throwing Cade in the lake? Sounds like lunch hour was quite eventful. At least now I know why you three are soaking wet and dripping all over the floor!" I flinched, but that was about as angry as mom got. "And the carpet upstairs, oh well, you three go get changed, quickly too, you've got ten minutes." We all traipsed upstairs to get changed, then back down when we were done. "How many of you were there" mom asked when we were all downstairs again. "There must have been plenty of other kids there for it to equal waterballoonmageddon ." "I'm pretty sure most of the academy was there" Han said. "Well then" mom said. "Now I wonder how much of a mess you left." "That was already addressed" Dawn said. "Mmmhmm" mom agreed. "Now go. Lunch hour's over." Now it was Dawn's fault. She asked mom about Camp, and she came up with the greatest bad idea ever. During dinner that evening she spoke up. "Mom" she asked. "I was wondering, about what happened today-Does stuff like that happen, say, at Camp?" "Camp" mom repeated. She put her fork down. "Hmm, yeah, I think so." "It was even crazier there" dad added. "I remember the weekly dance." "How many times did stuff like that happen" Han asked. "Oh, twice a week, maybe more" mom said. Dawn, Han, and I exchanged a glance. I could tell what the twins were thinking. I was thinking it too. "Well, I was thinking" Dawn began. "You went there. We were wondering if we could go too?" Now it was our parents turn to glance at each other. They had the same expression on their face. "No" mom said. "Absolutely not." "What" Dawn said. "But you went there!" "And I nearly died multiple times, I'll have you know that" mom said. "I swear, if Ben hadn't been there when the ants attacked I would have been dragged off to the ant's lair." "I only pulled it off because Pegasus helped" dad said. Mom shrugged. "Anyway-" she began, but I cut her off. "But, I thought you got rid of all the evil! Even Kron-" "SHH, shh, shh, shh" mom said frantically. "Don't say that. Names have power. And if you say stuff like Now I've fought everything , you're jinxing yourself. Believe me, I speak from experience." "The answer is no" dad said. "You can't go to Camp. Your mother and I would rather you stay here." "But-" Han began. "You heard your father" mom said. "No. Now stop asking about it." "Can you at least tell us why" I asked. Mom looked down. "Maybe someday" she said quietly. After a moment of silence she asked "Are you three finished?" We all glanced around, before nodding vigorously. "Yeah" Dawn told our parents. "Good" mom said. "Do me a favor and go upstairs, will you?" All three of us got up from the table and walked upstairs. Once we were on the second floor Dawn pulled us into her room. The walls were painted white, but covered in so much stuff you could hardly see the paint. Photos, art, printed pictures, maps, you name it. The carpet was white as well, but the bed stood out with a big black comforter and pink pillows. She sat down on her bed. "We need a plan" she said. "What do you mean" I asked. "I mean we need a way to convince mom and dad to let us go to Camp." "Why are you so obsessed with Camp" I questioned. Dawn shrugged. "There's got to be a reason why they won't let us go. I want to find out. Also, Camp sounds cool. Waterballoonmageddon is the most interesting thing to happen here for a while now." "So you're bored" Han summed up. "I think" I began. "That we should go do a bit of eavesdropping, see what they're talking about. They might say something important." "Not bad Ani" Dawn said. " Don't call me Ani" I protested, but she had already gotten up and was heading for the door. "C'mon" she said. Han and I followed her down to the stairwell. Our parents were sitting in the living room, talking urgently. "Ben" mom was saying. "We simply can't send them to Camp. It's not possible. Not even the borders of the Camp will keep monsters from getting to them. They'll be murdered in their beds!" "I don't like the idea that they can't even leave the temple" dad said. "It's not good for them." "Yeah, well, being hunted to the ends of the galaxy isn't good for them either" mom countered. "We have to stay with them. You know we have too many enemies." "You're right" dad agreed. "Too many enemies. But most of them are dead and gone." "HA" mom laughed. "Not half of them Ben. Monsters will hunt any demigods, them especially. Those three are monster magnets !" "Nothing has attacked so far, and it's been fifteen years" dad objected. "That's only because there's so many mortals here, it's masking the scent. Demigods can hide if there's enough mortals around, they can blend in. That's also why I don't use my powers much anymore. It's like sending up a flare, if they go to Camp and learn to use their powers I don't want to know what will happen." "Nothing good" dad summed up. "Fine, you win." Dawn grabbed the backs of our shirts and pulled us back upstairs. "Now we have to go" she said once we were upstairs. "You heard what they were talking about! Our secret powers, adventures, epic battles-" "I think you heard something different from us two" Han said. "Because we heard that people want us murdered." "Who cares? The Camp is safe! Plus, if we have these secret powers we can protect ourselves" Dawn said. I was too smart to get involved in the argument. It wasn't like they would value my opinion anyway, the twins could argue for days when I had already provided a good solution. To my surprise, Han relented when Dawn said we could protect ourselves with our powers. "Sounds legit" he said. "We could use these figurative powers to protect ourselves. And we know where the Camp is?" "Earth" Dawn said. "On the continent of North America, as far as I know." "Oh yeah" I said sarcastically. "Cause it won't take more then an afternoon to search the entire continent." "Very funny" Han said. "But I think we can do it. We'll take the Falcon." "And I'll borrow some of mom's drachmas in case we need to bribe anybody" Dawn added. I rolled my eyes at the ceiling. "Oh, so now we're taking the Falcon and stealing money? Do you realize how much trouble we're going to get into if mom and dad catch us?" "That's the point" Han told me. " If ." "Okay" Dawn said. "You two go to your rooms, pack a bag, and get in bed. Once mom and dad are asleep- poof . We're gone." Chapter 4 : Ben Fails Parenting 101 -Anakin Solo- Dawn and Han came to get me once mom and dad were asleep. "C'mon" Han said. "Let's go." I got up, grabbed the backpack I had packed, and followed them. We snuck out of the house, all the way to the Falcon , which was parked about five minutes away from our house with all the other ships. The ramp lowered and we climbed on. We all walked into the cockpit. Han sat in the pilots seat (big surprise) and Dawn co-piloted. I sat behind Han, and we all tossed our backpacks on the floor. "Are we really doing this" I asked. "Duh" Dawn said. "Let's go!" Han fired up the engines, which came to life with an unnecessarily loud rumbling. The ship began to lift off, and suddenly Han tilted the ship towards the sky. "I hope everybody has seatbelts" he said. "Because we're out of here!" The Falcon rocketed through the atmosphere, and into the sky. We all gasped when we saw the stars. "I didn't know there was this many stars in the entire galaxy" Dawn whispered. "Go, go!" I reached forward and checked the coordinates. "This is Earth, right" I asked. "Yeah, that's Earth" Han agreed. "Here, you can hit the button." I brought my hand down, and we rocketed into hyperspace. -Abby Grace- I woke with a start to the sound of........engines? What the actual Hades? I shook Ben awake. He had never gotten out of the habit of falling asleep with his arms around me. "Ben" I muttered to him. "Ben, wake up!" He blinked his eyes open. "What's going on" he asked. Then the rumbling got louder. We both jumped up and ran to the window, just in time to see familiar blue taillights disappear into the stratosphere. "That was the Falcon" Ben cried. "Shh, you'll wake the kids" I chided. "The kids........" he said, turning towards the door of our bedroom. "Abby, where are they?" "What do you mean" I asked. He ran out of the room and down the hall to their bedrooms. Dawn first. My heart stopped when we we burst into the room to find an empty bed. Some of her favorite items were gone too. Her copy of the last Harry Potter book, which she had just started reading, was gone from the desk. Han's room. Same story. His model x-wing was gone as well. Anakin's room was last. Empty bed, check. Favorite possessions gone, check. The Skywalker lightsaber, which he had been given by Master Luke, was gone. Ben and I exchanged a glance, then ran out of the house. The Falcon was gone from it's place at the landing pad. "Ben" I asked. "What do you think?" "I think that they ran away" Ben said. "No one could have kidnapped them without us noticing. They would have put up a fight." I felt tears gather in my eyes. "They'll be killed" I said. "Abby, there's nothing we can except wait until morning" Ben said. "We have no idea where they're going and they took the Falcon." "Ben, after this long you've forgotten" I sighed. "Forgotten what" he asked. "That I can shadow-travel?" "Oh, right" he said. He looked dejected. "What's wrong" I asked. "I failed, just as badly as my father did" he said. "I gave them an excuse to run away. If anything happens to them, I swear-" I embraced him. "It was nothing you did" I told him. "Who knows why they did it? We'll find them, and that's what's important." I kissed him gently on the lips. We held each other, trying to keep from crying. I was so worried about our children. I knew one thing for sure-wherever they were trying to go, they were going to get in massive trouble. Chapter 5 : We Meet The Patron God Of OCD Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) -Dawn Solo- Okay, maybe running away wasn't the best solution. But don't tell Anakin or Han I said that. I'd never hear the end of it. Plus, we get to be the very first people ever to use the lame gag I ran away from home and accidentally joined the Roman army! Wait, I guess I have to explain how we got mixed up with the Romans in the first place. (Quit yelling at me Han! I am going to introduce everyone, give me a minute! Also, that totally was funny!) Anyway, we flew the Falcon all the way to Earth and then wandered for a little while, looking for the Camp. After we flew over the same city for what felt like the hundredth time Anakin said, "Okay, either we're going in circles or we're in the wrong place. I personally think both." "I'm trying to avoid crashing into the big red bridge" Han objected, jerking the controls so the Falcon banked the right, swerving past the cables of a massive red suspension bridge. "Haven't I seen that bridge before" I said. "And no, not here. In one of the pictures, mom's class. The mountain, over there!" I pointed out the window to the mountain, which was just to the north of the city we kept on passing. "It's where Atlas is chained in the present day, remember?!" "Oh yeah" Anakin said. "I remember now. That means we should probably stay away from it." "Yeah" Han agreed. "I don't want to get shot out of the sky." He turned the Falcon around and we started flying towards a collection of hills. I kept on seeing billboards with Berkeley Hills plastered all over them, so I guessed that was where we were flying over. Okay, I'll give it to him. It was Han who spotted the camp. And no, not the camp, Camp Olympus, but a military camp. And there was a city just west of said camp. But I'm taking the credit for recognizing the city, because I'm probably the only one who payed real attention to the images mom showed us in class. "You see those columns" I said. "And that plaza thing. It looks Roman. Like, the Forum. You know?" And I'll admit my mistake. I forgot that weapons were strictly prohibited in Roman cites, so I gave Han the idea to set the Falcon down in the Forum. "We should land in the Forum" I said. "Ask around, see where we are." Han nodded and began putting the ship down. None of the Romans started running around screaming aliens , which was probably a good sign. We landed peacefully and walked off the ship. I had also forgotten the exploding statue. Another thing mom did in class-if we had finished our lessons she would sometimes read the Percy Jackson or Heroes Of Olympus books aloud, and the people in said books had actually met the exploding statue. I didn't know it at the time, but those characters had also been to the very city I was standing in. The statue has OCD. It exploded into being right in front of my face, screaming it's lungs off. (His? I'm pretty sure it was a guy.) "No weapons inside the Pomeranian line" he shrieked. "What is it with weapons from the sky these days? Can't you land somewhere other then the Forum?!" "Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa" I said, very fast. "I think this is a misunderstanding. We're not allowed to have weapons in this city? I wasn't aware. We're just looking for directions anyway." The statue raised an eyebrow at me. "A smart aleck, huh? Just like Mr. Jackson? Oh well Miss We're Just Looking For Directions , you'd better look for directions somewhere else!" "Hey" someone yelled. "Terminus!" " Mr Terminus, thank you very much" the statue replied snottily. "What have I told you Jackson?" "Well, you shouldn't call me Jackson " the boy snapped at him. "It's Lucas, alright? Let me handle this." "What gives you the authority?" "Or we could just have my dad, the former praetor handle it" Lucas offered. Terminus relented. "Well, you'd better get these trespassers out of our city" he muttered, and then disappeared. Lucas turned to me. "Who are you" he asked. "I'm Dawn Solo" I said. "And these are my brothers, Han and Anakin." Both boys muttered hi. Lucas looked about sixteen. He was just about as tall as me, and, Anakin said it before, none of us were short. "Well, I'm Lucas Jackson. You're welcome for getting Terminus out of your hair, that grumpy old block of marble." "I take it you don't like Terminus very much" I said. "Nobody loves him" Lucas admitted. "But he's a necessary security patrol, keeps weapons and outsiders out of the city. But one time he showed up because I was playing swords with some sticks when I was little, that was so annoying...........Anyway" he said, coming back to the present. "You're looking for directions? Directions where?" "Firstly" I began. "I'd like to know where we are." "You're in New Rome. Just over there-" He pointed to the military camp. "-Is Camp Jupiter. The city you probably saw if you flew in from the west is San Francisco, California." "California" Han said. "Boy, are we in the wrong place!" "Thanks, because I totally didn't realize that" I told him. "Anyway, we're looking for Camp Olympus. I'm pretty sure its on the east coast, not the west." "Hmm, never heard of it" Lucas admitted. "Maybe mom or dad has, they both went to Camp Half-Blood-" Very convientntaly, a man with messy black hair and sea-green eyes, just like Lucas's, came walking by. "Hey Luke" he said. "Who are you talking to? And what the heck is that?" " That " Han said. "Is the Millennium Falcon, the fastest ship in the galaxy!" Han took pride in his namesake's ship, even thought it was a hunk of junk. "I'm Dawn Solo" I told the man. "That was my twin, Han, and my little brother Anakin is with him." "Solo" the man repeated. "That rings a bell, not sure why, oh well. What do you three want?" "We're looking for Camp Olympus, it's nearby Boston" I told him. "Hmmm" the man said. "I'll have to ask Annabeth. She has family in Boston. But, in the meantime-" "Annabeth" Anakin repeated. "Annabeth who?" "Ani" I said. "Let him finish!" "Let me introduce myself" the man continued. "I'm Percy Jackson, and this is my son Lucas." "PERCY JACKSON" Anakin yelled, at the top of his lungs no less. "What's your problem" I asked him. "Calm down! Do you know him?" "Dawn, you seriously don't realize? You're being stupid" Anakin said. "This is the Camp Jupiter and New Rome! That's the . Percy. Freaking. Jackson!" "Oh my gods" Han said. "Well, now we know we found a demigod camp, just not the right one." "How are you guys not excited" Anakin asked. " Mom thought these guys were myths, and mom teaches myths as fact!" I turned to the Jacksons. "I'm sorry about this" I told Percy and Lucas. "Anakin gets overexcited sometimes." Percy nodded. "It's alright." "Anyway Mr. Jackson-" I continued, but he cut me off. "Please, call me Percy" he said. "Okay" I agreed. "Does Annabeth know anything about Camp Olympus?" "I'll see. Let me go get her." Percy ran off. Lucas looked mortified. "I'm sorry" I told him. " Famous parents , am I right?" "Right" he said. "Oh yeah, I know" I said. "Same deal with my parents. Lucky me, I'm the only one who wasn't named after a family member. Han was named for Han Solo, and Anakin for Anakin Skywalker." "Those names ring a bell" Lucas said. "I swear I've heard-" Then Percy returned with Annabeth. Seeing all three of them together I noticed that Lucas had shaggy blond hair, like his mother, and sea-green eyes, like his father. I looked like my dad, with the same raven-black hair and dark brown eyes. Han looked like my mother, with lighter eyes and hair. So no, we're not identical. We're not even the same gender for Zeus's sakes! Anyway, Percy introduced me to his wife, Annabeth Jackson. "Hi Dawn" Annabeth said. "Percy told me you're looking for directions." "Yeah" I said. "My brothers and I are looking for Camp Olympus." Annabeth looked confused for a second, before her eyes lit up. "Camp Olympus" she said, like she was shocked. "I thought that was just a myth." "Wait" Percy said. "That is the Millennium Falcon. You're Dawn Solo ............Annabeth! Do you know what this means?" "The stories" Annabeth agreed. "The ones Chiron told about Abby Grace and Kylo Ren and Ben Solo-do you think they're true?" "We have living proof" Percy said. "What should we do?" "We have to tell somebody" Annabeth said. "They're descendants of-" "You know not to say that" Percy interjected. "It's practically taboo." "Fine" Annabeth agreed. "Here-" She turned back to us. "Why don't you three land the Falcon somewhere outside the city and come back to the Forum? Then we'll talk." "That sounds fine Mrs. Jackson" I said. "Call me Annabeth" she said. "Alright" I agreed. "Thanks Annabeth." I turned to Han. "Han! You and Anakin go land the Falcon outside the city and come back here, okay?" He nodded and walked back on board with Anakin. I looked back at the Jacksons. "Thanks again" I said. "I really-" "It's fine" Percy said. "Powerful demigods like you should probably stay somewhere like here until we know exactly where you're going. It's too dangerous. Here, you and Lucas can hang out until we get the others." "The others" I asked, but Percy and Annabeth were already gone. Lucas filled in for them. "Their friends, the seven from the quest. Frank, Hazel, Jason, Piper, Leo, Calypso, and they'll probably bring their kids too. You're gonna want to see Leo Valdez's ride, it's insane ." "Better then the Falcon" I scoffed. "I don't think so." "You'll see" Lucas promised. Notes: -Author- Cliffhanger! DUN DUN DUN! Yeah, not really. Long chapter to make up for how short the one before was, sorry about that. And yes, Percy and Annabeth got married and had a son, who they named after Luke Castellan. I'm just being mean to you Percy Jackson fans with this, aren't I? Also, LOL, Abby and Percy both think the other is just a story and then bam! Their kids meet, worlds collide (I just had to do that, didn't I? Pun intended), and chaos ensues. Hope you enjoyed this part! See you guys in the next thrilling installment of Return Of The Knights! (What do I think this is, a combination of comic, comedy, and a tv program? Probably exactly that, but whatever.) XOX, AbbyGrace31415 Chapter 6 : No, We're Not Related To Jason Grace Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) -Dawn Solo- It wasn't long before Han and Anakin came back. I was already sitting down on one of the benches in the Forum, reading the book I had brought with me. The seventh and final installment of Harry Potter . I was on chapter twenty-one, The Tale Of The Three Brothers. Han and Anakin took seats on either side of me, while Lucas Jackson still stood, glancing up at the sky every few minutes. Anakin started looking over my shoulder in an attempt to read the book as well. "What are you doing" I asked him, shutting the book with a snap. "Sorry" he said. "Just wanted to see what was going on." "Read it yourself" I objected, and went back to my reading. For the next few minutes nothing happened. Then Percy Jackson came back, along with quite a few other people. He and Annabeth were explaining something to the adults, while the children all came running over to Lucas, who immediately seemed to cheer up. He high-fived a guy with brown hair and electric blue eyes, while two other kids walked over and stood beside him. A girl tugged at his sleeve. "Who's that" she asked, pointing in my direction. "Silena" Lucas chided. "You know not to do that. But her name is Dawn, if you really want to know." "Oh" Silena said. I narrowed my eyes. She didn't exactly give off the vibe of mean gossip girl, but she was acting a bit too close to that for comfort. "And then" a girl with curly brown hair told her friends. "He turned into an iguana!" "Seriously, your dad is the best" said a blonde. "Turning into an iguana to escape Chinese handcuffs? That is awesome!" "I can do it too" the brunette said. "I mean the iguana thing, not the handcuffs." "Do it" said Silena, who had joined the conversation. The brunette concentrated, and then literally turned into an iguana. Han's eyes were as wide as quarters. "Did that just happen" he asked. "She just turned into an iguana. Wait, why am I surprised? We're in the Percy Jackson universe now. Weird things are bound to happen." I nodded. "Yeah" I agreed. "That was cool though. I wonder-" But I was cut off before I could finish the sentence by dragon flying down from the sky. It had three riders. A man, a woman, and a girl, who looked about twelve. The girl was riding up front, whooping her lungs off. "YEAH" she said. "HOW'S THAT FOR AN ENTRANCE!" The dragon swooped down and landed on the stones of the Forum with a thud. The girl slid off it's back, jumping up and down with excitement. "WHO'S THE SUPER-SIZED McSHIZZLE NOW" she yelled. Percy Jackson grinned. "Nice to see you too Leah. And Festus." "What about us" the man said. "C'mon, Calypso and Leo Valdez? Where's the hoards of fangirls?" "Your ego hasn't gotten any better" Annabeth commented sarcastically. "Hey" Leo protested. Calyspo placed a hand on his shoulder. "We got your message and came as quick as we could" she told Annabeth. "Thanks" Annabeth acknowledged, before turning to the rest of the people. "Alright everyone" she said. "Let's introduce ourselves to our new......" She paused a moment before finishing the sentance, glancing back at us almost fearfully. "Friends." Everyone gathered into a group and I got up from the bench, stuffing my book back in my backpack. Anakin and Han followed my example, getting up as well. There was a moment of silence. "Hi everybody" I began. "I'm Dawn Solo, and these are my brothers." I shot a pointed look in their direction. "I'm Han Solo" Han said. "And I'm Anakin Solo" Anakin finished. A blond guy with glasses stepped forward. "Nice to meet the three of you" he said. "I'm Jason Grace." The three of us exchanged a glance. "You wouldn't happen to be related to Abby Grace, would you" Anakin asked. "No" Jason said. "She's a myth." Percy coughed loudly into his fist as Jason said this. "Ahem, what did I just say" he said. "Or were you not listening?" "Sorry" Jason said. "Anyway, this is my wife, Piper." Piper smiled at us. Two kids stepped forward. The brown-haired, blue-eyed kid Lucas had high-fived, and a younger girl with the exact opposite. Blond hair and brown eyes. Jason shot them a pointed look, and they introduced themselves as David and Jenna Grace. Then the Zhangs introduced themselves. Frank, Hazel, and their two daughters Emma and Faith. Next was the Valdez's. Leo Valdez, Calypso, Leah Valdez, and their dragon, Festus. David Grace interrupted. "For anyone who doesn't know, Festus means happy in Latin. Just saying." Leah glared at him. "It doesn't sound as awesome when you say Happy the Dragon " she argued. The last people to be introduced were the other two Jackson kids, Silena and Ethan. A boy and a girl. Finally the awkward introductions were through, and they got to the point of the meeting. "These three" Annabeth announced, gesturing towards us. "Are children of Abby Grace and Ben Solo, or so they claim." "How do you know that" Silena asked. "Shh" Annabeth bid her daughter. "Everything will be explained. Wait a moment-" She turned to us. "Where are your parents? I assumed they would be with you, especially after-" She caught herself before saying something. "After what" Han demanded. "Not important" Percy said. "But seriously, where are your parents?" "Wellll" I began. "We, kind of, ran away." "All her idea" both boys said in unison. "That means you can't go anywhere" Jason said. "If you leave you'll be butchered." "Jason" Piper exclaimed. "Don't scare them." "That's what our mom said" Anakin supplied. "If we left our home we'd be killed. So far no one's jumped out with an axe and tried to chop our heads off, so I think we're alright." "Wait, if the stories ring true" Hazel said. "You should have some......unusual powers." "Like this" Anakin asked. He turned to us and flicked his hands. "No, no, n-" I began, but it was too late. He had frozen both of us in place. Slowly we began to levitate off the ground. "Anakin, I swear to Olympus, if you do what I think you're planning-" I began, but he shut me up. Both Han and I went flying and landed in a clump of bushes. Anakin grinned. "I've always wanted to do that" he said. Then he turned back to the adults. "You were saying?" "ANAKIN" I yelled. Anakin simply grinned, snorting with laughter. I got up, dragging myself out of the bush and running back over. "Listen kid" I said. "You'd better not do that again or it's gonna be waterballoonmageddon all over again, except not with water balloons." Anakin shrugged. "They asked if we had powers. I showed them. You got a problem?" "Don't either of you remember what mom said" Han asked exasperatedly. "She said we had powers aside from the Force, but if we used them it would be worse then sending up a flare to the monsters that said Here I am! Please rearrange my face! " Percy Jackson nodded. "Your mother is absolutely correct. But I think you three shouldn't be here. It's too dangerous for you to go out on your own." "So what do we do?" "What if we send them to the legion" Calypso offered. "They can wait there until their parents come and get them." "How will their parents even know they're here" Leo asked. Anakin shrugged. "Oh, I don't know" he said. "Maybe because they're both Force-sensitive, as are we. And mom apparently has some supernatural powers, so that'll probably make it easier." "That sounds good" Annabeth said. "Why don't all of you kids hang around while we talk." The adults all huddled up, and the kids were left alone. Lucas was the first to speak. "So...." he began, breaking the awkward silence. "Where are you guys from?" "Space" Silena suggested. "No actually" Han countered. "We're from the Jedi temple on Naboo." "What's the Jedi temple" Emma asked. "It's the place where all Force-sensitives learn to become Jedi" Han explained. "Our parents work there." "That's cool" Leah said. "Do you guys have any dragons?" "No" Anakin objected. "But you obviously do. What did you say his name was? Happy?" "Festus" Leah said. The dragon tromped over to where we were standing and sat down, allowing Leah to pet it's gleaming metal snout. "He used to be a figurehead. Now he's a real dragon, aren't you buddy?" Festus made a series of clicking noises. "Yeah, yeah. Who needs a ship when you have a dragon?" More clicking. "Okay" I said. "That's cool. What's the legion?" "The 12 legion" David Grace said. "Camp Jupiter. I think our parents are planning to put you in the legion until we can transport you somewhere safely. Especially this near Mt. Tam, it's not safe for any demigods to be wandering around without training or weapons." "We have weapons" Han said. "Show them Anakin." Anakin reached into his backpack and brought out the Skywalker lightsaber. Our parents had given it to him since it originally belonged to his namesake anyway. He ignited the blade, bathing the area in a blue glow. "Whoa" Ethan marveled. "Did not see that one coming. What is it?" "A lightsaber" Anakin said. "The Skywalker lightsaber." "The one that everybody was freaking out over who it belonged to" Lucas asked. "Yeah" I said. "Kylo Ren thought it should belong to him, and so did Rey, and some people thought it should be brought to Luke Skywalker, so there was a nice little tug-of-war over it. Finally Luke Skywalker gave it to Anakin, since it belonged to his namesake anyway." "Lucky" Han muttered. " I should have gotten it. I'm the oldest son anyway." "Han" I chided. "You'll probably get the Falcon, since that belonged to your namesake. Gods know what I'll get." "The Millennium Falcon" Jenna Grace said. "That belonged to Han Solo, but Kylo Ren killed him, right?" "Right" I said. "Speaking of that, what happened to Kylo Ren? I can't remember." "Dad killed him, c'mon, that's the best part" Han said. "And then mom and dad used the Master Bolt on Snoke." "Oh yeah, now I remember" I said. We were getting some weird looks from the others. "What" I asked. Before they could say anything Percy Jackson came back over. "We're taking you to the praetors" he said. "Just behave yoursevles and you'll be fine. Also, put that away" he added to Anakin, who turned his lightsaber off and stuffed it back in his backpack. Then Percy walked out of the city with us in tow. Notes: -Author- Yeah. Abby told it in a way so it seemed like Kylo Ren and Ben Solo were totally different people, and you'll find out why later. Kind of like the way she told the story in part 28 of When Worlds Collide ("They're Just Stormtroopers"). Anyway, this is starting to get interesting. Just you wait until the next part! Hope you enjoyed! XOX, AbbyGrace31415 Chapter 7 : How On Earth Do You Smell Wild Magic? -Han Solo- Finally! My turn to narrate! So, let's see, Dawn and Anakin covered everything up to our introductions with the praetors, which was an unqualified disaster. Percy Jackson (Remember him? I don't. Seriously, who actually pays attention when mom reads aloud in class?) brought us out of the city and along this path that lead the the military camp, which I assumed was Camp Jupiter. (Fine, I payed enough attention to remember the name of the camp. Happy now?) There were plenty of kids milling around there, hanging out on the porches of buildings that looked barracks. I'm pretty sure they were barracks. All the buildings were whitewashed and arranged in neat little rows. There were banners hanging outside of each group of barracks with colors and symbols I'd never seen or heard of. Some of them looked like Roman numerals, which I guess made sense, but I didn't know what they stood for. Percy Jackson led us straight to this big building up front, which he said was the Via Praetoria . Or was that the name of the street? Not sure. I was too busy checking out the war elephant that came thundering down the street. Call me ADHD, I get distracted easily and have a hard time paying attention, but when I want to I can focus like a laser beam. Aren't most demigods ADHD anyway? And how would we be demigods if neither of our parents were gods.........or as far as we knew? Gods of Olympus, I need to clear my head. Oh yeah, we were just meeting the praetors. Percy brought us into the building. There was a lot going in there. Banners, thrones, the entrance to a subterranean dungeon-Wait what? I zeroed in on the barred door, similar to a cell door, that opened into a staircase that descended into blackness. That didn't seem good. Did I mention thrones? Yeah, there were two people sitting on the two thrones in front of a table, and behind that table was an array of banners and standards. "The Legion Eagle" Anakin said excitedly, pointing to the golden eagle that sat directly behind the praetors table. (I assumed they were the praetors-spoiler alert: I was right) I elbowed Anakin in the ribs. "Quit geeking out" I told him. He elbowed me right back, making a face at me simultaneously. "I don't think paying attention in moms class and recognizing stuff from the books she read counts as geeking out" Anakin shot back. "Boys" Dawn said. "Shut up. We're getting the death stare." The Death Stare was that look adults give you when you're doing something wrong and they don't want to verbally scold you for it, instead giving you the most withering scowl in the history of scowls. The praetor on the right was giving this exact look. He was a guy, and a pretty muscular one too. He had red hair and bright green eyes, but the look he was giving us was commanding enough to get us to shut up. The praetor on the right was a girl with a blond braid and eyes so dark they were almost black. She looked us over and her nostrils flared. Despite her appearance something told me she was the more dangerous of the two praetors. "What have you brought us Mr. Jackson" she asked. Her voice dripped with commanding power. "These three are looking to, uhh" Percy began. "Get to it" the redhead said. "These three are looking to join the legion" Percy finished. "Hmm" the girl said. "Well, isn't that cute? I suppose we must introduce ourselves. I'm Valeria Reardon, daughter of Trivia. My friends call me Val." Her tone said and you're not my friends . "This is my fellow praetor." The guy introduced himself. "I'm Felix Walker, son of Vulcan." "And you three want to join the legion" Val repeated. "Interesting. What do you think Felix? Fifth Cohort? I think they'd do somewhere a bit less glorified. They smell of wild magic." "Say what now" Dawn asked. "I'm a daughter of the Titan goddess of magic" Val explained impatiently. "I can detect magic, and you three absolutely reek of it. Not from the outside influence either. Have you been claimed yet?" "Abby Grace and Ben Solo" Percy explained. "What" Felix exclaimed. "But, how, they're-" "They came here on the Millennium Falcon" Percy said. "And-" "I wouldn't care if they flew on the the sun chariot for Jupiter's sakes" Val suddenly burst out. "They can't be here, they'll cause destruction! There's too much darkness throughout that story, too much double-crossing for us to trust anyone!" "Val" Felix said. "Calm down. Things like that only run in the Olympian family." "And their mother is an Olympian! And their father is a Skywalker! You can't trust them!" "Look" Percy interrupted. "They just want to stay until their parents come and get them." "That makes it worse" Val said. She had stopped yelling, but still looked furious. "Their parents are worse! You know stories! You know what Abby Grace and Ben Solo do to people!" "What are you talking about" I demanded. "Our parents never did a thing to hurt anybody!" "Is there something wrong with you" Val asked. "Your parents are responsible for the entire third Titan war, your father in particular!" "What did he do?" Val stared at me, clearly impatient. "Perhaps" Felix said. "Perhaps he is innocent. They should not be blamed for others mistakes. We judge people by their own merits, not the transgressions of others close to them." "But-" "What cohort should we put them in Val" Felix asked sternly. Val grinned wickedly. "How about the first? And hope none of the bad reputations rub off." She produced three leather necklaces with small tablets on them, each saying the same thing- probatio . "We'll put you three on probatio until, as Mr. Jackson says, your parents come to get you." She tossed the necklaces to us. We put them on. "Mr. Jackson, please escort them to the First Cohort" Felix ordered. I shot him a look that I tried to convey gratitude in-for getting Valeria to take a chill pill-but his expression hardened, as if to say don't thank me yet . Once we were out of there Dawn started chewing me out. "Good going Han" she said. "Now Val hates us!" "No" I objected. "She hates our parents . Remember what Felix said? They judge people by their own merits." "Do we have any merits" Anakin asked. "Do you even know the definition of that word" I snapped back at him. " Of course we have merits! Merits are particular skills, good points, heroic qualities." "I remember know" Anakin said. "We have merits. Frank Zhang, on the other hand-" "Hey" Percy said. "Frank is my friend. And he can turn into animals. He definitely has merits." "Yeah, I just meant that at the beginning of the book-" "Alright" Dawn said. "We get the point. Also, I remember, to become a full member of the Legion you have to perform an act of valor or heroism." "Hmph" I grunted. "Yeah, because we're soooo heroic." "Well aren't you Mr. Optimistic" Dawn said. "But I guess we don't want to become full members of the legion anyway. Then you get something burned onto your skin, and none of us want that, do we?" "It doesn't hurt that much" Percy said. "But, Dawn's right, you three shouldn't become full members of the legion. I doubt they'll have a marking for you godly parent anyway." "Ok, I think we're missing something" I said. "People keep on talking about our parents bad reputation and how we have an unusual godly parent. We were told that we were legacies." "And that is the truth" Percy said. "From a certain point of view. I suppose your mother would rather have you thinking you're legacies then knowing the truth." "And what are you talking about when you say that our dad started the third Titan war? That was Kylo Ren, not our dad." Percy stopped short in the middle of the street. I almost ran into him. He turned around to stare at us. "Your parents must keep the truth from you for a reason" he said quietly. "And it is not my place to potentially undo everything your parents have tried to teach you, whatever that may be. C'mon, we're almost there." He turned around and kept walking. I glanced at my two siblings, who looked just as confused as I was. "You heard him" I said. "We're almost there." I started walking again, following him up the steps of one of the barracks. There were a few kids sitting out on the porch, talking quietly. They all stopped when Percy Jackson arrived. "Hi Percy" one said. "What brings you here?" "Hey, Centurion" Percy said. "I brought some new recruits for the First Cohort. We've already talked with the praetors and everything, you know the drill." "Good" the kid said. "They can go right in, the bunks in the way back are empty. Girls on the left, guys on the right." He went back to his talk with another kid. Percy rolled his eyes. "What a lazy little-" he muttered, before pausing, looking a bit guilty. "Whatever" he said. "Why don't you three go in? I might not see you, so if I don't......nice to meet you three." He extended his hand. I shook it, Anakin and Dawn following my example. Then Percy hurried away, walking out of the camp and back to the city. "Well" Dawn said. "These people sure are cheerful. Let's go in." She walked into the girls side of the barracks. Anakin glanced at me, then at the other kids on the porch. There were only a few that were actually paying attention us, but those kids were looking at us expectantly. I shrugged. "Let's go" I said, repeating the words of my twin. We climbed the steps and walked through the right-hand door. The room was dimly lit, and full of kids crashed on the bunks. We made a beeline for the back of the room, where two empty bunks sat, shoved up against the wall. Each one was accessible by climbing a small ladder, while there was a storage area beneath it for any personal belongings. I emptied the contents of my backpack into a drawer. A change of clothes, pair of pajamas, my model x-wing, and a small collection of parts wrapped in a handkerchief. I brought that everywhere and was constantly toying with it, trying to make something useful out of it. I had gotten into trouble quite a few times for having it out while I was supposed to be doing something else. I had made the x-wing model myself, but it was rather crude. Small and with no moving parts, but I cherished it anyway. Anakin did the same. He had brought the Skywalker lightsaber, clothes, and some pretty weird stuff. A flashlight and a pencil and paper. Did he think we were literally going camping? I dunno. He's weird anyway. Nobody seemed to care about what we were doing, so I climbed into my bunk like the rest of them. Anakin was already up there. I picked up the handkerchief and dumped the parts out onto the mattress. I had half-completed a model of the Falcon , but it did nothing interesting. I sighed in frustration and began fiddling with the pieces. That occupied my attention for about fifteen minutes, before the lazy centurion came in. Yeah, that's what I'll call him, it sounds about right. What do you mean I have to stop? Ugh, fine, I guess I'll continue in the next chapter. That was Dawn. She thinks her ideas are always the best, and, unfortunately, in the next chapter she proves herself right. Mostly. Chapter 8 : We Kick Some Roman Butt Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) -Han Solo- I didn't expect there to be games. Wait, let's be more specific. I didn't expect there to be war games. Yep. War games . Do those two words go together? Apparently at Camp Jupiter, they do. We were all marched to the Field of Mars, where a fortress had been set up. First Cohort and Fifth Cohort were defending the fort, while second, third, and fourth were on the attack. The centurion of Fifth glanced at the centurion of First and smirked. "Just let us lead" he said. "And-" He lowered his voice. "Keep the newbies out of the way. We don't want them to get run over by the war elephant, or go all Kylo Ren on somebody." "Say what now" Anakin asked, and the centurion's face turned red. "Nothing. Just stay out of the way!" Our centurion scowled. "You guys do whatever you think'll work" he told us. "But be careful, he was serious about the war elephant." "Gotcha" Dawn said. "C'mon boys." We followed her into the fortress and up onto the battlements. "Do you even know what you're doing" I asked her. "Yeah" she said. "We protect the colors from second, third, and fourth. Can't be that hard." "What about that going all Kylo Ren thing jerkface mentioned" Anakin asked her. "Jerkface" she repeated. "Good one, I'll need to use that sometimes. I dunno. Maybe killing everyone? Not sure. Although I am sure killing is against the rules-" She paused. I had my hand up in the air and was mimicking taking notes. "What are you doing?" "Keep talking professor" I said. "I wanna get an A on the test!" She rolled her eyes. "I'm done" she said, turning around and looking out over the Field of Mars, where the opposing cohorts were assembling. I checked out the cannons that decorated the battlements. "Hmm" I said, tapping one. "This is a scorpion ballista." "Cool" Anakin said. "Isn't that the one that shoots fire?" "Bingo little bro" I told him. "Remember what the professor said, no killing anybody, okay?" "Hey" Dawn protested, but I kept talking. "And this one" I continued, pointing a finger at the cannon on the opposite side of the battlement, nearby where Dawn was standing. "Is some kind of water cannon. Highly pressurized, that'll cut trenches in the dirt down there." I pointed to the ground in front of third cohort. "So be careful, if I remember correctly this place is riddled with underground tunnels." Anakin scampered over to the cannon and began swinging it around, pointing it at random places along the battlefield and tapping the trigger with his thumb. Since you had to pull to fire nothing happened, but Dawn shot him a look anyway. "What" he said. "I won't fire it until I have to, but then-" He grinned, and I braced myself for something ridiculous to happen. "Doomsday." "You have a way of starting things like that" Dawn pointed out. "Waterballoonmageddon, doomsday, whatever the heck else you've done, it's all been either your idea or your fault." "Can't help it that I attract trouble" he said. "Don't we all?" I shrugged. "Whatever, let's just not mess this up and we'll be fine. Also, you two stay away from the scorpions until I figure out what they do. Both of you will probably roast your face off with these things, unless you're careful and you know what you're doing" I warned. In the distance a horn blew, and the games began. From where we stood on the battlements I heard shouts, the clashing of swords, and all the other telltale sounds of battle. I tapped the scorpion, then called; "Hey Anakin? Wanna fire it?" Anakin was at my side in just under three seconds. "Yeah" he said, taking control of the cannon and swinging it around. "Make sure you've got it aimed the right way" I warned. You really should never let Anakin anywhere near anything remotely dangerous, but since we were without our parents we were taking all the risks we could, breaking a hundred natural rules into pieces in the process. Anakin aimed the cannon at the third cohort, which was in a formation with their shields above their heads. He fired the cannon. A flaming missile went flying down, landing in the dead center of the formation, breaking the formation apart as people scattered to avoid getting blowtorched. He swung the cannon around, aiming at fourth. Same story. Did second think they were safe? Maybe. If they did, they were wrong. Dawn was at the water cannons, carving trenches in the battlefield. She drew a long squiggly line in the ground, breaking up the third's attempt to form ranks. "Dance" she muttered, repeating the process with second. "Very funny" I muttered, turning back to monitor Anakin so he didn't kill anyone. But when I looked back, Dawn was gone. "Hey, Ani" I said. "C'mon, quit that! Dawn's gone." "Awwww" Anakin complained. "And don't call me Ani!" We ran down off the battlement. I heard the sound of a lightsaber igniting and followed it. Dawn was carving a path through the fourth cohort, who had managed to break into the base and were heading for the flags. I grabbed my own lightsaber, as did Anakin. Mine was double-bladed, with blue on one end and green on the other. Dawn's was purple, and Anakin's was blue. There was something weird going on. At the sight of our lightsabers some of the legionnaires fled in terror, much to the annoyance of their superiors. That is, until we cut the superiors armor to shreds. Then they fled as well. Dawn, Anakin, and I stood shoulder-to-shoulder in front of the door, blocking anyone who came close. Then the doors opened from the inside and two kids from second shoved past us with the colors. "After them" Dawn yelled, and charged. Anakin and I followed. She didn't bother with her lightsaber. She flat-out tackled the two kids carrying the flags, which adds to my long list of Reasons Never To Underestimate Dawn (Or any girl, for that matter). They were already topheavy from their armor, and with a great clatter Dawn jumped and sent them crashing to the floor. Anakin stopped short, watching as she took the flags from their hands. "Thanks" she said sweetly, before marching the flags back into the fortress. And so it went. It didn't matter who was guarding the outside of the fortress, every time someone made a grab at the flags Dawn, Anakin, or I would stop them in their tracks. After about an hour of this the praetors declared the game over. Everyone was marched onto the Field of Mars, where Val and Felix stood waiting. "Alright" Val said. "As the flags have not been captured and our mercy rule is one hour, it seems we have our clear winners." Felix shot her a look. Val sighed in annoyance. "The First Cohort" she grumbled. Around us the First exploded in disbelieving cheers and laughter. "Praetors, if I may" said the centurion of first. "It was those three, not us!" "And they did not follow Roman conduct, working as a solo group instead of together with the rest of their cohort" Val said, with a malicious gleam in her eye. "I have already given First victory. Is that not enough? Or would our three Jedi like to claim reward?" She said Jedi like it was a bad thing. I was going to say something, but Dawn spoke first. She had a temper almost as bad as our dads, and this was clearly an insult to us. But she also had a quick tongue as sharp as our mothers, which made her rages less destructive and more effective. "Rome is about teamwork, right" she said. "And playing by the rules! So we did exactly that! We worked together as a team to protect the flag! We won't claim reward, because the rest of the cohort deserves it, but if you have a problem with us then say it to my face !" She marched forward and stood in front of the blond praetor. "Go on" she snarled. "Tell everyone what your problem with us is!" Val stared up at her. It was hard not to be intimidated when your adversary is almost a head taller then you and has a very dangerous lightsaber ready at a moments notice. Then she seemed to come up with just the right thing to say. "Typical" she said. "Just as bad-tempered as your father, are you? What's gonna happen if I tell you? You'll throw a temper tantrum like your daddy? But what more should I expect from the children of Kylo Ren ?!" And all Hades broke loose. Notes: -Author- Sorry that I haven't updated in a while, I've been busy with Unstoppable. Hope you guys enjoyed this part, it was long overdue! Don't forget to leave kudos and comment if you enjoyed! XOX, AbbyGrace31415 Chapter 9 : Authors Note I'll make this as quick and painless as possible for you guys: I'm having massive writers block for this story, so I'm putting it on hold. I know that's a disappointment, but I really need to cook up some ideas for this thing. Of course, I know what's going to happen in the immediate future of the story, but after that not much. I don't want to have to be deleting it and re-posting it a million times (Like I did with Unstoppable . That was annoying not only for your guys but for me as well). My apologies for the hold up, I promise I'll get back to this story as soon as I can! XOX, AbbyGrace31415 Series this work belongs to:  Previous Work Part 2 of the The Original Kylo Grace series Next Work 