Ghost of the Past Under the steady gaze of their Jedi Master, Finn and Rey worked the controls in the cockpit of the Millennium Falcon. The trio is in search of a gauntlet rumored to absorb the Force from the area surrounding the wearer, and then releases it in a powerful arc. According to the scrolls in the first Jedi temple, Luke discovered the gauntlet was created by a powerful force user that had mastery over both the light and dark sides of the Force. It took the force user nearly 10 years, but she constructed the gauntlet using multiple red, blue, and green kyber crystals and the wood from multiple force trees throughout the galaxy. The crystals and the wood were melted together and forged into the gauntlet using the Force as her guide. This gauntlet was created as a symbol of the Force’s true power and intention; however, it was stolen by a Sith lord who she trusted and later killed her. In the hands of a Sith, its power destroyed an entire solar system and the Sith along with it. It created such a powerful shockwave that for once both the Jedi and Sith agreed that this weapon was too dangerous to be used again. Unfortunately, it can only be destroyed by a person who has the power to wield it. Someone who can control both the light and dark sides of the Force at the same time. As this was a once in a millennia ability, the gauntlet was locked away on a long forgotten moon. From the scroll Luke learned the reason the Sith was destroyed was because he could only pull from the dark side. The gauntlet uses the dark side to attack and the light side to create a shield around the user. Luke surmised that this was the reason Snoke was so intent on having Ben at his side, as he was a rare force user that could wield the gauntlet unscathed. Although all force users can draw from either the light or dark side of the Force, it was nearly unheard of for someone to use both sides at once without destroying themselves in the process. It is such a rare thing that not even Luke and Leia Skywalker have the ability even though their father did. That didn’t stop force users in the past from trying to learn how to do it. Many that tried drove themselves into an everlasting paranoia. Their fear grew so intense that they viewed themselves as a threat to their own lives, and this usually resulted in their death. Since Snoke’s discovery of Ben Solo's abilities, it was discovered that there is another who can also control the full power of the gauntlet. It is because of this, and the Supreme Leader’s vision that Luke intended to find and destroy the gauntlet, that Kylo Ren was sent to find the map to his former master. As the Millennium Falcon jumped out of light speed, a large planet with a pink and purple atmosphere was visible on the Falcon’s screen. While Luke reviewed the plan to obtain and destroy the gauntlet with his apprentices, Finn found himself once again disagreeing with the wisdom of his master. Finn is in favor of using the gauntlet to destroy the First Order and other threats to the Resistance for good. He does not understand the purpose of unending battles drawn out for decades. He would rather it all end quickly and decisively. Finn begins to shares these views to both Master Luke and Rey only to be interrupted by the Jedi Master. “That sounds a lot like what Hux and the First Order did when they destroyed the Republic” Luke remarked. Finn was silent for a moment mulling it over. “It is the folly of the idealist to lose patience, and use their power to annihilate their enemies”. “Then what the fuck are we doing then?!” Finn’s face felt hot and he was irritated. He didn’t fail to notice how Rey jumped a bit in her seat but he continued on, “After all this time you still don’t know anything about me. Because if you did you wouldn’t think I was anything like him. Hux uses everyone around him for his own agenda, and he does not care about innocent lives at all. All I want is to end the war and bring peace to the galaxy, so I can’t see how that’s remotely similar to what he’s trying to do?!” “It is because you lack patience young one”, Luke sighed and shook his head. “You wish for it to all end in one night. In some ways, we all do,” he glanced over at Rey who just looked back with a blank expression and shrugged a bit, “However anything done in haste does have a price, and that price will be innocent lives as well as an increase in dark side energy". Luke paused to give Finn time to reflect his words. "Did you not say you wanted to find a way to aid the Stormtroopers who want to defect from the First Order?” “Yes, of course I do". Finn knew he should show more respect to his master, but he was still accustomed to being able to speak freely. "I’m not saying we don’t come up with a plan that saves the most lives, but if you really look at the big picture, this conflict has been going on since before the Clone Wars. Decades upon decades of fighting and for what… to continue the same thing again 10 years from now? I just don’t see the point”. Finn felt frustrated and tried to focus on his breath to calm himself down. Luke looked thoughtfully at Finn, and it was easy for him to recognize Kylo’s teachings in his new apprentice. He thought about how Finn reminded him of how Ben was at this age. Full of hope for the future, and constantly searching for that one thing that will fix everything. Luke knows better though. He knows such a thing does not exist. Luke’s mind wandered to the time when he followed Rey, Chewie, and R2 from Ahch-To back to the Resistance, and he was greeted by the presence of two powerful force users. One he recognized, and the other he had only recently felt through ripples in the Force. Finn, he later learned, was the apprentice of his nephew Ben who was now known as Kylo Ren. During his time in the First Order, he was trained in the art of battle and the ways of the Force prior to his awakening. Although he could sense that the light side of the Force flowed through Finn like a gentle wave on a beach, he could also sense the dark side flashing through his body like lightning. He is like us , Luke thought at the time, like my sister and I with a powerful connection to either side the Force . No, Luke remembered frowning and correcting him thoughts, the light and the dark together flow freely around and through him just like it did with my father, and how it does with Ben . Finn is not a Skywalker, but his connection to the Force is no weaker because of it. Luke was aware that Finn was a very attractive man, but if he had to guess it was his connection to the Force that made him so appealing to his nephew, and to Snoke. Luke was very hesitant to take Finn on as an apprentice after the disaster with his nephew, but Luke also realized that it was the only way to undo some of Kylo’s influence on the young man. It was a risk he had to take. Luke brought his thoughts back to the present and he encouraged Rey and Finn to begin their descent to the planet below. As Rey started the landing procedures they entered the atmosphere of Lan. This was a moon of the planet Lanza in the middle of the outer rim. As they started their descent, Finn started to feel a combination of unease and relief. His hand unknowingly rubbed on his chest right above his heart, as he tried to piece together what he was feeling right now. Rey quickly glanced over at Finn and asked him “Is everything alright?”. “Of course. Why wouldn’t it be?” Rey sighed, Finn was as elusive as ever. She cared about Finn so much, but he always had this strange mix of being completely open and keeping his cards close to his chest. He was a mystery to her. If duality could ever be used to describe someone Finn would best fit the description. It made it difficult for her to get a solid read on him sometimes. She knew she could trust Finn, and she also knew that he cared a lot about her, Poe, Luke, and the Resistance. But he did not like to burden others with his troubles, and she had a nagging feeling that part of his burden was the care he also felt for someone else. All the while, she would watch him suffer in silence hoping that one day he would share his troubles with her. Looking out the corner of her eye Rey noticed Finn’s light touch over his heart had changed to him tightly grasping his chest, as if he was struggling to breathe. She couldn’t stay silent any longer. Before she could get a word in, Luke lightly touched Finn’s shoulder and told him “It’s alright Finn. I feel him too”. Still wanting to help her friend Rey asked, “Feel who?” Neither of the men answered her question, but Finn did respond with a tremble in his voice “I’m endangering the mission. I shouldn’t have come”. “No Finn. Not enough time has passed since you left, and the bond is too great for you to be left alone in case he finds you,” Luke paused and smiled at Finn fondly, “You are strong my apprentice, and with Rey and I beside you, you won’t be seduced by the dark side again”. “Bond?! What b-? Forgive me… but who are you two talking about Master Luke?” Luke’s face hardened and he continued to look at Finn who was staring back at him. In the back of his mind Finn could hear Luke voice say, It is not my story to tell. Just before Finn could make his decision, he shivered and felt his back muscles tighten when he felt a familiar pattern of pressure going from the top of his spine down to the middle of his back. He closed his eyes, and he was brought back to old memories to a time before he called himself Finn. There he was, in a large bed with black sheets lying shirtless next to another man. This man was laying on his side and he gazed down at Finn through his long eye lashes. The man's long and wavy black hair framed his face as if he was hiding and he seemed a little hesitant. Finn's expression changed to a slight smile as he remembered that this was how he would let Finn know what he wanted during his shy moments. Finn ran his hands through the other’s wavy strands to relax him, and give a gentle kiss next to his lips. Then Finn took the man’s firm shoulder and rolled him onto his back as he looked down into his dark eyes. Finn moved closer and kissed him slowly and gently on the lips. The other man sighed and became more relaxed. He moved his thick arms up Finn’s muscled back and pulled Finn closer as he opened his thighs to him. He smiled and deepened the kiss as he put most of his weight on the man below him while he positioned himself between his legs. Finn bit his companion's bottom lip while pushing his hips down and up over and over in a steady rhythm, and he heard a soft moan beneath him. He responded to Finn by holding him between his legs with his feet pointed and his toes touching Finn's calves. Then he grasped Finn’s shoulders with both hands and threw his head back lost in feelings of ecstasy. Finn rolled his hips around and down again and gave gentle kisses down his neck. Finn not so gently bit the spot where his neck meets his shoulder and was rewarded with a gasp and shaking thighs that crossed around his hips. “Please. Please… I need you. I want you to -” Finn gasped as he shoved his focus back to the present. Finn took an unsteady breath as he tried to push the memory from his mind. Aware that both his master and Rey were staring at him due to the sated look on his face, Finn ignored their gaze and went back to completing his part of the landing sequence. He was leaning forward perhaps a little more than was necessary as he completed his task. He quickly remembered that before his mind got lost in that memory Rey asked him a question. Finn had trouble looking Rey in the eye when he responded “My… my former master. Kylo Ren”. Rey’s eyes went wide and she opened her mouth to ask so many questions, but from the serious look Luke gave her she let it go. Finn completed his part of the landing procedure and placed is hands on his lap, not noticing that Luke was watching him intently. Not noticing, because he was easily distracted as the gentle pressure continued down his spine. Chapter 2 : Millennium's Twilight Notes: Sorry for the long gap but I wanted to get something out. I wanted to thank everyone who has read and commented on this fic so far. I was inspired to return to this fic from a comment I recently received from Margywolvs, so thank you so much for the encouragement. This chapter is a bit on the short side, but I wanted to get this scene out of the way so we could get to the fun stuff :) As usual this is unbeta'd so all mistakes are my own. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) The long descent was an uneasy one. The Millennium Falcon was a reliable ship, but it was still incredibly old. The storm they had to fly threw, on their journey to the moon’s surface, was intense. Luke was reminded of when he first encountered the Falcon, and thought it was a ‘piece of junk’. He hoped now that this junk ship didn’t decide that right now was the time it would retire. The sound of loud groaning could be heard as the pressure from the storm overwhelmed the ships shields. Then a sensor went off, which Rey knew indicated the ships scanners had picked up other ships. “Keep going”, Luke directed. He knew the First Order was following them. He only wished he had more Jedi to help protect and guide his new apprentices. As powerful as he was with the Force, he knew his nephew wouldn’t stop until he had what he wanted. Finn put together where that feeling of unease and relief was coming from. As much as he dreaded the idea of facing Kylo again so soon after their last battle, part of him wanted Kylo near all the time. He remembered the times when Kylo would kiss all over kiss body, and point out all the parts of Finn he thought were beautiful. Those nights were long because Kylo cherished every part of Finn, from his easy smile to his tightly coiled hair. Finn missed the peace he felt when he laid his head on Kylo’s lap. The older man would sing to him then when Finn’s nightmares were particularly bad. It wasn’t common knowledge with the helmet and all, but Kylo’s voice was very soothing. Finn knew Kylo wouldn’t be singing to him anytime soon if their fight on Starkiller base was any indication. He believed in his heart that fighting back now would be unsuccessful, but he was never one to give up easily. “He’s going to shoot us out of the sky if we don’t do something”, he said urgently. Rey agreed although she also felt uneasy, “He’s right, Master. The land mass on Lan is vast. We should try to lose them”. Luke wasn’t sure that trying to evade Kylo was the best thing to do even though it seemed like the obvious answer. “I trust you both, as well as the Force. Let it guide you”. Immediately a vision showed him standing side by side with Kylo. He quickly shook the images from his head. Putting on a brave face he turned to his friend and grinned, “We’ll do it just like we did on Jakku”. Rey’s unease didn’t end, but Finn’s smile did lift her spirits. “Alright. Get ready!” Finn rushed towards the ships gunners as Rey took full command of flying the Falcon. The ship struggled to maneuver through the continued storm as Finn shot down 8 of the 10 TIE fighters. The fighters surprisingly weren’t firing back at them, but they did accomplish their mission of herding them in a certain direction. Before any sense of victory could be felt, Kylo’s Upsilon-class command shuttle emerged from a purple cloud and fired four shots in quick succession. Due to the stress from the storm, the shields were already weakened so the blasts severely damaged the ship’s hull. Finn could hear Luke’s voice in his mind ordering him to head to the escape pods. By the time Finn got there Rey and Luke were waiting and they were arguing. There were only two pods and only one person could barely fit in each one. With there being three people on the ship, someone would have to take their chances staying behind on the Falcon. Rey argued that because of her piloting skills she had the best chance of landing the Falcon safely. Luke, stricken from the distant memories of his fallen students couldn’t bear to lose any more. Finn, being the practical one used the Force to shove both Rey and Luke into the two pods. Then jettisoned them off before either one could manage to do anything. He could feel both of their dismay and fear through the Force, but he didn’t regret it. As soon as Kylo started to fire he knew that it was important that he stay behind on the ship. He wasn’t sure why, but he decided to trust in the Force as Luke had instructed. He slowly moved in the direction of the ships cockpit. It was like a walking meditation as he focused on channeling the Force around and through him. Through it, he communicated with the one whose power he was both running from and drawn to. When he reached the cockpit, he transferred all the remaining power of the shield to focus on the cockpit. He manipulated the controls to slow the ship’s descent and prayed that both Luke and Rey would be safe. The planet’s climate was unstable, but there were caves where they would be protected from the elements. The pods were also equipped with enough food and supplies to survive for about 30 cycles. The surface of the moon quickly came into view so Finn worked on finalizing his plan. Finn knew most people would head in the direction of his companions’ pods after landing, but he knew that just like Luke he would have to face his fears once again. The Falcon descended too quickly due to the damage on the ship, and multiple proximity and damage alerts rang out, and he resisted the temptation to attempt a landing. Moving the floor, Finn crossed his legs and closed his eyes. Ignoring the alerts and the violent shaking of the ship, Finn felt a warm glow surround him as his energy merged with another. Together their energies formed a bubble of purple light. You’ll be fine. I got you. A rich voice whispered in Finn’s ear and he could almost feel the hard chest at his back. Legs spread out on the outside of his own, and strong arms wrapped around his body. It’s been a long time since they’ve done this, but it still came easily to them both. The bond between them allowed the pair to merge their powers whether they were near or far. Kylo’s essence had joined with Finn's on the Falcon, and together, they formed a barrier between him and the rest of the universe. Finn released a long held sigh and tilted his head back, just moments before the Falcon disintegrated. Much as he did in the past, Finn surrendered himself to his lover, and his fate. Notes: Thank you to everyone who subscribed/bookmarked months ago and is still reading this. I hope you enjoyed chapter two!