Meridan Candidate Meridan Noro, Congratulations on the completion of your academic coursework and the passage of your exit examinations. We are pleased to inform you of the following assignment: Rate: Ensign First Class Position: Bridge Superior Officer: Captain First Class Kote Ledesma Location: Star Destroyer Finalizer You must arrive at your assignment to begin service within 72 standard hours. Present the attached orders at any allied or neutral spaceport for travel free of charge. Best of luck in your assignment and the years of service ahead, Commander Yinsin Lotroya First Order Department of Military Personnel Once Meridan had read and reread the assignment enough times to believe he wasn’t hallucinating—approximately fifty times in all—he went to the washbasin to throw some water on his face. As he dried himself with a towel, he returned to his datapad and forwarded the message to a single recipient. Baromis Noro: Father and all-around-asshole. — You’ll never amount to anything. — It was a mistake to name you after your grandfather. — Your sister’s more of a man than you. Meridan knew this wouldn’t really change the bastard’s mind; nothing would. His father would be more likely to think that the First Order personnel department had gone out of its collective mind than to believe that his son merited a flagship posting. — How many times did you go down on your knees for that precious piece of flimsy? Meridan shook his head. He hadn’t seen or spoken to his father since he entered the Academy four years ago, but he could still perfectly imagine his vitriol. I didn’t whore myself out for this or anything else I’ve ever received. I earned it, just like you said men should. Hard work, self-denial, pure fucking ambition. Not that you’d believe me. With his father's likely criticisms ringing in his head, Meridan started packing his meager possessions. Everything still fit in his standard-issue duffel bag. Taking one last look around his dormitory room, he realized he wouldn’t miss it much, then headed to the port. He secured a seat on a flight leaving in eleven hours. He’d arrive on the Finalizer forty-seven hours after that. As the clerk scanned his military ID to secure payment from the First Order database, he heard his nickname being screeched from across the port. “MER! Mer, Mer, Mer!” He waited until the approval went through, took his ID back, and finally turned. Four of his comrades-in-training were gaining on him, swinging their own duffel bags and grinning. “Hey guys.” Rahli and Westin grabbed him in a single bear hug. Once he could breathe again, he saw Westin steal a glance at his datapad. “So, superstar. Where are you headed?” “Nowhere for eleven more hours.” “Good,” Rahli nodded. “We’re going to get plastered before heading out. But what I think Westin meant is where are you headed after those eleven hours are up?” Meridan sighed and let Rahli swipe his pad, waiting for the fallout. “Bantha-shit! This is complete and utter bollocks!” Rahli cried out in disbelief. He wasn’t known for his cursing, so the three other young men crowded around. Westin stared at Meridan and his voice betrayed shock. “The Finalizer . The fucking Finalizer .” Meridan gave him a small smile that he hoped was winning but still somewhat humble. “Apparently so.” “Well, this begs the question,” the previously silent Kirt began. “How did you do on the exits?” Mer cleared his throat. “Look, guys, I don’t want to start a pissing contest.” “The contest is over! And you already won it! We just want to know by how much.” “99.5%,” he admitted. He had scored in the top half-percentile of this year’s cadets—possibly higher, but the academies only reported to 0.5% and they never rounded up. “Well, I suppose that would do it.” “Anyway, onwards and upwards! But first—the booze!” Vano made the declaration with his arms waving in celebration. His announcement elicited a short cheer, and the group headed off towards the neon lights flickering down the road. Rahli, Kirt, and Vano had left the bar to make their way back to the port for earlier flights. That left Meridan and Westin alone with a tableful of empty glasses between them. Westin gazed at Meridan over the dregs of his most recent drink. “One last time, Mer?” The question was barely above a murmur. “Sure. I’m up for another round or two, West.” “No, not that.” Westin’s eyes dropped as his hand fell over Meridan’s on the counter. “Us. Before we leave.” He started rubbing the skin between Meridan’s thumb and forefinger. The touch was somewhere between innocent and lascivious. Us. Like that means something. “Oh.” Why does he always have to look so ashamed about it? Meridan had a slightly sick feeling in his stomach all of a sudden, and it wasn’t from the alcohol. “If you want.” Yeah, leave it up to Mr. Sad Eyes here; we'll see how much fun he wants to have. “I’m going to miss you, Mer. I don’t know if… if anyone will understand me. Where I’m headed.” He glanced around and seeing that no one was looking at them directly, he impetuously took Meridan’s hand in his and brought it to his lips for a desperate kiss. “Look, you idiot,” Meridan began, putting as much affection into the insult as he could. “Estimates say five to ten percent of the human population is like us.” Westin let go of his hand and Meridan pulled it back. “Like you, you mean. I’m not—not really. Only with you." “Sorry, I know.” No use arguing. Meridan leaned in to whisper directly into his friend’s ear. “Just trying to say it’s more common than you might think. Look, would a blowjob cheer you up?” West’s eyes sparkled. “Yes, I think it would.” Of course it fucking would. West used him; he had for the past two years. He went to Meridan for comfort, for companionship, to erase his loneliness and self-doubts for an evening. And then he’d back away, avoiding the topic and Meridan’s eyes for weeks. Until the next time. And there was always a next time. But Meridan had learned to be happy with what he could get—or at least enjoy their time together while it lasted. And when West was with him, actually there, he was a sweet partner. Nicer than some of the guys Meridan had known. On his knees now, being used for the last time in the bedroom of an hourly rental, he listened to West respond to his mouth. He would miss this. Hell, he might even miss the stupid, languid stares that he sometimes caught West giving him—the looks he thought no one in their group saw, when he was busy deciding between being good and being happy. Everyone else knew; they just had the courtesy to not talk about it for Westin’s sake. Meridan would have been happy for West to sit in his lap during dinner. They would have been far from the only couple at the Academy—and not the only same-sex one either. Candidates were only barred from relationships with commissioned officers, not each other. But the most he ever received from Westin were furtive touches under the table, a finger running fearfully up his thigh. Times like that, Meridan just wanted to stick his tongue in West’s ear and force him to deal with himself, with them . But he never did; he’d been too concerned about losing what little they had. He returned to the moment at hand. West was getting close to climax, his small noises turning into words. He reached a hand out to steady himself against the bedside table. “Gods… Meridan… oh, fuck, Mer …” His clumsy fingers knocked a small lamp onto its side. Meridan pulled his lips off to ask the other young man, “What do you want? Do you want to come in my mouth?” That was usually how their encounters went. Meridan would bring Westin off, and depending on the other boy’s mood, he might reciprocate. West groaned as he forced himself to think, to make a decision. He finally spoke. “Can… can I… Would you let me fuck you?” An eyebrow shot up before Meridan could prevent it. Two years. Two years of handjobs, of blowjobs, of coming against each other’s skin. And now they’d probably never see each other again and— Oh. That explained it. He wanted to say No, I’ll miss you too much as it is . But instead he stood up, kissed West’s neck, and murmured, “Yes. Please. Finally.” West took his hand and they moved toward the bed. “Show me how.” They laid out on the mattress and slowly removed what remained of each other’s clothes. West’s eyes weren’t sad anymore—his pupils were dilated with the low light and desire. Meridan realized his friend was trembling. “I’ll do the prep, West.” He reached for an inner pocket of his duffel bag and pulled out a small bottle. “What’s that?” “Lubricant.” Westin's response was faraway and thoughtful “Oh. Hm.” First time, huh, sailor? Meridan thought. But instead he caught West’s lips in a soft kiss that quickly evolved into something distinctly not soft. “How do you want me, West?” he breathed. He saw his partner’s confusion and gave him options. “On my back or on my knees?” He knew the answer even before West did—he knew the other man wouldn’t be able to look him in the face, not the first time, no matter how much he wanted it. “Knees,” West managed, his voice low and husky. Meridan also knew that his scars weren’t going to be a problem—the whole class and all their instructors had seen them and stayed silent at the very beginning of training. Only Rahli had mentioned it, later when they were alone after dinner. Then Rahli had turned his own arms over to display the parallel lines of tiny burns that peppered his pale skin. West had seen his back plenty of times, and although he’d looked at him a bit sadly afterwards, that was the extent of the discussion. “I need to get ready for you. It’s been a while for me.” Westin appeared concerned. “I don’t want to hurt you—” “It won’t hurt if we do it right.” Meridan laid back against the mattress and popped open the bottle cap. He poured lube into his palm and worked it onto his fingers. He reached a hand out and stroked West a little. “Touch yourself while you watch me,” he suggested, and brought his hand around, curving past his balls, tilting his hips up to give the other boy a bit of a show. “Uhn,” West grunted as he watched Meridan sink a finger inside himself. He leaned over and started nibbling at Meridan’s neck, brushing his stubbled cheek against his friend’s chin. “How long?” he whispered. “I—I want to be in you.” “Soon. I need to use my fingers more.” West looked directly at him, his eyes wild. “Can I?” “Of course. Take some lube first.” West complied as Meridan removed his own hand and flipped over for easier access. And then West’s hands were both on him, one on each cheek, spreading him just enough. A finger circled him slowly, hesitantly. Meridan let out a low growl in expectation, and the noise broke West’s reserve and the finger slid in. “Ah,” Meridan sighed in relief. It wasn’t the feeling itself—it was the fact that it was West. About damn time. “May I move my finger?” West asked, like this were Meridan’s first time too. It was sweet. “Yes. Fuck, yes.” West slid his finger back and then in deeper, exploring the curious sucking feeling around his digit. “Mer, you’re so tight. How will I ever…?” he let the question hang. “More fingers. Stretch me.” “I see.” West was a quick study. He worked his middle finger in beside the first and began pumping his hand back and forth. Meridan groaned, and this time it was the feeling. “More. Please, more.” West began to slide his two fingers apart, spreading the passage in preparation for another. Meridan moaned softly under him, and West remembered his own erection. He stroked himself with his left hand as he worked his three digits with the other. “Soon,” Meridan promised. “Are you hard enough?” “I don’t know if I’ve ever been harder,” West admitted in a whisper. “Good. Sit up on your knees and lead the way with your fingers.” West did as he said, guiding himself inside. He went slowly but more smoothly than Meridan had expected. Probably because he’s so worked up. “Mer? Where do I put my hands?” he asked tentatively once he was in up to the hilt. Meridan chuckled at the boy's hesitancy. “Anywhere you want, handsome. Hips or shoulders are traditional.” He felt West’s hands rub his shoulders briefly before sliding down his back to settle around his waist. “This feels like the right spot.” “Yes it does.” Meridan wasn’t talking about West’s hands; he was referring to the entire situation. West breathed out and Meridan felt his thighs tremble. “Here goes,” he said, mostly to himself, then began pressing against Meridan’s ass. It didn’t take him long to hit his stride—Meridan had always figured this was a pretty natural motion for just about anybody, and West was supplying more supporting evidence. Meridan licked his palm and reached down to grab himself in a fist; he knew West was plenty busy already. Maker knew his first time he hadn’t been thinking of his partner either. After a few minutes, West was already panting heavily. “Gods… Mer… I can’t… so tight, so warm, so good.” Meridan sped up his own strokes to better coordinate his climax. “Then come.” "Is that okay?” “West, keep fucking me until you’re done.” That did it. West moaned in deep satisfaction, still thrusting wildly, and let go. Meridan followed immediately, spilling onto the sheets as he felt West come inside him in waves. The first encounter he’d had with Westin Burgett had come in their second year of candidacy. Meridan had followed the other student outside the bar for a tabac break even though he himself rarely smoked. They were both mostly drunk already, and nicotine sounded like a good idea. Westin gave him a cautious sideways glance. “This is probably going to sound strange, but you’re the first openly homosexual person I’ve met.” He grimaced dramatically. “And now you must think I’m a provincial rube.” Meridan shrugged. “I didn’t know any myself until I came here. The only other gay person I knew on Pridax was my boyfriend. We weren’t out.” “And are there many gay people here? At the Academy, I mean?” “There seem to be quite a few. Some couples, even. No one’s particularly concerned about consequences. It’s a nice change.” “You seeing anyone?” Westin asked. “Not really. Trying to focus on my studies. You?” “Same, I guess. Well, not because of studies. Just haven’t found anyone yet.” “You’ve got to be kidding,” Meridan said before thinking things through. “I mean, you’re quite attractive.” Shit. What are you doing? Westin smiled at him knowingly. “It’s tough, isn’t it? I mean, I get so… worked up. And then I can’t focus on anything at all, because all my energy goes into... wanting . I get too fucking horny to even chat a girl up like a normal person.” He slipped Meridan a sneaky grin. “Don’t you get like that sometimes?” “I suppose. That’s usually when I… Well.” Meridan looked at the burning end of his cigarette before continuing and decided to let Westin know how he went about stress reduction. Nothing shameful about it , he reminded himself. Looking around, there was no one here to contradict him. Even after two years at the Academy, systems away from home, he could still hear his father’s disparagements. But slowly he was learning to shake off the imagined insults before they sunk in too far. “When I go out drinking. Looking for something casual.” “Like tonight?” Meridan shrugged. That really wasn’t his reason for coming to the bar. He’d just been joining a few friends for an evening out. But now he wanted to see where this conversation was headed. It sounded like West was desperate to blow off some steam. “Not especially, but that doesn’t rule out the possibility.” The other student groaned as he took a sharp inhalation, nearing the edge of the filter. “Fuck, I need to get off soon or I’ll go mad. Y’know, I’ve never… been with a male. But I suppose it could be satisfying. You’d— he’d , I mean—know what to do. Know what I needed.” Meridan wasn’t too drunk to notice the slip, or to realize that Westin was gauging his interest. “Care to find out?” “What? With you?” Westin looked at Meridan in hungry appraisal. “I… well… Sure, why the hell not?” Meridan grinned. “How ‘bout a blowjob, then?” Westin sighed in relief. “I’d love one.” He paused, lost in imagination. “Now?” A quick nod. “Where?” He was already working on logistics. Knowing he’d feel like a whore for this the next day, Meridan pushed his reservations to the backmost corner of his mind. “You have a vehicle here?” Westin nodded, then caught himself. “I really shouldn’t drive.” “Don’t worry. We’ll just be using the backseat.” He grabbed West’s hand. “C’mon. Lead the way.” The candidate threw away his dying cigarette and more or less dragged Meridan down the street. His speeder was tucked away in an alley three blocks from the bar. After unlocking it with a series of beeps from his remote, he looked around to assess just how alone they were. “Fuck it,” he mumbled, grabbing Meridan by the waist and pulling him in for a sloppy kiss. Meridan hadn’t expected this—he’d only bargained for quick oral in the backseat, not foreplay. But now West’s tongue was exploring his mouth, and he decidedly did not mind. Not one single bit. Meridan sighed against West’s lips. They kissed desperately, hungrily, trying to forget their loneliness just a little. Eventually West broke away, held Meridan by the shoulders, and smiled. “You’re a good kisser.” “I’m even better on my knees.” Westin’s pupils dilated even more as he remembered the offer that had started this. He immediately clambered into the speeder, Meridan following him. It was a tight squeeze between the front seats, but once they made it to the back there was plenty of space. Meridan settled in on the floorboard between Westin’s knees. “Show me what you’ve got,” he demanded, rubbing at bulge in the boy’s pants. The belt vanished, West pulled his flies open, and then Meridan reached in and gently pulled him out. “Nice.” “You like it?” West asked, sounding a tad skeptical. “Yes. Let me show you exactly how much.” “Oh, fuck .” West’s fingers curled into the seat cushion as Meridan gave him a lick, then sucked the head between his lips. He gasped when Meridan’s head began to bob. “That’s amazing.” Meridan pulled off with a solid suck and grinned up at him. “Anything you particularly like?” As he spoke, he jerked West slowly, steadily. “What? Other than getting sucked off?” “Y’know. Deep-throating, taint licking, ball squeezing?” He didn’t mention fingering or rimming; he wasn’t going to press his luck tonight. Maybe there’d be a chance for that sort of thing, somewhere down the road. “I… don’t know. Haven’t much done any of that.” Meridan leaned in again and worked Westin from shaft to tip, listening to his quiet sighs. He felt a tentative hand on his head, then fingers playing with his curls. This encouraged him to see if he could swallow West whole. Finally touching his lips against the boy’s pelvis, he received his reward in breathy moans. “Fucking hells , Mer.” Taking a quick break, Meridan shyly said, “You can fuck my face if you’d like.” He figured that West needed a little encouragement, if not outright instruction. “What does that mean?” He rolled his eyes. “Just what it sounds like. Thrust into my mouth. Hold my head in place.” “Oh.” He ran a fingertip across Meridan’s reddened lips. “You’d be okay with that?” Like I'd have suggested it otherwise. But he supposed it was nice for Westin to check to make sure. “More than okay. I want to get you off. Use me.” That probably wasn’t the healthiest thing to say, but Meridan was aching to please Westin. He had kind eyes and a lovely dick, and Meridan was growing increasingly certain that he wasn’t entirely—or even mostly—straight. Especially after their impromptu make-out session. “Ah, fuck, Mer. Get your mouth back on me.” This time, he held Meridan down and tilted his hips upward to fill the boy’s throat. “That’s so hot. Fucking your face,” he repeated the phrase to himself, watching the act. “Maker, you do know what you’re doing. This is exactly what I needed.” He listened to Meridan’s mouth as he angled into it over and over. “I’m gonna get off so fucking hard on you. In your mouth okay?” Meridan nodded briefly then hummed in happy anticipation. “You want it?” He nodded more energetically, enthusiastically. West began bucking and groaning wildly, gripping Meridan’s head as though his life depended on it. And then he was coming into his friend’s mouth. Gasping for breath, Westin watched Meridan swallow. “Fuck, that was so hot. I’m gonna jerk off to that for weeks.” Regaining some of his more complex thought processes, he added, “What do you want from me?” He looked slightly concerned, as though Meridan were going to demand full reciprocation from him. “Would you mind kissing me again? While I take care of myself? You don’t have to watch. I’ll keep my pants on.” West smiled in relief. “Not at all. Get back up here,” he ordered kindly, patting the cushion beside him welcomingly. Not a bad send-off , he thought as he settled into the second-class compartment. He’d be playing that over in his head for a while. He wasn’t worried like Westin had been, but he knew it would probably be some time before he found a new partner. Maybe this one will actually admit he likes men. It would be nice to have someone reciprocate a little more, and maybe not disappear after climax for days on end. Although he admitted it was rather flattering to hear Only for you. I’d never want this from another guy. Just you, Mer. As frustrated as he’d been with West, he missed him already. He went back and forth in his mind for a while. He tried to read the notices on his datapad and almost got interested in an article about spice smuggling, but then he shifted in his seat. The slight soreness brought him back to the previous night. Well, to seven hours ago. Meridan wondered how guilty West was already feeling. Or maybe he was too exhausted after the booze-up and the—aftermath. Yawning widely, he realized how tired he was himself. Might as well try to get some rest. He was expecting his first weeks on the Finalizer to be at least slightly brutal. Chapter 2 : Muster Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Slightly brutal would have been an improvement. The first day of muster sent him back to the very start of his schooling. He felt short, clumsy, and confused. It was difficult to remember that he was now twenty-two, average height for his race, and fit. He tried to believe that the seven others were as nervous as he was; it didn’t work. They were six males and two females. Each at the very top of their class, ambitious, driven. His attention was suddenly grabbed by motion to the right. Muster always felt like a court date. You showed up to be sentenced for a crime you didn’t remember committing—but no matter, the leader would discover it and make it plainly known in front of all your comrades. And that was before he’d seen General Hux. A shudder went down the line. None of them had known beforehand who was running muster. Apparently it was the Commander of the Unified Forces of the First Order. Meridan was grateful that he was still slightly dehydrated, because he felt that otherwise he might just return to his childhood habit of wetting his pants when terrified. Their only hope was that the general didn’t have enough time to pay attention to their faults in great detail. Unfortunately, it quickly became apparent that this process was not a mere formality. The general was prepared to dress down any of them for any reason. “Byri, your belt buckle appears to be upside-down. He sounded absolutely exhausted as he continued with, “No, don’t fix it in public.” “Do you smoke, Huula? Stop immediately. I never want to smell it on you again.” “There appears to be some sort of seed lodged between your front teeth, Nik.” And here he was, right in front of Meridan, starched and trim and tall and so very orderly. General Hux looked him up and down once, then again. A curt nod, a quick “Noro,” and then on to the next recruit. I passed. “Please lose some weight. We don’t do bespoke uniforms due to heftiness.” He finished his trip down the line, then returned to face them front and center. “Good morning, recruits. Not the most promising of beginnings. In fact, I’m rather impressed that all of you managed to find the bridge. However, you may not be the worst crop yet. Last year the academies sent me ten. Two junkies, an asthmatic, and a stutterer. I pray to all the gods ever invented that you eight can do at least a little better than that. Feel free to pray as well.” With that, he spun on his heels and strode to take command of the bridge. Meridan took a few moments to convince his heart rate to drop. But I was the only one who passed muster. He realized that at least two other recruits were giving him dirty looks. Great. Now I’m the teacher’s pet. Hux sighed into his brandy, not sure how much longer he could put up with these conditions. Only one of his new officers had even passed muster. But he liked the looks of that one… EFC M. Noro, was it? The name sounded vaguely familiar. Lazily he keyed up the ensign’s profile. Ah, grandson of the first Meridan Noro, hero of the Clone Wars. Son of Baromis Noro, retired Imperial corporal. A military family background; that made sense. But this young man seemed strangely tense—all the other recruits were full of themselves, like usual. Meridan, while confident, appeared… angry? Frustrated? There was some sort of energy beneath the surface there. Hux was going to have to figure it out. He didn’t tolerate the presence of unknown variables in his equations. It was a small mercy that the next three days passed without any interaction between the general and the recruits. Captains Ledesma and Foryani directly supervised four of the new officers each, and they were the ones who would be handling the onboarding and orientation process. Meridan was having difficulty wrapping his brain around the sheer size of the Finalizer. It housed twice the people of the town he’d grown up in on Pridax. His quarters, although a single room plainly furnished, had its own refresher. He felt somewhat immature for being excited about this, but after four years of shared amenities, it represented a significant improvement. Also, the pillow was softer than he was used to. Meridan allowed himself to be pleased, since no one was around to witness his undignified giddiness over a private shower and fluffy pillow. Might as well enjoy it. Now he just needed to show the Powers That Be that he deserved this. In comparison to some of the other new officers, he was already doing well. On Day 5, Ensign Nik managed to forget how to calculate the area under a parabola, leading to some very odd fuel usage estimates. When the general himself stopped by to inquire about the suspicious figures, Nik prevaricated. “I used Ensign Huula’s formulae,” he explained, waving his hands vaguely while steadily maintaining eye contact with the general. Hux took this opening to turn to Huula, who was trying to tame his own shocked expression. “Is that so, Huula?” His voice was flat but his raised eyebrows indicated that he would be surprised if Huula had in fact been involved in any way. The surprised junior officer stumbled in his response. “Ah, well, sir, no. Not exactly.” “Did you assist in any of these calculations, Ensign?” Huula bit his lower lip before deciding to shake his head. “No, sir.” The general’s attention found its way back to Nik. “Take ownership of your mistakes, Ensign. Otherwise you don’t deserve praise for your successes.” Then he handed the folder off to Huula. “Try your hand at this, then. I recommend performing your own computations.” On his way off the bridge, he added in a rather cheery tone of voice, “Just a reminder that your postings here are provisional.” Everyone knew precisely whom he was reminding. Notes: No warnings apply to this update. And it's a short chapter, I know. Although I have most (?) of the story done, the next few chapters are what I really need to work on now. I've been pulling overtime at work, so once I get home I just want to collapse and let my brain rest. Chapter 3 : Stupid Mistakes Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Meridan watched in horror as the delivery shuttle scraped across the frame of the landing bay, ripping a solar panel loose. “Shit!” he hissed, calling up the routing play-by-play to determine what he’d done wrong when entering the trajectory plans. At least it was an unmanned transport and he hadn’t put a pilot’s life at risk. But there was significant cost involved, and it could have been avoided. “Why didn’t you double-check the trajectory?” Meridan stared up into the general’s piercing green-blue eyes. “I forgot, sir. I apologize.” He was hoping that straightforward honesty would be the best policy. He’d taken note when Nik hadn’t fared well in his attempt to pass blame on to Huula. The general nodded. “Forgetfulness is unacceptable. I will see you in my office at 2130.” “Yes, sir.” That’s it, I’m doomed. I’ll be shipped off to some miserable hunk of junk orbiting a backwater planet. He tried to keep his spiraling worries in check; after all, Nik was still on the bridge. For the time being. The general’s desk was at least as organized as the man sitting behind it. “Attention to detail has so far been one of your hallmark traits, Ensign. What happened today?” “I made a careless mistake, sir.” He wondered how closely the general had been keeping tabs on him and the others. Enough to formulate a list of hallmark traits, apparently. Hux sighed exhaustedly and pinched the bridge of his nose as if attempting to ward off an impending headache. “Yes, I am keenly aware of that. I’m asking for the reasons behind it.” “You’d like context, sir?” A hand waved in exasperation. “Yes, praise the idiot gods, you finally understand me.” “I—I’m not sure it’s an appropriate topic, sir.” He doubted it was a good idea to discuss the insulting missive he’d received from his bastard father, and even less confident that he should explain the reasons behind it. “Ensign, if personal problems are interfering with your work, then they are no longer personal. They immediately become my problems.” “I understand, sir.” Meridan swallowed painfully as his throat had become suddenly dry. “I received a message from my father this morning. It was less than complimentary, as is traditional.” “You have longstanding issues with your father?” “This is the first I’ve heard from him since I notified him of my posting here.” And that had been the first time they’d corresponded since Meridan’s matriculation. Hux raised an eyebrow. “I know from your record that you come from an old military family. Proud Old Empire folks, that sort of thing. And you’re telling me that your father was unimpressed with your assignment to a flagship retinue?” He nodded while replying, “Yes, General.” “Why is that exactly?” “Nothing is good enough for him, sir.” Meridan decided to go ahead and disclose the reason he’d brought shame and disappointment to Baromis Noro. “Because I disgust him. Ever since he found me—” he pushed back the image that came unbidden to his mind and rephrased. “—Since he found out … that I like men, sir.” Hux chuckled quietly, but it wasn’t a cruel sound; instead it conveyed something rather sad. Frustration, perhaps. The general shook his head. “We’re trying to run a galactic government here, and there are still so many fools who hold these outdated notions of sexual propriety—” he stopped suddenly. “What precisely did he say to you?” “He… I don’t think I can bring myself to say it aloud, sir. Would you like to read it?” Meridan gestured with his datapad. “Not particularly,” Hux said, but his hand was already reaching out for the proffered device. Meridan— Although it pains me to use your given name as it was my father’s, I cannot bring myself to call you “son.” I haven’t been able to use that word properly since the day I walked in on you and that other pervert. At least now I can inform my acquaintances that you have an honorable-sounding assignment, regardless of the manner in which I’m certain you obtained it. How many degrading acts you must have committed to get where you are today! Perhaps even that General—he always struck me as a likely invert—has you on your sad little knees. Do not contact me again. I only wish to hear your name when it is listed among the dead in some upcoming and pointless conflict. Signed, Col. Baromis Noro (Ret.) “Ensign,” Hux finally spoke, his voice low as he broke the silence between them. “Sir?” Meridan took back the datapad. He was concerned about how Hux might have taken the insult to his own person. Invert. What a horrible, outdated word. “I’m sorry.” Hux’s tone was quiet and angry. He rose from his seat and turned to stare at the wall. Meridan watched the general’s shoulders rise and fall. “I apologize for prying. It isn’t my place, but I’d recommend blocking further transmissions from him.” “I already have, sir.” “That’s probably for the best. You are excused, forgiven, and dismissed.” Meridan took his leave. Once in his quarters, he erased the message. But it was just a gesture—he already had the words memorized. He sighed and made his way to the refresher unit. At least the general had been surprisingly sympathetic. Maybe Father is right about him. At that unbidden thought, Meridan bit his lower lip until he tasted blood. Father isn’t right about a single damn thing. Hux was furious. His most promising new officer was facing difficulties because of some old moron. Why did the man have to send a message at all? It seemed Meridan was under no illusions about their relationship, was happy enough to try to carry on without a father in his life—so why would the older Noro reach out just to hurt him? The general had his answer right there. Just to hurt him . What had that bastard walked in on, anyway? An adolescent boy on his knees with a friend’s cock in his mouth? Or worse, his arse? He saw a younger Meridan bent over a mattress, wavy hair sticking to his sweaty forehead. Eyes dilated with desire, biting his lower lip, another boy’s hands gripping his shoulders… Hux felt a pang of lust at the image, but drove it away, too bitter to entertain desire at the moment. Surely he didn’t want the angry young officer. He only wanted Noro to perform as well as the general knew he could. Perform . The word carried other thoughts into his mind. Again, he pushed the images back. He could imagine but not sympathize with the elder Noro’s anger: As an only son, Meridan had probably been expected to carry on the family name and legacy. Make Captain at the bare minimum. Have at least two sons. Name the first one Boromis and the second Meridan. Get a mistress, have a secret second family with even more sons. Same old story. He wondered if Noro Sr. had tried to force a girl on Meridan after his discovery. Not that Hux had any idea what that was like. Oh, no, not a damn clue. He was sorry he’d caused Noro to reveal this, to delve into things that surely caused him pain and had done so for years. Vaguely he wondered what the man had said to his son when the boy was young, still developing his sense of self. Hux hoped Meridan’s ego was mostly unscathed from the experience. Perhaps the Colonel had been more distant than angrily involved. The way Commandant Hux had been: clearly disapproving, but rarely saying much to that effect. Disappointment that registered its presence in miniscule gestures, a fleeting facial expression; not outright shouting or insults. Such behavior was below the station of the Huxes, and ever since he’d been legitimized and moved into his father’s house, he’d had endless instruction in proper comportment. The offense to his own person in Noro’s letter was unsurprising, and nothing he hadn't heard before. Hux knew he was cold, calculating, and impeccably dressed. People who thought on the matter often figured he was gay or a sadist. Or both. Hux smiled—he failed to feel the intended insult. Such petty matters no longer concerned him; ever since— Stop. Do not even think his name. He stood up and gathered his workout clothes. It was either train or masturbate, and he’d made up his mind to ignore the latter option for the time being. Because he knew who would be on his mind, and he didn’t want to entertain that line of thinking. Notes: Content warning for homophobia and strained father-son relationships. Chapter 4 : Team Building Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The new officers had been shuttled to a moon currently undergoing terraforming for mining purposes. The terrain was rough and the new atmosphere thin, which was why the site had been selected for a team-building exercise. Nik had voiced his opinion that their superiors’ intent could more accurately be described as spirit-crushing, a comment that had garnered him some wry smiles. He’d been demonstrating a more pleasant side of his personality since his screw-up; he was well aware that his comrades’ opinion of him could make or break the future of his tenure on the Finalizer . After the shuttle disgorged them at the base of a rocky mountain, the young officers stood and gazed at the summit for a moment before shrugging and heading onwards and upwards. No one spoke much; the available oxygen was limited and everyone immediately felt out of breath. They proceeded in mostly companionable silence, picking their way over the dusty debris that littered their paths. After ninety minutes, Meridan found himself apace with Ensign Byri. Her forehead was shiny with sweat and she bit the bottom of her lip as she concentrated on her steps. “Hold up for a bit, would you?” Meridan asked as he stopped to swig some water from his canteen. She didn’t respond, and he didn’t press the issue. Despite the cool air he was feeling overheated from exertion. He pulled his sweater over his head and felt his shirt ride up with it. He thought he’d kept his back well hidden, but he heard Byri gasp. “What the fuck happened to you?” Apparently she had stopped to break with him. He wanted to snap, What the fuck does it look like? But he didn’t—the whole point of this exercise was to develop their group into some semblance of a team. And he found Asya Byri more pleasant than any of the other new officers. He chose to stay silent as she looked him up and down studiously. “It couldn’t have been an accident.” Meridan swallowed hard as she continued. “Someone did that to you.” He nodded. “My father,” he managed by way of explanation. How he’d come to despise that word. Once, years and years back he’d discovered his own baby book among his father’s texts in the library. According to its records, father (probably mispronounced) had been the second word ever to cross his lips. No surprise that mother had come first, since she must have been the one to care for him when he was that small. Before his father had to mind him and Sulli, albeit mediated by a protocol droid purchased for that express purpose. “Oh my fucking gods, Noro. Why?” “Because he’s a complete bastard.” This was really all anyone needed to know. It was also all he wanted to say. He’d never really talked about it with anyone other than Garrit; no one else had asked and he wasn’t going to volunteer. “Well, obviously. That goes without saying. But what set him off?” “Can we just—” He saw her determined expression and gave in. “Fine. I’m homosexual.” He squinted at her to watch her reaction. Even though the First Order had an official policy of not giving a shit, most of its recruits were from the Rim and beyond, where things like traditional family structures and strict religions continued to hold sway. Places like his own homeworld, where everyone pretended they were proper and good, where no one wanted to admit that anyone in their family had ever been anything but. The masquerades hiding all the hidden dalliances and secret addictions. He suddenly recalled his sister’s friend whose mother had a secret girlfriend, and all the deceptions put into place to keep it that way. Byri shrugged. “So’s my little sister. And don’t worry about my opinion—I certainly understand liking men.” She grinned up at him. “Although I admit I’m personally a little disappointed. You’re the cutest of our weird little group.” Meridan smiled genuinely. “Thanks.” “But… going back to what he did to you. Was he trying to kill you?” “No, but I used to wish he would.” She spat onto the dust at her feet, a waste of hydration that had Meridan feeling both shocked and touched. “ You should have killed him .” “Don’t think I didn’t dream about it, repeatedly and in great detail. For eight years. Even still, sometimes.” “Where was your mother during all this?” “Died when I was two. I don’t remember her.” “What happened?” “She had epilepsy. After the Empire fell, the New Republic blockaded the Outer Rim. She couldn’t reliably get the meds she needed. Eventually she went into stat-epi.” Meridan saw Ensign Byri shake her head quizzically, not understanding the term. “Status epilepticus—a generalized seizure lasting over five minutes, or multiple subsequent seizures without sufficient recovery time. The medics couldn’t stop it. She passed out and didn’t regain consciousness. My father decided not to keep her on life support. By that point, the brain damage was too extensive. Even if she'd woken up, she was already gone. There was no point in dragging it out.” “You sound so... detached and clinical.” “Like I said, I don’t remember her, or her death.” “Do you think she would have protected you? From your father?” Meridan shrugged his shoulders. “I have no idea. I tried not to wonder. I didn’t want to think of what he might have done to her. Because they didn’t fall in love; they had an arranged marriage. One of those political things that happen to people from well-connected families. Anyway. I think we should press on.” “If you ever need to talk, Noro, I’m here.” She shouldered her pack but lingered. “Please call me Meridan.” “Only if you call me Asja.” “Deal.” They shook on it. Scrabbling up the path over boulders that seemed to have been purposefully placed to twist ankles, Meridan and Asja found themselves together again on a rocky outcropping. They took a moment to pull out their water canteens and attempt to catch their breath. “About those arranged marriages. Were you going to have one?” Byri decided to remove her own sweater, and Meridan noted that she’d been sweating profusely. He hadn’t spent much time in the company of young women, and he was surprised to see this degree of perspiration. Was that sexist? Or just naïvely ignorant? “That had always been the plan. I was going to graduate from the Academy with my commission, court a few ladies on a pre-approved list during shore leave, and marry my favorite once I made Major.” He recalled the parallel plan he’d worked out in his head: Returning to Pridax only for Garrit Alkaram, immediately proposing to him, and far moving away. “Huh. That’s very organized.” “Yes. It seems to have worked out alright for my sister.” “You have a sister?” “Sulli, yes. She married a captain last year.” “Is he a decent guy?” He shrugged noncommittally. “Apparently. I wasn’t invited to the ceremony, but she and I still correspond.” “I hope your father didn’t hurt her as well.” “No, thank the Maker. She knew what was happening to me, but she was only twelve when it started. It was odd to have my little sister try to comfort me.” They spent the rest of the climb in companionable silence. Intermission: Back Then. “Mer? You okay?” Sulli’s voice comes through the cracked doorway. “Hey Sulli.” She pushes the door open and creeps inside. Her brother is lying on the bed, a thin sheet pulled up to his chin. “I heard,” she explains to the floorboards. “Want me to get the droid?” “No.” His voice is firm. “Absolutely not. Nothing leaves this room.” He wonders what precisely she overheard. Just the sounds of shouting, muffled cries, and his eventual collapse on the floor? Or had she caught the actual words that Baromis Noro had yelled? He wildly hopes it was only the former. She walks up to the edge of the bed and sits down on a corner. The mattress hardly dips at all under the weight of her tiny frame. “What happened?” He turns away to face the wall; she sees him wince as he moves. “Doesn’t matter.” She pinches his little toe, causing him to kick out involuntarily. “Tell me, you jerk.” Sulli knows this really isn’t the time to act immature, but she’s tried being grownup about this and it isn’t working. “He used his belt on me. For a while.” For twenty minutes. He would have kept going but he wore himself out at one hundred fifty lashes. I’m lucky he married at the age of forty. “What did you do?” Meridan sighs at the wall. He knows Sulli isn’t accusing him of doing anything wrong. She just wants to know what had set Colonel Noro off, but the wording still bothers him. At least it means that she didn't hear their father calling him a worthless invert. “You know Garrit?” She rolls her eyes. “Yes, I know who your best friend is.” What sort of idiot does he take her for? “He’s not just my friend.” Meridan flips back onto his left side to watch his sister scrunch her face up in thought. “Oh. Oh! You… you’re boyfriends? ” She sticks her lower lip out in a bit of a pout. “Blast. I thought I might marry him one day.” “You’re jealous?” he asks, amused—and terribly grateful that she isn't horrified by the revelation. “Yeah. He’s nice.” She kicks her legs out over the side of the bed. “Is he a good kisser?” “I’m not telling.” “I bet he is,” she decides. “How did Father find out?” “Walked in on us.” She looks curious. “Doing what?” “None of your business, really. But we were just kissing.” He reviews the scene in his mind, trying to figure out where it went wrong. They’d been sitting side by side on the couch, discussing in undertones if and when they should have sex for the first time. Then Garrit had admitted how frustrating it was to keep all of this from everyone they knew. Some of their mutual friends are starting to date as well, and none of them is able to shut up about the experience. And they probably know that Meridan and Garrit are together, but no one can discuss it. So Meridan had placed a comforting hand over his boyfriend’s, and that was when Garrit had leaned in for a kiss. Once it started, it was difficult to stop, especially considering the conversation they’d been having. To be perfectly honest, they should have just stood up and left for Garrit’s. Because he lived in an apartment attached to his parents’ house, his was a better place to talk, and a mostly safe space to do other things as well. “And Father walked in.” “Yes.” “And he had a fit," she guesses easily. “Yes. I’m supposed to want girls and marry one. Obviously.” He's trying not to sound excessively bitter; it isn't working. “Can’t you marry a girl and have a boyfriend too?” “I hardly think that would go over well. It wouldn’t be fair to my wife.” Meridan gets a weird little kick from hearing the words ‘my wife’ come out of his mouth. “Ramika’s mother has a girlfriend. We’re not supposed to know about it, though.” “That’s… interesting. But Father doesn’t want me to be gay at all.” Unbidden, a few choice utterances return to his mind. Perverted tendencies. Unnatural desires. Probably due to your mother’s absence during your formative years. The things Baromis had growled between sets of lashes as he caught his breath. “Do you like girls even a little bit?” “Not like that, I don’t.” “Well, then, move somewhere you can marry Garrit.” “I can’t exactly do that anytime soon, Sulli. I’ve got at least four years left of this shit. Sorry, language. I’ll have to figure some things out in the meantime.” He's still planning on attending one of the First Order Academies. A few months ago he scoured the military Code of Conduct and was relieved to discover that homosexuality was not a disqualifying attribute in prospective service members, and that harassment on the basis of sexual orientation was in fact explicitly prohibited. He’s tried to envision what it would be like to have that level of official protection—and he keeps failing. “Are you going to stop seeing Garrit?” “No, don’t be ridiculous. But he can’t come around to the house anymore.” He sees her face fall. “I’m sorry. It wouldn’t be safe for either of us.” Baromis Noro has to be able to believe that it’s over, which means no evidence in front of him. “Did he hurt Garrit too?” She looks like she’s ready to kill her father if she gets the wrong answer. “No, but he made him watch.” The tears that have been threatening to spill from her eyes finally do. “Fuck.” “Sulli!” He’s never heard her say anything stronger than ‘bloody’ or ‘blast.’ “I’m not sorry. Fuck that. Fuck him .” She smiles at him through her tears for a moment, but the look doesn't last. “Let me see what he did.” “No,” he says, although he’s already peeling his shirt up. He hears her gasp at the bloody lashes and lines of welts across his back. He imagines it looks worse than it did an hour ago when Baromis finally gave up; he wonders how bad it’s going to be by tomorrow. She stands up decisively. “I’m getting the droid.” He waves a protesting hand to stop her, but she pushes it away and ignores him. It comes and patches him up as best it can with its limited capabilities—it’s a protocol model, not a medical droid. Meridan tries to ignore the way it calls him ‘sir.’ But as it finishes placing the last of the bandages, it steps back and looks directly at him. “Sir, it’s hardly my place, but I recognize that you have been beaten.” “Yes.” What is it with protocol units and stating the obvious? Who had thought that was a useful piece of programming? “This is illegal, especially considering that you’re a minor—” “Drop it.” “Especially if it was at the hands of your fa—” “Who would you have me tell?” he snaps. “‘Whom’, sir.” The unit had been bought partially to serve as a round-the-clock tutor to Meridan and Sulli, so he’s used to this sort of correction. He’s learned to ignore it. “The local constabulary is equipped to handle complaints of this sort, I’m sure.” “Do you know why he did it?” The droid shakes its head. “No, sir, I am unaware of the reasoning behind his actions.” “Let’s just say it’s something I can’t have getting out. Not without putting someone else in danger.” Garrit’s father would do at least the same to him. “Oh. I’m sorry to hear that, sir.” Meridan gazes over its head. “So we’re just going to have to cope. I imagine I’ll have need of your services again.” “Yes, sir. As you please.” After the droid gives a stiff bow and leaves, Sulli speaks again. “Did you mean that?” “Mean what?” “You think he’ll do it again?” “I know he will, Sulli. Because I’m not going to stop.” He just has to be a little more careful. So he tugs a fresh shirt on and avoids looking at the blood stains on the one he threw to the floor. “That being said, I’m going out for the evening.” “Where?” “Garrit’s, of course. I have some gay to be. I’ll be back in the morning to see you off to school.” She gives a shy smile. “Kiss him for me?” He pats her head indulgently. “No. That would be weird. Find someone to kiss with your own face.” He rings the bell to Garrit’s apartment and waits for an answer. It takes longer than usual, but eventually he hears the buzz of the locking mechanism giving way and lets himself in. “Hey. I didn’t expect you to come by tonight.” He’s standing in the doorway, his expression all sympathy, a study in naked emotion. “Couldn’t stay away.” He steps into Garrit’s hug. “Couldn’t stay home.” What ever would they do if Garrit lived in the main part of his parents’ house? Both of their families have the credit accounts to cover endless hotel stays, but that wouldn’t work out more than once before they were cut off entirely—and worse would surely follow. If they didn’t have this one safe space, where would they go? Would any of their other friends give them a place to meet, knowing it could bring down the wrath of the Noros and Alkarams? “Are you alright?” Garrit asks as they settle onto the couch, side by side and touching at multiple points as always. They spend so much time being restrained in public and around others that when they’re finally alone, they’re always in physical contact. And it isn’t just sexual, mostly it’s for reassurance. I’m still here. You’re still here. Good. Meridan shrugs. “Sulli had our droid patch me up. She insisted.” “She’s a good one, your sister.” “I know. Between the two of you, I’m well taken care of.” He tries to believe that Sulli’s and Garrit’s love together more than outweighs his father’s disgust. Looking at Garrit now, he’s pretty sure he can convince himself the balance is in his favor. Maybe he’s actually more lucky than not. Garrit starts playing with the curls on Meridan’s forehead. His own hair barely grows past half an inch of coarse fuzz, and he’s always been fascinated with Meridan’s mop of locks. “Want to start back where we left off? Because I certainly do.” “Actually, I have a proposition.” He gives Garrit a light kiss on the cheek. “Remember what we were talking about earlier?” A nod. “I want that.” “You said you weren’t sure.” “Well, some things happened between then and now. I’ve made up my mind about what I want.” “And what you want is sex.” “Yes. With you. Tonight. Do you still want it?” “Of course.” Garrit closes his eyes. “I didn’t say it then, but I’ve never... I’m a virgin too.” “So we’ll figure it out together.” He puts both hands on Garrit’s face and leans in for a deeper kiss, but his boyfriend pulls back. “Tell me exactly what you want, Mer.” Meridan hates this part, expressing his desires in words, because the logical part of his brain doesn’t seem to link up particularly well with his emotions. He’d just rather feel his way through things, stumbling around and hoping no one got hurt. He stares up at the ceiling, trying to figure out precisely what he wants to have happen. “I want you in me.” Garrit is obviously surprised, and he has to repeat it. “You want me to have you first?” This is clearly not what he was expecting. “Yes.” “Why?” Meridan shrugs. “I love you. I want to show you. And I don’t want to hurt you at all.” Tonight, he’d rather be the one to put up with pain than the one causing it. He’s had plenty already, but if he has to deal with more, he feels like it would be fine coming from Garrit. “I don’t want to hurt you either, you know,” Garrit points out. “I’m sure I’ve had worse. And not for love.” Just yesterday, this statement would have seemed overdramatic. But now Garrit looks at Meridan and sees the ache in his eyes, the need for something good tonight. And he’s not sure if he can deliver, but he sure as hell wants to try. So they stop talking now, start trading words in for kisses. Meridan stands up and walks to the other room, letting Garrit follow him silently, holding his hand. He lies down on the bed, hissing when his bandaged back hits the cool sheets. Garrit looks down at him, concerned. “Is this going to be alright? Because you can be on your stomach.” “No. I don’t want you looking at… my back during this. Just… Distract me.” As Garrit lubes his fingers up and starts to get him ready, Meridan adds, “And I want to see your face.” That sounds much better than I don’t want you to see the injuries I sustained from being with you. Garrit rolls his eyes, showing that his pupils are now nearly dark enough to match his skin tone. “I’m going to look like an idiot.” “I’m sure I will, too.” It does hurt; Meridan wonders if there’s any way around that, especially the first time. He’s never had anything more than Garrit’s fingers in him, and those only go so far. The look on Garrit’s face is blissful at first, then concerned when Meridan winces and hisses. He pauses where he is, not going any further. “You okay, Mer?” “Yeah, just give me a moment.” “Does it hurt much?” Meridan nods a little, and Garrit looks like he’s about to pull out, but Mer stops him by wrapping his legs around the backs of his boyfriend’s thighs. “Don’t go anywhere. I still want this.” “But—” Meridan gives him a sharp look which shuts him up. Then he focuses on controlling his breaths and finds himself relaxing. “Now.” “Now?” “Yes, damn it, now , Garrit.” He breathes out as Garrit presses in all the way. “Oh.” “‘Oh’?” Meridan looks up and smiles. “That’s nice.” And that’s when Garrit allows himself to start enjoying it, pleasure apparent on his face. “Fucking hell, Mer.” He tilts his hips and moans. “This is amazing. You’re perfect.” “So are you.” Garrit begins thrusting rhythmically into him. “I can’t believe this is happening. It’s too good. You’re going to love having me.” He’s holding both of Meridan’s knees for leverage. “Touch yourself a little. I want to watch while I’m… in you.” And Meridan watches and feels Garrit fuck him while he strokes himself slowly. He feels fragile, like any little thing could either break him or make him complete. It’s probably a side effect of love coupled with giving up his virginity. “I love you, Garrit,” he murmurs. If it’s desperate to proclaim love during sex, he doesn’t care. And this is hardly the first time they’ve used the word with each other. Garrit responds by bending down and kissing him lightly. “I love you too, Mer. So very much.” He looks thoughtful for a moment. “If you don’t mind, I’d like you to wait.” “Wait?” Is he supposed to know what Garrit’s talking about? Because Meridan is having trouble with abstract thoughts right now. It doesn't help that Garrit is leaning over him, starting to fuck the breath out him one thrust at a time. “To come. So you can have me when I’m done with you.” Oh, Maker. I’m going to lose my damn mind tonight. “Yes. I think… I think I can do that.” “Fuck. I’m gonna… Can I? Come inside you?” “Yes, of course, Garrit.” Meridan listens as his boyfriend’s breath becomes bated, holds for a moment, and then returns in an explosive groan. He can feel the wet heat spreading inside him, and it’s all so intimate that he isn’t surprised to realize he’s crying a little. Soon Garrit fully collapses onto Meridan, then slowly rolls off onto his back. Meridan leans over him now, grinning mischievously. “You want me to take you the same way?” He wets a finger with the lube and slides it in without preamble. Garrit nods and moans immediately. “Maker, Maker, Mer…” “It’s just my finger, Garrit,” he points out needlessly. “I know, but everything feels so good right now.” He’s not sure he can express how sensitive he is at the moment, how all his nerve endings feel raw and exposed. Maybe he shouldn’t have asked for this, he thinks as Meridan wiggles a second finger inside him. He’s already a mess, and soon he’s going to come completely undone. “Fuck, Mer, fuck me.” He’s wailing, and he would be embarrassed but he has no energy for that now; his entire focus is on Meridan. “I’m working on it, Garrit.” And he is, but he’s having trouble getting the angle right. So Garrit turns over and gets on his hands and knees. Meridan stands by the foot of the bed behind him and enters much more smoothly than he expected—and deeper than he was planning. Garrit shudders and stifles a pained cry with a fist. “Are you okay?” Meridan asks, watching his boyfriend nod his head silently. “I know. It stops hurting soon, though. Let me know when.” He just stands still, holding Garrit’s waist as he waits. After about ten seconds, Garrit nods again. “Go ahead.” Meridan pushes experimentally. “Oh, fuck, Garrit .” It isn’t long before he’s gripping Garrit’s hips and thrusting hard and fast, pulling the other boy back onto his cock with each slam inside. “I told you so,” Garrit manages between moans. Later, once Meridan has fallen asleep on the bed beside him, Garrit lifts the sheets and takes a good look at his boyfriend's back. The bandages didn’t cover everything to begin with, and now they’re peeling off from sweat and the friction of rubbing against the mattress. Meridan Noro is going to carry scars from today for the rest of his life. Because of me. Because I couldn’t keep my lips off his. Shouldn’t have kissed him in his house. Shouldn’t have kissed him ever. But he can’t believe that last part. He feels everything too strongly, always has. Right now he’s overwhelmed by a mixture of joy and fear. Despite all his family’s money, he’s never had something he wanted to hold onto so much as Meridan, and he’s terrified of losing what they’ve got. He wants to embrace him, but he’s afraid the pain will wake Mer up. So instead he just lays back down and starts crying. Notes: Added content: consensual underage sex Content warning: Discussion of homophobia and child abuse. Just for the record, I despise hiking. Chapter 5 : Invitation Summary: See End Notes for warnings. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) “I don’t think the general is going to forgive me for that fuel usage kerfuffle,” Nik griped. “I’m going to feel like an idiot for months.” “It didn’t help that you tried to shift the blame,” Meridan pointed out matter-of-factly. He wasn’t trying to be a jerk about this, just honest. “I know, and I’m still sorry for that. I wasn’t ready to confront him about anything.” This was where Huula turned to chime in. “To be honest, you brought a vibroblade to a blaster fight. To go toe-to-toe with General Hux, you have to know what you’re doing.” At the mention of weapons, Meridan reflexively reached for his right hip to check his sidearm, but only noticed he was doing it when he felt its absence. He choked down a brief moment of panic, remembering the first and last time his blaster went missing. No weapons on the Bridge, he explained to himself, but the damage was already done . The memory was back, dragging all the attendant horror and guilt right along with it. Fuck. He struck out against the nearest light panel before he realized what he was doing. Withdrawing his hand, he hardly registered the sound of shattering glass. His breaths were deep, almost labored. Nik had yelped and jumped back from the neighboring console—Meridan had noticed but couldn’t find it in himself to care. You utter bastard. Why can’t I forget you? Why can’t I forget what I let happen? Or, barring that, forgive myself? Because I should have seen it coming. I should have known you were getting ready to leave. He flexed his fist and that was when he first felt a sensation other than pulsing rage. Pain. He looked down to see a few shards embedded in the lacerated skin. His knuckles were bleeding more than he’d expected. Love you. Hate everything else. “Ensign.” The voice from behind him was steady, cool, and entirely unnerving. Hux. “General.” Meridan sounded much more collected than he felt. “What the hell happened here?” Meridan finally relaxed his fingers and wiggled them a little. The blood flowed more freely now and started to drip to the floor. He cradled his injured hand in the opposite palm, trying to catch the blood, and turned to face the most important man in the military. “I… I lost control, sir.” Although the whole situation felt unreal, he was aware enough to realize that he had just stated the obvious. This was something he scorned in others, but he could hardly give a proper explanation at the moment. Nor was the Bridge the right place to divulge the reason he’d never returned home after departing for the Academy. For his part, Hux considered hitting Noro, but decided that if violence was the issue at hand, it wouldn’t do to attempt to counter it with more. And he saw the lost look in the ensign’s eyes, recognized that the man wasn’t entirely present. Any punishment meted out now would likely be ineffective; it would probably hardly register. “Stop bleeding onto my Bridge, Ensign. You are dismissed for the rest of the shift. Head to Medical immediately to get patched up. And report to my office at 2100.” As Meridan walked to the Medbay, he fumed at himself. How much leniency could he expect from General Hux now? He’d already required forgiveness once already. He’d only been here two months. Tone your shit down, Meridan. You don’t need to make everything around you as broken as you are. Don’t bring things down to your level. His breath hitched a little. He clenched the fingers of his right hand to feel something other than disappointment. Idiot, idiot, he repeated to himself like a bitter mantra in time with his steps. As the droid plucked the remaining splinters of glass from his hand, sterilized the cuts, and placed four sutures, Meridan reported the incident to a medical assistant who did a poor job of pretending to believe his account. A nurse offered him an analgesic, which he politely refused. He didn’t want his sensations dulled; the whole point was to distract himself with them. Physical pain was more pleasant than his memories—by a longshot. Accidental self-injury due to unsecured lighting fixture on Bridge. Ensign M. Noro tripped over a loose cord, flailed with his right hand to regain balance, and sustained twelve lacerations to the dorsal surface of the digits and hand. The assistant neglected to ask why his wild “flailing” hand had not sustained any injury to the palm or underside of his fingers, and Meridan was grateful for that. He was instructed not to wear his right glove for a few days, so he went without both. He didn’t want to look unbalanced. Plenty unbalanced on the inside. He pressed the intercom to Hux’s office and was buzzed in without an interchange. He stepped into the office for the second time, for a second talking to, and waited. The endorphins from the injury were wearing off, making him acutely aware of exactly how exhausted he was. So tired. Hux was standing by the outer wall, gazing out the viewport. “Ensign Noro.” “Yes, sir.” “Stand beside me.” Meridan walked up and took his place next to Hux. He stared out the port with his superior. He wanted to launch into an apology to get it over with, but he was waiting for Hux. All apologies, sir. He wished he could stop rephrasing the letter in his head. “I understand that you’re angry.” He turned his head toward Meridan. “Although I don’t know your full history, I imagine you to be well justified in your rage. But things as they are will not stand, Ensign.” He paused. “That’s why I’d like you to train with me.” “Sir?” The surprise, evident in his voice, was also written on his face. “You need to hone your anger. Put it to good use, because it’s dangerous unchecked.” He stepped in a little and lowered his voice. “For illustration, have you seen Kylo Ren in action?” “No, sir. Not yet.” “A single word of advice, then: If you ever see him on this ship with his saber drawn, run. Or duck. Both, if you can manage it at the same time.” Meridan smiled a little. “I can’t have you acting out like that. You need to learn to control it.” He held out his hand. “So spar with me.” The ensign shook his hand, wincing at the pressure on his fresh wounds. “Thank you, sir. For the opportunity to better myself.” Hux chuckled. “This is mostly for my sake, Noro. I can’t have everyone on board willfully damaging my property. Eventually Accounts Payable is going to cut me off.” As Ensign Noro took his leave, General Hux turned back to the port with his hands clasped behind his back. Lord Ren had his silly methods of meditation, but Hux had always found that all he needed to clear his mind was to watch the stars do absolutely nothing. The expansiveness of space was cold and quiet, something he’d always striven to mirror in his own life. Whether or not he’d obtained that goal inwardly, he knew he exuded a sense of order and control when around others, especially in uniform. That, in turn, calmed him. But now he wasn’t sure what he was doing. Yes, technically he was perfectly aware of what he’d just asked Noro; after all, he’d been considering it the whole afternoon. He just wasn’t certain why he was pursuing this and was concerned the situation might already be spinning out of his control. By this point, he was more than aware that he was attracted to the ensign; he’d admitted that to himself days ago. It had been quite some time since he’d… engaged with someone under his direct authority, and he could rationalize all he wanted but it wouldn’t change the fact that it was against policy and certainly ill-advised. Now that he was a general, there were few personnel who weren’t under his direct authority. He could list them on one hand, and the only relatively attractive person among them was Kylo Ren. He smiled and shook his head at that thought. I’m not touching that particular bag of crazy until everyone else in the galaxy is dead. So that left civilians or underlings. And he didn’t have much contact with civilians these days. Of course, he could back off at any time if he wanted to. Nothing was forcing his hand. They could go ahead and spar, but nothing more. He did have a feeling that hand-to-hand training would help Noro work out some of his anger, but the truth was that was only a secondary motivation. Mostly he wanted to screw Noro up against the wall of his office. Or perhaps across his desk. Both, maybe. The ensign had trouble with impulse control, and Hux suspected that characteristic would translate into enthusiastic sex—at least that had been his experience in the past. Also, as unprofessional as it would be, that sort of activity would probably help with the officer’s anger issues, as well as Hux’s annoyance at the latest deluge of paperwork that was threatening to drown him. I really need to start trusting Mitaka with more of this administrative banthashit , he reminded himself. Fetching his datapad, he made a note to have his lieutenant fill out some of the supply requisition forms that had been stacking up. If it went well, he could start regularly delegating that one task at least. He always had trouble giving up control of his projects, but he had to admit that he was becoming overwhelmed and not all the documentation really required a general’s personal oversight. Now that he was off duty and the meeting with Meridan was finished, Hux knew he should head over to his quarters for the evening, but he was having trouble tearing himself away from space. You have a port in your own damn bedroom , he reminded himself, but it wasn’t as large and didn’t impart the same feeling of bleak grandiosity as this one. And he didn’t feel as in control in his rooms because he didn’t feel like they were really part of his ship. Not for the first time, he wished he didn’t have to sleep so that he could live on the bridge. Sighing, he gathered his datapad, draped his greatcoat over his shoulders, and headed out. Asja Byri stared at her ale miserably. It had been a long day for her as well, and her hair reflected that. Meridan broke the silence. “General Hux asked me to train with him.” Her expression betrayed horror and jealousy at the same time. It was an amusing look. “He. What.” “I’m not sure why, but he seems to think sparring would be useful. Because of my anger issues. Maybe he’s right.” “Oh gods, you stupid idiot. He likes you.” “I’m sure it’s nothing personal. It’s just because I broke that light.” She clicked her glass down on the counter in a rather confrontational manner. “You don’t get it. He. Likes. You. ” His eyes narrowed at her insistence. “What do you know?” She shrugged noncommittally. “I’ve heard stories.” He leaned in now, overwhelmed by curiosity, and lowered his voice to a conspiratorial level. “What stories?” “A few years ago our general took an interest in one of the recon snipers. And suddenly the guy never spent the night in his guest quarters when he stayed on board.” “Wait a moment. Two things. First, Hux is gay?” She shrugged again. “Gay enough to fuck men.” “And secondly, fraternization?” “Apparently the guy was really hot.” She grinned and punched him on the shoulder. “Hotter than you, at any rate.” “He must have been something, since I know you have an unrequited thing for me.” Finishing her ale, she gave Mer a sideways glance and said, “I hope you’re ready for our general to turn your sparring session into something else.” In response, he put his head in his hands and groaned dramatically. “Oh Maker, what the holy hell have I gotten myself into?” At the end of his shift five days later, Hux strode up to Meridan and spoke without introduction. “Let me see your hand, Ensign.” Meridan removed his right glove and held his bare hand out to the General. Hux took it gently but firmly by the wrist and stepped in for closer inspection. “When are the sutures coming out?” “In two days, sir.” The ensign tried not to think about the fact that Hux’s hand was touching his own, but the man’s skin was remarkably cool. Hux nodded. “Good. It’s healing well.” “Do you have a medical background, General?” Meridan asked, purely out of curiosity. Hux let go of him, but Meridan could still feel where the general’s fingertips had held him. “I have some experience in emergency and combat medicine. Anyway, we should be able to start training next week. I’ll reserve a room for us.” And then he walked away, leaving the ensign puzzled but oddly pleased. Medical background. Experience in combat medicine. Hux snorted at his datapad, which he had open to detailed specs on some current weapons R&D. Fantastic. Why don’t you just share your whole life story in the corridor? Fucking live fire training. What, did they think recruits were a renewable resource? Apparently so. Idiots, keeping the worst aspects of Imperial education when they no longer had the materiel to sustain it. The letters in front of him gradually became strangely difficult to keep in focus. He didn’t want to admit what this meant. But soon he found himself pinching the bridge of his nose, feeling the actual headache beginning to bear down on him. Setting his pad aside, he headed to the bedroom. He pulled open a drawer and removed a spray ampoule. Placing it against a nostril, he pressed the actuator and inhaled. He hated relying on pharma, but there was no use in suffering a migraine tonight. He could power through one if absolutely necessary—he’d done it before, during battle when he couldn’t leave the bridge. But he’d rather not vomit if he could avoid it. Tossing the spent cartridge in the rubbish bin, he removed his uniform, carefully folded it away, and laid down on the bed. “Control: Run migraine protocol.” In response, the room dimmed, cooled, and all electronics shut off their humming as they went into power-saving mode. Hux felt the usual creep of lightheadedness from the medication. And now he was too weak and too tired to keep his memories at bay. He’s on standby when his comm sputters to life. —Declan. My location. Now. Only one candidate here calls him Declan. His heartbeat immediately becomes erratic as he punches the relayed coordinates into his map. He’s on his way before he really has time to think about what must be happening. Seachnall lays crumpled up against a wall. He’s managed to drag himself to decent cover. But Hux can see a trail of blood stretching about five meters along the ground and he feels like he’s been punched in several vital organs at once. He manages to get down and start pulling off the candidate’s scorched flak jacket in tatters. Seachnall coughs and grimaces at being shifted. “Sorry,” Hux whispers. “I have to assess the damage.” He hisses when he sees it. The jacket itself was shredded, but the flesh underneath is a far worse sight. Seachnall must have taken three or four rifle bolts to the abdomen. If it weren’t for all the blood, Hux knows he could see Seachnall’s stomach and intestines. What use was the fucking jacket anyway? All it did was prevent him from dying instantly. It just dragged out the misery. “Shit.” “That bad, love?” Seachnall murmurs. Hux doesn’t respond because he’s too busy going through his kit. His hands find a large hemostat sheet, rip it open, and press the bandage over about half of Seachnall’s wounds. The other boy howls as it cauterizes the exposed tissue on contact. “Sorry. Chemical burns.” This is already the second time he’s apologized. He never apologizes for his work. Medics don’t feel sorry for helping, for doing what they can. But Hux does this time. Because it’s Seachnall, and because what he can do isn’t nearly enough. He knows that already, even as he uses another bandage to cover the rest of the damage. This time his boyfriend just whimpers. It’s impressive that he hasn’t passed out yet, but he’s made it through a year of officer training at Arkanis Academy and that does a lot to harden a person. Now that the bleeding’s slowed to a steady seep, Hux finds a syringe and a vein and gives him a healthy dose of morphine. He doesn’t bother with an alcohol swab since he doesn’t want to delay the pain relief any longer. Later he’ll throw a packet away to make it look like he followed protocol. No use following universal precautions against infection now. He considers placing a line for fluids, because Seachnall’s lost more than enough blood to put him in immediate danger of end-organ ischemia , but Hux knows the increase in blood pressure will raise the risk of rebleeding, and then it’ll all just leak out anyway. And it won’t make him feel much better. Plus he’ll have to elevate the bag with one arm, and then he won’t be able to hold Seachnall the way he knows he’ll need to. But Hux wants desperately to do something, anything, and he wants it to work. If the fake—but all too deadly—battle weren’t still raging around them, he might be able to get the other boy to the mobile surgical unit in time. But there’s no chance they can get out of here without them both being killed along the way, even with the orders not to target medevacs. He tries to pretend that Seachnall was accidentally hit four times in the abdomen in a short period of time—from slightly different angles, meaning different shooters in close proximity to one another. Sure they weren’t aiming together. Hux is still young, but he knows how the galaxy works. Worse, he knows how people work. “Hey, Declan.” Seachnall smiles up at him. “Hey yourself.” “Prognosis?” Wounded and drugged as he is, he can still read Hux’s face. “Fuck.” “Yeah. How are you feeling?” “Like I’m dying. The pain’s better, though. Thank you." He smiles and Hux is fairly certain it’s the saddest thing he’s seen in his life. “Hold me?” he suggests. Tears are running down Hux’s face as he takes Seachnall in his arms like he’s been aching to since he arrived. He supposes it doesn’t matter if he moves him now. “Talk to me, Declan.” Hux kisses Seachnall’s hair and murmurs anything and everything that comes to mind. “We’re leaving. We’ll disappear. I don’t know what we’ll do, but it sure as shit isn’t this. I’ll go to med school. You can go into engineering. Design bridges or some other fucking thing. We’ll be ordinary. I don’t care. Because I love you so fucking much.” Seachnall coughs, bringing up a stream of bright blood. He’s still beautiful. Hux reaches a hand over and wipes Seachnall’s lips off as best he can. Then he leans down and kisses him. Seachnall puts a weak hand on Hux’s shoulder, trying to push him off in case he coughs more blood into his mouth. “Declan.” “Yes?” “I’m cold.” He shudders against Hux despite the suns beating down on them. “Glad you’re here. Love you.” He doesn’t say anything after that. He continues to shake, then he stills. His body has given up on trying to keep him warm. Then, piece by piece, it gives up on everything else. Hux gives up too. Eventually the exercise is over. He calls in an ambulance to remove Seachnall’s body, and he accompanies it because there’s nowhere else to go. He doesn’t leave the Academy or the Order; there’s no reason to now. No one worth being ordinary for. He rides out the rest of the semester to prove he can, then drops the surgery track. He switches into the standard officer program, just like his father always expected. There are openings after the live fire exercise—there always are. He’s nineteen. Notes: Warnings: Accidental self-harm and allusion to past badness. Graphic description of traumatic injury and combat medicine. Note on naming: I have a thing for traditional Irish names, so hopefully you can put up with that. Chapter 6 : Sparring Sessions As usual, Hux rose from his migraine stupor entirely refreshed. It was an odd aftereffect from three hours spent prostrated on his bed in the silent dark, but he wasn’t complaining. He stood up and reached for his datapad to do some engineering research. But he found he had an overabundance of energy that rendered him too restless to focus on reading. And he shouldn’t work out right now because the medication he’d taken lowered his blood pressure and he hadn’t eaten since lunch. If he exercised in this state he’d have a greater than even chance of passing out. His thoughts turned to the man he was planning on working out with next week. The curly hair and the determined, rather cross expression he often wore when he thought no one was looking. The ways Hux could think of to wipe that look right off his face. Well, that was something he could do with his overabundance of energy. He didn’t usually enjoy taking care of himself—he did it because it was better than remaining distracted when there were no other options available, but it wasn’t an activity he looked forward to anymore. After twenty years of masturbation and dozens of partners, he’d take the latter at any given moment. Alone, he had nothing to learn or teach. There was no power play, no one to control but himself, and he’d mastered that particular lesson over a decade ago. But now… This might be the farthest he’d get with Meridan Noro. He hadn’t allowed himself even this much yet—he had a rule about not fantasizing about men who might be straight. Having gone down that road before, knowing it didn’t end well for either party, he was determined to avoid it at all costs. But now he knew that Meridan was gay, and had known it since he was a teenager. The boy had suffered for it; he was estranged from his father because of it. And he’d told Hux that much. As far as the general was concerned, that gave him the go ahead to wank off to the thought of him. So he settled into his lounge chair, kicked a foot up onto the divan, and slid a hand into his pajama pants. Without even trying, he pictured Meridan vividly, in uniform, down on hands and knees in front of him. It was a good start; Hux was already half-hard at that image. And in his head, he didn’t need to ask Meridan permission for anything, because the ensign already wanted everything he did. That was a pleasant element of fantasies—there was no need for explicit consent or safewords. Hux had learned their value the wrong way, but he still enjoyed imagining scenarios in which they were unnecessary. In Hux’s head, Meridan wanted to be choked, and the general was happy to oblige—with his cock. A hand tugging on dark curls, pulling the ensign in as close as possible. All the way down to the hilt. Quiet gulping noises. Meridan’s tongue and throat working in enthusiastic unison, saliva running down Hux’s balls to drip onto the floor. The redhead let his hand go—and Meridan remained right where he was. The young officer was testing himself, seeing how long he could keep Hux down his throat before he had to pull off for a breath. And he was loving this nearly as much as Hux was. The general recognized that he was probably transferring Birtrem’s skills to his current interest, and reminded himself that if things ever got this far, he couldn’t expect this level of ability from the new ensign. And sure, he could switch to imagining fucking his inferior officer in handcuffs, but the blowjob fantasy was working so very well… His breath caught in his throat. “Uh, gods, you filthy fucking whore,” he moaned into the empty room. “Take it all. Take everything I have for you.” He tilted his hips into his hand repeatedly as he climaxed, catching his come in the other palm. Then he painstakingly began licking his hand clean, imagining the ejaculate was Meridan’s after he’d rewarded the man for sucking him off like the good slut he was. “This is a private training room, Ensign. I think it would be helpful if we were to drop all formalities here. No ‘sirs’, no titles, no pulled punches. Agreed?” Meridan nodded. “Agreed.” Hux dropped his duffel to the bench and undid his belt and tunic. Meridan took that moment to turn in order to focus on changing his own clothes. Damn, I didn’t account for sharing the locker room. He paid attention to swapping his own uniform for the standard-issue athletic gear he’d brought, trying not to think about Hux changing trousers on the other side of the bench. Once he turned around, all his calming techniques failed him. Hux was standing in black sweatpants and undershirt, identity tags tapping lightly against his pale chest. He brushed a few fingers through his hair. Meridan swallowed. Shit. Is this what he looks like in his quarters, at the end of the day? He looks much younger out of uniform. “Let’s get going, Meridan.” Fuck. We go from full-on formality to first name basis in ten minutes. He paused to think and realized he didn’t know the general’s given name. Hux had him on the mat in under four minutes. “Yield.” Meridan sighed heavily and tried to ignore the general’s breath on his neck. “I yield.” “You have youth and recent training on your side, Meridan. We should be more evenly matched. You just need to control yourself.” “I’m fucking trying, Hux.” Hux patted his head indulgently. “That’s cute.” Meridan found the gesture obnoxious. “If anything, you’re making me angrier.” “Cope.” Hux sat up but kept his legs tightly wrapped around the ensign’s waist. “Now get me off.” Meridan managed to think two things at once: 1) What? and 2) Yes. “Sorry?” Hux coughed, a blush beginning to work its way up his neck. “Push me off of you,” he clarified. Meridan tried; he really did. It didn’t work. After their first session ended, Meridan thanked the general and returned to his quarters immediately. He didn’t think he could handle the locker room again, especially with its shared showering facilities. Sweaty and tired, he was pretty certain that he wouldn’t be able to keep his eyes off Hux’s bare chest—or anything else. In the fresher, he decided to use a portion of his water ration, figuring the hot water would reduce muscle pain the next day. While the stiffness dissipated from his body, he found himself replaying the match he’d just lost. He could now pinpoint several moments where he might have gained the upper hand if he’d been paying more attention to Hux’s movements instead of striking out more or less blindly against his opponent. But he kept returning to the flush that had crept onto the general’s cheeks after his awkwardly phrased command. Had that simply been embarrassment? Or something more? Meridan chose to imagine it meant something, at least while he was showering. As the rest of his body relaxed, his dick gave an involuntary twitch. He brought his hand down and stroked himself to hardness. With the limits on water consumption for junior officers, he didn’t have the luxury of wasting time and resources with self-restraint. So he focused on the prominent cheekbones, red hair against pale skin, haughty green-blue eyes, patronizing vocal patterns… His thoughts turned to the way Hux had put his hands on him with skillful violence. He’d never had a partner take control the way he imagined the general would. After all his years of physical training, late hours studying, and punishing drive, he longed to get lost in sex. Not a relationship—Maker knew he wasn’t ready for that. Just pure, feral lust. He wasn’t sure if he was imagining desire underneath the flash of power in Hux’s eyes, but he thought he’d seen something there. His breaths came in shallow pants and he leaned against the wall, using his free arm to brace himself. “Fuck, sir ,” he whispered as the water washed his release down the drain. “Get me off,” Hux repeated in a mutter to himself as he blasted himself with the sonic refresher. “Idiot.” Could he have been any more obvious? Surely the ensign had seen the heat in his face—he was well aware that his skin was more or less transparent. Heritage and over a decade spent out of the sun had conspired to keep his skin just this side of pallid. This fact had been made clear every time he’d donated blood, as phlebotomists invariably remarked on his “beautiful and accessible” veins. Which was probably the creepiest compliment he’d ever receive. But what did it matter if Noro had noticed? Didn’t that open up the potential for a conversation? The general rolled his eyes and sighed to himself. He didn’t want a conversation. What he wanted was to hold Noro against the wall, arms above his head, and give him two options. One: Decline, walk away, and not fear any retaliation. And as for the second… Well, there were plenty of ways he could phrase Option Two. —Let me take control. I’ll give you what you deserve. —On your knees. Open that pretty mouth of yours and impress me with it. —Hands against the wall. Trousers down. Legs spread. Take it like the good boy I know you are. There were so many things he wanted to do to Meridan, he knew that if the young man agreed, he’d have difficulty selecting the order of activities. But for the time being, that was the least of his worries. He was going to need to do something soon, because he couldn’t continue like this indefinitely. The more time he spent casually with Noro, the more he was thinking of the ensign as Meridan. It would end up compromising both his focus and his authority—and if he weren’t getting anything out of it in return, the situation would quickly become untenable. Chapter 7 : Down on It “You’re not concentrating,” Hux criticized after landing a vicious blow to Meridan’s solar plexus. The ensign glared at him and breathlessly shot back, “Yes I am.” “Shut up and manage to hit me, then.” Meridan threw a left hook at the grinning redhead, who easily took hold of the arm and used his own momentum to swing him to the mat before letting go. “Stop broadcasting your punches! People in the canteen know you’re trying to hit me. And failing miserably.” “You’re just trying to piss me off.” Meridan was up again before Hux could keep him down. At least he was able to rebound quickly. “Oh, you’re only realizing that now?” And then Meridan finally understood. He had to focus, had to calm down, no matter what Hux was saying. His breaths deepened and slowed. He watched Hux closely but didn’t try to land any more hits for the time being. Hux danced in for a right hook and Meridan took the opportunity to kick his ankle out from under him. Hux fell to the mat, his breath temporarily punched out of his lungs by the unexpected fall. “There, finally. Yield.” Meridan stretched his hand out, offering Hux leverage up. But Hux hadn’t yielded, so he simply spun his legs out and Meridan fell on top of him. “Asshole,” the ensign muttered. Hux rolled over and pinned Meridan to the mat. He was grinning obnoxiously in exultation. “I believe you ought to yield now.” “No,” he spat, still trying to force his way back on top, knowing he wasn't going to succeed but not yet prepared to give up. “ Yield .” Hux’s fists held the young officer’s hands against the mat above his head. “I yield,” Meridan finally allowed. “But I’m learning.” “Yes, you’re learning, but I still won.” “There’s a reason you’re the general and I’m just an ensign.” Meridan tried to rise, but Hux kept him pinned. “I believe I yielded to you,” he said rather pointedly. The general was smiling widely now; it wasn’t a particularly nice expression, but it was doing things to Meridan. As he struggled, he began to appreciate the feeling of Hux’s body against him. Lithe, warm, but still breathing evenly. What would sex with him be like? Controlling, probably. Energetic, obviously. “Fight back.” “It’s hard to do much of anything when you’re holding me down like this.” “Then just keep on struggling lamely. It amuses me.” Hux placed his right hand across Meridan’s windpipe and squeezed just enough to make him stop kicking. Hux’s breath blew hotly on his neck. Meridan moved his one free hand to Hux’s bare shoulder, intending to push against him—but instead the touch just rested there, his fingers instinctively curling around the muscle. He didn’t think he could move much without becoming obviously hard… and sharing that information with his sparring partner. “You’re making it very difficult for me to focus,” he stated plainly. “Am I?” Hux asked, sounding distant and unconcerned. Then he pressed his pelvis down against his opponent’s. Meridan had been too preoccupied with his own semi-erection to consider that Hux might be similarly afflicted. “You too?” he managed by way of comment. The combined heat between their legs was seeping into his central nervous system and short-circuiting his brain. The redhead nodded slowly. “Every time I touch you.” Hux pressed his lips against Meridan’s neck for a moment before he opened his mouth and bit down. Meridan yelped. “And I’m not sure I want to stop touching you.” “Then don’t,” he gasped as Hux held his chin up and sucked the sweat off his collarbone. “Please don’t.” He hooked an ankle around one of the general’s legs, just in case the man was thinking about letting up. Hux caught his lips in a kiss and worked his tongue between them. His grip around Meridan’s wrist moved to his hand and their fingers interlaced. “As much as I’d like to, we can’t do much more of this here.” Not for reasons of propriety, though. Because I’m getting older and sex on the floor would be murder on my back. And knees. And neck. “Where, then? Tell me and I’ll go.” Hux’s smile was victorious. “Wash up, put on some fresh clothes, and come to my quarters in one hour. You know where they are? Good. I’ll be awaiting your arrival.” Considering it now, standing in the refresher unit, he was probably about to make the stupidest move of his professional career. Four short months into his first posting, here he was, getting ready to be fucked by the single most powerful man in the entire military hierarchy. What if I disappoint him? Well, then, don’t disappoint him , he answered himself. Problem averted: simple as that. He pulled a clean uniform on because he didn’t have anything else to wear. He wasn’t going to show up in another set of workout attire. He checked his hair in the mirror and sighed. It never behaved properly right after a shower; it was too fluffy and curly. He looked about eighteen. Hopefully Hux wouldn’t mind. Giving his reflection a resigned shrug, he headed out. If he were to be seen entering Hux’s quarters at this hour, would word get around? Almost certainly. How difficult would that make things for him? Meridan almost stopped in the hallway to reconsider. Then he recalled the flash of Hux’s eyes as he’d been held against the floor, and the ensign hurried along his way as quickly as professionalism would allow. He pressed the buzzer but didn’t hear its chime because his heartbeat was too busy thudding in his ears. The door slid open, and there he was. Hux, back in uniform, looking for all the world like he’d never been flushed or out of breath in his life. “Come in,” he invited. “Have a seat.” He motioned to the couch. “Would you care for a drink?” “Please. Whatever you’re having.” “Corellian brandy. Not the best vintage, but it’ll suffice.” Hux poured another glass and handed it over. He watched as Meridan took a sip. “How old are you?” “Twenty-two.” He briefly wondered how old Hux was. It was hard to guess—he looked anywhere between his mid-twenties or late-thirties, but considering his rank and achievements, he was probably on the higher end of that range. Meridan had never been with someone significantly older than himself, and he tried to imagine what that age difference would mean. “The brandy is nineteen. Could be a sibling of yours.” He took a swig from his own glass and set it down with a quiet clink. “Alright, before anything more happens, I have to give you the spiel.” “About?” “Regulations.” Meridan let out a quiet chuckle with a roll of his eyes. “I know, I know. But I’m your superior officer, you’re directly under my command, and we really shouldn’t become involved.” “And yet—?” “And yet, I’m discovering that I personally don’t give a shit about certain regulations, especially where they concern you. However, there’s still an undeniable power differential in play. I want you to know that you may back out at any time and I will not retaliate.” “I don’t want to back out, sir. I’m here for a reason.” “Please, it’s Hux. When we’re alone. And drinking. And planning on… amusing each other. Tell me, Meridan, how experienced are you?” “Sexually, you mean?” Hux nodded. “I’ve had nine partners.” The general leaned over to brush a stray curl out of the young officer’s face. “How many have… I don’t want to use crude language here… Penetrated you?” “Seven.” Meridan guessed Hux’s question was an attempt to find out whether he tended to top or bottom. He’d already figured the general for a top, but one could never tell for sure. Not until you shared a bed. Or backseat, or floor. “Who was the last?” Meridan laughed humorlessly. “A friend from the Academy. Not gay. He just kept coming to me when he was confused and upset. We never… not until the very last night, when we were about to ship out. I had my mouth on him when he asked to fuck me.” “And then you never saw or heard from him again.” “That’s correct.” “But he wasn’t gay.” Hux swirled the liquid around the bottom of his glass, looking down through it to the floor. “Oh, don’t straight men just make the most exasperating partners. Especially when they’re your friends. That unwitting combination of compliment and insult. ‘Only for you, you’re the only man I’d ever be with… I just need to get off, you understand. And you know what to do.’” He shook his head, dismissing a memory. “Someone used you once.” “It’s been a while. Not since my own Academy years.” “At Arkanis.” “Yes. I’m sorry. This conversation took a sad turn very quickly.” “Then let’s not talk at all,” Meridan suggested. At the invitation, Hux leaned over and planted a soft kiss on Meridan’s lips. The ensign sighed, opened his mouth, and let the general in. Hux gently pressed him back against the armrest, searching his mouth with his tongue. Meridan wrapped his arms around Hux’s waist, rubbing his back, folding him closer. Then Hux’s fingers were on his belt, unbuckling it and slipping it off. He rolled it up and placed it neatly on the side table before his hands returned for the clasps on Meridan’s tunic. Suspenders pulled down, the undershirt lifted over his head. Hux took a moment to appraise the younger man’s bare chest and brush his knuckles across the nipples before wrapping his arms around his waist and moving him onto his lap. He gripped the chain that held Meridan’s identity tags to make sure he had the ensign’s full attention. “Now. Please me,” he whispered into Meridan’s ear before giving the lobe a quick nip with his teeth. “Yes, General.” Definitely a top. No surprises there. Meridan cupped a hand against Hux’s crotch, gauging his size under the trousers. Substantial but not intimidating. He ran kisses across Hux’s pale throat. “Shall I suck you off, sir?” Despite their earlier conversation, Meridan found himself returning to Hux's title and honorifics. But there was something more to it than pure regulations now; it spoke of a promise to submit, to behave and perform as desired. Hux nodded in quick assent. “Yes. See that you do.” Meridan slid to the floor, his hands on the general’s belt now. He followed his superior’s lead and set it beside his own on the table. Hux removed his own tunic and undershirt. Quickly and gracefully, Meridan opened Hux’s trousers and slid down his briefs. Hux’s cock sprang out and bounced once against his stomach. Meridan smiled to himself as he ran his index finger up and down the general’s length, then opened his lips and took him in. Hux arched his back reflexively as his cock slid inside Meridan’s mouth. “Good boy,” he rasped, sounding authoritative but pleased. “Ah, yes. That's it, you sweet thing.” The ensign sighed, a private noise of appreciation. Hux tasted like a shower after a workout, clean but still warm and a touch salty. As he sucked in his cheeks, he listened to the quiet noises Hux was making, the almost inaudible gasps, and knew he was off to a good start. Then he dipped and bobbed his head, adjusting his angle, and brought his lips flush against Hux’s skin. The general made a louder, wordless noise, then laid a hand on top of Mer’s head and just rested it there, feeling it rise and fall with the ensign’s gulping mouth. Hux refrained from thrusting his hips or pulling the man’s face down—he let Meridan set the pace and surrendered to it. There’d be plenty of time for control later, so he just enjoyed what was happening. He certainly hadn’t been expecting Meridan to go so far down their first time doing this. All he’d been hoping for was a halfway decent blowjob, not full-on deep-throating. There was no way Ensign Noro wasn’t having trouble breathing, but he certainly wasn’t letting it show or interfere. Hux’s jerk-off fantasy from weeks ago seemed prescient now. He imagined the other men Meridan must have brought off like this, and wondered how many of them deserved it. Very few, he guessed. As Hux’s climax steadily built, he decided not to drag things out. It felt so very right, and if he edged without explanation it might make Meridan suspect he weren’t doing this properly. There was no need to cause undue concern about his performance. Hux wouldn’t hesitate to correct missteps, but so far Noro wasn’t making any. Right now, the general wanted to spill into Meridan’s mouth, wanted to feel the man swallow it all down. The ensign must have sensed the redhead was close, so he sped up and Hux closed his eyes and began murmuring, “Meridan. Meridan,” as he came, his hips jerking involuntarily and his fist closing tightly around Noro’s curls. Meridan swallowed and returned to the couch, leaning against his commanding officer. “Thank you,” Hux sighed and brought his fingers up to trace the young man's swollen lips, then ran them through his wavy brown hair. “How would you like me to take care of you? The same?” Ensign Noro flinched and looked startled, like he was actively trying not to be upset. Hux’s wording had gone straight to the pit of his stomach, and not in a pleasant way. “No. No, just touch me, please. I want to look in your face,” he explained. It sounded reasonable although he was in fact dissimilating, fighting nausea and an immediate cold sweat. He shook off half-buried associations as Hux moved him back onto his lap, licked his palm, and reached down between them. The general brought him off quickly. It was efficient but satisfying, and Meridan was able to look Hux in the face the entire time. The redhead’s expression was solicitous instead of proud; he wanted to make sure he was pleasing Meridan. “Hux,” he breathed blissfully as he ejaculated onto the man’s hand and bare stomach, beads of come sticking to a sparse red trail. The general brought his hand up to his mouth and cleaned his fingers slowly, one at a time. Meridan watched him, his vision hazy and unfocused. He was having trouble believing this was reality. After regaining their breath, they sprawled out on the couch. Hux leaned back and Meridan laid down, bare legs draped across the general’s lap. Hux reached for the brandy and poured more for each of them. Now that they were each less desperate for immediate sex, they were better able to talk about it. “How old were you when you gave up your virginity?” Hux asked, rubbing Meridan’s calves. He’d never liked using the verb lose with virginity ; it made it sound as though one had somehow inadvertently misplaced it. Possibly between couch cushions along with loose change. “Fourteen. You?” “Fifteen. Precocious bastards, weren’t we?” “I suppose so. I told you how many partners I’ve had,” Meridan reminded him. “You want to know my total?” He watched Meridan nod. “I’m older, you know.” “By how much?” Hux glared at him. “Fine. You’re older. And a general. A really well-dressed, powerful, handsome general.” Mer ran a finger up and down Hux’s bare arm, feeling the lean musculature under the man’s pale, freckled skin. “Are you getting distracted?” “Hm. A bit, yes. But I’m also thinking of all the reasons you’re about to quote me a high number.” “I don’t keep a precise tally.” Mer let out a tiny, obvious cough at the blatant lie. The general was known for his eidetic memory. “Fine. It was eighty-five before this evening.” Meridan looked a little sad. “I suppose one more is… it’s not really…” Hux’s head snapped to look at him carefully. “Not really what , Ensign?” “Significant.” Hux’s hand darted over to Meridan’s head, grabbed a fistful of hair, and pulled him up into a sitting position. “That’s a foolish, self-pitying thought and you should not entertain it. I do not bed people on a mere whim.” He leaned over and began biting the young man’s neck mercilessly. “Everything I do, I think through. Everything has significance. That includes the marks I’m leaving right now. To remind you of this lesson.” “How many—” Meridan was having trouble with words through the bursts of pain and warmth flowing through him. He wanted to ask Hux the reflection of the question he’d answered earlier. “How many men have you fucked?” "Eighty-five.” Hux let go of his head but kept playing with his neck. All of them , the quick realization dawned on him. Every last one. “When… when will you have me?” “As soon as I have you on your knees begging for me to take you.” Meridan was grateful he was seated—he recognized the sort of words that made his aforementioned knees tremble. “And will you let me have you?” “Unlikely. Does that bother you?” The ensign smiled. “Not really. I haven’t done that much.” Translation: only with one person ever. “Besides, I wouldn’t know what to do with someone like you.” Which was true; he’d been relieved to discover that the general wanted to top him. He looked into Hux’s eyes. “But you… you can do whatever you like with me.” “Oh, I certainly intend to Ensign Noro.” Meridan paused as his mind returned to an earlier conversation. “Wait. Eighty-five out of a previous total of eighty-five?” “That’s correct.” “You fucked the straight guy? At Arkanis?” Hux grinned slyly. “Oh, yes. Multiple times.” Meridan shook his head in disbelief. “You’re good.” “Yes, that’s why they made me a general.” “Because you bugger heterosexuals?” The redhead stretched his interlaced fingers out in front of him, popping the knuckles back into place. “Among many other talents, Ensign.” Chapter 8 : Onwards & Backwards Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Meridan had just finished polishing up his dinner and was in the middle of returning his tray onto the conveyor belt when Ensign Byri literally bumped into him. “Sorry. Hey!” She looked up at him and wrinkled her nose in thought. “So what happened?” “When? Where?” Meridan glanced around, trying to determine the context of her question. He often felt like Asja Byri started their conversations before he showed up. “To your neck, you idiot.” She pointed to the marks peeking out from his collar. Feeling a flush creep its way across his face, Meridan made a small coughing noise. “Oh, well.” He lowered his voice to ensure no one else was in danger of overhearing. “Hux happened.” “I’m guessing this isn’t some new mouth-to-neck combat move I’m not yet aware of?” Meridan shook his head and gestured for her to follow him out into the corridor. Once outside, Asja spoke again. “Show me, then,” she demanded. “Open your collar up and give me a look.” As soon as he popped the fastener, she reached up to pull the fabric down and let out a low whistle at the sight. “Cor, Meridan. That’s not a hickey. He bit you. More than once.” Redoing his collar, he snapped back with, “Yes, I noticed. Since I happened to be present.” “We need a drink because I have to know everything.” “Wait. Before we go—” he protested, since Asja was already starting to drag him down the hallwaay by the wrist, “Do you have anything to cover this up?” “What, you want a scarf?” She appeared ready to explain exactly how that would break dress regulations. “No, like makeup.” He had no idea how this sort of thing worked; he’d never had anything to cover up before. Asja eyed him critically. “Yes, but not for you.” She responded to Meridan’s startled look with a quick explanation. “Our skin tones are entirely different. It would just end up drawing more attention to the area. Quit pouting and let’s go already.” They waved their passkeys at the door to the lounge to prove neither would be on duty for at least twelve hours. Meridan was informed that he was permitted two units of alcohol; Asja was allowed one. Once they were settled into a booth they started in on their bland ales in silence. Meridan rubbed absently at the raw marks on his neck. “I can’t believe he bit me above the collar.” “I can. He probably wants everyone to know you’re taken. To keep them from getting ideas.” She wriggled her fingers in the air for emphasis. “He didn’t clear it with me,” Meridan griped. “I imagine you’re going to have to play by his rules or not at all. So tell me, when exactly did he savage your neck?” “While we were in his quarters.” She rolled her eyes heavenward. “Well, I figured it wasn’t in the trash compactor. And I’m going to need plenty more details than that, Ensign Noro.” “Filthy voyeur.” “Guilty as charged,” she agreed, taking a long pull off her bottle. They’d been provided glasses but she was ignoring hers. “Well. At the end of our session, he asked me to his quarters. Actually, he was pinning me to the mat at the time. We started kissing. Then the invite came. Obviously I went.” “Obviously.” “We had a drink on his couch, but we couldn’t keep our hands off each other.” “Kids these days. Absolutely no self-restraint.” She was grinning like a maniac. “Quite.” Meridan politely refrained from mentioning that Asja Byri would surely jump the general herself if he were to express interest. “He asked me to please him.” She wondered if she was going to have to drag all the good bits of the story out of him by force. “And what did you do?” “Went down on him,” he shared matter-of-factly. Asja leaned over the table conspiratorially. “Tell me something, Meridan. Does he match?” “Match?” Meridan asked, a little lost. “You know. Here,” she pointed to the top of her head then gestured downwards to her lap, “And there?” Her eyebrows were raised for dramatic effect. He couldn’t help but smile as he answered, “Yes. Yes, he does.” She smiled cryptically, imagining the general entirely unclothed. “Did you finish him that way?” A rather proud nod. He knew he was skilled in that department, and was happy to have demonstrated the fact to Hux. “Size?” “Ideal. Enough to really feel it, but not to cause… undue difficulties.” She felt like this might be the way Hux would phrase things, formally but clearly. “So what did he do for you? The same?” “He offered.” Meridan was working on the narrative in his head, trying to excise Hux’s actual words from his memory. Since he couldn’t replay the encounter properly if he recalled Hux using the words ‘take care,’ he’d have to replace it with something else. “But I wanted to look in his face. So he used his hands.” “And the biting?” “That happened later. We were having another drink and talking. I may have annoyed him a little.” What exactly had irked the general so much? Oh, yes. I downplayed the significance of what we’d done in light of his vast experience. Meridan reflected on what exactly that experience would mean when it came to penetrative sex. Would the general be disappointed in him? Would his interests be unusual? He could imagine that Hux had developed very particular tastes over the years. “Did it hurt?” “What does it look like, Asja?” Meridan was grateful that he didn’t have to censor his sarcastic tendencies with Byri; he knew she wouldn’t take it personally. And exercising conversational restraint had always put him on edge, especially when it came to topics like this. He wasn’t used to discussing his sex life, since he’d never had anyone to share it with. The only people he would’ve been at all comfortable talking to were the men he’d gone to bed with. “Did you mind, then?” she asked quietly. “Surprisingly, no. It’s not something I thought I’d enjoy.” She sighed ruefully. “With Hux, though, I imagine I’d enjoy just about anything he wanted.” “Whore.” The way Asja stuck out her tongue reminded him of Sulli. “That’s the odd thing, though. I don’t think it’s just him. I think I might like to be... controlled by someone who wants to. It could be pleasant, not having to think for once. Being able to let go of everything except pleasing someone and receiving whatever it is he wants to give.” “And the pain?” She was worried about him allowing his past to repeat itself in a different manner, as a method of self-harm by proxy. “I can handle pain. But with him, I think it’s more about power than violence.” “I bet he’s just looking for an excuse to spank you.” He shivered a little at the thought. “That would be… different. No one’s ever…” He shook his head to clear his imagination in order to return to his beer. “What’s the closest you’ve come to that sort of thing?” His eyebrows knitted in recollection. “I suppose just someone grabbing my hair while he was in my mouth. Guiding me with his hands.” “Huh. No one’s even done that to me.” “Probably no one’s dared, since any man with half a brain would know you could break him very easily.” “So could you.” Meridan shrugged. “You’d be surprised, then. At the things that some men think you’re up for, once they see your scars.” He took a large gulp of beer and felt it hit his stomach. “Rough is alright. One time, though, I met a guy at a bar near the Academy. We ended up back at his place and everything was going well. Then I turned my back on him and before I knew it, he’d hit me with his belt.” “Shit. What did you do?” “I… lost control. I shoved him against the wall and choked him. Then I left.” He frowned, remembering the way he’d whited out with rage and terror, aware that he was screaming but not hearing his own words. “The worst part of it was the way he called out for me to come back. That he was sorry and only did it because he thought I’d like it.” Asja frowned as well. “As I understand it, the best way to find out if someone would like something is to ask first.” “Yes, but I think some of us are so ashamed of what we want that we’re afraid to say it aloud.” He was speaking from experience, thinking of all the times he’d blindly reached out for someone, desperately hoping for reciprocation. The moments he’d leaned in for a kiss without saying, I’d like to kiss you , the belt buckles he’d slid undone with no words beforehand. She let that sink in while they finished their drinks. “Seeing him again soon?” “We don’t have anything planned.” “I imagine he does. In his schedule, even. Thursday at 2100: Fuck Ensign Noro into unconsciousness.” He sighed. “I can only hope.” It didn’t take long for Hux to approach him again. Three day cycles later, Meridan was working on some theoretical battle plans—possibly to develop into training sims somewhere down the road—when he sensed more than heard someone behind his chair. He took the time to finish running a flight trajectory model before turning. It was Hux was in his greatcoat, looking like he’d been born and raised to wear it. He probably had. “Continue your work, Ensign. I’m just checking in.” Meridan returned to the console and was about to pick up where he left off when he felt Hux’s warm breath on his neck as the man leaned down and spoke in his ear. “I’d like to see you this evening. How about 2200?” Meridan simply nodded, not trusting his voice to contain his excitement. He was dealing with conflicting sensations as the hairs on the back of his neck stood up, signaling a shudder despite the heat blooming in his face and lap. “Is that a yes, Ensign Noro?” He swallowed. Damnit . “Yes, sir.” “Very good. Come to my quarters then.” The evening dragged on after that. Meridan was unable to become consumed with his project again, despite how interesting it had been only half an hour ago. He was busy running through other hypotheticals. Does Hux own a pair of handcuffs? Will he choke me again? Do I want him to? How desperately would I have to beg to get him to put his cock in me tonight? Eventually he gave up—it was 2030 anyway—and shut off the console. He headed to the mess hall for a light dinner and then back to his room for a shower. He had to get cleaned up before Hux got him all dirty again. When Meridan arrived and buzzed to announce himself, Hux let him in wordlessly. Before the door slid fully shut behind him, the general had him pinned against the wall, a fist in his hair and lips at his neck. “I’ve been looking forward to this all day,” he murmured. Meridan’s knees went weak, but thankfully Hux was holding him up with the pressure of his lean body. The man started biting into his neck again, remaking the marks that by now had mostly faded. All Meridan could do was grip Hux by the belt and hope he wouldn’t stop anytime soon. But Hux pulled back—and for a brief moment, Meridan was wild with disappointment. He wasn’t thinking clearly: all he knew was he was no longer being touched. But then he sighed in relief as the general’s hands found their way to his buckle, then the fasteners of his tunic, ever so carefully removing his uniform. Soon Meridan stood naked in front of his commanding officer. Hux was still fully clothed, missing only his cap and greatcoat. “Your body is my reward for some very dull paperwork and a meeting that made me want to claw my eyes out of my skull. So reward me.” “What would you like me to do, sir?” Hux gestured to the bedroom. “I want you to lie prone on my bed so I can get my fingers inside you. I want to see if I can make you climax just by playing with your arse.” He led the way, pulling the ensign behind him with a fast grip around one wrist. They clambered onto the bed together. As Meridan stretched out, Hux reached into a bedside drawer for a bottle of lubricant. Holding it in one hand, he moved to sit astride Meridan’s legs. His eyes raked hungrily across the body on his bed. Muscular legs, strong shoulders, perky ass. And his back— Hux did a double take. Meridan’s back was striped with old scars. He’d been whipped, repeatedly, over the course of years. The width of the marks suggested a belt. “Meridan,” Hux said, his voice low but still carefully controlled. It sounded like the beginning of a question, or a long conversation. The young officer could tell something was wrong from the way the general said his name, and he instantly knew what it was. There was no hiding from this; sooner or later the man would have found out anyway. He craned his neck to look back, and saw that Hux was hesitantly reaching his slender fingers out, about to trace one of the longer marks. “It doesn’t matter anymore,” Meridan promised, mostly to convince himself. “Please, just ignore it.” But Hux was visibly upset. “Who—? Why—?” he asked, although he already had a very good idea. “Who do you think? Baromis Noro.” Meridan more or less spat his father’s name into the pillow. Hux placed his fingers against his temples and fell back onto the bed angrily. Erection forgotten and fading, he stretched out alongside the ensign. “That bastard,” he declared, twisting a curl of Meridan’s hair around a fingertip. It would take the better part of an hour to catalogue all the raised keloids, much longer to include the flat white ones. “And as for why, well. He started after he caught me with Garrit.” “A boyfriend?” “Yes, my first.” First kiss, first love… He could go on. So many damn firsts. “What did he walk in on?” Meridan’s voice rose without him intending it to. “We were just kissing! I wouldn’t have done anything else in the house!” Even eight years later, he still sounded defensive. “I wouldn’t have dared initiate there, but… I thought we were safe.” Meridan sucked in a deep breath, recalling how guilty his boyfriend had felt afterwards for starting that dangerous kiss. “He had Garrit watch from the corner while he took care of me. That’s what he called it: taking care . He said it ought to… to fix us.” The general sucked in air and struggled to control his breaths. “Obviously his intervention worked wonders, since tonight you’re here with me. Lying naked on my bed.” He was remembering his own experience with an intervention, although having his palms slapped with a ruler didn’t hold a candle to what Ensign Noro had been through. Besides, that had only happened the once. Meridan chuckled. “Obviously.” He thought for a moment. “If it bothers you, I can lie on my back.” He was trying to find a way to salvage the evening, feeling guilty about derailing their enjoyment of each other. Parsecs and years away, Baromis Noro was still managing to get in the way of Meridan’s sex life. “It bothers me all right, but not aesthetically. You’re still beautiful.” Hux began to trace a few of the larger scars. “You look like a warrior.” Meridan snorted at that. “Hardly. All I did was hug my knees and cry. I just proved I was in fact the pathetic little bitch he said I was.” “How old were you? When it started?” “Fourteen.” “Fuck. How often?” “I’m not sure. Ten times with the belt, maybe. But that was only for special occasions. Thankfully he usually just hit me with his fists.” He laughed bitterly, knowing that wasn’t the sort of thing people were supposed to feel thankful for. “You know how a lot of kids say they’re terrified of their fathers coming home drunk? I used to pray mine would. Because he only beat me sober. When he was drunk he’d just lock himself in the study and pretend he didn’t have a son.” “How long would he—” Hux paused, taking a moment to quiet his own anger. “Beat you for?” “Until he wore himself out. He had me count the lashes, though. The first time it came to one fifty. It ranged from one hundred to two fifty, maybe more. I usually passed out around that point, and I think he’d keep going. The last belting came two days before I left for the Academy. I managed to stay conscious that time. The count came to two hundred. He wanted me to remember the lesson while I was gone. But the lesson I learned was to never go home again.” Hux reached his hand out and placed it over one of Meridan’s. He didn’t say anything else; he knew words wouldn’t help. What would he say, anyway? “I know why you’re angry” or “I had a shit time growing up, too”? Slowly, he straddled Meridan’s back at the waist and began rubbing his shoulders. He wasn’t thinking about sex anymore; he was simply offering comfort, something he’d never been given. After each insult or failed heterosexual encounter, he’d just find someone to fight or fuck—or best case scenario, both. He remembered the night of his eighteenth birthday and in retrospect it appeared quite telling. A cycle of shame, violence, and sex. Looking back on it now, he figured a shoulder rub might have been helpful. It certainly couldn’t have hurt. Meridan melted under his touch as the cool hands moved across his back. “Hux…” he gasped. “Please…” “Yes?” Hux hadn’t been considering that the young man would find this anything other than relaxing, but Meridan rolled onto his side and Hux realized how hard he was. Without a word, he turned Meridan over onto his back and placed his lips around him. He hadn’t done this yet, and the ensign cried out in relief and delight. “Sir…” he breathed, unable to find any other words. Eventually he managed, “Thank you.” Notes: Warnings: -More conversations about past abuse. -Reference to un-negotiated BDSM. In other news, I received and accepted a post-graduation job offer. So I won't be impoverished forever. Hooray! Chapter 9 : Rushing Things Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Two days later, Meridan had been invited to the general’s quarters again. He had big plans and high hopes for the evening: he intended to convince the general to fuck him properly. But he remembered Hux’s very clear directive and felt an anxious quiver build in his gut as he stood in front of the door. Meridan never really begged for anything of the sort, and wasn’t quite sure how to go about it. In the end, he decided on a forthright approach to the matter. Pinned to some very expensive sheets by the shirtless general who was busy sucking a series of fresh bruises at his throat, Meridan simply breathed, “Hux,” The name itself already sounded like a plea, but he continued. “Sir… Please…” “Please what, Ensign?” As if he had no idea what Meridan wanted from him. But Hux appreciated clarity and straightforwardness, and even more than that, he enjoyed prolonging moments like this. Moments spent balancing on the edge of getting what he wanted. “I want you inside me. And not just your fingers, either.” Hux sat back and studied him coolly, his blue-green eyes impossible to read. “Remember the rules, Noro. Not until you beg to my satisfaction.” Reflecting on his directions, Meridan slid off the bed to sink to the floor. Hux moved to the edge of the mattress and the ensign crouched between his knees, hands folded in his lap and eyes lowered humbly. “I’m desperate, sir. I want you to enjoy me. I need you so much I’m aching for it. If you want me at all, please take me.” Only then did he look up hopefully. Hux stared deliberately at his supplicant for a long moment before nodding his acceptance. “Very good. Now get off the floor and lie back down on the bed.” As Meridan complied, Hux went over to the nightstand for a bottle of lube and to remove his trousers. Then he approached the mattress. “How many fingers should I start with, I wonder?” he asked, casually passing the bottle back and forth between his hands. Meridan whimpered quietly at the thought of Hux beginning with more than one. "Oh, you don’t think you can handle it?” A smirk played across the redhead’s lips. The young man bit down hard on his lower lip to keep from saying something stupid, something that would make him sound either inexperienced or promiscuous. Instead he took his time looking at the general; this was the first time he’d seen him entirely naked. The man was built like a swimmer, trim and fit without being blatantly muscular. The low light was flattering to his pale, rather freckled and smooth skin. Hux was immaculately groomed but Meridan was inordinately pleased with the thin red happy trail running downwards from the navel. "You want me to pretend that you haven’t had seven different cocks up you? You’d like me to treat you like an awkward boy who has no idea what he’s doing? A nervous, unsullied virgin ?” Hux said the last word like it was an insult, then straddled Meridan’s chest and leaned down to whisper in his ear. His bare cock dragged delightfully against the ensign’s stomach. “Everything I give you, you will take. And you will enjoy it.” Meridan tilted his hips into Hux’s, eager for more contact and friction, but felt a grip immediately fasten around his throat. “Did I give you permission to take pleasure from me? Did you even ask ?” The ensign shook his head, admitting his guilt. “No, sir.” “Then try to refrain from rutting against me like a teenager. You are no use to me if you can’t control yourself or your urges.” “I’m sorry, sir,” the younger man whispered. “‘Sorry’ is a good start.” With that, Hux guided Meridan onto his stomach and ran a cool hand over his arse before gently resting it in the cleft. The ensign heard the crack of a bottle cap, then felt a wet fingertip circle him. He tried to relax in anticipation of the breach, but found it difficult. And there Hux was, slipping his index finger in the entire way in one smooth, confident motion. He began thrusting his hand and twisting his wrist, efficiently working the space open. This was just preparation; the general was focused on a further goal. But it was the first time Hux had been inside him at all, and Meridan was reveling in it. The middle finger entered and soon the two digits were spreading apart for a third. Meridan panted, “That’s enough, Hux. I’m ready.” The general assessed the man’s level of preparation. “I suspect you’re rushing things.” “I don’t care. I want it to hurt, at least a little. I’ve wanted this for months. Please just don’t make me wait any longer for you.” Meridan had never wanted sex to hurt before; until now, pain had been something to avoid or put up with. But for some reason it was different with Hux. He wanted to feel everything, the whole range of possible sensations this man could cause him. Something gave way in the general then, an already-weak barrier overwhelmed and flooded over. If this was what the man said he wanted, Hux wasn’t going to hold back unnecessarily. “Remember later that you asked for this,” he murmured as he removed his fingers, grabbed Meridan’s hips, and drove his cock inside, all at once. Meridan cried out, just like Hux had hoped, half in pain and half in joy. It was a perfect, pure sound. He leaned over the ensign's back and spoke quietly, directly into his ear. “Shall I fuck you now? As hard and deep as I please?” The answer came back like a growl. “Yes.” “And will you enjoy it?” “I will love it.” “Good. Move with me.” Hux pulled Meridan back by the hips and closed his eyes to relish the moment. Sex and battle were the two areas of life wherein he allowed himself a decent measure of release. And giving up any significant amount of self-control was always an adjustment for him. It was one of the reasons he had Meridan on his hands and knees—he wasn’t ready for the ensign to see the relief on his face while he thrust into him. The precision of his movements belied a depth of abandonment . As far as he knows, I’m still perfectly composed. It wouldn’t last, of course, eventually Meridan would see Hux wild with pleasure. But not yet. Not tonight. Hux pressed a palm down on the ensign’s upper back, pushing him into one of those perfect positions—shoulders flush against the mattress and his arse raised. If he angled downwards, Hux could glide against his prostate with every move. The position also had the added benefit of being somewhat degrading, although Meridan was grinding back against him enthusiastically with each thrust. Hux rewarded this by slipping his hand down to start stroking Meridan slowly but intensely. The ensign groaned in relief and Hux knew they’d both climax soon. It didn’t matter; they deserved this. Two months of circling in on each other, silently assessing interest, and finally consummating. Hux started talking. “Sweet boy. You’re so very well behaved. I will always reward you for being good.” “Thank you, Hux, sir…” Meridan moaned, unable to say anything more coherent. “Hux.” “You may come, boy.” Those permissive words alone sent Meridan over the edge, spurting through the general’s fingers and onto the sheets below them. Hux felt the ensign tighten around him in waves, and then he was riding out his own orgasm, fingertips digging into hipbones, burying his come with a prolonged shout. He didn’t care if the sound carried to the deck’s neighboring quarters; there was nothing to be ashamed of. And he was too important for there to be serious consequences. Just a few frowns and mutters of “fraternization” and he’d be quieter in the future—for a while at least. Hux pulled out slowly as he softened, not wanting to give up the contact quite yet. He stared at the pretty arse he’d just been inside before tousling Meridan’s sweaty hair rather affectionately. “Gods. If I’d known what a good lay you were, I wouldn’t have made you beg like that.” Falling back against the mattress besides the ensign, he silently kicked himself for first hesitating, then for dragging this out longer than absolutely necessary. Although he’d relished the anticipation preceding this evening, the sex was better. The general calculated that he could have been fucking Ensign Noro for the past three weeks. “I’m more than happy to beg for you, Hux.” They lay together quietly. Eventually Meridan swung his legs over the edge of the mattress. “I should clean up and get going.” Unthinkingly, Hux said one word. “Stay." Meridan froze, then turned his head. “Really?” Hux swallowed, forcing back the all too familiar reflex to push the other man away and out of his quarters. There must have been a reason the word had fallen out of his mouth, and he didn’t want to start contradicting himself. Officers and gentlemen don’t go back on their word, even if they’re not certain why they said it. “Yes, really. Go on and clean up, but stay the night. If you’d like.” But neither did he want to explain it, so he felt relief wash over him when Meridan simply nodded and went to the fresher. After he returned to the pillow beside Hux, he fell asleep quickly. Hux laid on his side for a while, watching the ensign breathe softly, looking for all the galaxy like he belonged in the general’s bed. They didn’t touch; they were close enough. How long could this possibly last? Hux’s attention deserted the report on recent seizures of cargo of unlicensed spice. It appeared that proceeds were being funneled to finance Resistance arms deals. Which was very interesting information that he was finding impossible to focus on at the moment. He let the tablet drop softly onto his lap. Sooner or later, Meridan would discover what he was like. The man had already seen glimpses—an order here, a light choke there. How long until he realized the depth of Hux’s paraphilias? How many more encounters before Hux felt the need to open his lower desk drawer and bare his collection? To ask permission to start in on his long list of hobbies? The general hadn’t worried about this in years. Usually he simply laid everything out on the table beforehand. This is what I want. Take it or leave it. It had been well over a decade since he’d sought a relationship beyond safewords and boundary negotiations. To be sure, he’d become fond of several partners in the intervening years, but that had only developed over the course of mutually satisfying play—he hadn’t started out looking for anything deeper than indulging in his multiple kinks. He suspected it was mostly Meridan’s past that had him concerned. Surely that was the reason he found himself inclined to be gentler with him. There couldn’t be anything more to it than that. He simply didn’t want to spoil what they’d begun. Then again… Meridan had demanded to be fucked before he was fully ready, at least physically speaking. He gave head like a whore. And he responded well to a hand tightening around his throat. All these were promising signs, but their compatibility might end there. He might just be desperate for approval and overeager to please those in authority . Even worse, he might need to be loved. Hux had decided long ago that he was no longer capable of that sort of thing. It was at once too ordinary and too dangerous. Notes: I know it's short, but the next bit is rather disorganized and requires some untangling before posting. If you have any comments/criticisms/suggestions, please post them! Thanks. Chapter 10 : Negotiations Hux refilled Meridan’s wine during the second course, then topped off his own glass. They were having a quiet dinner in the general's quarters, the sort of thing that more ordinary people would probably call a date. “As you may have already gathered, my sexual tastes run to the… less than typical.” He wasn’t going to say words like twisted or deviant because he’d heard them enough times from others to last him the rest if his life. He’d finished with shame long ago—or at least that’s what he told himself on good days. On bad days he still felt like a lonely pervert, a boy terrified of the galaxy discovering that he liked other boys, and the things he liked doing to them. At this plain admission, Meridan began to blush. “I’m not complaining.” “No. But I have yet to pull out all the stops with you.” The ensign choked on his current bite of noodles. He made an executive decision to do one thing at a time and leave off eating while they were on this subject. “What… else … would you like to do?” The corner of Hux’s mouth twitched enigmatically. “Plenty. But before we talk specifics, I’d like to go over some ground rules.” Meridan frowned and fiddled with his cutlery. “Can’t we just… play it by ear?” “No, we cannot.” Hux set down his fork at this declaration. “Well, in theory we could , but I won’t.” He thought but didn’t add, Especially with you. He didn’t want a pleasant evening to devolve into Meridan reliving past abuse at his own hands; it would be decisively unsexy. “I’ve learned better. So, as I said, ground rules. First and foremost, we don’t need to go any farther than we already have. As much as I relish the thought of exploring my interests with you, I’d be perfectly satisfied with things as they stand.” Perhaps not, he admitted to himself, but figured he was willing to try to make that work if it was what the other man wanted. “No, I’d like to… explore, as well. I like…” Mer looked down; he was going to have to tell this to his plate if he were going to say it at all. “I like it when you tell me what to do. When you bite me. And squeeze my neck until I can hardly breathe.” He forced himself to look up and meet Hux’s eyes. “I want to try more.” Whatever that meant. “I thought as much. Well, if we go any further down that route, we’ll need to have a safeword.” “Why?” Meridan blinked, comprehending the term but not its necessity. “Can’t I trust you?” “Safewords are all about trust, Meridan. I need to trust you to know your own limits and speak up when I come too close to them, because at some point I probably will.” He admitted this much; by now he’d learned that he had a tendency to push boundaries, both intentionally and inadvertently. Usually it went well, but other times… Well, he’d reduced a handful of grown men to broken tears and given one a panic attack. “And you need to trust me to respect your use of the safeword, if it comes to that.” “Alright. I’ll have to think of one, then.” The words and phrases that came immediately to mind—stop, too much, please no—he recognized as unsuitable for this purpose. Meridan might not know much about the topic, but he understood that a safeword ought to be something clearly out of place. He tried to imagine what it would be like to tell Hux to stop, but not mean it, and have the plea go unheeded. It made his collar feel suddenly tight and itchy. “Glad you’re on board. Next item. What are your hard limits?” The ensign raised an eyebrow and cocked his head. Hux answered his unspoken question. “Things you absolutely will not do.” “Just… Please don’t belt or punch me.” Without a comprehensive list of options from Hux, these were all he could think of. At this request, Hux silently pushed his chair back, stood up, and walked to the other end of the table. “I wouldn’t dream of it, Meridan.” He leaned down to lightly kiss the ensign’s forehead. “Anything else, I meant.” Meridan shook his head. “Nothing that comes to mind.” Just don’t fall in love with me. I can’t do that again. But he didn’t imagine the general was in danger of doing anything of the sort. “Promise that you’ll tell me if we need to add anything to that list.” After Meridan nodded, Hux said, “Finish up your dinner and I’ll show you something. As an illustration of my interests.” Ensign Noro scarfed down a few more forkfuls before decisively pushing his plate toward the center of the table. “Huh,” he reflected in mock-surprise. “Would you look at that: I seem to be done.” Taking Meridan by the hand, Hux lead him to the desk in the bedroom. “Open the bottom drawer, if you’d be so kind.” The general had thought this through before Meridan's arrival and taken the time to remove the more intimidating items. He was never planning on using a crop, whip, cane, or flogger on this man, and it went without saying that he’d stay the hell away from belts. That meant there was no reason for Meridan to know that Hux owned any of those items or had greatly enjoyed employing them in the past. A part of him was hurt by Meridan’s single spoken request. What kind of monster does he suspect I am, that he thought I might want to beat him knowing what I do? The rest of him was glad that the ensign had at least worked up the courage to state his limits aloud. Now he smiled while Meridan perused his collection of restraints and assorted other toys—blindfolds, collars and leashes, gags, rope, beads, plugs... The ensign turned around, holding Hux’s military police issue handcuffs in the air. “So you do have a pair of these.” His eyes were wide and his lips stayed slightly parted after he finished speaking. “You were wondering about that.” Hux swallowed back his excitement at the realization that Noro had already been thinking along these lines. He’d piqued some curiosity already. Meridan nodded slightly. “Where’s the key?” “That would be telling.” The redhead smiled enigmatically; the key was already in his pocket. In case Meridan hadn’t been able to choose, Hux had figured handcuffs as a good starting point. They provided a sense of restraint without being overly restrictive. Just a taste of where things could end up. “Alright. It seems you’d like to tie me up. And down. What would you do to me then?” “Anything I pleased.” Hux knelt on the floor beside Meridan and put a gentle hand in his hair. There was something about the young man’s dark curls that made his fingers ache to run through them, twirling and tugging. Pulling and caressing. “I could kiss you for an eternity.” He placed his lips on the ensign’s neck and sucked at it lightly, listening to the barely perceptible sighs he caused. “I could tickle you until you cried. Finger you until you begged uselessly for me to take you. Or…” His lips hovered by Meridan’s ear, “I could simply ignore you.” He envisioned roping the man to his bedposts, working him open, sliding a plug deep inside him... and proceeding to read reconnaissance reports for an hour before touching him again. Having the power to make someone wait excitedly for him to do whatever he wanted made Hux feel more than a little drunk. It was better than alcohol. Mer shuddered at these options. He wanted to grab Hux by the hips and pull the general on top of him, but he kept his hands in his lap. “Yes. I want that. I want to grant you control. You can decide what to do with it.” Hux took the handcuffs, then stood up and waved them slowly in front of Meridan’s face. “Good boy. Now tell me your word and we can get started.” “ Jawas .” The general’s brow wrinkled and he couldn’t help but laugh. “ That would definitely ruin the mood all by itself. But if you say it, I’ll stop whatever I’m doing and release you from any restraints immediately. I’ll also periodically check in on you, especially if I’m concerned about how you’re holding up.” “You’re making this sound like a hazardous undertaking.” “I’m trying to ensure that it’s as mutually satisfying as possible. Now, are you ready to learn how I like to be serviced?” Meridan nodded. Hux stood first before helping the other man onto his own feet. The general’s back straightened as he donned his gloves, his entire body language becoming entirely serious as he looked the ensign up and down appraisingly. The young officer was reminded of muster on his first day aboard, but then the general broke the comparison by ordering, “Get out of your clothes as quickly as you can and fold them on the desk chair. And tidily .” He watched the man’s struggle between haste and composure, making sure his own face didn’t betray a hint of the amusement he felt. Once Meridan was standing nude in front of him at parade rest, Hux withdrew a tiny key from an inner coat pocket. Using it to open the handcuffs, he pulled Meridan’s arms behind his back and fastened them at the wrists. Then he took a fistful of the ensign’s hair and gazed into his dark eyes. “You will ask my permission before you come. If you please me sufficiently, I will grant it. Eventually. Understood?” “Yes.” Meridan’s mouth had gone dry. Hux’s grip on his hair tightened as he pulled his head to the side. “Yes, what?” he asked coolly, breath gusting against Meridan’s bare neck. “Yes, sir .” “Good. Now, get down on your knees, pretty boy.” His hand dropped to the flies of his trousers. “Open that filthy mouth of yours and amuse me with it.” “Yes, sir.” Hux let him suck for a little while, chasing his cock eagerly when it slipped out from between his lips. It was apparent that Meridan wasn’t used to giving head without the use of his hands. Once fully hard, Hux held him out at arms’ length by the shoulders. “This will be a little different, now,” he explained quietly. “I’m going to take over. Do you trust me to gauge when you need to breathe?” “I do, sir.” After Hux put a hand on the back of his head and started guiding him, Meridan wasn’t able to say anything else. The only noises he could make were hums and the quiet smacking of his lips. Without the use of his arms or hands to steady himself, he was entirely at Hux’s mercy—or lack thereof—as the general held him down. Just when he thought he wouldn’t be able to take any more without fainting from want of air, Hux pulled his head back. A glistening string of saliva connected his bottom lip to the tip of the general’s member as he gasped desperately, shoulders heaving. Meridan had never produced this much drool in his life, and it caused a self-conscious pang to run through him. Hux noticed the ensign’s blush, and commented on it. “Don’t concern yourself with the mess. The housekeeping droids certainly don’t mind.” He purposefully didn’t mention how much he appreciated the way Noro looked like a debauched whore at the moment, like a beautiful young man willing to do anything to please a cock. The redhead was grateful it happened to be his. “Ready for more?” The ensign nodded, and licked his lips hungrily. “Well, then. Let me get all the way inside your throat and give it a good hard fuck. See if I can’t make you gag on me.” Mer had deep-throated dicks before—including Hux’s—so he figured he wasn’t in much danger of choking. But all those times the activity had been on his own terms, and soon he was in fact making gagging noises as Hux thrust into him at a pace he wasn’t prepared for. He coughed involuntarily, expelling saliva onto the floor and immediately feeling sorry for it. So he looked up into Hux’s eyes to apologize, his wet lips once again flush with the red stubble of the general’s pelvis. “Don’t fret, Mer. That felt incredible. Extra lubrication. Just… keep taking it like a good boy.” The redhead tilted his own head back and let out a guttural moan as he started rocking his hips in time with the motion of his hands on the man’s head. “Gods… your mouth… is so hot… so wet… You’re such a good boy.” Meridan was painfully hard now that Hux was vocalizing his enjoyment and praising him. Right now was precisely when he’d want to start touching himself, but of course he couldn’t. Everything was up to Hux; the only thing Meridan could possibly do was stop it—but the thought didn’t cross his mind. Soon the general pulled him off and held him out at arm’s length as he took several deep breaths to compose himself somewhat. He tilted Meridan’s chin upwards with one hand and looked into his eyes. “Well, Ensign Noro. This is what I can be like. So tell me, what is your status?” Meridan was also attempting to catch his breath. “I’m fine, sir. Happy to be of service.” His voice was hoarse; would his throat be sore tomorrow? “Perfect.” Hux removed a handkerchief from a pocket and used it to wipe off Meridan’s face before dabbing at his sopping wet cock and balls. “Now get up on the bed and kneel there.” Hux kept his gloves on even while he poured lubricant into one cupped palm. Meridan glanced back, curious. “No secrets back here, Ensign. I’m going to fuck you. Just as soon as I…” he trailed off and slipped an oiled, leather-clad fingertip inside. Meridan moaned. “You like that? It’s thicker and rougher this way, I imagine.” “Yes, I like it, sir,” Mer panted while Hux shoved the entire finger inside. “Oh fuck , do I like it.” “You also like that I’m still in uniform,” the general observed as he began working the man open, holding him in place with his other hand on the linking chain of the handcuffs. “You’ll see me like this on the bridge tomorrow and remember what I’m doing right now. You’ll probably get hard. And I’ll pretend that there’s nothing between us. That I just used you…” Another finger. “And then discarded you. That I came in you like a condom and threw you away with as much consideration.” He watched Meridan push back onto his hand, eager for more. “Hm. Do you think you’re about ready for me?” “Yes, sir. I’m ready to be used.” Hux slid his fingers out and lined up his dick. “Don’t worry,” he murmured as he eased in, centimeter by painstaking centimeter. “I’ll remember. How good you were. How hot and close you felt around me. The way I took you and took you. How much I’m looking forward to doing it all over again.” His thrusts were precise but deep, each pulling a sweet little noise out of Meridan. Oh. Oh. Mm. Yes. “Would you like me to make this last tonight?” Meridan nodded enthusiastically. “Yes, General. Please.” “I’m glad. Because I’m in the mood for edging.” He cleared his throat apologetically. “I’m sorry, maybe you’re not familiar with the terminology. Do you know what edging is?” “No, sir. But I think I’d like to find out.” “It’s when one comes very close to climax, and stays there, teetering on the edge, for as long as it’s possible to stand it.” The ensign made an appreciative noise. “Yes, it’s exquisite. Almost torture, almost bliss. And I’d like you to be right there with me.” “Maker, yes. If… if I deserve it.” Hux couldn’t help but notice how small Meridan’s voice had become. He was concerned about his performance, his value. “Oh, you deserve it, all right.” Generally speaking, he didn’t take moments like these to heap compliments on his partner. Hux was accustomed to calling men in restraints pathetic whores , and only praising them when they brought him off. But he knew instinctively that Meridan required a different touch. Apparently he needed to be told in explicit detail that he was worth having. Hux wondered precisely how much damage Baromis Noro had done to him, or if there were more to it than the abuse. Had things with Garrit ended poorly? “You’ve such a lovely mouth. You know how to move with me. And your sweet arse… fuck, Mer, I could spend hours inside you. Which I intend to do, over and over again.” He gripped Meridan’s hip with one hand and used the other to pull him by the cuffs, rocking his ass back and forth onto him. “So beautiful. Thank you for this.” He reached over to begin stroking Meridan off. “I want you good and hard for me. As hard as you make me. Can you feel it? What your mouth and arse have done to me?” “You know I can. Ah, fuck !” The combination of the hand around him, the balls slapping his perineum, and the swollen cockhead pressing against his prostate was making him giddy. “Getting close, Ensign?” “Yes, sir.” “Don’t come yet.” Meridan gave a tiny whine and Hux couldn’t help but slap his ass sharply. “Stop complaining. You can take it.” He glanced at the bedside chrono. “For fifteen minutes more.” To be honest, he wanted to go longer—at least half an hour—but this was new for his partner and he didn’t want to take it too far their first go-around. There would be plenty of time to train the young man. Hux had so many lessons planned. Meridan wailed in protest. “Sir… I’ll go mad.” “That’s the plan. Think about where you want my load, once I finally let go. In the meantime, listen to me fucking you.” Hux slowed his pace to postpone the inevitable. Fifteen more minutes would be trying for him as well, considering the desperate sounds Meridan was making with each snap of his hips. So he stilled entirely and brought a hand to the young officer’s head. His hair only got curlier as he started to sweat. Hux pulled Meridan upright and held him in one arm as he appreciated the heat radiating from him. “Such a good boy,” the general purred into his ear. “I’m going to have so much fun with you. Tying you up. Holding you down. Teasing you mercilessly. Making you come so hard for me…” The ensign melted against him and the talk of impending orgasms. “Please, sir… How much longer?” Hux turned his head to check. Usually he was very good at sensing the passage of time, but that skill faded during sex as other details took precedence. “Seven minutes. Have you decided where you want it?” He kissed Meridan’s neck softly. “Everywhere.” “Not really feasible,” Hux admitted apologetically. Meridan turned to the side to swipe Hux’s lips with his own for a brief moment. “On my face? If you please, that is, sir.” “You dirty thing. Alright. Not much longer now.” He pushed Meridan’s chest down onto the mattress, one hand gripping the cuffs and the other keeping his hips precisely where he wanted them. He went hard and fast for the last few moments, driving himself right up to the brink while the ensign under him moaned with absolutely no restraint. Finally, he pulled out and turned the man around to face him. Holding Meridan’s chin up with a single finger, Hux instructed him, “Lick my hand first. Then keep your mouth open.” He wasn’t sure how well he’d be able to aim, but he knew he wanted the ensign to get a good taste. “Fuck, I can't get over how damn pretty you are,” he panted as he worked a wet fist up and down himself furiously, no longer holding back. “Are you ready for it, pretty boy?” “Yes, sir,” Meridan nodded enthusiastically. “Give me everything you’ve got.” That encouraging plea and the hungry look in his dark eyes had the redhead moaning blissfully as he emptied himself. Hux watched his release decorate the man kneeling between his legs, spurting onto his chin, cheeks, lips—and yes, some into his welcoming mouth. He ran the head around Meridan’s lips to clean off what remained on it, and to eke out a final moment of oral stimulation. Once he was no longer dizzy, he pushed Meridan back down onto the pillows and kissed him roughly. His lips and tongue drifted across the ensign’s face as he began to lick up the mess he’d made there. When he was satisfied with his tidying, he removed the key from around his neck and released Meridan from the handcuffs. Massaging the man’s freed wrists, he pinned him back against the mattress and growled into his ear, “Now I want to taste yours.” When Hux did more than promised and took Meridan’s dick all the way down, the ensign entirely lost his capacity for words. He just stared helplessly down at the blur of red hair bobbing up and down between his legs and groaned. Eventually he was able to put together a few coherent sounds. “May I, sir? Please?” Hux simply caught his eyes and nodded. Hux brushed his lips softly against Meridan’s. “Thank you very much. How do you feel?” “Drained. Sore.” He paused before adding, truthfully, “Happy.” Coming in Hux’s mouth had felt like such a reward, and the general seemed to have enjoyed it as well. Was that from the power of bestowing pleasure, the act itself, or a combination thereof? “Was there anything you didn’t particularly like?” Meridan bit his lip in thought. “Well, I would have liked to have seen your face more. It felt a little anonymous.” He quickly added, “Not that it was a bad thing.” Meridan wanted to make it clear that he’d enjoyed the evening. Anonymous-feeling sex with Hux was still a far cry from actual anonymity, because he could turn his head and remind himself exactly who was taking him. The redhead nodded. “Next time I’ll have you facing me. Perhaps on your back with your legs over my shoulders. Because I do so enjoy the look in your eyes when I bring you off.” “Although I did like the way you used the cuffs to move me around.” He’d been surprised by how much he’d appreciated being shifted like a piece of furniture. If people used furniture for sexual gratification, that was. “Oh yes? We can certainly do more of that sort of thing. To be perfectly honest, I’d like to rope your limbs to the bedposts and see how long I can pound you into the mattress. Arse-fuck you into oblivion. Make you forget everything you know.” “Maker, Hux,” the ensign breathed, wondering exactly how many minutes Hux could last. At least thirty, probably much longer. What would it feel like after an hour? Would there be any pleasure left for himself, or would he just be resigned to making Hux feel good? He wanted to ask, but even more, he wanted to find out first-hand. “Is that a good ‘Maker’ or a bad one?” “It’s a my-brain-wants-to-give-me-another-boner-but-my-cock-simply-can’t Maker.” The general grinned at that response. “We’re going to have so much fun together. Now get some sleep. I’m sure you’re exhausted from being such a good boy.” Hux was certainly worn out from being a sadistic bastard, although he knew he wouldn’t sleep for some time yet. He reached for his datapad as the young man settled into bed beside him. “Set your alarm a bit early tomorrow,” Meridan suggested, giving him a quick peck on a pale shoulder. “Oh, so you think you’re up for something in the morning?” Hux asked, wrapping an arm around Meridan’s waist. “With what sort of filthy activity would you like to start your day?” The ensign nodded. “Surprise me.” Meridan fell asleep against Hux, and the general pretended to read engineering articles as he spent the next hour planning how exactly to wake him up. Hux woke well before the alarm sounded, so he shut it off. After washing up but before donning his uniform, he headed to his desk before returning to the bedroom. “Wake up, pet,” he murmured with a warm kiss to Meridan’s cheekbone. “Hmm?” Mer asked groggily. “Sit up. I have something for you.” The ensign roused himself into a sitting position, scrunched a pillow behind his back, and rubbed his bleary eyes. “Wha—” “This.” Hux handed him a small box. “I suppose it’s a bit early in the day for this sort of thing, but I’d like you to try it on, if you’re amenable.” Meridan flipped the lid open and blinked down at a small leather collar. “How does it fasten? Is there a lock to keep it in place?” He watched Hux nod and he held the collar up to the light. “And what is the ring for?” “For this.” The general held a thin leash between his outstretched hands and gave it a quick demonstrative snap. “Oh hells.” Hux watched Meridan flush and thought it was just as adorable as it was arousing. “Well?” “Yes. Of course yes.” “In that case, turn around so I can put this on you.” “The leash too?” The redhead grinned at that. “How else will I parade you around?” After snapping the collar into place with a miniature padlock, Hux spoke while affixing the lead. “Of course the safeword rules still apply. However, while you’re collared, you’re nameless. I will call you Pet or Boy. When you have served me well and I remove it, I’ll give you your name back. Understood?” “Yes, sir.” “On the floor with you, then.” Hux started by walking Meridan around the perimeter of the bed, watching the muscles in his lower back and buttocks as he crawled ahead of him. Then he sat down on the edge of the mattress and rested his bare feet on Meridan’s shoulders. “We don’t have too much time. So get up here and show me your arse.” Meridan scrambled up beside Hux but wasn’t sure how to present himself. “On your hands and knees, boy.” He spat into his palm, wet his fingertips, and hooked two inside Meridan’s hole. The man immediately groaned, and Hux recognized the sound as not entirely one of enjoyment. “Are you sore from last night?” “Yes, sir.” The conflicting discomfort and pleasure had him vividly remembering how hard Hux had gone at him those last few minutes, and his dick twitched at the recollection. “I won’t edge, then.” He reached for the lubricant and properly oiled his hand. “Fuck, I want to make you so filthy.” Hux tugged on the lead to encourage Meridan into a seated position. Then the general laid down on the bed. “Get me ready with your mouth. Face my feet so I can prep you.” Without waiting for his new pet to move, he pulled the man down onto him. “ Now. ” Meridan’s lips were on Hux in an instant. The redhead tilted his hips up to fill the ensign’s mouth as his fingertips pried his ass open. Considering that Hux had woken up half-hard, he was ready to go in under a minute. He grabbed Meridan by the hair and yanked his head up. Looking into his brown eyes, Hux ordered, “Ride me.” The ensign—no, the pet— straddled Hux and briefly reflected on the fact that he was going to be on top despite the other man being entirely in control. Moments later he was sliding down onto the pulsating wet dick below him, feeling the stretch of his raw sphincter and fighting the urge to back up and off. “Nnn,” he groaned through gritted teeth at the aching intrusion. “Fuck.” “Yes, that’s right, Pet. Fuck yourself with my cock.” As Meridan began to gently rock against Hux’s pelvis, a sharp tug on his collar grabbed his attention. “We don’t have all morning, so you’ll have to ride it like you mean it.” As the moments passed and his clenched muscles began to relax again, Meridan started bouncing against Hux in earnest, clutching his shoulders with both hands. Each time he rose so that only the very tip remained inside before plunging down to slam against the general’s groin. “That’s a good boy. Work my dick like it’s all you’re good for. Up and down. Up and fucking down. Like it’s what gets you up in the morning.” For today at least, this was true. Mer watched Hux’s eyes flutter closed and knew he was nearing climax. He felt a tight grip on his ass and then let loose a guttural yell as Hux forced a finger in beside his dick. “I love stretching you out, Pet. You’re going to feel me all… fucking… day . Now touch that pretty cock of yours. I want to feel your come on me.” He watched Meridan desperately stroke himself. “Yes. No need to ask permission—I’m giving it now. Unload on me whilst I fill you up.” Still gripping the end of the lead, he brought his free hand over to squeeze Mer’s balls. “Give me everything you’ve got in here. I won’t clean up. I’ll wear it on my skin under my uniform during my shift. As evidence of how good I make you feel.” Chapter 11 : The List Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Midday on the Finalizer , Meridan was called into General Hux’s office to review the previous day’s holo-training that all the new officers had completed together. Well, completed was a kind way of putting it. Over and over, their time had run out on each sim before they could agree on a satisfactory and effective course of action. Tarique and Huula in particular seemed to have developed some bad blood between them in the past few weeks, and this resulted in each of them becoming dead-set against an idea the moment the other voiced it. Hux looked up from his screen the moment Ensign Noro entered, and waved him to the seat across from his desk. “I’ve already received a formal report from Ensign Byri, but I’d like to hear your impression of the situation.” “It could have gone better, sir,” Meridan allowed, trying to be diplomatic. “Now there’s an understatement.” He sighed in exasperation. “I don’t understand you lot. You’re no longer competing for grades or assignments. When are you going to learn to work together?” “Well… It’s a bit of a… difficult adjustment, sir.” “Apparently so. What am I going to do with you?” the general asked, returning to his datapad to skim over the report still in front of him. Meridan knew he was referring to the entire team—and rhetorically at that—but chose to speak as though it were a personal question. “Well, I can think of a few things.” He worked his lower lip between his teeth before adding, almost as an afterthought, “ Sir .” He spoke the word differently to convey something more than protocol formality. Hux looked up from the screen, startled at the suggestion. When he spoke, his tone was chiding. “We’re on duty, Ensign.” “I bet you’ll be able to forgive me for distracting you.” He wasn’t certain how the man would respond, but he had hopes. His heartrate was already speeding up at the thought of pleasing Hux in his office. The general raised an eyebrow and continued looking at him for a beat before kicking his chair back from the desk. It was the only movement he needed to make before Meridan was kneeling on the floor between his legs. “This is such a poor decision,” Hux admitted, mostly to himself. But then his flies were open and a warm hand reached inside his trousers. The redhead leaned back. “Fuck… Don’t care.” And if the ensign’s palm and fingers were warm, his mouth felt like it was nearly burning. But Hux’s body temperature ran cool around 36.5 C, so everyone else always seemed feverish. He often wished he could keep himself properly heated, but it gave him an excuse to wear his greatcoat frequently and made physical contact particularly pleasant, even comforting. Stealing warmth was one of the many ways in which he used his partners. Like now. The general was still more than a little angry and he was biting back words he was accustomed to speaking without forethought. Worthless. Trash. Pathetic. Whore. Things he’d said to dozens of men who’d been down on their knees in front of him. But none of them had a history of abuse that he’d been aware of, and that knowledge alone seemed to change everything. Would I have scarred Birtrem so casually if I’d seen Meridan’s back first? For a moment, his mind wandered back to the laundry room at Arkanis Academy and the candidate he used to meet there: the one he’d called Whore for the greater part of a year before learning his name. The boy who’d sucked cock like it was what got him out of bed in the morning. He wondered where Birtrem was these days and whether everyone he’d been with since he was eighteen had asked about the letters on his back. Especially now that ‘Hux’ meant something across the entire Order—and beyond. Hux hadn’t ever restrained himself this much, not since he first began indulging in his kinks. He wanted to call Meridan a filthy cocksucker but didn’t want to damage him any further—and he wasn’t sure what words or actions might push him the wrong way. He knew not to promise to “take care of” him, knew not to belt him. But other than that, he realized he was working more or less blindly. For a split second he wished he had Ren’s ability to peak into Meridan’s mind. Because he didn’t want to ask about it as he had a strong suspicion that doing so would put a quick end to their current activity. And it would start a conversation he was dead certain neither of them wanted to have. The problem was that they still needed to have it. We should have discussed language the night we had dinner together. He smiled a little bitterly to himself as he contemplated potential phrasing. —What exactly was it that your father used to say to you while he was beating you senseless? —So, Ensign. What words should I strike from my vocabulary to prevent you from seeing me as another abuser? He shook his head to clear it, then looked down at the officer below him. Meridan was humming away, blissfully unaware of the general’s misgivings. Hux gasped and knew he was going to start talking soon. He felt a few beads of sweat form on his forehead. Don’t give him the wrong impression. Don’t let him walk out of here thinking you’re all chocolate boxes and roses. Hux wasn’t that at all and surely Meridan had to know it by now. So he grabbed the man’s hair and pulled him in, holding his face against his pelvis for a full count of ten. It was just a reminder of what he could do; a promise and a threat at all once. As he was finally released, Meridan gasped for air while looking up at the general with a delighted smile on his wet lips. Then Hux breathed in deeply, left his hands on the armrests, and started in with his words as the ensign leaned back down. “You look fantastic with a cock deep in your mouth. And I’m happy it’s mine.” Meridan gave a pleased sound in acknowledgment. “You like getting down on your knees for me? Because I think it’s right where you belong.” The junior officer nodded in wholehearted agreement. Hux listened to Meridan’s mouth, reveled in the wet slurping noises he made. “Oh gods, that’s it, pet. Yes. Show me what you’re good for and I’ll reward you. Deeper.” Hux groaned as his cock sunk down his partner’s throat. “All the way down. And hold it, boy. Hold it. Mm, yes. Wherever did you learn to do that?” No need to train this one at fellatio. His breath caught in his throat and just before he lost control, he abruptly ordered, “Stop.” He pulled out and wrapped one hand around his length. The other he used to tilt Meridan’s chin upwards. Hux stroked himself to completion, spurting onto Mer’s face and neck. The ensign licked up what he could and ended by sucking the tip of Hux’s thumb. The general appraised him. “You’re such a beautiful mess.” His chrono beeped and he checked the time and rolled his eyes. “Shit. I have to get to the projection room for another pointless vid-conference. There are sanitary wipes in the middle drawer; clean yourself up before you leave here. Then come by my quarters at 1930. I’ll see to you then. Do not touch yourself until you arrive this evening.” “You’re kidding me,” Meridan groaned. Their date—or whatever it ought to be called—was nearly seven hours away. “No. I am absolutely serious. Take a cold shower if you have to. I want you to wait for me.” The ensign gave him a piercingly grumpy look before reaching into the drawer for the wipes. The remainder of Meridan’s shift was more than trying. Over several hours, his erection would return unexpectedly and require minutes of careful focus on technical work to abate. It didn’t help that Meridan continued to both replay the scene in Hux’s office and imagine what they’d be doing later on in the evening. Three hours into this struggle, Byri leaned in over his console. “What’s going on, Ensign Noro?” He frowned up at her, knowing she wouldn’t accept “Nothing” as an answer. “I’m waiting on General Hux.” “For what? A promise ring?” Meridan glowered. “For him to finish what we started earlier in his office.” “Oh my fucking gods. Do you think he’d give you the security footage?” This was something he hadn’t considered. Unless Hux had disabled the cameras, there would be documentation. “Oh. Shit.” He was fairly certain he’d never been filmed until today. “You hadn’t thought of that.” Asja Byri watched her friend and colleague color abruptly. “No." To excuse his oversight, he added, "I was a little busy at the time.” “So,” she began casually. “If he were to give you a copy of said evidence…” The rest of the sentence hung in midair. “Yes?” “Movie night? With snacks?” “I hate you.” “Fine. Just loan it to me, then. If you’re so shy.” “Well?” Hux asked, leaning over him just a bit, half-threatening, half-enticing. “Well what?” “Did you follow my instructions and hold out?” Meridan glared a little, his arms defiantly crossed against his chest. “Yes. And I’m not particularly happy about it.” “I am.” He reached a hand over and palmed Meridan through his trousers. The ensign began to respond immediately despite his annoyance. “I’m glad you saved up your load for me.” He bit Meridan’s neck a little too hard for it to count as playful. When he heard it put that way, Meridan suddenly didn’t mind anymore. He wished Hux had explained his order earlier. “What do you want to do with me?” “I want to make you spurt all over yourself, then I intend to play with it.” “Maker.” Meridan was looking forward to finding out what Hux meant by play. As it turned out, the general’s definition involved him using it to trace his last name on Meridan’s chest, then employing it as lubricant while he thrust his fingers deep inside the ensign’s ass with one hand and casually stroked himself with the other. “You’re young,” the general observed, leaning over him. “Do you think you can climax a second time tonight?” “If so, you’d be the one to make it happen.” Meridan was still giddy from the mess he’d made on himself not ten minutes ago. But with three of Hux’s fingers all the way inside him, watching the redhead masturbate with his ejaculate… It just might be possible. “I want to drive you out of your mind with pleasure. To make you writhe and scream for me. To hear you beg and have you not know yourself whether you want me to stop or keep going.” Hux’s eyes were darker than Meridan had seen them. He looked particularly dangerous at the moment, and as if to underline that fact, he rubbed his fingertips against Meridan’s prostate. “I haven’t wanted to go this hard with someone in years. Possibly a decade.” “Oh hells, Hux. I don’t know if I can come, but please don’t stop.” “Do you want more?” “Yes. Please fuck me.” “How?” “Like this, on my back. So I can watch you enjoy me.” Hux threw Meridan’s legs up against his chest and entered him. “Gods, your arse feels like it’s on fire .” The pulsing cock inside him felt deeper than ever before; Hux hadn’t had him in this position yet. “And you’re always…” He let out a gasp at a particularly well-placed thrust before completing his thought. “Quite cool to the touch.” “So you’ve noticed. My body temperature tends toward the lower limit of normal.” “Is that why you wear the greatcoat so much?” “Yes. That and I feel I look rather dashing in it.” “You do. The first time I saw a holo of you, I didn’t know whether to be terrified or turned on.” Meridan still felt this conflict, especially on the bridge where General Hux was in his element. Here in the man’s quarters, though, arousal always won out easily. But the intimidation factor never completely disappeared either. “Good.” Hux took stock of himself. “I think I have ten or fifteen minutes left in me. Can I bring you to climax by then?” Meridan nodded, sweat shining on his brow. “I believe so.” “How can I help?” He was already tugging away at the half-hard cock below him. “Promise to someday fuck me while you’re wearing that coat.” “You have yourself a deal. Full dress uniform. I’ll strip you and hold you down. At knifepoint if you’d like. I have a very nice dress piece.” He was grinning, his disheveled hair falling down across his forehead. Meridan imagined gazing at the stripes on the man’s sleeves while pinned him to the bed… or floor. The addition of a weapon to the scenario only caused his stomach to take extra flips. “And take what you want.” “You know I will.” Despite the playful banter, the glint in Hux’s eyes was absolutely deadly. “Time and again.” By now he was ramming the man’s ass, their bodies slapping together obscenely. “No mercy,” Meridan gasped. “No… fucking… mercy. Ever ,” Hux promised. Or threatened. Either way, it sent a jolt through Meridan’s balls as a second climax tore through him. As they laid apart, panting shallowly and recovering, Hux threaded his fingertips through Meridan’s hair and spoke. “I should have broached this topic earlier, before we… got carried away again. We need to talk about language. What shouldn’t I say to you?” “Nothing. I’ll be fine with anything you want to say.” “I think we both know that probably isn’t true. Look, I can let go and rattle off whatever comes to mind at the time, but I can guarantee that sooner or later you aren’t going to like it. And it’s not about me not wanting to offend or insult you—but I don’t want to ruin a good fuck.” Hux wasn’t sure if he meant that last part. He had a sneaking suspicion that he wasn’t entirely self-motivated about this, but he certainly didn’t want to let Meridan in on that fact. Not yet. Not ever, he corrected himself. Meridan sighed heavily in resignation. “You want a list?” Hux nodded. “Can I put one together and send it to you later? So I don’t have to say any of it out loud?” “Of course.” Meridan Noro returned to his own room to think about words he never wanted to hear spoken again. Three hours later, Hux was still awake when his datapad alerted him to a new message. He brought it up, looked it over, and began shaking his head. Nouns: bitch, cocksucker, disappointment, fag(got), invert, pervert, piece of shit, sissy, slut, trash, whore Verbs: correct, fix, take care Adjectives: cheap, disappointing, disgusting, pathetic, perverted, pointless, useless, worthless His whole repertoire was going to need revising. Well, besides fag and invert . Even he found those insulting—especially the latter’s underlying moronic belief that gender and sex somehow ought to determine sexuality. Wait . He glanced back at the screen and realized that Meridan had sent him an alphabetized list. Good boy. He sent a return message. Thank you. A moment later, his pad pinged again. On the topic of language, how many do you speak? Notes: What we've got going on here: *On-duty shenanigans *Mild orgasm denial *More negotiation, if a bit delayed Chapter 12 : Dinner & After Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The new officers were dining together in a private room off the canteen. Between soup and the main course, Nik leaned in over the table and spoke in a low, conspiratorial tone. “Has anyone else noticed our Dear General has been rather… gentler in recent weeks?” “Yes!” Huula agreed enthusiastically. “What the hell do you think is up with him?” Tariqe chimed in, her voice bright with amusement. “There’s a rumor going around Infantry that he’s getting laid regularly.” She’d been spending the last fortnight working on Infantry training with Captain Phasma. “And that it’s one of us.” Half the officers shifted in their seats to turn toward Byri. “What are you looking at?” she snapped. “Is it you?” Nik asked, his voice so quiet it was almost hushed. “No!” She gulped down the remainder of her mineral water, wishing desperately it were wine. “And you’re all a bunch of idiots. Hux doesn’t even like girls.” She could say that much. Of course she wasn’t going to throw Meridan under the bus, but there was no point in letting the rest of the group suspect she was the one involved with the general. Because it wouldn’t take long for them to figure out that she wished it were true. “Oh,” Nik and Huula said in unison. “Huh,” commented Tariqe. “Well, then it isn’t any of you three. Or me, obviously. Noro?” He couldn’t help but blush; he’d managed to stay out of the conversation this long but he had no control over the blood vessels in his face. He busied himself by folding and refolding the already tidy napkin on his lap. Nik reached over and gave him a light punch to the shoulder. “Good going, man. And thanks for taking the edge off him.” “Who tops?” Tariqe asked shamelessly. “None of your fucking business!” Meridan snapped far too loudly and immediately felt quite sheepish. “Sorry. I’m not comfortable talking about this.” “You know,” Asja started conversationally, waving her spoon for emphasis, “a lot of gay men aren’t strictly tops or bottoms. It’s called ‘switching’.” “ Thank you , Ensign Byri,” Meridan commented sarcastically. “That was most informative.” She shrugged, not taking the jab personally at all. “Just trying to help you out here, Noro.” After dinner, Nik cornered Meridan on the way back towards the officers’ deck. “So, what’s he like? When you’re alone?” “Different. Less formal. Surprisingly thoughtful.” “Still full of himself?” “Well…” Meridan tried to think of a way to tell the truth without it sounding like an insult. After years of awkward shyness and unspoken shame from partners, Hux’s self-confidence was a refreshing change of pace. “He has a good deal to be proud of.” “That good in bed, huh?” If they’d been in closer proximity, Meridan was afraid Nik would have elbowed him meaningfully. “That’s not what I was talking about, Nik.” “Does he order you around there too?” Once again he found himself flushed and he coughed quietly in embarrassment. Nik had grown on him a great deal, but Meridan didn’t consider him a good enough friend to discuss the intricacies of his private life with him. “I’m not judging, believe me. I like that sort of thing myself, with women.” “Oh.” For some reason, this admission immediately changed Meridan’s willingness to talk. “Actually, this is all rather new for me. Not the sex,” he clarified. “But the…” “…Power play?” “Yes. Say, Nik… Um…” “Do you have questions?” “Maybe.” Nik smiled kindly. “When’s your next shift?” Meridan glanced at his chrono. “Eighteen hours, give or take.” “In that case, let’s head to the lounge. We can have a drink.” Once in the lounge, they settled into nearby armchairs, each with a whiskey in hand. “Alright," Nik began. “First we should go over some basics. Do you have a safeword?” Meridan nodded. “Good. Does he provide aftercare?” Meridan looked lost. “When you’re finished playing, does he treat you gently? Hold you, tell you how well you’ve behaved and pleased him?” “Yes.” “That’s aftercare.” “I figured it was just pillow-talk.” “It’s more than that. It should make you feel more than an object, and him less cruel. Y’know, like you’re both human. And partners.” “So you do this with women? You’re the… submissive one?” Nik nodded. “How… How do you hold on to respect for yourself? When you let someone—when you want someone—to treat you like they own you?” A persistent crease had formed on Meridan’s forehead. “Well, it’s all about the person, isn’t it? I mean, you wouldn’t want anyone to do those things, right? No, because it’s about trust as much as pleasure. And there’s nothing wrong with trusting a lover or finding pleasure where you can.” “I suppose not.” He didn’t sound or feel convinced. “You’re having trouble believing that. Look, I know it doesn’t seem… manly. Hardly the sort of thing a soldier is supposed to want. We’re not supposed to enjoy being held down and made to beg and defer our own climaxes. But fuck that. Fuck their expectations and assumptions. And I may be presuming something myself here, but I figure you might already have experience with that.” “How so?” “Well, depending on where you’re from, being gay could have been very difficult.” Meridan looked sullenly at the floor. “Yes. Pridax isn’t the most… understanding location.” It was the most diplomatic way he could find to phrase it. “So you’ve dealt with other people's banthashit before. And this tends to be much more private, just between you and your partners. I’m sure he’s going to be discreet and not tell everyone on board that you’re his sex-toy. I mean, most of us didn’t even now he was gay.” “He’s very quiet about his personal life.” “I’m guessing he has more experience with kink than you?” Meridan looked straight ahead and sighed slowly; the conversation was approaching a deeper concern. “Oh hells yes. I really have no idea what I’m doing. And Hux ... Nik, he’s been with so many men.” “Well, he’s with you now. You must be something.” On his way out of the lounge, Meridan received a private message from Hux. — Stop by when you’re free. And if you have the time and inclination , stay the night. Trying not to appear as though he were rushing, he rushed to his own quarters to put together an overnight kit. Arriving at Hux’s door, he found the general in the living room, tapping away at his datapad. “How was dinner?” he asked, glancing up. With a sigh, Meridan set down his satchel. “Miserable.” A raised eyebrow in surprise, followed by, “How so?” “Well, the whole group now knows we’re fucking.” Hux let out a soft chuckle, shrugged, and said, “It was bound to happen eventually.” Meridan found the general’s lack of concern infuriating. “I just accidentally outed myself and admitted to fraternization with the most senior officer in the whole damn military, and you’re laughing.” The redhead’s smile vanished. “I’m sorry.” He put his pad down and patted the space beside him in invitation. “How did they take it?” “How?” Meridan asked as he sunk down onto the couch. “They thanked me for taking the edge off you and Tariqe wanted to know who tops. Which, by way, I declined to answer.” Hux risked another smile. “So not exactly nuclear fallout.” “No,” the junior officer admitted. “I’m just not used to being open about this sort of thing.” “I know.” The general slid an arm around him to pull him closer. “Let me tell you what I’ve been thinking,” he said in between nips and kisses to Meridan’s neck. “Yes?” “Since you’ve been such a good student, I’m going to give you a few more rules.” Meridan waited quietly for elaboration. He was trying to learn a bit of patience as well, although this was a painful lesson when it came to sex in general and General Hux specifically. “When removing your clothes, I’ll require you to do so tidily. That means folding or hanging them as you go.” He raised Meridan’s face toward his with a finger under his chin. “Understand, boy?” “Yes, sir.” “When we’re together, you’re not to climax without my permission.” “No, sir.” He’d figured that out on his own. Hux seemed to derive particular pleasure from commanding his orgasms. And Meridan was learning the satisfaction from prolonging the activities that proceeded them. “And when my hair’s in place, don’t you dare muss it up.” Meridan frowned at this one. There was something about Hux’s perfectly gelled hairstyle that made his fingers ache to rumple it up. “No, sir,” he agreed, even though he was already planning on finding out exactly how the redhead would punish him for a breach of this third rule. Surely the repercussions couldn’t be all that bad. They laid on top of the rumpled sheets, sweat and ejaculate drying on their skin. Hux lightly brushed a palm over Meridan’s lower back and heard him hiss in response. “Did that hurt?” he asked, head tilted in immediate concern. “Yes and no. Sometimes it… tingles and burns. The skin there, on my back.” The redhead nodded, knowing that Meridan was referring to his scars. It wasn’t exactly a euphemism since they constituted most of the surface area of his back. “When?” “It’s unpredictable. A touch from a hand or the rub of my clothes. Water in the shower. Sleeping on my back. Sometimes it happens without any contact at all.” He wasn’t certain how to adequately convey the startling, prickling shiver that would run across his skin unexpectedly. It felt like an electrical current misfiring. Hux understood what this meant. “You have some nerve damage. How did you tend to your injuries after receiving them?” “Rubbing alcohol and a few bacta patches, usually.” “That’s all?” A nod. “It was insufficient. You needed neural repair before the scar tissue formed.” He sighed quietly. Meridan had required a good deal more medical attention than a protocol droid and little sister had been able to provide. Psychotherapy wouldn’t have hurt, either. “Unfortunately neuropathy is still tricky to treat, especially years after the initial insult. You could try using a topical anesthetic if it bothers you.” It certainly bothered Hux, thinking that any incidental caress to the young man’s back could cause him unintended discomfort. He was discovering that when they spent time alone together, he often wanted to touch Meridan—not just sexually, but casually. It was calming, comforting, and although he would say no such thing, he hoped the feeling was mutual. “Like I said, it’s not really painful. More annoying than anything. At worst it’s bearable.” Thus far , Hux thought. As Meridan aged, his neuropathy would likely progress to neuralgia. He could easily end up debilitated from pain that typical analgesics would hardly touch. Nerve blocks would help, but they’d probably put him out of commission in his career. That was a depressing thought indeed: this brilliant, ambitious man crippled at forty from what his father had done to him when he was fourteen and defenseless. Hux felt an impotent rage rise inside him, which the ensign was quick to notice. “Don’t pity me,” Meridan ordered, sounding more authoritative than Hux had ever heard him. “Pity’s not what I’m feeling.” Hux was trying to find the right word for what he did feel. The general was accustomed to discussing everything—the intricacies of strategy, trade negotiations, starship engineering—but his own emotions. “It’s outrage. And… disgust.” “You shouldn’t be surprised.” “I’m not. I know this sort of thing is still quite common. And that’s just as horrifying.” Ensign Noro shrugged noncommittally before squaring his jaw and narrowing his eyes. “Maybe it made me stronger.” Hux gave him a sharp look. “Do you believe that?” Perhaps he did. The general had met scores of soldiers who felt that way about their own suffering. But somehow he could tell this one was different, that he didn’t ascribe to easy platitudes about the sorts of experiences that built character. Because Noro was more than a simple soldier; he was a thinker, an analyst, and had the makings of a good leader. Meridan’s defiant look collapsed under its own weight and he looked away before his commander could see the moisture building in his eyes. “No.” What had it made him, exactly? Fragile? Volatile? Defective? All the above . “How deep do these run?” Hux asked, lightly tapping a stripe with a fingertip. “How much does it still hurt?” Now he wasn’t asking about the physical pain, and he knew Meridan understood that. Tears began to fall onto the pillow supporting Meridan’s head. “I’m not sure,” he admitted. “I’m afraid to find out.” “I don’t want to scar you any further,” the redhead heard himself say softly. “But I don’t know how to avoid it. The things I want… We really shouldn’t…” Not for the first time, he told himself he’d chosen the wrong partner to introduce to the world of sadism. Should have just fucked him the once and broken it off. But once glance at the ensign and he knew he would have been incapable of stopping there. The only thing that could’ve kept him coming back for more would be Meridan’s refusal. Meridan turned to him and kissed him fiercely. “Shut up, you ass. I’ll tell you if what you want is too much. I promised that.” “But I want… more than I ought to from you.” The general withdrew his hand, not wanting to be touching Meridan during the admission that followed. “I want to hit you sometimes. I want to call you a whore.” Hux shook his head, wishing he could just as easily shrug off some of his desires. He felt he ought to be capable of being a conventional lover for Meridan’s sake. Because he figured that was what the young man deserved; he should be supported and valued and loved. The things Hux doubted he could properly provide, even if he'd been willing to try. “I know. Just don’t and it’s okay.” It really isn’t. But the redhead nodded anyway. “Remember, I’m the only one who knows my limits. You have to believe that.” “True,” Hux admitted. Meridan was new to this game, but already he was explaining the rules. Thanks for reminding me.” Many minutes passed in silence before Meridan spoke again. “Hux?” he asked tentatively. The sound of his name spoken aloud snapped the general back from the edge of sleep. “What is it?” “What’s your first name?” Hux snorted. “Armitage. Don’t ask; stupid family tradition. There’s a reason I don’t use it.” There was a long pause before Meridan continued. “Did your father beat you too?" “No,” came the reply from the darkness. “He was less than accepting, but he didn’t express it physically. To hear him explain it, domestic violence was something for the lower orders of society to engage in. Like religion.” “Did he try… to correct you? For liking men?” “He—” Hux was having trouble saying these words, because even though his experience had been so much easier than Meridan’s, it was still humiliating. “Yes. He had me go out with girls a few times.” He grimaced at the memories. Especially of—what was her name? Jinna something? “He offered to pay me, although I declined. And I know he paid them .” “To go out with you? I doubt that.” Meridan had trouble imagining that anyone who liked men would require payment to agree to a date with Hux. “No, to try to fuck me after.” Linna Jayce. And now the images were impossible to hold back, as was as the accompanying vertigo. The fumbling fellatio in the back of his vehicle, the way he’d finally squeezed his eyes shut and desperately forced himself to imagine another classmate, and only then had he managed to come. The tears that had sprung to his eyes when he felt her gag, trying to swallow. Trying so eagerly to please him. So much effort for so much guilt. “It never worked.” “Oh.” Meridan brought an arm around the redhead’s waist. “I’m sorry, Hux.” “So am I.” “Do you have a middle name?” “Yes. Declan. It’s from my mother’s side.” This conversation was the most he’d spoken about his early years since he’d gone through them firsthand. “I like it. Can I use it?” Hux nodded. No one had called him that since… he shoved back the memory. It’s been some time. But as he fell back towards sleep, his defenses wavered and the name repeated across the years. Seachnall. Seachnall always called me Declan. The two syllables slipped out from between his lips. “Seachnall,” he mumbled into his pillow. Meridan had no idea what the word meant, and he didn’t ask. He just let Hux sleep. Notes: -Inadvertent self-outing -Yet still more negotiation -No sex, just talking about it -Attempts at discussing feelings Not to sound like a comments-whore, but please leave some if you have anything to say. Chapter 13 : Correspondence Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Hux is in the back of his speeder with the girl he just took out to dinner. The roof is up and the air conditioning is going. It’s been a warm week. School is coming to a close. The Academy is looming; his whole life is calling. Linna Jayce is kissing him insistently, and he rather likes it. Her lips are soft and warm and she wants him. He wants to want her back. He kisses her neck and feels her shudder against him. Perhaps he can make this work, can convince his body and the more primitive parts of his mind that this is acceptable. Sufficient. “Take your shirt off, Declan,” she breathes. While he pulls it over his head, she unbuttons her blouse in turn. She runs her fingertips down his naked skin, brushes against his nipples. Her hand drops to his lap and she takes a light hold of him through his trousers. The warmth and friction alone have him half-hard. He wonders how much of his adolescent lust will be able to spill over for a female. Maybe he can figure out a way for this to suffice. Everything would be so much easier. “I want to go down on you,” she murmurs into his ear. Declan Hux imagines the list of boys in their graduating class who would kill to hear these words. It makes him nervous. “Don’t… Don’t bother.” “Shut up, Declan.” She unbuttons and unzips his pants, then slides her fingers under the band of his briefs. She pets his bare cock and it twitches in response. “Please let me.” He lets out a small moan of surrender and sinks back against his seat. He lets her pull his pants and briefs down to his ankles. She kneels on the floorboard in front of him. He looks down at her eager face in the low light and tells himself that she’s pretty and he should be grateful—she’s giving herself without him asking. That’s when Linna starts licking him. He wonders if she’s done this before. He hopes she has; he doesn’t want to be the first. Who did she date before him? Wasn’t it Vim? He imagines her on her knees in front of the other boy, his hand playing with her hair, his eyes closed, a gasp escaping his reddened lips… Hux is fully hard now. Linna’s lips are sealed around the head of his cock and she’s beginning to suck him off. He likes the messy sound of it. He focuses on the image of Vim, and behind his closed eyes he sees the blond boy between his legs, his head dipping down again and again. Linna takes him in a bit more and his breath catches in his throat. She notices and sighs a little, happy to please him, but her voice is wrong. Too high, too soft. He starts losing his focus and his erection, and desperately forces all his fantasies to the front of his mind. A memory accompanies them. His first blowjob. Tiko’s dark hair in curls, the heat of his mouth and the delicious sucking noises he made. The way Hux hadn’t lasted more than a few minutes before crying out in surprise and joy. Tiko’s smiling face looking up at him, a drop of come on his lips… Hux squeezes his eyelids tight, places a hand on top of Linna’s head and strokes the curls there. Yes. Tiko. Right there. He comes with a quiet grunt and Linna must not have been expecting it yet because she gags a little as she struggles to swallow. Just like that, he’s no longer enjoying his orgasm, although his hips continue to buck against her face. Hux opens his eyes and pulls out before he’s completely finished. He’s still dripping a little, but he doesn’t want to get any more in her mouth, doesn’t want to inconvenience her further. He can clean the floorboards later. “I’m sorry,” he whispers. “Don’t be,” she manages. There are tears in his eyes. “But I am. I’m so fucking sorry for all of this, and for dragging you into it.” He puts a hand on her cheek and brushes a finger across her lips, wiping them clean. He pulls her up and back onto the seat and starts buttoning her blouse back up. “I’d please you if I could bring myself to do it. That would only be fair.” “Declan.” His name sounds like a warning she doesn’t want to vocalize any further . “I’m sure you know. We’ve been dancing around this for some time. Too long.” “Shut up.” “I’m gay.” “I know that, Declan!" she huffs. “I’m not a bloody idiot!” His tears spill onto his cheeks and they feel like failure. Declan Hux grabs his jacket and leaves the speeder. His hands fumble through the pockets for his cigarettes and sparker. He’s taking his first deep drag when Linna exits the speeder from the other door and walks around to his side. “Give me one of those,” she demands. He hands her the one he just started and lights another for himself. They breathe in the smoke in silence for a few moments. “I shouldn’t have let you do that. I wish I could take it back.” Right now he wishes he could take back all the time and effort he’s wasted in his attempts at normality. “I thought it might work. It seemed to work.” He shrugs guiltily. “It took… focus.” “You weren’t thinking about me.” “No.” The admission tastes like bile. She tears up as well but blinks it away. “Shit.” She turns around and gives his speeder a quick kick. “I want you to want me.” “So do I. You’re smart, pretty, and amusing. You’re exactly the sort of person I should want.” “But I’m not going to convince you. So stop trying to be convinced.” He looks at her in surprise. “What? You need to fuck whoever you were just thinking about instead.” “It’s ‘whomever’. And I can’t. Not with the bloody Commandant breathing down my neck.” “Your father is just going to have to get over himself. And you’ll be off to the Academy soon.” She sighs as she finishes her cigarette and stomps it out. “Just one request.” He raises an eyebrow in that way that just makes her weak. “Send me pictures? Or vids?” His mouth opens and shuts wordlessly. She punches him lightly on the shoulder. “C’mon. I got you off. Return the favor indirectly.” He grins. “I’ll see what I can do.” Seven months later, he sends her a message entitled “As Requested.” It has no text, only an attachment. Linna Jayce slips in her earbuds and clicks it open, feeling the tiny hairs on the back of her neck prickle. A vid starts. It looks like it was shot in a small hotel room. A shirtless boy is lying face-up on the bed, smiling. His blond hair is close-cropped, military regulation length, and there are freckles scattered across his nose and cheekbones. Service identification tags lay atop his bare chest, rising and falling with his breaths. “You going to send this to her?” he asks with a too-innocent smile. Your ex-girlfriend?” There’s a glare behind the response, Linna knows Hux’s voice well enough to tell. “If you’re good, yes.” He rolls his eyes as he points out, “I’m always good, Declan. For you, at least.” “Yes. You are. Take your trousers off.” The candidate complies, sliding his pants off and then hooking his thumbs around the band of his briefs. Linna swallows hard as she watches him slowly expose his hip bones. He’s built like a swimmer with wiry muscles, rather like Declan Hux. “What do you want from me?” “Everything. Start with your mouth.” Hux is so much more confident than he ever was with Linna. He seems older, more authoritative. With her he’d always been a timid mess, but with this boy, he’s clearly in his element. She watches as the other candidate puts his lips around the cock presented to him. Her hand dips below her waistband as Hux begins talking in a low, steady voice she never heard. “Gods… Yes. Seachnall. You’re lovely. More. More .” The boy is making all kinds of little sounds—sucking, moaning, humming. Hux is pressing into his throat. “That’s it. Now let go of me. I need to fuck you.” She sees Seachnall’s eyes gleaming happily. “With pleasure.” He turns over and gets on his knees. Hux positions himself behind him, grabs a nearby bottle of lube, and gets the two of them ready. He eases himself in silently, one hand resting on the small of the other boy's back. Seachnall is already panting in anticipation, “Declan. Declan.” Hux sets the camera down on the bedside table to free both his hands. He places them around Seachnall’s waist and begins thrusting. She sees him fully for the first time. He looks healthy; he’s been training. His own tags bounce lightly against his skin. Hux’s movements are mesmerizing, fluid and natural. Seachnall is the partner he was always meant to have. Their bodies fit; their personalities match; everything works. Linna already has two fingers in herself and is pressing on her clit with the pad of her thumb. She sees something besides sex on the screen in front of her. Passion. Joy. Maybe, just maybe something more. Hux works Seachnall’s arse over for about five minutes before they both become verbal again. They’re murmuring each other’s names, cursing a lot, laughing a little. Hux wraps a hand around his partner’s cock and begins pumping it. Then Linna hears it, muttered from Seachnall first. She thinks he said “I love it,” but then he repeats himself and it’s clearer this time. “Love you, Declan.” She waits for Hux to brush it off. But to her complete surprise, he reciprocates. “I love you too, Seachnall. And I’m about to come. Ready for me?” “Always.” The next day, she sends him a response. Declan, Thank you. Also I wanted to let you know that I never accepted your father’s money. To: Meridan Noro, Ensign First Class, Finalizer From: Westin Alkaram, Ensign Second Class, Indomitable Mer— I hope your posting is going well. I'm sure it's exciting and you're impressing everyone like you always have. But I hope you’re happy with it. I’m sorry I haven’t contacted you since we left. I had a lot of things to think about, I’m sure you’ve guessed that. But I managed not to think about anything important for quite a while. I mean it’s been, what, five months since we shipped out? So why now? Because there’s a girl. A woman. She’s in the Engineering Corps. Really smart, really pretty, and she likes me. So I figured why not give it a shot, since she kept dropping obvious hints. It went alright for a while. Until she cornered me (literally! In my own room!). Saying she was tired of waiting, that we were grownups and should finally get down to it. I tried, Mer, I really did. But I couldn’t get interested without closing my eyes and thinking of you. And it didn’t last. It didn’t feel right . Not like it did when we spent time together. So there you have it. I’m sure you knew, but now I’m saying it. I’ve been a complete fucking idiot. Thanks for putting up with me. With a wry smile, West Meridan stood up from the couch and strode over to the desk where the general was absorbed in reviewing schematics. Calling up West’s message, he passed his datapad to Hux without comment. “Oh gods,” Hux chuckled as he began reading. It soon turned into a full laugh that only let up when he noticed Meridan’s glower over his shoulder. “What? It’s perfect. I think you should be pleased that he’s getting around to discovering himself.” “He couldn’t have possibly discovered himself when I was around. And more than willing to help.” “No, he couldn’t. So stop being such a bitter arse.” The response came in a perfectly flat tone. “Really.” “I sincerely doubt it. He wouldn’t admit it as long as he could think of you as a convenient substitute. I think he had to come face to face with what he thought he wanted—and discover that it didn’t do the trick in comparison. Disappointment can be a real eye-opener.” He switched his own pad off, stood, and stretched in his chair. As his spine popped in a reminder of just how long he’d been sitting working, he headed to the couch, pulling Meridan along by the hand. He took a detour to pour himself two fingers of whiskey. “You speak from experience.” It wasn’t a question. “How many girls did you try to… be with?” He laid back lengthwise on the sofa and stretched his legs out across Hux’s lap. The general swirled the alcohol around the bottom of his glass. “Three, when I was still attempting to call myself bisexual. I knew for sure after the first. But for some reason I thought I might be able to force myself to make do. I managed to do so many other things that were expected of me.” He started listing them in his head. Most of those things he’d found he had a natural knack for: marksmanship, strategy, memorization, self-control, leadership. Some he’d come to master after years of practice, such as astrophysics and public speaking. But heterosexuality hadn’t fit onto either list. It was like the Rodian language—perfectly fine for Rodians, but he had no interest in learning it and there was no practical reason why he ought to. He had plenty of other things to do with his time, and once he’d hit the Academy his preferences had mostly stopped mattering. Marks, dedication, and wits had counted, not the sort of people he wanted to sleep with when off-duty. Now Hux knocked back his drink, choked back his usual reticence, and admitted something he’d never spoken aloud. “When I was fifteen, I sent myself to therapy.” “For what?” The general found himself wanting to ask, What do you think? But that was the sort of thing Meridan would snap, and Hux had to maintain a firmer grip on himself than that. “I wanted to see if it could help me… fix myself. As I thought of it at the time.” “Fuck. Did they try to convert you?” “No, although that’s what I asked for. Luckily the doctor I saw refused point-blank, citing inefficacy and psychological damage. The most he said he could do was help some with the shame.” “Did he?” The ensign asked this wondering if he himself would have benefited from therapy, or at least from the sympathy of an uninvolved listener. “I suppose so. Anyway, I think it’s time we turned in for the evening.” As they settled into bed, Meridan turned to him with a mischievous smile. “Did you fuck him?” “The psychiatrist? Are you kidding me? No.” A shrug. “I wouldn’t put it past you.” “I was fifteen! What’s wrong with your filthy little mind?” He reached over to tousle Meridan’s hair. “Eighty-five,” Meridan responded with a falsely haughty air before grabbing a corner of the blanket and curling up with it. Hux stroked the man’s hair for a few minutes, then corrected him with a whisper. “Eighty-six.” Notes: - Desperate attempt at heterosexuality - Consensual sharing of homemade porn - Brief reference to the concept of conversion therapy Chapter 14 : All in the Timing (Wait for It) Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Meridan stood in the doorway of the bedroom. He was spending more nights here than in his own quarters these days, which begged certain questions. One of which he was currently building up the courage to ask. He cleared his throat before launching into it. “Hux? What is it that we’re doing?” The general looked up from his screen. He had multiple answers, depending on what Meridan was really asking him. “How so?” “You know…” He left the rest of the sentence to hang unarticulated in the air between them. “I assuredly do not.” And he didn’t want to be having two different conversations at the same time. “Us. What are we to each other?” Ah. That. Hux remained silent because this question he didn’t actually have a ready answer for. “Are we just… fucking?” Hux peered intently at Meridan and recognized the fear in his expression. The man was worried about two things in almost equal measure: that Hux didn’t care for him, and that Hux was falling for him. Conflicted, of course, but that was the natural state of the human mind. “No. But we’re not exactly dating, either.” Simply put, General A. D. Hux did not date. He dropped innuendos, he flirted—he’d even dance , if it came to that—but it never led to dating. It led to sex. Which sometimes led to more sex. “I figured that. Are we… partners?” Meridan couldn’t imagine calling Hux his—or anyone else’s—boyfriend. Lover, perhaps, although that had connotations of a deeper connection than they were making. “Yes. That’s a good word for it. You know that I respect you immensely, yes? Personally as well as professionally?” Meridan smiled genuinely. “Thank you.” Then he asked shyly, “Are you seeing anyone else?” “No. Are you?” Why would he? Ensign Noro was satisfying him, and even if he’d had the inclination, he most certainly did not have the free time. “Of course not. I don’t have the energy for that. Not after you’re through with me.” Meridan refrained from asking if theirs was an exclusive arrangement by design or just happenstance. He wasn’t sure he wanted to know the answer either way. The general smiled enigmatically. “Oh? I keep you amused, then?” “You exhaust me, Hux.” “Glad I can keep up with a young thing like you.” Meridan made a dismissive noise. “You’re not that old.” “How old am I, then?” The ensign squinted in thought. “Thirty-four.” “Good guess. Thirty-five.” “So you made general when you were what? Thirty-one? How did you swing that? I know you’re a tactical genius, but still .” Meridan was aware that early promotions were about politics and networking as much as competence. “You may have noticed that I don’t require much sleep. Also, I’m good at reading people and…” “Using them?” Hux inclined his head in the smallest of nods. “Well, yes.” He waited to see if this admission startled or offended Meridan. It did neither; instead the young officer smiled. “I certainly like the way you use me.” This opened up the door for discussing their plans this evening. “And how would you like me to use you tonight?” “How about that rope in the drawer? Know any fancy knots?” He already knew the answer; he just wanted to discover the details through firsthand experience. Hux had him tied in a fetal position on the bed, knees up to his stomach and strung to his wrists, which were themselves attached to a loop around his neck that threaded through his collar. Meridan wasn’t roped to anything but himself. The view of Hux leaning over him was the last thing he saw before the blindfold slipped over his eyes. “What do you think you deserve tonight, Pet?” Meridan wracked his mind for a proper response. “I… I don’t know, sir. Whatever you decide is fitting.” “You’re the one who asked to be tied up. I suppose I’ll have to figure out the rest.” Hux settled on tickle torture, since there wasn’t anything to actually punish the man for. In five minutes’ time his feather-light touches had Meridan rolling around the bed as best he could, tears streaming from the sides of the blindfold, choking on his own laughter. The general was chuckling as well, but silently. Since Meridan couldn’t see him, he had no way of telling just how diverting this was for him as well. He hadn’t laughed this hard in years. Without warning, he stopped. He stood by the bed, unspeaking, unmoving. Eventually this was certain to unnerve Meridan; that was the point. Hux wanted to see how long it would take. Fifteen minutes later, Meridan finally spoke up. “Sir? Are you still there?” Hux heard the tremor in Meridan’s quiet voice and recognized that he was nearing a boundary of some sort. Neither was sure what lay on the other side, and Hux wasn’t ready to find out tonight. “Sh. I’m right here. I didn’t go anywhere.” He pulled down the blindfold to make eye contact. “Here I am. I’ve got you, Mer.” A quick peck on the lips, then the blindfold was back in place. And Meridan knew it. Hux would make certain everything turned out well. He could handle being in control of the both of them. And he would see to it that Meridan received precisely what he deserved. The ensign just didn’t yet know what that was. “I think it’s time I let you in on the rest of my plan. I’m going to last as long as I can tonight.” The ensign whimpered into his pillow. Hux was rearranging the restraints. He released Meridan’s legs—although the ankles remained loosely lashed together—and unhooked his wrists from the collar, then eased him up onto his knees. “Quiet now. I know you can handle it. You’re ready. Do you trust me?” Meridan realized that he did, even now. “Yes, sir.” He braced his palms against the mattress, then bit his lower lip when he discovered that Hux wasn’t going to prep him. Be quiet, be good , he coached himself. Even so, a hiss escaped his mouth while the slicked cockhead pressed inside him, opening its own way. “Sh. I’ll start slow.” Both hands on his cheeks, gripping and squeezing. He didn’t intend for it to hurt; he just didn’t want to wait. “Such a lovely arse. Such a good boy.” The second whimper was more encouragement than warning, and Hux slid in all the way. He stayed still for a while as Meridan counted his own breaths and forced himself to relax. “It’s 2215. When do you think I’ll be done with you?” No response. A slap across his buttocks. “That wasn’t rhetorical. I’m taking bets here, Ensign Noro.” There was a warning tone to his voice. Meridan was torn between not wanting to insult Hux with a low number and not wishing to drive him to drag it out longer than he himself could stand. “Twenty-three fifteen,” he decided, then quickly added, “Sir.” Surely he could handle sixty minutes? Time tended to slip away when he was enjoying himself, and before tonight he’d been surprised to see just how many minutes could pass unaccounted for when the two of them were together. “An hour. Hm. Well, I’ve done it before.” He gave a short, sharp thrust to test the waters. He’d never gone an hour without the help of stimulants, and besides that, Meridan instinctively knew how to please him in ways that tended to speed things up significantly. Meeting the man’s goal would take extensive self-control, and probably some well-timed pace and position changes. If Hux got too invested in a rhythm, he’d been in danger of letting go before the time was up. “Control: give me time alerts in thirty and sixty minutes.” His attention returned to Meridan. “You’ll need to let me know if you’re getting close. I can’t have you spent and oversensitive before I’m finished.” “Yes, General.” Hux’s pulse fluttered at the word. He was still a bit surprised at the way he responded to his title in bed. He’d spent years keeping his career and his private life as separate as possible, yet this reminder drove him a little wild. Being called Commander or even Captain by a lover had nowhere near the effect of this rank spoken aloud. The highest rank currently attainable; at this point he could only receive more medals and commendations. Unless the hierarchy changed, unless a restructuring should occur… Brushing such thoughts of political advancement aside, he held Meridan in place by the hips and canted his own. A quiet sigh of pleasure greeted his movements. “There’s a good boy,” he praised, running a palm over Meridan’s right buttock. Massaging, soothing. Kept blind while Hux started in on him, Meridan could do nothing but feel. After only a few minutes he lost track of time. Unmoored from everything except the mattress he was lying on and the man taking his pleasure, Meridan’s mind floated aimlessly. It already seemed they’d been at this forever. Years, perhaps. He listened to Hux breathing above him, heard it become slightly ragged—and then the man stilled and slipped out of him. “No,” he couldn’t help but keen in protest. “Sir, please. More.” A low chuckle as Hux’s hands turned him onto his back. “Quiet, Pet. Fold your legs up now.” Hux hugged Meridan’s knees and reentered. “See? I’m only changing things up. Nowhere near done with you.” Meridan surrendered to the new angle and depth. He couldn’t control the sounds coming out of his mouth, nor did he care to. Each thrust displaced air from his lungs and forced out a noise of satisfaction along with it. Hux deserved to know the consequences of his motions. “Maker… fuck… nnn…” As Hux continued to pound into him, Meridan slowly gave up everything else. Is this where I belong? How am I doing on the bridge? Do the others respect me? Career concerns vanished. Is Hux satisfied with me? Does my inexperience make things awkward for him? Are my limits curbing his enjoyment? Worries about the general disappeared. This left only his oldest, deepest anxieties exposed. Am I irreparably broken? For a long moment, he felt especially vulnerable. His breaths came shallow and fast, his eyes teared up again. But after a time, he realized he was asking himself the wrong question. At least for the moment, at least here in the general’s quarters, on his bed tonight, the answer was entirely irrelevant. What mattered was Hux and what their bodies were doing together. This physical engagement, this improvised dance. His words began to reflect this gratitude. “Thank you. Thank you.” “Of course,” Hux whispered. “Anything you need from me.” “Sir?” he asked, a silly grin spreading across his face. “Yes, boy?” “I’m… happy.” This discovery was surprising but accurate—he hadn’t felt an overwhelming abundance of joy in a long time. Perhaps ever. In the past, joy like this had always come tinged with fear and shame. And despite all his perversions, Hux had never given Meridan cause for either. Hux gave his own answering smile even though Meridan couldn’t see it. “This is what you needed, Mer. This is what you deserve.” Happiness? That unexpected thought forced moisture from his eyes. As the joyful tears ran from behind the blindfold, Hux reached down to remove it. Somewhere in the background a chime indicated the passage of half an hour. The general caressed his cheek, rubbing the tears away—or in, perhaps—and answering the silent question. “Yes. You deserve to be happy. Any way you can get it. And I’m happy to give.” If Hux said it, then perhaps it was true. “Thank you, sir.” “No. Thank you.” Hux hadn’t fucked anyone to grateful tears in quite some time. It was extraordinarily rewarding, and encouraged him to set a punishing pace. Now he was certain that Meridan was lost in submission, he knew the ensign could handle it. As he thrust hard and deep, over and over, he began to speak the kindest things that were still appropriate under the circumstances. “Gods, you’re good at this. Letting me use you. Giving me exactly what I want without instruction. A natural. Fuck, I need you back on your knees again. I have to watch that arse whilst I’m deep inside it.” He withdrew and repeated some basic astronavigation equations in his head to center himself. Then he leaned over Meridan and pulled him into position, seeing as the man was incapable of much movement on his own. Pouring additional lube into a palm, he reapplied some to the boy’s open hole, his fingertips sliding in with ease. “Mm, look at that. The way your body’s begging for me to keep going. Your arse is so welcoming. You were just made for me to take you.” Then he was plunging back in and pumping away. After a glance at the time, Hux decided to check in with the panting man kneeling before him. “What’s your status, Pet?” “F-fine, sir. Just feeling a little… worn.” An insistent ache was building along with his climax. Left to his own devices, he wasn’t sure if he’d choose to finish or keep going. Luckily it wasn’t his decision to make. “Not too much longer, now.” Ten more minutes, but the ensign didn’t need to know the specifics. Soon Hux had his boy moaning freely and attempting to writhe within his restraints. The general was well aware that he was hitting Meridan’s prostate; he was slamming against it as a reward for making it this far without complaint. At this point, he suspected the man wasn’t going to complain at all. “Sir… I’m getting close.” This was just a warning—he knew the rules, knew Hux wouldn’t grant permission yet. His own climax would come as payment for Hux’s. So the redhead had been doing his job properly. He adjusted his angle and grabbed the back of Meridan’s collar, causing a short choke. “Don’t you dare come before me, boy.” He squeezed the tip of his pet’s dick a little too firmly, knowing it would help in delaying the inevitable. “No, sir. I’ll be good, sir.” Hux’s stern tone helped him focus. For just a little longer, he could hold out. It would be that much sweeter for the lengthy delay. “See that you do and I will reward you appropriately.” The alarm beeped and Meridan couldn’t help but sigh and slouch in relief. But Hux didn’t stop then—if anything, his thrusts intensified. He hooked a finger through the ring at the back of Meridan’s collar and grabbed an asscheek with his other hand, and his movements went from intense to wild. “Fuck, boy. About to come in your arse. Fill it up with this load. You’ve been so… fucking… good for me… Mer .” On the moaning of his nickname, Meridan felt the unmistakable burst of intense wet heat that slowly expanded inside him. Hux continued to sigh as he finished with a few full-body shudders. Notes: -Less light (moderate?) bondage -Mild sensory deprivation -Extended edging -Brief allusion to past substance use Chapter 15 : Ordinary Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) (In-line note: Please check out the Notes for the Warnings on this chapter. They are significant.) “Just lie still.” Meridan stretched out on the mattress and stared expectantly up at Hux. The general straddled him lithely and slowly ran his palms down the man’s chest. Pausing at the nipples for a few brief tweaks, his fingers simply meandered around his body. Eventually the redhead leaned down for a deep kiss. It was intense but lacked any trace of violence or even force. Only passion remained. When their lips parted with a quiet smack, Meridan gave Hux a puzzled look. “What are you doing, sir?” The energy between them was different this evening. “Taking it easy. I want to play at ordinary lovers tonight. See what it’s like.” Did Hux even remember how it went? The words to this tune? Hopefully they would come to him, like a drowned memory dredged up to the riverbank. The younger man frowned slightly, but ended up nodding. Hux reached to the bedside table for the lube and smiled enigmatically while he warmed it in his hands. The fingers that eventually touched him explored gently, gradually opening him as though that process itself gave the general immense satisfaction. As though he’d never dream of taking Meridan unprepared (the way he had just last night). Hux sighed quietly. “This is so hot, watching you respond to my touch.” Meridan was unnerved by General A. D. Hux using the word hot to describe something in a non-thermal way. He reacted by attempting to distract the man from saying pleasant things. “Please, sir—” “No standing on formality tonight, Meridan. Ordinary people, remember.” He leaned down for another kiss, this one very short. “Please, Declan…” Meridan had never called Hux that during sex, only afterward. The word tasted strange in his mouth. “You want me inside you now?” Meridan exhaled in relief. “Yes.” Hux arranged a pillow under Meridan’s lower back and folded his knees up. Slicking himself, he spoke softly. “You’re so damn beautiful, Meridan. Especially like this, lying on my bed, waiting for me.” He positioned himself and glided in achingly slowly. Holding himself above his partner with palms flat on the bed, he stared into the dark brown eyes looking up at him. “You feel so good. So warm, so giving.” He pressed inside—not with a thrusting or ramming motion, something far more gentle than that. “I’m very lucky. More so than I deserve.” Meridan’s heartrate skyrocketed, thudding against his ribcage in a nauseating rhythm that was sickening echo of the slow dance of Hux’s hips. This wasn’t how things were supposed to go. Not what he was used to, not what he’d come to expect and desire. Hux didn’t owe him compliments simply for existing. Cold sweat formed on the back of his neck and his forehead, tiny pinpricks of panic as he began struggling to breathe. Hux read this as excitement. “Tonight I’m going to make love to you. Slow and sweet, just the way you deserve.” No. No. I don’t deserve. Don’t use that word, not even as part of a common phrase—No. Meridan gasped as first his mind, followed in short order by his entire body, seized up in rejection. Sweaty hands slipped over the general’s shoulders in a panicky attempt to push him off. “Jawas!” he shouted hoarsely. There’d been no plan to use that word; Meridan had just reached for the only weapon he had left. Shock widened and filled Hux’s eyes, but he moved to withdraw immediately. Meridan sat up and scrambled for a blanket to wrap around himself since he felt particularly raw and exposed. Blankly, he stared at the wall and hyperventilated. He didn’t even notice when Hux left the room; he only realized it must have happened when the general was handing him a glass of cold water. “Thanks,” he responded automatically in a cracked voice as he accepted the gift on offer. “I’m going to take a shower. In the meantime, please drink that and keep breathing.” As the water rained down on him, Hux replayed the scene in his head and attempted to put his finger on precisely what had gone awry. Meridan might crave power exchange and get off on punishment, but that didn’t mean he always deserved it. Surely every now and then the two of them could have sex like normal—correction, typical —people. Kisses instead of bruises. Compliments in the place of orders. Instead Meridan had used the safeword on him. Hux worked the shampoo through his hair much more vigorously than necessary. The fucking safeword. There had only had two previous incidents where a partner employed one with him. The first had come during vigorous knife-play (there’d been a great deal of blood; Hux had gotten drunk with power). The second occurred while he’d been caning a man in a blindfold (he’d later learned that said man had spent weeks as a hostage during some particularly heated territory negotiations; it had hit a deep nerve). To be perfectly honest, both times he’d known he was going too far—he’d just decided to continue anyway, to press his luck. Because he’d been enjoying himself. Thinking back on his hobbies, he was rather surprised he hadn’t heard more safewords over the years. Luck and good choice of partners, he supposed. But tonight had bloody well blindsided him. He’d been kind, and that very thing had pushed Meridan over the edge of his limits, possibly driven him to a panic attack. Why? Damaged self-worth? Fear of something beyond physical intimacy? The transitory nature of human kindness? Or he simply doesn’t want that sort of thing from me, specifically. Of course he shouldn’t spend his time guessing in the shower. He ought to give up attempting to wash off the guilt, return to the bedroom, and talk. Never one to shirk duty, that was precisely what he did. “Are you ready to talk about this?” he asked as he stood in the doorway, rubbing a corner of the towel behind his ears. He was trying to think of the proper way to comfort Meridan. If gentleness had brought on panic, it probably wasn’t a good idea to try to calm him down with physical contact. So he just watched the ensign’s reaction. The young man on the bed shrugged wearily. “I suppose,” he muttered into his glass. “I’m sorry it came to that. But we need to review what happened, to prevent it from recurring.” Meridan didn’t want an apology. He’d only wanted what he had come here expecting, the things he’d become accustomed to look forward to. Soft kisses and kind words didn’t come into the picture, certainly not until he’d been used to Hux’s satisfaction. That was when the general could bring him down sweetly. The redhead sat beside him, giving him a good thirty centimeters between them. Hands in his lap, he joined Meridan in looking at the wall. “Where did it go wrong?” A deep sigh proceeded an answering question. “Why didn’t you want to control me?” “When?” “Any time. No biting, no choking, no restraints. Why?” He sounded confused. “I said I’d like to go vanilla tonight.” “I suppose that was where it went off-track, then.” Why pretend they had something ordinary when it would just amount to boring roleplay? Meridan couldn’t imagine anything duller than ordinary. “You haven’t always had sex the way we do,” the redhead pointed out. “No. But we always do.” Hux kept himself from rolling his eyes; it was as though Meridan were purposefully misunderstanding him, just to be difficult. But it forced him to be absolutely clear, so perhaps it was beneficial. “I assume you enjoyed sex before you met me. Every now and then I like typical activities. To change things up a little. I’d hate to bore you.” And because he’d wanted to show that he could, in fact, be gentle. During as well as after. Hux always chose his words carefully—he truly wanted to know what making love to Meridan would feel like. To see if it was satisfying. After all these years of power play and sexualized violence, lovemaking sounded adventurous. Dangerous, even, since there was the unspoken threat that it could develop into… more. He watched the ensign’s face as the man struggled to formulate a response, and gave him some wording options. “Do you not want that sort of thing from me? Or was it just because I didn’t give you enough warning?” Meridan gulped down the last of his water. “It… felt like a relationship.” Like playing at something we don’t have . Hux had made it clear that they weren’t dating, and he was fine with that, really. More than fine. It made everything simpler. “And that’s a problem?” The ensign ran his hands through his hair roughly, tugging at it as he went, trying to think of a way to satisfactorily express the issue without revealing too many compromising details. “Well, what we’ve been doing up to now… isn’t that . Besides, I thought you didn’t want it.” Interpreting Hux’s desires seemed far easier than parsing his own right now. “I’ve only had one proper relationship.” Plain statement of fact. “It didn’t end well.” Understatement of a lifetime. If what had happened with Garrit was what being in love entailed, he wanted none of it. Wash your hands of him and everything you meant together, go off to the Academy, have a career. Steer clear of falling back into that sort of trap. “When was that?” “Just before I left for the Academy.” “Over four years ago,” Hux pointed out. Meridan nodded. “You’re saying I should be ready again by now.” At this point Hux shook his head, even though he had been implying exactly that. “No, I’m sorry. It’s been far longer than that for me. I shouldn’t judge. It isn’t my place. Just…” Just what did he mean, then? Swallowing back his own fears and pride, he forged ahead blindly. Because it wasn’t fair for Meridan to be the only one who was brutally honest with himself. Perhaps he could show a little vulnerability as well. “I think I’d be willing to give it a try. If you were, that is.” “Hux. Declan . If I could be with anyone, I’d want it to be you.” Don’t cry, he told himself. You’ve already shown enough weakness for one night . A drawn-out sigh, then a shake of the head and, “Oh, fuck it. I’d be an idiot to turn you down. Yes.” Hux reached over to put a hand over one of Meridan’s. “Let’s see if we can’t figure this out.” A comprehensive history of the fall of the Old Republic was probably not the best bedtime reading material for General Hux. Extensively researched and copiously footnoted, it would certainly strike the average reader as dull and overly academic. Instead it acted like a stimulant on the political part of Hux’s mind. Following the threads of various topics, prying them apart, analyzing the pieces—this was the sort of thing he longed to spend his time doing. At the moment he was focusing on various admirable but naïve attempts at forming a cohesive whole out of such a vast and diverse collection of cultures, geographies, and economies. It was a doomed mess. It was enthralling. He paused to adjust the pillow behind his back and found himself lazily watching Meridan sleep. Thoughts of trade deficits and retributive tariffs cast aside, he wondered if the man sharing his bed was now his boyfriend. On a purely intellectual level, Hux felt too mature and too responsible to have a boyfriend . But viscerally he felt a small frisson of delight. Of… well, giddiness, to be perfectly honest. Also, he was pleased to have skipped over the dating stage entirely. They’d gone from colleagues to bedmates to partners, and the general was happy with that unorthodox progression. Chalking his excitement up to inexperience, he was reminded of Meridan’s statements on the topic of his own past. One real relationship. It didn’t end well. What the hell did that mean? Although far from an expert on the matter, he figured that the vast majority of relationships did, in fact, not end well. That fact that something important hadn’t been well was the very reason they ended, after all. Reflecting on the knowledge that Meridan must have been around eighteen at the time, he reckoned that it had wrapped up with a passionate fight. Broken promises—perhaps some electronics hurled at the wall for added emphasis. Wounded pride and most likely someone sleeping around. Sexual and emotional betrayal, et cetera et cetera and blah-de-blah. It all sounded awfully predictable and tiresome. Hux wondered how much shouting this would end with, and hoped it would take some time to come to that point. He didn’t permit himself to imagine that such a moment wouldn’t eventually come. Meridan had fallen asleep quickly and fully with Hux’s arm curled around his waist. But considering their bedtime conversation, it wasn’t surprising what he eventually dreamed about. A knock on the door unanswered, the code punched in. Entering the apartment. “You weren’t at graduation,” Mer called out in the front hallway as he pulled off his jacket. “What happened?” Silence. Stepping into the bedroom and seeing. Unable to process all the details yet still understanding the gist all too clearly. Everything fit together perfectly and horribly. And when he finally turned from the scene on the bed, he found it there on the desk. The note was short, but utterly sufficient. M— i am so tired. i love you but i hate everything else. and you’re leaving. i can’t stay. i can’t be alone. i can’t. there’s nothing left after you. all apologies, my love. ~garrit Meridan surfaced from his nightmare replay and screamed a single word. It was Garrit . “Lights at ten percent,” Hux ordered into the darkness, startled out of his own sleep. He looked over to see his lover bent over the edge of the bed, scarred back coated in sweat. “Meridan?” he asked quietly in the low light. Checking the bedside chrono, he saw it was only 0217. Their first night as a couple wasn’t going particularly smoothly. The other man’s shoulders began to heave. “I can’t keep it together. Hux…” And then the sobs came, great sucking sounds that racked his ribcage. “I’m falling to fucking pieces here.” It certainly sounded like it. “Shh. Breathe.” Hux sat up, folded down the covers, and moved behind Meridan, placing both cool hands on his shaking shoulders. “Just breathe.” “Can’t. Can’t think.” He was choking on his thoughts, whatever they were. “Can’t stay. Can’t be alone. And I left him alone.” Hux didn’t understand, so he just wrapped his arms around Meridan and began to rock him gently. But the ensign broke out of his hold and turned around. His eyes were wide, haunted. Hux felt his stomach clench with cold dread—he didn’t know how to handle this. It fell well beyond his scope; it looked like a traumatic flashback. He’d witnessed them before with other soldiers, but recognition alone wasn’t proper training. Racking his brain for something that at least wouldn’t hurt , he said in what was hopefully a reassuring voice, “Tell me what’s going on.” “No! I fucking can’t!” Meridan howled inconsolably, covering his face in his hands. “Where are you, Meridan?” “ I left him alone! ” The act of hiding his face infuriated Hux. “Look at me. Damnit, Ensign!” Perhaps stern formality would break through the wall between them. He shook the man by the shoulders firmly enough to demand his attention. Meridan’s hands dropped to his lap but still he refused to look up. And that was when Hux snapped. He’d backhanded the younger man before realizing his arm was even in motion. Meridan finally looked him in the face, eyes still wide and startled but no longer full of tears or terror. Hux gasped in horror at what he’d done. Their first night, he was already fucking things up beyond repair. “Fuck! Meridan, I’m so sorry. I’ll never—” The ensign responded in a voice barely above a whisper. “Do it again.” “I swear. Never.” Meridan spoke more clearly this time, enunciating every word carefully. “No, you don’t understand. Do it again . Please.” Hux stared into his eyes, saw the deadly serious calm in them. “What?” “It helped. Hit me again. Please, sir .” The general continued to stare at him, but he breathed in deeply and slowly raised his hand. This time, when his palm struck Meridan’s face, the ensign sighed in relief at the impact. Hux felt a lurch of mixed lust and self-disgust in his gut, and struck out again. Gods, how does this feel so right? He’d hurt plenty of men like this before, but only when he’d intended to. These things hadn’t always been properly negotiated, but Hux had consistently clung fast to the notion that intent mattered. Now he’d broken the one rule they had, his promise to avoid anything that bordered on what Colonel Noro had done. Hitting Meridan in anger had certainly crossed that line. “I’m sorry,” he whispered, feeling the pinprick burn of tears in his own eyes. I’m sorry for what I am. I’m not what you need. “Hux, thank you,” Meridan breathed, smiling like he’d been kissed sweetly. “Don’t stop, sir.” That was all it took to stem the tide of his doubts for the time being at least. In a moment, Hux had pulled Meridan off the bed and pinned him to the floor as he continued to slap him. Pausing, he leaned down to bite Meridan’s lower lip until it began to bleed, then sucked at it for a brief moment. Remembering what had set this off, he returned to the questions. “What happened? Meridan, what the fuck happened ?” Meridan surfaced from his own pleasure for a moment to tongue his bloodied lip and frown in confusion. “What? When?” “You must have had a nightmare. When you woke up, you shouted a name. His name.” Tears sprung back into Meridan’s eyes and he shook his head disconsolately. “No, please don’t make me explain.” Hux’s hand was around Meridan’s throat, tight and threatening to close tighter still. They were at the edge of something important, and Hux didn’t think they should postpone it any longer. “You will tell me. Because I need to know, in order to deal with this.” He squeezed harder. “Why did you dream about Garrit?” Meridan sobbed once, averted Hux’s gaze, and gave in. There was no energy in reserve to be able to fight. “Because he’s dead.” In surprise, Hux relaxed his grip instantly. “What?” Why hadn’t Meridan mentioned this earlier? Instead he’d let Hux think that his first relationship had ended with a typical breakup. The sort of thing that left both parties with very ordinary hurt feelings. Not this. It was too familiar. “He killed himself, Hux. With my pistol. A week before I left for the Academy, he stole my fucking blaster and shot himself in the head. I was the one who found him.” The scene returned in brute force. The smell of cordite, flesh singed at the temple. Face gray, drained of all color save the back-splatter of blood. Two clammy fingers still curled lightly around the trigger. Empty, glassy eyes—the ones he’d previously looked into to imagine a future. “Oh, Meridan. Shit.” And now Hux was leaning over him, raining kisses on his face and neck, cupping his cheek in the palm of the hand that had just stopped choking him. “Why?” “Because of me. Because I loved him, because I was leaving. Because I made him happy and it felt all wrong and that made us miserable. I loved him and he loved me and he died for it, Hux. Everything I love ends up broken.” He sobbed and his entire body shook under the general’s. “Because I’m broken.” Hux ran his fingers lightly through Meridan’s hair but didn’t contradict him. “We’re all broken, my sweet boy.” He kissed the ensign’s cheek and helped the man up into a sitting position so he could hold him properly. “But somehow we keep on going.” “Why?” “I have no fucking idea, Mer. Maybe because we can’t not.” The ensign was trembling, his mind still stuck halfway in the past. “Please,” he begged, looking into the general’s eyes, searching for reassurance. “Don’t let me get attached like that. I can’t cope a second time.” “Shh, Meridan. Hush now. I’ve got you. You’ll never have to go through that again.” This really wasn’t something he could promise, but he did anyway, still carding his fingertips in Meridan’s sweaty curls. “And you’re not a fool. You won’t fall in love with me.” Because unlike you, I’m fundamentally unlovable. “So you’re safe now.” For now at least. Notes: HOLY WARNINGS, BATMAN! - Use of the safeword - Possible PTSD nightmare & flashback - Non-negotiated act of domestic violence - Past suicide - Also some fluff, because our antiheroes are moving towards something resembling an actual relationship