When Needed It had started off casually enough—how you noticed the primal way he walked. The fact that you, unlike your co-workers, could not exactly tear away your eyes fully from him. In your peripheral you would watch him. The way his hands were curled into fists. The way his long legs moved forward, brushing aside his robes and revealing that he had quite the build. You were hardly surprised to discover that he had noticed you watching him; he was, after all, quite attuned with the Force. Kylo Ren had commented on it, his head tilted ever so slightly to the side. As time went on, you discovered that he watched you . Little things at first. His visor pointed in your direction when you were near the Command Shuttle. And then he entered the cafeteria, which was not something he normally did. Those present were on edge. You, meanwhile, found it quite comfortable to be near him. The stern way he would scold you when you made a mistake. He hardly ever addressed those he did not deem worthy of his attention. Yet there you were, his sole audience. Alone with him. The first time he had fucked you—it could not be called making love, that was too soft a term, so inappropriate —he had not bothered to remove his helmet. Several trysts more, wherein you were on your knees for him, or else his fingers were buried in your pliant, wet cunt while his other hand shielded your mouth, muffling your cries. You found the taste of leather, sometimes tinged with your juices, to be exotic. At nights, when he was away on a mission, you would pull on a pair of your own regulation gloves. First you would run your fingers through your hair, trailing them down your body. Next you would cover your mouth so that your bunkmates could not hear you, so that you would not awaken them. You fucked yourself raw on more than one occasion. When he returned, Kylo Ren would chuckle, his head lolling back and his shoulders shaking. “Fuck,” he would say, his hand outstretched as he invaded your mind. He dug up the memories of you masturbating as you were brought to your knees with the Force. Kylo Ren would hold your head in place, fucking your mouth and using the Force to stimulate your clit, never letting you cum until you were beginning him, moaning around his cock. Whining, tears in the corners of your eyes. It was after one of his missions that he could not wait to have you; he brought you into the shower with him, and that was the first time you saw his face. Your eyes were wide as you took in his features. To say the least, you hadn’t expected this . Kylo’s lips twisted upwards into a smirk, the man purring out taunts as he backed you up against the shower wall. You felt him so deep within you that time, that you always felt empty when he was not around. So incomplete. With the revelation of his face came new heights in your sex life. His mouth upon you; how Kylo Ren reveled in making you squirm with his tongue. His favorite was having you straddle his face and rock into his mouth whilst you wrapped your lips around his cock. You would pump him with your hand, running your tongue up and down his shaft. It had been horrible, when you had uttered the words, “I love you,” in the throes of passion. Kylo Ren’s hips had stilled. You had swallowed hard, your eyes widening as you tried to think of a protest. Ultimately, he could see through the lie you tried to stutter out. The Force user had pulled out of you, drawing away. Days transpired before you saw him next. Your eyes were red and raw from all the crying you had done when not working. Kylo Ren had lured you away from the group once more. He spoke nothing of what you had said, opting instead to wrap his arms around you from behind and rest his mask against the back of your head. Holding you there, his hands wandering along your body, albeit more gently than ever before. Though it hurt in many respects, you accepted that he would not repeat the words. His actions said enough for you, showed you that he, in his own way, cared. And so the two of you stripped down, your bodies reuniting in the ever-familiar dance wherein he took the lead. That had been months before. Staring down at the strip, you felt a fresh wave of emotion surge through you. How should you react? More importantly, how would he react? Attachments were forbidden to Jedi, and though he was not a Jedi it was true that too strong an attachment would be frowned upon by Supreme Leader Snoke, whom Kylo Ren nearly worshipped. Sentiment was not something he welcomed either. All the same, you knew he would find out. And so, it was best he heard it from you . . . . “Hey, have you seen—?” Technicians and officers alike shaking their heads. Puzzling over your disappearance. Kylo Ren, hearing them, ghosted his hand over the container that was on his hip, hidden underneath his robes. His chest felt heavy, however he willed away the emotions, the useless sentiment as his Master would say. He thumbed the container once more. Your ashes inside. Always with him. Sweet thing…foolish girl… He jerked his hand away. Kylo Ren knew he would feel the tug again, the same as the way the Light pulled at him. He consoled himself with the fact that he was not alone; you would always be right there, forever in his reach so that he could touch you when he needed. Chapter 2 : Forever Notes: The actual death. Because people were asking...and, more specifically, Kassanovella tempts me to do bad things. Forever Your mind had been nearly in a fog as you walked through the hallways of the Finalizer . You eyed the nearest airlock with apprehension. You had heard rumors of others being flushed out of them. Never by Kylo Ren, however… You rubbed along your abdomen. Pregnant. What the hell would he think? Well, you thought with a gulp, you were going to find out in a short manner of time. You paused at his door, lifting a hand and moving it forward to knock. The door opened before you received a chance. You pursed your lips, exhaling whilst stepping into his quarters. He was seated on the edge of his bed, his head cocked to the side. You rarely approached him in this way. “Uhm…h-hey, sir,” you said, feeling your heart beginning to race in your chest. Kylo Ren rose from the bed, crossing the room and rounding you. He circled you, eyeing you. You knew he could tell something was off. “I… I’m… I’m preg…nant… Kylo, I’m pregnant.” He froze, his feet coming to a halt when his body was diagonal to yours. . . . “I… I’m… I’m preg…nant… Kylo, I’m pregnant.” Your confession had stopped him dead. Sex had been one thing entirely. And when you had uttered out that phrase—I love you—he had felt his chest clench, his stomach burn. Who could love him, when so many called him a monster? And now he could think only of Supreme Leader’s teachings. Sentiment had been the downfall of the Empire. The father’s inability to kill the son. He imagined a child, so small, looking upon him. Relying upon him. With a shudder, he seized hold of his lightsaber. He raised his hand, freezing you in place when he noticed the muscles in your legs tensing. “Nothing is wrong,” he spoke calmly. Your eyes glazed over, your mind relaxing. It was the only mercy he could show as he activated his lightsaber, cutting through your body. Feeling the Force abandoning you and the unborn child that had been growing inside of you—for how long? He shook away the thought, shuddering again. How wrong . The plasma blade disappeared, the hilt falling to the ground with a clatter. Kylo Ren squatted, slipping his arms underneath your tattered remains and scooping you up. He held you tightly to his chest; your charred wound did not bleed. All who walked by him would later have no memory of the event, of seeing you being carried to the incinerator. There Kylo Ren deposited you onto the slab. He, having removed his helmet, ran a hand through your hair and allowed himself a final kiss on your lips. He backed away, retrieved his helmet, and put on his mask while he watched you burn. Kylo Ren reached into his robes, withdrawing a small canister that he deposited your ashes into. Always with him, where he could touch you. Hold you. At his side—forever.