“Is that a droid?” Kylo had asked, pointing at a wrecked droid that looked like it was already falling apart in the corner of Hux’s quarters. The one thing that was messy in the whole room. Hux glanced at it and sighed, sitting down in his chair, wondering where to start. “If you really wish to know about it, then you may look into my mind.” He already trusted Kylo enough not to dig too deep, their relationship deepening as days passed, relaxing as he felt the familiar push of the Force in his mind. Armitage Hux was a lonely child. He watched the other children play, tripping, getting scrapes and cuts. And always, a lovely mother to come and help them, to heal and comfort their pain. He had nothing like that. Everyday he treated his own cuts, biting back the whimpers of pain so his father wouldn’t hear. When he walked back home from school, he had to make his own meals, he had to endure his father yelling at him constantly. An idea came to him after watching a nannybot take their charge home, instead of going home he rushed to the nearest junkyard. It took him weeks to build her; failed activations, sparking wires, overflowing cooling fluid. But he had done it. A droid made from rusty steel and worn out wiring. A mother. She was slightly broken, and he couldn’t quite get her speech module right, but she was his creation. With a bit of basic programming, he was able to give it some form of autonomy, his eyes bright as it turned on. [Activating protocol ‘Caring’] [Loading. Checking functionality of all limbs.] His father would be so proud, none of the other kids could build a droid on their own. ( Albeit from spare parts, but still! ) “Good mor ning, Hux, are you hap py today?” Her voice glitched every now and then, but it was warm and kind, the sound startling him out of his thoughts. “Y-Yes! I’m happy today, very happy.” Hux could feel tears pooling in the corners of his eyes, “How about you, are you happy today, mother?” She looked at her hands, getting up and smiling at Hux, “I’m also very happy to day , Hux, today is your tenth birth day isn’t it? We should cele -celebrate.” Ah, a minor repeating glitch, but that could be fixed. He’d never celebrated his birthdays before, and the very idea made him excited, “Let’s play games!” “Of course, Hux.” She said smilingly, sitting down on the floor, programmed to play games like Dejarik and the like. Halfway through their third round of Dejarik, Hux heard the front door open and close, the heavy footsteps of his father approaching his room. Hux hurriedly made his mother stand up so he could present her, holding her hand with a bright smile. The door opened, and Brendol Hux stepped inside, still wearing his uniform, frowning, “Boy, what is this... thing in your room?” He didn’t sound happy, but he wasn’t angry either, so Hux took that as a good sign. Grinning widely, he explained in rushed words, gesturing excitedly, “It’s a droid, father! I made it myself, she’s a bit damaged, but I can fix her with the right tools. I programmed her with the ‘Caring’ program I made myself, kind of like a mother! Isn’t she-” There was the loud, terrible sound of a blaster going off and everything seemed to slow down. Hux felt the droid’s hand slip out from his own, turning to look at her as she crumpled to the floor, a hole where her main processor was. His eyes widened in horror, falling onto his knees to hold the droid close, “Mother!” Hux cried out, panicking, tears trailing down his cheeks. “ Aaaar e you ha-ha ppy today today ...Hux... happytodaaaay ...” The droid spoke as its mechanisms started to fail one by one, the voice module the last one to go. He could feel the cooling fluid pouring through the gaps of his fingers, feeling himself go numb, trembling. “I expect to never see that thing in this house again, boy .” Hux could hear the sneer in his voice before he left, leaving him still clutching desperately at the droid. Rage replaced his anguish, his fingers digging into the patches of synth skin that he’d found. Hux had never wanted anyone dead before. Until now. “Oh.” “Yes, ‘oh’.” Hux said dryly, seeing the other’s sad expression, “Don’t look at me like that, it’s been years since it happened.” “Then why haven’t you had her fixed? It could be done easily, you have the resources to do so.” Kylo asked, confused, disturbed by what he had seen. “I’ve been meaning to, but I just haven’t found the time.” He paused, “But, come to think of it, I don’t think I’ll be needing her anymore.” Kylo’s frown deepened, “Why not?” His fingers were itching to fix the droid, years of tinkering when he was a child made him adept at fixing things. Hux gave a soft huff and raised an eyebrow, “Because I already have you , you humongous idiot. Now that I think back to it, I just needed someone that could take care of me and love me. I expect that you have no qualms about this?” The Force user had gone an interesting shade of red, Hux thought it was rather attractive on him, “None at all! I would love to take care of you. And...I love you, Hux.” The general could see the hint of a grin on Kylo’s lips, rolling his eyes, getting up from the chair and tugging Kylo onto the bed beside him. “Pfassking idiot.” He murmured fondly, pressing their lips together, "I know."