Weak knees. A blur of lights in the Finalizer’s meeting room. A slurry of voices from far away, the ground dropping from beneath him, and then - nothing. That's all Hux remembers. When he tries to sit up, his body refuses to obey; his muscles have transformed into useless jelly and his joints throb with a cold ache that emanates from the centre of his bones. Worst of all is the headache, which feels as though someone has installed a powerful pump somewhere deep inside his skull and is using it to slowly increase the pressure in his head and face. What in the name of Waru happened to him? The effort it costs him to crack open one eye nearly exceeds his available energy resources, but somehow he manages to do it. He sees that he's lying in his own bed, pajama-clad and sprawled in the middle of the mattress, with his head on his own pillow and a thin red blanket tangled around his legs. Beneath him, his black silk sheets are soaked with sweat. Ugh. He considers trying to say something – just what, and to whom, he isn't sure - but he opts against this when he becomes aware of the current condition of his throat. Not only is it clogged with mucus, but it feels as if he's just swallowed a dozen razor blades. Instead of attempting to speak, he decides that his best course of action is to emit a long, drawn-out groan. A familiar voice from somewhere nearby responds to his non-word. “Good. You're awake.” Once again Hux struggles to sit up, but a rush of dizziness forces him back into a supine position. His head is still throbbing and his limbs weigh a thousand pounds. He pulls open his other eye just enough to squint at the dark shape that looms at the end of the bed. He coughs. “Who’s there?" The words come out in a barely audible croak. "Shhh." The shape makes its way to the side of Hux's bed. It extends a hand and gently strokes his cheek. Recognition strikes Hux and he blinks hard, trying to clear his blurry vision. “Is that - “ The shape nods. “It’s me." Ren. Hux isn't sure whether to feel trepidatious or relieved. On one hand, Ren will be able to explain Hux's current state of being, and he might even have the power to do something about it. On the other, however, Ren's idea of ‘doing something about it’ might be drastically - and alarmingly - different from his own. He blinks a few more times until Ren's face finally swims into view. His eyes are wide and dark as he leans over Hux and brushes a few damp strands of hair away from Hux's left temple. “You’re all sweaty,” he says. Hux sniffles. “A brilliant observation.” His voice is still nothing more than a feeble rasp, and he coughs again in an attempt to clear his throat. “Perhaps you'd be so kind as to tell me why I'm all sweaty? And while you're at it, perhaps you could provide me with an in-depth explanation as to exactly what happened?” Hux is fairly certain he knows what the answer to this question will be. He has been feeling under the weather for a couple of days now, plagued by a stuffy nose, a sore throat, and increasingly frequent dizzy spells. Two nights ago, when he and Ren last fucked, Hux had been tired, listless and largely disinterested. Ren had taken this as a personal slight, and Hux had spent most of the night holding him and stroking his hair, reassuring him that he was still as appealing as ever and that Hux was probably just coming down with the flu-like virus that was going around the ship. To Hux's dismay, it appears that he had been correct. Ren crosses over to the ‘fresher adjacent to Hux's bedroom. “You fainted,” he says, as he turns on the water. His tone is matter-of-fact, as though Hux losing consciousness is a phenomenon that occurs on a daily basis. “In that meeting. In front of everyone.” “How do you know? You weren't even at that meeting. You don't come to any meetings.” “I was waiting for you outside the door,” Ren explains. “I felt your mind go out right before you collapsed. I caught you with the Force before you hit the ground.” So. Not only did Hux's highest-ranking officers see him pass out like a frightened stormtrooper undergoing his first kill simulation, but they also witnessed him floating in midair at the front of the meeting room, buoyed aloft by Ren’s power. Brilliant. Just brilliant. “If I was in the meeting room when I fainted - ‘in front of everyone’, as you put it - perhaps you would enlighten me as to how I came to be here in my quarters?” The water shuts off. “I carried you here,” Ren says. He comes out of the ‘fresher with something in his hand. “Over my shoulder. You were so feverish that you were dripping with sweat. I had to take off all your clothes.” Hux frowns. “I don't remember any of this.” “I'm not surprised. You were kind of -- out of it.” “My apologies,” Hux says, rolling his eyes. “Next time I lose consciousness, I will endeavour to be immediately alert upon awakening.” “That would be helpful.” Hux is about to reply to this smart-assed remark when Ren reaches over and presses something to Hux's forehead. It’s a cloth, dripping wet and so cold that Ren may as well have driven an icicle straight into Hux's brain. He cries out, recoiling. Ren startles and drops the cloth, which lands on Hux's thigh with a soft ‘plop’. A splotch of freezing water soaks through his pajama pants. “What are you doing?” he croaks, coughing hard. His own shout of alarm has aggravated his sore throat, which now feels as though it's on fire. Ren scowls. “I'm keeping you cool,” he says, sounding as though Hux has injured him in some way. “That's what you're supposed to do when someone has a fever.” “Not like that!” Hux picks up the sopping cloth and thrusts it at Ren. “What did you do, douse this in ice water? Get rid of it!” He watches as Ren, who is still scowling, pinches the corner of the cloth between his thumb and forefinger and carries it back into the ‘fresher. Irritation pricks at him when he sees the trail of messy drips Ren leaves on the polished floor. A sneeze tickles the back of his nose. He reaches for the box of disposable tissues he keeps on the nightstand beside his bed, only to find that it's empty. To his disgust, he's forced to sneeze into the crook of his elbow. “Ren!” he calls, as loudly as his sore throat will allow. “Ren!” Ren pokes his head out of the ‘fresher. “What?” “I need some more of these,” Hux says, holding up the empty tissue box. “Bring me another box at once.” Ren frowns, but does as Hux asks. He disappears back into the ‘fresher and returns with the box of tissues that Hux keeps on the back of the toilet. He marches over to Hux's bed and drops the new box onto the nightstand. “Here,” he says, a little shortly. He picks up the old box and flattens it between his massive palms. It makes a crunching sound that hurts Hux's ears. As Ren crosses the room in the direction of the recycling chute, Hux pulls a tissue out of the new box and dabs at his nose. “Now,” he says, addressing Ren. “Perhaps you could continue your useful streak and summon the physician?” Ren looks mystified. “The physician?” “Yes, Ren. The physician. The officer who has been trained to diagnose and treat illness and injury.” The feeling of pressure in his head and face is building again. “I assume you’ve been cared for by a physician at some point during your thirty years of life? Or is illness not something you experience?” Ren scowls again. “I get sick,” he says, his tone petulant. “And it's a lot worse for me than it is for you.” “Why is that?” “Because you don't make things explode or fly across the room whenever you cough or sneeze too hard.” He lifts his chin, daring Hux to challenge this statement. Hux says nothing. He has witnessed the shattering of objects that occurs whenever Ren experiences an especially intense orgasm, and he realizes that the loss of control which accompanies a potent sneeze or cough could plausibly produce a similar result. Ren, who apparently realizes that he has won the argument before it even had a chance to begin, shoots Hux a satisfied look. “Anyway, you don't need a physician to take care of you,” he says, dropping the flattened box into the recycling chute. “You have someone better.” Hux’s eyebrows shoot up. This has the unintended and unfortunate effect of further worsening his headache. “Oh? And who might that be?” “Me.” This proclamation is so ludicrous that Hux snorts out loud, which sends him into a prolonged coughing fit that scratches the back of his tender throat. “And just what training have you undergone, Ren, that would qualify you to look after me while I’m ill?” he asks, as soon as he has recovered what remains of his voice. “I don't need training,” Ren insists. He closes the recycling chute door. “I know what to do.” Hux scoffs. “As your idea of ‘knowing what to do’ seems to involve soaking me with ice water and failing to ensure that I have a sufficient supply of tissues, I would debate that statement.” He coughs again. “You'll forgive me, therefore, for reiterating my request to be examined by someone with the proper qualifications.” Something furry and orange leaps up onto the bed: Millicent, who seems perplexed as to why Hux is home in the middle of the day. She pads across the mattress and nudges at his hand. Hux drops the tissue he’s holding into the wastebasket beside his bed and gives Millicent a cursory pat. She glares at him, apparently finding his ministrations unsatisfactory, but curls up beside him and closes her eyes all the same. Hux settles back against the headboard and picks up his datapad from the nightstand. “If you don't want to send for the physician yourself, fetch me my comm,” he tells Ren, switching the datapad on. “It’s in my coat pocket, which is - “ He stops mid-sentence. “Ren, where is my coat? And where are the rest of my clothes, for that matter?” Ren points across the room to a shapeless lump on the floor near Hux's desk. “Over there. I’ll find the comm for you.” Despite the fact that Hux's distance vision is still slightly blurred, he can see a single striped greatcoat sleeve poking out from somewhere near the bottom of the lump. Perched on top of the entire sloppy pile is Ren's helmet. A fresh twinge of annoyance pinches at him: what would possess Ren to toss Hux’s clothes on the floor instead of hanging them up? Ren knows Hux loathes it when he does that with his own clothes. And why in the galaxy’s name would he allow Hux’s uniform to come into contact with that helmet , which is probably dirty and sweaty and crusted with who-knows-what? Hux sighs. He decides he can wait to chastise Ren for his slovenliness. At this point in time, he has more pressing matters to attend to. “Well, that's something, at least,” he says." He flicks his gaze down toward his datapad. “I'll go over these stats while I wait for -” “What are you doing?” Ren's voice is suddenly sharp. Hux bristles. No one is permitted to speak to him like that, not even Ren. Especially not Ren. “I am working, Ren,” he says, speaking as though he were addressing a subordinate who had just asked him a foolish or redundant question. “As is frequently required of someone in my position. I may not be able to return to my post for the time being, but there are plenty of duties I can perform from here.” Ren shakes his head. “You can't work now,” he says. “You need to go back to sleep.” “I will make that determination for myself.” Hux sniffles and runs his index finger over his datapad screen, which springs to blue-green life in his hands. The holographic program icons it projects seem unnaturally bright, and they exacerbate Hux's headache, but he forces himself to select one regardless. He has just begun to scroll through a list of battle simulation statistics graphs when the datapad shoots out of his grasp. “What the - ?” It arcs across the room to Ren, who catches it neatly in one hand and switches it off. The pounding in Hux's head increases even further. “Ren,” he says, injecting as much warning into his raspy voice as he can. “Give that back. Now.” Ren glares at him. “No. You can’t have it until you've rested.” He strides over to Hux's wardrobe, opens the door, and places the datapad on the top shelf. With a bit of a flourish, he covers it with Hux's spare command cap before closing the door; he is evidently labouring under the delusion that Hux is unfamiliar with the concept of object permanence. This development does not please Hux. He considers stumbling out of bed and retrieving the datapad, but it doesn't take him long to decide against this. The sullen, determined expression on Ren's face tells Hux that an attempt at recovering his personal property - or endeavouring to perform any kind of productive work, for that matter - would be an exercise in futility. He scowls. Not for the first time, he curses Ren’s Force abilities and his willingness to use them to enforce his own poorly contemplated decisions. Hux rolls his eyes again. “Fine,” he says, coughing. “Since you won't let me work and you seem determined to look after me yourself, I assume you have some sort of idea in mind? Perhaps one that involves using your powers to eliminate my illness?” Hux tries not to sound too hopeful when he says this. He doesn't want to give the impression that he's willing to rely on Ren’s sorcery to solve problems, even though in this particularly miserable instance, he very much is. To Hux’s annoyance, however, Ren shakes his head. “I can't use the Force to cure you,” he says. He comes over and seats himself cross-legged on the end of Hux's bed. The soles of his feet, Hux observes, are none too clean. “There's no way I can kill the billions of germs that are in your body right now.” “Mmm. I suppose it would be rather difficult to wrap the Force around their little microscopic necks, wouldn't it.” Ren glares; evidently he doesn't appreciate Hux's humour. “If I tried to use the Force to destroy all your virus-infected cells, I could end up killing your healthy cells as well,” he says. “That's not a risk I'm willing to take.” The fact that Ren seems to be familiar with basic cellular biology surprises Hux. He himself has studied the subject as part of his research for the stormtrooper program, and he wonders where Ren obtained his knowledge. Was it something he learned years ago, back when he was still Ben Solo? It doesn't seem like the sort of topic the Supreme Leader would cover during their mysterious ‘training sessions.’ Ren interrupts Hux’s line of internal questioning. “I did go to school, you know. For a while,” he says. His expression is dark, as though Hux has offended him. “I was good at science.” “Ah. And were you as good at science as you are at listening in on my thoughts?” “I only do that when I'm worried about you. Like now.” Although he claims to be worried, his expression is still angry. “When I caught you back in the meeting room, your fever was so high. So high. Your whole body was drenched in sweat, and your mind? It was just -- fuck, , Hux." He rakes his fingers through his hair. "Your thoughts were a mess. They had all melted together into this -- stew , and everything was so thick and blurry, and it -- scared me." He shifts on the bed. “I used the Force to bring your temperature down. I wasn't even sure it would work, and I was afraid that I might lower it too much and cause --” He shakes his head once more. “No. I can't. I’m not going to use it on you again. Not to try and cure you, not to treat your symptoms, not for anything.” I’m not going to use it on you again. Not for anything. Hux does not respond to this statement right away. He closes his eyes and performs a mental scan of his body. The pounding in his head has reached an intensity that is nearly unbearable. His throat hurts and his sinuses are filling up again. He’s shivering and his joints are pulsing with bone-deep ache. He's exhausted and uncomfortable and miserable, and it's all because this man - no, this thoughtless child - sitting in front of him has not ensured that he's properly cared for. “Ren.” Ren glances up. “You brought me to my own quarters instead of to medbay.” Hux takes a deep, rattling breath. “You didn't send for a physician. You have no medication with which to treat my symptoms, and you’re either incapable of using or unwilling to use your powers to relieve them. Is this correct?” “I -” “Of course it's correct. And it represents a level of boneheaded stupidity that even you haven't reached to date.” Ren goes as still as a statue. Something - a Force-delivered warning, perhaps - prickles at the back of Hux's neck, but he ignores it. Everything he's wanted to say to Ren since the beginning of this whole debacle is about to come tumbling out, and he'll be damned before he stops that from happening. “Who in their right mind picks up a person who has just fainted - a person whose fever is so high that his thoughts are, in your own words, a ‘mess’ - and doesn't take him to a doctor? You complete and utter fool! ” Ren’s eyebrows drop low on his forehead, but Hux is too ill and too furious to care. He coughs - the hardest, most painful one yet - and presses his fingers to his throbbing temples. “Why? Why don't you ever think, Ren?” he says. He would shout if his sore throat would allow it. A thundercloud crosses Ren's face. Hux knows what's coming, and yet he carries on; he's exasperated to such an extent that he couldn't stop talking even if he wanted to. “Were you just born without the common sense the Maker gave a happabore, or has all that Force power done something to addle your brain?” Hux says, sneering. “Didn't Skywalker ever teach you to --” “SHUT UP!” The door to Hux's wardrobe bangs open with such force that it nearly flies off its hinges. Millicent yowls, hisses, and flees from the bedroom, an orange blur streaking across the floor. Ren leaps off the bed. His massive hands are curled into fists. “Shut. Up,” he repeats, his voice low and dangerous. He glowers at Hux through black pupils blown wide with anger. “Do you realize how ungrateful you are? How ungrateful you always are?” Ren snarls. “I stopped you from hitting the ground when you fainted. I carried you here to your own quarters so you could be comfortable and have some privacy.” He paces back and forth in front of the bed, looking for all the galaxy like a black nexu about to spring. “I brought down that fever because it was turning your mind into fucking sludge , Hux, and how do you thank me? You don't! You never do! For anything! ” “Ren -” But Ren isn't listening. His eyes are dark and glittering, and the power radiating from him is enough to make the hair on the back of Hux's neck stand up. “You know what your problem is, Hux? You know what your fucking problem is? You're so used to everyone obeying you because they have to that you don't even notice that I do things for you because I want to!” He extends a hand toward the mound of clothing on the floor. His helmet sails from the top of the pile and into his waiting grip. He palms it easily and tucks it under one arm. “What are you doing?” Hux demands. “Leaving.” “I sincerely hope that by ‘leaving’ you mean ‘leaving to fetch the physician on duty.’” Ren’s upper lip curls. “If you want to see a doctor, comm medbay yourself.” He releases the clasp on the helmet’s mouthpiece, preparing to put it on. Hux knows he shouldn't say anything more. He knows he should let Ren stomp off to wherever he goes when he's in rage mode and wait for him to come slinking back in an hour or two. That's the way he always operates when Ren gets into a temper. Yet illness and misery and his absolute frustration - no, vexation - with Ren’s lack of forethought make it impossible for him to hold his tongue. “Go on, then,” he says, in what he knows is his most contemptuous tone. “Leave. Go somewhere and throw a tantrum like the ridiculous, unrestrained man-child you -” Ren whirls around and glares at Hux with such rage in his eyes that Hux's mouth snaps shut. “That’s it, Hux,” Ren growls, flinging up his hand, palm outward. His voice rises with every word. “I've had enough. I’ve had enough of you and your insults and your fucking obsession with your fucking army and your fucking work and your fucking self! ” On the word ‘self,’ Ren clenches his extended hand into a fist. Something shoots from the top shelf of the open wardrobe: Hux's datapad. It rockets across the room and smashes into the wall opposite, where it explodes into a thousand pieces. Hux's heart is slamming. He swallows hard, then turns to look at Ren. He's still standing next to the wardrobe with one arm outstretched, chest heaving up and down. Yet the fury Hux expects to see in his eyes isn't there: instead, there's something almost like horror etched on his face. With as much icy dignity as he can summon, Hux sits up in the bed, raises his chin and spits two words at Ren. “Get out.” Ren jams the helmet onto his head, strides from the room, and is gone. As soon as the durasteel doors have slammed shut behind him, Hux releases a breath he hadn't realized he'd been holding. “ Fuck ,” he says, exhaling this into the solitude of the room. The word seems to sum up exactly what he's feeling, and yet he can't quite decide what it is he's feeling. Feverish and sore and utterly exhausted, to be sure, but there's something else there as well, squirming in his gut as though it's trying to get his attention. Guilt? Of course not. He has no reason to feel guilty. Ren's accusations were the product of his own warped perception. Nothing more. Hux flops down onto his pillow and rolls over on his side. He briefly considers getting out of bed to dig his comm out of his greatcoat pocket and send for the doctor on duty, but his head feels too heavy for his neck. When Ren was here, Hux had told him to fetch the comm. Ren was about to do it, and Hux wouldn't have thanked him. The squirming in his gut intensifies. He coughs and blows his nose into the last of the tissues. He decides there's nothing for him to do but attempt to sleep; he doesn't have the energy to retrieve his comm, and Ren has smashed his datapad. From his sideways position on the bed, Hux surveys the damage. There's a mark on the wall where the datapad struck it, and multicoloured wires and pieces of duraplast litter the floor. The sight should make him furious, and perhaps he actually wants it to. Yet no matter how hard he tries, he can't conjure up the rage he wishes he could feel. He closes his eyes and drifts off. The sleep he falls into is shallow and fitful, woven through with dreams of Ren. He sees Ren's mask transform into his handsomely disordered face, which morphs from worried to hurt to enraged to horrified and disappears whenever Hux reaches out to touch it. He envisions himself at the apex of some precipice somewhere, some great duraplast mountain with wires poking out of it and thousands of officers and stormtroopers surrounding him from below, and suddenly he's falling, falling backwards and shouting for Ren to use the Force to catch him, only Ren can't catch him because Hux sent him away, and Hux is about to land in a sea of his own sweat where he'll surely drown, and -- “Hux!” A familiar voice jolts Hux out of his nightmare. He awakens with a gasp; his pajama top is soaked through and his head is throbbing even harder than before, but he's in his own bed, and he's alive. He rolls into a half-sitting, half-reclining position, pulls open his eyes, and looks around. Someone has been in his rooms since he fell asleep. His greatcoat and command cap are hanging from the back of his desk chair, and the rest of his uniform sits on top of the desk itself, each item of clothing folded into a clumsy square. He sits up all the way; he's certain the voice that called his name was Ren's, but there's no sign of him anywhere. Was Ren speaking to him in his head? A noise from the kitchenette adjacent to Hux's bedroom startles him: the sound of cupboard doors slamming and dishes clattering. Hux's first instinct is to call for Ren, until he remembers that Ren isn't there. His heart begins to pound in his chest. He's about to open his nightstand drawer and reach for his blaster when, out of the corner of one eye, he spots something drifting through the air toward him. There's only one person aboard the Finalizer who can make things move like that. Ren. Hux goes limp with relief. The floating object is instantly recognizable: it's a mug that Ren brought back for Hux from a mission some time ago, probably Force-charmed away from an unsuspecting stall keeper in a marketplace on some backwater planet. It's a perfectly ludicrous item, bright orange in colour and emblazoned with a stylized cat face. Hux has always been fond of it, although he's never told Ren as much. The mug drifts to a stop directly in front of Hux, teetering slightly before steadying itself. A thin plume of steam issues from the black-brown liquid inside. Ren steps halfway out of the kitchen. He's wearing nothing but a tight pair of training shorts and his hair is loose around his face. Hux can only assume he was working out, meditating, or both. “Drink that,” Ren orders. Hux reaches out and grasps the hovering mug by the handle. He squints at its contents through his bleary eyes. “What is it?” he asks, coughing. “Some sort of magical Force potion that’ll knock me unconscious so you don't have to deal with me?” “It's not a ‘magical Force potion’,” Ren says. The look he shoots Hux is half eye roll, half glare. “It's tea. The same kind of tea you always have. And I put some of this in it.” He holds up a small white packet. From where he is, Hux can't make out the words printed on it. However, he recognizes it as a type of liquid-soluble fever and flu remedy that medbay keeps in stock. It’s not to be provided to anyone without a doctor's examination and prescription, and for a moment Hux wonders how Ren got hold of it. Then he realizes that if Ren stormed into medbay, loomed over some hapless physician and demanded flu medication through that mask of his, his demand would not likely be denied. Ren’s expression changes. He still looks angry, but now the anger is tempered by something that resembles sheepishness. Hux realizes that Ren must have been listening in on his thoughts again. The flush that appears on Ren's cheeks confirms this. “Just drink it,” he mutters. He turns and marches back to the sink and the sound of clattering crockery resumes. As soon as Ren has disappeared from view, Hux takes a tentative sip of the liquid in the mug. To his embarrassment, he realizes that Ren was telling the truth. The mug contains nothing but his favourite herbal tea, speckled with a few small grains of undissolved medication. He closes his eyes and takes another, longer sip. It's hot, possibly even too hot, but he finds that he doesn't mind. The heat soothes his sore throat, and even the relentless pounding in his head seems to ease up. When he’s finished about half of the tea, he sets the cup down on his nightstand with a little more force than is necessary. It makes a clunking sound that is undoubtedly audible from the kitchen. He hopes it’s audible from the kitchen. Ren appears in the doorway once again, wiping his hands on his shorts. He’s looking at the floor, but his eyes flick up to Hux for a brief moment. “Did it help?” he asks. His gaze shifts back toward the floor. Hux looks across the room at the shattered remains of his datapad. For some reason, he finds that he no longer wants the sight to make him angry. He picks up the half-full cat mug - the silly mug Ren brought home for him just because he knew it would make him smile. Its warmth is solid and comforting in his hands. “Yes,” he says, speaking quietly. “It helped.” He looks over at Ren, who meets his gaze and nods. The nod itself is short and bordering on curt, but there's a certain soft something - relief, perhaps? - in his eyes. Hux sets the cup back on the nightstand, much more gently this time. He pulls the blanket around himself, running its fuzzy edge between his thumb and forefinger. “Ren?” Ren, who was about to head back into the kitchen, pauses. “Thank you,” Hux says. “Not only for the tea, but for all the -- you know -- just -- thank you.” Ren finally turns around. He stares at Hux for a moment, then crosses the room in a few long strides and seats himself on the bed beside Hux once again. He picks up one corner of the blanket and fiddles with it, twisting and untwisting it between his impossibly large fingers. “You're welcome,” he says, a bit gruffly. A familiar ball of fluff leaps up onto the bed: Millicent, who has evidently forgiven Hux and Ren for their noisy fight. She pads over to sniff the contents of Hux's mug and, finding them of no interest, curls up in her favourite spot next to Hux. To make up for his earlier distraction, he gives her an extra-long scratch behind the ears as he sips his tea. Ren clears his throat. “Do you...need anything?” he asks, sounding a bit hesitant. Hux notices that Ren has inched nearer to him on the bed. “I could send for the physician now, or a medi-droid…” “Perhaps later,” Hux says. Truth be told, he would like the doctor to see him, but he decides that it can wait. He's waited this long, after all. He scoots a little closer to Ren, which causes the blanket to slip from his shoulders. After what seems like a moment of deliberation, Ren picks up the fallen blanket and carefully drapes it around Hux, ensuring that it's more secure this time. He slides over until his body is pressed against Hux's side, extends his long legs, and wraps one arm around Hux's upper back. “I will call for a maintenance droid to clean... that up,” Ren says, nodding in the direction of the smashed datapad. This surprises Hux, who hadn't realized that Ren knew how to call for a maintenance droid. Then he studies Ren's face, and he can tell by his worried expression that Ren really doesn't know how. In fact, he hasn't the faintest clue. “You needn't concern yourself with that,” Hux says, suppressing a smile. “I'll take care of it. Later.” They sit side by side in silence for a while. Ren traces his fingers over Hux's upper back as Hux drinks the last few sips of his tea. The sedative in the medication is already beginning to work: he can feel a sort of floaty drowsiness overtaking him. Under normal circumstances, he wouldn't like the idea of relinquishing his consciousness to some drug, but right now he's desperate for some real, undisturbed sleep. When Hux has finished the tea, Ren takes the empty mug and, with a wave of his hand, sends it sailing back into the kitchenette. Hux yawns. “I like watching you do that,” he says, curling back against Ren's arm. “Do what?” “Your thing. Your Force...thing.” Ren nuzzles Hux's neck and jaw. “I’ll do it for you whenever you like.” He pulls Hux closer, turns his face so that their lips are nearly touching, and kisses him. “Stop that. I'm contagious,” Hux tells him, as he kisses back. “I don't care.” Ren mumbles this into Hux's mouth. “Stubborn ass.” “Grouch.” The kiss goes on until Hux has to pull away and cough. His coughing spell turns into another yawn - a longer one this time. Ren, seeing this, eases Hux down onto the pillow, pulls the blanket out from behind him, and drapes it across his upper body. “Ren?” Hux mutters. He rolls onto his side and pulls the blanket up to his neck. “D’you...really make things explode when you cough or sneeze?” Ren doesn't respond right away. Instead, he wiggles in behind Hux, tucking him against his chest spoon-style. He wraps one big arm around him and presses a few soft kisses to the back of his neck. “You're all sweaty,” he says. “A brilliant obvers -- observation,” Hux replies. “Now answer my question, please.” Ren hesitates for a moment. “Yes,” he says, “but don't worry about that. I never get sick.” He pauses again. “Hardly ever.” “Famous -” Hux yawns again - “famous last words.” “Go to sleep, Hux.” ONE WEEK LATER The noise that comes from Ren's mask is one that Hux has never heard before: an odd mechanical honk. He is about to ask Ren if his vocoder is malfunctioning when a sudden disturbing thought strikes him. “Ren,” he says, and he can hear the trepidation in his own voice. “Did you just...sneeze?” Notes: This fic was originally intended to be my half of a collaboration with sakurita94 , who drew these gorgeous illustrations to go along with it. The only thing is that she finished her portion of the collab shortly before (okay, two months before) I managed to get mine done. However, I suppose it's still a collaborative effort - it's just a...non-simultaneous one. Yes. That's what it is. A non-simultaneous collaboration. (Is that a thing? I think it's a thing. If it wasn't before, it is now.) The title comes from a line in "Northern Downpour" by Panic! at the Disco. Many, many thanks to purpleandorangesheep , who served as my beta-reader and staunch cheerleader, and to milarca , who helped me tidy this up!