There was a card on his desk after lunch. It had a rainbow that read, After the rain, there’s a rainbow! He ignored it. The next day there was an ice cream sandwich from the cafeteria. Surprisingly still frozen. He swept it into the trash without a second thought. The third time there was a cat photo (not of his cat, but a generic cat in a fish bowl). Fourth a pink balloon, barely enough helium to drift lazily over his desk. He prodded it away, but it kept coming back to brush against his cheek. He asked around. No one knew what he was talking about. The fifth time he finished an argument with the office douchebag, Kylo Ren. There was no reason for it. He was angry about something else. But it was about him. Darth Tantrum looked close to tears. He would’ve comforted him if he didn’t hate him. His lunch date with Mitaka was cancelled. The young man had been on the wrong end of a chair as it was thrown across the meeting room. Darth Tantrum strikes again. He found a small cactus sitting on his desk. As prickly as himself. He kept this one at the corner of his desk. Ren hovered over him, aggressively throwing around his weight. Nitpicking at every report Hux sent him in the past week. “Didn’t know you were a plant lover, General.” He said as he left to terrorize someone else. The cactus was behind the cat photo. Very few people knew about his garden balcony. Next lunch, he deliberately sat in the line of fire. Ren didn’t know what to do with him. “Can’t you eat somewhere else?” “Mitaka’s not here.” Ren stared at him. His large brows furrowing in confusion. He didn’t touch his lunch. Just listened and stared as Hux talked blandly about the weather, a book he was reading. His favorite restaurant fired the head chef. He was seeing his father over the weekend. There was nothing on his desk when he returned. He smirked as he settled back into his routine. The next day he ignored the giggles and heavy whispers around him. An hour before the office closed for the weekend. He had stuff to do. The giggles got louder. A dozen, bright pink roses were suddenly shoved in his face. Ren was standing at his desk, his face flushed as bright as the petals in the wrapping. His neighbors were ogling. “You take your goddamn time.” He said. Dropping his pen so he could feel the soft petals at his fingertips. The rosy fragrance smelled wonderful. Ren said nothing. His ears bloody red. He seemed a bit tongue-tied. No matter. Hux had enough words for both of them. “Dinner. 8 pm. Ristorante Positano. Don’t be late.” He stood up, roses cradled on the crook of his arm. His fingers curled savagely around the knot of Ren’s tie and yanked him close. Sealing the deal with a kiss. Plenty of tongue.