Rey's Prologue I remember the day we met. And I remember everything we’ve done together. Jess has been my best friend since 5th grade, when we met in Mr. Solo’s class. Jess was a new student and I was the shy girl sitting alone in the front row. I’ll never be able to thank that teacher enough for pairing me up with her that day. “Hi, I’m Jessika! You can call me Jess for short.” My face must have turned bright red; I hated introducing myself to new people. “I’m Rey,” I said quietly. Jess didn’t seem to think much of it thankfully. I still don’t know how she did it, but Jess was the first person that was able to break me out of my shell. Ever since, we’ve been inseparable. We go everywhere and do everything together. It’s as if there hasn’t been a single day that we haven’t spent in each other’s company. Jess was a cute kid when I met her, small hints of her Asian heritage showing in her eyes. As she grew up her looks matured with her already strong personality. Jess is one of the most beautiful people I’ve known. She’s built slender but curvy at the same time, she’s almost exactly my height too. Speaking of myself, I’m nothing much to focus on. I’ve always thought of myself as simple, understated, and under the radar. I try not to stand out in a crowd if you know what I mean. But Jess? She radiates naturally above everyone in a room full of people. She has always captured my attention. I’m not sure when it started exactly. The slow feelings building more and more as this year has gone on. It wasn’t until just recently that I caught myself staring longingly at her as she was dancing at a party that I realized maybe, just maybe, I might be seeing our friendship through different eyes than Jess. And this is where the torture begins. As far as I know, Jess has always been straight as an arrow. She’s dated several guys since we started high school three years ago, each of these relationships ending in emotional turmoil and lots of ice cream. With me at her side, comforting her of course. She knows that because I’m shy I haven’t really dated anyone. She’s always reassured me that I’ll find a guy someday, that everyone goes at their own pace in the dating world. Jess doesn’t know that guys aren’t really my ‘thing.’ Despite how close we are, that’s the one topic I’ve never had the courage to tell her about. I know she would never think less of me for it, after all our tag team of Finn and Poe have been dating happily for close to a year now and Jess has never had a problem with them. My shyness seems to overrule my ability to tell her about it though. Besides, I’m definitely too scared to say anything to her now, and I don’t want to risk losing my best friend. Jess recently started dating a guy from the baseball team. His name is Trent, and in my opinion he’s the worst person on the planet. He’s had such a negative effect on Jess since they got together. He’s a big drinker; I can’t really recall a time when he didn’t have a beer bottle in his hand. She’s always on edge around him, and she’s always with him. We haven’t been hanging out together as much either. Trent seems to be really overbearing; always telling her what she can and can’t do, when she’s allowed to hang out with her friends… I’m not a fan, needless to say. There have been times when it seems like she’s going to tell me something about Trent, and then sees the look in my eyes and stops herself. I feel so sorry for Jess, but being her best friend I could never hate her for dating Trent. I really do think he makes her more unhappy than happy. I’m not sure why she’s still dating that garbage can of a human. Trent is always at Jess’s house when I come over. I think he might feel threatened by me. He always has to make a point of being ‘affectionate’ to her when I’m there, as if to say “this girl belongs to me, not you!” I might be biased, but I always think I see a hint of ‘help me’ written in her eyes when he grabs hold of her. I can’t even express the anger I feel when he’s around. Jess has always been one of the popular girls. She’s notorious for throwing the best parties. She always makes me go to them, probably in hopes that she’ll find me some guy to date. I don’t love going to parties, but I always go to Jess’s. She always lets me crash in her bed when I get too tired of the noise and the people. Aside from her parties, we always have a good time together. We do all the things that typical girls do; makeovers, bedroom dance parties, watch movies, and paint each other’s nails. Jess got me into the habit of smoking. Sometimes I steal her cigarettes from her, and she’ll light another one and blow smoke in my face as punishment. In the summer we spend hours in her pool splashing water at each other and sunbathing on the patio. Everything is always under the watchful eye of Trent now though. He makes me so uncomfortable, almost guilty for being her friend. I love Jess as my best friend, and I know she loves me back. We tell each other every night by text. It started as a joke but now it’s a habit, and something inside me tells me it’s wrong to keep it going, almost as if I’m lying to myself and creating false hope. Being friends with Jess is proving to get more and more difficult as the days go by. Chapter 2 “Rey, hurry up! We’re gonna be late!” Shouted Jess from the kitchen. It was Thursday afternoon, and there was a concert to catch in the park. As Rey hurried to change her shirt, she couldn’t help but try and take a little bit longer than normal. Jess’s boyfriend was joining them, again, and Rey despised his existence. Any less time spent near him was better spent in her opinion. “I’m coming, relax Jess,” Rey said as she strode down the hall from Jess’s bedroom. “Trent’s waiting for us in his car. Do you have the tickets?” “Yeah, they’re in my bag. Let’s go.” The two girls ran out the door, Rey trailing behind to lock the door for Jess. Rey lingered, getting distracted by watching Jess run to the car. She snapped out of it when she realized she was being yelled at to get moving. *** “No-can-do, these tickets are fake. NEXT,” shouted the guard at the concert. Rey knew she shouldn’t have trusted the guy who sold them to her. “Are you serious?!” said Jess. “I can’t believe you got us fake tickets Rey,” hissed Trent as he slid his arm around his girlfriend’s waste. The shear sight of this made Rey shudder and turn away. “I’m sorry, I should have just bought them from the kiosk like everyone else.” Jess could hear the note of embarrassment in Rey’s voice, pushing Trent’s arm away she went to comfort her best friend. “Hey, you didn’t know. It’s not your fault Rey.” Rey felt a small shiver up her spine as Jess reached out to hug her. “I have an idea!” said Jess, “Why don’t we go stand on the big hill behind the park theatre and listen from there? Our own private seating!” They drove to the top of the hill where no one could see them. Trent, being the drunken idiot he was, pulled out his baseball bat and some beers, and started practicing his swing. Jess was the type of person to dance and not care who was watching. She pulled out the blanket they were going to sit on at the concert and started dancing around with it like a cape. Rey stood and watched quietly, trying to concentrate on the music in the background. Jess’s eyes were closed as she twirled with her blanket cape. A thousand thoughts were rushing through Rey’s mind as she took in the dancing girl before her. How could she let herself fall for her own best friend? Then again, how could she stop herself? Everyone liked Jess, all the guys chased after her, and even the girls would compliment her over and over on her looks. To add to Jess’s beauty, she had such a kind personality, she always stood up for everyone and cared about them all so much. Rey knew she was in trouble with her feelings. Sure, she’d had crushes on girls before, but none that were this powerful. So many emotions rushed over her with every move Jess made. She knew that Jess wouldn’t feel the same way, and this was a thought that tormented Rey daily. “Rey, come dance with me!” Jess shouted with her eyes still closed, hips swaying to the dull beat of the music in the distance. “What if I took her place instead?” came from Trent as he dropped his bat and grabbed Jess from behind with more force than necessary. He gave Rey a sly look over his shoulder, as he pressed closer to Jess. Rey had a feeling that Trent knew something was up with her. How could he not notice the longing looks coming from Rey all the time? Jess was more oblivious to it; taking is as meaningful eye contact instead. But Trent saw right through Rey’s almost non-existent cover. “Hey Jess, I think I’m just going to start walking home,” said Rey, obvious discomfort in her voice as Trent’s actions progressed. Jess pushed away from her boyfriend for long enough to run over to Rey and give her a hug before she took off. “Don’t worry about the concert tickets, okay? It’s not big deal. I know you don’t like the crowds anyway. This was still fun, though!” Jess tried to comfort Rey with what she thought was bothering her, still oblivious to Rey’s feelings. “Okay… Thanks Jess.” Rey said as she hugged her best friend back. Their hug seemed to linger a little longer than usual. 'Probably because she thinks it’ll make me feel better,' Rey thought to herself. *** Being alone was Rey’s only piece this summer. No noisy friends to bother her, no obligations to meet. Being alone with her thoughts was what helped Rey feel better after every encounter she had with other people. Rey was definitely an introvert. She could go to parties and socialize if she really wanted to, but usually it was only if Jess was going to be around. Every encounter Rey had with Trent seemed to drain her more and more mentally. This took a major toll on how much time Rey spent outside of her own bedroom; she couldn’t handle interactions with anyone after spending time around him. A small buzz sounded from Rey’s phone as she was just reaching for a book to start reading. Jess always texted her to make sure they both were home safe. ‘Did you make it home ok?’ read the text from Jess. ‘Yeah I’m home safe. Was just about to start reading. Are you home now?’ Rey sent back quickly. ‘I’m home. Trent dropped me off. I hope you’re not worrying too much about the ticket mix-up.. It’s totally fine!! ☺’ Was the text that popped up a few moments later. Rey and Jess were notorious for texting each other back at lightening speed; a talent only shared by best friends. ‘No it’s fine. I’ve just got other stuff going on right now.’ Rey sent back, and slightly regretted it when Jess responded. ‘Like what??’ ‘Nothing important I promise!!’ ‘Are you sure? You seemed really down today. Anything I can do to help? WELL, Rey thought. She would never reveal to Jess what she really wished she would do. Instead she just replied ‘Not really. Maybe ice cream later?’ The response came a minute later; ‘I wish I could, but I have plans with Trent tonight.. I’m sorry Rey. ☹’ Rey looked down at the screen of her phone, a small lump rising in the back of her throat. She knew Jess meant well, but the lack of time she was able to spend with her was starting to get to her. If there was any person who’s company didn’t suck the life out of Rey, it was Jess. Her emotional attachment to Jess only made things worse for Rey. ‘It’s ok. Another night then!’ She typed back quickly. Rey reached for her book again. Instead of reading it though, she simply held it in her hands and closed her eyes for a moment. She let the events of the day rerun through her mind. She kept going back to the thought of Jess dancing around the empty field with her blanket, not a care in the world. How angelic she looked against the slowly setting sun, almost as if she were floating. Then the terrors of Trent ripped through her perfect little fantasy, and she startled herself out of her trance. Or maybe, it was the buzz of Jess’s next reply: ‘I’m hosting a party tomorrow evening, you should come spend the day with me before it starts! Whattaya say??’ Rey took no time to reply, jumping at the chance to spend any alone time with her best friend. ‘Yay I’ll be there!!’ Finally, Rey had a chance to really catch up with Jess, uninterrupted. It had been close to two weeks since they last hung out alone together, and Rey couldn’t wait. For the third time now, Rey turned back to her book, this time opening to the page she last left off at, and was carried away into the story for the rest of the night. *** “Where’s my swimsuit?!” Rey said to no one in particular. She’d need it for swimming with Jess later. Rey’s music was playing quietly in the background as she hurried around her room to get ready. There was no way she was going to be late today. Five minutes and a mismatching swimsuit later, Rey was out the door and on her bike heading to Jess’s house. She had to admit, her mind was reeling as she thought of how to control her feelings around Jess today. It seemed like they were getting more and more out of hand everyday. As Rey became lost in her trance she didn’t even realize that she was already riding up the driveway to Jess’s front door. She hopped off her bike and left it on the ground just by the front step. She didn’t see Trent’s car anywhere, which was a good sign, so she relaxed a little and walked up to the door and knocked. Rey waited somewhat nervously for Jess to answer the door, tucking her hair behind her ear absent-mindedly. Jess opened the door with a huge smile on her face and pulled Rey into a hug. “Your finally here! What took you so long?” she said over Rey’s shoulder. “Couldn’t find my swimsuit,” Rey responded. It was at this moment that a certain rat appeared. Despite his car not being in the driveway as usual, Trent was in Jess’s house. He waddled over and wrapped his arm around Rey’s neck, pulling her in to ruffle up her hair and say, “Long time, no see.” This, of course, made Rey furious, but she kept quiet and instead offered up a sarcastic “Yup!” Jess lived in an older neighbourhood, so her house was rather 70’s. Her parents did a great job of sticking with the retro theme by having funky wallpaper and wood panelling on the walls, and vibrantly coloured furniture in every room. Even Jess’s room stuck with the theme, shag carpet and beigey-green comforter on the bed. Rey liked the retro twist on the modern family home. Jess followed Trent back into the kitchen, leaving Rey to set her bag down in Jess’s room and trail behind them. Walking into the kitchen, Trent was leaning against the counter where Jess was seated, lighting a cigarette. Trent walked past as Rey approached them and bumped Rey’s shoulder. She turned and shot him a look with hidden fury behind it. She popped up onto the counter next to Jess, who was taking a drag on her cigarette. She turned to Rey and gently blew the smoke at her, a small smile creeping onto her face. A gentle tingle started in the pit of Rey’s stomach. She tried her best to hide the sudden onset of feelings by simply smiling back at Jess and glancing down at the cigarette in her hands. Jess raised her hand holding the cigarette and pressed the end to Rey’s lips. Her small grin grew a little as Rey took the cigarette in between her lips. She let go of it and watched as Rey took a drag on it, slowly letting the smoke escape from her mouth. Rey started to question what exactly was going on in Jess’s mind, because she didn’t usually act this way, especially not around Trent. But Trent was already three beers in today, so he didn’t take too much notice. Rey was happy about that. She hated nearly everything about him. Chapter 3 “Let’s go swimming,” Jess offered, “It’s getting so hot out!” She was right; the temperature was getting pretty high for the day. Jess jumped off the counter, pulling Rey with her to go change into their swimsuits. The two girls spent a lot of time with each other so they usually just got changed in Jess’s room, turned away from each other. Jess made her way to her dresser next to her bed while Rey stood in front of the makeup table with her back facing Jess. Rey quickly swapped her clothes for her bikini top and bottoms, feeling slightly self-conscious even though she knew Jess wasn’t looking. She looked up from folding her shirt just as she saw Jess’s reflection in the mirror, pulling her top off over her head. Rey’s eyes lingered silently as she watched Jess pick up her bikini top and tie it around her waste. Rey looked down and continued to fold her shirt and place it back in her bag. She glanced into the mirror again as she stood up, only this time to see that Jess was glancing over her shoulder at Rey as she tied her top around her neck. Rey felt the small tingle in her stomach return as she noticed the slight grin on Jess’s face. She returned the gesture as minimally as she could manage. She couldn’t help but notice Jess’s curves when she turned back around. Rey knew she shouldn’t be staring at her best friend in such a longing way; she was only hurting herself more by keeping her interests locked on Jess. “Ready?” Jess asked from behind her. “Yeah, let’s go,” Rey answered. They grabbed their towels and walked outside. Rey wasn’t surprised to see that Trent was there to greet them, beer bottle in hand, lounging under the umbrella. He stood up and walked over to Jess to inevitably hang off of her again. He kept shooting dark looks at Rey, as if she was some big threat to his manhood. “I’m jumping in first!” Rey shouted to Jess in an attempt to catch her attention. It worked, and Jess tore away from Trent in no time. This gave Rey a very satisfied feeling. “Not if I beat you there!” Jess chimed in. Before anyone could stop her, Rey ran to the pool in time to meet Jess there and they jumped in together. The two came up from under the surface at the same time, looking at each other. Rey smirked playfully at Jess and suddenly splashed her in the face, turning to dive away from her before Jess could react. Rey took a second under the water to open her eyes and turn towards Jess as she swam away. She saw that Jess had started to chase after her. Rey broke the surface and waited for Jess to catch up to her, gathering water in her mouth just in time to spit it in Jess’s face as she came up from below. Jess let out a shriek as the water hit her, and opened her eyes to see an evil grin on Rey’s face. “You’ll pay for that later,” she threatened playfully. And suddenly, Jess was right again. Just as Rey was about to swim away from Jess, she found herself being overtaken by the massive wave that could only be made by that of a jealous boyfriend’s intervention. Before she knew it, Rey watched as Trent swam underneath Jess and hoisted her up on his shoulders. Jess was obviously just as surprised as Rey was at this. “Put me down Trent! I mean it!” Though there was a note of laughter in her demand, Jess was dead serious, glancing at Rey helplessly all the same. Trent reluctantly put his girlfriend down and swam to the opposite end of the pool and climbed out. The girls soon followed suit, going to spread their beach towels on the pool deck and lay down. Rey closed her eyes and took in the warmth of the sun. She was close to being fast asleep when she was startled by a loud crash. She sat up immediately, only to see the culprit was none other than a drunken Trent walking into a table covered in empty pop cans and beer bottles. She glanced over at Jess, who looked slightly concerned at the level of drunkenness of her boyfriend. “He’s just going to his house to grab more beer for tonight,” she said quietly. “You’re gonna let him drive in his condition?!” Rey said back, alarmed. “No don’t worry, he walked here. I would never let him drive in that state, are you kidding me?” *** With Trent out of the house for at least the next hour, Rey and Jess were free to do as they pleased. They headed back in to shower and change back into their clothes. “Will you paint my nails for the party?” Jess asked her once she came back from the bathroom. “What? Oh, yeah of course!” Rey had forgotten that Jess was hosting tonight. “Let’s go paint them in the bathroom.” “What colour do you think would look best with this shirt?” Jess asked. “Hmm… I’d say purple.” “Perfect, that’s what I thought, too!” They both plopped down on the floor of the bathroom, both girls still wearing towels over their wet hair. Rey picked up the bottle of purple polish and reached for Jess’s hand. Out of the corner of her eye, she thought she noticed Jess glancing up at her, her chin resting on her knee as Rey painted her thumbnail. Rey decided she was just seeing things and put the thought out of her mind. Twenty minutes later Jess had a full set of purple nails to go with her outfit. Rey admired her work with pride. She loved painting nails as much as she loved reading; it gave her something quiet to focus on. She was mid-daze when the sound of Jess’s voice pulled her back to reality. “Let me do your makeup as thanks,” she offered. “I don’t know… Are you sure? All I did was paint your nails.” “Oh come on, you always do such a good job, I owe you one! Besides, I have a new colour of lip-gloss I haven’t tried yet, and I think it’ll look really good on you!” Jess stood up and made her way to the bathroom door, turning around slightly and playfully winking at her. Rey couldn’t help but notice the return of the tingling in her stomach, but mentally scolded herself for letting it return. She got up and followed Jess back to her room. “Here, sit.” Jess pointed at the edge of her bed and made Rey take a seat. She climbed up and crossed her legs. Jess went to her makeup table and pulled out a brush and a compact, and brought them over to the bed. “Turn towards me, and stay still.” Jess was good with makeup skills the way Rey was good with painting nails. She always knew what shades looked best on someone and exactly how to contour each individual face perfectly. Rey sat patiently as Jess turned her head this way and that, switching between different powders and creams and brushes. The focus was written on Jess’s face clear as day, you could tell she really knew what she was doing. Jess stood up to exchange items from her makeup table and Rey took a peak in the mirror from behind her. “Oh my god Jess! I didn’t think it was possible for me to look this good.” Rey really was shocked. She almost didn’t recognize herself, but in a good way. Jess had done a phenomenal job making sure that Rey’s facial features were brought out by her work while keeping it simple. It really was a piece of art. “Hang on, I’m not done! Just one final touch!” Jess pulled out her brand new lip-gloss and unscrewed the cap. The furrow in her brow that was there before was now replaced by a softer look. The tingle sitting in Rey’s stomach was growing stronger as Jess leaned closer to focus on Rey’s lips. She gently brushed the gloss across her lower lip, and as Rey was trying to focus elsewhere she couldn’t help but glance at Jess’s face. She found that her gaze was met by what she thought was a confused look in Jess’s eyes staring back at her. The tingling in her stomach turned into a sudden drop and both girls looked away at the same time. Rey was starting to feel overwhelmed. “There, all done!” Jess said. Rey heard a slight waver in Jess’s voice and wondered what was causing her weird behaviour. It was at that moment that they heard the front door open and the footsteps of several people enter the house with the voice of Trent leading the way. Rey looked at her phone and realized they’d lost track of time. “Can you go make sure no one breaks anything? My parents will kill me if they find anything out of place!” Jess had turned to her makeup table and begun working on herself quickly. “Sure thing,” Rey said as she walked out of the room. *** Trent had put on music and everyone was either sitting or standing around Jess’s living room. Most people were off in conversation holding their drinks or smoking. Rey was plopped down on the couch next to Finn and Poe. Finn was almost as close with Rey as Jess was, and also the only other person to know anything about Rey’s feelings for Jess. “So, how’s your day with Jess been?” Finn said with a note of sarcasm in his voice and a cheeky smile on his face. This made Rey blush instantly; wishing he’d kept his voice down. “Uh, it’s been good,” Rey responded, “we went swimming.” Rey was glad Poe was locked into another conversation behind her, completely oblivious to what she was saying to Finn. “Sounds like fun!” Finn replied earnestly. The door to the hallway opened and in walked Jess. Rey couldn’t tear her eyes away from her as she sat down on the carpet next to one of her other friends and struck up a conversation. When Rey finally turned back to Finn, she had a look of embarrassment on her face. “Oh girl, you’ve got it bad.” Finn said, a sympathetic look in his eyes. Rey looked down, “I know,” she said quietly. Poe turned to Finn and said he was going to go find a snack, so Finn got up with him and the two disappeared into the kitchen, leaving Rey to sit alone on the couch. She was looking down into her almost full cup when she felt someone sit down next to her. “I was waiting for them to leave so I could come sit next to you,” said Jess quietly. Rey was a little surprised by this, usually Jess stayed distracted by her other friends. “Welcome to the Rey party, sitting on the couch by myself!” Rey said sarcastically. Jess reached over and grabbed her hand at this. Rey almost didn’t notice the increase of the tingling in her stomach for the one-thousandth time that day. “Oh, don’t be like that. You were just talking to Finn!” Jess let go of Rey’s hand and rested her head on the couch pillows. “So you wanna know what Snap just told me?” “What?” “Oh, only that he was out the other day and saw Hux and Ren together at the park, wearing their ridiculous black costumes and holding hands!” Jess burst into laughter. “Wait, seriously?!” Rey responded, and joined Jess in laughter. Hux and Ren were the two biggest losers they knew. They’d started calling themselves the First Order with their friend Phasma. It was only funny because half the time it seemed like they really hated each other, but had no other friends so they stuck together. Rey had a feeling they’d end up together, and she was right. “I knew they’d end up together at some point!” “I think the whole school did,” said Jess. Her eyes were locked on Rey now. Suddenly Jess was yanked up off the couch. Trent had come up behind her and wrapped himself around her. He was even more drunk that he had been before. He started running his hands all over Jess in front of everyone, to which she was obviously in protest. Rey’s smile had faded and she was looking away awkwardly again, trying to distract herself with whatever she could. Jess was looking at Rey helplessly as she struggled to free herself from Trent’s grasp. “Get off me Trent!” Jess yelled at him. The room went silent as he finally let go of his girlfriend. Jess plunked herself down on the couch next to Rey again and let out a big sigh with stress written in her eyes. The sounds in the room returned as conversations resumed. Rey absently took a sip of her drink. Trent was staring her down from across the room as he took another sip of his beer. Chapter 4 Most of the people had cleared out of Jess’s house and gone to continue the party elsewhere. Rey had gone to sit in Jess’s room for a little bit to clear her head. When she came back out she noticed that Finn and Poe were the last guests to stay, but they were just leaving. Jess was nowhere in sight. “Have you guys seen Jess?” Rey asked as they were walking out the front door. “I think I saw her go down there,” Poe said, pointing down the hallway to the living room. “We’ve gotta go Finn, we’re late to dinner.” “Bye Rey! Tell Jess thanks from us for hosting!” Finn said as he closed the door behind him. Rey turned and made her way slowly down the hall, peaking in each of the rooms as she passed by them. No Jess anywhere. She reached the living room door and pushed it open, only to be greeted by the lovely sight of Trent sleeping in a chair. Rey tiptoed around him, still not seeing Jess, and made her way to the sliding glass door that lead to the pool. Outside, Jess was sitting with her back to the house, feet in the pool, looking quite forlorn. Rey walked up behind her slowly, sat down next to her and stuck her feet in the water. Both girls stayed quiet. Jess leaned over and rested her head on Rey’s shoulder. Rey’s heart thrummed in her chest. They stayed like that for a few minutes. Rey felt Jess’s head stir, and she glanced in her direction. Jess glanced up towards Rey and shifted her head again. 'What’s she doing? Is she thinking what I’m thinking? She can’t possibly be thinking about kissing me. I’m going insane,' Rey thought to herself. Jess lifted her head off Rey’s shoulder and they simultaneously glanced at each other, both looking away quickly. 'This isn’t happening, is it? Is this seriously happening?' Hundreds of questions about the day’s events were rushing through her head. They both looked up at each other again. There seemed to be a silent mutual decision, as both girls glanced down at the other’s lips and back up to their eyes. They started leaning in closer to each other, their faces mere inches apart. Suddenly, Rey was yanked back by her hair, thrown aside and hit her head on a sharp rock in the garden. She heard muffled yelling coming from a deeper voice than Jess. Trent had woken up from his nap. “Of all people, her?! Don’t even try to defend yourself in front of me!” Rey’s head was pounding as she opened her eyes. Her vision focused and she turned her head to look in Jess’s direction. She was standing there with tears in her eyes while Trent was yelling obscenities at her. Rey slowly tried to sit up as the throbbing eased off. “How could you do this to me? What were you thinking? Don’t even say anything, you’ve done enough already!” Rey stood up, anger building up in her chest. The pure adrenaline pushing her forward, she came up behind Trent and swung. He fell to the ground with a crash and Rey jumped on top of him. Punch after punch landed on Trent’s face as Rey let out all of her built up anger and jealousy on him. Jess ran over and tried to pull Rey off of him. Trent was unconscious. She was finally able to yank Rey off of him. She took Rey’s face in her hands with tears in her eyes and ran her thumb across Rey’s bloody lip. Rey looked dazed, with a gash on her forehead and a bruise forming on her cheek. They both looked in each other’s eyes, and then down at their lips. There was finally nothing stopping them from kissing, hungrily and passionately. Rey’s heart was beating stronger and faster than it ever had before, the tingling in her stomach spreading warmth throughout her entire body. Jess’s touch was electric, and it was everything Rey had ever dreamt of. When they finally parted, their foreheads rested against each other for a moment. The girls slid into the easiest, warmest, most sincere hug they’d ever shared. “So what do we do with him now?” Rey said with a small chuckle in her voice. “Maybe you shouldn’t be here when he wakes up,” said Jess, “I don’t want him touching you again.” Rey packed up her bag and gave Jess one final kiss before hopping on her bike and heading back home. She couldn’t help but notice the return of the throbbing in her forehead. Despite the pain, Rey had never been happier in her life. *** The next day she was back at Jess’s house, this time with no Trent in sight. Things started out a little bit awkwardly, neither girl sure when to let go when hugging each other. It started to become easier as they realized that they were both still the same people they had been before. Rey’s shyness was still taking over her, but Jess easily helped her break out of it through honest conversation. They were lounging on Jess’s bedroom floor where she’d spread out her comforter to make a little movie-watching nest for the two of them. “When did you realize…?” Jess didn’t even have to finish her question for Rey to understand what she meant. “Well,” Rey paused for a moment, looking at Jess to reassure herself she wasn’t dreaming. “I’ve known that I like girls since we were in grade 8. I never told anyone because I was scared of being judged. I did tell Finn though, because he’s dating Poe.” “Oh Rey,” Jess said, “You know you could have told me. But you know what I’m talking about…” “Yeah I know. Well I guess it was around the beginning of grade 11? We went to Snap’s party, and you were dancing with those other girls from your gym class? Anyway, I was sitting aside and watching everyone dance, but I guess I couldn’t take my eyes off you and that’s when I realized that I was crushing on my best friend.” Rey was looking down at her hands, away from Jess as her cheeks started to turn red. “I always had a feeling, you know,” said Jess. She reached over and grabbed Rey’s hand as she continued talking. “I never said anything because I didn’t want to scare you. And I was also a little scared to leave Trent, but I don’t have to worry about him anymore, thanks to you.” Jess giggled a little as she remembered her best friend beating up her now ex-boyfriend. “I realized around the time that you were away on vacation last fall, being with you was all I was thinking about.” Rey was still looking down at her hands, and now Jess’s hand, too. She was still taking in everything that happened the previous day, in a slight state of shock. Jess reached up with her other hand and lifted Rey’s chin so that their eyes were level. “I’ve never done this before, Jess.” “I know. We don’t have to rush into anything, okay?” Instead of saying anything in response, Rey nodded her head. Jess pulled her in closer for a hug, and Rey surprised her by kissing her instead. They were both able to relax into it perfectly. They parted and hugged again. It was Jess who spoke up next. “I’m gonna grab us some popcorn. Why don’t you pick out a movie to watch?” “Okay!” Said Rey. She watched Jess walk out of the room, biting her lip. When Jess was out of sight the biggest smile broke out on Rey’s face. She couldn’t imagine a better way to spend her summer than dating her best friend.