Winter was drawing in and it was growing colder, the chill in the air evinced by the extra layer around her shoulders and the stiffness in her knuckles. Rey blinked, lashes fluttering over sleepy eyes as she cast her gaze through the windows across the skyline outside. On a clear night she could just make out the onion dome of the cathedral in the distance. In the daylight the tall cross on its roof would glint in the sun but tonight the sky was hazy and the smoke of a million chimneys hung low over the city. It was already November and if the tea leaves were to be believed, the first snow would soon fall, but for now when she peered down at the street below, it was the familiar rattle of cartwheels over the cobbles that drifted up towards her ears. It was too late for the streetcars to run, and at this hour any decent Muscovite would long since be indoors but there were of course, plenty of indecent folks in this city. Not that a nice girl like Rey wouldn't know anything about that. She sighed and turned her gaze away from the the street below to the book on the table instead. The quiet indoors was broken only by the hushing turn of a page, the stiff paper creaking beneath her fingers and the dim lamplight flickering over the faded print. Rey turned her head from side to side, casting her eyes over the lumpy lines of the printed illustration and yearned for the photographs she saw in library copies of journals that she could otherwise not afford. She squinted and leaned a little closer, taking in every detail of the image in front of her. “Palais du Trocadero,” she intoned, reading the title beneath in a slow, heavily accented voice. Behind her Maz let out a soft chuckle and Rey turned to meet her eyes with a soft smile. The rocking chair creaked as Maz rose stiffly to her feet, clutching her hip and wincing with discomfort. “Are you alright?” Rey asked, concerned but Maz cut her off with a wave of her hand. “Fine, fine,” she uttered as she sloped across the floor towards a small, dented samovar that sat atop a lace decked cabinet. It was part pretension that kept the cabinet covered, but part shame as well, for in spite of the various trappings of elegance and refinery that daubed the small apartment, there was no denying the humble reality of their existence. The apartment was an attic really, private sanctuary from the workshop below, where Maz had lived for years. It was a draughty, narrow space with a low roof, the damp kept at bay by a small fire burning against the inside wall. It small but cozy, filled with oddments of furniture and knick knacks gathered over a lifetime. Over the years, Rey had spent a lot of time in here, sat at this same table as Maz patiently taught her letters, practised writing with her dead husband's pen. Ilya Kanata was cold in the ground, laid to rest beside their only child, a girl with rosebud lips and brown eyes like her father. At one time Rey had slept in the dormitory at the other end of the building, home now to a dozen other girls barely out of childhood who worked on the shop floor. They were peasants mostly, who came and went from the city in search of a fortune that was hard to find in those times. It was piece work, done for a pittance heavily taxed by Unkar Plutt in exchange for board and lodgings and a myriad other expenses that Rey couldn't quite understand. There were others too, women who lived elsewhere with children to feed and clothe and rent to make, but by night the workshop quieted down, save for the whispering chatter of girls who stayed up too late and the drunken caterwauling of their odious overseer. “Encore du the?" Mac croaked in heavily accented French. “Bien sur,” Rey replied with a smile, her pronunciation better but not by much. “Very good,” Maz said, her eyes crinkling at the corners as she smiled right back. It was a game they played sometimes, affecting the airs of the ladies they dressed. Rey was learning French now, under Maz' dubious instruction but it certainly helped her to feel less incompetent as she held the measuring tape to the wrists of wealthy clients who visited their small dressmaking enterprise. Oui, madame, non, madame, tres jolie madame. Maz turned away and tapped the back of her fingers against the samovar. “Warm enough,” she told Rey with a wink, filling a glass with the last of the tea from a chipped porcelain pot that rested on top. “What about you?” Rey asked, watching as Maz spooned a little jam from the bottom of the jar and stirred it into the tea. “Oh, don't mind me, child,” Maz said, shuffling closer and proffering the cup. “It keeps me awake.” Rey took it and sipped the lukewarm tea, smiling up at the old woman as she rested a hand on her shoulder. “Paris,” Maz commented, peering over at the book on the table. “You've been there, haven't you?” Rey asked and Maz hummed. “Oh, many years ago,” Maz said, turning away and heading back to her chair. “When you were a lady's maid,” Rey pressed gently and Maz nodded. “That was a long time ago,” Maz said wistfully. Rey slurped a sticky glob of jam between her lips, pushing it around in her mouth to savor the sweetness as Maz spoke. “Before I married my Ilya.” “I think I'd like to go there more than anywhere else,” Rey said, swivelling back to the image in the book. “Perhaps you will,” Maz said indulgently. “Maybe with Finn?” Rey blushed and for a minute, tried very hard to believe it. Rey had been there almost as long as she could remember, knew well every knot in the wood on those dusty rafters. Many nights she'd fallen asleep at the desk where she studied by lamplight or curled up by the fire while Maz filled her head with stories of Baba Yaga and other monsters. She was older now, and the stories Maz told morphed into tales of her youth that Rey found equally as terrifying and intriguing as any fairytale. These days she had been earning a better living dressing Maz' clients – wealthy ladies who came and went through a separate entrance so that they might never have to sully themselves with the grimy workshop beyond. The old woman's husband had left a small stake in the business, enough to get by and enough to keep Plutt from the old woman's hair. Maz Kanata was, Rey believed, the only person in the world that Unkar Plutt was afraid of. And Unkar Plutt was the only person in the world that Rey was afraid of. “Ooh!” Maz gasped, her face screwing with pain. Rey hurried to her side, her eyes wide with concern. “What is it? Maz?” she uttered, sinking to her knees and taking her hand. Maz shook her head. “It's just wind,” she insisted. “Let me get your medicine,” Rey said, pushing to her feet and crossing the room to a small cabinet in the corner. Hurriedly she plucked out a small blue bottle and unstopped the cork, adding a few drops to a small glass of water before moving back to Maz. “Here, drink it,” she urged as Maz' wizened fingers curled around the glass. Rey watched with hawk eyes as the old woman swallowed the tincture, wincing at the bitter taste as it went down. “Better?” Rey asked gently, taking the empty glass and stroking Maz' brow. Maz nodded, her eyes closed and her breaths slow and shaky as the laudanum took effect. “Better,” she breathed. “Thank you child,” she added after a minute, opening her eyes and smiling a vague, distant smile at Rey. From beyond the door a loud bang made Rey startle, her head snapping towards the sound. "What was that?" she asked, exchanging a look with Maz. "If it's those girls out of bed," Maz tutted but then there was another crash, louder this time and followed by a cacophony of male voices emanating from the workshop below. Rey sat suddenly upright, a shiver working its way down her spine. “What in gods name....?” Maz began to complain, concern marring her brow as unfamiliar voices mingled in with the familiar wail of Unkar Plutt. Rey pushed to her feet and moved towards the door, her back ramrod straight and panic written all over her face. “He's not alone,” she gasped. “Settle,” Maz told her with a wave of her hand, pushing herself up and tottering towards the door. “Stay here, I'll go and see what all the fuss is about.” “No, Maz, you're not well,” Rey warned but the old woman tutted at her and bundled past her toward the door. “Hush, child,” she chided, walking onto the landing with stiff, uneven steps. Rey lingered in the doorway as Maz disappeared down the stairs towards the din emanating through the open door of Plutt's office. As the shouting grew louder and more chaotic, Rey peered anxiously over the banister into the hall as male voices argued below. “This won't stand!” Plutt could be heard bellowing from inside his office. “A gentleman's word is his bond, monsieur,” a mocking voice replied. "You are a gentleman aren't you Mister Plutt?" “I am a close personal friend of magistrate Saltykov,” Plutt retorted angrily. "You'll pay for this, you mark my words!" Rey watched as Maz appeared at the bottom of the stairs, hurrying towards old Stephan – the clerk who'd been here longer than even Rey or Maz. She strained to hear as they spoke in low, hurried tones, Maz' face falling before Stephan hustled her into the office and the door slammed shut behind them. A vague shuffling above caught Rey's attention and she glanced up to see Jessika peeking around the door of the girls' room, meeting Rey's gaze with wide eyes. “What is it?” Jessika asked, scurrying closer. Several other girls followed behind her wearing expressions ranging from curious to concerned, the stairs creaking beneath their bare feet and their nightgowns rustling as they moved closer. “I don't know,” Rey said anxiously. “He's drunk again.” The girls all pressed closer around Rey, leaning over the railing to get a better look as the door to Plutt's office opened. Shadows danced in the long rectangle of light that fell across the hall and Plutt's voice boomed up the stairs. “This is robbery! Robbery!” “Sign the paper, old man,” a sharp voice replied, followed by a series of grunts and the scraping of chair legs across floorboards. “Who's that?” Mila squeaked as a tall figure in a greatcoat and ushanka stomped out of the office before disappearing from view. “Is it the police?” Anna gasped. “No,” Rey said with a shake of her head, her eyes never leaving the spectacle below. “It's the Bolsheviks!” Olga cried and Rey glanced at Jessika with a roll of her eyes to find her friend making the exact same face. “It isn't the Bolsheviks, Olga,” Jessika chided with a scowl. “There's another one,” Anna exclaimed. “He's so big, ” Olga uttered. “You don't think they're going to come up here, do you?” Mila whispered, looking at Rey with wide eyes. Rey scowled at her and shook her head. “Don't be disgusting, Mila,” she replied. “It's one of his debtors,” Jessika said eventually. Rey turned to her, mouth agape. “It isn't?” she stuttered. “It is, he's finally done it,” Jessika told her. “He's driven this place into the ground.” “Holy mother preserve us!” Anna cried. “We'll all be driven out,” Olga whined. “They'll tear this whole place down and turn it into shops. We're all going to be homeless.” “Calm down, Olga,” Jessika snapped. “Maz is coming,” Rey hissed, stepping back onto the landing. “Go, go, go!” she urged with a wave of her hands. They were as a delicate as the mongol hordes as they disappeared back up the stairs, the landing trembling beneath the stomping of panicked feet on the old floorboards. Rey cringed, turning with hunched shoulders to slip back into the sitting room before Maz caught her. Once inside, she prowled to the window for clues but the street was empty and Rey huffed in frustration. “What's going on?” Rey asked as Maz entered, her face pale and her old hands clutched tightly at the shawl around her neck. “He's done it,” she uttered. “Saints alive I can't believe he's done it!” “What?” Rey gasped, stepping closer. "What has he done?" “He's gambled away the business in a card game!” Maz exclaimed, her face screwing up with anguish. “Oh, lord in heaven!” “Hush, hush,” Rey said, catching hold of Maz' shoulders and catching her as she swayed. “Sit down, it's alright,” she breathed, guiding Maz back to her chair. “It's going to be alright.” “That....beast!” Maz cried, shaking her head. More voices from below, the heavy stomp of boots and the low rumble of laughter. Rey stepped back out of the door and peered down in time to see two of Olga's Bolsheviks dragging a red faced Plutt out of his office. Behind them, a tall red headed man emerged clutching a document in his hand and laughing uproariously as Plutt screamed and flailed with rage. “Congratulations, Ren,” the red headed man said, turning back to the door as another tall figure emerged. He was a gentleman, that much was obvious from the cut of his coat and the way he strutted out into the middle of the floor like he owned the place. “What do you think?” the man Ren asked, stuffing a smoking cigarillo into his teeth and raising his arms out. He turned in a circle and the red head laughed again. “Very nicely done,” he commented, stepping closer and glancing around. “Though what you're going to do with it, I've no idea.” “Hmmm,” Ren crooned, putting his hands on his hips. “We'll think of something, I'm sure,” he said between his teeth. A moment later he raised his chin and Rey froze in horror as he looked right at her, his dark eyes flashing in the half light. He grinned at her around his cigar and plucked it out of his teeth. “There's a girl up there,” he quipped with a wicked smirk. The red head glanced up towards her and Rey skittered backwards, pressing flat against the wall and her heart pounding in her chest. She took a few, gasping breaths, eyes darting from side to side in a panic before she spun on her heel and fled back into Maz' apartment, locking the door behind her. Chapter 2 Notes: Wow! You guys are amazing. Such a lovely response! Thanks so much! Chapters are a little short for now, while we set the scene. Bear with me, they'll get longer as the story really gets going and I promise it will be worth it in the end. The glorious, smutty end. Hmmmmm. The street car rattled along and Rey swayed in her seat, absently staring at the window as the city rolled by. Even the murmuring of passengers and the ding of the bell was not enough to distract her from the thoughts racing through her mind. She clutched her package to her chest and took a deep breath, sucking her teeth before letting out a long sigh. Through the window she saw that a light flurry of snow was starting to fall, the chattering ladies behind her loud in her ear. “I'm too old, this weather makes my bones ache,” one complained. “It's too damp,” the other commented. “It won't settle.” The car screeched on its rails as it turned a corner and Rey blinked, craning her neck as she glimpsed a familiar face on the street outside. A smile spreading across her face, Rey rose shakily to her feet, clutching at a pole and squeezing through the crowded bodies towards the door. “Excuse me, excuse me,” she chirped as she fought her way to the back. Bracing herself on the pole that stood in the open door, she swung down onto the street and skidded a few staggering steps till she found her feet. “Finn!” she shouted as she drew close but she was still too far away for him to hear. As she got nearer, her smile slipped, observing with concern as two men in greatcoats approached him from the side. She gasped as they caught Finn by the elbows and hustled him down a side street. She darted towards them, boots slipping on the mud as she turned the corner to find the three of them struggling against a wall. “Don't make a fuss,” one of them was threatening as they dragged his resisting form down the crowded alleyway. “Get your hands off me,” Finn spat, flailing against their grip and wrestling as one tried to tug a wad of pamphlets out of his hand. As she got closer, he turned and Rey noted the odd mixture of shame and surprise on his face at her appearance. “Rey!” "Finn what's going on?” Rey cried as she caught up with them. “Oh please, let him go!” she implored the two policeman that had stopped him. “Do you know this man, miss?” one of them asked her gruffly. Rey gulped and wavered for a moment. “He's my cousin,” she lied. “Please. Please let him go,” she implored. “I'll make sure he goes straight home.” The two officers exchanged a look and Rey tried her best to look meek and earnest. One grunted and looked her up and down for a moment. “Alright,” he said after a moment, nodding at his colleague before they released Finn. “Get him home but next time....” “There won't be a next time, officer,” Rey promised. “We'll be having these,” the other one growled, snatching the wad of leaflets from Finn's hand. Rey immediately linked her arm with his and dragged him hastily down the lane. “Thank you,” Finn said, his eyes wide with relief. “What are you doing Finn?” Rey demanded as they paced along the muddy ground. “Why aren't you in school?” “We're striking,” Finn smirked, pulling out another wad of pamphlets and thrusting them out towards the passing crowds. “Finn! Please!” Rey chided, glancing over her shoulder anxiously. “I have to Rey,” he said gravely. “Why do you have to Finn?” She sighed. “For the revolution,” Finn replied and she huffed. “Oh save me from your revolution,” she complained. Finn stopped and took a step back, a look of hurt flashing across his face. “What do you mean by that? Isn't it your revolution too?” he asked. Rey chewed her lip. “Of course it is,” she said, dropping her gaze. "I'm just....I don't want you to get in trouble, Finn." “Why did you tell him I was your cousin?” he murmured a moment later. Rey shrugged. “What else was I supposed to say?” Finn stood a little straighter. “You could have told him the truth,” he told her. “That I'm your fiance.” Rey's lashes fluttered and they stood in silence for a heartbeat. “Rey you know I'm committed to the revolution.” “Yes I know.” Finn took a step closer. “Things will get better Rey, you'll see,” he assured her. “We are going to get married.” Rey met his eyes and gave him a small smile. “Yes Finn,” she said with a nod. He frowned. “What are you doing out anyway? Why aren't you at work?” “Errands,” she said, lifting her bundle. “Oh Finn, I've got so much to tell you. Plutt - he's gone!” “What?” he gasped. “How?” Rey winced. “He...he lost the workshop in a card game....” she began to explain. “That...pig,” he spat as she continued. “And now we've got this new owner and no-one knows what's going on.” Finn clenched his jaw and shook his head. “That's why they sent me out. Had to get them coffee because tea isn't good enough for his lordship,” she said with a shrug. “They're all there now, lawyers and accountants and poor Maz is out of her mind.” “Don't worry, Rey,” he told her, taking hold of her arms and looking her in the eye. “Once we're married, you'll be out of that hole for good.” “What if I lose my position?” she uttered anxiously and Finn moved closer, ducking his head down toward her. “It'll be alright,” he assured her. “I'm going to take care of you.” Rey looked up at the earnestness in his eyes and smiled. “We'll take care of each other,” she agreed. “But....no more of this Finn, please,” she begged, clutching at his bundle of pamphlets and shoving them against his chest. “Worry about your exams first and then you can get on with the revolution.” He smiled and bobbed his head, glancing from side to side in a gesture of contrition. “Alright, alright,” he conceded with a smile, stuffing the pamphlets inside his coat. "Come on, I'll walk you back." “Can you meet me later?” he asked as they shared a cigarette, lingering on the corner a short distance from her door. “I don't know,” she replied. “But I'll see you on Sunday? After church?” She could tell he was repressing his distaste but he didn't voice it, just nodded tightly. “Alright,” he said, giving her a smile. She smiled back. “Here, you finish this,” she replied, handing him the cigarette. “I've been too long already.” Finn moved imperceptibly closer and then hesitated, and for a moment Rey wondered if he was going to kiss her. Her lashes fluttered as he moved closer, his lips landing softly on her forehead instead. “Here,” he said, stuffing one of his pamphlets into her coat pocket. “Maybe you can get some of the girls to come along. It's their revolution too!” Rey shook her head but she was still smiling. “Good bye Finn,” she said a gently chiding tone before turning away and heading into the door. He hovered on the corner and when she glanced back from the steps, he winked before disappearing back into the crowd. xxxx Ren leaned back in his chair, staring up at the damp spots appearing through the peeling plaster on the ceiling above. It was an irredeemable hovel, of that there could be no doubt. It was the vodka, he was sure of it. He never drank vodka, cheap nasty filth, it made him stupid and argumentative. Although, he supposed, as drunken follies went this was not the most reprehensible and it had certainly given him a great deal of pleasure to see that disgusting lout Plutt back in the gutter where he belonged. Still, he found himself now sitting in an uncomfortable chair in this rat hole of an office and that was punishment enough for his sins. The smell of damp on the air was so nauseating he lit another cigarette, this latest acquisition proving to be more of a headache than his hangover. “Madame Kanata, we are aware of your legal interest and I wish to assure that Monsieur Ren intends to honor his obligations.” Hux' voice droned on and Ren exhaled a long smoky sigh, his gaze drifting through the windows to the huddled figures across the street. Ren rubbed the pad of his thumb over the end of his cigarette and watched the girl, infinitely more interesting to him in that moment than the topic of conversation going on around the table. He had come by with the express purpose of signing the papers and had no desire to drag out this tiresome convocation any longer. The girl on the corner was a decidedly more pleasant sight that the anxious, grizzled faces that greeted him should he deign to look across the table. As she turned to look across the street he got a good look at her, the girl on the stairs last night, the one with the big eyes. He took another draw on his cigarette and watched her do the same, the smoke misting heavily in the cold air as she spoke to her companion. A sweetheart, Ren mused, quirking a brow as he watched the boy lean forward to kiss her on the forehead instead of that cupid's bow mouth of hers. “Monsieur Hux,” the old man Stephan was saying. “You must understand that we have several outstanding contracts.” “And I assure you, you will be permitted to fulfil them,” Hux explained. “Sir please be aware, that my clients are my own.” Maz interrupted passionately. Ren took a deep breath and stubbed his cigarette out. “And my stake in the property is my assurance for my retirement, just as it is for Mr Ivanov.” "And we shall of course compensate you adequately in that regard," Hux countered. “No,” he uttered drably, an awkward hush descending over the room. Ren met Maz' eye, not cowed by the fierceness of her expression so much as silently impressed. “Ren,” Hux began. “No,” Ren repeated. “There will be no retirement. Not yet.” He glanced between the two sets of tired old eyes that stared at him across the table with confusion. “Sir?” Stephan prodded cautiously. Ren took a deep breath. “I don't know about you Hux, but I know precisely nothing about textiles, or millinery, or whatever it is they do here,” he drawled. “We make clothes, sir,” Maz informed him cautiously. “Well you'd be in a better position to know than I, Madame Kanata,” he replied and she furrowed her brow thoughtfully. “As you should also know that your previous landlord left a rather sizeable debt against the property.” Ren glanced at Hux as Stephan and Maz likewise exchanged a look. “If we're going to continue with this venture, you're going to have to convince me just how you intend to make me any money.” There was an awkward pause. “We have a number of reputable clients,” Stephan said lamely. “Hmmm,” Ren replied, glancing at Hux who was wearing an expression on the sour side of sceptical. There was a knock at the door and a moment later, the girl from the stairs entered carrying a tray of cups. “Have you given any though to military contracts,” Hux continued but Ren wasn't paying attention, more interested in the girl approaching the table. Well that, and he desperately needed a cup of coffee to ease the pounding behind his eyes. Running his gaze over her, he supposed that he ought to be irritated, standing around smoking on street corners instead of bringing him his coffee. However now that she was here, he found he was rather less than annoyed and more intrigued. She seemed familiar somehow, although he couldn't quite place it. She was quite tall, he noted, and rather thin but not lacking charm. She had big brown eyes surrounded by long lashes, and he found his gaze settling on her lips for longer than was polite. Perhaps there would be some pay off for all the hours spent staring at Unkar Plutt's sweaty face over the card table. When he caught her eye, he considered for a moment that he was likewise the subject of similar scrutiny, no doubt at the behest of the chattering swarm of girls in the workshop that had been whispering about him since he arrived that morning. “Set it down here, Rey,” Maz said and the girl, Rey, dropped her gaze and put the tray down on the table. “Will there be anything else, ma'am....sir,” she uttered hesitantly, stepping back and glancing from Maz to Ren and back again. “No, thank you Rey,” Maz assured her, giving her a tight smile and a nod. “Very good,” Rey uttered, curtseying a little way before turning towards the door. Ren let his eyes track her retreating form as she disappeared from sight. “Who is that?” he asked as Stephan began to pour the coffee. “That is Rey Kenobi, Monsieur,” Maz informed him with the vaguest hint of pride. “My apprentice.” “Hmm,” Ren uttered, stroking his chin and chewing his lip as Stephan set a coffee cup down in front of him. “Of course I'm not sure an enterprise this size is really equipped for it, not without some significant investment.” Hux was still prattling on and Ren stirred a spoon of sugar into his coffee, staring at the door where the girl had just been. “Kenobi. What is that? Ukrainian?” he said, looking at the old woman. “I believe so,” Maz answered. “You believe so?” Ren inquired. “Doesn't she have any family?” “No sir,” Maz replied. "How unfortunate," he commented, lifting his cup to his lips and taking a slow sip. He swallowed it with a grimace and set the cup back down. She was a pretty thing but her coffee was awful. He turned to look at Hux, his acidic drawl spewing into the air like so much noxious gas and compounding the ache in his head. Terrible coffee it may be, but it was going to be a long day, so he lit another cigarette and drank it anyway. Chapter 3 Notes: Spasibo to my special snowflake for being my Russian guru! Rey emerged into the hall to find Olga and Mila loitering by the workshop door, their faces painted with wide eyed mischief. “Well?” Olga urged as she crossed the floor. “Well what?” Rey asked sourly as she approached. “What's he like?” Mila squeaked as Rey slipped past them, the two girls close on her heels. “I don't know,” Rey shrugged. “I just took them coffee.” “Do you all want to get fired?” old Zlata chided, smacking Olga on the back of the head and ushering her back towards her station in a useless effort to prevent the oncoming swarm of girls that flocked towards Rey, hungry for gossip. “I knew it,” Olga said smugly. “Plutt left this place so far in the red we're all going to be out of a job.” “Don't say that Olga,” Rey frowned. “Well if you want to be out of a job, you're going the right way about it,” Zlata growled. Olga pulled a face. “He's handsome, isn't he?” Anna offered from her spot at one of the long tables that lined the workshop. “And rich,” Mila supplied. “Kylo Ren,” fat Marta chimed in from behind. “He's a baron, you know.” “No he's not, Marta,” Jessika snarked. “No, that's his uncle. They have an estate up north, near Rybinsk,” Varvara corrected. “Wasn't he the one that....you know, with Baronness Mikhailova?” Olga asked, trotting closer. “Yuh huh, has a wife in St. Petersburg, ” Vavara told her and a number of girls shuffled towards her with lustful expressions on their faces as she began to share the lurid details. “You shouldn't listen to gossip,” Zlata complained. "By all accounts he's a very respectable gentleman." "They say he's bought and sold half the workshops in Presnya," Marta added with a nod. “He's a gambler, how respectable can he be?” Mila pointed out and Zlata found she didn't have an answer for that. “That's a fair point,” Rey conceded. “Well whatever's going on, Maz is in there trying to convince him not to fire every single one of us,” the old woman said snappishly, smacking Mila and Olga on the back of the head. “So, will you get on with some work” “She's right,” Rey agreed, as Zlata shooed the scandalized girls away from Varvara's table back towards their own. “What do you think's going to happen?” Jessika asked quietly and Rey sighed. “I don't know,” she said with a shake of her head. “I...I've got to get on.” She gave Jessika a tight smile and walked towards the stairs at the far end of the room. Xxx “Please hold still Madame Petrova,” Rey beseeched some time later, hovering behind the portly middle aged lady with a tape measure in hand. “It's my new regimen,” Madame Petrova proclaimed. “Since little Fifi came along, I take two brisk walks every morning and night.” “That's very good, Madame,” Rey replied as she gently lifted the woman's arms. “Isn't she a beauty?” Madame Petrova asked, leaning her head towards Rey and gesturing through the window. Rey turned to see a manservant waiting beside a covered buggy parked outside, an expression of well practiced patience on his face. In his hand he held a straining leash, at the end of which a white toy poodle with a bow in its hair yapped incessantly at other pedestrians making their way down the street. “She's lovely, Madame,” Rey agreed. “Oh you darling girl,” Madame Petrova crooned, putting air kisses around Rey's face and cupping her cheek. “Actually I have something for you.” “Oh?” Rey watched in amusement as Madame Petrova turned and banged on the glass. Rey watched as her beleaguered manservant struggled forward with the dog on one hand and a string wrapped bundle in the other. “I've been getting the house ready for Christmas,” Madame Petrova explained as he entered, taking the package from him with nary a word and letting the door slam against his arm as she turned back to Rey. “And I discovered simply dozens of these in the salon. They were my Maria's but of course now she's gone off to Paris and she won't be needing these old things.” Rey stepped a little closer and accepted the proffered bundle. “La Nouvelle Mode,” Rey read, her brows going up as she flicked her fingernail down the spines of a dozen old copies of French fashion journals. “Madame Petrova!” “I thought of your darling little dresses and wondered if you might not like to have a look at them? They're all from the past year,” she added with with a wide eyed nod. “Thu...thankyou, Madame,” Rey said, flustered. “It's very kind of you.” Madame Petrova smiled so hard her eyes crinkled at the corners. “Now, dis moi ma chere fille,” she said, patting Rey's shoulder. “Comment vont vos etudes?” Eventually Maz returned from her meeting and Rey was dispatched to retrieve several items of Madame Petrova's wardrobe from the buggy outside. She made a point of fussing over the dog, since Maz was always reminding her how it paid to show polite interest in the clients. She didn't mind exactly, she liked dogs as much as the next person. Maybe they'd have one, she and Finn, after they got married. “She's a dear girl,” Rey heard as she carried the garments through the shop and into the workroom, carrying her bundle of magazines with her as she went. Smiling she set them down on a table and began to hang the dresses one by one on a long rail, aware of the door from the workshop creaking open behind her ears. “Stephan Andreyivich, if that's you....” she complained with a sigh halfway between tired and indulgent. “Sneaking in here....” Rey made her way between the shelves towards the small window in the corner. “to smoke your wretched pipe.....oh!” “I do beg your pardon, baryshnya,” a low voice intoned. Miss. Rey stood stone still, rooted to the spot by the same eyes she'd glimpsed at the foot of the stairs the previous night. They were familiar somehow, like maybe they'd met before although she couldn't have said when that might have been. “Monsieur,” she chirped, averting her eyes and curtseying feebly. "Perhaps I should dispose of this," Monsieur Ren uttered. He stepped a little closer, reaching over her shoulder to toss his cigarette through the open window. A moment later and Stephan entered behind him, the red head in tow with a sour expression on his face as he cast his eye about the room. "This is room is leased by Madame Kanata, Monsieur Ren," Stephan volunteered. "So I see," he drawled, staring at Rey. Cautiously she raised her eyes to look at him and after an awkward silence, he spoke. “Mister Ivanov has been giving us a tour,” he explained. “Oh,” Rey commented, gawping at him as he loomed over her. His face was quite odd, she thought, but as she stared at him she decided Anna had not been incorrect in her assessment of him. He had a big nose and high cheekbones that would have been considered beautiful on a woman. Rey hadn't met all that many gentlemen, so she wasn't sure quite what she was supposed to expect. She couldn't help but look at his mouth, full lips that seemed excessively mobile as he spoke. He had these big brown eyes, full of something that she didn't quite know how to define but also sad somehow. And so tall, she mused, her eyes moving down his impossibly long legs to fix on the most ridiculously large pair of feet she'd ever seen. She became aware that he was staring at her with a slight furrow in his brow. “Yes, monsieur,” she stammered with a nervous nod, giving another feeble bow. Ren turned around the room, his eyes moving over the rolls of fabric and mannequins dressed in half finished garments until they settled on Madame Petrova's magazines. He hooked the string on one thick finger and tugged them a little closer. “You speak French,” he queried and Rey gulped, the sour countenance of the one called Hux glowering at her over Monsieur Ren's shoulder. She glanced at Stephan who was giving her an inscrutable look, perhaps almost....pleading? “Very badly, monsieur,” she said again, her tongue refusing to cooperate any further. Ren turned his head back to her and looked her up and down with curious eyes. “Your name is Rey,” he prodded. “Yes,” she confirmed. “From the Ukraine,” he ventured turning to one side and apparently peering down the aisle between some shelves. “Ah...so they tell me,” Rey stuttered. “Hmm,” Ren grunted, ambling between the units and poking at the various items stored on them. “How did you come to be in Moscow?” he asked conversationally. Rey's lashes fluttered. “My parents,” she explained, turning and following him with her eyes. “They brought me here when I was very young.” “And where are they now?” he asked, picking up a spool of black thread and plucking at it with his fingers. “Gone, monsieur,” Rey replied curtly and he glanced at her with sceptical eyes. “Gone?” he queried. “Passed on sir,” she told him coolly. His mouth formed an O of comprehension. “Did you make this?” he deflected, coming to a stop in front of a dressmaker's stand with a half finished gown hanging off it. “Rey has been Madame Kanata's apprentice for some years,” Stephan volunteered, moving a little closer. “Hmm, you have some talent,” he commented and Rey flushed. "Although your coffee leaves something to be desired." “I never drink it, monsieur,” she replied brazenly, inwardly cringing at her own audacity. When she looked at him through his expression seemed somehow less severe than she was expecting, long lashes fluttering over his large, brown eyes. “Do you like working here?” Ren asked. “Umm, yes I suppose so,” Rey said, making a loop with her thumb and forefinger on each hand and idly linking them together. “And what about Mister Plutt?” he probed. “I get the impression that nobody here is sorry to see him go.” Rey paused and chewed her lip. “That sounds about right,” she replied and his lip twitched and although Rey wasn't entirely sure of the expression on his face it seemed something akin to amusement. “Well then I shall endeavor to be less odious than he,” he told her, taking a step to one side. "Where does this go?" he queried, tugging on the handle of a narrow door covered with peeling paint. Rey swallowed. "To Madame Kanata's rooms, monsieur," she said quietly. "Madame Kanata has the lease, monsieur," Stephan reminded him. "Yes, Mr Ivanov, you told me," Ren commented, turning away from the door and stepping back towards Rey. "You lodge here?" he asked, looking her up and down. Rey shifted a little and rubbed the thumb of one hand against the palm of the other. "Yes, monsieur," she said, lashes fluttering as she pulled her eyes away from his penetrating stare and eternally grateful as the clatter of the salon door opening put an end to this discomfiting situation. “Rey, could you....oh, Monsieur,” Maz chuffed, glancing around in surprise at finding three large male bodies crammed between the rolls of fabric and spools of thread. “I beg your pardon but, Rey I need your assistance.” “Yes, madame,” Rey uttered. "Of course," Monsieur Ren muttered, glancing around the room with sudden interest. “Monsieur,” Rey demurred with a slight curtsey before turning towards the door and abandoning the three of them to Maz Kanata's fierce eyes. Chapter 4 The one good thing about God, Finn said, was Sunday afternoons. If Rey had ever thought him sacrilegious, she had never told him. For her it wasn't an issue if other people did or did not believe in God, and if Finn had his reasons, revolutionary or otherwise, that was on his conscience. He didn't tell her not to believe in it, even if he was inclined to express his many criticisms of the Church frequently and at great length. As for Rey, she went every Sunday, and sometimes in the week too and she had always been happy to go. The church was always beautiful and peaceful and at the very least, it was good to get out - away from Plutt and the grind and drudgery of the workshop for those few blissful hours each week. On that afternoon though, church was far from either of their minds. Poe, their best friend and benefactor in all things, had taken them ice skating on the Patriarshy Ponds, frozen now as that winter had finally and truly settled in. The snows came more frequently, ubiquitous banks of ice and slush appearing across the city that never quite melted. “Don't let me go!” she urged, clutching at Poe's arms as she slipped across the ice. He gripped her elbows and furrowed his brow. "Hmm," he mumbled thoughtfully. “Your boots are too big. That's why you can't stand straight.” “Well you'll just have to be my leaning post,” she quipped and Poe chuckled, catching her in an embrace as she fell towards him. “Rey! Poe!” Finn hollered from across the pond and they turned to see him grinning gleefully as he flew past on one leg. He had his arms up in the air and was affecting a pose like a ballet dancer, unaware of the teenage boys skating along innocently in his path. “Bwahaha!” Poe chortled as they crashed together, spinning across the ice and landing in a screaming heap. “Serves him right!” Poe told her with a sly smile. “Always has to show off in front of you.” “Yes, I'm very impressed,” Rey assured him with mock seriousness, watching as Finn tried to disentangle himself from the scrum only to collapse immediately onto his backside. Besides her, Poe was Finn's best and most trusted friend and Rey had come to love him almost as much as she loved Finn himself. The three of them were always together but Rey couldn't say that she minded. It was impolite to discuss it but Finn had confided in her how Poe helped him, with his education, with money and for that Rey would always be grateful. If not for Poe their future might look very different and he was kind and decent and well mannered besides. As the afternoon turned into evening, they tucked themselves away in the corner of a tea shop to warm themselves up after hours on the ice. “Do you want a cake?” Finn asked her and she gave a slight smile. “I don't mind,” she said with a shrug. “You do,” he replied with a frown. “I'll get you a cake.” “We can share one,” she suggested. “Do you want some cake Poe?” “I like cake,” Poe admitted and Finn nodded, rising to his feet. “I'll get a cake,” he said. “Alright,” Rey replied. Finn took two steps away from the table and stopped, spinning on his heel. “What kind of cake?” he asked very seriously. Rey tipped her head back and groaned. “I don't mind,” she said indulgently. “Any cake,” Poe said, swatting Finn hard on the arm. “Heaven help us,” he muttered as they watched Finn slip across the busy cafe towards the counter. “Honestly, he's so....” “No, it's sweet really,” Rey said. Poe's eyes crinkled at the corners. “He really loves you,” he told her and she blushed. “Well that's good,” she replied. “Because I love him too.” “I'm glad,” Poe told her, some unreadable emotion in his eyes. Rey found men to be deeply confusing but she wasn't going to tell Poe that. “He's lucky to have you Poe,” she told him, reaching across the table to take his hand. “You're so good to us.” Poe smiled. “You're important to him,” he told her sincerely. “So you're important to me too.” Rey squeezed his fingers, gratified by the way he squeezed gently back. “Alright,” Finn said as he reappeared at the table. “Lemon pie,” he declared proudly, setting down a plate on the table with an exaggerated flourish. “For mamselle,” he uttered, bowing as he proffered Rey a fork. “Oh, merci,” Rey said primly, taking it from him. “And monsieur,” Finn continued, handing one to Poe. “Et bon appetit,” he finished, seating himself heavily between them and plunging his own through the crust. “So tell me about things, Rey,” Poe said a little while later as she and Finn did battle with their silverware over the last morsel on the plate. “Hah!” Poe crowed, spearing it with his own fork and snatching it up into his mouth. “Hey!” Finn protested as Rey chuckled in amusement. “You mean, at the shop,” Rey replied, taking a sip of her tea. “Finn tells me you've got a new overseer,” he commented and she nodded. “Yes, Mitaka, he's called,” she told him. “Ukrainian,” Finn added. “Oh, well that's good for you, isn't it?” Poe said and she shrugged. “I suppose so,” she answered. “So this Ren is keeping them all on then?” Poe asked. “Yes, he's spending quite a bit of money. New machines, new staff,” Rey explained. “They've got a government contract,” Finn told Poe. “Military uniforms.” “Hmm,” Poe said. “Well I want to say that's good....” “Well it's better than the alternative,” Rey said and Poe could not disagree. “What about Maz?” Poe pressed. “He's not turfing her out?” “He can't,” Rey said. “She has lease, from her husband.” “I see,” Poe nodded. “I think he offered to buy her out,” she explained. “But she refused?” Poe queried. Rey took a thoughtful breath. “I don't really know,” she said after a minute. “She wouldn't talk to me about it. I think she doesn't want me to worry but I'm going to worry anyway.” “Well it doesn't really matter, Finn and I will take care of you,” Poe reminded her. “Yes.” She smiled. “It won't be long now,” Finn said, taking her hand. “Another few months and I'll be done.” “Yes, and it's off to work with you,” Poe said jovially, slapping him on the back and making him slump across the table. “Let's hope you get something close eh,” he added with a grin. “I hate long journeys.” “Well maybe we'll stay in Moscow?” Finn suggested. “I mean, there are teaching positions here.” “There are,” Poe said. “And Rey, then you can keep working,” he said, turning to her. “If you want to.” She smiled. “Well how's that going to work?” Poe asked. “Won't you be having babies left, right and center?” Rey blushed, not missing the nervous gulp that worked its way down Finn's throat. “Well, actually, we er.....we thought we might wait a little while for that,” he muttered awkwardly. Poe nodded his head slowly. “Well...alright,” he said. “I mean, Rey's only seventeen,” Finn said with a slight cough. “So, we've got plenty of time. Haven't we?” he added, taking Rey's hand. She met his eye and nodded, giving him a small smile. Xxx The following week was not like any week that Rey could recall. She'd never seen so much mess on the workshop floor. The new overseer, Mitaka, flapped around barking orders as they took delivery of their new machines. Stephan was tasked with noting the serial numbers and assigning each machine to a particular station, by all accounts so that Mitaka could implement some very modern and efficient system of working. “Apparently that's how they do it abroad,” Jessika commented as they leaned out of the window in the girls' dorm sharing a sneaky cigarette. “In America.” “Look at them down there,” Rey said, nodding at the long line of candidates that wound snake like along the muddy alleyway that led from the main street. “Where are they going to put them?” “They'll come up here,” Anna complained, taking the cigarette from Rey's fingers. She took a cautious draw on and made a funny face in an effort to elegantly, stifle a cough. “We'll all be out of here soon enough,” Jessika said, taking it from her. “Mark my words. This,” she continued, gesturing towards their beds with her head. “It'll be another workshop. Maz'll get moved on too.” “No, she won't go,” Rey told them both. “She's old, she'll give in soon enough,” Jessika warned. “Where will she go? And what about Rey?” Anna looked worried. “Don't worry about me,” Rey said. “You can probably come back on the shop floor, Rey,” Jessika said with a shrug. “Stephan likes you.” “I guess,” Rey murmured. “Zlata's out for blood!” Olga exclaimed, appearing suddenly at the door with her chest heaving and her face flushed red from running up the stairs. “Shit!” Jessika hissed, stubbing the cigarette out on the window ledge and stowing it back in the box. “Give it here,” Rey said, stuffing the packet into her pocket as Jessika pulled the window shut. "Oh, god!" Anna squeaked as they hurried down the stairs. "It's him." Rey peered over the banister to see Stephan and Mr. Mitaka emerging from the office to greet Monsieur Ren. He had that red head with him again, Monsieur Hux, who was standing with his hands on his hips glancing around the chaos of the workshop with an expression like he was sucking a sour lemon. Monsieur Ren was saying something but through all the noise, Rey couldn't make it out. "Well they've probably seen us now," Jessika hissed. "So just act like you're supposed to be doing what you're doing." Jessika put a hand on the banister and calmly walked ahead, descending the steps with her head held high and her eyes focussed on some unknown spot in the distance. Anna and Olga fell into step behind her, although they were considerably less convincing. Rey followed, descending the dozen or so stairs to the door of Maz' sitting room intent disappearing down the back stairs. She wouldn't have been able to say what made her linger, but she did, watching as the girls made their way down the stairs under the watchful eye of their new employer. He didn't seem all that interested, made no comment that she could discern but still his eyes tracked their passage down the steps, his neck craning upwards until his gaze fell on her. Her lashes fluttered, but she didn't look away, not at first, not until she couldn't take that stare of his any longer and she fled into Maz' room, shutting the door behind her. XXX "We have taken delivery of the sewing machines," Mitaka was saying as Ren took in the hive of activity of the workshop floor. "I'm afraid I have not yet been able to secure additional workers. Mr Ivanov, perhaps you could bring some coffee?" "Don't bother," Hux stated bluntly. "We're not staying long. Ren just wanted to come and check on his investment." Ren was only half listening, staring at the spot on the stairs where the girl had been. He had no doubt Mitaka knew what he was doing, even as he complained to Hux that he needed more help. "I don't know enough about the day to day," he explained. “And I can't make head nor tail of this accounting system.” "That's what you are here for Mr Ivanov," Ren said, turning back into the room and ambling towards the desk. “Unless Mr. Mitaka needs to find a more qualified replacement.” Old Stephan swallowed audibly and pushed his glasses up his nose. “No, not all monsieur,” he croaked. “Right well get on with it,” Hux snapped, rising to his feet and looking Ren right in the eye. “We have to be in Donskoy in ten minutes, we're already late.” "I don't know why we had to come," Hux chided in the back of the car, the wheels bumping over the frozen mud as Marek turned them out of the yard and onto the street beyond. “Mitaka has everything under control.” “If you want my money Hux then I want to know what you're spending it on,” Ren replied, pulling out a cigarette and setting it to light. “He'll get that place turning a profit in no time,” Hux told him. “Then we'll have another juicy plum to sell off to the government." The engine groaned as the tires spun on the ground, and Hux huffed, peering over the side at the wheels in distaste. “Do you need us to push, Marek?” Ren asked, leaning forward towards the driver. “No...sir,” Marek grunted through his teeth as the shift squealed loudly and a moment later the car lurched forward with a heavy thunk. “I don't know why you insist on having a car, Ren,” Hux complained. “The roads are no good in Moscow.” Ren didn't reply, just smoked his cigarette turned his head as the car rolled down the street and past the front of Madame Kanata's window. Through the glass he spied the girl dressing a mannequin and as the car went slowly by she raised her head and looked right at him. “The old woman is a problem,” Hux informed him the car sputtered on, lumbering across the compacted mud and away. “She won't be bought out but she's old, hopefully she'll die soon enough.” “Must you always be so blunt?” Ren said with a scowl. “Lease or no, she's in the way,” Hux replied sourly. “No-one will want the place with a tenant in situ.” “There's more to life than money, Hux,” Ren told him absently and Hux quirked a sceptical brow. “Is there?” he quipped. “Stop the car, Marek,” Ren said suddenly, leaning forward towards the driver. “What?!” Hux gasped. “We haven't got time.” “You go on, you're more than capable of dealing with the bank without my assistance,” Ren replied, reaching for the door and climbing down onto the street. Hux narrowed his eyes. “What are you doing, Ren?” Kylo dropped his cigarette to the ground and stomped on it. “Getting fitted for a new shirt,” he said drably. Hux sneered. “You like that girl,” he mocked. “Ren you are perfectly ridiculous.” Ren closed the car door with both hands. “Off you go Marek,” he called to the man at the wheel. “I'll make my own way home.” “Very good, sir,” Marek chirped. Hux glared at him as the car moved off and Ren just quirked a brow, watching for a moment until it disappeared around the corner. Chapter 5 Rey turned away from the window and walked towards the workroom door, plucking a tape measure from the sideboard and coiling it up in her hands. “Stephan Andreyivich is warming some herrings for lunch,” Maz called from the other room. “I said we'd join him.” “That sounds nice,” Rey said, putting the tape measure into a sewing box. “You can maybe fetch a bit of bread and butter from upstairs,” Maz suggested, poking her head around a shelf and smiling. “And bring some jam for tea. Stephan doesn't take it.” Rey smiled back and nodded. “Sure,” she chirped, just as the sound of the bell on the shop door tinkled through the workroom. “Monsieur Ren,” Maz uttered, stepping into the doorway, her expression growing suddenly more severe. “Madame, mamselle,” Ren intoned with a vague bow as he closed the door behind him. Rey stared at him like a startled deer, his black clad form taking up an obscene amount of space as he stood like a shadow in front of the window. Maz took a deep breath. “Monsieur,” she began, tightening her shawl across her chest. “If you have come to continue our previous discussion, I must tell you, I can not be persuaded.” Ren let out a little huff of breath and smiled. “No, Madame Kanata,” he assured her serenely. “That is not why I am here.” “Oh?” Maz asked, her brow furrowing in confusion. Monsieur Ren cleared his throat and stood up straight. “I am in need of your assistance,” he explained and Rey could not miss the vague narrowing of Maz' eyes. “Does your establishment cater to gentlemen?” “It....does,” she replied cautiously. Ren smiled, an expression that was shockingly disarming and even if it had not been, Rey knew that they could ill afford to turn away business. She suspected he knew it too. “Well then I would like to engage your services,” Ren continued. Maz glanced at Rey who hovered quietly some distance behind. “A shirt, Madame Kanata,” Ren said at her apparent confusion. “I want you to make me a shirt.” “Uh....of course,” Maz said eventually. “Ah....please,” she said urging him a little closer. “Rey, please take Monsieur Ren's coat.” Rey shuffled forward as Ren removed his hat, holding it out towards her and looking right at her with that infernal gaze of his. She took it, her expression blank even if her own treacherous eyes wound their way over his body as he shucked off his coat. “Thank you,” he murmured as she took it from him, flushing hard and turning away to stow it on rack beside the door. “Rey, fetch the measuring tape,” Maz urged and she scurried away, feeling his eyes on her back as she disappeared into the workroom. “May I ask what you had in mind, monsieur,” Maz was saying as she dug her fingers into the sewing box. “I'm afraid I don't know much about haberdashery,” Ren replied. "What would you recommend?" “It depends on what you want, monsieur,” Maz explained. “What kind of occasion, how much you want to spend.” “Hmm,” he mumbled, his eyes glancing up as Rey entered the room to find that he had removed his jacket and was standing before them in his shirt and vest. “Something...simple,” he said with a vague cough. “Business attire,” Ren decided eventually. Maz glanced over at Rey with cautious eyes. “Very good, monsieur,” Maz said, folding his jacket with slow, careful movements. “Perhaps a twill or a pinpoint cotton.” “I don't know what either of those are,” he said. "Perhaps you could show me some samples, Madame." “Certainly monsieur,” Maz said quietly, gently setting his jacket on the table. “Very good,” he agreed, turning his head towards Rey and eyeing the measuring tape in her hand. “How far should I undress?” he asked innocently, glancing between her and Maz. Maz's eye twitched but her expression remained otherwise inscrutable. "Perhaps your vest, monsieur," she suggested and he nodded, loosening the buttons and stepping towards Rey. She hesitated, looking to Maz for guidance. After a moment she nodded curtly, casting a suspicious look at Monsieur Ren before turning into the workroom to fetch her samples. Rey swallowed, attempting to project casual disinterest as she watched him shuck his vest down his arms and drape it over the back of a chair. "I'm all yours," he told her, looking her right in the eye and stepping closer. “Please raise your arms, monsieur,” Rey implored, lashes fluttering as she dropped her gaze from the unnerving twinkle in his eyes. “With pleasure,” he rumbled. Rey licked her lips and moved closer, holding the tape along the length of his outstretched arm. “Do you make all your own clothes?” he asked conversationally as she wrapped the tape around his bicep. Christ on the cross, he was huge, with arms as thick as her legs and hands like a giant. “Yes, monsieur,” she replied politely. “I'm impressed,” he told her as she held the tape down the side of his chest to his waist. “Your attire is most becoming.” “Thank you, monsieur,” Rey squeaked, hesitating for a moment before stepping a little closer into the the circle of his arms. Without looking at him she tucked her arms around his back and pulled the tape measure around the broadest part of his chest, bringing her fingers together in the middle. She was not in the least bit impressed by the firmness she detected beneath his chemise, not at all, nope, even if her eyes went out of focus somewhat at the measurement she read off the tape. Finn was as solid, if perhaps not as tall, and his arms were easily as big. There was nothing at all special about this man, not even those eyes or those lips but heavens, he smelled good, not like musty old Stephan or even Poe Dameron, who always smelled of laundry soap and powder. It reminded her vaguely of church, only less sacramental and more...Rey didn't even know how to describe it and she certainly would not admit that she liked it. “What fabric would you recommend?” he said gently, leaning his face ever so slightly towards her. Rey met his eye with a brief twitch of her lips as she slid the tape down his body to settle at his waist. “I always think silk is nice on a gentleman, monsieur,” she said peeling the measuring tape from around his waist and averting her eyes from a part of his anatomy no decent young lady should be contemplating. “Hmm, yes it is nice isn't it,” he commented. “Soft.” Rey looked up at him, unprepared for how close his face was to hers. She swallowed and took a step back, turning to scribble his measurements onto a piece of paper. “Here we are monsieur,” Maz said as she returned from the workroom, a swatch of fabrics in her hand. “Thank you,” Ren uttered, taking the swatch from her as Rey retreated to one side. She watched through her lashes as he flipped through the fabrics, running them between his forefinger and thumb. “Your apprentice suggested silk,” he said and Maz' brows went up. Rey avoided the gaze she cast in her direction and carefully coiled up the measuring tape. “That will be very expensive, monsieur,” Maz informed him politely and he hummed again. “Your apprentice is very persuasive,” he commented. Rey stared through the window and ran her tongue over her teeth. “She is a very gifted girl,” Maz agreed demurely. “I shall be sad to let her go.” “Oh?” Monsieur Ren said with a scowl. Maz's lips turned up in a smile worthy of Madame Petrova herself. “Rey is getting married soon, Monsieur,” she explained sweetly. It was easy to see how Monsieur Ren might be such an accomplished card player, since his face betrayed barely a flicker of disappointment. Barely, but not entirely. “Congratulations,” he said neutrally, his lips twisting in a polite smile even as his lashes fluttered. “Thank you, Monsieur,” Rey chirped, risking a glance at those flaming eyes of his and immediately regretting it. “It is a shame that Madame Kanata will no longer be able to make use of your talents,” he added. “I haven't made your shirts yet, sir,” Rey replied. “They might be awful.” “I assure you monsieur, they will not,” Maz interjected and Ren nodded sagely. “Well then I hope your future husband will allow you to keep working,” he said and Rey couldn't help it, she instantly bristled. “It's not for him to allow or disallow,” she said primly, standing up straight and raising her chin haughtily. Monsieur Ren chuckled. “He must be a thoroughly modern gentleman,” he said. “He is,” Rey sputtered. “Perhaps one day you will run your own establishment,” he added with a smirk. “Atelier Kenobi. Yes I rather like that sound of that.” Rey blinked, uncertain how to reply. There was something about this man that she couldn't place and she wasn't sure what she found more unsettling about him, that uncannily handsome face or the fact that he was clearly sickeningly wealthy. She didn't know how many cars there were in Moscow but she was sure she could probably count the number on one hand. But however she felt about his face or his bank balance, she couldn't deny that had a nice ring to it. She huffed a vague breath of amusement and smiled. “Yes, monsieur,” she agreed. His lips curled up, his expression morphing from a smirk to a smile. “Monsieur, if I may raise the indelicate matter of payment,” Maz interrupted. Ren turned to her, his expression growing more serious but not unkind. “Yes of course,” he murmured and Rey took the opportunity to escape next door. She stuffed the measuring tape into sewing box and began to unnecessarily arrange the spools of thread on the shelf. She could hear their low murmuring voices drifing through the open door, her eyes going wide at the figure they agreed on a price for two shirts. Sixty rubles. That was more than Plutt paid in a month! “Rey, child,” Maz called a moment later. She dutifully shuffled back into the shop and into view of those eyes, not sure where to put her own as he replaced his clothes. “Please help Monsieur Ren with his coat,” Maz implored politely. “Oui, Madame,” Rey said, crossing the room and plucking his coat from the stand. “Thank you very much for your assistance, Miss Kenobi,” Monsieur Ren told her as she slipped his coat over his shoulders. “If I am satisfied, perhaps I shall become a regular patron. I hope so.” Rey swallowed. “Perhaps Monsieur,” she replied as he turned and met her eye. She stood like a stone as he stared down at her, reaching for his hat from her outstretched hand and not bothering to hide his appraisal of her. “Goodbye Monsieur,” she croaked. “Goodbye,” he said and then he was gone, striding down the pavement like he owned it and Rey's brow furrowed when she remembered that he did. “Sixty rubles Maz!” she cried, spinning on her heel. “Hmmm,” Maz said, her eyes tracking Ren's passage down the street. “Take care of that one, Rey,” she warned. “What do you mean,” Rey asked, her brow furrowing in confusion. Maz turned to her with a wary expression. “A goose is not a pig's friend, Rey,” she said gravely, nodding her head and turning back towards the workroom. “Don't accept favors from gentlemen, no matter how handsome they are.” Chapter 6 Notes: I really really really really love you all for commenting. And I love Elwyngirlie for being just generally lovely. And Snowflake, for delicately clinging to Rey's lashes and making Kylo's heart flutter. ~sigh~ PS the glorious pace of updates, it cannot last but damn it I am going to try. It was a mild enough afternoon in Moscow. A thick bank of cloud lingered over the city trapping whatever warmth there was close to the ground, the sky a bright shade of grayish white that was dazzling if not for the the growing fog of coal smoke that hovered over the roof tops. It had snowed in the night blanketing the ground in white but by midday the roads were back to their usual muddy brown, strewn with the evidence of the thousands of horse drawn carriages that clip clopped across the city. Every Wednesday lunch time Rey ran errands, banking and posting letters and occasionally dropping off some piece of sewing to a client. Rey always hurried to get these tedious little tasks completed, because when she was done Maz let her take the afternoon for herself. Today she took the street car across the city, dressed in her best coat and a stack of books under her arm. It was an outing for her, the Presnya street rat climbing the steps of the Rumyantsev Library. She stopped outside the enormous door and turned back to cast her eye across the square. Perhaps later she and Finn could walk through the park or past the Grand Palace like they would when they were children, stealing pastries from plates in open air cafes when the summer time came. It was days like this that she was a Muscovite through and through, in spite of her name. Peterburg be damned, she couldn't believe any city in Russia was as exciting or grand. Rey turned and entered the lobby, pulling off her hat and stuffing it into her coat pocket. She trotted up the stairs, enjoying the clatter of shoes on the marble as it echoed around the tall ceiling. She could not repress a frisson of anxiety as she went, that ever present sense of inadequacy as she passed the well-to-do that flitted about the hallways in their expensive coats and well made shoes. It was silly really, her coat might not be lined with mink but it wasn't exactly shabby. Every item in her small wardrobe was carefully modelled on the images in imported magazines she read in this very library, hours spent under the lamplight carefully embroidering the details on ends of fabric saved from their clients' commissions. She returned her books, and after several minutes unsuccessfully perusing the index, made her way to the desk. As she approached Rey noticed two gentlemen talking with the librarian in hushed voices. She lingered back a way, out of politeness more than anything and as she waited she looked them up and down, struck suddenly by the feeling that there was something odd about them. One wore a fine coat and a well made hat which stuck out for the fact that he hadn't removed it. Beside him, his companion looked quite different, a flat cap on his head and a brown leather coat tied about his waist with a tight buckle. Rey regarded them suspiciously until they passed out of sight towards the place where she'd just come. “Baryshnya?” a voice called quietly and Rey glanced back at the desk to find the librarian looking at her with a polite expression. “May I help you?” “Oh, yes,” she uttered, shaking her head and stepping towards him. A short time later, Rey abandoned the index and armed with the location of her quarry, headed towards the stacks in search of her book. It was a beautiful building, tall marble columns that stretched up to vaulted ceilings hung with lamps. Of course, they were electrified now, but she imagined it must have been quite a sight to see the place lit by candlelight. She could spend hours here, running her fingertip along the spines of books she hadn't read by authors she'd never heard of. Today however she had something particular in mind, two books in fact and once she'd found them she retreated to the reading room to wait for Finn. She sank down at one of the desks, a broad wooden thing with a tall back and a fluted green lamp hanging over the table. She tucked her chair in as delicately as possible but it squealed across the floor all the same and she winced ever so slightly. There was something about the hush of the library that was almost as sacred as being in church. The real church of the people, Finn would call it. Rey couldn't quite bring herself to disagree but for now she affected the nonchalance of the bourgeoisie and buried her nose in the Moscow News. The silence was punctuated by the occasional shuffle of papers and the sound of footsteps in and out of the door, the scratching of pencils on paper drifting over the desks. Rey was battling with the broad sheets of the newspaper when she became aware of a slight tap tap tapping on the other side of the screen. She cast her eyes upward, ran her gaze over the coving that circled the large hanging lamp on the ceiling and peered from side to side as the tapping resumed. “Ahem.” A discreet cough caught her attention and she glanced up to see a familiar pair of eyes peeking at her from the other side of the desk. Her lip twitched as she repressed a smile, schooling her face into a perfect mask of indifference. “Shh,” she chided, looking back down at the paper and casually turning the page. “I'm sorry,” the eyes said. “I couldn't help but notice you're reading the News.” “Yes,” she replied quietly. A brow quirked above the eyes. “You know, that's monstrous propaganda,” the eyes told her. “You can't believe a word of it.” “Is it now?” she asked and the eyes nodded. “You want to try Pravda,” the eyes said and she blinked. “Really?” she drawled mildly. “Yes, it's much better, all the best looking boys read Pravda.” Rey rolled her eyes. “I'm not interested in boys,” she quipped. “That's a shame,” the eyes told her. “A beautiful girl like you.” “Sssshhh!” a sharp voice hissed from across the room and the eyes disappeared for a second. Rey bit her lip to stifle her laughter as the eyes shuffled around the table to sit at the desk beside her. “So what are you interested in?” Finn asked quietly and Rey coughed. “Revolution,” she whispered, leaning close to his ear. He grinned. “Be careful, young lady,” he warned with mock seriousness. “Talk like that could get you thrown out.” “I'm willing to risk it if you are,” she said with a waggle of her brows. His smile grew wider, his hand closing around hers as she scooped her small bundle of books off the desk and held them close against her chest. Finn took a deep breath and he was off, dragging her behind him as they ran down the aisle between the desk. “LAND AND BREAD!” he screamed as they went and Rey staggered behind him, sputtering with laughter as they went. They bundled through the door and ran along the landing as fast as their legs would carry them, Finn's arm around her waist as he dragged her down the stairs towards the lobby below. She was dizzy with laughter, her breath hitching in sputtering paroxysms as they made their escape. As they descended to the first floor, Finn slowed their pace and slipped his arm from her waist to take her hand instead, the pair of them attempting to adopt a more respectable demeanor as they walked briskly through the hall. “We have to get Poe,” Finn told her breathlessly and she nodded, likewise winded. Finn guided her through the great reading room on the first floor, the cavernous chamber lined with dozens of desks. At almost every desk was a bowed head, hunched shoulders surrounded by piles of books, pens quietly scratching against their notebooks. Finn released her hand and she ambled slowly behind him, peering along the aisles in search of their friend. Finn trotted ahead, disappearing down one of the rows of bookshelves that lined either side of the room. Rey followed, ducking down a different aisle and casually glancing at the volumes on the shelves. They were academic texts mostly, thick tomes with indecipherable print that made her eyes go out of focus. She plucked one from the shelf and flicked it open. Der Ursprung der Familie, des Privateigenthums und des Staats. Rey furrowed her brow, staring at the unfamiliar German printed across the first page in Roman script. She rarely came into this part of the library and books like this were the reason why. She flipped it shut and raised her arm to stuff it back on the shelf, glimpsing a figure at the far end of the aisle as she did. She glanced towards him, a funny feeling taking up residence as she saw a man hovering, peering at her over the edge of the book in his hands. Rey narrowed her eyes as she took in the familiar coat, the gloved hands, the well made hat. The man from the index upstairs. She scowled and turned out of the aisle. “Oof! Rey!” Finn gasped in surprise as he bumped into her, his hands settling on her biceps. “Hi,” she breathed, glimpsing Poe at the far end of the hall. His head was dipped low as he spoke in inaudible tones to a man she didn't recognize, serious expressions painted on their faces. “Oh, you found him,” she chirped innocently but when she glanced up Finn was frowning. The grip on her arms tightened as his eyes fixed over her shoulder and back down the aisle from where she'd just come. “Rey,....” he began, his jaw clenching and unclenching. “What is it?” she asked in confusion. Finn licked his lips. “Rey, listen I need you to wait for me outside,” he said, looking her in the eye. “What?” she said with a shake of her head, twisting her neck around. Finn stepped closer and leaned his face closer. “It's....please, I'll be there in just a second,” he told her gravely, an unsettling sense of urgency in his tone. “Finn, what's the matter?” Rey said “I'll explain everything just....not right at this moment. Rey, please,” he implored, looking her right in the eyes. Rey's face fell a little, a mild scowl settling on her face as she considered his request. “Rey, please!” “Alright,” she said quietly, that funny feeling in her stomach growing into a churning sensation of anxiety. Finn pulled her closer, hustling her between the stacks before disappearing off, she presumed, towards Poe. With a scowl on her face she made her way back into the lobby, lingering by a pillar with her books clutched against her chest as she watched the comings and goings on the stairs. She hovered for a while before she grew bored and took to pacing slowly up and down along the inside wall. She walked all the way to the end and back again before doing the same in the opposite direction. On her third pass, the man at the desk peered up at her over the rim of his spectacles and she swallowed, turning to resume her inconspicuous post under the same pillar as before. Time was dragging on now, and the longer she waited the more irritated she became. When another five minutes passed, she heaved a sigh she made her way back to the study room where she'd left them. As she approached she heard the squeal of shoes on marble followed by the clatter of books on the floor. She froze, watching as those same books flew past the door to hit the wall behind with a thud and then, two figures tumbled through the doorway. Rey gasped and dodged to the side, disappearing around a corner as they emerged in to the hall. Wide eyed she took in the sight as the the two men struggled, her eyes going wide as she realized who it was. Poe's friend, the one in the stacks and the man in the hat, no longer in a hat as it was knocked from his head in the struggle. He fell against the wall with a grunt and the other man took off at a sprint, his heavy steps echoing down the hall as he made for the door. Rey stayed stone still, pressing her back against the wall and clutching her books to her chest. Her heart was beating hard in her chest and her breathing came in shallow, rapid pants as her mind raced. She gulped, standing up straight and cautiously emerging back into the hall. She had to find Finn and Poe and so, in spite of Finn's request she made her way back into the reading room, prowling up and down the stacks to find them. She made her way to the far end of the room, aware of the dim murmurings of voices as anxious students huddle together to gossip about the scene in the hall. She circuited the reading room in search of Poe and Finn, once, twice three times but finding to her intense unhappiness that they were nowhere to be found. Rey paced back to the entrance, glancing through every open door and hallway as she went but still nothing. Her jaw dropped and she spun on her heel, glancing up the main stairs in disbelief as the reality of the situation sunk in. They'd left her. She clenched her teeth. Those sorry sons of bitches. They'd left her. She wasn't sure whether to scream or cry but whatever she was going to do, she paled as she saw the brown coated man lingering under the stairs with his gaze fixed right on her. It was the other man from before, the one in the flat cap and the look in his eyes sent a shiver down her spine, alarm bells ringing in the back of her mind. Get out, she thought. Get out now! Rey took a step backwards, and another, and then another before turning on her feel and fleeing out of the door. Chapter 7 Notes: Hello my lambs. I love you. I love that you comment. It means a lot to me. I have chs 8 & 9 complete, but after that it's going to start getting sketchy when it comes to posting. But I love this, I am still writing it, it's just hard with the fams around. Fear not! I won't abandon you now! I want the pleasure of putting the smutty wonders in my mind down into word form for us all to tingle at! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Rey didn't run, it would attract too much attention but her pace was brisk, her feet stamping against the stone as she descended the steps towards the street. As she came to the gate she turned sharply to the left, hurrying along the pavement as fast as she could towards the small crowd that gathered on the corner waiting to cross. As she approached she insinuated herself between the bodies, coming a stop in front of the tallest, broadest man she could find in an effort to remain out of sight. Her heart was pounding, her mind racing as she tried to repress her panic. It was fine. She was fine. Whatever Finn and Poe were involved with was nothing to do with her, she told herself, she hadn't done anything wrong. Except the screaming upstairs, but surely they couldn't arrest her for that? Could they arrest her for that? She clutched her books tight to her chest and moved with the crowd as they started across the street. As she paced away, the library shrinking in the distance behind her, it was as much as she could do to keep from muttering to herself. How dare they?! What the matter with them? It was Finn and his childish student activism, like he was so desperate to impress Poe that he lost all sense of himself and leaving her! How could they just up and leave her? Men! She would never understand them. She stomped along the icy pavement, pulling her scarf up around her ears and tucking her books up under her armpit. She stuffed her hands into her pockets and walked to the end of the block, heading towards the river and as she turned another corner, she let out a grunt as she collided into a man walking in the opposite direction. “Oof!” she sputtered, taking a staggering step back. “Careful,” a voice intoned and Rey turned to find a man in a shabby coat and a lambskin hat standing in front of her with a mildly scandalized look on his face. “I'm sorry,” Rey gasped, giving him a wincing, apologetic smile. He snorted and smiled back. “It's alright, krasavitsa,” he said playfully. “Highlight of my day.” He was grinning at her, but his general manner was so amiable that she couldn't bring herself to be offended. She let out a huff of laughter and dropped her gaze bashfully. It was then that she became aware of a car parked up a little way down the street, although as she looked she came to realize that it was not so much parked up as stuck in a slushy bank of mud. Two men in greatcoats were struggling behind it, grunting and shoving until the rear wheel heaved up and out of the ice. As she watched, a crease appeared between her brows as a familiar figure stepped out from behind the car. “Hmm, bourgeois pigs,” the man beside her grunted, hovering beside her as he turned to watch the spectacle on the road. “Serves them right,” he muttered. Rey swallowed and turned to look him in the eye, dropping her gaze for a moment before turning back to watch as who else but Kylo Ren should emerge onto the path. He brushed his gloved hands down his arms before clapping them together, exchanging some indecipherable words with his driver as the other man walked round to the front of car. In his hand he had a funny looking metal pole and Rey observed with interest as he stuck on end of it into the front of the car. She ambled imperceptibly closer, abandoning the man on the pavement to his indignity and watching with interest as Ren's driver cranked the engine. Ren himself hadn't noticed her, stepping closer to his driver as the pair of them exchanged some words. Aside from the difficulty the driver seemed to be having, Rey couldn't help but notice the easy manner in which the pair interacted. The stiff deference she had come to expect of those in service to wealthy men like Kylo Ren was missing and what she saw instead was something much less formal. She took a deep breath and held it for a moment, Kylo Ren stepping forward to take over from his driver and his broad shoulders heaving beneath his coat as he cranked the engine to life. The car sputtered, spitting the crank shaft out onto the ground as Ren and his driver began bickering. The driver, an older man than Ren himself began to shake his head, stalking towards the pole on the ground and muttering before he picked it up and stalked back to the drivers seat. It was then that Ren looked up and right at her, brushing his hands together and observing her for a moment before a slight smile quirked his lips. Rey stiffened, for some reason wanting desperately to flee from him but unable to turn back. She raised her books against her chest like a shield and carried on down the path towards him. “Miss Kenobi!” Ren called as she neared. “Monsieur,” she chirped pleasantly before passing right by. “Miss Kenobi!” he called again and she stopped, casting her eyes towards heaven in a silent plea. “What a surprise,” Ren commented pleasantly as she turned slowly back to face him. “No work today?” Rey gulped. “Not today, monsieur,” she said, her words lost over the rattle of the engine. Ren leaned a little closer. “You've been to the library I see,” he said, gesturing at the books in her arms. “Yes,” was her only reply. He nodded, pursing his lips as he regarded her thoughtfully. “Can we offer you a ride?” he said, waving his hand vaguely towards the driver. Rey blinked, turning to glance at the driver who was staring at her with a mild expression on his face. She glanced back at Ren, and back at the driver before casting her eyes over the car. “It's a Model T,” Ren said with a hint of pride, opening the door and offering her his hand. She frowned a little, looking up at Ren's reckless face and wondering what exactly it was about him that felt so dangerous. He raised his brows, his lips twitching in an expression that seemed strangely innocent and she realized in that moment that it was she who was feeling dangerous, the incident in the library still fresh in her mind. Did this count as a favor? She couldn't believe that it did and besides, she'd never ridden in a car. “Alright,” she said haughtily, ignoring his outstretched hand and climbing into the car, aware of his amused expression as she went. “Home?” he asked politely, settling on the seat beside her. “Ah, yes,” Rey replied, avoiding his eyes as she glanced anxiously out of the window in the direction of the library. “Marek, let's take Miss Kenobi back to the workshop,” Ren called to the man in the front. “Yes, sir,” Marek replied, cranking the shift and wriggling in his seat. Rey leaned forward in curiosity to watch, the car bumping forward with a crunch as it started to move again. “Do you like cars, Miss Kenobi?” Ren asked. “I don't know,” she replied quirking a brow. “I've never been in one.” “Well I'm honored to be your first,” he quipped and she narrowed her eyes, lurching forward in her seat as the car planed over some ice. “Seems a little impractical,” she said coolly. “To have a machine like this in Moscow.” Ren's lip twitched in amusement. “Marek was just saying the very same thing, weren't you Marek?” he called to the driver. “That I was, sir,” Marek said over his shoulder. “Marek thinks we should put it away for the winter,” Ren explained. “Give the horse sled a run.” “That seems like the sensible thing to do,” Rey agreed, relaxing a little now at the ever growing distance between herself and the library behind. “See? What did I say?” Marek said triumphantly and Rey's brow went up at the driver's audacity. “Oh shut up and drive,” Ren complained. “He's such a tyrant, Miss,” Marek quipped as the car bumped along. “So I see,” Rey commented. “Keep this up Marek, and you'll be walking home!” Ren threatened but she could tell that his heart wasn't in it. “And then you'll drive I suppose?” Marek said cheekily and Ren narrowed his eyes. “I'm a better driver than you,” Ren challenged and Marek snorted. “We'll end up in the Moscow River!” he chuckled. “We did not end up in the river, Marek!” Ren said defensively and Rey could not resist the smile of amusement that spread across her face. Ren cleared his throat. “I'd just bought it, I didn't realize how quick the engine was,” he explained. “Oh,” Rey demurred. “Twenty five miles an hour,” Ren said. “That's ah....Imperial measurement, you know. That's what they use in America. It's about...ah....” “Forty verst,” Rey said. “Yes I'm familiar with it.” “Hmmm,” Ren uttered, looking at her intently. “You seem quite well read.” “For a shop girl, you mean?” she asked sourly. He pursed his lips. “I don't mean anything by it, I assure you,” he told her. They fell into an awkward silence for a minute. “What are you reading?” he asked, pointing to the books on her lap. “Oh ah....just stories,” she said dismissively. “What stories?” he asked, peering closer to have a look. Rey swallowed nervously. “ Les contes des fees, ” he read. “Fairy stories.” Rey blushed at being discovered reading a child's book. “I'm trying to improve my vocabulary,” she said flustered. “No, it's very impressive,” he assured her, rubbing his lips together and looking her up and down. “And what's the other one.” “The Belkin Tales,” she said, lifting the book and then setting it down on top of her fairy tales as though she could pretend it wasn't there at all. “Ah Pushkin,” Ren said, a smile spreading across his face. “Very good. I liked his children's stories when I was a boy. What's that one? The Bridegroom.” “Oh yes, I like that one,” Rey said with nod, grateful for the change in subject. “How she keeps the finger till the wedding day,” Ren grinned and she chuckled. “Suitably gory.” Seeing her amusement he leaned a little closer. “Turn back, turn back, thou bonnie bride....” “Nor in this house of death abide,” Rey finished in a suitably dramatic tone. Ren smiled but it was not like the smiles she'd seen from him before, the practised gentility that he so casually bestowed. This time when she looked at him, he seemed somehow much younger than he had before, those eyes of his no longer burning but gentle. “Yes I like Pushkin,” he said softly, his gaze settling on her lips. Rey blushed and looked away. Ren's hand slipped inside his coat, pulling out a slim cigarette case and opening it across his palm. “Cigarette?” he offered, his face suddenly much less innocent than it was before. “No thankyou,” Rey replied politely and his lashes fluttered. “Go on,” he urged mischievously. “I know that you do.” Rey stared at him with a mildly shocked expression. “I.... smelled it on you,” he explained in a low voice. Rey narrowed her eyes at him for a second, uncertain how she felt about the idea of him smelling her. He held the cigarettes towards her, his expression mild, beseeching. She cast her eyes down at the thin white sticks laid out neatly in his hand, little blue fleur-de-lys printed on the base. French, she surmised and no doubt terribly expensive. A cigarette is not a favor, she said to herself. Without speaking she reached down and took one, twiddling it between her fingers as he pulled out a lighter and cupped his hand around it. “Thank you,” she murmured as he sat back, watching intently as she took a dainty puff. It was nothing like the cheap cigarettes she smoked and she turned it around in her fingers to examine it as she inhaled. “You're welcome,” he said and she forced a smile. French cigarettes, American car – his shoes were probably Italian from the look of them. She wondered if there was anything Russian about this man at all, that maybe Finn was right when he said the bourgeoisie didn't belong to any country, that they didn't care for any thing or any one that couldn't be bought or sold. Stupid Finn, she was still mad at him. “You know, Rey....may I call you Rey?” Ren began. She worked her jaw back and forth but she didn't tell him not to, just focussed on the glowing tip of her cigarette instead of his face as he spoke. “Next week they're opening with Boris Godunov, at the Opera House.” She blinked and glanced up him. “I just wondered, well since you like Pushkin and all....” She gulped, her heartbeat suddenly very loud in her ear as she realized what he was going to say. “Maybe you'd let me take you?” She took a silent breath and schooled her face into a passive mask. She wasn't sure she should be flattered even if she was. He was good looking, you'd have to be blind not to see it and she couldn't say he'd been anything but pleasant in their interactions. Still, she couldn't help feeling instead like he was mocking her somehow. What a lovely jape it would be to take the peasant girl to the ball, as though she might be stupid enough to believe in the fairy stories she read, or that he didn't have a wife in St. Petersburg. “That's.....very kind of you, monsieur,” she uttered, coughing slightly and trying not to notice Marek's eyes in the rear view mirror. “You could wear that dress,” he suggested in a low voice that seemed strangely distant. “The one I saw in the workroom.” Rey's lashes fluttered over her eyes and turned the cigarette over in her fingers. “I'm afraid I couldn't, monsieur,” she said carefully, peeking at him through her lashes for just a second. “Couldn't you?” he murmured, his eyes fixed on her profile. “Monsieur Ren,” she began in a voice as steady as she could muster. “I have a fiance.” “More's the pity,” he said quietly, adjusting the front of his coat. They drove in silence for a long minute, the engine struggling against the frigid air and the wheels rattle over the frozen ground. As Marek guided them onto the Nikitskaya road towards home, a chill gust of wind blew through the open window, funnelled by the grand avenues that intersected between tall buildings. Rey shivered, throwing her cigarette over the side of the car and tucking her hands into her sleeves. “You're cold,” he commented. “I'm fine,” she said and he harrumpfed. “Don't you have a hat?” he said in a condescending voice. “Not what I'd expect from a sensible girl like you.” “I have a hat, monsieur,” she told him, digging into her pocket so that she might show it to him. “I just don't care to wear it.” As she pulled it from her coat pocket, a crumpled sheaf of paper fell to the floor of the car. “You dropped something,” he said and she bristled a little at his patronizing tone. Whatever amiability she had glimpsed in this man had quickly evaporated, his male ego asserting itself in the face of her rejection. Ren plucked the paper off the floor and held it up, frowning as he glimpsed the rough print peeking out from between the folds. “What's this?” he grumbled, pulling it open and staring at it with a dark scowl settling on his face. Rey swallowed hard, her heart pounding as she realized what it was. Ren's nostrils flared and his jaw clenched, his fist closing around the flyer in a menacing gesture. “Where did you get this?” he demanded. Rey narrowed her eyes and clenched her teeth. “From a friend,” she told him, swallowing back her trepidation at the look on his face. “Well you're friend is a bloody fool,” he told her sternly, looking her right in the eye. Her lip twitched in irritation at his presumptuousness. “You'd do well to stay away from this peaceful demonstration,” he growled. “It may not be as peaceful as you think.” Rey glared at him as he tossed the flyer out of the window. Rey stared ahead, her shoulders tense and her hands clutching at the books in her lap. She could feel him glowering at her, his entire enormous frame exuding irritation and she regretted ever getting into his stupid car. She wasn't even going to go to Finn's stupid rally but now she was considering it, if only to spite the arrogant pig. “I'll bear that in mind,” she said blandly, studiously avoiding his gaze. “So you're a little Bolshevik then,” he quipped. Rey seethed quietly, her nostrils flaring as she struggled to bite her tongue. “How very drole.” “I'm glad I could amuse you,” she snapped and his eyes narrowed. “Can I expect to visit my workshop and find you've set them all on strike?” he queried. Rey curled her lip. “You won't need me to do that for you,” she hissed and he laughed, a bitter mocking sound. “Yes it's all just a lovely joke to you, isn't it? I wonder if you'd be laughing if it was your child breaking their back for fifty kopeks a day.” Rey blanched at his expression, those flaming eyes of his seeming to burn more fiercely than she'd seen yet. “Oh and what a little hypocrite you are,” he snapped, his demeanor suddenly more venomous than she'd previously encountered. “Dressing yourself like those ladies you claim to hate and chattering in your bad French, trying to convince yourself you're not just like every other girl in Presnya.” Rey's jaw dropped as he leaned closer, a sneer painted across his face. “Yes I've known plenty of girls like you, I know exactly what you are.” Rey fumed, clenching her jaw and huffing a hard, indignant breath. “You're a pig,” she snarled. At that moment Marek brought the car to a stop, a dozen carriages and crowd of pedestrians streaming across the intersection in front of them. Rey reached down and yanked the door handle, jumping down onto the street and slamming it as hard as she could. “Don't drive into the river!” she screamed before she turned and stomped down the slushy road and away from him. She didn't bother to look back, she didn't need to. She heard the screech of the engine of his stupid, bourgeois car as they drove away and not a moment too soon. Good riddance, she thought, stuffing her stupid hat on her head and trudging through the cold afternoon towards home. Notes: OOOH SNAP! You didn't think I'd make this easy for you, did you? Chapter 8 Notes: I feel should point out about Rey's books, to make it clear. The fairy stories are French fairy stories, in French. So she's reading a French book even though she's Russian sort-of-Ukrainian (she's Russian). So that's probably more than most of us could do. And The Belkin Tales is an adult book. So she's embarrassed but really she shouldn't be. She's a smart one, our Rey, oh how we love her. Enjoy this chapter, I'm trying my best to keep writing but I'm basically the mother at the moment and guuuuuh. I love them, really I do, it's just....naked Kylo and Rey, I'm sure you understand my turmoil. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) It snowed heavily that night, and it carried on snowing the next day too and by the time it finished snowing, the drifts had piled up nearly two arshin high. Stephan Andreyivich was old but he was kind, helping Rey with the shovel as they battled to clear the snow off the front stoop. When they were finished Rey climbed the stairs to set the samovar for tea as a reward for their efforts and while she waited for the water to heat, slipped up to the roof to smoke cigarettes with Jessika. They were perfectly good cigarettes, there was nothing wrong with them at all. Mitaka had set the warehouse boys to clearing the yard at the back of the workshop, and some of the girls had gone to 'help', so Rey and Jessika stood bundled up in shawls by the window watching the snowball fight outside. “You seem happy?” Rey commented. Jessika smiled. “Yes,” she said, puffing merrily away. “Why's that then?” Rey asked and Jess waggled her brows. “So this morning old Zlata comes in with a pallet and tells us all to pipe down,” Jess began. “Then in comes Mr. Hux, his face redder than a beetroot. So he stands on the pallet like he's Lenin himself, come to rouse the masses to revolution.” Rey snorted at this. “Except he tells us that from now on, we're not being paid piecework, but a fixed wage.” Rey's brows went up. “Fifty rubles a month.” Her jaw dropped. “Oh my god,” she gasped and Jess nodded smugly. “They want to pay us that much just for listening to him,” she joked. “Ranting away about discipline and order. My god, you should have heard him.” “I'm glad I didn't have to,” Rey replied. “Well good for you.” “Yeah well this Ren seems less of a pig than Plutt was at least,” Jessika commented and Rey frowned, staring at the stitching on Jess' shawl. “Better looking as well.” “He's still a pig,” Rey said sourly. “Right,” Jessika said half heartedly. Rey flicked the ash on her cigarette out of the window. “Well anyway, I better get back,” Jessika said finally, flicking her cigarette out onto the snowy guttering outside. “Got to keep that discipline and all.” Rey forced a smile. They parted on the stairs and Rey descended into the workroom, glad for the warmth of Maz' small fire in the corner. Maz herself was sitting very stiffly in a chair, embroidering a pair of gloves with shaky hands. Rey frowned. “Are you feeling alright, Maz?” she asked, moving closer. Maz nodded vaguely, a crease marring her brow. “I'm alright,” she croaked. “I'm just cold.” “Hmmm,” Rey said sceptically, crouching down before her and putting the back of her hand against Maz' brow. “You're very warm. Are you sure you're not ill?” Maz shook her head and Rey raised a brow, giving the old woman a stern look. “You are.” “I'm fine,” Maz protested. “For pity's sake,” Rey cursed, rising to her feet. “Give me that!” She plucked the sewing from Maz' hands and plonked it on the worktop. “Go upstairs and get to bed, you silly creature.” “Oh, such a tyrant!” Maz complained and Rey tutted. “You're a stubborn old bird,” Rey chided. “I can't rest, Rey, we've got too much to do,” Maz protested. “And I'll stay up till midnight if I have to but you,” she said, reaching for Maz' arms and pulling her up. “Need to go to bed.” The jingle of the bell from the salon drifted through the door and Rey hesitated, leaning back and craning her neck around the door to take a peek. Her eyes went wide as she took in Finn's contrite face, his shoulders hunched over in a gesture that was either meek or pathetic, she couldn't decide. “Finn!” Maz called with a smile. “Hello my boy.” “Hello Mrs. Kanata,” Finn said, giving a toothy grin. Rey scowled. “Well this is a nice surprise,” Maz commented, pulling her shawl around her shoulders and shuffling towards him. “Thought I'd stop by for tea,” he said, holding up a small paper bag. “I brought biscuits!” “Well that was good timing,” Maz said with a smile. “Rey's just set the samovar.” Rey straightened her spine and took a loud breath, raising her chin and avoiding his eyes. “Well if you're coming upstairs, can you bolt the door behind you please,” she uttered sternly before striding towards the stairs. Rey supposed that if anything were to be achieved by Finn's appearance it was that she could, at least, get Maz upstairs to rest, even if she was personally inclined to tell him to shove his cookies where the sun didn't shine. Finn sat in a creaking hard backed dining chair on one side of the fire while Maz reclined in her usual spot on the other, the two of them exchanging pleasantries as Rey clanked around the cabinet digging out the teacups. “I'm not sure where Stephan has got to,” Maz commented, lifting the net curtain that blocked the window in the door that led out onto the stairs. Rey had some ideas but she wasn't in the frame of mind to share them, determined as she was not to speak at all. “How's work?” Finn asked her as she stooped between them to stoke the fire. “Fine,” she replied icily, dumping another shovel full of coal on top and not caring about the cost. They had that sixty rubles from his lordship and she wasn't about to let Maz freeze to death when she was sick. “Tell me how is your friend Poe, Finn?” Maz asked innocently. “He's very well,” Finn told her with a smile. “He's a nice young man,” Maz said, pursing her lips and nodding. Rey heavily set the teacups down and dragged a stool around the other side of the small table so that is was like a shield between them. “Thank you, child,” Maz said as Rey handed her a cup before turning back to aggressively stir a spoon of jam into Finn's. “Thanks Rey,” he said when she handed it to him. “Pozhaluysta,” she muttered, not meeting his eye. “Have a teacake won't you?” he implored, reaching for the plate. “Maz?” “Oh, alright,” Maz said with an affectionate smile. “You're spoiling us!” Finn chuckled and turned back to Rey. “No thank you,” said primly. “I'm fasting for Christmas,” she told him, mostly to irritate his sorry atheist ass. “They're only teacakes, Rey,” Finn said dejectedly but she remained unmoved, sinking down on her seat to sip her tea with ill concealed disdain. “Oh you children,” Maz sighed, shaking her head at them. “Have you had a falling out?” “No,” Rey grumbled and Maz tutted. “Well whatever it is, you sort it out and soon,” she said in a matriarchal tone. “I've set my heart on a wedding before I die.” “Don't talk like that,” Rey said with a scowl. “We're alright, aren't we Rey?” Finn said hopefully. “If you say so,” Rey said coolly. “I'm sorry about the other day Rey,” he told her contritely. “It's fine,” she deflected, swallowing down a mouthful of hot tea with a wince. “If you'd just let me explain,” Finn continued and she huffed, clunking her cup down onto the table. “Well this is all very nice,” Rey said brusquely, rising to her feet. “But I've got a lot of work to do. Maz isn't well and I've got to stitch lace onto four pairs of gloves by the morning, so if you don't mind Finn.” She turned and glared at him, her heart melting ever so slightly as she looked at his sorrowful expression. “Alright,” he said, rising to his feet. “Goodbye Mrs Kanata, I hope you feel better.” “You take care now Finn,” Maz said with a mournful smile. “Thank you for the tea cakes.” Rey led him down the stairs and into the work room, striding through the door intent on shoving him out onto the street as fast as possible. “Rey,” he said, catching her arm and spinning her around. “Rey, stop.” She stood in front of him, a sulking expression painted on her face. “I came back for you,” he told her, looking her in the eye. “But you were already gone. I searched all over for you but I had no idea where you went.” “They were secret police weren't they?” she asked bitterly and he jerked his head back. “Those men, in the library.” “What makes you think that?” he uttered cautiously. Rey sighed. “Why can't you just tell me the truth?” she snapped. “Do you think I'm stupid? I saw it with my own eyes.” “Alright, alright, okay,” he sputtered. Rey's eyes went wide. “Oh my god!” she breathed. “Finn what are you doing?” “You know what I'm doing,” he hissed. Rey paced up and down the workroom floor, burying her fingers in her hair. “I can't believe it. Poe's in it with the Bolsheviks and now he's dragging you down with him.” “He's not dragging me anywhere,” Finn protested and she groaned. “How can you be so stupid?” she uttered bitterly. "It's like all you care about is your stupid revolution!" “Rey!” Finn said sharply. “I don't know what's gotten into you.” “What's gotten into me? What's gotten into you?!” Rey spat. “Are you trying to get expelled?” “I won't let that happen! I'm being careful.” “Oh my god!” she despaired, shaking her head in amazement at his naivete. “You call what happened in the library being careful ?” “Rey!” Finn barked and she jumped a little at the forcefulness of his tone. “Have you forgotten who we are?” “I haven't forgotten,” she murmured, staring at the floor “Well good, because you of all people should know why we're doing this,” Finn growled. “What have those pigs done for you? Nothing. They make you live like a slave. They make all of us live like slaves. They murdered your parents for pity's sake.” She flinched, dropping her eyes to the floor and biting her lip to keep it from trembling. They stood like that for a long minute, the silence awkward and uncomfortable. “Sometimes I feel like you don't believe in me,” Finn said eventually. “That's not true,” she uttered sadly. He took a little step closer. “You remember what we said?” he said breathlessly. “What we promised?” Rey stared at the buttons on his coat as he came near. “I'm doing this for both of us. To make things better.” “I just worry about you,” she confessed mournfully as he caught hold of her hand. She squeezed his fingers and looked him the eye, willing him to understand, as though she could convey all her hopes and fears for the future in that one gesture. She had nothing without him, she was nothing. “I worry about me too,” he said, chancing a grin. Rey smiled wanly, letting him pull her into a hug. “I just want to know that you're with me, Rey.” “Of course I am,” she told him. “I'd do anything for you, you know that.” Finn smiled and pulled her close, squeezing her tight. Rey wrapped her arms around him and laid her cheek on his shoulder as they swayed from side to side. After a minute he pulled back, reaching up to cup her jaw and look her in the eye. “You and me, Rey, just like we said,” he said and she wanted very much to believe it. She reached up and placed her hand on top of his, closing her eyes as he leaned closer and pressed a kiss on the corner of her mouth. He smiled, that soft, gentle smile he gave her when she was small, a lost, lonely thing with nowhere to go. “I should get going,” he said and she nodded. “But I'll see you, on Sunday?” “Sure,” she said with a little smile. “We can have dinner.” His eye twitched. “The rally, Rey,” he reminded her. Her heart sank. “Oh....”she breathed. “Yeah.” Finn gave her a gentle look. “I know you're not a big fan of crowds, but I'd really like it if you came.” “I don't know,” she mumbled, avoiding his eyes. “We've got a brass band coming from the university,” he said with a waggle of his brows. “Huh that's nice,” she said, smiling on the outside but wincing on the inside. Finn nodded and tucked her hair behind her ear. “Please? One of my teachers will be there, I'd love for you to meet him.” “I don't know Finn,” she sighed, closing her eyes. “I have a bad feeling about this.” “It's a peaceful protest, Rey,” he assured her. “Nothing like....I won't let anything happen to you,” he promised. “I love you, more than anything in this world. Don't ever forget it.” “Love you too,” Rey told him quietly. She stood like a statue as he leaned a little bit closer and slowly, tentatively pressed a soft kiss on her lips. Rey held her breath and kissed him back, just for a moment, until it was over and Finn pulled away. “I should get going,” he said with a smile. “I know you've got a lot to do.” She nodded and he leaned forward to press his forehead against hers. Rey smiled, really smiled this time. “Bye bye,” he uttered with a grin. She didn't reply, just held his hand as she walked him through the shop towards the door. He crouched down to open the bolt and when he stepped outside, he turned around to give her a cheeky wink and then he was gone. Notes: Yah, sorry guys, plot development and all. Chapter 9 Notes: This will have to tide you all over for a while, I'm sorry, but OMG I just have NO TIME right now. It hurts me more than it hurts you. I'm sorry I haven't replied to all your comments like I want to, you lovely wonderful beans who are commenting and being lovely and supportive and are loving Russian Reylo as much I am! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) It was Sunday and all across the city, all across the country, the same scene was playing out. Maz woke up early, stepping over Rey's half slumbering form to stack up the fire and set out her clothes for church. Rey didn't mention it, but she had noticed that took Maz much longer to get anything done these days, how slow and stiff her movements were of a morning and how frequently her medicine bottle was replaced. Even now, it was near impossible to convince Maz to take anything before church, even hot water, but if Rey understood the old woman's devotion, she still couldn't stop from worrying about her. They dressed in relative silence in the damp attic and together they made the short, slow walk to the church with the girls from the workshop, sweet Stephan Andreyivich offering his arm. “I don't need you to hold my arm,” Maz complained. Wiley old Stephan smiled. “Indulge me, Mazushka,” he crooned. “Let the other husbands think I have a lady in my life.” Rey chuckled as Maz flushed and batted his sleeve with her gloves before letting him tuck her hand into his elbow. The service was long but the church was warm, the air thick with the smell of incense and the deep dirge of male voices rumbling around the gilded walls. As they stood in the back of the congregation, Rey let her eyes linger on the pale face of the virgin mother illuminated with gold. The candlelight flickered over her face, sad somehow as she stared down at the child in her arms and Rey couldn't help but think of her own mother, whose face she could barely recall now. She sent up a little prayer for her, and another one for Maz and then she sent one up for herself as well. When the service was over, Maz tarried inside, waiting with the other stragglers until the deacon emerged. Rey didn't ask why, just squeezed Maz' hand and slipped outside to wait. Stephan was on the corner talking to the husbands, smoking his pipe, as he always did the minute church was over. The other girls had skipped off home in desperation for their lunch but Rey and Jessika lingered, lifting their feet and clapping their hands to keep the blood pumping. “I saw your Finn the other day,” Jessika told her as they waited. “Oh yeah,” Rey replied, hunching her shoulders against the cold. “Tried to get me to come to his thing,” Jess explained. Rey stiffened. “You know what I mean.” Rey stared at her and didn't reply. “Will that friend of his be there?” she asked hopefully. Rey swallowed. “Maybe, I don't know,” she replied, repressing the hot bolt of irritation that spiked up inside of her. “I think it's very noble, what they're doing,” Jessika said quietly, conspiratorially, leaning closer to mutter the words under her breath. Rey just stuffed her hands into her pockets and stared up at the spire of the church. That afternoon Stephan Andreyivich came for dinner, such as it was. It was a simple stew, more a soup than anything bulked out with plenty of cabbage and potatoes, but if they were eating simply it was out of tradition more than austerity, even if they did count every kopek carefully. “We're saving ourselves for Christmas,” Maz told old Stephan who nodded enthusiastically. “Yes, yes,” he agreed although Rey knew he had sneaked a thimbleful of vodka before he came upstairs. She stirred her spoon around in her soup and stared out of the window as they ate. A light snow had been falling most of the afternoon, the sky was growing dim as twilight drew near and Rey silently wished for a freak blizzard to blow in so that everyone in Moscow would get stuck indoors and she wouldn't have to go. “Have you no appetite, child?” Maz asked gently. “Hmmm no I'm fine,” Rey replied. “You need to get something warm in you,” the old woman prodded, gesturing at Rey's bowl with her chin. “I'm meeting Finn in a little bit. I'll get something with him.” “Things are well between you then?” Maz inquired hopefully. Rey forced a smile. “Of course they are,” she lied. Maz smiled contentedly and set her spoon down into her bowl. “You've got a good man there Rey,” she told her earnestly. “This world can be a cruel place. You find your bit of happiness and you keep hold of it you hear me.” Rey sucked her lower lip between her teeth and nodded. “I will,” she promised. It had stopped snowing by the time it came Jessika came to call, appearing at the door bundled up in her coat and hat. “Oh, Jessika!!” Maz said with surprise as Rey let her into their sitting room. “Hello Mrs Kanata,” she said with a soft smile. “You're off out together then are you?” Maz asked sweetly and Rey repressed the pang of guilt that sprung up in her chest. She wrapped a thick scarf around her head and pulled on her gloves. “We won't be late, I promise,” she said, leaning down to kiss Maz on the cheek. “Well I shall be in bed soon enough,” Maz said. “You take care and don't get too cold. Can't have both of us laid up!” “Alright,” Rey said giving her a smile. They descended down the back stairs and exited through the shop, Rey slipping the key through the hole in her pocket to rest safely in the lining of her coat. “I haven't got much money,” Jess confessed as they trudged along the snowy road towards the streetcar. “It doesn't matter,” Rey told her. “Finn can pay.” And so he should. “He's good to you,” Jess commented. “He must really love you.” Rey stared ahead and shrugged one shoulder. “He's my best friend,” Rey said. “Zlata said he used to be at the workshop.” Rey swallowed. “That was a long time ago.” “Before Unkar Plutt,” Jess added as they turned the corner and made their way down the main street towards the tram stop. “Look, there's our ride!” Rey deflected as they saw the tram standing at the stop a little way ahead. It was Sunday, and the street cars didn't run so often, or so late and if they missed it it would be a long wait before the next one passed. “Shit!” Jessika cursed as the pair of them set off at a run towards the stop to catch it before it left. Rey made it first, jumping onto the back and grabbing the pole before reaching back to catch Jessika's hand. The conductor approached and Rey paid for Jessika and Jessika paid for Rey, a silly little ritual that they always shared to show that they would pay for each other if either of them could. “It's busy,” Jessika commented a little while later as they swung down from the back of the car and onto the street. There were a lot of people about, huddled in groups here and there, passing bottles of vodka between their thick coats and their breath misting in the frigid air. As they walked, Rey spied a few banners waiting to be unfurled, bright red fabric wrapped around tall poles and leant against a wall or lamppost. The moment they had stepped off the car, Rey had felt it, a strange energy thrumming through the air but if Jessika found it exciting, Rey herself found it unsettling. She pushed Kylo Ren's words to the back of her mind, linking arms with Jessika and heading down a side street to meet Finn instead. It was small place in a back street that ran off Tverskoy Boulevard, with none of the glamor and a price to match. It was the kind of cheap bohemian haunt favored by left leaning “intellectuals” like her fiance but it was clean at least, and not utterly choked with tobacco smoke. People were drinking more vodka, and Rey had no doubt that the chatter they heard as they passed through the tables tended towards the political as it had with Finn and Poe on the previous occasions she'd visited. Rey remembered a time when had been thrilled at the opportunity to smoke cigarettes with handsome young revolutionaries and listen to them crowe about the struggle but it seemed somehow much less exciting tonight. Finn was already waiting when they arrived, tucked in the back at a long table with Poe and some people she didn't recognise. As soon as they entered, Finn was out of his seat, weaving between the crowded tables towards her with a relieved smile on his face. “You came,” he uttered, reaching for her and she frowned a little. “Of course I did,” she replied and he nodded. “Of course you did,” he said, giving her a squeeze. “Hi Jess,” he said, leaning over and kissing her on the cheek as Rey considered his words. “Come on.” Finn took Rey's hand and led the pair of them towards the back, where Poe rose to his feet to greet them. “Rey, little sister,” he uttered with a crease in his brow. “Thank god you're alright.” Before she could say anything he pulled her into a hug. “I'm sorry,” he said quietly into her ear so that noone else might hear. “I never meant for you to be involved in any of this.” “Not now hey Poe?” she replied quietly, pulling back and looking him in the eye. He sucked his lip between his teeth and nodded. “Alright,” he murmured. “You've met Jessika,” she said, plastering a smile on her face and turning to her friend. “Yes, hello again,” Poe said, stepping out and catching her in an embrace. They kissed, three times, much to Jessika's delight as Finn tugged Rey to sit on the bench beside him. “Do you want a drink?” he asked. “No thank you,” she murmured. “Of course,” he quipped. “Not until Christmas right?” “Right,” Rey said drably, meeting his eye and holding it firmly. “Rey this is Kolya, Grisha, Vitaly I think you've already met,” Poe interrupted. Rey looked around the table, smiling and nodding and nodding and smiling. “Give us some vodka,” he said, gesturing down the table. Jess caught Rey's eye, practically beaming as Poe settled down beside her and poured her a shot. As the tavern grew more crowded, the air grew thicker, with the smoke of cigarettes and the chatter of excitable voices. Rey cast her eye around the room to take in the faces, male and female, old and young. From outside the parp parp of brass instruments tuning up drifted through the windows and the conversation grew louder and louder until Rey almost couldn't hear herself think. She swallowed and twisted her fingers into her coat, repressing her growing sense of claustrophobia as the room filled up. “Okay?” Finn murmured quietly and she nodded, but when she wouldn't meet his eye, he scowled. “Come on,” he urged, cupping her elbow and standing up. Chairs scraped loudly as their party shuffled out behind them, Rey squeezing onto Finn's hand as she reached back to catch Jessika's with the other. Part of wished she had drunk a little vodka as the cool air hit her face but it was a relief at least to be out in the open - somewhat. The street was crowded with at least a few hundred people and she was sure they must stretch down the street and onto the main road. Some of the banners had been opened, the brass band occasionally striking up a little ditty before falling quiet, the noise only to be replaced by a distant cheer or the half hearted chant of some slogan. Finn kept his arm around her as the speeches began, impassioned monologues given from atop horse carts that were met with enthusiastic cheers or derisive jeers as the oration required. It was the usual stuff, peace, land and bread, better wages, modernization, the unity of the urban worker with the rural peasant in common cause. It was rousing stuff, even Rey couldn't deny, and the crowd was so enthusiastic that noone but Finn noticed when she didn't cheer. “You okay?” he asked quietly and she nodded tightly, an unpleasant knotting sensation twisting in her gut. He held her hand tightly and it was comforting, a least a little bit. Eventually the banners unfurled and the band began to play. Near the front, the people formed rows by linking their arms together. Solidarity, they called but to Rey it felt like being a fish trapped in a net. Her breath came in short, sharp pants and she felt like that same fish flailing as it was taken out of water and when Finn noticed her discomfort, he didn't berate her. He tugged on her arm and guided her gradually sideways until they emerged from the crowd. “I'm okay, I'm okay,” she insisted as he bundled into a shop doorway. “You're not,” he said with a slight scowl. “I should take you home.” “Everything alright?” Poe said, appearing beside them hand in and with Jessika. “I'm fine,” Rey said as the crowd moved past, relieved to see the neat rows had given way to a looser, less confining style of walking. “Let's go.” Still, for all her protestations to the contrary, she really wasn't fine. And as they walked, she glanced from side to side at the faces of the people around her, singing now but it just made her feel more lost, like noone would hear her if she cried for help. The tuba's boomed and the trumpets trumped, an endless cacophony of sound and a sea of dark coats against the snowy street. She slowed her pace imperceptibly, a crease marring her brow as she peered through the crowd and just for a second, she thought she glimpsed a familiar face. It was not a kind face, and for a second she had a flash of those cold, hard eyes on the library stairs. She faltered, coming to a complete stop and the crowd moved on around her carrying Finn and Poe and Jessika with it. She thought she heard her name over the din but even when she stood on tip toes she still couldn't catch sight of her friends. A shoulder knocked into her as the bodies shuffled past and she staggered, and staggered again it happened once more. She swallowed hard and took a deep breath, twisting her head around to see the mass of bodies still surging down the street from behind her. Go, a voice in her head told her. Go now! She was cold, and alone and her heart was thrumming out a manic rhythm in her chest as she began to worry about Finn and Poe and Jess. Oh Jessika, she felt terrible for leaving her but how could she find her now? There was something, something in her chest that didn't feel right. Home, she thought to herself. I want to go home. So as the crowd moved ahead, she moved slowly back, weaving through the lines of protesters until she left the marching horde completely and stood standing in the middle of the road. A group of kids came running past, throwing snowballs in the air and the sound of their innocent laughter made her gut twist up in knots. She couldn't fight it, didn't want to. Her breath was loud in her ears, her feet crunching on the impacted snow and ice beneath. She glanced around, trying to get her bearings. It was Tverskaya Street, the road lined with bright lights from the behind the windows of a parade of boutiques and restaurants. Every now and then the odd horse carriage would cross the street and vanish a moment later, the long rails of the street car winding down the road to disappear into the distance. It was busy enough even on a Sunday night, the occasional squeal of violins reaching her ears as the musicians played on in spite of the protest outside. She spied the odd pair of top hatted gentlemen smoking and laughing as behind the glass, the wealthy of Moscow caroused at dinner. It should bother her, it usually would bother her, the callous indifference of these people while their countrymen marched begging for bread, but all she cared for in that moment was getting home. Home. Where it was warm and safe and she could disappear into her books and pretend the world was like those French fairy stories she read. She paced on as fast as her legs would carry her until, winded, she came to a stop beside a tree, planting her palm against the trunk and leaning forward a little to catch her breath. Beyond making sure she wasn't run down by a horse, she paid little heed to her surroundings, dimly aware of the comings and goings from the buildings around her. A short distance away a small group of people emerged from one of the dining halls, chattering enthusiastically as a number of carriages appeared to ferry them away. What a lovely evening and you must call soon, and wasn't it a pleasure doing business with you. As they pulled away, two figures remained on the side of the road, bickering as they circled a sleigh tied to a single horse. “You're drunk.” “I am not drunk, Marek,” a familiar voice replied haughtily. “I am merely fortified against the winter chill.” “Is that what you call it?” Rey raised her head and watched, her lips parting and her eyes widening a little as she saw Kylo Ren's driver turn and climb into the driver's seat. “As if you haven't been out here tippling on brandy all night,” Kylo Ren accused. “You've been in my liquor cabinet!” “I won it off you, don't you remember?” Marek replied unconcerned. “You're a disgusting cheat, Marek,” he replied. “Oh shut up, I want to go home!” Marek scolded. “Alright, alright, Jesus,” Kylo groused, stomping around the back of the sleigh. Rey gulped, certain that if she didn't go now he'd see her and she could do without any of his nonsense tonight thank you very much. She turned around quickly and began to cross the street but she was doomed if she did and she was doomed if she didn't. “Oh, Marek, look,” Kylo cried. “It's our little bolshevik!” Rey cringed and increased her pace. “Miss Kenobi!” “Ah, leave her, sir,” Marek chided. “Miss Kenobi!” he called again, trotting into the middle of the road after her. “Hey don't walk away from me!” Rey froze and clenched her jaw, her fists clenching as he neared. “Yes, it is you!” he sneered, coming closer. She turned and stood as straight as she could, raising her chin defiantly as his huge form hulked across the snow towards her. “I want a word with you, young lady,” he said as he came near, stopping a short distance in front of her and glowering down his nose at her. Rey scowled. “Well I don't want a word with you,” she replied indignantly. “You owe me an apology,” he growled and her jaw dropped. “I'm not apologizing to you, you....entitled boor!” she hissed. He seemed to get taller for a moment, a look of irritation spreading across his face. “You're a very rude girl, you know that?” he remarked acidly. “I've half a mind to....to....” He grit his teeth and cast his eye up down her defiant form, stepping ever closer. “Half a mind to what?” she snapped back and his lip curled, his breath misting out of his flaring nostrils and making him look very much like a dragon. “Mister Ren, sir!” Marek called from across the street but Ren ignored him. “What are you doing out here, anyway?” he demanded. Rey held his eye, a fierce expression on her face. “What's it to you?” she said in a sulking tone. His eyes narrowed. “Kylo!” Marek shouted. “Off to your little protest? I thought you had a brain,” Ren told her and she huffed. “Oh, go away,” she uttered despairingly, turning on her heel and stepping down the street to escape him. “Miss!” Marek's voice was drowned out by the thunder of horses pounding on the impacted ice. “Rey!” a voice screamed and she squeaked in surprise as an arm wrapped around her waist and hefted her to one side. She staggered, clutching at Ren's coat as his arms went around her and pulled her from the road. Together they stumbled, a crooked kind of dance as he dragged her out of the road just as the troop of dragoon guards rode by. Rey gasped, staring in disbelief as the horses moved past them. There were at least two dozen, maybe more, tall steeds each mounted by a soldier in a thick coat and a tall, bearskin hat. Her eyes went wide as tea saucers as she saw the long swords at their sides and the rifles strapped to their back. “Dragoons!” Ren uttered beside her, his tone clipped, wary. “Kylo!” Marek bellowed from across the street and Rey glanced towards him to see him standing up on top of the sled with a panicked expression on his face. A second later, Kylo hooked his hand in her arm and began to drag her, stumbling, across the street. “What are you doing?” she hissed as he pulled her towards the sled. “We need to leave,” he growled and she tugged against him. “I'm not going anywhere with you!” “You want to stay here and get skewered? To hell with you then!” He shoved her out of his arms and paced away from her. As he went, the distant noise of the marching crowd morphed from an enthusiastic cheer to a panicked scream. Rey shuddered, her brow furrowing in fear and her breath catching in her throat. Kylo Ren froze for a moment, before spinning on his heel and turning back towards her. “Come on!” he bellowed, and this time when he pulled on her arm she didn't resist. Notes: I'm sorry but hey! At least they're together???? Have faith! I won't abandon them or you! Chapter 10 Notes: Long hiatus was long. Sorry. Real life totally prevented any writing and then I had to spend a couple of days finding my writing juju and over-eating cadburys caramel despairing that it might have gone for good. BUT NO! IT CAME BACK! YASS! So onward! Enjoy! Feedback is loved and adored! Hope it doesn't disappoint (it will disappoint a little, there is no kissing, damn you plot!). We left our heroes (?) on Tverskaya Street, a squad of fearsome dragoons has just ridden by to unleash all sorts of hell on the protestors and Kylo is dragging a shocked Rey towards his sleigh as Marek waits with the horse ready to whisk them out of danger! Kylo's big hand dwarfed hers completely as he took hold of it and pulled her towards the sleigh. Rey turned her head, squinting into the distance as anxiety twisted in her gut. The screaming grew louder against a backdrop of chaotic shouting and the smashing of shop windows. “What's happening?” she gasped but Kylo didn't reply, just grabbed her around the waist and deposited her bodily into the back of his sled. “Hurry, Marek! Go!” he cried as he pulled himself up and Rey shrank into the seat to make room for him. “Home?” Marek replied, tugging on the horse reins and urging the animal on. “Too far,” Kylo uttered, shaking his head and glancing back over his shoulder. “Finn! Jess!” Rey cried in a fearful tone, twisting on the seat and gripping the back of the sledge as they began to move at speed down the street. “Oh what are they doing?!” “Didn't I tell you?” Kylo complained, half to her, half to himself. “Didn't I say?” “Oh, stop it!” Rey whined, twisting around and collapsing across the seat with a pained expression taking up residence on her face. Gunshots sounded in the distance and she flinched, screwing her eyes up and her breath escaping her in a feeble yelp. Ren observed her, the way she seemed to coil in on herself, her fingers digging into the seat in a death grip. Rey didn't say anything, just trembled fearfully as he covered them both with the fur stole that sat squashed between them on the seat. “Marek, get us off the main road and fast!” Ren barked and Marek snapped the reigns across the horses back, urging him on. “Where are we even going?” he yelled over his shoulder. “Can you get us to the Metropol?” Kylo said, leaning towards the front. “What? We have to cross the main street!” Marek replied, tugging on the reins. “Take us behind the Bolshoi then!” Kylo barked. “Ay, saints preserve us!” Marek complained, heaving on the reins and urging the horse to turn down a side street. “No!” Rey cried, sitting up straight. “We have to go back!” “Are you mad?” Ren hissed. “Oh please!” she implored. “Please, we have to help them.” Ren scowled at her and shook his head in disbelief. “Oh Finn,” she whimpered, thinking of him back there with Poe and Jessika. “Oh god,” she rasped, please let them be alright! Rey screwed her eyes shut tight and let out a sob, pulling her scarf up around her chin and shivering with fear. “Drink this,” Kylo commanded a minute later, shoving a small flask under her nose. “What is it?” Rey asked, taking it from him with shaking hands. “You're a willful little thing,” he groused and she peeked up at him through her lashes before taking a sip. “Ugh that's awful,” she said with a retch. “That cognac cost more than you earn in a year,” he informed her. Rey closed her eyes and looked away as he plucked the flask from her hands. “Oh I hate you," she sulked. “Yes, I'm sure you do, little sister,” he uttered snarkily, taking a swig of brandy himself. As they moved down the street, the horse reared her head and stamped her feet as another group of dragoons passed across the intersection ahead. “Woah, girl,” Marek cried, attempting to soothe her. “Where are we going?” Rey demanded and Kylo scowled. “Somewhere safe,” he replied. “I want to go home,” she countered and he curled his lip. “If you think we're going anywhere west of here right now, you're even more idiotic than I thought,” he told her. Rey scowled right back and her lip curled too, her expression an involuntary parody of his own. “I didn't ask for your help,” she snapped, the brandy setting a fire in her belly. “You little ingrate,” Kylo seethed. “I don't know why I bothered!” “Oh will you two shut up!” Marek shouted. “Snezhinka is already upset without you two aggravating her!” “Snowflake?” Rey uttered. “You called your horse snowflake?” “I'm sorry,” Kylo growled. “Is that too bourgeois for you? Perhaps you could suggest something more proletarian?” Rey gaped at him. “You are....are.....argh!” she huffed, her eyes flicking up and down him before settling on the flask of brandy in his hand. Without asking she snatched it from him and and took another swig. “Ugh!” Kylo snorted, his nostrils flaring as he watched her shudder before he wrested the flask out of her hand. He took a drink and sulkily lit a cigarette as the sled moved on, watching from the corner of his eye as she shivered in the seat beside him. They fell silent, the cacophony of the riot fading away until there was only the sound of the horseshoes on the road and the hush of the sledge as it flew across the ice. Rey swayed in her seat, bumping his shoulder and staring ahead at the back of Marek's head. “Here,” he said gruffly, passing his cigarette to her. Rey swallowed and glanced towards him, meeting his eye for just a moment before accepting it. She took a few little puffs and slid down in her seat, her shoulders sagging dejectedly. After a moment, Kylo reached over and plucked the cigarette from her fingers, smoking it for a minute as Rey pretended not to notice him watching her. She closed her eyes and sent up a little prayer. Please God, let them be alright! They passed through a side street, the sled sliding between a row of crooked houses until they emerged behind a tall and majestic building. Even from the back, Rey recognized it instantly, although she had never been inside. The theater, the theater, the only theater that could possibly matter. Rey sat up and stared at the impressive facade of the Bolshoi as the sleigh moved on, grateful for the distraction as Marek guided them across the near empty square. A heartbeat later and they were gliding across a wide boulevard, eerily empty for the time of night and the location. Rey shivered. “Marek, deal with Snezhinka, I'll have them bring you something hot,” Kylo said as they came to a stop outside a less grand but no still impressive building. The Metropol hotel, a Moscow landmark in and of itself. Rey stared up at it, stunned into silence as Kylo hopped down onto the snow. He turned back to offer Rey his hand and she just stared at him, mouth gaping. At her hesitation, he huffed. “You want to wait in the stables?” he quipped and she frowned, grudgingly taking his hand and clambering down onto the street. Immediately Marek set off down the road and Kylo was dragging her towards the front door. “I don't need you to hold my hand,” she spat back, tugging it out of his grip. He huffed at her, hesitating for a moment as he turned back to her. “Keep quiet,” he commanded gruffly and she scowled right back at him. “What are we doing here?” she demanded and his nostrils flared, but before he could reply his eyes darted to some unknown spot over her shoulder. “Waiting out the worst of.... this, ” he said, taking hold of her arm again and urging her towards the door. Rey glanced back over her shoulder, stumbling slightly as he pulled her towards the steps. Across the street behind she saw several shadowy figures emerging across the bright snow covered ground of the square. Her eyes were wide, her brows furrowed with concern as she watched dozens of people appear, running – fleeing the chaos of the protest beyond. Her breath hitched and when Ren's arm went around her shoulders, she didn't resist. “Monsieur Ren,” the doorman intoned as they passed through the entrance, casting his beady eye over Rey as she stumbled into her accidental protector. As they walked into the lobby, her eyes went wide and her jaw dropped. “Close your mouth,” Kylo told her quietly as he urged her up the stairs and into the atrium. “Monsieur Ren, sir,” the maitre d'hotel uttered, appearing beside them. “Mr Popov, please inform Monsieur Iganov that I have need of his office,” Kylo said and the man nodded curtly, looking Rey up and down for a moment before scurrying away. Rey was too busy taking in the sight to really notice, staring up at the glittering chandelier that hung from the ceiling above. The walls and floors were made of gleaming, polished marble that reflected soft light, the strains of a string quartet drifting through the lobby from the dining room beyond. “You....you....” she sputtered and Kylo huffed. “Happen to be the proprietor,” he told her, hustling her through the onward towards a tall set of double doors. They passed through and Rey couldn't help but peek into the dining room as they went, the sound of strings drifting through the door as an old couple emerged into the hall. They were finely dressed, if a little old fashioned for Rey's taste but oh, how she longed to see inside that room. She'd passed the Metropol many times, heard tales from Madame Petrova of the sort of dances that went on in the ballroom. Kylo Ren seemed much less impressed with it all but then she supposed he would, striding down the corridor exactly like he owned the place because of course he did. Rey wondered exactly how rich he was and not for the first time that evening, quite what was going through his head in bringing her here. She and him were natural enemies weren't they? Like cats and dogs. She narrowed her eyes at him, remembering suddenly that she was not meant to be impressed but irritated. “Unhand me!” she demanded, tugging away from his grip so abruptly that he faltered. He turned to face her, his lip twitching as he leant his face down to hers and Rey gulped as she noticed his gloved hands clenching into fists. Ren didn't speak and she got the impression that he was biting his tongue. “This way,” he said eventually, gesturing with his hand down a slightly narrower side corridor. Rey raised her chin haughtily and pushed her shoulders back, taking a step towards the heavy oak door at the other end. It was an office, far grander than Plutt's....or rather, Mitaka's, back at the warehouse. Rey couldn't say she'd ever had occasion to be in anyway as grand or officious as this place, nor anywhere so commodiously furnished. She stood inside the door, taking in the expensive wood panelling that lined the room as Kylo strode towards the window. “We can wait in here until the worst of it's over,” he said, brushing the curtain aside with the back of his hand and peering out into the square. The unmistakeable sound of gunshots sounded in the distance and Rey shivered, pacing towards him and trying to peer outside. Kylo dropped his hand, the curtain falling back across the window and obscuring her view. “Come away,” he urged, placing a hand on her shoulder. “What's happening?” she uttered, concern marring her brow as she peered up at him. “Nothing that either of us can prevent now,” was his answer. Rey frowned but didn't protest as he urged her towards the fire place. Rey bumbled forward, finding herself not so much pushed as... encouraged... into an armchair. She was shivering, with cold and shock, staring into the fire as Ren stepped towards it and yanked the guard away from the front. “Wuh....why are you helping me?” she asked quietly as he heaped a shovelful of coal onto it and stacked a log on top. “Why wouldn't I?” he said, rising to his feet and brushing his gloved hands together. He didn't look at her, watching the fire catch as he slowly peeled his gloves off. Rey looked at him hard, not entirely sure how to respond. At that moment the door opened and Ren raised his head towards it as the man from before, Mr Popov entered followed by another older gentleman. “Monsieur Ren, sir,” he said, stepping closer. “Monsieur Iganov,” Ren replied, turning towards him. Rey flushed at the older man's appraisal, peering down his nose at her as she sat hunched in the chair. “Pardon the intrusion,” Ren said smoothly. “My companion and I seem to have run into some trouble.” “Quite monsieur,” Mr Iganov replied. “Mr Popov informs there is some unrest on Tverskaya Street. Bolsheviks stirring up trouble.” Rey clenched her teeth and scowled at him and Kylo arched a single brow, glancing at down at her with an expression that seemed to imply that she should keep quiet. She turned her face away and stared at the glowing cinders in the hearth instead. “Something like that,” Ren replied. “If you would be so good as to have some coffee sent up, it's rather cold out tonight.” “Of course monsieur,” Mr Iganov replied, snapping his fingers at Mr Popov. “Marek is in the stables, have them send him something hot to drink won't you,” Ren commanded blithely. “And perhaps a drop of brandy.” “Certainly monsieur,” Mr Iganov said with a faint bow. “Monsieur if I may suggest,” he continued. “Your old suite is available at the moment, if you would prefer.....” “No,” Ren interrupted drably, clearly unimpressed by this suggestion. “We shall only be here an hour or two I shouldn't wonder.” “Very good monsieur,” Iganov replied, plastering a contrite smile across his face. “Thank you, Mr Iganov,” Ren half growled, enunciating each word very clearly so that there could be no mistaking his meaning. Go away. Mr Iganov cast a glance in Rey's direction before bowing once more and shuffling out of the door. Ren let out a heavy sigh and collapsed into the other armchair, his long legs stretching across the carpet until their feet were almost touching. Rey stared at him and wondered how anyone could walk around at such a height without suffering from vertigo. “Your suite?” she asked, peeling off her scarf and folding it into her lap. Ren looked at her and she quirked a disapproving brow, her expression haughty and disdainful. Ren smirked. “Like the idea do you?” he quipped and she curled her lip in distaste. “You're disgusting,” she snarked and he let out a sharp bark of laughter. “You have quite a high opinion of yourself, Miss Kenobi,” he told her sitting upright and digging into his coat for his cigarettes. “You must have known a very low class of woman indeed if you consider that a high opinion,” she hissed and he chuckled. “Touche,” he remarked, stuffing a cigarette in his mouth before offering her one. “No thank you,” she told him primly, folding her hands over her lap. Ren snorted and snapped the case shut, tossing it into her lap before snapping open his lighter. Rey stared at the polished silver for a moment before letting out a defeated sigh and giving in. “If you must know,” Ren continued, taking a puff and flicking the lighter at her. “I lived here for a while when I first came to Moscow.” “Oh,” Rey commented, turning it over in her hands as she attempted to figure out how to use it. He leaned closer and took it from her fingers, setting it to light and holding it in front of her. “Thank you,” she said quietly, lighting her cigarette and meeting his eye for just a moment. “You're welcome,” he rumbled before leaning back in his chair. Rey took a few little puffs, watching as he folded one long leg across the other and bounced the lighter on his knee. They sat in an awkward silence for a moment. “So where do you live now?” she asked, forcing conversation to break the tension. Ren exhaled with a sigh and flicked his thumb against the butt of his cigarette. “Prechistenka Street,” he said. Rey's brow quirked a little. Prechistenka Street was lined with ridiculously fine houses and apartments, quite another world from the one she knew. “Oh,” was her only reply, not entirely sure how she was supposed to respond without stoking that wretched ego of his. Ren met her eye and quirked a brow back but Rey refused to take the bait and quietly puffed on her cigarette instead. “Take your coat off if you like,” he said, dragging a side table closer and setting his own down into the ashtray that sat on top. “We're going to be here a little while.” “No thank you,” Rey answered demurely, embarrassed by her plain attire as his dinner suit was revealed to her. “Suit yourself,” Ren snorted and she sat up a little straighter. “I will,” she said unnecessarily. “You are a prickly little thing aren't you,” he groaned, tipping his head back in despair. “Excuse me?” Rey uttered in surprise. “Your fiance must have a constitution of steel to put up with you,” he commented and she gaped. “Ha!” Rey sputtered but Ren just shook his head and adjusted his tie. “But then I suppose men will do anything for a pretty face” he added and she scowled. “You're insufferable, you know that?” she snapped. “Quite a pair we make,” he retorted in irritation. “Why did you even bring me here? Why didn't you just leave me on the street if you think I'm so unbearable?” “Did I force you to come?” “Yes!” Rey retorted and his jaw dropped. “You little....” he growled. “Well if that's how you feel, please...” he gestured towards the door with his hand. “Don't stay on my account.” “Huh, you're like a child,” Rey accused. “Throwing your toys out of the crib!” His lip curled in a malicious grin. “Oh I wouldn't throw you out,” he leered and she gasped, pushing on the arms of the chair and standing bolt upright. “You are disgusting,” she told him. “Arrogant, entitled.....perverted.” Ren was chuckling at her tirade, smiling up at her. “Lot of experience with perverts have you?” he quipped and she huffed in disgust. “I'm not sitting here listening to this!” Rey uttered angrily. “Feel free to wait with Marek in the stables,” Ren said blithely. “I'm sure you'll feel right at home.” Rey's eyes went wide and her fists clenched. She was going to wipe that malicious grin off his face. “Oh god, you just think you're so funny don't you?” “I think you're quite funny actually,” he assured her. The door opened and a harried looking Mr. Popov entered carrying a tray laden with coffee cups and two glasses of brandy. “Monsieur, mamselle,” he said with an awkward smile as he took in the scene before him. “On the side Popov,” Ren said, turning to stare at the fire. “And show Miss Kenobi to the stables would you, since she was born in a barn she'd feel more comfortable with the horses.” Rey seethed. “They certainly make for better conversation than pigs,” she hissed before storming out of the door. Rey was fuming, striding along the corridors behind Mr Popov as he lead her under stairs, to the less glamorous parts of the hotel where men and women (mostly men) shuffled to and fro in their work overalls. They passed the kitchen, clouds of steam drifting out of the doors and the sounds of pots and pans emanated from behind double doors that would occasionally swing open to reveal a white jacket clad waiter dancing out into the corridor with silver platters balanced on his hands. Kylo Ren was quite simply the most odious, insufferable ogre she'd ever had the misfortune to encounter. She should have just run away the moment she saw him in the street and good god, what had she been thinking getting into his carriage when she knew, she knew what a bastard he was? Her mind drifted to the scene on the street, the screams of the crowd in the distance and thoughts of Finn and Poe and Jessika. She wished she'd never come out tonight, she should have just trusted her gut and stayed home, warm and safe with Maz. Oh Maz! What would she think when she learned what had happened?? “Here we are,” Mr Popov said, his distaste for her evident in his tone. He came to a halt by a rough wooden door and leaned forward to open it for her. Rey peered through into the dim stables beyond, spying a number of carriages lined up and a huddle of men lingering around a fire in the distance, their low laughs and murmurs drifting through the open door. “Thank you,” she said meekly before scurrying through. She wandered through the parked coaches, glancing around to get a glimpse of where Marek was waiting. She slipped down one side to a the stalls where a number of horses were tied, walking along a wood clad wall where bridles were hanging alongside raggedy old broom heads and brushes looped with string. She came to a stop next to Snezhinka, recognizable by her dappled grey and white coat amid a sea of browns and blacks. The horse snorted at her, nudging her with her snout as she stood under a rough blanket chewing on a mouthful of oats. “Miss Kenobi?!” Marek uttered, stepping out from the group of men who huddled by the fire. “Er...hello Mr Marek,” she replied, coming face to face with the driver. “It's just Marek, Miss,” he said with a gentle smile, pulling his hat off his head. “No mister.” Rey returned his smile and looked back to the horse. “What are you doing out here Miss?” “Um, I decided I'd rather wait with you,” she explained awkwardly, aware of the stares of the men across the stable and the fact that she was the only woman among them. “If that's alright.” “Course it is Miss,” Marek assured her. “Come and have some tea won't you miss?” “Huh, okay,” Rey said shyly, following behind as he lead her to a rickety table with a samovar on top. He plucked a glass from a haphazard stack on a battered tray beside the samovar, dropping a few sugar cubes into one before filling it with tea. “Thank you,” Rey said, taking it from him and quirking her lips in a nervous smile as she glimpsed around the gaggle of men who were staring at her. She gulped the tea down quickly, aware of the silence that settled over them since her arrival. “Um, thank you Marek,” she said, setting the glass down on the table. “I'll uh, I'll wait in the carriage if you like.” “It's alright miss,” he said. “Here.” He reached his hand out towards and she lifted her palm, blinking in confusion as he dropped several sugar cubes into it. “For the horse, miss,” he explained and she smiled. “Oh,” she chuffed and he grinned. “Come on, miss,” he said, gently herding her away from the group of men and back to where Snezhinka stood chewing her oats. “Hold you hand out flat miss, like this miss, ” he told her, holding his own out and placing a single sugar cube on top. The horse turned towards him and snaffled the sugar out of his palm, crunching happily away as Rey looked on. Rey smiled, mimicking Marek's actions and stroking Snezhinka's nose as she ate. “She's very sweet,” she commented. “Yes, miss,” Marek chuckled. “It's just Rey,” she told him. “No miss.” “Alright, miss,” he replied. “I mean, Rey, miss.” Rey made a face but his manner was so gentle she just smiled and shook her head. “You're a funny one, Marek,” she told him and he nodded. “Aye, have to be miss,” he explained. “To put up with him, miss.” He gestured with his thumb over his shoulder at the door on the far wall. “You're a saint,” Rey said. “I don't know how you do it.” Marek smiled. “Oh he's not so bad as all that,” he replied and she snorted. “Once you get to know him miss.” “Please don't call me miss,” she implored and he nodded. “Okay then.....Rey,” he said and she smiled. “What sort of name is Marek?” she asked and he smiled again. “Polish it is,” he told her and she nodded slowly, her mouth forming an O of comprehension. “How did you end up in Moscow?” she said, feeding Snezhinka some more sugar. “How do any of us, miss,” Marek demurred. “Rey,” she corrected. “Yes, Rey,” he agreed. “Sorry about the other day, Rey. That business in the car.” “Do you always apologize for him?” she asked. “Only when I know he didn't mean it miss, Rey miss.” She raised a brow. “You rubbed him up the wrong way, that's all,” Marek said, stroking up Snezhinka's neck and scratching behind her ear. “When you talked about the children.” “What?” she asked, looking at his face but he avoided her eye. “It's a sore point is all, miss....ah, Rey,” Marek explained. Rey stared at him for a minute, her lashes fluttering as she let his words sink in. “You play Durak, Rey?” he asked, looking at her and changing the subject. “Erm, yeah,” Rey replied and he grinned. “Come on then,” he said, pulling a pack of cards from his pocket and leading her back towards the samovar. They sat for a while near the fire, playing on top of an upturned barrel with a very young stable-hand named Peter who Rey figured can't have been much older than 15, and an old codger named Kiril who would whack Peter on the back of the head every time he swore. “There is a lady present,” he chided and Rey blushed. It was funny really, that this ragged bunch of stable-hands and coach drivers could make her feel more like a lady than the supposed gentleman she'd left indoors. Let him keep his coffee and his expensive French cigarettes, she was perfectly happy with tea and old Kiril's roll ups. But if she was grateful for the distraction, she couldn't pretend that on the inside she wasn't utterly heartsick with worry for her friends, for everyone and anyone that might have been caught up what was happening outside. She felt a pang of guilt, laughing at Marek's jokes and eating cubes of sugar while Finn and Jess were out there suffering god knew what kind of torment. The city was still and the trouble seemed to have died down, and Rey hoped perhaps that really it wasn't as bad as she'd first thought. At least an hour had passed, probably two in all honesty when Kylo Ren eventually appeared in the stables, the wooden door banging against the wall to announce his presence as he came striding into the yard. “Marek, get the sleigh ready,” he commanded, interrupting the game and casting a scornful glare at Rey. “Yes, sir,” Marek said, rising to his feet and casting an understanding glance in Rey's direction. “We're leaving,” Ren told her as she rose to her feet and gathered Marek's playing cards up and slipped them back into the battered box he carried them in. Peter and Kiril shuffled away, everyone suddenly remembering they needed to brush their horses down or tighten the screws on their carriages. “So it's over then?” Rey ventured bravely and Ren looked her up and down for a moment before turning his gaze to the courtyard outside. “Apparently so,” he replied. “They've arrested a lot of people so I understand.” “Oh?” Rey inquired, stepping towards him. Marek passed a little way behind, leading Snowflake across the the stable and setting about fastening the sled to her. “I think it was lucky for you that you were out of it,” Kylo said, that arrogant persona seeming to have vanished now to be replaced with a much more solemn and earnest man. “There...they say a lot of people were killed,” he confessed gravely and she paled, staring at the buttons on his coat. Rey swallowed, swaying imperceptibly as she let his words sink in. “How do you know?” Rey breathed, not meeting his eye. “I know things,” he replied vaguely. They fell silent, the quiet murmurs of the men in the stable the only sound and their breath rising up in misty clouds between them.“Come on,” he said after a minute, tugging lightly on her coat sleeve and taking a step away. “We'll take you home.” The city was eerily quiet as the slipped through the snowy streets, the sleigh hushing over the frosty ground as Rey stared with unseeing eyes across the facades of houses and storefronts that passed them by. A little while later and they were in Presnya again, the familiar shape of the workshop looming on the horizon to remind her of how very different they were, she and this man that seemed to have taken it upon himself to rescue her. He was a gentleman, or he was at least rich if that was a bit of stretch, and she was nothing, no-one, just some shop girl from the factory district. Rey wasn't stupid enough to believe she'd ever be anything more to him than bit of a laugh, men like him ate girls like her for breakfast. “Just here will do Marek,” Kylo called to the driver as they neared the front of Maz' little shop. Rey's brow furrowed as she glanced up and noticed a light burning behind the frost speckled glass and when she looked at Kylo Ren she saw that he had noticed it too. When they came to a stop, Rey brushed her hands down and legs and cleared her throat with a vague cough. “Er....thank you,” she said quietly, risking a glimpse at his face. “Think nothing of it,” he murmured, seeming equally as chastened as she by the events of the evening. “I um...I'm sorry if I was rude,” Rey added meekly. Kylo stared at her hands for a moment. “It takes two to tango,” he commented and she furrowed her brow. “Isn't that a kind of dance?” she queried mildly. “Yes,” he replied, meeting her eye. “Yes it is.” Rey's mouth opened and closed but not sound came out so she just nodded. “Well alright,” she mumbled, rising from her seat and hopping down onto the ground beside the coach. “Thanks Marek. Goodbye.” “You're welcome Miss Rey,” he said, tipping his woolly hat at her. She smiled and turned away, walking back towards the archway and feeling inside her coat for the key. “Miss Kenobi,” Kylo called and she stopped, turning to see him climb down and walk slowly towards her. “Miss Kenobi, your....you've seen that before haven't you?” he asked softly, looking her in the eye with a sincere expression on his face. Rey's stomach flip flopped and she held her breath as his words sank in, nodding because she couldn't quite seem to find the right words. “Your parents,” Ren added gently. “They were killed in the uprising.” “Yes,” she croaked, looking him right in the eye. His lashes fluttered and something in his face seemed to soften a little. “I'm sorry,” he told her. Rey's lip twitched, her nostrils flaring as she took a few shallow breaths. Before she could think of what to say, a loud sound like a door banging echoed off the buildings around them. Rey couldn't be sure where it had come from, glancing around nervously as the sound fizzled to nothingness. “You better get inside,” Kylo told her in a low, rumbling voice and she nodded. “Goodnight monsieur,” she told him. “Goodnight mamselle,” he replied, watching as she pulled the key from her pocket and stepped into the doorway of Maz' store. They lingered, Marek and he, on the street until Rey had the door open and she stepped inside. As she turned to close the door behind her, Rey gave him a very small, tight smile, her lashes fluttering as she met his eye. Kylo Ren held it, giving her a slight bow before she turned away and shut the door behind her. Chapter 11 Notes: If you commented on my update, THANKYOU I LOVE YOU. If you didn't boooo hisss you're mean. Comments are life! ONWARD! And in case I needed to remind you all, Kylo Ren is most definitely a scoundrel. Rey lingered by the door for a long moment, closing her eyes and taking a deep breath. It was late and Maz was awake and here she was returning home without Jess or even Finn or Poe to escort her. She stepped into the workroom and opened the door to the roof, taking two steps up when she became aware of the murmur of voices upstairs. With her heart in her mouth, Rey hurried upward, unconcerned about the heavy sound of her boots against the wood. Flinging open the door, she let out a stuttering cry to see Jess, standing apparently unharmed besides Poe. “Rey!” she cried, dropping the cloth in her hand and turning to catch her friend in an embrace. “Oh thank god,” Rey cried. “Thank god, you're alright!” “Oh Rey where have you been?” Jess wailed. “I've been out of my mind with worry!” “I...I... left....I couldn't stand the crowd and I....oh Poe! Your face?” Rey gasped, stepping closer and letting him catch her hand. “I'm okay,” he told her, squeezing her fingers and peering up at her with his good eye. “You're not! Oh Poe, what happened?” Rey uttered, sinking to her knees and taking a good look at him. His cheek was covered in bruises, his eye puffed up so much it was almost totally closed, a long gash marring the side of his face. The skin around it was stained yellow and the air around him smelled strongly of iodine. “A dragoon,” he explained. “He was very brave, Rey,” Jess said, stepping closer. “He pushed me out of the way.” “Oh Poe!” Rey threw her arms around his shoulders and hugging him tight. “Eeeasy,” he said, stroking the back of her head. “I'm sorry, I'm sorry,” Rey sputtered, pulling back and reaching up to wipe a tear from her eye. “Where's Finn?” Poe and Jessika shared a look and a second later, Maz entered from the bedroom carrying some clean cloths. “Rey!” the old woman cried and Rey rose to her feet, opening her arms to catch her as Maz wrapped her in an embrace. “Oh child don't you ever do that to me again!” Maz chided, holding Rey's face in her warm hands and plastering kisses all over her. “I've been sick with worry thinking of you!” “I'm sorry, I'm sorry,” Rey babbled, tears streaming down her face. “I shouldn't have gone! I didn't really want to go, all night I wished I was home with you!” “Oh child,” Maz said, screwing her face up and hugging her tight. “Jessika told me what happened. Those beasts!” “How we were walking home,” Jess interjected, giving Rey a look over the top of Maz' head. “When the trouble found us.” Rey swallowed and repressed the pang of guilt that bubbled up inside her at Jess' lie. “Where's Finn?” Rey asked, pulling back from Maz' embrace and turning to Jess and Poe. “Rey,” Poe said stiffly, every word from his mouth nudging the cut on his face and making him grimace with pain. “Rey it's not good news,” Jess said, stepping closer and dragging a chair up as she urged Rey to sit. “Just tell me!” Rey implored. “Tell me where he is!” “He's....Finn's been arrested,” Jess said and Rey whimpered, her breath catching in her chest. She pressed her hand to her mouth. “Arrested!” she cried, glancing over at Poe. Maz stepped closer and squeezed her shoulder. “Child,” she said gently but Rey was inconsolable. “Oh my god, is he alright? Is he hurt?” she asked and Jess shook her head. “We don't know much,” she explained. “Poe's friend Grisha told us, he was just here. They took him and Vitaly and some of the others away.” “Where?” “Taganka prison,” Poe said with a wince and Rey screwed her eyes up, biting her lip as she tried not to cry too hard. “They're animals, Rey,” Poe growled. “There were women and children in that crowd and they just....” Maz tutted, hushing him as she stepped closer and set to dressing his wound. “Oh Mr Dameron,” she clucked. “You need to go to a hospital!” “He can't Maz,” Jess exclaimed, stepping towards him. “They'll arrest him on the spot!” “Oh what is happening to this world that innocent people can't walk the streets at night?!” Maz cried, pressing a clean, folded handkerchief gently against Poe's cheek. Jess moved closer, holding it in place while Maz began to wind a bandage slowly around his head. “I'll tell you what's happening,” Poe ground out, trying not to move his face too much. “A change is coming, that's what, and soon those bastards will pay for what they've done, what they do to all of us!” The door to the landing clicked and Rey flinched, spinning on her heel towards the sound. Jess soothed her with a hand to her shoulder. “Hush, it's only Stephan,” she said and Rey felt her heart start beating again and the old man shuffled in carrying a bottle of vodka. “Oh Rey,” Stephan said, smiling at her as he shut the door behind him. “Oh we are happy to see you safe.” “Thanks Stephan,” she said, crossing the floor towards him. He squeezed her shoulder and handed her the vodka. “You're friend is on his way, Mr Dameron,” Stephan told Poe. “And I thought we could all use a drink.” He turned to Rey and she nodded, taking the bottle from him and turning to the side. “You've a kind soul, Mr Ivanov,” Poe replied as Rey poured a little vodka into some teacups. “You've had a nasty shock my boy,” Stephan implored him, forcing a glass of vodka into his hand. “I was in the army in you know, I've seen these things.” Poe lingered for a while, under duress as Stephan topped up his drink and they pair sat in front of the fire smoking cigarettes. Rey shovelled some coal into the grate and Maz threw the blood stained rags on top while Jessika made them pot after pot of tea but eventually, Poe rose to his feet. “I can't stay any longer,” he said. “If they see you, you'll be arrested,” Jess warned. “That's why I have to go now,” he replied. “Get home before daybreak.” Jess fell silent and nodded stiffly. Poe dug into his pocket and pulled out some money, offering it to Maz but she shook her head. “This was Christian kindness, Mr Dameron,” she protested. “Nothing more.” “Well take it for the tea, and the iodine at least,” Poe insisted. “And Mr Ivanov's vodka.” “Oh take it Maz,” Jess implored. “Poe's only trying to be kind.” Rey gave Jess a look, and shoved Poe's hand down, knowing full well that Maz wasn't about to take any money from him. She glared at Poe who held her gaze for a moment, before dropping his stare and shuffling closer to the old woman. “I'm sorry that we brought this into your home Mrs. Kanata,” he said, taking Maz' hand. “Well, you did our Jessika a great kindness tonight,” Maz told him, squeezing his fingers and patting his shoulder. “As you have done me,” he replied. “I'm very grateful to you. And I won't forget it.” “I'm not a doctor Mr. Dameron,” she reminded him. “You must go to a hospital as soon as you can.” “I will,” he promised, giving her as much of a smile as he could muster. Maz released his hand and turned to Jessika. “You'll be alright, Jess,” he said and Jess threw her arms around him. “Oh Poe,” she said, holding him as tight as she dare. “Thank you.” He kissed her on both cheeks, and she flushed hard and Rey grimaced, clenching her jaw as Poe met her eye. “Rey, you'll show me out won't you?” he said, turning to her and giving her a look that brooked no argument. “Of course,” she stammered, shifting from foot to foot as Poe slipped on his coat before following her along the passage towards the stairs. Halfway down Poe caught her elbow. “Rey, I need you to do something for me,” he implored, holding her gaze. “What is it, Poe?” Rey asked, too tired and worn down for anything else. Poe swallowed and reached into his coat and when he removed his hand, Rey felt sick. “Oh Poe,” she gasped, staring at the pistol in his fingers. “Oh throw it away!” “No, Rey,” he growled, clasping her shoulder in a tight grip. “My friend Kolya is dead and this is the gun that killed him.” Rey stared at him agog, too shocked to respond. “There'll be no more peaceful protests, Rey. They ran us down like we were animals. That's all we are to them.” “Don't ask me to do this, Poe,” she begged, her face twisted with despair. “I can't.” “I need you Rey,” he urged. “Finn needs you.” “Oh don't you even mention his name!” she hissed and he clenched his jaw, shaking his head. “Don't worry,” he assured her. “I've got friends, and we're going to help him. We're going to do everything we can.” “This is all your fault,” she accused. “You know he idolizes you and you...you...” “Please Rey,” he begged. “Rey?” It was Maz, her voice calling drifting down the narrow passage from the roof above. She grunted, snatching the gun from his hand and stamping down the stairs a way before stopping and pulling at one of the planks of wood. She stuffed the gun into the step and covered it up, glaring up at Poe with daggers in her eyes. “Thank you,” he breathed. “Thank you.” Rey was stiff as he hurried closer and pulled her into an embrace. “I'll make this up to you Rey,” he promised and she frowned. “Make it up to Finn instead,” she growled. Poe nodded curtly. “Come on.” She lead him down the stairs and through the workroom towards the front door. He was anxious, that much was obvious, peering through the window and craning his neck around the open door jam to check the street before he stepped outside. “Thank you Rey,” he said, holding her eye. She didn't respond, just stood like a stone as he pressed a kiss on her cheek. “I'll be in touch, when I know more about Finn.” She blinked, biting her lip against the tears that threatened to fall and nodding curtly. “It's going to okay. We'll get him out and everything will be just like it was. You'll see.” “Alright,” she breathed, wanting desperately to believe him. “Goodbye, little sister” Poe said. Rey swallowed hard and nodded. “Be careful,” Rey said and he quirked a half hearted smile at her before he slipped away into the night. Rey closed the door quietly, stooping down to fasten the bolt and turning the key in the lock. She clasped it tightly in her hand and took a few steps towards the work room, her breath coming in stuttering little gasps as she went. She felt winded, breathing in but unable to breathe out and she staggered a little, catching herself on the edge of the table. “Oh god,” she sputtered as the tears began to fall. “Oh god please!” She pressed her hands together and stared up at the ceiling. “I'll do anything, just let him be alright.” She let herself cry for a minute before she took a deep breath and stood up straighter, wiping her nose and her eyes on her sleeve before she stepped back into the workroom to find a pair of eyes hovering in the dark. She jumped back, letting out a short, sharp screech that she immediately stifled by slamming her hand over her mouth. Those eyes fixed her with a piercing look, rooting her the spot for an interminable moment until Kylo Ren emerged into the shop. Rey gulped around the lump in her throat. “Strange company you keep,” he commented as he stepped nearer. “What are you doing here?” she gasped and he quirked a brow. “What are you doing here?” he replied and she scowled. “Does your fiance know you entertain strange men in your home at all hours of the night?” “He's a friend, not that it's any of your business,” Rey sneered and he smiled, a strange kind of chuckle tumbling out of his chest as he looked her up and down. “It's my business to know what goes on under my own roof,” Ren explained. “You can't just come in here when you feel like it,” Rey protested and he tilted his head to one side. “I think you'll find that I can.” Rey gulped. “And perhaps it's just as well I did. I shouldn't like to imagine what the police might say if they were to discover I've been allowing seditious activities to go on in my property.” “You're imagining things,” Rey said, clearing her throat and raising her chin defiantly. “Am I?” Kylo mumured, looking her up and down. “Marek and I saw a strange man skulking around outside.” Grisha, Rey thought to herself. Damn Poe and all his stupid Bolshevik friends! “Or was that all in my head?” Rey rubbed her lips together and tightened her fist around the key in her hand. Ren moved a little closer and peered down at her face in the half light. “You're upset,” he commented. “So what?” she muttered and he frowned. “Bad news then,” he surmised. “Someone you knew....” “Was arrested, if you must know.” Ren nodded slowly and regarded her thoughtfully for a moment. “If you don't mind, monsieur, but it's very late.” Rey brushed past him into the workroom to hang the key on a nail in the wail. Kylo turned and followed along behind her, flicking open his cigarette lighter to cast a little light around the room. He held it up and examined the dress on the mannequin against the wall, pretending not to look as Rey rubbed her fingers over her eyes and sniffed. It was a strange mockery of decency, as though he were trying to give her some privacy while she composed herself. “Your fiance,” he said, his fingers idling in a piece of lace that lay across one shoulder of the dummy. “Yes,” she uttered, watching as he turned to face her, his expression inscrutable. “That is unfortunate.” Her eyes narrowed. “Why should you care?” she said, her voice wavering in spite of her best efforts to project a confidence she didn't really feel. Ren observed her curiously, raising a brow. “Why shouldn't I?” he quipped and Rey frowned. “I hate it when people answer a question with a question,” she scolded. “You do it all the time.” “I beg your pardon,” he said, stepping towards her. “I heard you crying, surely you can understand my concern.” Rey snorted. “Your concern?” Rey replied sarcastically. “Forgive me if I find that a little hard to swallow.” Ren stepped even closer and peered down his prodigious nose at her. “You seem determined to think the very worst of me,” he commented and she huffed, shaking her head in disbelief. “As though you find me so very estimable,” she retorted and he quirked a brow, his lip twitching in a smile. “Oh I should esteem you very much,” he assured her. “If only for that sharp tongue of yours.” “I shouldn't want you to esteem me for anything else,” Rey replied and he smiled. “Shouldn't you?” he murmured, his gaze drifting southward. Rey swallowed and took a step back. “I don't think I like your tone,” she said defensively and his expression hardened. “You seem determined to misunderstand me at every turn,” Ren told her. “You act as though I were something you've trodden in.” “That's rich coming from you,” Rey exclaimed and he stood up a little straighter. “Excuse me?” he asked, his brow furrowing. “You think you're so much better than everyone,” she accused and he scoffed. “Better than everyone or just better than you?” he asked and she clenched her jaw. “What do you want?” she snapped. “Well that depends on you doesn't it?” “Me?” she uttered in confusion. “Yes,” he breathed, casting his eye slowly over her. “You. A Presnya shop girl.” He huffed, his eyes glittering as he looked her up and down. “You've done something to me.” “I haven't done anything to you,” she complained, furrowing her brow and his smile grew. “Haven't you?” he asked absently. “Enough of these riddles,” Rey cursed. “I'll speak plainly then, Miss Kenobi,” he said, stepping closer. “I could be very kind to you,” he told her. “If only you'd show me a little kindness in return.” “Kindness!?” she uttered in disbelief, slithering away from him. “Is that what you're calling it?” Ren turned on his heel, his eyes tracking her as she escaped to the far side of the room. “Call it what you want, but it doesn't change the fact that you have something I want and I have something you need.” “And what is it you suppose you have that I need?” she scoffed. He hesitated for a moment, those damnable lips of his twitching in the half light. “Friends in high places,” he said gently, holding her gaze as his words sunk in. “What do you mean?” she asked, her voice quieter now. “Do you love your fiance, Miss Kenobi?” Ren asked and she frowned. “Of course I do,” she replied and he pursed his lips, nodding slowly. “And you'd do anything for him,” Ren added. Rey narrowed her eyes and when he spoke his voice was softer than it had been before. “Let me help you Rey, let me help you.... help him.” Rey licked her lips and rubbed the back of her hand absently across her nose. “Help him how?” she prodded cautiously. Ren stepped closer. “Well that depends.” “On what?” “On what he did?” Rey swallowed, her gaze flitting from his eyes to his mouth as he came to a stop in front of her. “Where is he?” “Taganka prison,” Rey said and Ren sucked in a breath through his teeth. “Oh dear,” he commented. “Is that bad?” she asked anxiously. “It's not good, ” Kylo replied cryptically. “But not irredeemable?” she breathed and he quirked a brow. “No, not irredeemable,” he agreed. Rey sniffed, her lower lip quivering as she glanced him up and down. Kylo turned on his heel suddenly, inhaling a sharp breath through his nose and pacing towards the door. “Alright then,” he said in his usual smug tone. “Since you asked me so nicely, Miss Kenobi, I shall inquire after your fiance and see what's to be done.” He turned back and caught her eye. “If that's what you want.” “A goose is not a pig's friend, Mr Ren, ” she said cautiously, looking at him askance. “Am I supposed to believe you'd help me out of the kindness of your heart?” “One good turn deserves another, isn't that what they say?” he said and she gulped. “And what is it exactly that you want?” she asked nervously. Kylo Ren smiled a strange, vague smile and cast his eye towards the dress on the mannequin. “I'm sure I'll think of something,” he told her. “Goodnight, Miss Kenobi,” he said, pulling open the door to the workshop and holding her gaze for a long moment before he was gone. Chapter 12 Notes: OMG you are awesome, so many gorgeous comments and I'm so happy! They kept popping into my inbox all weekend while I argued with the next chapter. I will do my best to respond to them all! Who among us could resist that last chapter with Kylo being super diabolical? I enjoyed everyone's indignity at his behaviour, calling him 'a little shit' and 'a hot scoundrel' - I completely agree! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Monday passed interminably. Maz left her to herself for the early hours but by noon Madame Petrova had come to call and Rey found herself standing in the fitting room, suffocating in a cloud of eau de lavande. “I know the fashion these days is tending away from the corset....” she gassed as Rey adjusted the stays on her dress. “But after three children, I simply don't feel myself to go without it.” “You've got a lovely figure Madame,” Rey assured her, folding the fabric on the back of Madame Petrova's dress to reveal the matriarchal girdle around the older woman's waist. In some ways it was a help, to listen to Madame Petrova harp on about her friends and her children and her dog. Rey smiled and nodded and quietly listened until Madame Petrova turned and cupped her cheek in her hand. “Dear child, are you ill?” she asked, examining the dark circles under Rey's eyes. “I'm alright Madame,” she insisted with a sleepy smile. Madame Petrova clucked. “I hope you weren't involved in that dreadful business last night,” she crooned. “All up Tverskoy Boulevard there are windows boarded up. It's a terrible mess.” Maz caught Rey's eye over Madame Petrova's shoulder and gave her a warning look. “Oh nothing like that Madame,” Rey assured her. “I passed through Strastnaya Square this morning but there was a snow in the night, thank God.” Yes, the snow would hide a multitude of sins Rey mused, repressing a shudder as a long forgotten memory of blood on ice flashed behind her eyes. In December 1905 whole of Presnensky district had been up in arms, Bolshevik militias behind barricades exchanging bullets with Imperial guards. It was the same thing as it always ways, peace, land and bread but all they got was bullets and blood. It was a massacre, as though there wasn't enough blood already shed in the war in the East. She knew her father didn't mean to let go of her hand from the way he screamed her name but there was so much smoke and fog she couldn't see where he went. And over all the noise they couldn't hear how she called for them, how she cried. Her mother always told her that if she got lost, to just run home and wait. So she ran and ran and she waited and she waited, but they never came back. Please come back . In the end it was Plutt that found her, more upset about the loss of the rent than her parents' deaths. He took her to his workshop and she went because she was cold and scared and she had nowhere else to go. Her parents owed him money so he made her work and work and work until she was half dead, and only God and Maz Kanata would know what else he did until the old woman set at him and took the child away. Life different now, Plutt was gone and she had Finn and things were going to get better. They had to get better. “There is so much ugliness in this world,” Madame Petrova commented gravely. “And not enough kindness.” “No, Madame,” Rey agreed. It seemed an age until Madame Petrova finally left, and Rey felt like the strings on a fiddle, wound tight and frayed from overplaying. She had barely slept at all on Sunday night, in spite of Maz' doting. The old woman had heated a pan of hot water for her to bathe with, and clucked around forcing a mug of hot milk and honey into her before tucking her into bed like she was still a child. “Don't scare me like that again, you hear me child?” Maz told her, stroking her hair back from her brow and looking her right in the eye. Rey nodded and sunk her teeth into her lip. “You're too precious to me.” “I'm sorry,” she whimpered, another blasted tear finding it's way down her cheek. “Hush hush,” Maz said. “It'll be alright.” She leant down to press a kiss on Rey's forehead. Rey lingered in the doorway as Madame Petrova's carriage rolled down the street and when she glanced up, she saw a familiar face lingering on the corner. He caught her eye and Rey nodded, gesturing with her head for him to come inside. Rey sat stiff as a board as Grisha wove his tale. Maz heated water for tea that was never made as Poe's friend apprised them of the situation. “Poe, Mr. Dameron,” he said, glancing between them. “He's very sorry not to come himself. His face,” Grisha explained, gesturing with his hand. “He didn't want to make a scene at your place of employment.” “We understand,” Rey assured him. “Finn's at Taganka prison, he's not in a good way,” Grisha told her solemnly. “They...beat him.” Maz stepped closer and squeezed Rey's shoulder comfortingly. “He and the others are being arraigned on Friday, that's ah....where they...” “Bring charges, yes I know,” Rey nodded, wringing her hands together. “Public affray. Sedition. Incitement to public disorder. Resisting arrest,” Grisha said, his discomfort plan on his face. “It's quite a list.” “What's going to happen to him? To...them?” Rey asked hoarsely. Grisha gulped. “The party....we've....got funds, from members for this sort of thing but...” “Finn isn't in the party,” Rey finished, glancing up at Maz. “His scholarship doesn't allow it.” Grisha smiled feebly, more of a grimace really and Rey's heart sank. “Worst case scenario, we're looking at deportation,” he said. Rey rubbed her lips together and swallowed, her spine ramrod straight as she looked Grisha in the eye. “Just tell me what time and I'll be there,” she said. When Friday came it was a dull, gray day, the kind of day that felt like the sun had abandoned the Earth altogether. Poe was waiting for her outside the courthouse, Grisha by his side. As she approached she noted he was sporting a few days of beard growth, his eye less puffy but no less purple. His wound looked better too, a neat row of stitches winding up his cheek. “Rey,” he called as he spied her approach, trotting down the steps to wrap her in an embrace. “Little sister,” he said, kissing her on both cheeks and taking her hand. “Is he here?” she asked as he lead her inside. “Yes,” Poe confirmed as Grisha trailed up the stairs behind them. Rey gripped the banister in one hand as they talked at her, something about Grisha and law school but she couldn't focus amid the hubbub of chatter in the hall. A chain of bodies squeezed past on their way down the stairs and Rey hesitated, gazing across the hall expectantly though what she was hoping to see she couldn't have said. A gentle nudge from behind and she shuffled onward, Poe's fingers lacing between her own as he lead her up the crowded stairs. “You okay?” he asked and she nodded, staring at the stitches on his cheek. “I see you went to the hospital,” she commented, trying to distract herself. Poe gave her a half hearted smile. “A friend in the medical faculty,” he explained as the emerged into the hallway on the second floor and headed towards the gallery. It was crowded and Poe sheltered her in his arms as they squeezed towards the front. Grisha urged her to sit, hustling a space for her on the end of the bench as Poe peered over the railing into the courtroom below. “Look at them,” he said in disgust as he the officers of the court began to file in. “Look at that judge. He thinks he has the right but feel the discontent, can't you feel it Rey?” She met his gaze but didn't respond, just cast her eye around at the faces around her, anxious mothers and harried fathers, broken hearted lovers and concerned friends. Poe wasn't the only one sporting injuries and she couldn't help but think that maybe she was one of the lucky ones. How many sons and daughters had died? How many lovers had been parted never to be reunited? Poe clenched his jaw and his fist. “They make rules to appease the rich but what about us? Where's our justice?” Rey shivered at his words, silently marvelling that he had the energy to still be so indignant and then thinking back to her conversation with Kylo Ren the night before. She let out a long shuddering breath and closed her eyes. “Whatever happens, I'll take care of you, you hear me?” Poe told her, looking her in the eye with a look so sincere that she wanted nothing more than to believe him. She squeezed his hand tight and he didn't let go through the whole sorry affair. It was quite a spectacle, and more than one the court officers threatened the gathered bodies with jail if they didn't keep order during the proceedings. So many had been arrested that in the end they brought them in in groups, gaggles of shackled men and women paraded in front of the magistrate to hear their charges before being sent back to jail to await trials set for dates so distant they'd probably be dead of dysentery first. “There he is,” Poe uttered, pulling Rey to her feet and together the pair of them squeezed to the front. Rey felt like her heart had stopped beating as she saw Finn, shackled together in a line with half a dozen other men. He looked terrible, worse than she'd ever seen him even after Plutt had beaten him half to death. His eyes were puffy, his lip split and she could see scabs on the back of his knuckles. Poe's grip tightened on her waist and she fumbled for his fingers, not tearing her eyes from her fiance below. And then he looked up, right at her, and when he saw her there....he smiled. Rey sputtered, her breath catching in her throat as she slapped her hand across her mouth, pinching her nose shut to keep from sobbing. Name after name they called, listing the charges upheld and those which were dropped, those who were going back to jail and those who would be freed. She knew Poe was considering damage limitation, steeling himself for the prospect of months maybe years of jail. Herself, she had no expectations, not of the justice system and certainly not of Kylo Ren. And then they called Finn's name, and she held her breath. Drunk and disorderly. Fine twenty five roubles and costs paid. Prisoner to be released from remand immediately. “Oh my god,” Rey uttered. “What?!” Poe gasped in her ear. Rey didn't reply, just stared wide eyed at Finn, who had turned to glance up at them with an expression of pure shock painted across his bruised face. “Yes!” Grisha cheered behind them, leaning forward to slap Poe so hard on the back that they both staggered. If there were murmurings from the gallery or the prosecution below, Rey didn't hear them, only dimly aware of Poe's voice in her ear. “I can't believe it,” he exclaimed. “Grisha, what happened?” “I've got no idea,” Grisha replied. “Come on,” he urged, as a guard stepped forward to unshackle Finn's wrists and lead him from the court. It was hard to describe what she was feeling in that moment. She should feel like a great weight had been lifted so why did her feet feel like lead? Poe was laughing as he ran ahead of her down the corridor to where Finn stood smiling at the far end, so why was she crying? “Hey, hey, it's alright, it's okay,” Finn soothed as she sobbed into his shoulder, leaving damp sticky trails down his shirt. “Don't you ever do anything like this again, you hear me?” she snapped, smacking his chest. Finn staggered a little, clutching his chest and frowning. “You....you.....idiot! I am so mad at you right now!” “I'm sorry,” he said, glancing at the uniformed officers that were supposed to be escorting him to the clerk. Rey buried her face in his shoulder and let out a muffled yowl. “Don't let him too close Rey,” Poe warned, stroking her back and peeling her off him. Finn scowled. “Well you were in there for days, Finn,” he explained. “You've probably picked up fleas at the very least.” “Hey,” Finn barked, punching his friend on the arm before the pair of them embraced once more. “It's good to have you back Finn,” Grisha said as they parted. “Oh, god, I was so afraid,” Rey blubbed, flushing with embarrassment as she tried to disguise her tears. She batted at her eyes, determined not to let them fall. “Hey, hey,” Finn soothed, taking her hand. “It's okay, it's alright now. It's all gonna be okay.” Rey sniffed and brushed her hands down Finn's chest to straighten the ragged shirt he was wearing. God he was a mess. “I was sure the charge sheet was as long as my arm,” Grisha commented. Rey cast her eye up and down the hall, half expecting to see Kylo Ren loitering like the Grim Reaper come to harvest her soul. “So did I,” Finn agreed. “I can't understand it.” Rey chewed her lip but said nothing. “Well let's not look at the horse's teeth,” Poe said sagely. “Let's get you through the clerk's office and get out of here.” “Let's get a drink,” Grisha suggested as the bundled down the front steps towards the street. “I don't know,” Finn said, clasping Rey's hand as they crossed the road and left the courthouse behind. Rey raised a brow and looked him up and down, his raggedy clothes hidden now beneath Poe's coat and Grisha's hat pulled down over his brows. Finn just gave her a tired smile and squeezed her fingers. “Come on,” Grisha said with a grin. “You're a hero of the revolution Finn!” Poe laughed and slung his arm around Finn's shoulder, making him wince. “Careful, eh?” Finn said. “One drink Finn,” Poe said. “The guys will want to see you.” “I stink,” Finn protested. “Bah, you always stink,” Poe teased and they all laughed. Finn turned to Rey. “What do you think?” he asked and she smiled softly, aware of Poe and Grisha making encouraging eyes at her over his shoulder. She looked at his bruised and battered face, ran a thumb over the scab on the back of his knuckle. She didn't really want to go home just yet herself, even if Maz was stuck in the workroom worrying herself silly over them both. She had a swirling, sinking feeling in the pit of her stomach and wondered if a glass of vodka wouldn't be the thing to cure it. “Maybe just one,” she suggested gently. “Say hello to your friends and....then we'll get you home, clean you up a bit.” Finn smiled, a tired, wan gesture and gave her a nod. Of course Grisha and Poe wanted to celebrate, and when they descended the stairs to a basement bar Finn was greeted with a rousing cheer. Rey could tell that his smiles and his jokes were forced, could tell from the yellowing of his eyes that he didn't feel well and it wasn't long before the cheerful mood was replaced by something more somber. Finn scowled and clenched his jaw, emptying his glass and setting it down heavily. “It isn't right,” he said and they all nodded. Grisha smiled and unstopped the vodka. “Cheer up, brother,” Grisha said, filling Finn's glass. “You're off the hook!” Finn quirked his lips. “Just thinking about Kolya,” he replied, squeezing his glass in his palm. Rey glanced at Poe and he held her gaze for a second before staring down into his vodka. “I was lucky. What about Vitaly? Still stuck inside that hole.” “Was it really awful?” she asked quietly, stroking the back of his hand. He squeezed her fingers and clenched his jaw. “It was hell Rey,” he said gravely and they all fell silent for a moment. “Don't you worry about Vitaly right now,” Poe said, catching Finn's eye. “You just keep your head down and get well alright. Finish school and let us worry about him.” Finn nodded and for the first time in days, she found herself agreeing with Poe. “I...I need to rest and....get cleaned up,” Finn said eventually, taking her hand and standing up. “Good idea,” Poe agreed also rising to his feet. “I better get home,” Rey told them. “Maz will be out of her mind wondering what happened.” Finn nodded. “Sweet old Maz,” he sighed wistfully. “I'll come and visit her real soon I promise. When all this has cleared up a bit,” he added, gesturing at his face. Rey nodded and tugged on his arm as she slipped out from behind the table. “Thanks Poe, Grisha,” Finn said, stopping at the head of the table. “I won't forget what you've done for me.” Rey averted her yes, staring at the legs of a nearby chair as Poe and Finn embraced. “Let's get you home,” Poe said, slinging his arm around Finn's shoulders and hustling the pair of them up the steps. “Will you come tomorrow, Rey?” Finn asked as they waited for her streetcar. “Sure,” she said. He smiled. “We'll eat something maybe?” “Maybe,” Rey replied, glancing at Poe out of the corner of her eye. She took a deep breath and held both his hands, leaning her forehead against his as she spoke. “No more of this now, Finn, hey?” she said softly, relieved by his gentle nod. On the streetcar Rey sat by the window, pressing her gloved hands between her thighs for warmth and swaying as it rattled along. Outside a light snow was falling, covering over the sooty tracks on the street and hiding the dirty beneath a light dusting of white. She closed her eyes and took a few deep breaths, trying to empty her mind of the relentless churning thoughts. It was all going to okay, it was over now. Finn was back where he belonged and.... She didn't want to think about it and fortunately didn't have to, glancing out the window at the familiar street beyond and rising to her feet. Her boots crunched on the ground as she meandered down the broad alleyway that lead towards home, the workshop coming into view ahead as she wondered if Maz might have tea waiting for her and what they were going to have for supper. Simple thoughts that she had missed having of late, too caught up in everything to think about the things she really enjoyed. Not tonight. Tonight she was going to bundle up in blankets next to the stove and read her book. Maybe next week she could risk a trip back to the library, catch up on her journals and walk along the river? Rey turned the last corner and came to a halt, her mouth going dry as she took in the sight of a small black carriage parked outside the front of Maz' store. As she drew nearer she noticed Marek lingering beside the horse, Snezhinka's shoes shuffling on the impacted ice as she shifted from foot to foot. “Hello miss, Rey miss,” Marek said as she approached, pulling his hat off and twisting it anxiously in his hands. “Hello Marek,” Rey said cautiously, stopping to stroke Snezhinka's nose as the horse turned her head towards her with a snort. “Waiting for his lordship?” she quipped sardonically and Marek grimaced. “Aye miss, and you miss,” he said, his Adam's Apple bobbing in his throat. Rey followed his eyes towards the shop window and frowned as she saw Stephan Andreyivich hurrying towards her. “Rey, thank goodness you're back,” he uttered, the door clattering open as he urged her in. “Stephan, what's wrong?” Rey asked nervously as Stephan hurried her towards the stairs. “Now don't get upset, child,” he said as they passed through the door to the workroom. As they entered Kylo Ren stood hurriedly from where he had been lounging in an old chair that stood in the corner. Rey's mouth fell open. “You!” she gasped. “Now, Rey....” Stephan began but she didn't listen. “What are you doing here?” she uttered, her voice wavering a little. Kylo regarded her gravely. “It's Maz, child,” Stephan said, clasping her hands. Rey turned and stared at him. “What about Maz?” she demanded and Stephan gulped hard. “She's taken ill,” he explained, the words barely leaving his mouth before Rey set off up the stairs. “Maz!” she cried as she entered the attic with thundering steps. “In here,” a voice croaked and Rey hurried to the bedroom to find Maz sitting on the edge of the bed, clasping her shawl tight around her shoulders. Beside her stood the doctor, Kuznetzov, quietly packing his bag and pulling on his jacket. “What happened?” she cried, sitting on the bed and catching Maz' hand. “Are you alright?” “I'm fine,” Maz assured her with a tired smile. “She's not fine,” Dr Kuznetzov chided. “Stubborn old bird, you need bed rest.” “What's wrong doctor?” Rey asked desperately, not missing the glare that Maz sent in his direction. He sighed and clipped his bag shut, glaring right back at the old woman. “Exhaustion,” he stated, hoisting it off the dresser. “And indigestion.” Rey pulled a face. “What news about Finn?” Maz asked, deflecting her impending question. Rey blinked. “They let him go!” she sputtered, smiling in spite of her frown. Maz beamed. “Oh, saints be praised!” she gasped, kissing Rey's hand. “Oh I feel better already!” “Now I've given you some more medicine Mrs Kanata,” the doctor interrupted. “I trust you will take heed of my advice.” “Of course, doctor,” Maz agreed, dipping her head like a chastened child. “Very good,” he replied. “If you would be so kind, Miss Kenobi,” he said, tilting his head at her and glancing towards the door. “Uh...of course,” she she stammered, rising to her feet. Rey squeezed Maz' hand for a second before letting it go and following the doctor into the sitting room. “Will she be alright, doctor?” she asked and he huffed. “She's working herself too hard,” he complained. Rey nodded and dipped her head, feeling guilty at not doing more when Maz had done so much for her. The doctor sighed again. “Just make sure she stays nice and warm and gets plenty of rest. Takes her medicine if the pain gets bad and if it gets worse, you must call for me as soon as possible, you hear me?” “Yes, sir,” Rey squeaked. “So...ah...what will it be, sir,” Rey added cautiously, terrified as she was of hearing the sum that this visit would have cost them. “For your trouble today?” The doctor regarded her thoughtfully. It didn't really matter, Rey mused. They had a little money they had put aside for Christmas, they'd get by. They always did. “It's been taken care of, don't worry about that Rey,” he said softly. Rey frowned. “Now I must be off,” he said abruptly, clearly not wishing to discuss it any further. He headed for the stairs and Rey followed, gulping as his shoe clanked against the loose step near the bottom. The plank came a little loose and Rey kicked it back into position with her heel. “Take care of that step,” the doctor warned as he pulled open the workroom door. “Someone could have a nasty fall on that.” “Yes doctor,” Rey stammered, following close behind. “Monsieur Ren,” the doctor uttered by way of greeting as emerged into the workroom. “Mr Ivanov,” he added, nodding at Stephan. “Is everything well?” Stephan asked cautiously. Rey stood behind the doctor and studiously ignored Kylo Ren. “You can go up,” he replied and Stephan bowed, shuffling through the door and disappearing up the stairs. Rey rubbed her lips together and pretended not to notice Kylo Ren's eyes on her as she followed the doctor to the door. “Mr Marek,” he greeted as he exited. “Doctor,” Marek replied, helping him into the carriage and turning to give Rey a sympathetic look. She hovered in the doorway, trying to delay the inevitable confrontation with the figure lingering in the workroom. When she turned around she half expected to find him hovering in the doorway like a shade but all she saw were his long legs sticking around the doorjam where he sat in the chair. She stomped across the room and entered to find him engrossed in her notebook. “What do you think you're doing?” she squealed. “Reading,” he stated blandly. “Some of your sketches are quite good.” Rey was mortified, snatching the book from his hands and flinging it back into the open drawer where he had found it. “You've got no business going through other people's belongings,” she hissed. “I do beg your pardon,” he drawled, rising to his feet and looming over her. Rey was however, undaunted. “Get out,” she snapped, grabbing his coat off the chair and thrusting into his arms. Casually he glanced through the shop window and turned back to her with a nonchalant expression. “It's snowing,” he observed. “I don't care,” Rey cried. “Charming,” Kylo groused. “This is the thanks I get for my good deeds!” Rey's eyes went wide and she clenched her jaw. “We don't do good deeds expecting thanks,” she scolded. “But it wouldn't go amiss,” he retorted. “You!? Is that what you've come here for then? To make sure I thank you properly?” He quirked a brow and turned towards the table. “Arrogant,” he noted. “I came to collect my shirts if you must know,” he added, hooking his finger on a string wrapped bundle and sliding it closer. “Oh,” Rey uttered, cringing internally but refusing to show it. “Marek and I found Mrs. Kanata in some difficulty,” he explained smoothly. “I alerted Mr. Ivanov and sent Marek for a doctor.” He paused and looked at her askance. “I did the right thing I hope.” Rey deflated, his words taking the wind out of her sails somewhat. “Yuh...yes,” she managed, averting her gaze from his infernal brown eyes. “Thank you.” “That's two you owe me, Miss Kenobi,” he said quietly, stepping in front of her. Her lashes fluttered as she chanced a glance up at his face and he sighed, his finger coming up to brush a hair away from her cheek. “Please don't,” she uttered, stepping away from him and putting some distance between them. Kylo swayed on his feet but didn't move, his hand hovering in the air where she had been. “Didn't I do as you asked?” he queried, glancing at her over his shoulder but remaining otherwise unmoved. Rey gripped the edge of a stack of shelves and took a few silent breaths, her thoughts racing as fast as her beating heart in her chest. “Was it not good news at the courthouse?” “It was,” she said very quietly, her voice abandoning her as he turned slowly to face her. “And aren't you happy?” he asked, hovering at the end of the shelves and leaning against the edge. Rey looked him in the eye, her lip quivering ever so slightly as he sloped slowly closer. “I had to endure dinner with the magistrate and his simpering wife for you,” he told her. “In public!” “Sounds dreadful,” Rey commented with no small measure of sarcasm and he snorted. “It was.” “So that's all it took? Just a little dinner and you made it all go away?” she said bitterly, recalling Poe's anger in the courtroom. Kylo considered this. “It was a very long dinner,” he added but she wasn't amused. “Yes it's all very easy for you isn't it?” she mused unhappily. “You can just snap your fingers and have whatever you want.” “Not anything I want,” Kylo corrected. “I seem to be having to work exceptionally hard for you.” Rey scowled and took a step back. “You're a monster,” she accused and he jerked his head back in surprise. “Hardly,” he said defensively. “All I want is one measly dinner.” “Dinner?” she rasped. “An eye for an eye,” he explained. “It's the least you can do for the hours I had so spend listening to that old windbag and his harridan wife!” “Ha!” Rey wheezed, not quite able to reconcile what she was hearing. “Dinner,” Kylo said again, stepping closer and hemming her in. Rey braced herself against the wall behind and glared at him with her head held high. “Tonight.” She gulped. “I can't tonight,” she lied and he shrugged. “Tomorrow.” “I...I haven't got anything to wear,” Rey countered and he scoffed, turning his head to the black dress on the mannequin. “Liar,” he replied, sidling closer and pinning her to the wall. “That dress doesn't belong to me,” she stammered. “It's a commission for a client.” “I'll pay double what they're giving you,” Kylo replied. Rey's jaw dropped. “I'm not a whore!” she cried. “And I don't want one!” he gasped, his arms going around her and pulling her against him. “I want you, in that dress!” “I...I can't,” Rey stammered. “You can and you will,” he insisted. “Besides you owe me for the doctor's fee. Sell me the dress and you'll have enough to pay me!” Rey screwed her face up and let out a whine, stamping her foot on the ground. “Oh I hate you so much,” she squealed. “You don't even know me,” he said scornfully. “You're not even prepared to try.” “Ugh! And why should I?” she snapped, wriggling in his arms. They tightened like vices around her and she whimpered, finding herself pinned against his very broad and very hard chest. "You know everything I've done can just as easily be undone," he said and she paled. She peered up at him, stunned into silence as his words sank in. He leaned closer and for a moment she thought he was going to kiss her, his face tilting to one side as though he were going to press his lips against hers. He hesitated, a hair's breadth from her face as a sneer slid across his features. “You know I can take whatever I want,” he growled. Rey gasped and stared at him agog. He peered down at her, his nostrils flaring and his chest heaving. “But I don't.” She trembled in his arms, utterly transfixed by the intensity of his gaze. “Because I want you to give it to me. And you will, Miss Kenobi. You will.” “I'm not giving you anything!” she told him, raising her chin and glaring at him defiantly. “We'll see,” he said smugly. And with that he released her, scowling at her for a moment before stalking across the room. He picked up his shirts from where they lay on the counter. “Tomorrow, Miss Kenobi,” he stated as he turned to look at her from the doorway, his ire seeming to have evaporated to be replaced with that familiar condescension. “I'll send Marek for you before eight.” He turned out of the workroom and didn't look back, the sound of the shop door clattering shut behind him. Notes: HE IS A PIG! It took a whole month for us to get here but stay tuned for a one way express ticket to Orgasmovsk, on Lake Orgasmov, in Orgasmovskaya Oblast. (credit goes to Ekaterina for that!! I laughed SOOOO HARD!) Shoutout also to Elwyngirlie who is super awesome at being my cheer squad and helping me through some wonky patches in the plot! She's also got a great fic on the go at the moment called Now Is The Time Of Monsters, check it out maybe why dontcha? Chapter 13 Notes: I love that you love this fic enough to leave me all those reviews because I am totally the kind of person that will write faster if I know you're enjoying it. Thankyou thankyou thankyou! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Kylo was waiting on the corner when Marek returned, a scowl on his face and his bundle of shirts gripped in one gloved hand. Kylo glowered up at him as he brought the carriage to a stop, the horse snorting at him and nudging his arm with her snout. Marek took a deep breath watching as Kylo swayed a little and patted her side as he approached the door. “You want to use some coal tar soap on that,” Marek commented, noticing the dusting of snow on his employer's head and shoulders. Kylo curled his lip and shuffled forward as Marek chuckled at his own joke. “She throw you out then?” “She's a harpy,” Kylo complained and Marek snorted. “And you're a saint?” he quipped “I'm a good person,” Kylo said defensively as he opened the carriage door. “Aye, you have a way about you that's for sure.” “Everything I've done for her and this is the thanks I get!” Kylo complained, shaking his head and flinging his packet inside. “You're a real catch alright,” Marek muttered, rolling his eyes. “Be quiet and get us to the Metropol,” Kylo snarked in reply, climbing inside and slamming the door shut. Marek made a face. Inside the carriage, Kylo flopped against the seat and dug into his coat for a cigarette, lighting it as the little window behind the driver's seat slid open and Marek's face appeared. “What did you do?” he asked. Kylo blew a cloud of smoke in his face. Marek frowned. “I didn't do anything,” he growled and Marek's brow went up. “Kylo,” he chided. “Oh shut up and drive,” he snapped, slamming the little window shut. He leaned back on his seat and stared at the rumpled packet of shirts that sat in a twisted little heap beside him. He scowled, jabbing his cigarette into his mouth and reaching for them. He set them on his knee and smoothed the package out. Silk was delicate, and it was expensive. A cake of ash fell from the end of his cigarette onto the paper and he brushed it away, letting out a sigh as the carriage rattled on. In the workroom Rey stood against the wall, trembling with righteous indignation. How dare he ? She huffed, stomping across the floor and glancing around for something, anything that she could break. She settled for a large ball of twine, picking it up and hurling at the door. “Bastard!” she screamed as it fell to the floor with a pathetic flop. She hovered beside the table for a second, pulling open the drawer and taking out her notebook. It had been in there a while and she had forgotten about half the designs, spying the neat annotations beside each picture. They were doodles really, based off the images in journals she read at the library or the ones Madame Petrova gave her. She flushed with shame when she saw her notes, Roman letters next to little Cyrillic transliterations that she had made as she was teaching herself the words she saw in otherwise incomprehensible French magazines. She closed the book and dropped it back in the drawer, letting out a tired sigh and peeking through her lashes at the dress in the corner. She stared at the dress across the room, mocking her and she clenched her fist. She frowned at it, both in awe of it and utterly annoyed with it, like its very existence was to blame for this entire situation. She had half a mind to rip it to pieces, to shred it with the scissors and send it to him. “Ha,” she huffed with a malicious smile. Here's your dress Monsieur Ren. Arrogant bastard. Strutting around like a peacock, ruffling his feathers like he was cock of the roost expecting all the hens to come clucking around him. She didn't care how rich or good looking he was! She stepped closer and scratched her fingernail across the embroidery that ran down the center of the bodice, silver gray stitching on black. She dipped her fingertips under the lace trim that ran along the neckline and up over the shoulders and sighed. No, she'd never be able to take the scissors to it. It was her baby, her creation, hours of work on the stitching alone. She looked at the neck line and scowled. This dress wasn't meant for her but for someone with a more womanly figure than she possessed and most certainly with a larger bust. All she'd present a dinner companion with would be bone and more bone! She squeezed her hands around her waist and scowled. She'd need to take it in at the back, she mused, reaching around the dummy and tightening the large wooden screw. The mannequin creaked as the wooden panels moved closer together and she pulled the fabric together around the bodice. She snorted, a malicious grin spreading over her face. She didn't care if she looked like a sack of potatoes! It would serve him right! Maybe if she smeared lipstick over her teeth and talked with her mouth full he'd leave her alone. To hell with Kylo Ren! She bolted the front door and made her way up to Maz, her toe catching on the loose step as she went. She fell forward with a grunt, smacking her knee against the stairs and cursing. She shoved at the loose step to make sure it was in place, hesitating for a moment before pulling it out again and staring at the pistol hidden underneath. She swallowed, reaching down and picking it up. She held it in a dainty grip like it was a dirty rag. It was a dirty rag, it was a filthy disgusting thing and she wanted nothing more than to be rid of it. Maybe she should take it and throw it in the river? She furrowed her brow. “Oh damn you Poe Dameron!” she hissed. “Rey?” Stephan Andreyivich called from above. Rey gulped and shoved the gun back into the hole, ramming the plank of wood back over the stairs as Stephan appeared at the top. “Everything alright?” he asked gently. She coughed. “Fine, fine,” she sputtered, pushing to her feet and brushing herself off. “I tripped that's all.” “That loose step,” Stephan commented. “I'll take a look at it for you tomorrow.” Rey stared at him with eyes like saucers before plastering a big smile across her face. She slept fitfully that night. Maz was out cold, blissfully slumbering after a dose of medicine and a large bowl of hot stew that Rey insisted she eat. As she lay awake, listening to Maz' light snore and the distant rattle of train cars, Rey couldn't help but think about Kylo Ren and the things he had said. Could he really have Finn sent back to jail? And worse was she prepared to find out? It was just one measly dinner. “You should stay in bed,” Rey complained at breakfast as Maz hovered around the sitting room. “I'm well enough,” the old woman argued. “You're not!” Rey protested and Maz huffed, sinking into her seat beside the fire. “Why I can sit here just as well as lying in bed!” Maz proclaimed. “Fetch me up some sewing why not?” Rey shook her head. “I'll die of boredom first,” Maz groaned, rolling her eyes. “Oh alright,” Rey said with a sigh, stacking the hearth up high with plenty of coal. “Don't get silly, child,” Maz tutted. “Doctor Kuznetzov says you need to keep warm if you're to get better,” Rey explained and Maz scowled. “No good if we've frozen to death by New Year!” “It's fine,” Rey assured her, avoiding her eyes. “I need to go out later, I'll get some more.” “And how will we manage the money if I'm stuck up here?” Maz asked. “You suppose you'll do all that work by yourself?” Rey sighed. “Look, it's alright,” she said, looking at Maz with an earnest expression. “I....I've sold that dress.” Maz tilted her head to one side “Sold it? To whom?” Rey licked her lips and stuffed the coal shovel back into the bucket. “Kylo Ren,” she said, closing the door on the stove and brushing off her hands. “Good god,” Maz uttered and Rey quirked a brow. “What does he want a lady's dress for?” “I don't want to imagine thank you,” Rey said, rising to her feet and dusting off her knees. “Anyway I've done it now and we could use the money so let's not quibble about it.” “He's a odd one,” Maz commented. “Hard to read.” Rey swallowed. “Well he helped you didn't he?” she reminded her. “How bad can he be?” She couldn't quite believe that she was defending Kylo Ren of all people. “I suppose,” Maz said with a sigh. “Right, anyway,” Rey uttered definitively. “I need to get going. I've got some errands to run and I'm meeting Finn for supper.” “Oh?” Maz chirped. Rey set out some teacups and chewed her lip, steeling herself with a deep breath. “You'll be alright here won't you?” she said with what she hoped was convincing sweetness. “I can stay and look after you if you like, I don't mind,” she added, knowing full well that Maz would fiercely resist any insinuation that she couldn't look after herself. “Oh get on and fetch me some sewing you wretch!” she chided and Rey scurried away down the stairs. Carefully she stepped over the loose step, glaring at it as she went and huffing an exasperated breath. She entered the workroom, looking around for a cloth or a rag, anything to wrap the stupid thing up in. She grabbed a cloth bag filled with off cuts and paced back to the stairs, pulling the gun from under the step and stuffing it inside. She pulled the ties together and set the the plank right back over the hole, stepping out into the workroom and bumping straight into Stephan. “Oh hello Rey,” he said gently. “Huh...hello,” she chirped, eyeing the hammer in his hands. “Come to look at that step of yours,” he told her amiably. “Right,” Rey replied. She shuffled across the room and set the bag down on the table, wincing at the faint clunk as it hit the wood. “How's Maz this morning,” Stephan asked amiably, stopping open the door to the stairs with a stool. “Better, I think,” Rey blustered, swallowing and glancing over at the wretched dress that stood in the corner like a shade. Just like Kylo Ren. A matching pair. Rey huffed. The morning dragged on and she grew antsy. She refused Stephan's offer of lunch, leaving him to keep Maz company while she disappeared back downstairs. Her hands were shaking as she pulled the pistol out of the cloth bag. Was it loaded? What if it accidentally went off while she was carrying it? Oh god, maybe she should just take it and shoot Poe Dameron! Carefully she slipped it into her coat pocket, easing through the hole in the lining so that it sat trapped at the bottom. She swallowed hard, wincing as she walked towards the door. The pistol knocked against her knee and kept on knocking her all the way down the street. Errands. She was running errands. She stared at the clock in the square as she waited for the streetcar, calculating how long it would take her to get to the coal merchant when she got back. She counted the kopeks in her hand while she waited, peering across the street through her lashes as two men walked along the opposite pavement with police insignias stitched into their coats and grateful when the streetcar pulled up to obscure them from view. She stood at the back of the car the whole way there, twitching with nervous energy as she gripped the pole by the door. She was fine. It was fine. She was just running some errands. “Rey!” Finn hollered, leaning out of the window and waving as she approached. She forced a smile and waved back until as Finn disappeared inside and shut the window. A few minutes later and he was at the door, catching her in a hug and hauling her in through the door. “Careful!” she sputtered pulling out of his grip and holding him at arms length. Finn frowned. “Oh, Rey, hello,” Mrs Semenova called as they entered the kitchen. “Nice to see you again!” “Hello,” Rey replied with a nervous smile, letting Finn sit her down in a chair around the dining table. It was a spare sort of place but nice enough and as good as Finn could afford with what little money he had. It was a boarding house, run by a kindly martriarch whose samovar was always heated and whose pierogi were the best Rey had ever tasted. Rey had been coming to visit ever since Finn moved in but even now she wasn't allowed upstairs. Finn might express some shockingly modern views but at home he was tame and obedient, wisely so, since Mrs. Semenova was like a mother bear – protective as they come but fearsome when riled. “Thank you,” she said sweetly as Mrs. Semenova set a glass down in front of her, turning back to the dough she was working at the other end of the table. “Can I take your coat?” Finn asked, reaching out his hands expectantly. Rey licked her lips. “I...oh Finn, I can't stay,” she squeaked and his face fell. “Oh,” he uttered, his shoulders sagging a little. “Oh Finn I'm so sorry,” she said, grimacing. “It's just....it's Maz.” It wasn't exactly a lie. “She's not well and yesterday we had the doctor out and everything.” “Is she okay?” he asked, sinking down beside her and taking her hand. “She's....I think so,” Rey said with a little frown, thinking back to the doctor's cryptic words the day before. Finn was staring at her earnestly, holding one hand and rubbing the other up and down her arm sympathetically. “Well anyway, you look better,” she commented, cupping his face and running the pad of her thumb gently around his eye. “Hot bath and some decent food,” Mrs Semenova told her from across the table. “She's taking good care of me,” Finn said with a smile as she ambled near. Mrs. Semenova ruffled her fingers in his hair and peered down at him affectionately. “Gave us quite a scare, he did,” she told Rey indulgently. “Set the neighbours gossiping too.” “Oh dear,” Rey uttered, forcing a smile. “Still, he's a good lad our Finn, aren't you?” Mrs. Semenova added, squeezing his shoulder. He smiled up at her, the beaming kind of smile that Rey saw right through but seemed to work wonders on the landlady. One of Finn's house mates entered, another Peter, and there was a lot of nodding and handshaking and bowing and nodding for a minute, until Mrs. Semenova took him through the kitchen to a small ante room where rows of bedsheets were hanging. “Finn,” she said quietly. “I need to talk to you.” “Why are we whispering?” he said quietly and she gulped. “Finn, I....” she stuttered, her heart beating hard in her chest. “That night, after the....” His face fell and his expression grew more serious. “What happened?” he asked gravely. “Did something happen to you?” “No, no, nothing happened to me,” Rey said sincerely. “You never told me where you went,” Finn observed gently. “I just....I got lost in the crowd and I....I panicked so I walked home and....” She swallowed. “I missed all the trouble.” Finn frowned and nodded. “But Poe....he....” she managed around the lump in her throat. “Can we go somewhere else?” Finn ran his tongue over his teeth and glanced towards the laundry, catching her hand and tugging her to her feet. “Come on,” he said, leading her into the hall and along the passage under the stairs. They turned the corner, standing under a window that faced a brick wall, the panes of glass frosted up with the cold weather. “What is it?” he asked softly, leaning closer. Rey gulped and took his hand, glancing around as she dipped it inside her coat pocket. Finn looked confused but didn't resist, just leaned closer, his face hovering beside hers as she guided his hand down through the hole on the lining of her coat to feel what she had secreted in the bottom. His eyes went wide. “Holy shit,” he gasped and she nodded. “Please Finn, you have to take it,” she begged. “I can't stand having it in the house. What if Maz finds it?” Finn pulled out his hand and rubbed it over the top of his head. “Poe gave that to you?” he asked gruffly and she nodded. “I'm gonna kill him!” “Sssh!” Rey exclaimed, grabbing his arm and pulling his clenched fist down by his side. Finn stared at her for a moment and then out of the window, his eyes darting from side to side for a second. “Shit,” he said, pulling off his sweater. “I was going to throw it in the river,” she confessed anxiously. Finn's nostrils flared. “Give it to me.” Cautiously Rey slipped the gun out of her pocket and Finn threw his sweater over it, wrapping it up. “I'll be right back,” he told her, pacing away down the hall and thundering up the stairs. Rey rubbed her palm over her face, feeling a weight lifted from her shoulders and letting out a tired sigh. She ambled along the hall back towards the kitchen. Peter emerged with an armful of folded bed sheets, winking at her before he climbed up the stairs. “Hey,” he said to Finn as they passed on the landing. “Hey,” Finn replied stiffly before bundling down the staircase two steps at a time. “Okay,” he uttered, clasping her shoulders. “What are you going to do with it?” she asked and he chewed his lip. “I'll get rid of it,” he said and she nodded enthusiastically. “I'm sorry you had to deal with that,” he told her sincerely, looking her in the eye. Rey's lip trembled. “I can't go through all this again Finn,” she said. “All this sneaking around and....getting arrested.” He dropped his gaze as she spoke. “And you....I thought....if only you knew....” she stammered, shaking her head and staring at ceiling. “I promise you, I'm done,” he said. “Are you?” she gasped and he nodded. “Rey I swear, I just want to finish school and get clear of all this,” he told her, catching her hand. “And we can go anywhere we want.” He gave her a hopeful smile. “I mean it.” Rey sighed as he pulled her into a hug and she closed her eyes, squeezing him tight. “I hope so,” she whispered. Rey felt so relieved to be rid of that... thing that she thought it would be a good idea to try and carry a pud of coal all the way home from the merchant. Normally they would deliver but there was a long queue and Rey didn't want to come home empty handed from running apparent errands. “Rey!” She looked up to see Jessika emerging from the workshop yard. “Hey!” she chirped trotting closer. “Need a hand?” “Thanks,” Rey sighed as Jess caught hold of the end of the coal sack. “Why didn't you get them to deliver it?” Jess asked with a shake of her head and Rey huffed a breath of laughter, forcing a smile. “Oh I...I didn't want to wait,” she stammered. “Where are you off to?” Jess cleared her throat and didn't reply, just backed towards the front door. “Oh erm....just for a drink,” she said and Rey quirked a brow. Jess huffed. “Poe asked me alright.” “Poe!” Rey gasped and Jess made a face. “What?” she said snappishly and Rey just gaped at her. “Nuh...nothing,” she sputtered. Jess observed her sceptically. “You don't approve,” she said. “It's just....Poe's not my favorite person right now,” Rey replied. She reached up and caught the door as Jess shuffled through backside first. “Rey! Surely you don't blame him for what happened?” Jess asked. “I don't know what to think,” she huffed. “Rey, you weren't even there,” Jess reminded her. Rey averted her eyes, working her jaw from side to side as Jess continued. “You don't know what it was like.” “And you think you know what Poe is like?” Rey interrupted, dropping her end of the coal sack. “He's not like that,” Jess said with a scowl. “I just want you to be careful, Jessika,” Rey told her sincerely. “Poe he's....all he cares about is politics.” “You're not jealous are you?” Rey's eyes went wide. “What?! No!” “You are!” Jess accused. “You like being the only girl! And you think if I start tagging along you won't be the center of attention anymore!” “That is not true!” Rey argued, her face screwing up with hurt. “Yes it is,” Jess sulked. “Look I don't want to fight about it alright,” Rey uttered despairingly. “I....I've got a lot on my mind with Finn and Maz and....” They fell silent and stared at the floor pouting. “I understand,” Jess murmured. “I....look I'm sorry okay.” Rey met her eyes and shrugged. “Okay.” Jess chewed her lip. “I've got to go,” she said. “Maybe we'll see you and Finn later?” she added hopefully. Rey gulped. “Maybe, I don't know, I think.....I think we might just stay home.” Jess nodded. “Well alright,” she said definitively. “I'll see you then.” “Bye,” Rey said despondently as Jess headed for the door. “Be careful.” Jessika paused for a second before turning on her heel and flinging her arms around Rey. “I will,” she promised, squeezing her tight and then she was gone. By four o clock it was dark, and Maz was so bored she talked Rey's ear off for a good half hour but no matter how much she protested the old woman wasn't well. She fell asleep in her chair and Rey stood over for a long moment, adjusting a blanket over her and gently lifting her feet onto some cushions. Stephan would come and sit with her a bit that evening and play cards while Rey was out but she felt guilty all the same. “Your Finn is doing better then?” Stephan asked as Rey slipped her coat on. “Yes, thank you,” Rey said softly giving him a tired smile. “Now no trouble you hear me, child,” Maz commanded maternally from the corner. “I don't ever want to go through that again!” “No, Maz,” Rey assured her. “We're just staying home.” Maz nodded as she leaned down to kiss her cheek, holding her hand for a minute before she was gone. The workroom was dark but she dare not set a light for fear of someone finding her. Never, she promised herself. No-one would ever know about this. She stared at the dress for a long moment before letting out a sigh and peeling off her coat. It was just a dinner. Sure it would be fine. It was a struggle to fasten the stays on the back without help but her work that morning had certainly made the dress fit better. Maybe she should let her hair down but then she wondered if that wouldn't just encourage him further. The last thing Kylo Ren needed was any encouragement. She fixed it up on the back of her head with pins and a piece of the same black lace that wove across her shoulders. She slipped her feet into a simple pair of black shoes that Maz had given her years before, a cast off from a well meaning client but it wasn't until now that they had ever really fit or that she'd had occasion to wear them. Rey stared at herself in the long mirror, her lashes fluttering as she stroked her hands down the bodice of the dress. Her beautiful dress. She never thought she'd actually get to wear it. It was ten to eight when a shadow passed the shop window and Rey swallowed around the lump in her throat as Snezhinka glided past with the sleigh in tow. She turned back to the mirror and pinched her cheeks, biting her lip and then scowling at her reflection. She didn't need to look pretty! Outside Marek stepped down from the driver's seat and waited by the door as she pulled on a pair of long black gloves purloined from a client who'd brought them in to be mended. She picked up her coat and sighed at the sight of the utilitarian cut over such an elegant gown. It didn't matter anyway she told herself as she turned towards the door. “Good evening, miss,” Marek said as she emerged from the store, pulling off his hat and smiling at her fondly. “Hello Marek,” she quietly replied. Rey closed the door very carefully, slowly turning the key in the lock before slipping it into its familiar hidey hole inside the lining of her coat. “Ready to go then miss?” he asked gently. “It's Rey, Marek,” she reminded him. “Just Rey.” He smiled. “Alright Rey,” he replied. Rey blinked and shuffled closer, letting him help her into the back of the sleigh. “Don't worry Rey,” he said soothingly, tucking the fur blanket around her. “We'll look after you alright, Snezhinka and I.” “It's not you I'm worried about,” she confessed and he nodded. “Aye, he's a strange one alright,” he agreed looking her in the eye. “Got it bad for you.” “That's not helping Marek,” Rey said as he leaned back to stand upright. He smiled again. “Doesn't happen to him that often Rey, miss,” he said softly. Rey furrowed her brow at his unexpected confession. She snuggled into the blanket as Marek climbed onto his seat and tugged on the reigns. He urged Snezhinka gently on, her shoes hushing on the icy ground and the bells on the sleigh jingling softly as it began to glide down the street and they were off. Notes: LOOK I'M SORRY! But it's coming! You can see that it's coming! Rey has alighted the car and the train has left the station! And the hard parts are out of the way now, and other hard parts will be coming soon! BWAHAHA ~falls off chair~ Chapter 14 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The ride was shorter than she remembered it, that old thing perhaps that a journey was always longest the first time you took it. Before long they were in the center of Moscow, the sleigh rushing down the familiar city streets as they approached their destination. Rey was both surprised and somehow not when they pulled up at the Metropol, her brow furrowing as she glanced up at the facade at the lights in the bedrooms above. If he thought she was going to..... “Here we are then,” Marek said amiably, hopping down and extending his hand to her. Rey avoided his eyes and grudgingly took it, holding onto her skirt as she climbed down onto the path. “They do a good dinner, Rey,” he added with a smile. “Nice puddings.” Rey smiled at him, taking a deep breath to fortify her against the butterflies in her stomach as he lead her towards the door. She stepped inside and cast her eyes around the beautiful coving that lined the ceiling, Marek hovering close beside. She could hear the strains of violins from down the hall, a light hearted tune to accompany the guests in the dining room beyond. From across the lobby Mr. Popov appeared, his shoes squeaking on the polished floor as he approached them with one eyebrow arched high on his forehead. “Mr. Marek,” he drawled smoothly, trotting down the stairs. He turned to Rey and looked her up and down appraisingly. “You again?” he hummed. “Me again,” Rey said, defiantly raising her chin even as her fingers were fiddling with a button on her coat. Mr. Popov's nostrils flared. “I'll leave you to it Miss,” Marek said, gently urging her on. She stared at him with wide, imploring eyes as though pleading for him not to leave her. “I....” she stammered around the lump in her throat. He smiled again. “You know where I'll be, miss,” he said gently. “If he gets on your nerves, you just come and find me.” Her lip twitched in a feeble kind of smile and she nodded, recalling just how obnoxious he could be. “Your coat, mamselle....?” Mr. Popov said, stepping a little closer. “Kenobi,” Rey told him as she unwrapped her scarf from around her head. “Rey Kenobi.” “Charmante,” Mr. Popov said with a sigh, his eyes dancing up and down her body as she peeled off her coat to reveal the dress beneath. Rey handed it to him, looking at his face to find that his expression had gone from disapproving to disarmed. She flushed, unused to such appraisal and she anxiously glanced at Marek to find him giving her a wistful look. “You look lovely, miss,” he told her softly. Her lashes fluttered and Mr. Popov extended his arm. “This way, mamselle,” he implored with a bow. Rey followed, bracing herself on the banister and raising the hem of her skirt as her shoes clip clopped on the marble. Better get this over with, she said to herself, taking a fortifying breath and raising her chin. Mr. Popov lead her through the lobby and to her great confusion they passed the door to the dining room and headed instead for a narrow set of stairs that lead off to one side. She didn't protest, just followed behind with silent steps as her shoes brushed the thick carpet that lined the floor. They emerged onto a corridor elegantly decorated with small lamps set into the wall and a series of doors spaced at intervals along it. Mr Popov proceeded to the end with Rey in tow, reaching for the door handle and bowing as he gestured her inside. She pushed her shoulders back and swept into the room, attempting to project an air of utter indifference to the sight that greeted her inside. It was a private dining room, beautifully decorated with a small log fire burning in an extravagant fireplace to one side. In front of her was a dining table set for two, covered with candles and such an array of gleaming silver and glass like she had never seen. To one side was a couch decorated on either side by large vases of flowers that stood on marble pedestals. Behind it was an open archway, the doors opened and obscured by curtains that hung on either side and beyond, a view of the dining room below. She could not have told what was more compelling to look at at that moment, taken aback as she was by the sheer opulence of the place. Her heart fluttered and her stomach twisted in knots – kindness, he had called it. She could well imagine what manner of kindness a man might expect in exchange for this. And there he was, loitering by the door, cigarette in hand and his wolfish eyes fixed on her like she was a piece of prime rib. Rey didn't speak, waiting instead for him to greet her but Kylo Ren just stared. He stood like a statue, a long trail of smoke wafting up from the cigarette in his fingers and his lips parted in an expression that might have been flattering but was more unnerving than anything. She gulped and rubbed her thumb against her palm, her brow quirking as the ash fell from the end of his cigarette and landed on the toe of his shoe. “Oh dear,” he mumbled, seeming to come back to himself and turning to stuff the cigarette into an ashtray. He rubbed his hands on his stomach and tugged at the hem of his jacket before taking a step towards her. “Good evening,” he said. “Good evening monsieur,” Rey squeaked as he came near, casting her dressmaker's eye over the cut of his suit and finding herself unable to criticize it. Kylo cleared his throat. “I think we can dispense with formalities can't we?” he croaked, rubbing his lips together. She noticed his fingers were twitching, the pads of his thumbs rubbing against the nails on his index fingers. He couldn't be nervous could he? Rey narrowed her eyes a little. “What should I call you then?” she queried nonchalantly and he quirked his lips. “Kylo, perhaps,” he suggested. Rey stared at him. “Kylo,” she mouthed, glancing around the room. “Champagne, monsieur?” Mr Popov asked from behind and Rey started a little, having completely forgotten that he was even there. She turned to find he had hung her coat on a hook inside the door and was hovering with an expectant look on his face. “Very good, Mr. Popov,” Kylo said without looking at him, prowling around and looking her up and down. “Very good,” Mr. Popov replied before turning out of the door with an elegant twirl and leaving them alone. “It looks very good on you,” he commented and she flushed. “I knew it would,” he added, looking her in the eye. “Please,” Kylo urged, catching her fingers and urging her closer. Rey tugged her hand out of his grip and he glowered at her disapprovingly, his eyes narrowing ever so slightly. Rey looked away from his infernal gaze, skirting the table in part to get away from him but also to take in the view of the dining room below. A string quartet played on a raised platform at one end and before it was a small open space for dancing, couples twirling across the floor in apparent bliss beneath a stunning ceiling of domed glass. Rey stared. It was.... beautiful, that was the only word she could think of even if she'd already thought it a dozen times that evening. “I wasn't sure that you would come,” Kylo admitted, coming to stand beside her as her eyes tracked the path of the narrow stairs that lead down from the balcony onto the dance floor below. “What choice did I have?” she replied, aware of his gaze on her profile as she cast her eye across the guests that dined at tables around the hall. The hubbub of chatter and the clatter of silverware drifted up towards them and the fire crackled in the hearth. “And what choice did you give me?” he asked, his voice a low growl that did strange things to her insides. “There's only so many shirts a man can buy.” Rey turned to him and cleared her throat. “Monsieur Ren....” she began. “Kylo,” he corrected but she paid him no heed. “I want to make something perfectly clear to you,” she told him, pushing her shoulders back and attempting to disguise the quiver in her voice. It didn't help that his eyes were all over her, his gaze either longing or lustful she couldn't quite decide. “I am here tonight under duress. Dinner, you said and that's all you're going to get. Do I make myself clear?” Kylo stared at her for a moment, his tongue running across his teeth as he looked her right in the eye. “Crystal,” he replied just as the door opened to reveal Mr. Popov and a young waiter dressed in a white jacket. Rey swallowed, observing as he entered carrying an ice bucket and a bottle of wine. “Drink?” Kylo asked as the waiter popped the cork. “Champagne?” Rey asked with some suspicion. Kylo shrugged. “I thought you might enjoy it,” he said innocently, plucking a glass from the table and offering it to her. And of course she would, but she wasn't going to tell him that. “How very considerate of you,” she said sceptically, taking it from him and staring at the bubbles as the fizzed in the glass. Kylo nodded at the waiter who bowed silently before turning out of the room. “That was my intention,” he said. He came closer and clinked his glass against hers. “Sante.” “If you're planning on getting me drunk, monsieur.....” “Kylo,” he amended. Rey huffed. “If you're planning on getting me drunk, Kylo, ” she said sternly. “Think again.” He laughed at that, grinning broadly and Rey tried not to notice how disarming the sight was. “You can laugh if you want,” she chided. “I will,” he replied, taking a sip of his drink. Rey observed him cautiously for a moment before she did likewise, aware of his eyes watching her as she did. “Hmm,” she uttered and Kylo quirked a brow. “You don't like it?” he asked and she chewed her lip. “It...doesn't taste like I thought it would,” she admitted. “And how did you think it would taste?” Rey pursed her lips. “I don't know, sweeter?” Kylo nodded. “Don't let the bubbles fool you,” he warned before turning away. Rey furrowed her brow in confusion and peered into her glass with wary eyes. “Sit,” he said in a low voice, pulling out a chair. Rey hesitated and scowled at him, and he scowled right back, his nostrils flaring as he huffed an impatient breath. “Please,” he growled. Rey gulped and shuffled forward, fussing with her skirt as he tucked her chair beneath her. Keeping good posture would not be a challenge during this meal, of that she was certain, sitting ramrod straight as he prowled around the room with eyes fixed on her. Kylo seated himself opposite and plucked a menu from where the waiter had left them on the end of the table. Rey took it from him, holding it in front of her like a shield as she scanned the pages. How typical of him to give her a menu completely written in French! She peered at him over the top but rather than the smug stare she expected, Kylo was apparently engrossed in his own menu. His lips pursed thoughtfully as his eyes flitted across the page and she watched him for a moment, his long lashes fluttering over his eyes. His nose was really big, she mused and not for the first time, but it suited him. His lips were pouting, which only added to his general air of being somewhere between utterly spoiled and woefully neglected. He reclined in his chair completely unfazed and somewhat disinterested in the apparent luxury which surrounded them and she wasn't sure whether to be envious or annoyed. His eyes darted towards her and she froze, cringing internally at being caught staring. Kylo held her gaze for a moment, the quiver of his jaw and the flutter of his lashes giving him the look of a wounded puppy. “Ready?” he rumbled and she swallowed. “Yes,” she uttered, clearing her throat and casting her eye over the page. Shit, she thought as he rang the bell to summon the waiter to their table. “We'll start with caviar,” Kylo said without asking and Rey frowned a little. He tilted his head to one side questioningly but she said nothing, just looked at her menu again. “Very good monsieur. And to follow?” the waiter said politely, bowing to her. “Mamselle?” Rey licked her lips. “Gigot d'agneau,” she read smoothly from the page. Kylo quirked a brow and she responded in kind. “And for monsieur?” he said, turning back to Kylo. “Poitrine de veau,” he answered. “And the Sopron nineteen ten.” The waiter didn't bat an eyelid at what Rey presumed must be a wine, since she couldn't imagine they would be drinking tea with their dinner. “Excellent choice, monsieur,” he said. “Hungarian,” Kylo informed her, as though she should be impressed by that. “Oh,” was her only response, watching with disapproving eyes as Kylo thrust the menu at the waiter without so much a thank you. “Merci,” Rey said obsequiously as she passed hers to him, meeting Kylo's glower with a smirk. “Merci mamselle,” the waiter said, his eyes twinkling as he accepted her proffered card and gifted her with a broad smile. “He's well paid,” Kylo told her once the waiter had left them alone. “What?” Rey asked, sipping on her champagne. Kylo grimaced. “There's no need to flirt with him,” he informed her with a vague sneer. “It won't get you better service.” “I was not flirting,” she told him snappishly but Kylo was undaunted. “You needn't think he likes you just because he's nice to you,” he said condescendingly. “It's his job.” “Manners cost nothing you know,” Rey told him, mildly disgusted by his attitude. “Is that what you call it?” She sighed, watching him remove his cigarettes from his pocket. “That's just typical of you,” she told him disdainfully and he snorted, stuffing a cigarette in his mouth. “No wonder you have to resort to blackmail.” Kylo's hand fell against the table, his cigarette lighter thunking against the surface and his cigarette sticking to his lower lip. Rey wore a look of dismay as she took in his expression on his face, as though she had slapped him with a wet mackerel. “I beg your pardon?!” he gasped in horror. Rey's eyes went wide. “You beg my pardon?” she replied with equal consternation. “You threatened to throw my fiance in jail!” “I kept your fiance out of jail!” Kylo said forcefully, his brow furrowing with hurt. Rey sputtered, staring at him agog. “Oh my god,” she breathed. “Does the idea that I'm going to marry someone else not mean anything to you?” He snorted and lit his cigarette. “You're not married yet,” he muttered, pulling it out of his lips and exhaling a smokey breath. “Cigarette?” he offered. Rey frowned. “You are unbelievable,” she said, shaking her head. “And you are very difficult,” he replied. “How can you say that to me?” she demanded. “You! Who's been nothing but a boor since the moment we met!” “That is categorically untrue,” Kylo growled, leering across the table at her. “I was perfectly civil until you started acting like a princess.” “Ah haha,” Rey sputtered, an uncontrollable nervous giggle tumbling out of her mouth. “You are delusional. It was you who started it!” Kylo's scowl grew so fierce that her heart fluttered in her chest. “Yes I must be mad,” he growled, looking down his nose at her. “You're just sore because I turned you down,” Rey reminded him as the door opened once more and their waiter returned, dancing into the room with a tray elegantly balanced on his palm. Rey averted her eyes and Kylo sat silently puffing away, smoke billowing out of his nostrils like a dragon. The atmosphere was beyond awkward as the waiter set a dish on the table, a little silver cup full of ice with a small dish of black... matter wedged inside and tiny little blinis arranged around the edge. “What is it?” she asked, her lip curling as she peered closer. “Caviar,” Kylo told her, stubbing out his cigarette and pouring himself another glass of champagne. Without asking he topped up Rey's glass but she didn't complain, just took a large gulp to fortify herself. It was going to be a long night. “It's roe,” he explained. “Roe,” she repeated. “From a sturgeon,” he said, reaching forward and picking up a little silver spoon that sat beside the plate. It looked ridiculous in his enormous fingers and a chuckle sputtered unbidden out of her throat. His eyes flicked towards her and she coughed in a feeble attempt to cover up her amusement - this was obligation, not entertainment. “What?” he asked innocently. “You look like you're playing in a dolls house,” she told him. “Using that tiny spoon to put caviar on that tiny pancake.” Kylo made a face and stared at his hands, his nostrils flaring. “Are you trying to emasculate me?” he asked drably. “Because you won't succeed.” Rey frowned because she didn't even know what that word meant. “Mmm,” he mumbled as he chewed, clearly enjoying the dish. “Oh,” Rey uttered as she chewed, swallowing with difficulty and washing the taste away with some more champagne. “You don't like it?” he asked and she coughed. “It's.....very fishy,” she told him. “And....salty.” He licked his lips. “Give it a chance,” he urged, helping himself to another morsel. “You like this?” Rey asked as he placed another one onto her plate and he nodded enthusiastically. “Yes,” he said, perhaps more earnestly than she'd ever seen him except perhaps that day in the car, before he'd turned back into a pig. Or perhaps a toad but whatever he was she wasn't going to kiss hoping he might suddenly turn into a prince. Or the nephew of a prince. He caught her eye and gave her a nod with his chin. “It's the kind of thing you have to get used to,” he assured her. “Is it very expensive?” Rey asked, prodding her pancake. “Very,” Kylo drawled in a low voice. “Oh,” she said, staring at the small heap of fish eggs before her. Waste not want not, she told herself reaching down and picking it up. “You don't have to eat it if you don't like it,” he told her sulkily. “I thought I just had to get used to it?” she asked and he sighed. “Well.....yes but don't suffer it if you really don't enjoy it,” Kylo said and she froze, the blini held in front of her mouth as she stared at him. “What?” he asked. Slowly she lowered the pancake to the plate. “So if I don't want to eat this I don't have to?” she asked and he shrugged. “Of course not.” Her nose twitched and she sipped her champagne. “Can I have a cigarette, please?” “You can have whatever you want,” he said, opening the case and offering her one. Rey peered at him through her lashes as she lit her cigarette on a candle, sinking back down into her seat and puffing on it thoughtfully. "So I can do whatever I want?" she queried and he furrowed his brow. "Of course," Kylo replied, apparently confused by the question. “Can I leave now?” she ventured and he sighed in exasperation, “You are quite sadistic, aren't you?” he accused. Rey scowled. “What?” Kylo dropped his napkin onto the table and laughed bitterly. “I think,” he said leaning closer. “You are enjoying this. Making me beg.” Her eyes went wide. “I am not !” she protested and he smiled. “Doesn't it please you at all? ” Rey stared at him, looking into eyes that felt like they were burning holes right into her. She puffed on her cigarette as a distraction, the glowing tip hissing in her ear as the paper singed. “Knowing you could ask me for whatever you want and I'd give it to you?” The door opened and her heart started to beat again, their white coated waiter entering once more. This time he was not alone, accompanied by another young man wheeling a trolley through the door. Rey put out her cigarette and emptied her glass of champagne, just for something to do with her hands as the table was cleared. The wine glasses were cleared away and the empty champagne bottle with it, and as her dish of lamb was set before her Kylo waved his hand dismissively at the waiter's offer to taste the wine. The waiter quirked a brow but made no comment, just filled their glasses before the pair of them disappeared from the room. Rey gripped her knife and fork and took a few shallow breaths, aware of Kylo's eyes on her as he began to eat. He lifted his glass and took a sip of wine, his eyes rolling back in his head as he let out a little hum of pleasure. She looked at her own glass, the liquid shimmering ruby red in the candlelight. Delicately she took a tiny sip and moved it around her mouth like she had seen him do moments before, uncertain what she thought about the taste. “Are you not enjoying your lamb?” he asked mildly and she coughed. “It's very nice,” she said and he snorted. “It should be, we have an excellent chef.” Rey nodded and remained quiet as he prattled. “French, of course. I poached him from the Savoy.” “Oh?” Rey murmured. “It's in London,” Kylo explained, setting his glass down. Her brow quirked. “Interesting city.” “Very smoggy they say,” she commented absently and he dipped his head from side to side. “No worse than here, not really,” he replied. “You've travelled a lot then?” she asked. He looked at her with a mild expression. “Yes I suppose.” “You suppose?” Rey scoffed, rolling her eyes. “I've never even been out of Moscow.” “Never?” he asked, his face betraying his surprise. “Not unless you count Nikolaev,” she answered. “Hmmm, is that where you were born?” he asked and she nodded. Kylo pursed his lips thoughtfully, idly tapping his fork against the meat on his plate. “I was born in the north,” he informed her conversationally. “In Rybinsk,” Rey commented idly, swallowing a swig of wine. Kylo regarded her with interest. “Yes,” he said. “Been gossiping about me have you?” “I have a dozen teenage girls living in my building,” she informed him coolly. “Do you suppose we don't talk?” His lip curled in a smile. “And what do they say?” Rey shook her head. “If you're fishing for compliments, you won't hear any from me,” she retorted primly and he chuckled. “That bad huh? And after I've given them all a pay rise!” Rey rolled her eyes and he snorted. “What? Oh don't tell me you think I did that because of you! Such conceit.” Rey curled her lip. “Oh and you're just so socially minded you did it out of the kindness of your heart?” she sneered. Kylo emptied his wine glass and topped it up, staring back at her apparently unfazed. “It's not kindness, Rey, but business,” he told her. “Business,” Rey parroted, setting down her own drink and studiously ignoring how he topped it up. “It doesn't benefit anyone to pay so badly your own workers can't eat,” he quipped idly. “And what good is it to me if they go on strike every five minutes.” Rey rolled her eyes. “Oh, I forgot you're a little Bolshevik, I'm sure you have a lot of opinions.” Rey avoided his eyes and speared a carrot. “Actually I consider myself more a social democrat really,” she said, stuffing it into her mouth. “Is that what your fiance says?” he asked and she clenched her jaw in irritation. “I have a mind of my own you know,” she tutted and he snorted into his wine. “You find that amusing?” “No, no, I'm sorry,” he said mildly and she jerked her chin back, surprised to hear such words coming from his mouth. “It's just that you're really very charming you know.” Her eyes went wide. “And you're very passionate and.....” He caught her gawping at him in shock and his lashes fluttered, his eyes fixing on her mouth. “This never happens to me,” he rasped. “I'm not like this, I'm not one of those men that chases every bit of skirt but you....you've done something to me.” Rey didn't know what to say, just stared at his tie so she didn't have to look at his face. “God, it's pathetic really, no wonder you can't stand the sight of me. Marek was right.” “Marek?” she asked, furrowing her brow. Kylo reached for his glass and took several large gulps of wine. “What about Marek?” Kylo let out strangled breath of laughter. “He said that you're too good for me,” he told her, looking her in the eye. She blinked. “And what did you say to that?” she asked, taking a swig of her own drink and he smiled. “I hit him,” Kylo said with a hint of pride. Rey gawped. “You what?” she gasped and his smile grew. “It's alright, he hit me back,” he told her. “We fight sometimes.” “With your fists?!” He laughed. “We box, Rey,” he explained. “You know, English style boxing. In a ring.” “I see,” she said, taking a drink. Well that explained the muscles, she mused silently. “It's good exercise,” Kylo continued. “What about you? What do you do?” “What do I do?” Rey asked and he shrugged a shoulder, topping up their wineglasses. “Don't tell you just work, my god.” “I...I don't really do anything,” she said, her brow furrowing a little. “I...suppose I read a lot. I walk.” “And do you dance?” he enquired, apparently innocently. Rey flushed bashfully. “I try,” she admitted and he smiled. “And would you dance with me?” he asked, looking her in the eye. Rey wasn't sure if it was the wine, but she was sure that she should say no. And yet when she looked at him, he was making that face again, that unbearably sad face like he would cry if she did. She wanted to say no. She should have said no. “You're a dark horse, Rey Kenobi,” he told her as the spun around the dancefloor, busier now as dinner progressed. “How so?” she asked, confuddled as much by the wine in her system as his words. “You're a very good dancer,” Kylo said and her brow quirked, noting privately that he was a very good dancer too. “I suppose you had lessons,” she replied and he smiled. “I did,” he admitted. “With my friend Phas. My mother would send me to her house after school and her mother would make us turn around the dining room over and over and over.” Rey smiled softly, noting the affectionate twinkle in his eye as he spoke. “You had a girl for a friend?” she noted and he shrugged. “And?” “Nothing,” Rey demurred, adjusting her grip on his shoulder and trying not to notice the firmness of the muscles beneath. She was flustered by her lack of grace and it was hard to make conversation while he was holding her so close. “So you can polka,” he said as one tune came to an end and another began to play. His hand shifted on her waist and she shivered as he pulled her near once more. “Can you waltz?” “I think those are the only two I can do,” she confessed and he smiled wistfully, his lashes fluttering as he replied. “You need a teacher,” he said and she flushed hotly, dizzy from drink. “You're blushing,” he observed. “You're not embarrassed to be seen with me are you?” “I should think it was more the other way around.” “You can't really believe that,” Kylo replied with a slight frown. Rey glanced from side to side at the eyes around the room. “They're staring at us,” she commented. His nostrils flared. “If they are staring at me, it's only because they are jealous,” he said with that familiar smugness that was somehow comforting to her now. Rey rolled her eyes. “Because you're so rich and handsome,” she scoffed and his lip curled up in a smile. “Well I'm flattered you think so,” he quipped. “But that isn't the reason why.” “Oh?” she queried, somehow less irritated than she should be and instead amused. His smile grew wider. “It's because I'm dancing with you.” Rey opened her mouth to speak but no words came out, so she just stared at his smiling face as he spun her around and around and around. When the music finished, he stepped away but he didn't let go of her hand. They stood on the dance floor amid the other couples while the seated guests gave a gentle round of applause. Around them, the gentleman dancers bowed in gratitude and Kylo did likewise, but still he didn't let go of her hand and this time Rey didn't insist like she might have before. “Come on,” he said, glancing across the room and gesturing with his hand to one of the white coated waiters that drifted around the room. “I ordered something special for dessert.” Rey didn't protest as he lead her up the stairs, she was too busy catching her breath and trying not to trip over her skirt to pull her hand away. When they reached the room he poured them both a glass of water and she accepted it happily, peering over the rim of the glass as the doors opened. She watched with interest as the dessert was wheeled in, her eyes going wide as she realized it was not a porcelain bird perched on the tray but one carved, in fact, from ice. “Oh my god,” she breathed. “Is that....a swan?” “Pretty isn't it?” Kylo said with a grin. “It's a Metropol special.” “What is it?” she asked stepping closer. She peeked between the wings to spy some fruit hidden beneath. “Peaches, mamselle,” their server informed her and she smiled. “They poach them, in sugar and wine and things,” Kylo explained coming to rest behind her. She glanced over her shoulder at him but he was apparently more interested in what their server was doing than peering down the front of her dress as she had suspected. She turned back to the dessert, utterly entranced by the process as each piece of peach was rolled in a bright red sauce and placed with vanilla ice cream in a kind of biscuit, a thin basket of pastry that sat on a fine china plate. “Try this,” Kylo urged, handing her a little glass of red liquid. “What is it?” Rey asked as he clinked their glasses together. “It's raspberry,” he told her. “Like the sauce.” “Hmmm, oh my god,” Rey gasped. “That is really good.” “Up, up, up, drink up,” Kylo said, catching the bottom of her glass on the back of his hand and urging it towards her lips. She sputtered, looking him the eye as the liqueur flooded her mouth, a single drop escaping her lips and trickling down her chin. She flushed hotly as Kylo reached up and caught it on his thumb, her heartbeat loud in her ear as he brushed it across her lips. Rey was frozen by his gaze, his hand clasped under her chin for a moment before stroking slowly down her neck. “I meant to say, I noticed before....your neck,” he said, swallowing hard and tracking the path of his hand down her throat. “How bare it is.” He blinked and looked her in the eye. “I should have sent you something. A pendant.” Rey's mouth opened and closed like a goldfish and she just stared at him. “You don't have to buy me gifts,” she said, swallowing around the lump in her throat. “What if I want to?” Kylo replied, staring at her mouth. “Monsieur, mamselle,” the waiter intoned softly, placing a single plate of dessert on the table before them. Rey turned her face towards it, grateful for the distraction and turning to examine it as the waiters shuffled out with the dirty dishes, leaving the enormous carved swan on the table. “What is that?” she asked, looking at the strange covering over the dessert that glinted like amber or gold. Kylo smiled. “Spun sugar,” he said. “Here.” He picked up a spoon and handed it to her. Rey licked her lips and let her hand hover above the plate. “It looks so beautiful,” she said. “It's almost a shame to break it.” “Don't be afraid,” Kylo said softly. “You'll like it.” She smiled shyly and tapped the spoon against the sugar, huffing as it bounced off once, twice before cracking on the third attempt. “Oh that was satisfying,” she confessed and he sighed. “Yes, it's nice to be the first,” he uttered, his breath tickling her ear. "Like walking on fresh snow." Rey was still, aware of his eyes on her profile as she took several shallow breaths. “Kylo....” she began but he wasn't paying attention. “Taste it,” he said, plucking the spoon from her fingers and cutting into the peach. With his fingers he snapped off a bit of spun sugar and offered it to her with a little smile. Rey took it, crunching away as she tried to ignore the scent of his cologne and the heat of his body so close beside her. She was drunk, more than she thought she would be but then, he had warned her about the bubbles and she had drunk it anyway. “Open up,” he urged, raising the spoon to her lips and she obeyed, too stunned to resist. It wasn't proper, how close he was standing and it wasn't proper that he should feed like a child but oh god, wasn't it delicious – sweet peach and sharp raspberry and the soft slurry of vanilla ice cream beneath it all and she couldn't help herself. “Hmmm,” she moaned, her eyes closing as she let out a little groan of pleasure. “Good isn't it?” Kylo said in a low voice and her eyes fluttered open, wide as saucers as she realized how close he was. “That's the best thing I've ever tasted,” she mumbled, clasping her hand to her lips and watching through her lashes as he took a little morsel for himself. “Oh god,” he mumbled, closing his eyes. “That's so nice.” “Extravagant,” Rey observed, glancing over at the carved swan and tracking the path of a single drop of water that slowly tricked down its neck. She peered down at the mangled dessert on the plate and snapped off another piece of sugar, rolling it between her fingers. “Worth every penny I'd say,” he replied as he caressed her cheek with the back of his knuckle, a touch more tender than she would have thought him capable of. If she could have thought at all. “Kuh....Kylo,” she stammered as he leaned closer. “You're so beautiful,” he breathed. She was frozen, unable to move for a moment as he pressed his lips against hers. When his arms went around her she whimpered, a feeble little cry escaping her lips as he sucked her lower lip into his mouth with a groan. “Please,” she gasped. “Kylo,” she said again, more forceful now, pressing her palms into his chest and pushing against him. “Please don't” she cried, twisting her head away and slithering out of his arms. “I can't stop,” he uttered in a low rumbling tone, catching her in an embrace and pulling her close once more. “Do you really want me to?” He spun her around and tilted her backward, her nails digging into his shirt as a stuttering little whimper fell from her lips. He kissed her again, more intently this time, one hand sliding up to clasp the back of her neck as the other dragged along the ridge of her spine. His body was warm and broad against her but his kiss was gentle even as his grip was firm. He tasted like peaches and raspberry liqueur, his mouth on hers quite unlike any other kiss she'd had before. She knew that she should stop him - she knew that she should, but when his hand squeezed her backside and pulled her even closer against him, her resistance melted away like the carved ice swan in front of the fire and she let him kiss her anyway. Notes: She let him kiss her anyway. SHE LET HIM KISS HER ANYWAY. READ THE TAGS, READ THEM NOW I IMPLORE YOU! Chapter 15 Notes: Hello. So let's start with everyone's favourite TRIGGER WARNINGS for DUBIOUS CONSENT AND RIPPED BODICES. I warned everyone from the start so any flaming comments will be doused with a bucket of delete. Thanks to KagamiSorciere for an educational discussion about vintage underwear. How delightfully convenient that ladies' bloomers were fashioned with a split between the legs!!! And thanks to Elwyngirlie for all her thoughtful words while I argue with writing this and just generally tolerating my whining. And to littlescrim, for snoot poots - you are the trapped wind beneath my bingo wings. And let me just dedicate this to om-nom-berries (Louisa? LadyJenise?Mrs.Awesomeness?), All_Blue and IshaRen for their fanarts and moodboards. Srs I am sooooo flattered, and they are beautiful! I will put links at the bottom! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) There were many things in life, Rey supposed, that seemed incomprehensible at first encounter, like a page in a foreign magazine written in an alien script. It was gibberish unless you learned how to read it, patiently applying yourself bit by bit, practising over and over until eventually the words on the page began to make sense. Rey practised. V was a B and B wasn't there at all but in the end they were all the same sounds even if they looked different. Men were like that - strange and incomprehensible but that never stopped her from trying to learn. And kissing was like that too, she might have agreed if she could really think about it in that moment. She'd been so curious about it that her heart beat a little faster every time Finn leaned towards her; but kissing him it turned out, was like tasting champagne - not at all what she had expected. She drank it and by the end of the glass she supposed she was used to it, could grow to like it but it didn't really make her sing like she had thought it would, couldn't really understand why everyone raved about it. Kissing Kylo....well that was nothing like tasting champagne, no. Kissing him was like poached peaches and raspberry liqueur topped with spun golden sugar and she wanted to gorge herself on it. Kylo seemed to approve, moaning into her mouth and pulling her flush against him. She had only a vague notion of what was pressing against her belly and there was no denying that it was at once exciting and terrifying. She let out a little sigh, her body tingling as his wandering hands roamed across the bodice of her dress, covetous touches that made her head spin. He hummed and leaned into her, devouring her mouth as his arms wrapped tight around her. His mouth. Heaven help her! His hand trailed up her side and her stomach twitched, a gasp issuing from between her lips as his palm closed around her breast with a soft squeeze. Her eyes flew open and she came crashing back to reality – the chatter of voices from the dining room below, the snapping of the logs in the hearth. She staggered, catching herself on her hand as she bumped into the table but Kylo's kiss just became more eager even as she twisted her face away. “Kylo,” she stammered. With one hand she tugged at the collar of his shirt as the other scrabbled for purchase against the table. “Rey,” he groaned, dragging his lips across her cheek as he cupped her jaw and pressed her face to his. “Stuh....stop,” she whimpered. “Kylo, stop,” she said against, pushing against his shoulder and squirming away from his kiss. “We can't!” “Why can't we?” he mumbled, dragging his lips across her cheek as he cupped her jaw and pressed her face to his. She grimaced and wriggled out of his touch. “You know why!” “All I know is I haven't been able to stop thinking about you since the moment I laid eyes on you,” he gasped, clasping her head in his hand and looking her in the eye. That face, that face again oh god, how was she supposed to resist that face? “Please,” she whimpered, her face screwing up like she was in agony. And it was agony, of a kind. “Stop trying to convince yourself that you hate me when we both know it's not true!” he growled as she squirmed in his arms, pushing against his shoulders to escape his infernal mouth. “You want me to kiss you!” “My fiance,” she cried shaking her head as he peppered kisses all over her face. “Do you kiss him like this?” he murmured, brushing his nose against hers before devouring her mouth again. She moaned as his arms went around her, falling into him and clutching at his jacket as he lifted her onto the table. The crockery clattered and she was dimly aware of the dull thunk of silverware hitting the carpet but his mouth, oh his mouth! “I just want to be good to you,” he told her, his hand sliding up her thigh. Her fingers were in his hair now, her thigh hooked over his hip and the hard lump in his pants made her shiver as it pressed between her legs. “Won't you let me be good to you?” he asked, sucking her tongue into his mouth as one hand began to knead her backside. She yelped, a feeble whimper of protest even as her arms squeezed around his shoulders. Kylo moaned, a low rumbling hum of pleasure that rippled through her and made her clench, a wanting unfurling like a flower in her belly as his hand slid up along her thigh. “What are you....” Rey whimpered, a ragged, stuttering sound as his fingers found their way to the split in her underwear. Her face screwing up in surprise as the tip of one finger slipped through nest of curls between her legs to probe that sensitive place hidden beneath. “Kylo-oh!” she gasped. “Oh there it is,” he uttered breathlessly, leaning his forehead against hers and looking into her eyes. Rey shuddered, her whole body tensing up as little sparks of sensation shot through her body, the slow wash of arousal sweeping through her thighs. Kylo smiled wickedly. “Does he touch you like this?” “What?” she sobbed, flushing with shame as wetness flooded between her legs. Kylo blinked languidly, his finger circling ever so slowly around and around. Her mouth dropped open and she swayed deliriously as her clit began to tingle. “That little spot,” he murmured, pressing his lips to her ear. “How do you.....ooh,” she cried, her lip trembling as she let out an incredulous breath. “Oh I know all about that,” he told her, his low voice a low rumble and the candlelight dancing in his dark eyes. “I know how you touch it,” he murmured, brushing his nose against hers as his as little electric shocks of pleasure sparked through her thighs. “When you're alone.” She moaned uncontrollably, pleasure coiling in her belly and her pussy clenching hard. “And you think no-one knows.” He peered into her eyes. “But I know.” She couldn't help herself. She groaned, her back arching and her fingers clutching at his shoulders as his lips pressed against the shell of her ear. “Oh, sweet girl,” he whispered, his hand sliding down her back to cup her ass and pull her against him. His arm went around her waist and she flopped against his chest, clinging to his jacket as he dragged her to her feet. She stumbled, her skirt tangling around her knees as he guided her backwards towards the couch with his hand still cupped between her legs. Strong arms wrapped around her as he tipped her back across the seat, kissing her into the cushions before she could protest. “Please,” she whimpered in a pathetic, whining voice as he mouthed at her jaw, her palms clutching at his shoulders as he kissed down her throat. “Please what?” he mumbled against her skin, the press of his hips against hers driving all rational thought from her mind. “Kylo,” she sobbed, her treacherous hips surging to meet the brush of his erection where it lay trapped between them. “Say it!” he groaned, grinding against her and rubbing his face in the valley of her breasts. She moaned, grinding her clit against the hard length of him. “Oh please don't stop!” she cried, her face screwing up and her chest heaving with a sobbing breath. Kylo moaned and kissed her hotly, covering with his body and pressing her into the couch. Rey clasped his head in her palms, her fingers threading through his hair as his hands roved her body. “Do you have any idea how much I want you,” he gasped between kisses. His lips trailed down her throat, his tongue dipping into the ridge of her collarbone before he sank his teeth into her shoulder. Rey yelped, her eyes bulging at the sting of his teeth on her skin. His hands roved her body, squeezing her breasts through the bodice of her dress and his lips following in their path. “You're all I think about,” he told her, his voice cracking as he kissed his way down her body, scraping his teeth over her nipples where they pressed through the fabric of her gown. She quivered, her legs shaking uncontrollably as he wedged his knee between her legs and urged them apart. He sat up, hovering between her legs as he brushed his hair out of his face and tugged off his tie. He peeled his jacket over his shoulders and threw it on the floor, never taking his eyes off her as he loosened the buttons on his collar. She watched, shallow breaths coming through parted lips as he took each hand in turn and peeled her gloves down her arms. Her mouth opened and closed as if to speak but no words came out, mute as Kylo pressed kisses in her palms. She gulped as his hand stroked along her thigh, her lip quivering as though she were shivering with cold and when his hands slipped under her skirt to tug at her underwear, Rey yelped. She clutched at his wrists and peered up at him with wide, imploring eyes. “Oh no no no,” she whimpered straining up off the cushions towards him, her expression pouting, panicked. “What are you doing?” Kylo smiled wistfully and leaned closer. “Hush, hush,” he murmured, kissing her on the lips and peeling the long white cotton shorts down her thighs. “It's alright, it's alright,” Kylo said soothingly, pushing her knees up and smoothing one hand down her calf. Rey flopped back against the cushions, biting her lip to stifle the quivering of her jaw as Kylo dragged her underwear over her ankles and cast it aside. Her breath came in ragged pants, hissing, gasping breaths through her mouth as he caught one ankle and stretched her leg up the length of his body. “Rey, Rey, Rey, ” he murmured softly against her skin, his lips pressing a kiss to her ankle while his hand stroked over her knee. She blushed beet red, trembling uncontrollably and biting her lip to stifle her embarrassment as her skirt fell away from her legs. “Beautiful Rey,” he uttered, kissing up her calf, his eyes fixed on the thatch of curls that covered her sex. She let out a silent, sighing breath, her lips parting as he stroked up her thighs and pushed them wider apart. His fingers splayed as they neared her center, thick fingers pushing her skirt up and brushing along the crease of her thigh. His fingertips skated across her belly and she twitched uncontrollably, her fingers digging into the cushions in trepidation. His thumb brushed over the soft folds of her pussy, nudging at her clit and making her twitch. She bit her lip to stifle a moan, her legs shaking feverishly as he kissed his way along the inside of her leg. His nostrils flared as he watched the slow slide of his finger, humming in approval even as she flushed with shame. Rey whimpered, her fingers digging into his shoulders as he leaned closer. “Sssh,” he uttered soothingly, brushing the tip of his nose over the sensitive skin on her inner thigh and pressing a kiss in the juncture where her leg met her hip. “Just let me be good to you,” he told her, trailing kisses across her mound and sucking on the other thigh. He hummed again, the sound reverberating through her pussy and making her clench with need. His fingers stroked across her hips, one hand sliding upwards to caress her body with as he kissed up and down the length of her slit. Rey blinked, staring up at the coving on the ceiling as his thumb parted the slippery folds of her sex and when his tongue snaked between them her mouth fell open. She flinched, inhaling a loud gasping breath and digging her fingers into his hair. The hand on her stomach pressed down a little, holding her still as he began to kiss between her legs, a warm, wet kiss of hot tongue and soft lips like the one he had given her mouth. A cello thrummed in the hall below, the melodious sing song of the bow over the strings floating through the door as his tongue danced along her slit. Rey sighed, her eyes falling closed and for every little sigh of pleasure that fell from her lips, Kylo moaned like the low groan of the double bass. He found that spot, the one that ached and throbbed and when he sucked it between his lips, she couldn't stifle the sound that fell out of her throat, squeaking and discordant like the violins downstairs. Rey clasped her hand over her mouth and bit into her fingers to stifle the sound, glancing down to see two dark eyes peering up at her as his tongue swirled around and around. He was the devil himself, playing her body like a fiddle and she was damned as she danced to his unholy tune. It was sordid and wicked but god help her if it didn't feel good, if it might not be best thing she'd ever felt. She buried her face in a cushion and let out a pathetic little sob while Kylo hummed approvingly, feasting on her like she was another course of dinner. Her limbs felt heavy, thrumming with sensation and wasn't he wicked? Wasn't he sin itself? She felt thick fingers curl between her own, comforting, consoling and she squeezed them tight. His thumb brushed across her nipple, achingly erect where it pressed against the bodice of her dress and sent sparks of sensation shooting through her core. “Oh god,” she cried, arousal and shame washing through her in hot, heady waves. She stuttered, her breath catching in her chest as something inside her – that strange heavy tension, seemed to snap, hard, like a tightly coiled spring unravelling. And then she was floating, for a brief, blissful moment, her breath escaping her chest in a long languid sigh. She recognized the sensation although it was not quite like any experience of it she'd had before. Pleasure, tenfold from that which she'd given herself in those rare, secret moments in the night. Kylo was kissing her thighs, one hand soothing up and down the leg that was hanging limply over his shoulder while the other caressed her body with slow, gentle strokes. His hair was soft beneath her fingers, his voice gentle, coaxing as his tongue flicked at her clit with idle touches until he sucked it into his mouth once more. “Sweet Rey,” he murmured into her skin as she twitched with little aftershocks of pleasure, his eyes closed as he scraped his teeth along the sensitive flesh of her inner thigh. “Beautiful Rey.” She flopped like a ragdoll as he pulled her into his arms, settling her across his lap and kissing her hotly. The soft fuzz of the rug beneath was scratchy on her knees and she could feel him hard between her legs. His kiss wasn't quite like before, less sweet and she shuddered at the taste of herself on his lips, musky and strange like caviar and red wine. An acquired taste perhaps but one that Kylo Ren seemed hungry for. She clung to him, trembling uncontrollably as his hands roamed her body, his breath whispering in her ear. “Don't be afraid,” he told her softly, peppering her face with kisses as his fingers fumbled with the stays of her dress. “We were made for this.” The hunger in his gaze was less foreign now that she understood what it really meant, like Roman letters on the page of a French magazine once incomprehensible but starting to make sense now that she knew how to read them. Kylo grunted in frustration, his breath tickling her face as he gripped at the straps of her dress. He let out a snarl, his hands fisting in the flimsy material and tugging hard. “Kylo!” she cried, her nails digging into his shoulders as the sound of stitching ripping filled her ears. She squirmed in his arms as he tugged her dress down her body, his nostrils flaring and his jaw clenched. “You are so beautiful,” he told her, mouthing at her jaw as he tipped her head back. Spine arching like a cat, she moaned as his lips trailed downward to close over her nipple. Rey held onto him, sighing as the flat of his tongue licked a wet stripe over her skin. His mouth was warm and wet, her nipples like hard points as the cool air ghosted across her flesh. He laid her back across the carpet and her fingers tangled in his hair as he laved at her breasts, babbling sweet nothings as he fumbled with the fly of his pants. She felt weak, drained, her body still singing with the memory of pleasure and she couldn't resist, didn't want to resist. The back of his knuckles brushed between her legs and she whimpered, her nails digging into his skin through the fabric of his shirt. The shirt she'd made him. He pushed up on his knees and loomed over her as he loosened the buttons, his face cast in shadow. He looked rakish and sinful, the candlelight flickering in his eyes as he brushed his hair back off his face. “Touch me,” he breathed, catching her hand and guiding it towards the fly of his pants. Rey swallowed around the lump in her throat, afraid of this alien thing that she felt beneath her hand. She couldn't bring herself to look at it, mapping its contours with her fingertips instead of her eyes. It was smooth to the touch, soft yet hard, a spider's web of moisture clinging to her palm. His eyes fell shut as he closed his fingers over hers, wrapping around the hard length of him and a low moan tumbling from his lips. Up and down he guided her touch until he was panting, his nostrils flaring as he exhaled ragged breaths. When he released her hand she didn't let go, just stared at his cock where it jutted proudly away from his body. It was long and thick, flushed red between the dark thatch of curls that spilled out between his fly. She shivered. Kylo tugged on the hem of his shirt and pulled it up over his head, his thick arms and broad chest pale from lack of sun. Rey stared, her mouth falling open and her hand moving of its own volition towards his skin. “Shit!” he cursed, the cuffs tangling at his wrists and binding his hands together. “Help me,” he implored, raising his bound wrists to her. Rey blinked. She didn't move, just stroked her hand up over the ridged muscles in his stomach towards the hard points of his nipples. Why did men have nipples? He twitched as she dragged her fingernail over it, a little huffing breath falling from his lips. His skin was soft, softer than she would have imagined a man's skin could feel and he was....beautiful. Kylo reached down and brushed a strand of hair out of her eyes, cupping her cheek in his palm. Her lashes fluttered as she peered up at his face, his expression softer now, tender. She should push him away, should knock him onto his ass and run out of the door. She should, but she didn't. She chewed her lip and cautiously reached forward to brush the soft silk of his shirt aside, catching the inside of his cufflink on her fingernail and slipping it through the hole. She peeked up at him as he pulled his hands free, catching her hand and raising it to his lips. He pressed a kiss to the inside of her wrist, holding her gaze as he leaned closer. She held onto him, trembling as his arms snaked around her back and lay her down on the carpet. “Hush, hush,” he murmured, kissing her softly, a tender touch of his lips on hers. He held her face with one hand on her cheek as the other crept lower to catch on her thigh, hooking her leg over his hip and opening her to him. He was kissing her again, her stomach twitching uncontrollably as she felt his sex brush between her legs. Rey clenched her jaw, her nostrils flaring as she let out a stuttering, ragged breath and she was shaking, trembling with fear and anticipation and a myriad of other emotions. He was baffling to her, at once frightening and alluring but she didn't want to stop. “If you knew how much I've wanted this,” he mumbled against her lips and she let out pathetic sob. The head of his cock danced up and down her slit, prodding, teasing but never penetrating. “How beautiful you are?” he breathed, his voice barely a whisper. “Kylo,” she said, her voice a shuddering sigh. “Tell me you want me,” he begged, mouthing her cheek. Rey opened her eyes and looked at his face, his brow furrowed in anguish. “Say it.” Oh that face! How was she supposed to resist that face? “God help me,” Rey confessed, biting her lip as a tear threatened to escape her eye. “How could I not?” He growled, plundering her mouth once more and shifting between her legs. She was shaking like a leaf in the wind as she felt him press against her and she gasped, clinging to him tightly as his cock sank inside. “Oh god,” she sobbed, screwing her face up at the sharp pain that followed. “Oh hush, sweet girl,” he murmured, leaning closer and pressing a kiss to her cheek. She exhaled raggedly and dug her nails into his back, staring at the shimmering glass on the chandelier above. It twinkled in the half light, her vision blurring as tears pricked her eyes. “It only hurts for a moment,” he told her softly, kissing her eyelids. “Oh little bird.” She choked, writhing on the carpet beneath him as he pulled back only to bear down again a moment later. He moaned in pleasure, babbling into her ear as his hips began to rock and the hard length of him pressed further inside. Slow shallow thrusts at first that grew faster, deeper and she gasped as she felt him touch a place inside of her that she didn't know even existed. Her eyes went wide and her mouth made an O of surprise, her hands clutching at his shoulders. “That's it,” he crooned in her ear, his fingers gripping her thigh and pushing her leg up so that he could slide deeper. “Oh Rey, sweet beautiful Rey,” he muttered, his eyes falling shut as he moved above her. Rey sputtered, struggling to catch her breath as he kissed her again. She twisted her face away and held on tight, letting out a long ragged groan as she tried to make sense of it all. The pain ebbed with each breath, his thrusts easier now and the sound of his moans in her ear making her throb hotly. In the hall outside music played,a cheery, lilting tune and little wisps of laughter drifting through the door like steam off the carved ice on the table. The fire crackled beside them, the cinders hushing softly together as they collapsed through the grate and Kylo, his breath loud and hot in her ear. “Look at me,” he implored, pushing up on his arms and turning her face towards him. “Look at me.” His voice was soft, barely a whisper and his lips curled up in a vague, drowsy smile of pleasure. Her lip trembled, her jaw quivering as she looked into his eyes. His expression was gentler, imploring, urging and when he reached down to stroke between her legs she sighed. His eyes fell closed again and he moaned, clenching his jaw as he began to move more intently. She ached but the touch of his hand made her breath stutter and she tingled all over, that same heady pulse of pleasure that swept slowly through her body. . It wasn't like peaches or raspberry liqueur, this was far too raw for that. She felt wanton, depraved, her beautiful dress bunched up around her waist and the carpet scratchy against her back. The wet slap of skin was obscene, shameful even but each stroke of his cock inside of her was like a caress, like scratching an itch she didn't know she had and the more that he did it, the more she seemed to want it. His finger was clumsy as it stroked over her but it was nice, skin shifting in an erratic pattern that made her pout with pleasure. Her grip was less frenzied now and as he leaned closer to bury his face in her hair, she let her arms wrap around him. Kylo hummed in delight, moaning lasciviously in her ear. She stroked her hands down his back in curiosity, feeling the muscles flex beneath her hands as they trailed down towards his ass. He groaned loudly and his eyes rolled back in his head, his hips snapping against hers erratically as her palms swept over his buttocks. His thrusts were deeper now, deep, hard strokes that stole her breath and made her eyes roll back in her heads and it ached, oh it ached but there was something........ Kylo reached up to her cheek and turned her face towards him, brushing her nose with his own and pecking her on the lips. He stared at her, his jaw clenched and his nostrils flaring as he snaked his arms around her and squeezed her tight. “Is it better now?” he asked her raggedly and she bit her lip. “Tell it me feels better,” he implored. “It's better,” she choked, her breath hitching as her insides clenched uncontrollably. “Yes, it gets better,” he moaned, like his mouth was full of caviar - strange and offensive to her but something rare and delicious to him. Maybe she would get used to it. She thought she could definitely get used to it. “It's nice,” she whispered, her lashes fluttering as let out a slow sigh. “I'm....muh....dzuh...” he rambled, thrusting into her uncontrollably with strokes so deep they knocked her breath out of her chest in feeble whimpering cries. Her head swam and she was dizzy with sensation, hiding her face in his neck. She held on tight as he gasped loudly in her ear and his whole body went stiff. “Fu-uck!” he stammered, his breath escaping him with a stuttering sigh. “Fuck,” he said again, softer this time. He was breathing heavily, the rock of his hips slower now and Rey furrowed her brow at the strange sensation between her legs. Hot. Warm. Wet. His breath was a quiet whistle in her ear, his nostrils flaring with ragged puffs as he flopped on top of her. She grunted, grimacing at his weight on her body and squirming. Kylo mumbled incoherently and slumped to one side, lying across her with his arm around her and one leg folded over her hips. She could feel his breath on her neck and a strange wetness at her centre as his cock slipped out of her. It ached, the cool air a sudden shock against her sensitive flesh. “Hmm,” Kylo uttered, pushing up onto his arm and brushing his nose over her cheek before he kissed her softly. It was a languid, tender thing and it soothed her, the caress of his fingers down her neck and along her shoulder the kind of touch that had missing from her life for too long. Rey lay on the carpet and stared at the ceiling as Kylo ran his hands down her body, the warm chuff of breath on her neck growing slower with each passing moment. He brushed his palm over each breast and across her stomach, his fingers circling in lazy strokes that were comforting somehow. He shifted and when he pulled her into his arms, she didn't protest. He curled around her from behind and wrapped her in his embrace, tucking her head under his chin. He held her tight as they lay coiled up in front of the fire and it was comforting, a pang of guilt gnawing in the pit of her stomach. The logs were burned low now and the embers cast them in a gentle glow, Kylo's broad body pressing close behind. She wasn't shivering now, his fingers tracing idle patterns across her skin as she pillowed her head on his arm. Kylo sighed and pressed a little kiss behind her ear, her lashes fluttering as her eyes fell on the sculpture on the table. It was half melted now, the elegant long necked swan turned instead to an amorphous blob of ice. Rey watched the trickle of water as it overflowed from the silver tray and ran down the side of the table onto the carpet. The dirge of a bow scratching against the strings echoed up from the floor below, the music ending with a dramatic flourish and the dining room erupted in a round of enthusiastic applause. Notes: This is fiction and Kylo Ren is a villain. Wonderful fannish arty things! http://contains-the-force.tumblr.com/post/150275344473/poor-queequeg-contains-the-force-rey-sketch http://isharan.tumblr.com/post/150232125686/the-girl-on-the-stairs-by-poor-queequeg-from http://om-nom-berries.tumblr.com/post/150188351387/this-is-a-bribe-drawing-for-poor-queequeg-to Chapter 16 Notes: Day 8: My struggle continues. I have attempted to reactivate the quantum mirror by adding caffeine with some success and believe that I may soon be able to generate enough power to get a message home. The people in this dimension dismiss my words, considering them the ramblings of a mad man. I must work in secret, for they insist that this version of Earth is in fact 'real life'. They restrict my efforts to return home to my own dimension at every turn, assigning me what they dubiously call 'real life responsibilities' - they say it is work, I say it is sabotage. They are attempting to distract me, although to what end I cannot say, but they will not make me forsake what I know to be true - that I am in fact stuck in some kind of hell dimension. I must maintain hope that I will make it home one day or I shall go truly insane, stuck in this so called 'real world' for the rest of my life. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) It wasn't particularly comfortable on the floor but the way he felt in that moment, Kylo wouldn't have cared if they stayed there all night. He was only vaguely aware of the noise in the hall below, the curtain across the door obscuring the light and the fire hushing in the grate. The carpet was rough and itchy but Rey was soft and warm and he didn't want to get up. She shifted slightly and Kylo cracked an eye open, peering at the glowing cinders. The logs and the coals were indistinguishable from one another now, round red orbs with ashy black peaks and a wave of near invisible flames dancing across the surface. There was something very compelling about a fire, he mused sleepily, content to stare into the embers and just hold her close. She whimpered, a quiet, plaintive sound that made him smile into her hair and tighten his arms around her. “Are you cold?” he croaked and she hummed, her brow furrowing slightly as she wriggled back against him. “Poor thing,” he murmured softly, pressing a kiss behind her ear. Rey let out a soft sigh and Kylo closed his eyes, savoring the sound and having her here right where he wanted her. He wondered if anyone had ever really held her like this, the old woman perhaps, but certainly never a lover. The thought made him both oddly sad and arrogantly satisfied. He was holding her now and she'd never be able to say that she hadn't been held by a lover again. Kylo inhaled deeply, she smelled like laundry soap and sex and the combination invoked something covetous inside of him. He would hold her for all the holding she'd missed. Kylo frowned, confused by the strange compulsions her presence brought out in him as he stared into the fire, the gentle rasp of Rey's breath loud in his ear. “It's late,” she observed in a quiet voice and Kylo hummed. “Not so late,” he assured her. He stroked his fingers along her arm and tangled them in hers, bringing her knuckles to his lip and pressing little kisses over the back of her hand. “I don't want to let you go just yet,” he confessed and she let out the slightest huff of breath. “I have to go home eventually,” Rey ventured and he made a little whining sound and hid his face in her shoulder. “No you don't,” he insisted, kissing her collarbone. “You can just stay here with me.” He kissed upwards along her neck towards her ear. “We can eat peaches everyday.” “Everyday?” she queried mildly. “I think we'd get bored of that very quickly.” “Hmm,” Kylo mused, rubbing the tip of his nose along her cheek. “Boring am I?” Rey frowned but her lips were twisted up in a confused smile. “No, the peaches,” she told him and he nodded gravely. “Well, we don't have to just eat peaches,” he replied. “We can have whatever we want. One of everything off the menu.” Rey snorted. “Oh,” Rey said, staring ahead at the hearth and absently rubbing her cheek against his bicep where it lay like a pillow beneath her. “That's a lot of food.” “Hmm mmm,” Kylo agreed, mouthing her jaw. “We'd get very fat,” Rey noted and Kylo smiled against her skin. “I think I would like you just as much if you were fat,” he said and she groaned, squirming in his arms as he chuckled. “What?” she exclaimed and Kylo pursed his lips thoughtfully. “You'd keep me nice and warm in the winter,” he told her. “I'd save a fortune on heating.” Rey snorted and twisted her head around to look him in the eye. “I think you can afford enough coal for your fire,” she said mockingly. “Hmm, I can,” he said, nuzzling her neck again. “I'm very rich.” Rey tutted and tried to shrug away from his lips but he was undeterred. “You should run away with me.” “Oh please,” she scoffed and he stuck his lower lip out in a mockery of hurt. “Why not?” he asked. Rey opened her mouth to speak but then she hesitated, her brow furrowing as she stared ahead at the fire. “And what would we do? Join the circus?” she said. Kylo grimaced. “Actually I can't stand the circus,” he commented. “I don't think I've ever been,” Rey said. “You don't think?” Kylo queried and she rolled her eyes. “Alright I've never been,” she admitted sulkily. Kylo leaned down and kissed her cheek. “Well it's horrible anyway,” he assured her, circling the shell of her ear with the tip of his nose. “What they do to those animals.” “Hmm,” Rey mumbled, closing her eyes. “No circus then.” “You could make my clothes,” he suggested after a quiet moment. “That would keep you busy enough that you wouldn't get bored.” “You have a big wardrobe do you?” she quipped. “Well we'd need things for you too,” he reminded her. “I wouldn't insist that you were naked, not all of the time anyway.” “Oh god,” Rey uttered, rolling her eyes. “You could make some of those gowns I saw,” Kylo suggested. “In your notebook.” Rey closed her eyes and flushed with embarrassment. “I can't believe you read my notebook,” she said, cringing and Kylo shook his head. “No, no,” he insisted, pushing up on his elbow and peering down at her with a earnest expression on his face. “They're really very good.” “They're not,” Rey demurred and Kylo frowned. “Why do you think so little of yourself?” he asked. “They're just doodles.” “They're beautiful,” he told her firmly. “Really, and this....” he reached down and smoothed the bodice of her dress up over her chest. “You have a talent. You should pursue it.” Rey held his eye for a moment, her expression growing somehow sad. “If only it were that simple,” she said. Kylo licked his lips and regarded her thoughtfully, reaching up a moment later to stroke her cheek. “It could be very simple,” he told her softly. “If you'd just let it be.” Rey dropped her gaze, staring at him for a moment before she turned her face away once more. “Could it?” Rey murmured, her voice wavering ever so slightly. Kylo took a deep breath and closed his eyes, leaning closer. “You know I'd be so good to you,” he said, his nose squished against her temple. “If you'd be good to me too.” Rey was quiet and when he leaned back he saw that her jaw was clenched. “I have to go home,” she growled, moving his arm onto his side and pushing upright. “That didn't come out how I meant,” he told her. He reached for her but she batted his hand away angrily and tugged her dress up over her bare chest. “Re-ey,” Kylo groaned despairingly, flopping onto his back and frowning at the ceiling. “I won't be your plaything, Kylo Ren,” she uttered bitterly. Kylo huffed, a sharp hissing breath through flaring nostrils as he pushed up onto his elbows. “Why must you make everything so sordid?” “I beg your pardon?” she snapped and he sighed. “You seem determined to convince yourself that's all I'm capable of.” Rey's pupils dilated, her eyes flashing with anger. God, she had a temper this one. “Don't talk to me about sordid, ” she hissed. “I'm not the one who.....here,” she gasped, her face screwing up. “On the floor!” “ Oh and you didn't want it all?” he leered, venom dripping from every word. “Why did you even come here tonight?” “You didn't give me any choice!” Rey gasped, her eyes glittering with moisture and as she pushed her hands against the floor as though to stand, Kylo's arms went around her. “Stop it!” she whined as he pulled her into his lap. “Back to this are we?” he growled. “Get your hands off me!” she hissed, shoving against him but his arms just went tighter around her. “I'll let you go when you give me a straight answer!” Kylo told her angrily. “When you stop trying to convince us both that you hate me.” “And what else am I supposed to do with you?” she cried. “Throw myself into your arms because I'm oh so grateful that you've come to save me from my wretched existence?” “Throw yourself into my arms because you want me!” he snapped, holding her by the shoulders and shaking her. Rey gasped, staring at him with her jaw hanging open. “Let yourself know what passion is, before you make yourself miserable in a marriage you don't even want! ” “Oh and you'd know all about that, I'm sure,” Rey sputtered, tears pricking her eyes. Kylo's expression became grave and she gulped, her eyes wide with apprehension. “You know you're very tiresome when you insist on commenting on matters you know nothing about,” he uttered darkly, his lip twitching and his jaw clenching. Rey said nothing, her brow furrowing with hurt as Kylo lifted her off his lap and dumped her unceremoniously on the floor. He avoided her eyes as he rose to his feet, buttoning his fly before stooping down to pick up his shirt. Rey was quiet as he pulled it over his head and stalked towards the table, pouring himself a measure of raspberry liqueur to wash away the unpleasant emotion that had sprung up at her words. He thunked the empty glass back down on the table and fiddled with his cuff, his thick fingers stumbling with the clasp on his cufflink. “Shit,” he hissed as the tiny gold button somersaulted out of his fingers and tumbled to the floor. “Here,” Rey said and he turned to find her on her feet now, standing a few short steps behind him with her hand extended. She looked abashed, awkward, and his heart sank. He licked his lips and fiddled with his cuff some more before letting out a dejected huff of breath. “Let me help,” Rey chirped softly, shuffling closer and deftly fastening it together. He observed her sulkily, his lashes fluttering as he got lost in her beautiful face. “Thank you,” he uttered quietly, his anger melting away like the ice sculpture on the table to leave a tepid pool of regret lingering in his stomach instead. Didn't she realize what she did to him? What he would do for her if only she'd ask? “It's nothing,” she breathed in reply, letting go of his wrist and turning away. Kylo watched her for a minute as she padded around the room, tucking his shirt into his pants and pulling on his vest. Rey was apparently invested in finding her shoes, daintily lifting her skirt and stepping into one as she glanced around in search of the other. “Here it is,” he said, rescuing it from under the table and holding it out towards her. Rey took it from him, sheepishly avoiding his eyes as she did so. “Can't you even bear to look at me now?” he asked quietly and Rey made a vague little noise as she put the shoe on. “Maybe you wish you'd never laid eyes me at all.” “Kylo,” she murmured, her shoulders sagging dejectedly. “I'm sick of you fighting me,” he breathed and she winced, turning her face away as her face screwed up. They stood like that for a long moment, until eventually he turned and picked up the tiny bell on the table. “I'll call Marek,” he said as he rang it. “Take you home.” “Alright,” Rey replied, so quietly he almost didn't hear her over the sound of the door opening. “Monsieur.” It was Mr. Popov again. “Have Marek bring the horse around,” Kylo commanded smoothly while Rey stepped towards the balcony door, studiously ignoring them both. “Oui, monsieur,” Mr. Popov said with a bow, apparently unaffected by the state of the room and the obvious tension in the air. When he was gone, Kylo began to shake out his jacket and tucked his bow tie into the pocket. Rey hovered in her same spot by the curtains, her fingers idling in the creases of fabric as Kylo lit a cigarette. “What time is it?” she asked over her shoulder. “Half past midnight,” Kylo told her, stuffing his pocket watch back into his vest and blowing a long stream of smoke towards the ceiling. “It's so late,” she commented but Kylo didn't reply, just stared at Rey's underwear where it lay screwed up in a bundle on the floor. Slowly, he stooped to pick it up, turning it over in his hands as he repressed a pang of guilt. He wanted it to be in a bed, he never meant to....on the dining room floor. He sighed and closed his eyes. “Do you want these?” he asked very quietly, coming to a halt by Rey's shoulder. When she glanced down, she flinched, a grimace spreading across her face and Kylo saw it for exactly what it was – regret. “Maybe we got a bit carried away,” he said softly. “Maybe,” Rey murmured, refusing to look at him. He shoved the offending item into his pocket, a misshapen lump that ruined the line of his suit. Hesitantly he reached up to catch her chin on the back of his finger, gently urging her eyes towards his own. “I want to tell you I'm sorry, Rey,” he began, the words catching in his throat. He brushed his fingers across her cheek bone and stroked his thumb over her lower lip. “But it wouldn't exactly be the truth.” “The truth,” she mouthed, picking at her fingernails anxiously and staring at his shoes. “You....” Kylo stammered, his hand coming to rest on her shoulder. He wanted to tell her she was beautiful, that she was special, but for some reason the words wouldn't come out. Kylo swallowed, his throat suddenly very dry. “Let's get you home,” he said eventually turning away from her and heading towards the door. Rey watched him for a minute as he pulled on his coat and gloves, buttoning the front as she cautiously approached the door. She didn't protest as he slipped her own coat over her shoulders, didn't push his hands away as they came to rest there. She met his eyes in the mirror, cinching the belt around her waist and fussing with her scarf. Her mouth fell open as he plucked it unexpectedly from her hands, turning her gently to face him. He could feel her eyes flitting across his face as he gently draped the scarf over her head and wrapped it around her neck, staring at her for a long moment as she stood. It was almost bridal, the way it veiled her face, except it was black and not white. He wondered if she'd wear a white veil on her wedding day, jealousy flaring up inside of him. He swallowed it down and looked at her, old eyes in a young face. “How old are you, Rey?” he asked breathlessly, attempting to project a calmness he did not really feel. Her throat bobbed and her lip twitched. “Seventeen,” she replied after a moment's pause. His heart clenched. “Oh god,” he uttered, the words escaping his lips in a stuttering sigh of breath. Marek was waiting for them by the time they approached the front door, Snezhinka's feet shifting on the ice and her breath misting in great clouds that melted through the cold night air. “Hello miss,” he said pleasantly as they approached. “Hello,” she replied, glancing toward him anxiously before pulling herself up into the back of the sled. Kylo hovered close behind her, stretching his arm out to catch her should she slip and trying to catch her hand. Marek stared at him for a moment with narrowed eyes but Kylo said nothing, just turned his attention back to Rey before sliding in beside her. “Presnya then?” Marek asked as he climbed into the driver's seat. “Yes,” Kylo said without looking up, busying himself with the blanket instead to avoid what he might see in Marek's eyes. Marek let out a long breath and it was impossible to miss the disapproval in the sound. Kylo ignored it and leaned his elbow on the side of the sled, rubbing one gloved finger under his nose as they began to move away towards the square ahead. The city was eerily quiet, blanketed in white that lit up the streets in with a strange blue half light. It was silent apart from the gentle tinkle of sleighbells and the hush of the runners over the ice bound road. Kylo turned to look at Rey seated silently beside him, her hands clasped demurely in her lap beneath the blanket. She looked so perfect in that moment, so pristine and angelic it was hard for him to reconcile her with the lust addled creature that had been in his arms an hour before. God forgive him. Kylo clenched his jaw. God. He didn't need God's forgiveness when God had turned his back on him. It took him a moment to summon the courage but eventually he slid his own hand towards her and clasped her fingers gently. Rey's eyes fell closed, her chin dipping downward until he reached over with his free hand to cup her jaw. Her lashes fluttered and she tried to twist her head away but he was undeterred, forcing her to look at him with a firm palm against her skin. Her eyes darted towards Marek where he sat in the front but the driver had his eyes fixed firmly on the road. Steady old Marek. She let out the tiniest gasp of breath as Kylo leaned closer and pressed his lips to hers, resisting for just a moment until the coolness of her frost chapped lips gave way to the warm interior of her mouth. It was a kiss not unlike the one they'd shared before. Rey was stiff, pushing him away at the same time that she was sliding her tongue into his mouth and when she pulled back her expression was anguished, conflicted. Kylo wanted to tell her it was alright, that she hadn't done anything wrong. He just wanted to be good to her. “Marek!” Rey called and Kylo frowned as she leaned forward towards the driver. Damned Marek, wasn't it just typical that Rey seemed to like him better than Kylo himself, as though it were Marek that helped her stupid fiance, as though it were Marek that saw all the potential inside of her. He licked his lips and kept his eyes fixed on her profile, the flush of her cheeks just visible in the moonlight. She didn't kiss Marek. She didn't go to bed with Marek. “Marek, please. Can you stop here?” Marek glanced over his shoulder briefly before urging Snezhinka to a halt with a tug on the reins. “What are you doing?” Kylo asked, glancing around in confusion. Rey swallowed. “The bells....” she explained nervously. “I don't want anyone to hear.” Kylo considered this for a moment, nodding in understanding but Rey was already on her feet. She hopped down into the street, glancing up at him for a moment as she brushed her hands down the front of her coat. “Well goodnight then,” Rey said quietly, taking a step backward before turning on her heel. “Rey!” Kylo called, jumping down after her. “Miss?” Marek said, doing likewise. “Goodnight Marek,” Rey uttered, hovering beside Snezhinka for a moment and glancing towards him. It was a brief, fleeting kind of a glance before she paced ahead and Marek took a step after her but Kylo was already there, stomping across the snow in pursuit. “Stay here!” he growled, glaring at him and making a gesture with his hand before disappearing around the corner after Rey. “Rey!” he called, a hissing kind of whisper as they made their way down the silent street. “Rey!” he called again, jogging to catch up with her. “It's fine,” she stammered as he fell into step with her. “Let me walk you,” he urged and Rey shook her head, dropping her eyes to the snowy path before her and carrying on. “Rey!” Kylo implored, catching her shoulder beneath his palm. She faltered, peeking up at him through her lashes. “Rey,” he sighed, his voice softer this time and his hand coming up cup her cheek. “I'll walk you. Please.” She looked at him for a moment, doleful brown eyes peering at him in the half light. “Alright,” she murmured, turning away and taking another step. It wasn't far, just a minute's walk along the street and a few short steps around another corner until the workshop came into view. The chimneys were still now, just a few vague wisps of smoke from the furnace as it burned low through the night. They didn't speak although truth be told Kylo didn't really know what to say, didn't know how to explain to her what he was feeling, to explain what he really meant. He hovered behind her as she dug into her pocket for the key, glancing up and down at the empty street as she very cautiously slipped it into the lock. It clunked from inside the door, unnaturally loud in the silence and Rey took a slight step back as she slid the key out of the lock. She clasped it tightly in her first and without raising her eyes, turned a little way towards him. “Goodbye then,” she whispered. Kylo regarded her intently, his fists clenching and unclenching by his sides as he considered what to say. Rey's tongue darted out to swipe across her lower lip, her teeth mimicking the action a second later she began to turn away again. “Rey,” he breathed, taking a step towards her and catching her hand before it closed around the door handle. “Kuh...” she uttered as he spun her gently around and wrapped his arms around her. “Oh beautiful Rey,” he whispered, stroking down the side of her face. “Darling Rey.” She whimpered a little as he kissed her, her gloved hands in his hair and her eyes falling closed but this time when she kissed him, it felt somehow like a goodbye and he didn't like it. Her palms closed over his cheeks as she pulled back, but he held her against him with one hand across the back of her head. “I don't want to let you go.” “I shouldn't have come tonight,” she told him, her expression pained and her voice a quiet sigh of breath. “I'm glad you did,” Kylo confessed. He kissed her again but this time when she pushed him away he didn't insist. “Please,” she stammered. “Please Kylo.” She stepped back and out of his embrace. “It's very late,” she explained nervously and he nodded. “Yes,” was his only reply, his eyes fixed on her beautiful mouth. “Goodnight,” she uttered, turning away and opening the door. Kylo lingered as she shut it behind her, watched through the glass as she locked it from the inside and stooped to bolt the door. When she stood up she looked right at him, hesitating for a moment to regard him with sad eyes before she stepped back into the shadows and was gone from sight. He waited, unwilling or unable to move away just yet. He stared into the dark space where she had been and imagined her disappearing into the workroom. He let his mind wander to the image of her there, undressing in stealth and sneaking into bed with the trace of him still lingering inside of her. Kylo held his breath and clenched his fist, his eyes falling closed as the memory of her flooded his mind. Eventually he turned away and made his way back down the street. He glanced up at old Maz' window but the lights were dark tonight. It was probably better that way, for Rey's sake but he couldn't pretend like he didn't want everyone to know, that he wasn't thrilled to be her first. He wanted her and though she pretended otherwise he knew she wanted him too. He wasn't going to give up so easily. Lost in thought he stumbled slightly, his foot catching on a stone obscured beneath the ice and when he came back to himself he found himself at the corner, Marek hovering beside the horse just beyond. He was standing like a stone, a fierce scowl on his face and his fists clenched by his side. Kylo met his gaze, his own expression hardening somewhat as he brought himself to his full height and stared right back. “What?” he muttered haughtily but Marek didn't reply. Kylo huffed, his nostrils flaring as he casually tossed his head to one side and walked towards the back seat. Marek's eyes narrowed and as he neared, Kylo yelped in surprise as one of those clenched fists smacked right into the middle of his face. “Christ!” he hissed, staggering back and catching himself on the wall with one hand. His other hand went up to his face, pain shooting lancing through his head and making him dizzy. “What the hell, Marek?!” he gasped, inhaling sharply and glancing accusingly at the driver. Marek's chest was heaving, his jaw clenched and he glared at Kylo for a moment before turning silently back towards the sleigh. Kylo swayed on his feet, dazed by the force of the blow and when he dabbed at his nose, there was a little smudge of rusty brown against the black leather of his glove. Marek didn't look back, just adjusted Snezhinka's reigns in his hands as Kylo stumbled towards the carriage. His foot was barely inside when Marek snapped the leather over Snezhinka's back and the sleigh lurched forward, knocking him sideways into the seat. Kylo frowned and pulled himself upright, glowering at the back of Marek's head but he didn't look back. Kylo pulled the rug up over his knees and gripped it in clenched fists as the sleigh moved on, the jingling of the sleigh bells making his head pound torturously all the way home. Notes: MAREK FOR PRESIDENT! Chapter 17 Notes: Elwyngirlie really is the best. In case you didn't already realise it, I'm a massive fan of her fics, all of them, and really recommend you look her up right here on AO3 and get a-reading. We're so lucky tho in this fandom, there is soooo much fic constantly updating there are some days I think, fuck it, and I don't write I just read read read. So much glorious reylo and so many great writers. I love it. So this took a long time because a)busy argh shit damn it and b) it's one of those boring kind of chapters that I really didn't want to write because by this point I just want them to bang non stop but ARGH integrity of story and all that wank. Should be this one and then one more and then we'll be into a bangfest going on a good few chapters and I can't wait. Thanks for all the love guys, I really really appreciate it! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) It was dark in the fitting room, the only light from a feeble moon that glimpsed out occasionally through a foggy Moscow sky. Rey peeked through the cracks in the modesty screen, watching as Kylo hovered in the doorway outside. She couldn't see his eyes, which was just as well because she wasn't sure she had it in her to hold out against that doleful, puppy face much longer. She didn't want to be that girl, a simpering, foolish girl but it was so easy to let herself get lost in the fantasy, to believe every word that tumbled out from between those deceitful lips. She closed her eyes and took shallow silent breaths, waiting for she knew not what exactly but when she opened them she was both relieved and disappointed that he was no longer there. Her shoulders sagged and she let out a ragged breath, not entirely sure what she was feeling and when she turned, she startled a little at the movement of her reflection in the mirror. Was that really her? She barely recognized herself. She stared, stepping slowly closer to look at the woman in the glass. The light was dim but she could see her face well enough, leaning towards the mirror and peering into her own eyes. Did she look different? Maybe she did. She felt different, she felt....him, her skin aching in all the places his hands had been. Her lips felt chapped from kissing and looked puffy as she dragged her fingertips slowly over them. Down her neck they travelled, lingering on the bruise on her collarbone and when she pressed against it, it twinged painfully. Rey closed her eyes, her mind drifting back to the scene on the couch and when she flushed hotly she couldn't have told you if it was from shame or pleasure at the memory. She shook her head, slipping off her shoes and stooping to grab them off the floor. Hurriedly she stowed them away before peeling her dress down her arms until she was standing shivering on the workroom floor in just her underwear. Rey gripped the dress in her hands, staring at the torn seam on the shoulder as she draped it back across the mannequin in the corner and covering it with a long piece of lace trim to disguise the tear. God if it didn't reek of cigarettes as well she cursed, scurrying to the back wall and cracking open the window just a little. It was freezing and utterly silent but for the distant hum of the furnace under ground. Every movement was unnaturally loud to her ears, the rustle of her skirt as she redressed and the creak of the hinges on the door. It was a bizarre charade, dressing again only to undress again moments later, but she dare not try to explain why she might be climbing the stairs in only her smallclothes. Up she went, boots gripped in one hand while she held her skirt out of the way with the other, bracing herself for the questions that might wait for her at the top. Where have you been? Why are you so late? What have you done? As she reached the door she hesitated, her mind racing as she considered what she might say but when she finally pushed it open, she was greeted only by darkness. The room was quiet but for the vague sound of snoring from the bedroom and the odd, distant creaking of the roof. As quickly and as quietly as she could, Rey stripped down again, goose flesh erupting all over her body in the frigid air. She gathered her clothes over her arm and clenched her jaw to keep her teeth from chattering in the cold as she hopped barefoot across the floor. Maz was snoring as she entered, apparently oblivious while Rey pulled her nightdress over her head and crept towards her bed. As she moved closer, she could just make out the blue glint of a medicine bottle on the side. Laudanum. Rey blinked and let out a quiet breath of relief. Maz wouldn't wake for hours and Rey relaxed a little, hunkering down onto her pallet and pulling the covers up to her chin. She lay in the darkness and listened to the old woman breathe, Maz' voice rattling around in the back of her mind as she thought of the all the things she'd ever said about men, about.... sex. God, she couldn't even quite bring herself to think the word, what was she doing having it? After a moment Maz smacked her lips and Rey froze, wide eyes darting from side to side in the darkness as the old woman let out a loud sigh. “ Ilya,” Maz said clear as day before she mumbled incoherently and rolled over. Rey blinked, staring up at the rafters as her mind raced. Ilya. A husband. Rey gulped. Sex. She had.... sex . And not with her husband. She closed her eyes, something inside of her clenching as she thought of Kylo Ren. Even now it was like she could still feel him, her nostrils filled with the scent of his cologne and taste of him still sharp on the back of her tongue. She wasn't like that. She wasn't one of those girls, was she? Rey took a deep breath and held it, willing away the strange sensations that sprung up in her at the thought of him. Shameful sensations, compulsive sensations, things she had no right to be feeling for a man that was not and never would be her husband. Her lashes fluttered and she squeezed her legs together, the memory of him lingering in the stickiness between her thighs. Oh she was wicked, surely she was because as much of a swine as he might be, she couldn't deny that she wanted him, couldn't pretend that as much shame as she was feeling in that moment that there wasn't something else beneath it all. Like waves, up and down her emotions rolled, soaring peaks of elation and pride and deep troughs of shame and despair all crashing together like the swell of a distant ocean until she felt seasick from it. She rolled over in her bed and pressed her face into the pillow. “ Rey? Rey child!” She inhaled sharply and bolted upright, startled from her thoughts by Maz' gentle shaking. “ Maz!” Rey cried, in surprise to find the old woman peering down at her with concern. “ Time to get up, child,” Maz said softly, blinking at her slowly. “We'll be late for church.” Rey stared at her, mouth agape for a long moment. “ Oh right,” Rey said eventually, sure she'd only just closed her eyes. Church. Of course. “ You were late home,” Maz said as Rey flitted around the sitting room pinning her hair. “It must have been after eleven by the time I fell asleep.” “ Can't have been much after that,” Rey blustered, hands at the bun on the back of her head. “I must have lost track of time.” “ It can be like that sometimes,” Maz observed, adding a small amount of coal to the fire and closing the grate. “When you're in love.” “ Yeah,” Rey breathed, turning to the window to disguise the quivering of her jaw. Love. If only it was a matter of love. “ You've always been a sensible girl,” Maz said softly, stepping closer and looking her in the eye. Rey's lashes fluttered and she slowly lowered her arms. “You are taking care now. Aren't you?” “ I don't know what you mean,” Rey mumbled, shrugging a little and averting her eyes. Maz sighed. “ It won't be long,” she said, taking Rey's hands in her own. “And you'll be married and...” Rey flushed hard, her eyes darting from side to side as the old woman spoke. “ Maz,” she uttered abashed. “ It's better to wait for these things,” Maz told her softly. “You're still very young and...” “ Finn's not like that!” she stammered, chancing a glance at the old woman's face. “He's....we....it's not like that.” Maz smiled gently. “ You're a good girl,” she said and Rey smiled a pained, wincing sort of a smile, uncertain if she could entirely agree. “ Good night then?” Jessika asked as the ambled along the street, Stephan Andreyivich holding Maz' arm and whispering sweet nothings in the old woman's ear as they went. “ What?!” Rey asked, wide eyed. Jess frowned. “ Last night,” she said, in a tone that suggested she thought Rey was the oddest person she's ever laid eyes on. “With Finn.” Rey swallowed. “ It was alright,” she replied, staring ahead at the back of Maz' head. “ Hmm,” Jess commented idly. “We wondered if we might see you.” “ We?” Rey queried and Jess shrugged. “ Me and Poe,” she said casually, almost proud of herself. Rey narrowed her eyes. “We were at that place, you know the one, up Tverskoy Boulevard.” “ Right,” Rey said as they walked. “ Thought you might have joined us for a bit but I guess....” Jess smiled mischievously. “Well I guess you wanted to be by yourselves.” Rey scowled. “ What?” she said, her lip curling a little as she gave Jess a sideways glance. Jess chuckled. “ It's alright Rey,” she teased. “It's the twentieth century. No-one expects you to wait until your wedding night.” Rey stumbled a little and twisted her hands into the sides of her coat. “ And what would you know about that?” Rey rasped and Jess pouted, apparently indifferent. “ A thing or two,” she said with confidence that was utterly false. “ Jess!” Rey chided. “You haven't?” Jess didn't answer straight away and Rey leaned a little closer, inspecting her friend's face as though it might contain the answers she sought. “ Well no, I haven't,” she admitted after a moment. “But if I wanted to I would and I wouldn't care what anyone said. Shame is a tool of the patriarchy.” “ The what?” Rey asked, her nose wrinkling in confusion. “ The patriarchy, Rey,” Jess said blithely, looking at Rey as if she was stupid. Rey shook her head. “The nuclear family is a capitalist construction.” “ You've been spending too much time with Poe Dameron,” Rey complained, stuffing her hands in her pockets as they turned a corner and the church came into view. “ I don't know if I'm going to keep coming,” Jess added as they drew nearer. “ What?” “ To church,” Jess replied. Rey jerked her head back in confusion. “ Why ever not?” “ I just....” Jess faltered at the foot of the steps and let out a breath of displeasure. Rey's brow furrowed and she hesitated, turning back and peering down at Jess. “I'm just not sure I believe in it any more. I mean, if God's so great why do so many bad things happen? Like babies dying and going to hell.” “ Jess! What's gotten into you?” Rey cried in horror. Jess dropped her eyes to the ground, her expression sullen like a chastised child. “ I was just thinking about it that's all,” she said defensively but then she hooked her hand in Rey's arm and led her up the church steps. It was warm in the church but that just made it worse. Rey's eye's felt like they were on stalks and the warmth of the bodies pressed around her made her head nod, the low dirge of chanting and the smell of incense almost hypnotic. “ Brothers and sisters,” the deacon began, his voice booming around the cavernous dome of the church. She snapped her head up, taking a sharp breath and cracking her neck as she pretended not to notice Jess' eyes on her. She stared at the deacon's shoes where they peeked out from beneath his cassock, a fine robe stitched with gold and yet more gold clasped in his hand. He waved the cross around in the air as he preached, an obscure parable about vine dressers that she was certain Finn would tell her was counter-revolutionary. “The fruit of the spirit is love, joy, peace,” he intoned and Rey was sure she would agree with that if she weren't so sleepy. The other clergy stood in rows around him, caps on their heads and their vestments pressed stiff with starch. “Long suffering!” the deacon continued and Rey wondered if it wasn't the starch that kept them upright during interminable sermons. The deacon continued. “Kindness, goodness, faithfulness, self control.” Rey found herself staring at the virgin mother painted in gold on the wall behind, her eyes mournful like she was terribly disappointed. She glanced at Jess whose expression was utterly bored and when she noticed Rey looking at her, she rolled her eyes in distaste. When Maz stayed late after the service, she hovered in the nave torn between falling to her feet and confessing her sins and running straight out of the door. Maz shuffled off into a quiet corner with the deacon himself, their low murmurs indecipherable and Rey hovered in front of the sanctuary, staring through the gates as the altar beyond and wondering if God cared more for all that gold than for the souls of Jess' dead babies. “ Are you troubled, child?” a voice asked softly and she turned to find herself staring into the passive face of the priest. He was less ostentatiously garbed than the deacon and the other clergy members, his expression neither unkind nor friendly. There was something about his demeanour that was tranquil, his eyes wide and blue. “ I...” she stammered, dropping her gaze back on the painted icons before her. “I don't know,” she lied, glancing sideways at the priest who was watching her with a vaguely expectant air. After all, wasn't this why people lingered after the service? She stared at the cross hanging around his neck, sure she should just confess what she had done but when she opened her mouth to speak, no words came out. The priest blinked, a languid flutter of his lashes over his eyes and his chest rising and falling with a slow, sighing breath. “I was thinking about my husband,” she confessed eventually. “ Yes,” the priest uttered quietly, gently prodding her to continue. “ He's not my husband yet,” Rey clarified and he nodded slowly. “ Patience, child, is a virtue is it not?” he queried mildly and she scowled a little, sure she wasn't utterly sick of being called child. She wasn't a child. Not anymore. “ I suppose,” she murmured. “ The flesh is not weak, child, it is strong. Only the sacrament of marriage can contain it.” She stared at his wide blue eyes, not entirely convinced. “ If that's true then why do people....” she uttered, the words catching in her throat. She took a deep breath and let it out slowly. “Why do men....?” The priest's brow furrowed and Rey wished she hadn't said anything at all. “ What did our lord say to the woman taken in adultery?” he asked eventually and Rey swallowed, her mouth suddenly very dry. She should have gone outside to smoke with Jessika and Stephan. “ I don't know, father,” she rasped and the priest pursed his lips. “ He said, go and sin no more.” Rey blinked and nodded, aware of Maz' approaching from behind. “ Yes father,” she mumbled, her heart pounding sickeningly in her chest as she scurried away. Maz squeezed her hand over Rey's forearm as the made their way down the snowy steps. “ Are you quite well, child?” she asked gently and Rey pushed away the flicker of irritation that sprang up in her. “ I'm fine,” she said with mock indifference, her eyes narrowing as she caught sight of a familiar figure loitering by the gate. “ Finn!” Maz cried as they approached. “ Hello Maz,” he replied with a smile, stepping forward to embrace the old woman in a hug. “ Oh, I'm glad to see you,” Maz told him, kissing his cheeks before squeezing them in her fingers like old women were wont to do. “Look at you!” “ Hello Rey,” he said, turning towards her and reaching for her hand. Rey let him take it, forcing a smile and turning her cheek so that he could plant a kiss on it while Jess, Maz and old Stephan looked on. “ What are you doing here?” she asked, attempting to disguise her anxiety with a cough. “ I missed you, that's all,” he told her with a wide, toothy grin. “ Oh aye,” Jess crooned knowingly from behind and Rey's head snapped round as she fixed her friend with a stern look. “ Don't we always spend Sunday afternoon together?” he asked cheerfully and Rey huffed, forcing a smile and when his fingers curled into hers she didn't pull away. “ Won't you have some Sunday dinner with us Finn?” Maz croaked and Rey's stomach flip flopped. “ Sure,” Finn was saying as she interrupted. “ Oh sorry Maz, but we've got plans,” she blustered. “Haven't we?” she added, looking Finn in the eye. “ Erm, have we?” he murmured. “ Hmm mmm,” Rey chirped, tugging on his arm. “ I think that means she wants you all to herself, young man,” Stephan interjected playfully. Finn blushed, his Adam's Apple bobbing in his throat. “ Oh,” he breathed. Rey cleared her throat. “ Oh,” Maz added thoughtfully, looking Rey in the eye. “Well, you'll be careful now won't you,” she added pointedly and Rey flushed hard. “ Don't worry, Maz,” Finn said sweetly, reaching forward to press a kiss on her cheek. “I always take care of her.” “ Hmm,” Maz said as Finn turned to embrace Jessika and shook hands with Stephan. “ Right, we'll see you later then,” Rey said brusquely, tugging on Finn's hand and pulling him across the street. “ Bye Jess, bye Maz,” he called as she dragged him away. “Goodbye Mr Ivanov!” “ What are you doing here?” Rey complained as they reached the other side of the road. “ What do you mean, what am I doing here?” Finn asked in confusion. “ Didn't I say I'd come to you?” she hissed. “ Well....I missed you that's all,” he explained, his brow furrowing with hurt. Rey pulled him around a corner, her eyes flitting up and down his bruised face. It was less puffy that it had been, by he still looked like he'd done ten rounds in the ring with an angry bear. “Are you embarrassed to be seen with me? Is that it?” he asked. “ Oh no, Finn,” Rey sighed regretfully. “No, not at all.” “ Is everything alright Rey?” he asked, dipping his head a little closer. She bit her lip and held his gaze. “ Everything's fine,” she lied. It was cold but still, and so they took the streetcar into the center of the city and ambled past the grand palace towards the river. The square was filled with other Sunday walkers, taking advantage of a windless day to get out and about and though Finn was covered up with a scarf, she couldn't help but notice the odd glance cast in their direction at the puffy eye that peeked out beneath the brim of his hat. “ I haven't got much money,” he confessed. “But maybe enough for a hot drink, if we find one of those tea stalls hidden up the Manezhka?” “ Maybe,” Rey murmured, staring up at the colorful onion domes of the cathedral. “ Do you know how much they're spending on refurbishing that?” Finn asked, the distaste evident in his tone. “ Oh come on,” Rey commented, dropping her gaze to the ground as their hands swung in the space between them. “It's special. It's....Moscow,” she added with a little shrug of pride. “ It's a waste,” he groused. “Think of all the things that need improving. Schools. The railway. God, you know half the city doesn't even have proper roads and they're spending all that fixing up a church with no congregation!” “ I guess,” Rey murmured absently as they came out onto the riverside, neither agreeing nor disagreeing with Finn's righteous indignation. “ Are you okay Rey?” he asked a moment later. “You seem.....I don't know, you look...different.” Finn regarded her curiously and she felt her mouth go dry. “ I'm fine,” Rey said defensively, the bruise on her shoulder itching beneath her coat. “ Okay,” Finn agreed, looking her up and down. “ What?” she asked and he shrugged. “ It's nothing,” he assured her with another smile. Rey blinked, her eyes darting from side to side as they walked on. “It's good to be outside,” Finn commented. “For a while there, I thought I might not get to do this for a very long time.” “ Yeah,” she murmured, trying to not think about what she'd done to make sure that he could. They fell quiet for a few minutes as they walked, their hands clasped together and their shoulders bumping occasionally as they went. “ Actually I've been thinking,” Finn said eventually as they meandered bank in the general direction of Presnensky and home. “ Oh yeah,” Rey chirped, glancing up at him before casting her eye up the river at the city skyline on the far bank. “ I was thinking, maybe we should get out of Moscow after all,” he said. Rey frowned a little. “ Out of Moscow?” she asked quietly and he nodded. “ Maybe get out East,” Finn suggested. “Somewhere less crowded. Somewhere we can...start over.” Rey faltered and stared at his chest as his words sank in. “ How far East?” she asked quietly. Finn smiled and shrugged. “ Oh I don't know, it's just an idea really,” he told her. “I've got a few months left of school yet so it's not like anything's set in stone.” “ And what does Poe have to say about this?” she asked. Finn hitched a shoulder. “ I haven't really talked to him about it,” he admitted. “I mean, it's more about you and me isn't it? Where we'll live, what we'll do.” “ Huh,” she murmured. Finn chewed his lip. “ Well there's no rush,” said, squeezing her hand and walking on. “It's all just a maybe.” When Rey didn't reply he took a deep breath and changed the subject. “So I hear Jess has been hanging around quite a bit,” he teased. “You don't think she's got a thing for Poe do you?” Rey looked at him to find a shit eating grin splitting his face. She let out a huff of laughter. “ I'm sure she's just....dedicated to the ideals of the revolution,” Rey told him and he cackled. “ Oh well that's good to hear,” he wheezed and Rey smiled wider. “ Does Poe even realize she's a girl?” she said and Finn shook his head mildly. “ Poor Jess,” he quipped, his grin fading a little but not entirely. “ Poor Poe, you mean,” she retorted and he chuckled again. “ Oh I missed you,” he told her, leaning in to press a kiss to her temple. “ Missed you too,” she mumbled, peeking up through her lashes to find him looking right at her. “ You know you're my best friend, right?” he asked. “I don't want to go anywhere without you.” “ Oh Finn,” she sighed, not entirely sure what she was feeling in that instant. Wasn't that what she wanted? “ Come here,” Finn urged, pulling her in for a hug and squeezing her tight. Rey rested her head on his shoulder and let him rock her from side to side, his cheek pressed against the top of her head. She stared up at a nearby tree, it's branches bare in the gray winter light and the river babbling under the wall below. When Finn pulled back, he held her face in his hands and she rested her palms against his chest. “You're so sweet Rey,” he told her. “So pretty.” “ You think so?” she asked, forcing a smile. His grin grew wider and he nodded, leaning forward to kiss her forehead. “ Finn,” she murmured, closing her eyes. “ Hmm,” he uttered. She stared at his mouth and wondered if he'd ever kiss her, really kiss her like Kylo Ren had, wondered if she'd enjoy it. Surely he could tell? Why did he hesitate? She was going to be his wife. “ Don't you want to kiss me?” she asked, her voice a whisper. Finn gulped and let out a slow breath. “ Of course I do,” he told her softly. Emboldened by his declaration, Rey reached up and pressed her lips to his. They were cool, chapped by the winter air but they were soft and his arms were gentle around her. She pressed closer, sucking his lower lip into her mouth like someone else had done and letting her tongue flick against it. “Rey,” Finn murmured, pulling back and dropping his gaze bashfully. “ Don't you like it?” she squeaked and he let out a shuddering breath. “ I just....we....we don't have to rush into all that, Rey,” he said awkwardly. Her face fell and she took a little step back. “ You're embarrassed,” she commented. “ I'm not!” Finn protested. “ You don't want to,” she murmured. “ I do,” Finn said but Rey couldn't have said that she really believed it. She shivered. “You're cold,” he noted, changing the subject. “Let's go get some tea.” “ Alright,” she assented, letting him catch her hand and lead her back towards the town. Stephan and Maz were playing Durak when she got home. It was only a little after four in the afternoon and the stewpot was still bubbling away on the stove. She let them cajole her into a few games, grateful for the distraction until Stephan shuffled off to check on the furnace and no doubt a nip of vodka before they ate the stew. “ Monday soon,” Maz commented while they waited for Stephan to come back. “ Back to work,” Rey said idly. “ Is everything alright Rey?” Maz asked gently, setting some sewing down on her knee. “ It's fine,” she replied, staring at the onions as they swirled around in the pot. Except it wasn't, not really. She'd spent all day trying not think about it. Kylo had finished in side of her and she might not be experienced but even Rey knew what that meant. That night she envied Maz her deep slumber, staring up at the rafters and listening to her snores. She was dog tired, bone weary and the hot soup in her belly should have made her sleepy but in the silence of the attic her mind raced and she couldn't drop off. Would Finn still marry her if she was pregnant? Would Kylo even care? She was a fool to believe anything that came out of his mouth, no matter how tempting it was to believe him. She was a fool and now she was a harlot too, the kind of girl who couldn't stop thinking about a man with a lying mouth that tasted like heaven and a wife in St. Petersburg. And Finn, Finn who she'd do anything for, Finn who told her she was pretty but didn't want to kiss her. She stared at the ceiling and listened to Maz' soft snores, wishing for sleep that wouldn't come. It didn't hurt, she tried to tell herself, pushing the bedclothes back and slipping silently into the other room. She wasn't sure she really wanted to kiss him now anyway, not when he seemed to find the whole idea so utterly repellent. But didn't he think she was beautiful? And wasn't this all his idea? The two of them against the world and wouldn't it all be better once they were married? He was her best and oldest friend, her whole future and they loved each other didn't they? And wasn't love meant to be long suffering? Faithful? She plucked a glass off the shelf and passed it between her palms as she approached the samovar, her bare legs reflecting in the polished brass. Finn and Poe would tell her she was pretty and she always felt like she was in the way. But Kylo, he told her she was beautiful and she felt like the most gorgeous thing in God's creation, like the center of the universe and oh, how she wanted to believe all the things he had whispered in her ear. She lifted the teapot off the top of the water boiler and poured a little cold tea into her glass. Girls like her didn't get the privilege of passion, passion was like everything in this world – free to those that could afford it, very expensive to those who could not. She wouldn't be his plaything, no matter how good it might feel. She took the glass of tea and crossed the room to set it down on the mantel beside Maz' chair. She just wanted to sleep, that's all. One night of uninterrupted sleep like Maz, deep sleep and lazy dreams and not thinking about tomorrow nor yesterday neither. She glanced over her shoulder at the doorway to the bedroom, Maz' gentle snoring drifting from behind the curtain. She lifted the dropper on the medicine bottle and leaned very close, watching as a single drop of laudanum rolled down and fell into her tea. Too much wasn't good for you, Rey mused, watching as the first drop rippled across the surface of the tea, and again as second drop followed. The tea was bitter without jam and worse for the medicine but she drank it down anyway, in one like a shot of vodka. She'd paid for this medicine and she'd damn well take it if she liked. She stared through the window above the writing desk, across the dim chimneys and the odd light flickering weakly in distant roofs. She was so tired. Rey set the empty tea glass down on the counter and slipped back into bed, her eye lids growing heavy and her anxiety waning. She smiled slightly, understanding suddenly how Maz could be so chipper in spite of everything. Rey felt loose, light like she'd drunk a glass of champagne and was dancing around the floor instead of lying on her bed. She didn't need to feel guilty here, her thoughts were her own, a fantasy world like in the novels she read. Finn was going to be her husband and he didn't want to kiss her, but Kylo did. Kylo, who knew things about her and touched her in places that nobody else did. And he wanted her, oh god, how she wanted him to want her. And it was wicked and sinful except in that anodyne moment where nothing felt wrong and everything felt right. She was growing sleepy, her finger a pale imitation of his lips but she couldn't resist the temptation. She rubbed her thighs together and chewed her lip, her hand travelling south to cup between her legs. She opened her eyes and she was back in that room, the carpet scratchy beneath her back and Kylo between her thighs. She could feel the tickle of his breath against her cheek, hear the rasp of his breath and the heavy press of him inside her. She clenched, something inside of her wanting, craving and she held her breath, her fingers circling with maddening touches like his tongue had done. She wasn't sure she had liked it all that much at the time, but the memory of it was compulsive and it made her ache, made her throb so much that she could feel her pulse fluttering in that place. He'd called it her wicked spot and maybe it was. She was wet and when she thought of the slow slide of his seed from between her legs, she twitched like a bug coiling in on itself. The shape of him, the broadness of his chest, those thick arms wrapped around her and his voice in her ear. “ You don't want me to stop,” he told her, his expression smug and she felt ashamed at how she ached with want for him. Her...cunt, oh god, wasn't that what Jessika said men called it? It seemed so sordid to think of it that way but didn't that just make her want it more. She slipped one finger inside of herself, the vague slick of her sex bringing forth memories of the obscene slap of skin against skin and the flex of his muscles beneath her palm. She rolled over and hid her face in her pillow, grinding against her palm. It wasn't her fiance's face that she saw behind her closed eyes, it wasn't his lips whispering into her ear and it wasn't to keep from crying his name when she bit into her pillow. Her body hummed, throbbing, glowing like the embers in the fire and she was burnt out by it, drifting into slumber with his name on her lips. Kylo. Notes: This is what the marvellous Elwyngirlie calls 'a smut save point.' Chapter 18 Notes: Argh, I am so frustrated with this 'plot development' nonsense and am as hungry as you are for the banging. Soon my pretties! Soon they shall bang until they can't walk straight. But for now, please accept this chapter and enjoy this measly bowl of romantic gruel that I offer. Soon it shall be Smutmas, and we shall feast! Just out of interest, a muzhik is a peasant and a hundred kopeks makes a ruble. In those days, the average factory worker earned about 40 rubles a month and it just wasn't enough. The fact that Kylo pays his workers above the average wage should tell you something about his character, but even if his heart is essentially good, he's still a spoiled brat and used to swooping about in his long black coat getting all his demands met without question. He's a product of his era, arrogant, entitled, probably pretty sexist and extremely patronising. Bourgeois pig! (Albeit, a fiendishly handsome one!!) Give him a chance tho, we're not even halfway through this story yet! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) “Right then,” Rey called from the bedroom, buttoning her skirt and twisting it around her waist. Maz was clanking around the kitchen, the sound drifting through the bedroom door. “So, we want some more tea,” Rey said as she emerged. “Sugar, fruit. What else?” “Maybe a little sour cream and some flour,” Maz suggested. “For pancakes?” she asked hopefully, her expression wide eyed like a child. “For pancakes,” Maz confirmed and Rey grinned, squeaking in excitement. “Ok, sour cream and flour,” Rey repeated, pulling her hair up into a bun and jabbing in a few pins. “Maybe some meat?” “This is the feeblest fast I've done in years,” Maz commented, throwing a grin over her shoulder as Rey stepped into her boots. “But I suppose there are worse sins.” “You've been ill,” Rey reminded her, stepping into her boots. “I'm sure the Lord will forgive you.” “Have you got enough money?” Maz inquired, drying her hands on a cloth and abandoning the dishes to dry on the side. “I hope so,” Rey said, pulling on her coat and wondering if she hadn't got a bit carried away spending money she didn't technically have yet. She wished she'd never said anything about selling her dress, refusing to hope that a certain person might come to settle that account. They might need the money but it wasn't like she wanted to see him and he'd got what he wanted now anyway. She'd just have to stitch it up and see if she couldn't palm it off on someone else. She paused to check her appearance in the mirror on the wall, her finger slowing as she rubbed her lip and her eyes narrowing. Odd to consider after everything that Kylo Ren might owe her. She snorted. “Here,” Maz called and Rey turned to see her with a battered old tea tin in her hands. “What? That's for Christmas,” she said, making a face. “Oh don't fuss about that right now,” Maz complained, popping the top off and digging around inside. “I've got money,” Rey insisted. “Tsk, it's only a few kopeks, let me be,” she said, pulling out a fifty kopek note and squirrelling it into Rey's hand. “Get us a couple of vatrushka won't you, the cheese ones.” Rey smiled and let out a huff of amusement. Maz must be feeling better if she was hankering after pastries. It was the kind of morning where your breath misted in the air but you worked up a sweat under your clothes and on the sunny side of the street it almost felt like it wasn't winter at all. She made her way to the grocer, waiting in line and discreetly counting her kopeks. A little butter, a little meat, a lot or two of tea, her head occupied with thoughts of pancakes and cream cheese. For the first time in days, Rey remembered that it was actually December and Christmas. She eyed up the festive fayre on the shelves with glee and clamped down on the temptation to splurge. She got a funt of lamb's liver and half a dozen onions, berries and sugar to make preserve, averting her eyes from the Christmas marzipan and opting for milk and potatoes instead. It wasn't for another week yet! At the bakers she was practically drooling at the smell of winter spices emanating from the ovens at the back, rows of festive cakes displayed on the counter to torment her. “I made these myself,” the baker's son told her proudly as he fetched her two cheese pastries. Rey smiled politely, not missing the way his nostrils flared as he looked her up and down. “Still warm they are,” he said with a smile, scooping them into a paper bag. “Must be your lucky day.” He winked at her as he packed them and she paused, not so much blushing as considering. Rey smiled slowly and looked him in the eye. “Must be,” she replied, not missing the way his gaze dropped to her mouth. “The trick is,” he said, leaning closer to whisper conspiratorially in her ear. “Just the tiniest pinch of nutmeg.” “Oh,” Rey uttered, as though it were the most amazing thing she'd ever heard. Had she really never noticed how simple men were before? “Hmm mmm,” he said, holding her gaze and nodding slowly. “But don't tell anyone. It's a secret.” “I won't tell,” she promised, blinking slowly and he smiled again. “Put that away,” he said as she pulled a banknote out of her purse. Rey's hesitated for a moment as he slid the wrapped up breads across the counter. She huffed a little breath. Was that all it took? “Thanks,” she said, repressing her amusement and smiling at him sweetly. He winked again as she delicately packed the load of bread and the pastries into her shopping bag. “Bye now,” he grinned. She shook her head as she walked down the street, rolling her eyes as she came to a halt outside the tobacconist. It was only some bread, and maybe the universe was smiling down on her today because now it meant she had enough for some cigarettes. She opened her purse again and flicked through the coins, Maz' fifty kopeks staring at her accusingly. No, she couldn't use the Christmas money for cigarettes could she? She stared at the newspapers lined up in a rack outside the door and lingered for a moment before she stepped inside anyway. Her arms were aching by the time she reached the workshop, shifting her bag from one shoulder to the other to relieve the twinge in her shoulder where the straps dug in. The path was very icy and she wobbled a little, trying not to slip as she stepped down into the road. She dodged the carriages and hopped over the streetcar tracks, still refusing to touch the rails even if Finn had assured her the electricity was delivered through the cables overhead. Step on a line, marry a swine, Jessika always said and although Rey knew it was stupid, she still wasn't quite willing to take the risk. As she approached the old building, a boy emerged from the alleyway that led to the yard around the back and Rey frowned as she took in his appearance. He can't have been very old, no more than thirteen or fourteen by the look of him and beneath the mop of blond hair that stuck out under the cap was a look of confused exasperation. Of slightly more interest however was the contents of his arms, an enormous bouquet of flowers covering his entire chest, and sprays of pink and white blooms sticking up across his face and obscuring his eyes. Rey neared the door as he stumbled closer, her brow furrowing as he caught her eye. “Can I help you?” she asked cautiously and he gulped. “Um, maybe miss, I think I'm lost,” he confessed, lowering his arms slightly to reveal his face. “Oh?” she queried, pulling the door key from her pocket and clasping it in her palm. “This is Niima Road isn't it?” he said, waddling closer as he peered at her through the green fronds of the flowers. “Yes,” Rey told him, sliding her bag off her shoulder and worrying her gloved thumb over the loop on the end of the key. “What number are you looking for?” “Erm,” he mumbled, adjusting his arms around the bouquet. “Number eight.” Rey's frown deepened. “Yes that's right,” she told him. “Well I took it to the office but they said I wanted round the front,” the boy continued. “Kenobi it's for.” Her mouth went dry, her gaze falling on the flowers. “That's ah...,” she murmured. “That's here.” The boy's face lit up, relief washing across his features as he hurried closer. “Oh ah,” Rey stammered as he held the flowers towards her. “Let me....could you...?” “Oh right, sure,” he said, smiling as she hurried towards the door and jabbed the key in the lock. “Um, you can...bring them inside,” Rey suggested, clutching her bag and scurrying through the doorway. “Right oh,” the boy said, following her inside. “Here miss?” he asked, gesturing at the table. “Sure,” she said, standing to one side and staring at the flowers with wide eyes. The boy set them on the table and turned back to her, rubbing his hands on his thighs for a second before adjusting his cap. “Alright,” he said, shifting from foot to foot and looking at her with an expression halfway between expectant and hopeful. “Mmm?” she breathed, her eyes darting from side to side. “Oh,” she huffed as the realization dawned that he was waiting for a tip. Sure, she might not have received all that many bouquets of flowers before but even Rey knew about tipping. More than once she'd delivered things to Madame Petrova and other clients only to have their staff slide coins into her hand as she'd left, and once at Easter Madame Petrova had even given her five rubles! Rey shook herself awake and dug into her pocket for her purse, unclipping the pouch and and staring at the contents. She couldn't give him the half kopek piece and not feel like an utter swine but twenty five kopeks was all she had left until she got to the bank on Wednesday and she wasn't relishing the prospect of raiding the Christmas fund. She looked at the boy's young, eager face and repressed a pang of guilt at the cigarettes she'd bought. “Do you like your job?” she asked gently and he huffed. “It's alright, miss,” he told her with a lopsided smile. “Better than begging.” She nodded, something in his demeanor reminding her very much of Finn. “Here you are,” she said, taking out the twenty kopek piece and handing it to him. His eyes went wide. “Oh thank you, miss!” he gasped. Rey smiled, her heart sinking a little at how overjoyed he seemed at receiving such a pittance. Well, she mused, it was nearly Christmas and it wasn't like she hadn't had a bit of luck with the baker anyway. One good turn and all that. “Save it for Christmas,” she advised. “Buy your mother some fruitcake.” He chuckled and gave her a huge grin. “Alright miss,” he told her. “You have a good day now miss. Enjoy your flowers.” “Right,” Rey sighed, her smile faltering as she looked back at the bouquet on the table. “Bye then,” the boy chirped, scurrying towards the door. “Bye,” Rey murmured, not even looking at him as he went. She was dimly aware of the sound of the door closing behind her, turning towards the flowers and stepping cautiously towards them. It was certainly a beautiful thing, a mix of blooms white and pink dotted with red roses. Roses. She swallowed hard. Tucked into one side was a tiny envelope and with cautious hands, Rey pulled it from between the stems. Opening it with trembling fingers, she held her breath as she read the message, written in sprawling cursive. Forgive me. K. She gulped, her eyes darting from the flowers to the card and back again. Forgive him? Forgive him? She took a deep breath and let it out slowly, her jaw clenching in irritation. He wanted to beg for forgiveness, if only for the fact that she was going to spend the next week in torment waiting for her little friend. God, she didn't think she'd ever been so desperate for that to come. “Rey?” a familiar voice called. “Is that you back?” She quickly stuffed the card in her coat pocket as the door to the workroom creaked open and Maz came shuffling in. “Oh yes, it's you,” she said with a smile. “I heard voices.” Her eyes fell to the flowers on the table and her brow furrowed a little. “Yes,” Rey rasped. “That was uh....the delivery boy.” “Oh?” Maz uttered questioningly as she stepped closer. “This is rather grand.” “Yes,” was all Rey could bring herself to reply. “Flowers?” Maz observed, examining the bouquet. “Um, they're.....they're for you,” she blustered, regretting the lie the moment it was out of her mouth. “For me?” Maz asked sceptically. Rey winced and hoped it look like a smile. “They're from Poe,” she stammered. “As a thank you,” she added, both relieved and disgusted with herself for the ease with which the lies came. “Oh my,” Maz sighed with a slow smile, touching her hand to her chest. “For everything you've done lately and.....well I told Finn you weren't well,” Rey explained. “I suppose they just thought you might like something to cheer you up.” “This arrangement seems a bit.... romantic, ” Maz commented as she came closer to inspect the flowers. “Roses?” Rey blinked. “Oh yes...oh,” she uttered, deflating a little. “Hmm,” Maz murmured, plucking one out of the bunch and sniffing it. “I think that the roses might be for you.” “Ha,” was all Rey could manage as Maz held it towards her. “I guess they're for both of us.” “Hmm,” Maz observed. “These must have cost an awful lot of money.” “Yeah,” Rey agreed, the thorns on the stem of the rose pricking her fingers as she twiddled it around. She coughed and looked Maz in the eye, grateful that the old woman didn't know Poe Dameron well enough to know flowers would be the last thing he'd spend money on. Petty bourgeois and self indulgent he called them and Finn always enthusiastically agreed. Stupid Poe, finding fault in something as simple as a flower. “They're beautiful,” Maz sighed and Rey stared into the bud in her hands, forgetting all about Poe Dameron and what he might think, because in that moment she couldn't quite bring herself to care. No-one had ever sent her flowers before. That night Rey sat at the desk and discreetly inspected every stroke of Kylo's pen by candlelight while Maz did her nightly ablutions. The flowers were all over the attic now, little sprays stowed in jam jars and tea glasses all around the room and a large bundle sitting in the shop window downstairs. “It doesn't hurt to make the place seem a little more inviting now does it?” Maz had said conspiratorially as she arranged them in the only good vase they owned and and placed it on ledge. “No,” Rey agreed, smiling indulgently and savoring the warm glow of Maz' happiness. That was something, at least. “It's nice to be loved,” Maz said, cupping her cheek and kissing her forehead. Love, Rey mused that night as she inspected the card If only it were a matter of love. She tucked the card into a book on the corner of the desk and shuffled off to bed. Tuesday morning was a flurry of fabric and fittings, busy but a relief at least that when she went to the bank on Wednesday, they would at least be out of the red - just. Around lunch time she disappeared to the attic for a smoke with Jessika and Anna, enjoying the view as the city smog was cleared away to reveal wispy thin clouds high in a blue sky. She took a deep breath. “I'm thinking of cutting off my hair,” Jessika said. “Why would you do that?” Anna inquired, curling her lip. “You'll look like a boy.” “A woman can have short hair,” Jess argued. “I suppose you're going to start wearing trousers too, now that you're a Bolshevik,” Anna scoffed. “You don't have to wear a skirt to be feminine,” Jess replied with a fierce scowl. “And I can wear what I like, I'm not a slave.” “The ancient Greeks thought it was it unmanly to wear trousers,” Rey commented absently, blowing a breath of smoke through the window. Anna frowned. “Alright, mind of Moscow,” she mocked. “Read that in a book did you?” “Yes, actually,” Rey said acerbically. “Maybe you could try it sometime.” Jessika cackled. “Pff I read,” Anna said defensively. “Yeah the cartoons,” Jess snorted and Rey chuckled. “Well you show them to me!” Anna replied accusingly. “Like that one with the Tsarina.” “Oh please, you know better than to waste your time on that rubbish,” Rey huffed disapprovingly, throwing her cigarette out of the window. “It's not rubbish,” Jessika scowled, doing likewise. “It's satire.” “Whatever,” Rey said as they made their way towards the door. “I've got better things to do with my time than to poke my nose into the private lives of the rich and famous.” “Well maybe you should,” Jess chided as they made their way down the stairs. “It's your taxes their spending.” “On orgies and opium,” Anna added, apparently scandalized. “Do you even know what that is?” Rey asked and Anna flushed. “Of course I do,” she blustered. Rey rolled her eyes and abandoned them to the stairs, disappearing through the door at the bottom of the stairs. The pair of them were ridiculous really, poor clueless Anna trying to act so worldly wise and Jess so hung up on a man who would never notice her that she was trying her hardest to convince herself she believed in all the things he said. Not that Rey was really in any position to judge, after all, wasn't she just the same? It was both a surprise to her and yet somehow not, the spectacle that awaited her in Maz' store. When she considered it later she would tell herself that she should have known, that for all her pretence to the other girls, what did she really know about anything, least of all men? It was wishful thinking to assume she'd seen the last of Kylo Ren, and bitter hypocrisy to hope that she hadn't but whatever it was she still felt like her breath had been stolen out of her chest at the sight of him. Maz might be an old woman but she didn't stand a chance, that doleful puppy expression peering benevolently down at her as she quietly thanked him for his assistance the previous week. He towered over her, his great black coat snug over his broad chest and his dark hair curling around his handsome face. That face, those deceitful eyes and that lying mouth. Rey cursed the day she'd ever laid eyes on him. “I'm very grateful to you Monsieur,” Maz was telling him earnestly, clearly not as immune to his charms as she had previously appeared. “I always endeavor to help a friend in need,” he replied in that low, husky tone of his and his lashes fluttering over his big brown eyes. “I do hope that we shall become friends Madame.” “Yes,” Maz uttered quietly. “Yes I hope so.” Kylo smiled, glancing up over her shoulder to look Rey right in the eye. She shivered, her breath catching in her throat as those flaming eyes rooted her to the spot. “Mamselle,” he said, his voice rumbling through the air towards her. Rey couldn't help herself, her treacherous body flushing hotly at the sound. “Oh hello Rey,” Maz said, glancing over her shoulder and giving her a smile. “Hello,” she croaked, a familiar languid sensation sweeping up her thighs and stealing her breath. “Monsieur Ren has come to settle his account,” Maz explained. “I see,” was all she could manage, her tongue refusing to co-operate. His gaze never left her face as she shuffled closer with feet like lead. “I'm very happy to do so,” he added after a protracted silence. “For such fine work.” “Rey has quite a talent,” Maz agreed, glancing between the two of them. “I'm sure she has a bright future ahead of her,” Kylo said, dropping his gaze to the old woman for a moment but peeking at Rey through his lashes. “And we are grateful for your patronage,” Maz ventured, apparently oblivious to the wolfish gleam in his eye. “As you can imagine, a hundred rubles is a significant amount for an enterprise like ours.” Kylo quirked a brow and Rey's stomach flopped at the look he gave her. She hadn't mentioned the price. “I've been assured this dress worth double that,” Kylo said pleasantly and Rey gulped as she watched Maz' eyes go wide. “Wasn't that what we agreed Mamselle?” He turned to Rey to find her staring at him accusingly. “Two hundred?” Maz uttered in shock. Rey licked her teeth and exhaled a quiet, calming breath. “A hundred rubles is sufficient, monsieur,” she said smoothly, averting her eyes to keep from staring at his infernal mouth. “A gentleman's word is his bond, mamselle,” Kylo said, straightening up a little and glancing around the room. “We agreed two hundred and that's what I intend to pay.” He held her gaze without flinching until she couldn't stand it any more. “Fine,” Rey replied coolly, attempting to project a nonchalance she didn't really feel. She turned back out of the room and pulled a large piece of paper across the table, slicing it off the roll with an overly aggressive swipe of the scissors. It seemed criminal really, to pack her precious creation in tissue and brown paper but this wasn't some fancy boutique on Tverskaya Street, just a tinpot enterprise run on the goodwill of Maz Kanata's contacts book. “It is rather a large amount of money, Madame,” Kylo continued, reaching into his pocket and pulling out his wallet. “Yes,” was all Maz could manage, shocked as she was by the whole affair. “Although worth every penny I'm sure,” Kylo croaked. Rey had her back to them but when she peeked out of the corner of her eye she could see his hand placing the banknotes on the table. “Mister Mitaka has a safe in the office. Perhaps you might ask him to hold it for you until you can get to the bank, Madame.” “Yuh...yes,” Maz stammered, staring with wide eyes at the money on the table. Something in Rey's gut twinged uncomfortably. “You may go now, if you wish,” he said with the typical swagger of an aristocrat accustomed to being obeyed and Maz, like the dutiful muzhik she was, could not refuse. “I'm sure your apprentice will accommodate me.” “Right,” Maz murmured, taking a few quiet breaths and casting her eye from Kylo to Rey. Rey held it for a moment, Maz' wary eyes silently questioning her until she gave a vague nod and turned her face away. “I uh...well I'll just be a moment, monsieur.” “Very good,” Kylo replied, apparently indifferent to the entire affair and seeming to find the coving on the ceiling suddenly very interesting. Maz hovered beside Rey for just a moment longer, the money folded in her withered hands but Rey pretended not to notice, just topped the brown paper with a layer of tissue and smoothed it out. Maz' sigh seemed very loud but Rey didn't look back, the door clattering open only to click shut a moment later as she left them alone. Her breath seemed unnaturally loud in her ears, every rustle of paper beneath her fingers like an act of violence in the quiet room. She took shallow, silent breaths, forcing herself towards the mannequin by the wall and spinning it around to busy her hands with the stays on the dress. She didn't need to look behind her to know that he was there, sensing his presence almost preternaturally and shivering as she felt his gaze boring holes in her back. Her eyes fell closed and she let out a slow breath as he spoke. “You got my flowers,” he told her softly. Rey didn't respond, her teeth worrying her lip and her lashes fluttering. “I'm glad.” She swallowed around the lump in her throat. “You shouldn't have sent them,” she told the mannequin, her voice wavering. “Don't you like them?” he said breathlessly. “It doesn't matter if I like them,” she sighed, her shoulders sagging as she let out a dejected sigh. “Of course it matters,” Kylo ventured and she clenched her jaw, staying silent as she stooped down to gather the skirt of the dress up in her hands. “I wanted to come sooner,” he said, his voice very close. “But I couldn't get away before now.” “I don't know why you had to come at all,” Rey rasped, going still and leaning her forehead against the dummy. “I came to settle our account,” he told her. “Like we agreed.” Rey screwed her face up and spun on her heel. “You can't buy me!” she gasped. Kylo looked sheepish, his lip twitching and his eyes hooded. “I thought I was buying a dress,” he mumbled. Rey shook her head, clenching her jaw and letting out a stuttering breath. “Spare me your platitudes,” she complained. “And spare me your righteous indignation,” he countered, his lip curling in a hint of a sneer. “You know why I'm here.” She shook her head let a groan of despair. “I gave you what you wanted,” she whimpered. “Isn't that enough?” Kylo's nostrils flared and he stepped closer. “No, it's not enough,” he rasped, his face twisting up like he was agony. His chest was heaving and his lip quivering, tormenting her with the memory of his mouth between her legs. “Oh please,” she implored. “Please just leave me be!” “I can't,” he rasped, his fist clenching and unclenching. “I can't get you out of my head.” Rey closed her eyes as he leaned closer, his breath ghosting against the shell of her ear. “I can still taste you,” he confessed and she shuddered, her sex clenching hotly. “Oh god,” she gasped. What was happening to her? “Rey,” he breathed, his hand coming up to cup her jaw. She shook her head and twisted out of his grip, taking a step back between the table and the mannequin. “Oh please, please don't,” she sobbed. “Whatever it is you want from me, I can't give it.” “And what do you want?” he asked as he stepped closer, trapping her in the circle of his arms. “I want you to leave me be,” she cried. Kylo moved closer still, shaking his head emphatically. “No,” he breathed. “No you don't.” “Don't tell me what I want!” Rey hissed. Kylo let out a ragged breath, his hands closing around her biceps. “Oh please!” “I know what you want,” he told her, pulling her against his chest. “I want it too.” “I don't,” she protested, the scent of his cologne filling her nostrils and making her knees turn to jelly. “I'm not like that! I won't be one of those girls!” She pressed one palm against his chest as his arms closed around her, squealing indignantly as she brought one hand up and slapped him hard across the face. Kylo hissed, his brow furrowing in a sneer and his jaw clenching. “I think we both know what kind of girl you are,” Kylo growled, his hand coming up to tangle in her hair. She yelped in surprise as he tipped her back and pressed his lips to hers in a hungry kiss. Rey whimpered, the most feeble, phoney kind of protest as she squirmed in his arms. His lips were soft but insistent and her hands fisted around the fabric of his coat, pushing him away only to pull him closer a moment a later. Oh no no no, she wasn't like this, she wasn't! And she hated him but oh how she wanted him and she couldn't help herself. She kissed him, one hand sliding up into his hair and her tongue snaking into his mouth. He moaned, the sound doing right through her and make her thrum with want. It surged through her, from the tips of her toes to the top of her head, electrifying, dizzying. His hair was soft in her hands, that familiar hardness prodding at her belly and making her sex clench jealously between her legs. “Won't you come to me?” Kylo uttered against her lips. “Tonight?” “Kylo,” she groaned, her head lolling to one side as he kissed down her throat. “Oh please, Rey, don't torment me any longer,” he begged. “I can't,” she gasped, pulling back and twisting away from his kiss. “Tomorrow then,” he urged, looking her right in the eye. “Must I beg?!” “I can't,” she insisted. “You can,” Kylo said fiercely, cupping her cheek with one hand. “You can,” he said again, softer this time as he leaned closer and pressed his lips gently against hers. Rey closed her eyes again, her chest heaving as he kissed her, once, twice, three times before his tongue slipped between her lips once more. It wasn't that same devouring kind of kiss they'd shared before, but something much more tender and if Rey had found it hard to resist him before she found it near impossible to do so now. She melted against him, his arms squeezing tight around her as her fingers tangled in his hair. She felt ridiculous, she wasn't some swooning damsel in the novels she read. “I'll send Marek for you,” he murmured in her ear. “Tomorrow night.” “Tomorrow?” she whispered, more to herself than to him and when he smiled at her, she couldn't quite find it in herself to refuse him. “Alright,” he murmured, reaching up to stroke a strand of hair away from her face and brushing his nose against hers. Behind them the door clattered and she gasped in horror, shoving him away from her and spinning aroun. With one long stride of his leg Kylo disappeared into the fitting room, hovering on the otherside of the door as though he hadn't moved at all. Rey gulped, dragging the wretched dress off the dummy and dumping it ungracefully on the table as Maz' footsteps sounded from beyond the stacks. She winced as she shoved her beautiful dress into the tissue paper and folded it with ungraceful, sloppy movements. Her darling creation, it deserved so much better than this. It belonged in a box really, a gown as special as this, a gown worth two hundred rubles! But it didn't matter now, the soft fabric disappearing beneath layers of tissue and brown paper and Kylo idled away those last few moments making small talk with Maz. Whatever he was really thinking he was certainly convincing, chattering about the weather and the state of the roads and how his poor horse had thrown a shoe. Maz it seemed was unsure quite what to think, the good grace of his actions the week before apparently winning out of her obvious suspicion of the entire affair. But Rey knew her well enought to know that Maz was not entirely oblivious to the whole sordid situation, to believe that Kylo Ren was the kind of man to befriend the likes of them from the goodness of his heart. And she was right, of course, because what would a gentleman want with a lady's dress? A gentleman with a face that turned women's heads and a wife in St. Petersburg? She was supposed to hate him, she was supposed to be mad at him but as she handed him the package, the look in his eyes made her burn – scorching away all her restraint. She would have been fine, if only she could have stopped herself from looking him in the eye. “Thank you, mamselle,” he said pleasantly, his lips curling up a smile at odds with the wolfish gleam in those eyes. “It needs to be hung really,” Rey told him as she handed him the package, cursing herself for looking at his stupid, handsome face. “Or you'll never get the creases out.” “I see,” Kylo replied, glancing from side to side and nodding as though he had any clue about fabrics. “Don't wash it,” Rey added in an attempt to appear committed to the entire sorry charade, repressing a shiver as his index finger brushed over the back of her hand. “No, no,” Kylo agreed, a disconcertingly innocent expression on his face. Damn him! “Thank you, mamselle,” he told her giving her a slow smile. “Madame,” he said, tearing his gaze away and making a vague bow at Maz. Rey scurried forward and opened the door, glimpsing that familiar gray and white of his horse across the street. She could just see the back of Marek's head where he stood smoking on the other side, hidden behind Snezhinka's flank like he wanted no part of what was going on inside the shop. Rey turned away, holding the door as Kylo slipped his hat onto his head and stepped outside. “Well goodbye Mamselle Kenobi,” he said, turning back to her and holding her eye for just a moment. “I hope we shall see each other soon.” “Goodbye,” Rey murmured, unwilling and unable to say anything else. She closed the door behind him and turned her face away. “I need to sit down,” Maz uttered, stumbling into the workroom. “Maz!” she gasped, hurrying forward and catching hold of Maz' arms. She helped onto a stool in the workroom. “Oh god” “Two hundred rubles!” she exclaimed, looking up at Rey with shock and awe written all over her face. “Whatever did you say to him to convince him to pay two hundred rubles!” Rey let out a ragged breath and grimaced, not entirely sure what to say. “I was trying to get rid of him,” she stammered. “I didn't think he'd actually buy it!” “Oh child, don't you know money means nothing to a man like that!” Maz cried, shaking her head and looking around the room as though she couldn't think were to put her eyes. “What does that mean?” Rey asked, jerking her head back a little. Maz sighed. “Oh take care of that one, Rey,” Maz urged. “Men like that aren't used to hearing the word no.” Rey swallowed and dropped her gaze to the ground, wishing she didn't know quite how true that really was. Notes: You know what's coming. I'm writing it THIS very night. Chapter 19 Notes: Pre-empting your inevitable question about Dmitri and Rey - yes I ship it. Oh god, I ship it. Thanks for all your awesome comments, I always try and respond with a little smooch but this last week alas, the busies! Thanks to KagamiSorciere all her corsetry, jewellery and period fashion fangurling, she helped me find Rey's pendant. And a special smooch to Elwyngirlie who is the beta-ist beta ever. Thanks for much for all your patience as I consistently threaten to throw the manuscript into the ocean! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) It had been some time since Rey had had occasion to enter the workshop office, not since that day with the coffee and.... him. She could hardly recall the time before that, back in the days when she did everything she could to stay out of it. Things were very different then, sleeping on the floor in the attic with Finn curled up beside her and shivering the sound of Unkar Plutt's boots on the stairs. Finn would squeeze her tight and whisper in her ear all the things they'd do once they got out, where they'd go, who they'd be. And she believed him, why wouldn't she? He was her best and only friend. But that was then, and things were very different now. Rey stood beside Maz just inside the office door, a tape measure clasped in her hands although she was still at something of a loss as to quite why Maz had asked her to bring it. Mr. Mitaka was much less shrill in person than he had seemed on the odd occasions Rey had seen him on the workshop floor. Here he was far less red faced, almost meek really, smiling at them awkwardly as he shuffled across the room towards the safe. He wasn't exactly handsome but he wasn't hideous either, sort of cute in a mousey kind of way. He wasn't very tall but he had a nice smile and a soft, well spoken voice and after all, it wasn't exactly fair to compare him to someone like Kylo Ren. “Thank you for accommodating us, Mr. Mitaka,” Maz said politely, making a vague bow at him as he turned the dial on the safe. “It's my pleasure,” he assured them, casting a smile towards them and pulling open the painted metal door. Rey gave a meek smile and cast her eye around the room, noting the state of the art type writer on the desk and a new carpet beneath her feet. That horrible musty smell had gone too, the damp on the ceiling having disappeared beneath a new coat of paint and an electric light fitting. It couldn't be denied that Kylo Ren was certainly an improvement on the previous owner. “You seem to have breathed new life into this old place,” Maz observed politely. “Things are going well?” “Yes, yes, we're doing very well thank you,” he told her, rising to his feet with a brown envelope in his hands. “You can count it if you like,” he said with a nervous smile, passing it to Maz and glancing at Rey momentarily. “I won't be offended.” “I'm sure that won't be necessary,” Maz said, taking it from him and sliding it into her bag. “Off to the bank then?” he added, looking right at her. “Yes, monsieur,” Rey chirped. “Very nice,” he said with an anxious nod of his head. “Erm...” she mused, glancing at Maz and back again. Mr. Mitaka's eyes widened a little. “Oh yes,” he coughed. “Ah...madame?” he uttered deferring to Maz. The old woman looked up from her bag and smiled and nodded. “Mr Mitaka would like a fitting, Rey,” she explained. Rey blinked, her mouth opening a little. “Oh, I see,” she replied. “You came highly recommended,” he said bashfully. She closed her mouth, not entirely sure how she felt about that or where such a recommendation might have come from. “Wuh....would you like me to undress?” he stammered, tugging nervously on his tie. “Just your jacket and vest, Mr. Mitaka,” Maz said gently. “Dmitri,” he corrected and the old woman nodded. “Of course,” she replied. He glanced between the two of them for a moment before taking an awkward step back, turning on his heel and walking towards his chair. “I need some work shirts,” he told them as he unbuttoned his jacket. “Nothing fancy or anything.” “Very good, monsieur,” Rey agreed. “Dmitri,” he told her, smiling again. Her lashes fluttered. “Yes, Dmitri,” she said with a nod. “Vest too?” he asked, his brows rising up his forehead. “Yes, please,” Rey informed him mildly, deciding that she really rather liked him after all. He seemed a very genuine sort of a man, unpretentious and his accent was sweet. “You're from Ukraine are you then?” he asked her pleasantly. Rey's lip twitched in a soft smile. “My family yes,” she said, dropping her eyes. “My family live in Kiev,” he explained as she stretched the tape measure along the length of his arm. “That's nice,” she told him. He raised his head and stared at some unknown spot on the opposite wall as she measured down his side. “What about yours, Miss Kenobi?” he asked innocently. “Rey,” she corrected and he huffed a little breath of amusement. “Alright,” he said with a smile, his cheeks going a shade pinker and apparently not noticing that she declined to answer. “What kind of fabric would you like?” Maz asked as Rey pulled the tape around his chest. “Something sturdy,” he said with a definitive nod of his head. “Reasonably priced.” “Plain cotton perhaps?” Maz suggested as Rey took the final measurement from around his waist. “That sounds just right,” he said as she stepped away. “All done?” “Yes, all done, thank you,” Rey told him gently, rolling the tape measure up and stepping away. “If I could be so crass,” Mitaka said, buttoning his vest. “As to ask about the cost.” “For two shirts?” Maz asked and he nodded. “Fifteen rubles,” Rey blurted out and Maz' brow furrowed. “Very good,” Dmitri said, agreeing at once. Rey smiled broadly. “Well alright then,” she said, smiling a dazzling toothy smile at him. He flushed beet red and smiled back. “Fifteen rubles?” Maz commented as they made their way along the passage outside. “I've decided we're putting our prices up,” Rey said with a decisive nod of her head. “Are we now?” Maz said sceptically. “We're worth it,” she insisted. “We do good work.” “Rey!” She turned her head to see Jessika from across the hall, waving a hand to get her attention. “Don't be long,” Maz said as Jess drew nearer, and Rey nodded, watching the old woman's retreating form as she shuffled along the corridor towards the workroom door. “Hey!” Jess said, a little out of breath from trotting up the steps. “Oh, I think I need to stop smoking.” “How's your morning?” Rey asked, the two of them leaning against the railing as workers shuffled to and fro across the hall, the sound of a hundred clunking sewing machines sounding through the door at the far end. “S'alright,” Jess told her, catching her breath. “So look tonight, there's a thing.” “A thing?” Rey grumbled sceptically. “Yeah, it's, well it's a meeting but I'm going for the drinking really,” Jess said with a shrug. “Poe specifically asked me to ask you to come.” Rey furrowed her brow. “Really?” “Yeah, says he hasn't seen you for ages,” Jess explained. “He just saw me last week,” Rey complained. “I thought you were best friends?” Jess asked confused. Rey scowled a little. “We are, I guess,” was all Rey could think of to say. Jess nodded, her eyes flitting up and down her face. “Well, I'd like it if you came,” she shrugged. “I don't know,” Rey said, considering. “I...I've got a lot do.” “You can say no,” Jess told her. “I won't be mad.” Rey looked at her face to find her smiling. “I'm sorry,” she uttered tiredly. “I've just....I've got a lot on my mind right now and we're really busy.” “It's okay,” Jess said. “You don't have to explain.” “Oh Rey I'm glad I caught you,” Stephan called from below and Rey leaned over the banister to find him hovering underneath. “There's a package for you!” “Ooh!” Jess said, eyeing the large box with interest. “For me?” Rey asked, walking down the three steps from the platform to spare old Stephan's knees. “Yes, they delivered it to the office by mistake.” Stephan said with a grin. “Keeps happening doesn't it? First your flowers now this.” “Flowers?” Jess inquired, raising a brow. “Ahem,” Rey sputtered, taking the box from Stephan and forcing a smile. “Thanks.” “Well, what it is?” Jess asked, stepping closer. “I don't know,” Rey told her and Jess gawped. “Well open it!” she urged with a grin. Rey licked her lips and stared at her friend for a moment, before letting out a huff breath. “Oh my god!” Jess gasped, her eyes going wide as Rey propped the box on the railing and lifted the lid. Rey was likewise awestruck, her mouth falling open as she took in the contents inside. It was a red dress, the sumptuous fabric of the skirt spilling out beneath a bodice brocaded with black thread. Rey stared for a moment before slamming her mouth shut and shoving the lid back onto the box. “Holy shit, Rey, is that for you?” Jess asked incredulously. Rey gulped hard. “Oh, oh....no, no, no,” she sputtered. “It's ah, it belongs to a client. I forgot it was coming.” Another day, another lie. “She uh...wants me to adjust the waistline, that's all.” She smiled and looked Jess right in the eye. “It must be worth a fortune!” Jess exclaimed. “Hmmm,” Rey mumbled. “Yes, I think so.” “Christ on the cross, some people have money,” Jess said, shaking her head and glancing from side to side. “It's like another world.” “Yeah,” Rey replied drably. “Isn't it?” “Jessika!” A sharp voice shrieked from across the hall and they turned to see old Zlata standing in the workshop door with a face like thunder. “I better go,” Jess groused. “Yeah, okay,” Rey breathed, frozen to the spot with the box in her arms. “See you later?” Jess said, stepping backwards down the stairs and giving Rey a hopeful look. “Maybe,” was the best she could offer. Rey didn't need to ask who it was from, that much was immediately obvious. A scarlet dress for a scarlet woman. She made her way back towards the workroom, peeking around the door to find it thankfully empty. She slipped inside and placed the box on one of the shelves, removing the lid and taking a good long look at the dress inside. It was stunning, that could not be denied. She lifted it gingerly from its case, the fabric soft and shimmering in the thin ray of sunlight that filtered in through the small window on the back wall. As she raised it up, she spied something small and black nestled in the paper beneath, the fuzzy black velvet of a jeweller's box stark against the white tissue. Rey gulped. Carefully setting the dress back into the box, she slid the case out and opened it, the hinge stiff and creaking. She wasn't sure how to feel about what lay inside, like it took her head a long time to figure out exactly what her heart was saying. She closed her eyes, pinching the back of her hand to make sure was awake. Who was she to receiving gifts like these? She was nobody, no-one, just some shop girl from Presnya, nothing special to look at, not remarkable in anyway. Or maybe it was like Maz had said, that money meant nothing to a man like that and wasn't she a fool for wanting to believe him. And who could blame her for wanting to, wanting to feel beautiful, to feel special? Carefully, she plucked the pendant out of the case and examined it closely. It was a dainty little thing, an oval of gold thread with ornate twists and were those tiny little pearls? At the bottom was a small cross, dotted with flecks of pearly white and that must be a garnet in the center, it couldn't be a ruby. But it was still beautiful, the same blood red shade as the dress he'd sent her. Rey cast her eye over it, her jaw hanging open and her brow furrowed in disbelief. Is that what he saw when he looked at her? A scarlet woman? Footsteps from stairs above broke her reverie and Rey dropped the pendant back into its box. She slammed it shut and threw it on top of the dress, shoving the lid back on and pushing it to the back of the shelf. “There you are,” Maz chirped. “Yeah,” Rey blustered, striding nonchalantly out from behind the stacks. “Ready to go then?” she asked, eyeing Maz' coat. “Yes, yes,” Maz said with a nod. “Jessika alright?” “Oh yeah,” Rey said, attempting to appear utterly at ease as she pulled her coat from the back of a chair and slipped her arms into it. “She ah...asked me if I was free tonight.” “Oh, I see,” Maz replied, closing the door to the stairs and adjusting the strap of her bag over her shoulder. “Some young person's thing?” Rey buttoned her coat and avoided Maz' eye as her mind ticked over with yet another falsehood. “Church,” she blathered. “Oh?” Maz said with a satisfied smile. “Do you want a stick?” Rey asked, smoothly changing the subject. “Oh get on with you,” Maz scowled, slapping her arm. “I'm not taking a stick.” “I'm just trying to be helpful,” Rey complained and Maz tutted. The old woman waddled forward through the door and into the fitting room beyond. “So will you go tonight?” she asked as Rey approached. “We could have an early supper.” “I ah....I don't know,” Rey said as she crouched down to unbolt the door. “I haven't decided yet.” That much, at least, was true. It was cold and a light snow had begun to fall as they rode the streetcar, the short trip to the bank and home again wearing on Maz' old bones. Afternoon turned to evening, the sun sinking below the horizon before four o'clock had even struck. They sat together, toasty and warm by a well stacked fire as the old woman dozed. Rey kept her mouth shut as Maz fumbled with the medicine dropper, had pretended not to notice how slow and tired Maz had seemed all day. At least they could afford a doctor now, should it come to it, and she supposed for that at least she should be grateful. Maz was lightly snoring when the church bell rang six, and Rey peered up from her sewing to glance over at her sleeping face. She took a deep breath and shifted in her chair, the stiff back digging uncomfortably into her shoulder blades. She stared at the needles in the dim light, the gentle snick of the thread setting her mind to wander. Hours she'd spent in this very spot embroidering that dress. Maybe she should start embroidering another? She thought of the box hidden on the shelf downstairs and stared at a knot in the wood on the wall – couldn't she just sell that too? When the church bell rang seven, her eyes had started to hurt so Rey put away her sewing and set a pan on the hotplate instead. She stared at the white sugar crystals as they melted like snow into the liquor, blood red from the berries that floated in the pot. It steamed gently, a bright pink foam appearing on the top and slowly, patiently Rey skimmed it off and onto a plate. She wasn't going to waste it, oh no. When she was a child Maz would feed it to her as a treat and she recalled how she would suck it off her fingertips, her lips sticky and sweet. She blinked, a memory flickering behind her eyes of other soft lips and the sweet taste of berries. She shivered, something clenching hotly inside of her as she thought of it. Thought of his mouth kissing her there, kissing her everywhere, his lips warm around her nipple, his tongue rolling against her own. She swallowed, prodding at the stewed berries with a wooden spoon, the unctuous red liquor rolling off the back of it like the dampness between her thighs. Oh god, she was damned. She was staring through the window when the church bells chimed eight, the varenye preserve cooling on a trivet under the frosty glass. The steam clung to the window, obscuring the shadowy figure that lingered on the corner at the far end of the street. She wasn't sure how long he had been waiting there and she blinked, reaching up to rub her fingers through the vapor that was obscuring her view. Poor Marek, stuck out in the cold and worse, stuck with Kylo Ren. She didn't know how he put up with it. She watched as he turned on his heel and disappeared back around the corner, only to appear again a moment later as he paced back and forth through the icy evening air. She licked her lips, glancing over her shoulder at the sleeping form in the chair and hesitating for a few minutes longer before she silently slipped on her coat. She crept towards the door, lingering for a long moment to look at the faded icon that hung above the door. It had belonged to her mother, the only thing she had left of her now and as she stared into the sad eyes of the Virgin, her heart constricted in her chest. It was quiet in the workroom, the spools of thread clunking on the wooden shelf as she moved them to one side and slid the cardboard box towards her. She set it on the table and removed the lid, stroking her fingers across the dress and taking one last look at it. A dress like this wasn't made for someone like Rey, and a man like Kylo Ren – no he wasn't made for her either. Men like that ruined girls like her, she knew it no matter hard she wanted not to believe it. She folded her arms across the table and planted her face in between, letting out a pathetic little whimper as she tried to put off the inevitable. It had stopped snowing by the time she finally made it outside, a fresh layer of white across the ground and her boots crunched as she made her way along the street to where Marek was loitering on the corner. He was traipsing up and down beside the horse, clapping his hands together and swinging his arms to keep warm. When he raised his head to look at her, the smile on his face made her flush with guilt. “I'd almost given up on you,” he said softly, his eyes crinkling at the corners. “I...I wasn't going to come,” she confessed. “I won't take you if you don't want to go,” he told her gently, taking a step closer. “No, it's alright,” she said, dropping her gaze to his boots and giving him a mild shrug. Marek looked her up and down for a long moment. “If you say so,” he replied eventually. “You ah...you want me to take that?” he asked, gesturing to the box in her arms. Rey stared at it for a minute before holding it out towards him. “Hmm oh yes,” Rey mumbled. Marek took it and gave her another bashful grin before turning to stash it on the back seat of the sled. “Ready to go?” he asked, quietly, cautiously and she gave him a wan smile. Marek could take it. She didn't have to go. She couldn't have said what made her go. “Come on then,” she murmured, taking a deep breath and clasping his hand so that he could guide her into the seat. “Monsieur Ren informed me he would be receiving you for dinner,” Mr. Popov commented as she entered the hotel, eyeing her attire disapprovingly as he lead her through the lobby. “I won't be staying,” Rey told him flatly, avoiding his eye and clasping the box to her chest like a shield. He raised one brow but didn't comment, just let out a dissatisfied huff and escorted her to the elevator. Not the dining room then, she mused silently as she tried to repress the butterflies fluttering madly in her stomach. When the elevator finally came to a halt, the doors opened on an unfamiliar corridor lined with elegant panelling and large sprays of flowers that stood on marble columns set into alcoves along the wall. Rey followed along, her heart hammering in her chest as Mr. Popov lead her to a set of double doors at the far end of the hall. He raised one elegantly gloved fist and knocked hard, taking a step back and throwing a surreptitious glance in her direction as they waited for a response. “Come in.” It was Kylo's voice, low and incontrovertibly grumpy through the heavy wooden door. Mr. Popov glanced at her almost sympathetically but said nothing, just turned the handle and ushered her inside. She didn't say a word as she entered, just clutched the box tight against her chest and took a silent step forward. To one side there was a sitting area with a couch and and several armchairs, a writing desk against a wall daubed with various works of what she supposed was meant to be art. It was huge, at least twice the size of her tiny attic. A large fireplace dominated the other side of the room, the hearth stacked up with logs that cast dancing shadows on the ceiling. Oil lamps and candles stood at intervals around the room but they were mostly unlit save for the tall silver candelabras that sat on a dinner table laid with a ridiculous amount of glass and silverware. Rey gulped, eyeing the sprays of red roses that were dotted about, the atmosphere in the room undeniable. She blinked, raising her eyes to a tall set of double doors, a view of the square just visible beyond. She blinked, her eyes going fuzzy for a moment as the impressive facade of the Bolshoi Theater came into focus from across the street. And there beneath it all was Kylo, seated beside the table with his back to the door. He was slumped in a chair, his head leaning into his hand and his elbow resting on the table. Nearby was an open bottle of wine with half the contents gone, a near empty glass of red resting beside him. There was no mistaking the air of despondence that he projected in that moment, his long legs sprawled out across the carpet and shoes cast off in a heap under the table. “Just leave it by the door,” he uttered dejectedly, waving at her with his hand and turning his head in the vaguest of gestures. As he glanced up, his woeful brown eyes went wide and he shot up out of his seat so fast the silverware rattled on the table top. “Rey!” he gasped, his expression a mixture of relief and surprise. “You....you came,” he murmured, his face seeming oddly boyish in that moment. “Yes,” she replied quietly, dropping her gaze. Kylo licked his lips and took a step closer, rubbing his hands down his pants and adjusting his jacket. “I thought you were the food,” he explained. She glanced up to see him gulp nervously, his eyes dropping to her feet. “You're not dressed,” he mumbled. “I'm not staying,” she admitted quietly. Kylo blinked and she wilted just a little at the stupid, sad expression on his face. She coughed. “I just came to return this,” she said, bravely taking a step towards him and holding out the box. Kylo frowned. “You don't like it?” he asked and she sighed. “It's beautiful but....” she rasped around the lump in her throat, startling a little at a loud knock on the door behind her. Kylo's Adam's Apple bobbed as he cleared his throat with a little cough. “Enter,” Kylo called, his eyes never leaving her as the door clicked open behind her. Rey dipped her head and shuffled out of the way as a white coated waiter wheeled a creaking dinner cart through the door. “Votre diner, monsieur,” he said, glancing at Rey and giving her a pleasant smile. “Mamselle,” he added with a little bow before standing up right and gesturing proudly at the silver domed dishes on the cart. “Yes thank you,” Kylo growled, stepping briskly towards him and taking hold of the trolley. He pushed it further into the room before turning around and crowding their server towards the door. “That will be all,” he told him, pulling it open and the server bowed obsequiously, thanking Kylo even as he shut the door in his face. Rey stood like a stone in her coat and gloves, watching as Kylo turned around and leaned against the door. A carriage clock on the mantel ticked and a piece of wood in the fireplace snapped, the silence seeming to drag on far longer than it really was. “You're here now,” he said quietly as she cast her eye over the dishes on the cart, a bottle of champagne nestled in a bucket of ice at one end. “Won't you stay and have some dinner?” Rey closed her eyes and shook her head. “I can't,” she murmured, dipping her chin. Kylo took a deep breath and took a step towards her. “You didn't come all this way just to give me back the dress,” he said softly. “I...I did,” Rey whimpered, peering up at him with a forlorn expression. Kylo's eyes blinked at her slowly and he took a step closer. “You wanted to see me,” he told her and she swallowed as he came closer still. “Because try as you might to deny it, you're curious about me.” “Oh it doesn't matter anyway,” she rasped, clutching the box against her chest like a shield as he stopped in front of her. “It matters,” he breathed, reaching up to brush his knuckles across her cheek. Rey twisted away from his touch and skittered across the carpet. “You think I came up with the last shower of rain?” she accused, pacing up and down in front of the fire. “Why does everything have to be a struggle with you?” Kylo said, his brow furrowing slightly. Rey huffed. “You're impossible you know that!” Rey sputtered indignantly. “I am?” Kylo choked, shaking his head incredulously. “What do you mean sending me this?” she said, waving the box at him. “The flowers. The money. I told you, you can't buy me!” “It's what lovers do,” he growled, taking a step towards her. “Lovers?!” she choked, staring at him eyes wide in disbelief. “We're not lovers!” Kylo's jaw clenched and his nostrils flared as he let out an irritated breath. “Call it what you want, but it doesn't change what happened,” he told her. Rey scraped her teeth over her lower lip and shook her head at him. “Tell me, what happens to a girl like me,” she quipped maliciously. “When a man like you is finished with her?” Kylo stared at her in shock. “A man like me?” he stammered in apparent confusion. “I'm not a dolly you can dress up!” she snapped, shaking the box so hard the jeweller's box tumbled out of the end and onto the floor. She regretted the words the instant they were out of her mouth, Kylo's expression darkening as he stomped closer and snatched the dress out of her hands. “Isn't this just like you?!” he snapped, throwing the box onto the couch. “Twisting everything I do!” “What?!” Rey gasped, both shocked and confused as he prowled towards her and took hold of her by the arms. “I just want to be kind to you,” he told her angrily. “To give you the things you want!” “What I want?!” Rey cried, pounding her fist against his chest. “You mean, what you want!” “I want to be good to you,” he insisted and she groaned. “Like you're good to your wife!” she screeched, shoving him so hard that he staggered back and collided with the arm of the couch. Kylo exhaled a loud, shuddering breath and his lip twitching as he glared at her with daggers in his eyes. “Don't think I don't know!” Rey accused. Kylo hesitated for a moment, slowly pushing himself up and straightening his clothes. “You think you know,” he rasped, shaking his head imperceptibly. “I won't be your bit on the side,” she replied bitterly. “Find somebody else!” “I don't want anybody else,” he confessed, stepping closer and reaching for her again. “I just want you.” “You can't have me!” Rey cried, pushing his arms away with a hard swipe of her elbow. Kylo went still, his hands dropping to his sides as she spun on her heel and paced away from him. “I don't know why you want me anyway,” she said, her voice almost a sob. “I'm nothing special.” “I disagree,” Kylo murmured and Rey turned to peer at him over her shoulder. Kylo's eyes fixed on her profile as he stepped slowly closer. “I'm not,” she whispered and his lips quirked as he repressed a smile. “You are,” he insisted. “You're.....it's like....there's a little light inside you.” Rey blinked, her breath catching in surprise at his words. She stood a little straighter and turned to look at his face, a slight frown marring her brow. “I know you don't believe it, but it's there. I see it.” “It's your eyes,” she quipped. “You should get them seen to.” Kylo let out a sigh and shook his head. “I don't know why I expect you to listen to me,” he told her quietly. “ You don't seem to believe a word I say.” Rey peeked up at him for just a second, his eyes glittering in the firelight as he stared at with a mild expression on his face. He sighed, seeming to deflate a little as gazed at her. “I know you don't believe me,” he said after a moment. “But I'd hate to see your little light go out,” he said. Rey stared, her mouth falling open and her eyelid twitching as something pricked the back of her eye. It wasn't a tear. It wasn't. Kylo sighed. “I just want you to... shine it on me.” Her mouth opened and closed like a fish as she stood there, gawping at him for a long moment. She was utterly dumbfounded, not sure whether she wanted to laugh or cry. Kylo looked at her expectantly, like he was waiting for her to answer but when she said nothing, he let out a quiet breath and turned away. “If you want to leave, I won't stop you,” he said eventually. “I'm sure Marek will be pleased to see you.” He hovered for a moment, as though his feet weren't quite sure what to do. His ridiculous big feet. Rey stared at them, huge great shoes like a clown sticking out from the bottom of his pants. She watched as he ambled towards the dinner cart and lifted one of the silver dishes. “You really should try these potatoes though,” he told her without looking up. “They're my favorite. Fondant, they're called.” “Oh,” Rey murmured as he replaced the cover and took a deep breath. “Keep the pendant at least won't you?” he said, peering at her almost bashfully over his shoulder. “I chose it for you. I want you to have it.” Rey glanced at the jeweller's box on the floor and stepped towards it, stooping down to pick it up. “It's very beautiful,” she said, opening it up and straightening the silver chain inside. “But I couldn't.” “It was a little joke really,” he told her, turning slowly to face her and Rey's brow furrowed in confusion. “I mean the color,” he said, his lip curling up in a despondent smile. “Red. Because you're a little bolshevik.” Her mouth made an O of comprehension. “I'm not really a bolshevik,” she told him gently, nudging the pendant with her fingernail. “Not...not really.” She closed the box and held it out towards him. “It was stupid anyway,” he replied. “I'm not very funny.” Kylo swallowed and stepped closer, reaching up to take it from her outstretched hand. He bounced it against his palm for a second before stepping up to the fireplace to stow it on the mantel. “No, it's....it's....,” she said quietly in a feeble attempt to reassure him, watching as his hands came up to grip the carved stone ledge. “I don't want you go,” Kylo uttered, dipping his head and his eyes falling closed. Rey gulped and clenched her fists, her heart pounding in her chest. “Do you really have to?” he asked, turning to peer at her over his shoulder, his sinful lips parted in such a tender, innocent expression that she just wanted to kiss him all over his stupid face. “Oh stay won't you,” he gasped, striding towards her. “I can't I.....,” she whimpered as he pulled her into his arms, her hands coming up to grip his shoulders. “I'm not...I...Ididn't come here for this.” Her lashes fluttered as she peered up into his big brown eyes, Kylo's soft sigh going right through her. “No, darling,” he said, and then he kissed her. Notes: Please don't kill me. The smut is written, but this seemed like an appropriate place to stop. Also I don't want to publish an 8k chapter if I can help it. The smut will be up within the next 24 hours! WOO! Took a little longer than expected to write but I finally did it! Rey's pendant: http://www.ebay.com/itm/371752938389?autorefresh=true Chapter 20 Notes: ~crunches ice~ he-ey..... (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) She didn't come here for this. She didn't. Oh but now he was kissing her and she was going to do it anyway and she was damned, utterly, irredeemably damned! Rey moaned, her arms curling around his neck and his tongue slipping into her mouth. Kylo's arms were tight around her, pressing her against his hard body and oh god, if it didn't make her knees go weak. She was pathetic, foolish, what was she thinking coming here? It would have been dishonest to say, in that moment, that she really cared. She staggered as he took a step back, sagging against his chest and wrapping her arms around him ever tighter as they danced towards the couch. It was a lumbering, inelegant kind of waltz, unwilling as either of them seemed to relinquish the other's lips. Kylo pulled her down onto the seat, his breath leaving his lungs in a grunt and as she flopped down heavily on top of him, there was a loud crumpling sound from beneath. “ Shit!” Kylo said with a grimace. “ Oh,” Rey gasped, scrabbling up on her elbows and peering down at his face. “Sorry!” she stammered. Kylo frowned as he reached behind his back to drag the now crumpled box out from underneath. “ Alright?” Rey asked anxiously but he just fixed her his blazing eyes and reached for her once more. “ Kiss me,” he implored, clasping the back of her head as she squirmed against him. Her skirt was tangled around her legs, her coat buttoned so tight that she flailed like a fish as she tried to get purchase. “ Kylo,” she stammered, his lips wet against her cheek and his arm sliding under her leg to hook it over his thigh. It was ridiculous, her boot colliding with his side and her skirt bunching around her legs but then he kissed her again and she stopped thinking about it for a minute. It was obscene, lips and tongues colliding in a wet smack as his hands fumbled with the buttons on her coat. Her gloved hands raked through his perfectly coiffed hair until it was sticking up in all directions and she tugged at his necktie, peeling out from under his collar as his hands pried open her lapels. “ Oh god,” Kylo moaned as she peeled it down her arms, planting his face between her breasts and mouthing her through the fabric of her shirt. His hands closed around the soft swell of her behind, squeezing firmly as he groaned into her chest. Rey gasped, the hard length of him prodding her belly but her stupid coat was in the way and she couldn't press against him like she really wanted to. “ Shit!” Rey whimpered, pouting like a sulking child as she wriggled out of her it, the cuffs snagging around her wrists and making her whine in frustration. Kylo tugged on the sleeves, peeling them downward and the second her arms were free she was clasping his head in her palms. He kissed her, hands roaming her body as she shimmied closer and settled over his hips. She ached, that place between her legs throbbing and her sex clenching, wanton and demanding. She grimaced, her face screwing up like she was in pain and Kylo pouted his lips at her, his expression almost sympathetic. “ Darling,” he sighed, turning to press a kiss into the center of her palm. Taking hold of her hand, he pressed kisses to the tips of each one of her fingers before peeling her glove off and repeating the process on her bare skin. Rey watched with hawk eyes, her breath stuttering out of her parted lips as he sucked her fingers into his mouth. Gripping the tip of her other glove in her teeth, she pulled it off and threw it over her shoulder, her fingers snaking through his soft hair as she kissed his stupid nose. His hands were not idle, scouring her body in search of the buttons to her blouse. They fumbled, a tangle of arms and legs as they each struggled to get the other out of their clothes. His jacket, his vest – Rey was dimly aware of one of the buttons on his shirt clattering against the stone of the fireplace but it didn't matter, all that mattered was feeling his skin against hers. Kylo smiled wickedly as she pulled his shirt over his head, her eyes going wide and her hands groping hungrily at his chest. She kissed him so thoroughly that he collapsed back against the cushions, mouthing at his jaw and along his throat like he had done to her. Rey gripped his biceps in her fingers and squeezed, rubbing her face against his chest and kissing her way down. It was ridiculous. He was ridiculous. How could anyone look like that? He groaned as she scraped her nails down his body, stroking the back of head with one hand as the other sought out her fingers. He brought her hand to his mouth and kissed her palm, muttering her name against her hand. “ Rey, Rey, Rey,” he babbled, the sound of his voice doing funny things to her insides. Rey groaned and latched her lips around a nipple, small pink nubs that stood to attention, taunting, tempting and when her hands moved lower to fumble with the stays on his pants, Kylo gasped. Rey smiled smugly against his skin and sank her teeth into his chest. “ Help me,” Kylo urged breathlessly, tugging her blouse of her skirt with an impatience that made her burn. She sat up, squeaking in delight as her clit nudged against that hard lump in his underwear. She raised her arms above her head as he pulled her blouse up, her hair coming half undone as her collar snagged on the pins in her bun. Kylo was less helpful after that, his lips fastening hungrily onto the faded mark on her collarbone as she struggled with her skirt. His lips roved her throat, his hands closing over her breasts and a lascivious moan issuing from between his lips like a hot gust of air on her skin. “ Kylo” Rey whined, pushing up on her knees and shimmying her hips as she tried to wriggle out of her skirt. He was useless, more of an impediment really as he dragged the fabric of her underwear down to get at her breast. She kicked her leg and grunted in frustration, arching her back as she tried to kick her skirt down her legs. “ My little bolshevik,” Kylo moaned, her breast pressing further into his mouth and he sucked on it wetly. It felt divine, but Rey scowled anyway. “ You're not helping!” she complained, kicking at him with one booted foot. Kylo chuckled and grabbed hold of it, planting it squarely against his chest and looking her in the eye with a mischievous grin on his face. Rey leaned back on her arms, her hair askew and one breast sticking out from her rumpled corset. It was a plain thing really, utilitarian garb for the work day and not what she had ever imagined someone might wear for a tryst with their lover. Her lover. That's what he had called it. Did she really have a lover? No, this wasn't about love but whatever it was she couldn't deny that it was driving her slowly mad. She rubbed her lips together and watched him, her chest heaving with ragged breaths as he pulled off her boot and dropped it on the floor. It thunked against the carpet, Kylo's hand stroking up her leg slowly as the fingers on the other tugged at the laces on the other foot. He was looking her right in the eye, his lips twitching, playful, pouting, tempting. How could anyone look like that? It was a crime. As soon as her other boot was gone, Rey kicked off her skirt and threw her arms around his neck. Kylo kissed her, his hand sliding down the back of her underwear to squeeze her ass once more. She moaned and held on tight to him, grinding her hips over his as her breath escaped her lips in ragged little puffs. Kylo's eyes were narrowed, almost feral, his nostrils flaring as his other hand cupped between her legs. His lips sought hers and she kissed him willingly, tilting her head to one side and letting her tongue entwine with his. One large hand wrapped around the back of her neck while the other delved beneath the ruffled fabric of her underwear and her eyes flew open. She let out a yelp as his fingers slipped between her legs, her cry morphing into a low groan as he stroked through the nest of curls that covered her sex. She bit her lip to stifle a groan, her nails roving his back, sinking into his skin and dragging out from his spine before she moved lower. His pants, his wretched pants, oh she hated them, she wanted them gone but then oh, he found that spot again and she forgot all about it. “ Ooh,” she whined, grinding her hips into his hand. “ Oh yes, yes, yes,” Kylo sighed, rubbing his nose against her cheek. “So wet.” Rey flushed hotly, her pussy clenching hard and her eyes falling closed as his finger circled over and over, light maddening touches that made her moan. “ Did you think about me?” he whispered, closing his eyes and kissing the tip of her nose. “Did you think about me and touch yourself?” “ Kylo,” she mumbled, the heady buzz of arousal stealing her words so that they fell from her lips as little more than a whisper. “ Oh tell me,” he urged, his lips ghosting across the lids of her eyes. “ Oh you're wicked,” she gasped bashfully, her breath stuttering as his touches grew faster. “ Tell me,” he growled, his nostrils flaring and his breath escaping his chest in low rumble. “Oh tell what you did.” Rey bit her lip and shuddered. “ I touched it,” she confessed meekly, the words so quiet it could barely count as speaking. She trembled, holding onto him tightly and rearing up a little as one finger slipped inside of her. “ Your cunt,” he uttered through gritted teeth and she wailed, her face screwing up as if she were in agony. “ Yes I touched my cunt,” she babbled, the words turning into a long moan of pleasure as another finger pressed deep inside. Something in him seemed to snap and she yelped as he pushed her roughly down onto her back. “ Wuh....” she sputtered but the words caught in her throat at the sight of him above her. His jaw was clenched, his nostrils flaring and his expression predatory as he loomed over her. “ Ah fuck,” he hissed, his hands fisting in her bloomers and tugging at them hard. Rey gasped, her mouth falling open in shock as he pulled them apart, the sound of fabric tearing loud in the quiet room. “ Kylo!” she cried as he yanked the offending fabric away from her, snarling impatiently and huffing as it tangled in her garter. “ Fuck! Fuck!” he snapped, throwing it onto the floor but he seemed to forget his irritation as quickly as it had arrived, swooping down to claim her mouth in a furious, hungry kiss. “Oh look at you,” he uttered, mouthing her lips and placing one large hand against her thigh. Rey flinched, a pang of arousal surging through her body in a sudden, hot flash. Kylo growled again and plunged his face between her legs, his wicked tongue laving at her hungrily. Rey shuddered and squirmed beneath him, an incoherent babbling mess of sobs and moans as he kissed and sucked and licked. She felt wanton, debauched, spread out in her corset, the woolly fuzz of her stockings brushing against his shoulders where her legs were sprawled across his back. It was utterly unholy but oh god, she wanted it, wetness flooding her thighs with each brush of his hot mouth against her. She felt her desire building, that sublime tension like a weight against her chest, coiling up inside of her and driving her utterly mad. Her head lolled to the side and she glimpsed the fire raging in the hearth, the logs snapping and the coals hushing as they collapsed in on themselves. “ Oh yes, yes, yes,” she chanted as her crisis drew closer, her sex clenching hotly and damn him, damn him because then he stopped. He stopped! “Oh wuh....” stammered, pouting as she reached up towards him. Kylo was huffing and puffing, his hands busy at the fly of his pants, half tearing it open and Rey gawped as his cock sprang free. It was the first time she'd really seen it, really seen it and it was at once both alluring and terrifying, long and thick and jutting away from his body in a gesture almost as arrogant as the smug look on his face. Her eyes went wide, staring at the hooded tip with suspicion as though it were hiding something terribly wicked from her. And well it was, well it would be wicked if he finished inside of her again. “ Come here,” Kylo commanded, taking hold of her hips and dragging her towards him. Her hand scrabbled against the back of the couch as his arms went around her back, her nails scratching loudly against the fabric as he pulled her into his lap. “Oh beautiful Rey,” he muttered, kissing her again and again, on her mouth, her nose, across her brow. She coiled her arms around his neck, forgetting all sense as his cock brushed between her legs. She clenched again, every stroke of it a tease, a torment. Kylo smiled against her mouth and hooked her leg around his hip, the broad head of his erection nudging at her. “ Oh god,” she sobbed, clasping at his shoulders as his hand disappeared between them to drag the tip of it along the wet length of her slit. Kylo's eyes were narrowed, cat like, his groan a low rumble like a purr. She was lost. Rey sighed with pleasure as he nudged at that little spot and he let out a low chuckle before his arms went tight around her and he pressed inside. “Oh shit!” she cried, rearing up a little. “ Hush hush hush,” Kylo crooned, cupping the back of her head. “Darling.” One hand tightened around her hip, drawing her closer and she twitched helplessly as he slipped deep inside of her. “Oh yes,” Kylo groaned, both hands on her hips now urging her on. “Oh look at me.” She opened her eyes to find him gazing her with glittering eyes, the firelight dancing across the warm hazel of his irises. She shivered but not with cold, letting him guide her, slowly, rising and falling as his thick cock disappeared between her thighs. She wrapped her stockinged legs around his back and held on tight, clutching hard at his shoulders for fear she might fall. It was impossible, how much she wanted it, long and thick and hard inside of her. It ached but her greedy body clenched hungrily around him and each rock of her hips seemed to take him deeper than the last. Kylo shuddered, gulping hard and his head tipping back as a loud groan of pleasure tumbled out of his chest. Unbidden her lips curled up in a wicked smile, the sound eliciting something covetous and primal within her. Yes, she thought, she really quite liked this, seeing him like this, the upright, erudite aristocrat reduced to this jibbering wreck. Growing bolder she moved with greater purpose, her nails digging into his shoulders as the wet slap of sex filled her ears. When she pushed against his shoulder he crumpled like a house of cards, sinking back across the couch with a moan as she moved above him. His hands gripped her hips tighter, urging her onward and she braced herself with palms flat against his chest as his strong arms carried her weight. The change in angle made her gasp, nudging somewhere inside of her she'd only just learned existed. It was a place she couldn't reach on her own, her fingers a feeble substitute for this, for him. He was watching her, slack jawed and his eyes wide as saucers. She felt beautiful, unexpectedly so given the inelegant stance she found herself in, squatting indecently astride his hips with all her most private parts on show. It was hard to reconcile with the prosaic euphemisms she read in novels, the reality of the act far more venereal and raw. It was truly obscene, the sounds emanating from between her legs, the wanton moaning that fell out of her lips almost degrading. Except it wasn't, not really. She felt dynamic, commanding, alive like she hadn't felt before, almost...powerful. “ Oh god,” she moaned, sinking her teeth into her lip as a long groan tumbled unbidden from her lips. “ Oh yes, darling,” Kylo babbled, his expression deranged as his neck strained up off the couch. She whined, screwing her face up like a petulant child as his fingers slipped into the fuzz of hair at her center to tickle that little spot, tiny little sparks shooting through her thighs like the static shocks on streetcar cables. Rey choked, her whole body twitching as something inside her snapped, a hot bolt of pleasure arcing outward from her center to the top her head and the tips of her toes. “ Oh, fuck,” she cried, sagging forward and catching herself on her elbow. “Fuck!” she sobbed, her pussy clenching hard and her heart hammering in her chest like a fucked clock. Kylo chuckled wickedly, his hips undulating wildly beneath her and each thrust of his thick cock inside her knocking the air out of her lungs in pathetic sputtering breaths. “Oh my god,” she gasped, her breath hot and damp against her cheek as she buried her face in his shoulder. Kylo was practically purring in her ear, his arms going tight around her as he rolled her over and pinned her against the back of the couch with his hips. She gulped, blowing a puff of air up her face to dislodge the lock of hair that had stuck against her sweaty brow and hanging on tight. He moved unceasingly inside her, grunting in frustration at the lack of space their position provided. It was as much as Rey could do to hold onto him as she found herself dragged down the couch and squashed against the cushions. Kylo was on her again, his lips on hers and his tongue in her mouth. She wrapped her arms around his shoulders and cupped the back of his head, not sure what else to do but kiss him. She was limp, almost boneless beneath him as his mouth moved southward, slavering across her throat until his lips fastened around one breast. She sighed as the flat of his tongue dragged across her nipple, her body almost too sensitive now as little aftershocks of pleasure sparked through her clit as he ground against her. Pushing up on his palms, Kylo loomed over her, his expression fierce, almost angry as he huffed a ragged breath through his nose. Even now, in her enfeebled state she couldn't resist the sight of him, couldn't keep from running her hands down his chest. His stomach wasn't entirely flat, but ridged with firm muscles beneath strangely soft skin. She don't know why she expected men to be rough, coarse but whatever other men were, Kylo was smooth and downy. When she stroked her fingertip down the crease above his hip, his stomach twitched and let out a little whimper. She smiled up at him through hooded eyes, drowsy from her climax moments before and let her hands slide lazily around his hips to squeeze his backside. Kylo moaned, his expression pained as she gently dragged her nails outward from the crease of his ass. He flinched and she inhaled an anxious little breath, biting her lip for fear she had hurt him but god forgive her if she didn't love his ass. “ Oh...oh...yuh....muh...” he stammered and her anxiety fled to be immediately replaced with panic. “ Oh, oh please,” she implored breathlessly, straining up off the cushions towards him. “Please,” she whimpered, shaking her head and holding his gaze as he opened his eyes. “Please don't finish inside!” Kylo groaned, his face screwing up and a gruff kind of whimper tumbled from his lips. “Rey!” “ Oh please,” she cried and he grunted, his displeasure evident even as he peered down at her with a pouting expression. “ I want...I..want....” he stammered, screwing his eyes tight shut. She reached up to stroke his hair back out of his eyes, cupping his jaw lightly and when he turned his face into her hand, she sighed. “Rey,” he groaned, his breath hot and damp against her palm as he lay his hand on top of hers. Her eyes were wide as saucers as he reared up above her, his cock slipping out of her with a wet smack and dragging wetly along the inside of her thigh. Her mouth fell open and she gawped as he took hold of it, the swollen tip glistening in the firelight. It was quite the most shocking thing she had ever seen and far more wicked than it had seemed before. It was bright red, almost angry, the head peeking out at her with each stroke of his fist and as he leaned closer, Rey gasped in surprise. His mouth fell open, his eyes narrowing to slits and something akin to discomfort marring his brow. Kylo groaned, a low, breathy growl from deep within his chest as lips curled up in a wolfish sneer. It was almost frightening, the way he grit his teeth, his nostrils flaring and his lip twitching but most shocking of all was the sight his seed, thick and white as it spilled across her bare chest. Rey blinked, her nails digging into his shoulder as she watched in disbelief. “ Oh fuh...!” she gasped. It was warm and wet and dear god, there was so much of it. “Kylo!” she stammered, her eyes flicking up to his to see the most rapturous expression on his face. “ Oh shit,” he rasped, sagging forward and catching himself on his palm. “Oh Jesus!” Her brow furrowed slightly, her lashes fluttering in surprise that he should use that word of all in this particular situation. It wasn't quite the last name she wanted to hear in that moment but it was close to the top of the list. Kylo let out a huff of breath and stared at the mess on her body, his chest heaving as he caught his breath. When he caught her eye, she swallowed hard and chewed her lower lip. Kylo smiled lazily, blinking at her, a languid, cat-like expression on his face as he leaned closer to brush a strand of hair away from her brow. “ Rey, Rey, Rey,” he murmured, his eyes falling closed as he reached down to press a tender kiss on her lips. She mumbled, a quiet, humming sound and let her fingers stroke through the hair behind his ears. Kylo peered down at her chest and let out a huff of amusement at the sight of her, her corset lopsided and milky white streaks clinging to the softly quivering mounds of her breast. Rey licked her lips, silent as she watched him lean down to dig one handed through the heap of clothes on the floor. He glanced up at her with the stupid puppy expression on his face only this time it was more spoiled than sad, almost smug. She looked on as he dragged his shirt up and across her breasts, his eyes never leaving hers as he cleaned up the mess he had made there only moments before. Tossing it onto the floor, he settled down on top of her, kissing across her brows and down her nose before nudging it gently and pecking her on the lips. “ That was nice,” he hummed and then he kissed her again, slowly, deeply, his tongue sliding around the deep recesses of her mouth. Rey sighed and closed her eyes, his warm skin pressing against her and his limp cock sticky where it lay trapped against her hip. “Sweet Rey,” he murmured, more to himself it seemed than to her, but it didn't really matter because she still loved to hear it. “Beautiful Rey,” he said, brushing his nose around the shell of her ear. She held on tight to him as he hid his face in her neck, her fingers stroking gently across the soft hair on the back of his neck. He sighed, a hot, slow breath against her shoulder, his broad body blanketing her almost entirely, warm and oddly comforting. She blinked and let her head fall to one side, her eyelids heavy and her bones weary. Through her lashes, she stared into the fire, watching the bright white-yellow flames dance across the charred logs, the light flickering around the decorative tiles that lined the hearth and casting chaotic shadows around the walls. She refused to feel guilty just yet, not now, not in this moment and she closed her eyes, feeling his heart beat against her chest and holding onto the fantasy for just a moment longer. Notes: Coming up - smut, smut and more smut! Also angst and fluff. But mostly smut. YAY! PS You are all AWESOME! Chapter 21 Notes: Sorry for the long hiatus, like Batman says, some days you just can't get rid of a bomb. I still love this story and you and all your wonderful sweet comments which I am gonna get to replying to right away! But for now, enjoy some more reylo smoochiness and remember, Kylo Ren has a magic penis. Don't question it, just enjoy it's wondrous darkside powers. Massive thanks to Elwyngirlie who really puts up with a lot of inanity from me while I write, or, as the case has been lately, not write. HUGS. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Rey didn't sleep but it was something close to it. She had to remind herself to breathe, the light from the fire casting odd shadows behind her closed eyes. She felt at once heavy and light, like she couldn't move if she tried but that she might float off towards the ceiling if Kylo wasn't there to keep her on the ground. Or the couch. Whatever. He shifted but she didn't pay it any mind, just let out a slow breath as she felt his hand close around her jaw and the tip of his nose trail across her cheek. He whispered something in her ear and she opened her mouth to respond but then his lips were kissing their way down her neck and she forgot what it was he said. It was nice to be kissed. When his mouth slanted over hers, she didn't take much coaxing to slip her tongue into his mouth. Kissing wasn't quite like she had imagined it but she liked it all the same and Kylo seemed to like it too. She felt his huff of breath against her face, more like a snuffling dog than a man. Or maybe it was like a man, it's not like she could claim to be an expert on these things. He seemed very invested in it and hummed approvingly as she buried her fingers in his hair. Rey made a non-committal hum in response and let her arms wrap a little tighter around him, the afterglow of their previous activities rendering her temporarily half witted. She didn't come here for this. Didn't she have to get home? She might have complained as his hand moved south, but the thumb across her nipple sent little shocks through her body and she....forgot. She could not contain the moan that fell from her lips as his palm closed around her thigh and bent her leg up over his hip, the sound morphing into a breathless sigh at the familiar press of his cock against her sex. Her stomach twitched and she tingled all over, shifting beneath him and relishing the warm press of his body against hers. His hand moved up and down in languid caresses that roved the length of her body but it was only the snick of her corset coming undone that made her open her eyes. “Oh,” she whimpered, furrowing her brow as Kylo's fingers loosened the stays one by one. He blinked at her, languid, cat like as his he loosened one then another and then another. “I...” she breathed, biting her lip and watching the tiny clasps burst apart beneath his touch. “I have to get home,” she murmured but Kylo didn't really seem to be listening. He pouted and looked at her with that wounded puppy face for a moment before leaning forward to kiss her as though she hadn't said anything at all. She didn't protest too vehemently, letting out a sigh of relief instead as he peeled her corset away. “Isn't that better?” Kylo murmured in her ear and she quirked a brow at the ceiling as he pressed his face into her neck. He was warm and she was comfortable, there wasn't any need to rush. The flames were burning hotly, candles still flickering at intervals around the room and it seemed much too bright. She stared at the hearth with slitted eyes, her lashes fluttering against her cheek as his hand stroked down her side. She flushed hotly, wanting to be embarrassed by her nakedness but too drowsy to do anything about it and it did feel better to be free of the starchy constraints of her corset. His skin was soft, the breadth of him above her comforting somehow rather than frightening. She stroked her hand up and down his back and cupped the back of his head with the other, enjoying the quiet hums and moans he breathed against her skin. It was all less urgent now and it only added to the ignominy of the situation to consider how frantic she had been. She wasn't like this - except that, evidently, she was, and the slow sighs that were sliding from between her lips as he kissed his way down her stomach only served to compound her situation. She didn't come here for this. She had to get home. He blew into her belly button and she yelped, her stomach twitching uncontrollably. Kylo chuckled, one hand was curled around her shoulder and his fingers folded around her neck. His thumb pressed against her throat and it was just the right side of thrilling, her pulse thrumming beneath his touch. It should be disconcerting to be so naked, so exposed, one thick arm holding her in place while the other hand stroked slowly across her stomach. He caressed the bony protrusion of her hip and moved downward, his fingers sliding along the crease of her thigh. She dare not look as he pushed her legs open wider, shuddering as his lips followed the path of his fingers down, down until she felt his teeth scraping across the skin of her inner thigh. It seemed futile to protest at this point when they both knew that she liked what it was he was doing with his mouth. She had known his lips were made for sin although she had not previously considered quite what that would entail, quite where he would put his kisses. She was resigned to it. Fighting him had so far achieved precisely nothing and although she wasn't quite ready to admit it, she was beginning to consider that giving in to him was not entirely without reward. She moaned, her hands coming to rest on the back of his head as her hips reared up off the couch. Kylo's hands tightened around her thighs, her legs folded over his shoulders now and his face squarely planted in between them. His thumbs brushed upwards, parting the folds of her sex and the skin around that place shifted in just the right way to make her cry out. It was a pathetic, whinging sort of a cry, like a child pleading with a father to buy that doll or that pony or whatever it might be that spoiled little children asked for. She didn't want a doll or a pony but when he'd said he'd be good to her, she hadn't quite realized what he meant. Round and around his tongue moved, making her breath hitch and her chest rise and fall with ragged, shuddering motions. When he slipped two fingers inside she reared up off the couch a little, her eyes flying open as a gasp of surprise tumbled from between her lips. Kylo's eyes were narrowed, his expression fierce somehow but it just made her flush hotter. Rey screwed her face up and let out a whimper, unable to look away from his face. His lips glistened in the firelight and she knew if she kissed him now she'd be able to taste herself. She bit her lip as his tongue darted out to slick across that throb, that ache, that....thing - she didn't know what to call it although she was certain that he knew lots of names for it and oh god, she was beginning to hope that he would teach her every single one of them. He half growled as he laved at her, sucking that spot between his lips and making her groan. In her chest there was a strange swirling sensation, like sitting in the back of a rickety old cart as the horse bolted downhill. It pulled her along, like a current in an impossibly warm river and she was gasping for breath, trapped beneath the waves and reaching desperately for the surface. Rey clutched at the back of the couch, dug her nails into his shoulder hard enough to hurt but damn him if it didn't just seem to spur him on further. She wailed, her breath a ragged exhalation as her fingers and toes splayed apart of their own volition and as she did so, she felt like she was being sucked in on herself, like water rushing down the sink, spinning, swirling, pulled inexorably down towards that spot between her legs where his tongue was circling over and over and over. A log in the fireplace snapped loudly and she startled, inhaling a sharp gasp as a cramp twinged painfully in the sole of one foot and then as soon as it started it was gone and just for the briefest of moments, she felt nothing at all It was a sensation she knew well enough, like a path she trod and came to know better each time she followed it. And now that she wasn't walking it on her own, she could stop to notice all the little things along they way and appreciate how perfectly lovely it was. It was the punchline to a joke she'd heard a hundred times and never understood until now and now it was the funniest thing she'd ever heard and she couldn't stop laughing. Except she wasn't really laughing, just smiling idiotically as her head hit the cushion and she melted bonelessly against it. “You like that, don't you?” Kylo murmured and she hummed, a smile on her face as her head lolled to one side. She was pliant as he pushed her legs together, twisted her knees to one side. “I knew you would,” he said, kissing across her chest and stroking along her thigh. “My wicked little bolshevik.” “You're wicked,” she mumbled, cracking open one eye to find him looming above her. He smiled, a slow mischievous smirk spreading across his face. “And you like it,” he uttered, leaning down to nudge her nose with his. “You like me.” “I don't,” she breathed, blinking languidly as he pressed a kiss to her lips. Her breath hitched as she felt the hard length of his cock drag along the wetness between her legs and Kylo hummed with pleasure, kissing her intently. “Yes you do,” he whispered, kissing along her cheekbone, his cock nudging at her slit. Her pussy clenched greedily and she let out a ragged breath. “You want me.” “Oh no, I don't,” she insisted, biting her lip as her whole body flushed with want. She looked him in the eye and shook her head slowly from side to side.“I don't,” she repeated and he laughed. “Sweet little Rey,” he said in a low voice, leaning back and dragging her with him. She whimpered as he twisted her around, one hand palming the swell of her backside as the other took hold of her shoulder in a firm grip. “She's such a good girl.” “Kylo,” she groaned as his fingers buried in her hair and pushed her face into the cushions. She was either too tired or too turned on to resist, his cock sliding between her thighs to nudge her clit. She hissed as he dragged her her knees, the grip on her hip almost firm enough to bruise. “You are a good girl, aren't you darling?” he crooned, leaning close to her ear. She was breathing hard, her heart thrumming wildly against her ribs as the broad head of his cock dragged up the length of her slit. “Oh yes, yes, yes,” she whined, her face screwing up as she twisted her head on the cushions, gasping for breath. “I'm not sure I believe you,” he said, kissing her cheek and nuzzling her ear. His hand was stroking up and down her spine, rubbing the muscles across her shoulders with firm strokes that felt divine. “Oh please,” she moaned as his cock slipped back between the folds of her pussy to brush deliciously across her clit. Kylo chuckled darkly. “Please what?” he asked, his tone almost casual. Almost. Rey gulped, her mouth going dry as his cock nudged at her sex. “Oh please don't tease me,” she cried and he let out a sharp bark of laughter. “Oh aren't you such a perfect little hypocrite, my darling?” he mocked, pushing into her just enough to steal her breath from her lungs. “Kylo!” Rey sobbed, pushing back against his hips and urging him deeper inside. He laughed and gripped her waist, one hand splayed across her stomach as the other dragged hard along the ridge of her spine. “Ask me nicely,” he quipped and she whimpered. “Oh please,” she stammered. “Please!” Kylo chuckled and leaned down to press a kiss between her shoulder blades, his knees shifting against the cushions before he pulled her close and thrust inside with one long, hard stroke. Rey choked, her mouth falling open as she gasped for breath. “Sweet little Rey,” he told her, moving slowly back until he had almost pulled all the way out of her before he pushed in deep once more. Rey moaned, her cunt clenching hard around the thick length of him as he did it again. “Such a good little girl.” Rey was mumbling incoherently as his cock filled her with hard, deep strokes, one hand on her hip and the other tangling in her hair. “Look how good you are,” he growled, picking up his pace, his hips rocking faster and harder with every thrust. “On your knees, begging...” His breath hitched, the grip on her waist growing harder and she sputtered as every slam of his cock inside her sent her breath tumbling out of her throat in ragged pants. She clung on to the couch where she could, the fingers on one hand curling around the armrest as the others scrabbled for purchase against the seat. “Touch yourself!” Kylo commanded, grabbing her hand and folding it beneath her. She flushed with shameful desire as she complied, her eyes screwed tight shut and a furrow between her brows as her fingers found her clit. She was moaning incoherently now, pleasure coiled tight in her belly like a serpent and each stroke of his cock brought it closer to strike. Kylo gasped, his breath falling out of his mouth as a series of sordid grunts and groans and the sound of it was unconscionably arousing. She squealed. “Oh you little tease,” he growled, her ears filled with the harsh rasp of breath and the wet slap of sex. “You wicked, wicked girl!” She wailed, her clit singing as his words reached her ears. Rey couldn't remember a time it ached like this, that her cunt had been this wet. She gasped as his fingers tugged on her hair, her scalp protesting painfully as he pulled her head back and growled into her ear. “Look at me!” he demanded and she swallowed hard, a lump taking up residence in her throat as she took in the feral expression on his face. He smiled, a sneering, wolfish kind of smile and she sobbed. “Say my name,” he stammered, his jaw clenching and his nostrils flaring. “Kylo,” she whimpered and he moaned. “Oh Kylo!” “Say you want it,” he gasped. Her lip quivered as she replied. “I want it,” she yelped and his brow furrowed as though he were in pain. Kylo nodded enthusiastically, his breath ragged like he was struggling to take in air. “Yes you want it don't you,” he half sobbed, the grip on her hair slackening as his fingers curled instead around her throat. “My beautiful....little....oh god!” His eyes closed and Rey sputtered as he pressed close against her, his chest against her back. She found herself squashed against the couch, Kylo lips latching onto her shoulder. He moaned, apparently half delirious with pleasure and the change in angle meant that every thrust of his cock inside her made her clit rub against the seat. Her eyes rolled back in her head with pleasure, his moans setting a fire in her belly that spread out through her thighs and up into her chest. “Feels... so good,” he grunted, his movements growing more erratic now. “Your...perfect....little....cunt....” he babbled, punctuating each word with a thrust. Rey flushed hotly, pleasure spasming through her body and her perfect, little cunt clenching hard around his cock as she came. Kylo gasped, his hips still slamming into her from behind and every motion made her clit pulse with little tremors that dragged out her pleasure like the long, breathless moan that fell from her lips. “Oh yes, darling,” he whimpered in her ear. “Yes, yes, yes....” his words trailed off into a series of incoherent grunts and then he shifted, his cock slipping out of her with a wet smack. Rey was limp as she found herself dragged back a way, her bare ass in the air as Kylo moaned. She was aware of his breath, loud, rasping pants around a groan of pleasure and then the warm, wet splash of his seed across her backside. She was too stunned to feel relief, her heart thrumming in her chest and the delicious ache of pleasure still pulsing hotly in her lower body. “Oh yes,” Kylo breathed, his cock sliding through the sticky mess across her behind, the swollen head nudging her asshole and making her twitch with a strange kind of pleasure. “Oh shit.” It was quiet again, except for the sound heavy breathing and then the creak of the couch as Kylo flopped against it. Rey found herself lifted off the seat, colliding a moment later with his chest as he curled his arms around her and held her close, his breath a hot little huff against her cheek. She swallowed and blinked a few times, peering up through her lashes to see Kylo with his head thrown back. His nostrils were flaring and his eyes were closed and when he opened them, he looked sleepy, sated, and unfathomably innocent. He gave her a lopsided smile and shifted his arms. “Nice to have a cuddle after,” he rasped, closing his eyes again. Rey's lashes fluttered and she furrowed her brow for a second before flopping against him to just wallow in the afterglow. Kylo chest rose and fell and Rey rose and fell with it until gradually, his breathing slowed and the room became quiet once more. She was sweaty, she realized belatedly, considering that it was better perhaps not to think too hard about what she looked like. For his part, Kylo looked a sleepy mess, his perfectly coiffed hair sticking up at odd angles and his pouty lips swollen from overuse. When she shifted in his lap, he opened his eyes and looked at her with a dopey expression that was at odds with his usual arrogant persona and she sighed. “Hmm?” he hummed, his tone rising in a gentle, coaxing kind of sound. Rey blinked and gave the vaguest of shrugs and his smile grew. With a slow movement he raised his hand, stroking her hair out of her eyes before reaching behind her head to loosen the pins that held her dark brown locks in a now ruined bun. She closed her eyes as he let her hair down, dipping her chin as he stroked his fingers between the long strands until they came to rest along her jaw. “That's better,” he sighed, looking her in the eye. Rey blushed a little, oddly shy given what had just transpired between them. “You're beautiful, you know that?” he said, his brows going up a little so that his expression seemed impossibly earnest. Rey opened and closed her mouth to reply that she really wasn't, but his thumb brushed along her lower lip and the words died in her throat. “Alright?” he asked softly and she gave a feeble smile, licking her lips. “I'm thirsty,” she croaked awkwardly and Kylo smiled again, stroking his hand along her cheek. “She's thirsty,” he mouthed before leaning closer to press a kiss to the tip of her nose. “Alright.” Rey found herself set gently on the seat and then Kylo was on his feet, stretching with a loud, groaning kind of a yawn before he padded across the room. He hovered beside a cabinet, upon which rested a seltzogene and a set of lowball glasses, Italian writing scrawled up the side of the bottle and a paper collar around the neck. Rey stared at his ass, two snug round globes above two ridiculously enormous thighs and she smacked her lips. She clutched a cushion against her chest and swallowed hard as the spray of soda water filled the silence. Kylo turned and ambled back towards her, apparently unfazed by his nakedness. Rey however, was less serene, staring at his cock where it hung level with her eyes. It seemed a little less impressive than it had previously, limp now but still long and flushed red from exertion. It wasn't utterly unattractive, just....strange. Kylo chuckled and held the glass of water out to her. “Now you're bashful huh?” he mused, yanking the cushion away from her. Rey yelped a little as he threw it over the back of the couch, clutching her water glass tightly as though it might offer some protection. “Funny thing,” Kylo muttered, ruffling her hair before turning to rifle around in the heap of clothes on the carpet. Rey sipped her water and stared at his ass, observing with curious abashment how his private parts dangled down between his thighs as he bent over. When he stood up he had his cigarette case in hand, stuffing one into his mouth as he turned back to her. “Smoke?” he inquired, his tone chipper to say the least. “Thank you,” she murmured as she took one, dipping it daintily into the flame of his lighter as he held it before her. He flicked it shut and turned it over in his fingers a few times, taking a loud hissing puff of his cigarette and peering down at her with an odd expression on his face. Rey blinked and held his gaze, remarking privately that this might be the best cigarette she could recall smoking. She glanced at the end of it, noting the same fleur-de-lys stamp and quirked a brow. Kylo smiled and scratched his tummy before stepping towards the fireplace. He set the lighter down on the mantel and let his hand linger around the carved marble for a moment, gazing into the fire while Rey looked on. He squatted down and jabbed at the fire with a poker, twiddling his cigarette between his teeth as he set another log on top. Rey couldn't help herself, her eyes glued to a long scar up his thigh as he brushed his hands together. He glanced over his shoulder at her, a smirk on his face as he caught her staring. She blushed, not that he would have been able to tell particularly, flushed as she was from their exertions on the couch. Kylo chuckled and threw his cigarette into the fire before rising to his feet. “War wound,” he told her blithely and Rey nodded, her mouth forming an O and a furrow appearing between her brows. “I didn't know you were in the army,” she commented and he nodded, pursing his lips and looking away to watch the flames lick around the wood on the fire. As he came closer, Rey narrowed her eyes at the jeweller's box in his hand and she stiffened slightly as he sank down to his knees in front of her, blowing cloud of smoke out of the corner of her mouth. “Kylo,” she uttered as he sank to his knees, the pendant and chain seeming ridiculously dainty as it hung from his fingers. She gulped as he moved closer, still like a stone as he brushed her hair away from her neck and fumbled with the tiny clasp. He ran his fingers across her collarbone, adjusting the pendant against her skin and staring at it for a moment. Rey watched him curiously, noting the gentle way his lashes fluttered and his lips turned up ever so slightly at the corners. It was an oddly doting expression that he wore in that moment, and his eyes were warm as he looked right at her. “Lovely,” he murmured. She blinked. “You don't have to give me things,” she said quietly, staring at his collarbone and running her fingers over the pendant. Kylo tucked her hair behind her ear and let out a slow sigh. “Maybe I want to,” he replied, stroking her cheek. “Didn't you give something to me?” Rey held her breath, her eyes falling closed as he leaned closer and kissed her gently on the lips. “I'm hungry,” he said abruptly, rising to his feet and scratching his belly once more. “You hungry?” Rey opened her mouth and closed it again. “Erm....” she stammered as he crossed the floor to the cart sitting inside the door. “Let's see what we've got here,” he said, lifting a few of the silver domes that covered the dishes and pursing his lips thoughtfully as he inspected the contents beneath. “Hmm,” he said, apparently satisfied before taking hold of the cart and wheeling it along behind the couch. “Let's have a drink,” he said, pulling a bottle out of a cooler. The ice sloshed around in the bucket, water dripping off the end of the bottle as Kylo uncorked it. “Champagne?” Rey inquired passively and Kylo tilted his head to one side. “Why not?” he said, pouring it into a pair of flutes. “It's pink,” Rey commented with surprise and he chuckled, handing her a glass and clinking his own against it. “Do you like this one better?” he asked as she sipped. Rey hummed and scraped her teeth over her lower lip. “Maybe,” she replied and he nodded with mock seriousness. “Let's start with dessert shall we?” he suggested, sliding a quivering brown and white mass towards the edge of the cart. “What is that ?” Rey gasped, unable to tear her gaze from the brown and white layered mound on the plate. Kylo located a pair of spoons and grinned lasciviously, sliding over the back of the couch and landing on the seat with a thwack. “ Chocolate mousse,” he told her, eyeing her breasts as they wobbled from the force of his weight. Rey narrowed her eyes a little and accepted the proffered spoon. “Go on,” he urged, noting the way her spoon hovered above the plate as though she were waiting for permission. “ Oh god,” Rey gasped, clasping her hand over her mouth as the mousse melted on her tongue. Kylo took an enormous spoonful and shovelled it into his mouth, his eyes closing as he moaned. “ So good,” he mumbled with his mouth full. “ How does he do it?” she asked with wide eyes, taking another big spoonful. “ It's not right, is it?” Kylo quipped, taking another bite. “Should've ordered two. Hmm.” He swallowed and licked his lips. “Next time.” “ Next time?” Rey chirped, tapping her spoon against the plate for a second before taking another nervous mouthful. Kylo let out an exasperated breath and reached closer, wiping away a smudge of chocolate mousse that clung to her skin. “ I hope so,” he murmured, licking it off his finger and letting out a sigh. “I don't think I've had enough of you quite yet.” Rey's lashes fluttered, not sure quite how to take that. She stared at her spoon and watching as it sank through the layers of white and brown on the plate. Kylo held his breath for a moment and stroked his hand down the side of her head. She took a deep breath and let it out slowly, setting down her spoon and deflating a little. “ I don't know what you want from me,” she whispered, closing her eyes. “ Oh please,” he uttered drably, swigging his champagne and rolling his eyes. “You just spent the last hour with my head between your legs and now you want to act the innocent.” Rey stared at him with a furrow in her brow. “ Excuse me?” she rasped and he glared at her. “ You liked it,” he reminded her and she gulped. Kylo sighed. “It's alright you know,” he told her, leaning his face towards hers. “It's alright to like it.” “ It doesn't matter if I like it,” she choked. “I have a fiance,” she added, pausing to fortify herself with a breath. “And you have a wife!” “ I wondered when you'd bring her up,” he snorted, shovelling another mouthful of mousse between his lips and flaring his nostrils. “Women always do.” Rey scowled. “ Have a lot of women do you?” Kylo smirked, that stupid asshole smirk that made her want to slap him. “ Jealous?” “ Pig,” Rey spat. Kylo clenched his jaw and let out an irritated huff of breath. “ Alright,” he growled, rising to his feet and emptying his glass. Rey shrank back against the cushions, slightly intimidated now that she was reminded of his hulking size and his stinking temper. He poured more champagne into his glass before half throwing the bottle back into the cooler and stalking across the room. “Her name is Irina,” he said around a cigarette, snapping the lighter shut with excessive vigor. Rey stared at his feet, regretting she'd ever even asked. “She lives in St. Petersburg in an apartment I pay for,” he continued, exhaling a loud smokey breath. “She loves my money but she hates me. There. Happy?” Rey's lashes fluttered and she sipped her champagne awkwardly. “ Not really,” she mumbled and he huffed. “ I can't do anything right,” he complained, upending his glass and pouring the contents down his throat. It was impossible to miss the clench of his fist around his wineglass, the quiver of his jaw and the narrow slant of his eyes, wounded, defensive. She swallowed a mouthful of wine and cleared her throat. “ Sorry,” she whimpered. Kylo straightened his spine and flicked his thumb against his cigarette a few times. He opened his mouth as though he was going to say something but apparently he changed his mind, turning his back on her and staring at the fire instead. She stared at the bubbles in her champagne, cast her eye on the dented dress box on the floor and fingered the pendant at her neck. “Kylo,” she implored a moment later, feeling a little guilty at bringing up something that was so clearly unpleasant for him when he had gone to such lengths to be pleasant to her. He didn't turn around and so she raised her chin and turned back to the mousse, a far more appealing proposition than staring at his moody ass. “ Don't eat it all,” he sulked, appearing beside her with a sullen look on his face. Rey glared up at him and took another large spoonful. Kylo huffed and flopped back down beside her. Their spoons clashed mid-plate and he frowned at her, but Rey was unperturbed and stuck her tongue out at him in retaliation. “Brat,” he cursed and she made a face. “ That's rich, coming from you,” she drawled and he narrowed his eyes. Rey yelped as she found herself suddenly caged by his arms and hauled into his lap. “ You insubordinate little wretch,” Kylo growled, flipping her over and smacking her backside. Rey squealed and twisted in his arms, kicking her legs and batting at him with a series of feeble slaps. Kylo chuckled and pinned her against the seat, chasing her lips as she squirmed beneath him. “ Mercy!” Rey cried as he blew raspberries against her throat. “Mer-cy!” she wheezed, shrieking uncontrollably. Kylo laughed, the awkwardness between them melting away like the ice in the wine cooler until she was gasping. He was smiling down at her and when her breath caught up with her a little, he leaned down to kiss her on the tip of her nose. “ You're so cute,” he told her and she rolled her eyes. “Say you'll see me again.” “ Kylo,” she murmured, her heart sinking at the pitiful look on his face. “ You like me,” he breathed, gazing at her with imploring eyes. “And I like you.” She bit her lip and stroked his hair behind his ears. “ I don't really know why,” she sighed as he leaned his face into her hand. “ You're lovely,” he told her, closing his eyes and kissing her palm. Rey couldn't help herself and she kissed him. “ You're going to ruin me,” she whispered against his lips. “ No, darling,” he assured her, looking her in the eye. “I just want to make you happy.” She furrowed her brow and considered this. “ Why?” Kylo blinked and stared at her for a moment. Rey got the impression like he wasn't really seeing her, his eyes seeming somehow far away. He took a deep breath, his lip quivering and his lashes fluttering as he replied. “ I'm lonely,” he confessed, hiding his face in her neck. Rey flinched, a pang of sorrow washing through her and her arms wrapping around his shoulders apparently of their own volition. The wood in the hearth crackled and the clock on the mantel ticked quietly, the firelight dancing across the ceiling as they lay entwined on the couch for a long time until Kylo's belly growled and pushed up on his elbows. “ Let's eat shall we?” he suggested, apparently back to his usual cocky self. They picked at the dishes he'd ordered for them, some odd kind of meat jelly and something Kylo called a squab but looked to Rey for all intents and purposes like a very tiny chicken. “ It's a pigeon,” Kylo informed her, setting a plate on her knee. “ Uh huh,” she mumbled as she gnawed on a tiny leg. “ They slaughter them before they can fly,” he told her, his nostrils flaring as he watched her suck the tip of her finger between her lips. “ What?” she uttered around a mouthful of meat. Kylo grinned mischievously. “It's a baby?” “ Oh come on,” he snorted. “Pigeons are a nightmare. They're worse than rats!” Rey's mouth turned downward and she stared at the half eaten leg in her hand with disgust. “ We're eating a flying rat,” she mumbled and Kylo cackled, tearing a strip off the breast. “ Tastes a lot better though,” he added with a waggle of his brows. “Now drink up,” he said, refilling her glass and shoving it towards her lips. It was warm with the fire raging and it was easy enough to forget about their state of undress with another glass of champagne in her belly, but when they stumbled into the bedroom a little while later Rey shivered at the chill in the air. Gooseflesh erupted on her arms and her nipples stood to attention, the only light came from a candelabra that Kylo had carried in and the vague glow from the street that seeped in through the open curtains. She stared at the enormous bed as Kylo hustled her towards the mirror, fussing with her hands and tutting when he discovered that she wasn't paying attention. “ See how beautiful you are,” Kylo whispered in her ear, his hands smoothing the fabric of the dress against her chest. Rey stared at her reflection in the mirror, Kylo's eyes appearing over her shoulder as he moved closer. Her lashes fluttered as she looked herself up and down, a smile spreading across Kylo's face. “As soon as I saw it I thought of you,” he told her, pulling the bodice more tightly against her front. She bit her lip as she felt his pubic hair tickling against her bare backside but Kylo seemed oblivious, apparently more invested in fussing with the skirt. “ It's very....” Rey mused and Kylo's brow furrowed in concern. “ Don't you like it?” he stammered. “ It's beautiful,” she assured him, turning her face towards his and noting his relief. “ Let me spoil you,” he urged, pushing her hair over her shoulder and looking back at the mirror. She stroked the pendant around her neck and quirked a brow. “ I've never been to the opera before,” she commented and he grinned. “ I'll take good care of you,” he said sincerely, his expression uncannily innocent and his eyes wide and pleading. “ What if I don't like it?” she asked and his smile grew wider. Kylo closed his eyes and pressed a kiss to her temple, his lips tracking a path down her neck as her gaze drifted past the mirror to the window and the view of the Bolshoi beyond. “ Well then we'll get drunk and go dancing,” he told her, the dress falling to the floor as he slid his arm around her waist. Kylo's hand slipped into hers and he held her firm against his chest, spinning her around in a mockery of a waltz and Rey laughed and so did he and then he kissed her. Notes: That's right! COMING SOON! A night at the opera with Kylo and Rey and the red dress of Kylo's wet dreams! Also, some Kylo POV, because we all need to figure out exactly what is going through his head. Is it all just sweet talk to get in Rey's knickers? Whatever it is, it seems to be working! SEE YOU NEXT TIME! Chapter 22 Notes: Hello. So this one comes with notes. 1) I want to make this as accurate as possible but it is a fanfiction for which I am not paid, so please bear with me when I am a little bit lazy with things like correct forms of address of Imperial Russia or whether or not there really is a florist on Gazetny Lane. I am trying quite hard and I hope you like it in spite of its flaws. 2) Shalyapin was a way famous opera singer. Like, WAAAAY famous. 3)In Russian, the traditional name for Ukraine is a homophone with Little Russia. These days its considered a bit condescending and Imperialist to use that term, but given that this story is set during Imperial Russia and that Kylo is a condescending ass, I hope any Ukrainians reading will forgive me for using the term Little Russia and having Kylo call Rey his Little Russian. It was just too good an opportunity for cuteness from Kylo and I couldn't help myself. 4)Kylo is a condescending ass. I know it, you know it, Rey knows it too. But he's really hot and great in bed so give the girl a break. 5) I dithered about where to cut this chapter. I wanted to include some fucking but doing so didn't quite fit. Then I thought fuck it, everyone's really miserable today because of reasons so I put some filth in anyway. If the ending seems a little wonky that's why. 6) I thought I'd have this fic finished in two weeks when I started it but no, here we are three months later and we're only halfway. Ho hum, it's good to have a hobby. ENJOY! THANK YOU FOR ALL YOUR LOVELY COMMENTS HEARTS! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) The desk was littered with sheafs of papers, open ledgers detailing accounts and transactions for the last three years. The hotel manager, Iganov flittered about the room like a buzzing fly, ignored but not unseen as he filled coffee cups and illuminated electric lights while anxiously rubbing his palms on his pants. Hux prattled in legalese, debating every transaction in the Metropol's ledgers and hissing about interest on loans and quarterly projections. The door was open and the vague sound of voices drifted down the hall, accompanied by a symphony of squeaking shoes on the polished lobby floor. Kylo took a deep breath and sipped his coffee, tapping his fingers against the side of his cup and attempting to get a look at his watch without drawing attention to it. “Dinner plans, monsieur?” a voice intoned and Kylo glanced up and into the walrus countenance of their erstwhile guest, a steel magnate with a watery claim to nobility through some distant illegitimate ancestor. Kylo knew his kind well, the aspirational type for whom marriage was a strategy and status was everything. He could see it now, the well bred wife churning out children at the family estate, sons at military school and daughters sent for a season to St. Petersburg, leased out like broodmares so that the entire sorry cycle could start over again. Vladimirovich was an amiable enough man, smiling at Kylo as he spoke in tones that might suggest they could be friends, that they might be on a level somehow. Except of course that they were not. At least, they wouldn't have been in the days before Kylo Ren, when he went by another name. When he was still called Ben. Blue-blood Ben with the big ears and the bank balance to match. Ben, whose family were so aristocratic people tripped over themselves to be his friend which left him, in his opinion, with very few real friends at all. Weak, foolish Ben who was a disappointment to everyone not least of all the family name. What a shame, what a let down. No, it was better not to dwell on thoughts like that at a time like this. “Opera,” Kylo answered,leaning forward to stub out his cigarette. Vladimirovich nodded and smiled, setting down the ledger in his hands and folding his hands over his belly. “Oh yes, the Bolshoi. Damned hard to get tickets,” he said, attempting to project indifference. Kylo's lip twitched, that same falsely polite smile on his face as he repressed his impatience to leave. Curse Hux and curse this stupid hotel and curse Grigory Vladimirovich for wanting to buy it. “Yes,” Kylo agreed. “Yes it can be tricky but next time, Gospodin, please...” he smiled a little harder and a little faker. “Don't hesitate to call on me. I'd be delighted to help you.” “Well that's very good of you,” Vladimirovich replied with an aspirational gleam in his eye. He picked up his half smoked cigar and sucked wetly on it.“Shalyapin isn't it? Last night?” “That's right,” Kylo replied, quashing his distaste as the smoke from his cigar wafted across the table like some kind of reeking specter. Kylo repressed the urge to wrinkle his nose. “I never liked opera myself,” the walrus added, turning his cup around on its saucer. “But it is the thing to do in Moscow I suppose.” “Quite,” Kylo replied, clearing his throat a little. Yes it was the thing to do, to see and be seen, to mingle in the atrium, to be seen on the belle-etage as close as you could get to the royal box. Unless of course you were Kylo Ren, who preferred to hide in a dark little box away from prying eyes. No, he didn't go to be seen, he went because he liked it and now he had someone he liked to go with him. Someone far more pleasant to look at than this ruddy faced toad, that is unless she inveigled some excuse not to come or found herself beset by some unbearable crisis of conscience. Sweet, funny Rey, he adored her melodrama. Just thinking about her made him ache. “What is this sum?” Orlov, Vladimirovich's man, demanded of Hux, jabbing at a figure scrawled into the most recent ledger. “Puny mortgage,” Hux responded drably, his face betraying little more than the barest indifference. “Why?” Orlov replied, his expression equally bland. “Repairs to the roof,” Hux informed him, capping his pen and setting it down on the table. “Beast from the East last winter,” Kylo told them casually. “The cold warped the steel in the dining room ceiling. As you can imagine, it was an expensive job so yes, there is a small debt to be financed.” “So we would not be acquiring the estate without some obligations?” Orlov rasped and Hux' nostrils flared, clearly repressing his distaste. “No,” he growled. Vladimirovich chuckled. “Tell me, Ren,” his guest said, putting down his cigar and picking up his coffee cup. “What made you get into the hotel business?” Kylo took a deep breath and turned his cigarette lighter over in his fingers for a moment. “I was looking for an investment opportunity in the city,” he began passively and Vladimirovich quirked a brow. “Why Moscow?” he queried. “Why not?” Kylo continued smoothly, apparently unflappable. “The place was in some financial difficulty. There was a fire, some less than reputable contractors were involved in the refurbishment and....well, to be frank it was a bargain.” Vladimirovich nodded. “You've made a great success of it by all accounts,” he commented. “The business is turning a healthy profit. So tell me, why do you want to sell?” Kylo's nostrils flared and he ran his tongue over his teeth. “I never really wanted to be a hotelier,” he answered. Vladimirovich hummed and took a loud sip of his coffee. “Did that need to go on for so long?” he said snappishly as he paced down the hallway some time later, Hux boots clip clopping on the floor beside him. “It went on as long as it needed to,” Hux replied tersely. “Too damn long,” Kylo huffed and Hux quirked a brow. “I thought it went it well,” he commented. “I think he might bite.” Kylo let out a loud sigh of breath. “What? That's what you want isn't it?” “I suppose,” Kylo grumbled as they passed into the lobby. “You! Boy!” Kylo called, reaching out and catching the arm of a scrawny, pale faced urchin in a Metropol uniform who was scurrying across the hall. He stared up at Kylo with eyes like saucers, gulping hard. “You work here?” “Yes, sir,” the boy stammered, raising his chin courageously. “What's your name?” Kylo inquired, Hux watching on with a furrow in his brow. “Boh...Boris, monsieur,” the boy gulped. “Hmm,” Kylo nodded, digging into his pocket and pulling out his wallet. “Can you run?” “Run sir?” the boy asked in apparent confusion. “Yes, Boris, run?” Kylo repeated. “Yuh...yes, sir,” Boris told him and Kylo huffed, reaching for the boys hand and stuffing some money into it. “Gazetny Lane, there's a florist,” he explained. “You know it?” “Yes, monsieur,” the boy squeaked. “Good,” Kylo growled. “Get there as fast as you can and buy the biggest bunch of roses they have. If they haven't got roses tell them you want the next, best thing in pink or red, something girly, you understand.” “Uh huh,” the boy said, nodding vigorously as Kylo continued. “Take them to the theater,” he instructed firmly. “Ask for Sergei. Tell him they are for Mr. Ren's guest. If there's any change you can keep it but hurry up.” Boris stared at the money in his hand with a look of shock, a sentiment that was not reflected in Hux's expression as Kylo met his eye. “Yuh, yes sir,” the boy sputtered. “Right away sir.” Kylo watched as he skittered off towards the door, his polish shoes clip clopping against the marble floor as he disappeared down the stairs. “You've been trying to get rid of this lemon for years,” Hux countered disapprovingly. “And you want to throw away the best opportunity we've had in months to chase a bit of skirt. Pathetic.” “Pathetic is watching you cross dicks with your boyfriend in there over the finer points of the city tax system,” Kylo retorted. Hux' eyes narrowed and his face flushed red. “You insufferable prick,” he snarled. “I've spent weeks schmoozing that toad for you but you'd rather swap diseases with some cheap slut!” Kylo made a face and clutched his heart as though wounded. “Cheap!?” he cried. “She's costing me a small fortune!” Hux sneered. “I don't care if her cunt's made of solid gold, Ren,” he warned. “I won't have your personal interests interfere with orders from Snoke.” “Oh for Christ's sake” Kylo sighed, rolling his eyes. “Monsieur Ren!” “Mr. Popov!” he replied, turning towards the desk as the maitre d'hotel came shuffling across the lobby. “Monsieur,” he chirped pleasantly, bowing vaguely at the pair of them. “A telegram for you.” “Oh,” he mumbled, furrowing his brow as he accepted the folded slip from Mr. Popov's outstretched hand. “Speak of the devil,” he quipped, glancing up at Hux. Hux stood a little straighter, the irritation melting from his face to be replaced with something much more sober. “He asks me to call on him.” “When?” Hux rasped, his throat bobbing as Kylo's eyes scanned the telegram “Call the elevator please, Mr. Popov,” Kylo called, turning back to call across the lobby. “Ren?!” Hux demanded in an urgent tone. Kylo let out a slow sigh as the elevator doors rattled open. “Ren?!” Hux repeated as he stepped inside. “Will you try to relax, Hux,” Kylo told him tiredly as Mr. Popov pulled the grate shut over the elevator shaft. “It's Saturday night.” Kylo left him stewing in the lobby, Mr. Popov cranking the lever and sending the car upward to the topmost floor. Kylo swayed as the car moved upward, chewing his lip and considering his summons. He closed his eyes and peeled his gloves off, slapping them against his thigh as he pushed the thoughts to the back of his mind and focussed on the far more pleasant prospect of his evening with Rey. “Mr.Popov,” he began, letting a slow breath and tugging at his cravatte. “Do me a favor.” “Yes, Monsieur,” Mr. Popov said politely, turning to face him. “Get over to the theater and have some champagne put in my box will you,” Kylo uttered, loosening his collar. “And some chocolates or something.” “Of course monsieur,” Mr.Popov agreed with a bow. Kylo pursed his lips. “No, not chocolates actually....” he sighed. “Can you get hold of some pastila or something? Something.... Russian. ” “Certainly, monsieur.” Kylo licked his lips and the elevator came rattling to a halt. “While you're at it, have them stick a bottle of Cassis in with it as well won't you,” he instructed. “Cassis,” Mr. Popov parroted, pulling open the elevator doors. “No, don't get out,” Kylo told him, waving him with his hand. “Very good, Monsieur,” Mr. Popov replied as Kylo sauntered away down the hall. “What are you doing?” Kylo growled as he entered the suite, a furrow appearing between his brows. “Eating my supper,” Marek replied with apparent confusion as Kylo shut the door behind him. Marek was reclining on the couch, two enormous sock clad feet resting on the cushions and a half eaten chicken leg clutched in one hand. In the other was a folded copy of the Moscow News, a brown bottle of ale perched on the table beside him. Kylo narrowed his eyes, his nostrils flaring as he watched Marek take a huge bite, waggling his threadbare sock covered toes as he spoke. “There'f a review of your opra in here,” he said around a mouthful of meat. “Ugh,” Kylo huffed, pacing forward and peeling his coat off. “Close your mouth when you eat will you.” “Returning triumphant from a year long tour of America and Europe,” Marek said without looking up, gesturing instead with his chicken leg. “Including sell out dates in New York and London.” “You know what time it is right?” Kylo complained, throwing his coat over the back of an armchair and pouring himself a brandy. He knocked it back in one and stared at his reflection in the mirror, before turning on his heel and heading for the bedroom. “Shalyapin reprises his career defining role as Boris Godunov in this lavish interpretation of Mussorgsky's masterpiece,” Marek continued, apparently unconcerned. “He's very good they say.” “Marek!” Kylo groused, stomping back into the room without his shirt. “What?” Marek grumbled in reply. Kylo huffed and stared at the ceiling. “Get off your fat ass and go and get Rey!” he hissed. Marek swallowed. “Oh,” he stated. “Right.” Kylo narrowed his eyes as Marek smacked his lips, setting down his chicken leg on his plate and making a fuss of brushing non-existent crumbs off his chest. “What?” he ventured, watching as Marek rose to his feet. “Nothing,” he responded casually. Kylo worked his jaw from side to side. “I thought you liked her,” he said and Marek nodded. “I do,” he agreed. “Well then go get her,” Kylo snapped and Marek hummed. “Hmm? What's hmm?” “Nothing,” Marek said, avoiding Kylo's eyes as he stepped into his boots. “Good,” Kylo uttered smugly. “Because it's none of your business anyway.” “Nope,” Marek agreed, pulling on his jacket and buttoning it up. He looked right at Kylo and held his gaze for a long moment without flinching. Kylo's nostrils flared. “Whatever,” Kylo huffed, turning back into the bedroom and pulling off his shirt. “I'll be off then,” Marek said, appearing suddenly inside the bedroom door. Kylo jumped back a step and clenched his jaw. “Alright,” he growled. Marek licked his teeth slowly and looked Kylo in the eye. He huffed. “Oh spit it out, will you?” Marek exhaled a disapproving sigh. “She's a nice girl,” he said and Kylo glanced to one side. “I know,” he said petulantly. Marek worked his jaw from side to side. “Good,” Marek said with a nod. “So make sure you remember that.” Kylo stood up a little straighter, trying and failing to repress his smirk. “Thanks for the advice,” he drawled. Marek stared at him for a moment longer before turning out of the bedroom and leaving him alone. A nice girl, Kylo mused, toeing off his shoes and removing the rest of his clothes. As if Marek would know what kind of girl she was. Was she nice when she was flat on her back with her legs wrapped around his hips and her tongue down his throat? Oh yes, she was very nice when she was like that. The water echoed loudly around the bathroom tiles as he filled the basin, stroking his fingers across his jaw and wondering if he really needed to shave. He looked himself in the eye and smirked at the rasp of stubble under his palm, imagining how Rey might squeak as he scratched it against the soft skin between her thighs. He scraped his teeth over his lip, grinning as he covered his face with shaving foam and reached for his razor. He leaned closer to the mirror, dragging the blade slowly through the soapy white beard across his jaw. Smooth skin was revealed below and he thought of her, how soft she was underneath those stiff starchy clothes. He repressed a smile, shaving across the top of his lip and thinking about her in that pretty red dress and then smiled anyway when he imagined getting her out of it. Yes, she was very, very nice. As a boy he'd always been fond of girls, of women but not only in the sense that they were nice to touch and nice to kiss. He liked them, liked to talk to them, liked how they didn't mock him if he cried, liked to be the man for rescuing the kite from the branches of a tree or removing spiders from the playroom. He was sure it would make for a delightfully peculiar state of affairs, if one put any stock in the things one read in journals written by German doctors - his aversion to his father, his adoration of his mother. Kylo took a deep breath and rinsed his face, rubbing it with a towel before refilling the sink and reaching for the soap. He was being ridiculous. Clearly Snoke's telegram had put him on edge, that and Hux' endless nagging. Dour face lemon sucking Hux who seemed take no joy in anything at all, at times Kylo was sure he wasn't human. He struggled to recall when he had last seen the man smile at something other than closing another successful deal. Not that Kylo disliked making money but it was more than that for him. He liked the idea of getting hold of something and making it reach its potential and a tidy profit at the end never hurt. And Rey, he liked Rey. Unfinished, unrealized Rey, full of untapped potential and oh if he wasn't going to enjoy being the one to bring it out of her. No, he wasn't going to think about Hux tonight. He ran a soapy cloth over his skin, under his arms and down his chest, swiping it across his belly and lower to the dark thatch of hair between his legs. It ached, it had ached for days and it only got worse every time he thought about her. He reached down and cupped his balls in his hand, took a look at his cock, flushed red at half mast all day and surging to life as lazily stroked his fist up and down it. Kylo's jaw clenched and he let out a ragged breath. No, no he'd waited all week for this and he was going to save it, going to save it for Rey and that sweet snatch and those pouty lips. He groaned and squeezed his balls, closing his eyes as he imagined sliding between those lips, of going off in that warm mouth. Shit, if Marek didn't bring her tonight he was going over to that shop to break the bastard door down and drag her out, gossip be damned. He strode back into the bedroom and began to dress, primping his hair and eyeing a tub of pomade. No, they didn't like it, women didn't like it, so he went without flicking his hair first one way, then the other way before flicking it back again. A prize pony his father had called him but he hadn't understood for years quite what that meant. Being a pony never seemed to hurt with the ladies, they liked ponies didn't they? He sucked on his teeth and pulled his shirt closed over his chest, fastening the buttons and glowering at his reflection. He wasn't going to think his father tonight, he mused, adjusting his collar and fixing his tie, not when he had his Little Russian waiting for him. When he got his hands on her he was going to fuck her six ways into Sunday and he was going to make damn sure that she loved every moment of it. He was going to kiss every inch of her, he was going to blow raspberries against her soft belly and revel in her shrieking hysterics, he was going to tease her mercilessly and kiss the adorable frown off her sweet face. He was ridiculous, she made him ridiculous, like a giddy teenager who'd just discovered girls. Kylo sighed and rubbed his hand over his face, wandering into the other room for a quick finger of cognac and a cigarette. Darling little Rey and her beautiful round backside and her solid gold snatch. He slapped his gloves against his thigh, brimming with eagerness as the elevator car wound its way downwards. He stopped in the bar to pick up some cigarettes and devour a handful of peppermints, barking at the desk on his way to the door to have someone sent up to his suite. Even a little Bolshevik like Rey wouldn't appreciate Marek's half chewed supper and Kylo's discarded underpants. He chuckled to himself and trotted down the steps and out into the cool evening air. It was barely a few minutes walk across the square to the theater, and although it was later than he had hoped there were still a few bodies making their way up the steps towards the door. He scowled at the line of coaches queued up in the square, looking out for Snezhinka and huffing in displeasure that she was nowhere to be seen. Rey had so far set the precedent of being late, the little tease, uncannily like a lady for a shop girl from Presnensky. Whores, ladies, it didn't really matter, they were all women underneath. “What the....?” Kylo sputtered as a scrawny figure emerged from behind a pillar and crashed right into him. “Boris?” he asked, peeling the boy away from his chest. “Monsieur Ren, sir!” Boris exclaimed with wide eyes. “Hmm, did you get the flowers then?” Kylo asked and Boris nodded. “Delivered them to your lady myself, monsieur,” Boris assured him. Kylo smiled. So she was already here, good, that was good. “And?” he demanded. “Did she like them?” “I think so, monsieur,” Boris said, a wistful expression taking up residence on his face. “She kissed me.” Kylo's lips turned up at the corners, a breath of amusement huffing out of his nose. He stepped over the boy and took hold of his shoulder, his brow furrowing fiercely. “You trying to steal my woman?!” he growled and Boris' eyes fairly popped out of their sockets. “Nuh...no, sir!” he gasped and Kylo smirked, releasing the boy and giving him the mildest of shoves. “Keep your hands off alright!” he uttered in a low, menacing tone. “She's mine!” Boris gulped and stood a little straighter, tugging on his hotel uniform and clenching his jaw. “A lady can kiss who she likes,” he hissed. Kylo repressed his smile, secretly impressed, stamping his foot and leering at the boy. “You little....!” he rasped. Boris turned and fled down the steps, disappearing across the square towards the hotel. Kylo turned in through the theater doors, chuckling to himself all the way up the stairs. “Good evening, Monsieur.” “Monsieur, bonsoir.” “Your coat, monsieur?” Kylo handed his coat and hat to an usher, following up the steps as the penguin suited fellow lead him up to the 1 st circle. It wasn't the belle etage but he doubted that Rey knew or cared about that, and besides, it was the best he could do on short notice and he was massively out of pocket because of it. But then, what good was it being a gentleman if one could not beg favors from other gentlemen? “First bell?” Kylo asked as they made their way along the landing to the next set of stairs, eyeing the ladies and gentlemen making their way along the hall towards their seats. Through the open doors he could hear the dissonant dirge of the orchestra tuning up, that same frisson of excitement rippling through him that he'd felt as a boy. “Oui monsieur,” the usher demurred, gesturing with his arm for Kylo to follow the passage to the right as they came out at the top of the stairs. Kylo continued along the hall, past the open boxes to a small door at the end of the corridor, his heart hammering in his chest as he drew nearer. The usher scurried ahead, exchanging brief words with an attendant that lingered outside and handing him Kylo's coat. “Monsieur,” the usher crooned, bowing low and opening the door to a small retiring room beyond. And there she was, hovering in the corner like a vision of loveliness. Kylo held his breath and stepped inside, meeting her eye and holding her gaze. “Shall I pour some champagne, monsieur,” a voice queried mildly from behind, the attendant placing his coat on a stand where Rey's already hung. “Yes, thank you,” Kylo said, never taking his eyes off Rey. “Hello,” she croaked after a moment and Kylo blinked, aware of the popping of a cork behind him and the fizzle of champagne as it was poured into flutes. “Hello,” he replied. He was pathetic, he was a prize pony, starry eyed over a shop girl. But oh, wasn't she lovely? He let his eyes drift down over her body, the red dress clinging in all the right places and his pendant hanging around her neck. His cock twitched as something proprietary and possessive surged through him. Sweet little Rey, she was all for him. “You look beautiful,” he breathed and she gulped, her lashes fluttering over blushing cheeks. “Thank you,” she chirped and he smiled, taking a step closer as the attendant set the champagne bottle back into the cooler and disappeared out of the door. “I'm sorry I'm late,” he said as it snicked quietly shut. “I've not been here long,” Rey admitted and Kylo hummed, coming to stand in front of her. Rey took a tiny step back and turned slightly away from him. “This is all very nice,” she commented, digging her finger into the carved wood along the back of a low slung couch that stood against one wall. Kylo turned slowly and let his gaze run up and down her body. “I'm glad you like it,” Kylo said gently, taking a step towards her. “It must have been very expensive,” she added and he nodded. “You're worth it,” he assured her. Rey looked at him askance, as though she didn't quite believe what he was saying. “These are lovely,” she told him, taking a step back as he took another step closer and flicking at a petal on the large spray of flowers that rested on a console table by the door. “You're lovely,” Kylo said and she shook her head. “You're ridiculous Kylo Ren,” she told him and he smiled. “Yes,” he agreed. “Will you have a drink?” “Alright,” Rey said as he handed her a glass of champagne. They clinked their glasses together and he had just taken a sip when he remembered the cassis. “Oh, wait, wait!” he urged, setting his glass down and moving to retrieve the bottle. Rey observed him curiously as he unstopped the cork and held the bottle towards her. “What's this?” she asked, furrowing her brow as he poured a little into her glass. “Blackcurrant,” he explained, adding some to his own. “I wondered if you might not like it a little better this way.” “Oh, that's....” Rey mused, taking a cautious sip of her drink. “That's really nice.” “Kir, they call it,” Kylo said, observing happily as she took another sip. Rey smiled at him and he flushed at her approval. “Did you get my present? The book?” “Um, yes,” she told him meekly. “Thank you.” “I wasn't sure you knew the story,” Kylo said, observing as she turned to peer around the curtain that partitioned them from the balcony beyond. “I know the story, Kylo,” she chided. “Everybody does.” “Well yes but....” he began, chewing his lip and repressing the urge to stroke his fingers down her spine. “Do you come here a lot?” Rey queried, turning to face him once more. Kylo dipped his head from side to side. “Quite a lot,” he admitted and she nodded thoughtfully. “And do you always have this box?” Kylo blinked. “Not always,” he said. “Sometimes I sit in the auditorium, it depends.” “It depends?” Rey prodded.. Kylo smiled. “If I'm alone,” he told her. “Oh,” she said, affecting an air of indifference that was entirely transparent. “You know, I'd like it if you were jealous,” he said, catching her hand and pulling her close. “I'm not jealous,” she insisted, pressing her palm against his chest and holding her wine glass away from her in case it spilled. “You don't have to be,” he assured her, sliding closer and gently wrapping his arm around her waist. “But I'd still like it if you were.” “Kuh....Kylo,” Rey shrugged, dipping her head bashfully. “I always worry you won't come,” he confessed. “I shouldn't have,” she said. “But you did,” he uttered, plucking her champagne from her hand and setting their glasses down before catching her hand and raising it to his lips. “And I'm glad.” Rey blinked again and her lips parted, some meaningless sound tumbling out from between them but whatever it was she was going to say was lost as he pulled her into his arms. “Darling,” he gasped, wrapping her in a tight embrace and tilting her head back for a kiss. She whimpered but didn't resist, her arms coiling around his neck and her fingers going into his hair. Oh yes, sweet Rey, he mused, one hand at the back of her head and the other sliding downward to squeeze at the round swell of her backside. He was ridiculous, hard as rock against her belly and devouring her mouth like a starving man. If he had thought being apart from her was torture, then being with her was even more cruel. He was starving, ravenous, and here she was like a banquet he was not allowed to eat. “Muh....kuh...” she sputtered between kisses, pulling back only to have him rain kisses against her face. Kylo pressed her against the wall and tugged on her hair, curling his fingers into it and looking into her eyes. “I'm mad for you,” he gasped, his face screwing up as though he were in agony. He was in agony. “I've thought of you every waking moment and every dreaming one too.” “Oh, god,” she breathed, furrowing her brow and closing her eyes tight. “What have you done to me?” Kylo whispered. “I haven't done anything to you,” she replied, gazing up at him with unfathomably wide and innocent eyes. Kylo swallowed hard. “I'm your slave, you know that?” he confessed and Rey smiled, a huff of disbelief issuing from her throat. “Me?” she said, stroking her hands across his shoulders and bringing them to rest on his chest. Her eyes became a little distant as she squeezed the muscles in his chest and his mouth went dry. “Yes, you,” Kylo said, in a low, slow voice, desire dripping from every word. Rey's smile grew wider, a bell ringing in the hall outside. “Final bell,” Kylo told her. “That means it's about to start.” “We should probably sit down,” Rey observed. Kylo took a few deep breaths and nodded, taking her hand and leading her out into the box. Rey hesitated as they emerged through the curtains, shuffling meekly forward as Kylo guided her into her seat. “Oh my,” she uttered, her eyes taking in the view of the auditorium. Kylo sank down into his seat and observed her with ravenous eyes, noting the wide eyed wonder on her face as she gazed across the wide space. “Here,” Kylo said, offering her a pair of binoculars. “What are these for?” she asked and he smirked. “Spying on people, of course,” he said with a grin, the smile on her beautiful face making his heart beat a little faster and then the lights dimmed, and the curtain went up. The view was good enough he supposed, and Rey was transfixed, her eyes never moving from the stage as the music began to play and the chorus began to sing. It wasn't what he would call a beginner's opera but it didn't matter. Rey watched the performance and he watched her, staring at her mouth and flushing hotly when she glanced towards him, her lashes fluttering bashfully in the dim light. It was dark but she was glowing, her pale skin standing out beneath the red of her dress. The pendant around her neck taunted him, lingering in the notch in her collarbone that he longed so very much to kiss. So the prince was dead and Boris was in charge now, tsar of all the Russias. His Little Russian watched on in delight, peering at him bashfully and clapping when everyone else clapped. She was too adorable, but she looked like she belonged there, her posture composed and her hands delicately clapping. Kylo felt like a lumbering oaf in the face of her elegance, as entranced by this little Presnya rat as she was by the performance. She was as poised as a lady, as tempting as Salome and he felt like he would cut off his own head just to get her into bed again. She was right, he was ridiculous but what did it matter now, hidden away in the darkness of their private box. He liked this bit, the monks were in the inn but all Kylo could think of was kissing her. He swallowed hard and lifted the binoculars to his eyes, peering across the auditorium at the boxes on the other side. The theater was full it seemed, few spaces visible among the mass of pasty faces that stared at the stage. The glint of glass caught his eye, staring through his binoculars at a young woman seated on the belle-etage with her family. She must have been fourteen if she was a day and he smirked as he watched her jab her elbow into her companion's side, passing her glasses to the boy so that he could look too. Kylo peered at them and narrowed his eyes as through his binoculars he saw the boy stick his tongue into his chin and make a face at him. The girl covered her mouth as she laughed and Kylo smiled as he watched a hand reach out to smack the boy on the back of the head. He thought of Phas and how they had done the same, utterly inseparable as they were back then. Everyone had thought they would get married and he wouldn't have objected, even if it wasn't really like that with them. But then there was school and Irina and... Kylo was jolted from his reverie by a round of thunderous applause. False Dmitri was out of the window and the curtain was coming down. Rey was clapping enthusiastically and as the lights went up, Kylo turned to see her looking at him with a look of awe on her face. “Do you like it?” he asked gently and she let out a long, wistful sigh. “It's wonderful,” she gushed and he smiled, taking hold of her hand and kissing it. “Let's have a drink,” he urged, rising to his feet and ushering her into their little sitting room. “Imagine being able to sing like that,” Rey prattled as he topped up their glasses. “Imagine that being your job!” Kylo chuckled and clinked his glass against hers. “Would you like that?” he asked and she chuckled. “Who wouldn't?” she replied and he hummed, moving closer and wrapping his arm around her waist. “If only I could sing.” “You could do the costumes,” he suggested, sipping his champagne. “The costumes? Oh the costumes!” Rey sighed and Kylo smiled dopily at her. It wasn't right, he was ridiculous, this was ridiculous. How could anyone be so sweet? It wasn't fair. It wasn't fair that she should be so perfect and yet so utterly unsuitable, but it didn't matter just then. He had her in his arms after four agonizing days of thinking about her. He didn't care if she only wanted his money, when she looked up into his eyes and smiled at him, Kylo was willing to believe it. That she liked him. That she really liked him. “Give me a kiss,” he commanded, squeezing her tight and swooping down to claim her lips. “Mine my jink,” she sputtered, tensing up as her champagne slopped over the rim of her glass and onto the carpet. “Fuck the drink,” Kylo exclaimed, grabbing her glass and dumping it on the mantelpiece. “I'll send you a whole case tomorrow.” “Oh, Kylo,” Rey said with a frown. “Kiss me,” he repeated, dragging her closer and pressing his lips to hers. Rey chuckled but she didn't resist, her arms wrapping around his neck as his tongue slipped into her mouth. It wasn't long before he was gasping, his hand roving her body until his palm closed around her breast. Rey moaned and he moaned too, stumbling backward and dragging her with him. “Kylo,” she yelped as he spun her around and pressed her against the table. “Rey,” he uttered mischievously, grinning at the delightful squeak she made as he lifted her onto the surface. “Oh my god,” she gasped as he slid his hands up her skirt. “You're gorgeous,” he told her, his fingers hooking into the band of her underwear and tugging it down her thighs. “Kylo you're wicked,” she whispered, her fingernails digging into his shoulders. Her mouth was open and her lower lip quivered but she didn't tell him to stop. Kylo grinned. “No one's going to come in,” he assured her quietly. Yes he was wicked but so was she. She didn't resist all that much as he pushed her skirt up and hooked her leg over his hip, didn't complain as he cupped her ass and pressed his palm against her thigh. “Kylo,” she panted as he planted her foot on the table top and peered down at the fuzz between her legs. “Ssh,” he cooed, his eyes glued to the sight of her pink cunt peeking out from the dark nest of curls. He reached between them and let his knuckles brush the against it lightly, just nudging not really touching. His cock twitched at the way her thigh quivered and she sucked in a sharp, shock of breath. Rey whimpered and bit her lip, stifling a little cry as he ran the tip of his index finger up and down the length of her slit a few times. They were slow, teasing touches that made her shake and Kylo nostrils flared as panted, hard and heavy like a drooling dog. He kissed her then, silencing her mewling little cries with the slow slide of his tongue. Rey held onto him for dear life, twitching uncontrollably as he circled her clit with his finger. It was delightfully hard to the touch and she grew wetter with every stroke of his hand. When he pressed his finger inside, Rey gasped and turned her face away, taking a loud, hissing breath. The lights went dim and a round of applause swept through the doorway from the auditorium, muted by the curtain than hung across balcony door but Kylo was undeterred. Shalyapin was on the stage when Rey cried out, her moans drowned out by his stentorious bass. He held the audience in rapt attention as he sang, Kylo watching on with wolfish eyes as Rey came undone at his touch. She clenched hotly around his fingers, her whimpers muffled as she hid her face in his shirt and he ached. “Darling,” he whispered in her ear as he loosened the buttons of his fly, his cock throbbing in desperation to be released from the confines on his pants. She screwed her face up in despair and Kylo grinned, burning with the shamelessness of it all. He pulled her closer, his arms tight around her as he dragged her down onto the couch and his cock prodding her belly as they landed in a tangled heap of limbs. Her palm was warm as he closed her hand around it, groaning into her throat as she stroked him up and down. He pressed his lips against her neck and scraped his teeth across her jaw, reaching up to brush her hair out her eyes. “Give it a little kiss,” he begged, his voice barely a whisper. “A kiss?” Rey uttered breathlessly and he pouted at her, pleading, imploring. “Yes, a kiss darling,” he choked as she leaned back and peered down at his erection where it rose up between them. Her lashes fluttered, her mouth agape as she stared at it. “Rey,” Kylo groaned, stroking her cheek and looking her right in the eye. Rey bit her lip and blinked at him, bashful, innocent and it just made him burn even hotter. Timid, cautious she dipped her head, his breath hitching as she pressed the lightest of kisses to the tip of his cock. It twitched with glee, as though to tell him how very much it approved of this turn of events. Kylo gulped and stroked her hair. “And here,” he murmured, pointing to the base and closing his eyes as she repeated the action. “And here,” he said, pointing a little higher. “And here,” he sighed, his stomach twitching as she pressed her lips up the length of him from base to tip. “Oh yes, that's it, that's it,” he whispered, holding her face in his hands and pouting at her indulgently as he pressed the head of his cock between her beautiful lips. “Oh god,” he gasped, his head falling back against the couch. He closed his hand over the back of her head, unable to resist from thrusting up into the warm, wet cavern of her mouth. Rey let out a squeak and pulled away and when Kylo raised his head, she was peering at him with unbearably innocent eyes. She bit her lip and he took a deep breath, stroking her cheek and squeezing her hand around the base of his cock. “Rey, Rey, Rey,” he urged, pulling her closer. She didn't protest as he guided her downward once more, hissing in pleasure as she took him into her mouth again. He moaned, grateful for the chorale that was resonating around the auditorium at that moment. Her inexperience was obvious to him but that just made him want it all the more, peering through his lashes to watch his throbbing length disappear between those lips. Up and down and up and down she moved, growing bolder so that soon enough he didn't have to guide her at all. Kylo let himself relax against the cushions, his fingers idling in her soft hair as False Dmitri sang. It was a shame to miss it really but in that moment he couldn't care. He'd take her to a hundred operas so long as she didn't stop. In a moment of silence, the room was filled with the wet smack of her mouth on his sex and Kylo clenched, his balls growing tight. He grit his teeth and hissed, pleasure spiking up inside of him, hot and hard as he opened his eyes to watch himself go off in her mouth. The sight of it was so erotic he could have cried, her doe eyes blinking up at him in shock and surprise as thick, white ribbons shot across her tongue. He held her still, pressed himself deeper into her mouth, his nostrils flaring as something mercilessly masculine took hold of him. Rey screwed her eyes up, whimpering around the hard length buried between her lips. He grunted inelegantly, secretly thrilled at the frown on her face and considering it a personal victory to be responsible for another of her firsts. “Oh don't spit it out,” he uttered, his voice quiet but pleading. “Swallow it,” he whispered, his lips against her ear. Rey batted her lashes at him, a forlorn expression on her face as her throat bobbed and Kylo watched enraptured at the sight. “Darling, darling,” he cooed, pulling her into his lap and wrapping his arms around her. “Oh my sweet girl,” he growled, catching a milky white drop that clung to the corner of her lip on his finger and pressing it into her mouth. He smiled at her, stroking her face and looking her in the eye. She blinked, fluttering lashes over warm brown eyes that glittered in the weak light. Kylo let out a sigh of contentment and nudged her nose with his, kissing across her brow before tucking her under his chin. His hands stroked up and down her back as he flopped bonelessly against the cushions, a slow, soothing gesture while his lips pressed a soft kiss against her temple. Darling Rey. Beautiful Rey. On the stage below, False Dmitri was assuring Mariana of his unending devotion. Kylo stared up at the coving on the ceiling above and smile, because in that moment it was a sentiment he could well understand. Notes: If you are interested, there are several nice versions of Boris Godunov, performed by/at the Bolshoi available on youtube, with English subtitles. I enjoyed the 1978 version while writing this. It does help to know a bit of the history of that era of Russian history if you want the story to make any sense. However, the music is still amazing so if you like opera, I'd 100% recommend that you go for it. If you don't like opera, that's fine, no no, it's fine, it's totally fine. Chapter 23 Notes: Not that I put much stock in it, but my horoscope today reads: "You'll find that music, artwork, or any kind of creative expression is an excellent escape today, so keep your materials or instrument nearby. It doesn't have to be a museum-quality or an award-winning creation -- it just has to be from your heart." This more or less sums up my feelings about this chapter. It didn't come out like I wanted but it is what it is. And I'm soooo sick of looking at it but hey, it's done and now we can move on! Hope it doesn't disappoint! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Rey's nose twitched, the sweet tang of blackcurrant reaching Kylo's nostrils as he watched her raise her glass to her lips and take a long drink. She was perched on the edge of the couch, a vague sliver of light falling between a gap in the curtains from the auditorium beyond. The music played on outside and he slipped his arm around her waist, stroking her hip and pressing a kiss to her ear. “A little warning wouldn't have gone amiss,” she told him and he pouted at her. “Sorry, darling,” he said in a meek voice and Rey narrowed her eyes. “I'm not entirely sure I believe you,” she replied. Kylo let out a chuff of breath and hid his face in her neck. Rey swayed as he slouched against her and took another sip of her drink. “It was very nice,” he murmured against her skin and she quirked a brow. “I'm sure it was,” she said dryly and he squeezed her a little tighter. “You're very nice,” he whispered, kissing her ear. “I should hope so,” she quipped, turning to look at him. Kylo grinned. Her cheeks had a rosy glow and her eyes were lazy with pleasure, her appearance dishevelled even if her general demeanour was somewhat prim. “Aren't you having a good time?” he asked gently, leaning forward a little and tilting his head. “The music is good ,” she said, staring at the bubbles in her glass. “But not the other thing,” Kylo added, quirking a brow. Rey's lashes fluttered and her lip twitched. “You seem to think so,” she quipped, speaking more into her champagne than to him. Kylo smiled and tightened his arms around her, eliciting a little squeak from her as he hauled her back into his lap. “Kylo!” she hissed, glowering at him fiercely. “Darling,” he replied, kissing up her cheek and across her brow. “You're...oh...Kylo!” she complained, squirming in his embrace as the music outside came to a crescendo and the auditorium erupted into a rousing applause. Rey pushed against his shoulder and looked towards the balcony. “Is it over?” she asked, her tone betraying her disappointment “Second interval,” Kylo said, blinking and smacking his lip as he stared at her mouth. “It's long,” Rey commented. “I suppose,” Kylo agreed as she twisted out of his arms and escaped across the room to where the wine stood in its cooler. Rey took hold of the neck of the champagne bottle and jiggled it in the melting ice, clearing her throat. “Aren't you enjoying it?” he asked, rising to his feet and padding after her. “Well I was ,” she told him, peering up at him through her lashes as he took the bottle from her and topped up their glasses. “Yes, sorry about that,” he huffed with a vague smile. Rey sipped her drink and looked at him askance. “No you're not,” she accused and his smile grew. “No I'm not,” he admitted, tucking a stray hair behind her ear. Rey rolled her eyes and shook her head. “You like to torment me, don't you?” she added, setting her glass down and reaching up to tidy her hair. Kylo smirked and twiddled his finger in a curl at the base of her neck as she narrowed her eyes at him accusingly. Adorable, fierce Rey. “You give as good as you get,” he told her playfully. “Hmm,” Rey uttered ponderously, looking him up and down. “Come on duchess,” he quipped, catching her hand and leading her back towards the couch. She tottered along behind him and let him push her down onto the seat. “Try to enjoy yourself won't you?” he urged, digging in his pockets for a smoke. “Are you like this with all your fancy women?” she asked, staring into his silver cigarette case as he held it out to her. Kylo let out a bark of laughter and flicked open his lighter. “What's so funny?” she uttered sulkily, twiddling a cigarette in her fingers. “You are” he said, cupping his hand around her cigarette until it was lit. “What do you mean by that?” she demanded, smoke spilling out of her nose as she spoke. “I don't mean anything by it, darling,” he assured her, lighting a cigarette of his own. Rey's jaw quivered and her fingers tightened around her wineglass. “Oh come on Rey,” he said with a hint of exasperation. “Lighten up a bit won't you?” “Lighten up?” she replied. Kylo sighed and stretched his arm along the back of the couch behind her head. “You know, most women would trip over themselves to get what you have.” She let out a huff of disgust. “I told you, I'm not interested in your money,” she said defiantly. “Doesn't hurt though does it?” Kylo retorted sarcastically, exhaling a smokey breath and staring at the ceiling. “Your arrogance is your least attractive feature,” she muttered, taking a swig of wine. “So you admit I do have some attractive features?” he said with a cheeky grin. Rey frowned and shook her head. “You think you're really something don't you?” she observed. “You know what I think, Rey?” he asked, leaning close to her face and peering down his nose at her mouth. “I think it's easier for you if I'm the villain. If you can tell yourself what a brute I am, how wicked I am to you.” Rey's lashes fluttered and she stared up at him with those impossible brown eyes of hers, her chest rising and falling with shallow, silent breaths. “You are wicked,” she murmured, her voice barely a whisper. Kylo let out a huff of laughter and smiled. “And you like it,” he mocked. Rey shook her head, her nostrils flaring as she stared up at him with accusing eyes. “Doesn't it bother you at all?” “Doesn't what bother me?” he asked, leaning back and puffing on his cigarette, turning to glance through the curtain at the view of the theater beyond. “It's a sin,” Rey told him haughtily. Kylo laughed. “A sin,” he scoffed, running his hand through his hair and swigging back his champagne. “I thought your lot didn't believe in God. Thought you were all atheists.” “Don't make fun of me,” Rey accused, her expression hurt. “Make fun of you?” he sputtered. “Like you make fun of me?” “I don't!” Rey replied defensively. “Oh yes you do,” Kylo told her, narrowing his eyes. “You're doing it right now. Pulling my strings like a marionette.” “I am not!” she insisted, pouting like a child. Kylo clenched his jaw, his nostrils flaring as he exhaled an irritated breath. “Why did you even come if you think I'm so odious,” he growled. Rey gaped at him. “You threatened to break my door down!” she hissed. Kylo cackled derisively. “I was teasing you, oh for god's sake, Rey,” he exclaimed. “It's all just a big joke to you isn't it?” “You know I'm bored of this,” Kylo said, rising abruptly to his feet and striding across the room. “I'm not a monster. I thought you liked me. If you really can't stand me, then let's just put an end to it.” He stubbed his cigarette out with angry little stabs at the ashtray and poured himself another drink. When he looked over at her, Rey was staring with unfocussed eyes at the wall in front of her and her general demeanour was so pathetic that his heart sank. “Rey,” he sighed. “I....I keep telling lies,” she confessed quietly. Kylo's expression softened and he pursed his lips thoughtfully as she spoke. “I keep telling lies to people who love me.” Kylo took a deep breath and let it out slowly. “Rey, let me give you a little bit of advice,” he said eventually, taking a slow step towards her. “As someone who's been around a bit longer than you have.” Rey lifted her chin and looked him in the eye, her lashes fluttering as he spoke and she seemed in that moment heartbreakingly vulnerable. “You'll find, as you get older, that the worst lies are the ones you tell yourself.” Rey blinked and stared up at him, her lips parted as though she was going to speak but no words came out. Kylo swallowed and reached down to stroke the back of his knuckles across her cheek. “You like me,” he said softly. “You like how I make you feel.” “I...excuse me,” she murmured a moment later, rising to her feet and crossing the room to put her cigarette out. Kylo's shoulder's sagged a little and he flopped down onto the spot where she had just been sitting. He took a breath and held it, staring through the curtains and taking a long gulp of his drink to wash away the bitter taste of his frustration. The sound of voices chattering in the auditorium drifted in over the balcony, the thud of footsteps in the corridor muffled by the door. Oh, he was ridiculous, expecting any kind of sense out of a shop girl from Presnya. “You remember when I brought you that coffee,” Rey said after a protracted silence and Kylo turned his slowing towards her, observing as she stared into the ashtray like it was the most fascinating thing she'd ever scene. She pursed her lips and peered down at it, using the butt of her cigarette to squash the little cakes of ash that sat inside. “You said it was awful.” “Well I'm sorry if that hurt your feelings,” Kylo said mildly. “But it was terrible.” Rey smiled shyly and peeked at him for just a second, brushing her hands together and scraping her teeth over her lip. “No, it's not that,” Rey said softly, a faraway looking in her eyes. She gulped and clasped her hands in the sides of her skirt. “Oh it's stupid really,” she said, shaking her head and at the ceiling, the curtain, anywhere but him. “What's stupid?” Kylo replied, rising to his feet and moving closer to set his empty glass down on the side. Rey looked up at him with those innocent brown eyes of her, her lashes fluttering against her cheek and he melted a little. Kylo raised one hand to clasp her arm and cupped her face with the other, stroking his thumb across her cheek. Rey gulped. “Sometimes I feel like....” she began cautiously, blinking slowly. “I feel like we've met before.” Kylo stared at her for a moment, his lips parting as though to speak but no words came out. “There's something about you that's... oh I don't know.” She shook her head and dropped her gaze to his chest as though the buttons on his shirt were suddenly very fascinating. Well she was a dressmaker, maybe they were? “ Huh...” Kylo breathed, lifting his hand to stroke his fingers over the pendant around her neck as her words sank in. “Yes,” he said eventually, looking her right in the eye and nodding. She hummed, a vague, non-committal sound from the back of her throat as his gaze flicked from her eyes to her mouth and back again. When he leaned down to press a kiss to her lips, she didn't push him away, her arms slowly sliding up his chest to curl around his neck and her lips parting beneath his. He squeezed her tight and a bell chimed somewhere in the hallway, the screech of the orchestra tuning up drifting in through the curtain. “ It's starting,” Rey gasped, placing her hands on his shoulders and pulling back. Kylo cupped the back of her head and drew her closer, swallowing hard and breathing in ragged, little pants. “ Let's go back to the hotel,” he suggested breathlessly. Rey exhaled, her throat bobbing and her eyes darting around the room. “ What about the performance?” “We can be alone there,” he added, squeezing her a little tighter. “We're alone right now,” she pointed out and his smile grew more mischievous. “I knew you were wicked,” he told her and she rolled her eyes. “ Oh Kylo.” The final act was well underway by the time he'd coaxed her back into her coat, aided by a few well placed squeezes and as many kisses. Kylo lead her along the empty corridor towards the stairs, his hand clasping hers tightly and the bunch of flowers held against his chest. It was quite an incriminating state of affairs and while he prided himself on being the kind of man not to care about gossip, it was mercifully quiet in the lobby. “Brrr,” she exclaimed as they emerged into the cold night air, shivering and clutching the untouched box of pastila against her chest. She'd made him finish the champagne too, clucking at him like a mother hen about being wasteful and wasn't that just like him. “You need a better coat,” Kylo commented as they walked, hiding a gassy burp beneath his gloved fist and setting a brisk pace as they crossed the square towards the hotel. “What's wrong with my coat?” Rey asked defensively, scowling at him. “Nothing, it's a very nice coat,” Kylo assured her, looking her up and down. And it was a nice coat and clearly very well made, which didn't really surprise him since she was evidently very good at what she did. It was perhaps not quite appropriate for an evening at the theater but he wasn't going to tell her that. Poor, proud Rey probably only owned one coat but she still looked beautiful - if a little mismatched, the hem of her fine gown peeking out beneath her modestly utilitarian outerwear and what was no doubt her best scarf wrapped around her head. “Monsieur bonsoir,” Mr. Popov greeted as they entered the warm lobby. “Mamselle,” he added, giving Rey a polite bow. “Bonsoir,” Rey chirped gently, her lashes fluttering as she tried to hide behind Kylo's broad arm. “Mr. Popov, please have the kitchen send something up to my suite,” Kylo replied smoothly, half dragging Rey up the steps. “Whatever Chef recommends, everything he does is good,” he added blithely hurrying towards the elevator and dragging Rey along with him. “Of course monsieur,” Mr. Popov answered, falling into step beside them. “And wine,” he added, coming to a halt by the elevator and turning to Rey. She observed him with a curious expression as he blew a tiny raspberry around a fluffy frond of white paniculata that stuck up out of the bouquet in his arms and tickled his lips. “You want wine?” he asked softly, peering at her between the blooms. “Uh...I suppose,” she squeaked, blushing furiously as the doors rattled open. “Wine, yes, monsieur,” Mr. Popov interjected following them into the car. “It's fine thank you, Mr. Popov,” Kylo told him, taking hold of the doors and hustling him out again. “I can manage,” he proclaimed, struggling to close them with the flowers in his arms. “Very good, monsieur,” Mr. Popov drawled, smiling broadly and giving another obsequious bow as Kylo tugged the cage shut and closed the door. “Does he...” Rey began but he silenced her with a kiss, squashing her against him and crushing the bunch of flowers in the process. “Kylo, the flowers,” she chided, letting out a huff of amusement at his frustrated growl. “Fuck,” he hissed, dumping them on the ground before dragging her closer and lifting her up. “Oh god,” she sputtered, clinging onto his shoulders. Kylo slobbered up the side of her neck and growled playfully as he chewed on her ear. “Ugh you're disgusting,” she squealed. “I'm starving,” he explained, blowing a raspberry on her neck. “Stupid,” she huffed and the car jolted as it came to a stop. Kylo growled and set her down, yanking open the doors as fast as he could. Rey was stooping to rescue the flowers when his arms went around her waist and she yelped in surprise as she found herself dragged out into the hall. “Kylo, the doors!” He huffed and let her go, spinning on his heel to pull the elevator door shut and drag the gate across the front. It immediately began to shudder, a whirring noise emanating from inside the shaft as it began its descent downwards. “You're deranged,” Rey told him as he prowled back towards her, the flowers and candies clutched against her chest like a shield. Kylo grinned at her, narrowing his eyes wolfishly and she shrieked as he grabbed her and spun her around. “Oh my god!” “I warned you I was mad,” he said as they waddled towards the door, turning in circles and bumping into the wall until eventually his back collided with the heavy wooden door. Champagne on an empty stomach, he mused, a fatal combination. “Yes,” Rey agreed. “You did.” Kylo grinned at her idiotically as he dug into his pocket for the key, scraping the end around the lock haphazardly for a minute unwilling as he was to take his eyes off her. “Oh give it here,” she tutted, letting out a sigh as she plucked it from his hand and slipped it into the lock. Kylo made a face at her and leaned against the door, making a show of falling through it as she turned the handle. “Woah!” he exclaimed, grabbing hold of her and making her stagger. “Lucky I have you here to catch me.” “You're ridiculous,” Rey told him, slithering out of his grip and shuffling across the floor to set the battered looking flowers down on the side. “Mmm hmm,” Kylo agreed, running his eyes over her retreating form and pulling off his hat. He tossed it on the couch and set to work on the buttons of his greatcoat, smiling at her as she turned around and slid her scarf down off her head. She smiled bashfully back, shy again now that they were alone again. Kylo took a deep breath and laid his coat over the back of a chair, setting his gloves down on top before crossing to the fire. It was cleaned and stacked up ready to go, and he glanced over his shoulder at Rey he squatted down beside it. He held his cigarette lighter to the touch paper peeking out beneath the grate and watched with flaring nostrils as the back of her neck was revealed to him. The line of her spine and her shoulder blades appeared as she shrugged her coat sleeves down her arms and a moment later he was beside her. “Thank you,” she said quietly as he reached forward to help, shaking it out and folding it across his arm. Rey was staring up at him, her lashes fluttering and her teeth sinking into her lip for a second until his fingers came to rest under her chin. She closed her eyes, holding her breath as he leaned down to kiss her on the lips, gentler now. “You're beautiful,” he told her and she smiled vaguely. “You said,” she replied and he let out a little huff of breath, stroking his fingers across the pendant around her neck. “I'll take you to another opera,” he promised, setting her coat down and moving a little bit closer. “Will you?” Rey murmured absently, tipping her head back as he leaned down to kiss her. It was a tender thing, for once, his hands closing around her biceps and his eyes slipping shut. The fire snapped, a dim whooshing of air moving in the chimney before the low crackle of the kindling setting to light filled the silence. His touch was slow as he reached around the back of her head and fumbled with the pins in her hair. Rey blinked and leaned against him, peering up at him with wide eyes, lashes fluttering against her cheek as he set them down one by one on the sideboard. He sighed, fluffing his fingers in her hair as it fell down around her shoulders, his lip curling up in a vague smile as he stroked down her neck and along her collarbone. For once Rey was compliant, her arms loose around his neck as they kissed and her fingers idling in the curls on the back of his neck. Her breath was a warm hush against his neck as he leaned closer and reached for the stays on the back of her dress, kissing her shoulder as he loosened them one by one. Bolshy little Rey, milder now somehow but he couldn't pretend he didn't like as much when she was soft as when she was tough. “It's beautiful dress,” she murmured and he nodded, tugging it lightly and watching as it slid from her shoulders to pool around her feet. “I'll keep it for you,” he told her, nudging her nose with his. “Put it with the other one.” “Oh,” Rey breathed as he kissed her again, his hands sliding down beneath the hem of her bloomers to squeeze the soft swell of her behind. Her glorious round behind, he mused, nuzzing her neck. “You still have that?” she asked. “Of course I do,” he said, bending at the knee to scoop her up into his arms. “That dress cost me a lot of money.” It was chilly in the bedroom and she shivered a little bit as he set her down on top of it. The curtains were drawn and the comforter was turned back in expectation of their arrival but Rey didn't seem to notice, dwarfed as she was by the enormous mattress. She looked lost somehow, sat in her underclothes and her little black boots sticking over the edge of the bed. “Are you cold?” he asked gently, peeling off his jacket before squatting down to unlace them. “Little bit,” Rey said meekly and he smiled, tugging one boot off and setting it down. “I'll light the fire,” he told her, rising to his feet and pulling his lighter from his pocket. The small fireplace had obviously been stacked for a while since it had been lit. The paper was damp and slow to catch, blue flames dancing across the kerosene soaked newsprint to lick around the coals. Kylo set his lighter on the mantel and glanced at Rey, working his jaw from side to side and swallowing as he turned to see her pull her other boot off. She dropped it on the floor and looked up at him, her lip twitching in a nervous smile. “You're quiet,” he commented, taking one stockinged foot and rubbing it. “Am I?” Rey murmured and he hummed, smiling gently. “I'm not used to it,” Kylo admitted. “Usually you fight me.” “Do you like me better that way?” she asked and he smiled, a soft, wistful smile. “I like you every way,” he told her, running his gaze over her body. “Huh,” she murmured. In that moment, she seemed diminished somehow. No, not diminished but docile, lamblike. Her underwear was very plain, the white of her corset was gray from over washing and her bloomers were thin and fragile beneath his fingers. She blinked and stared up at him with her big, brown eyes and his breath caught for a moment. Sweet little Rey, he wasn't exactly sure why but he wanted to be very kind to her. “What is it?” she asked and he forced a smile. “You're lovely, that's all,” he told her. “I'm just....taking a good look at you.” “Oh,” she said, the word a fluttering exhalation of breath from between her lips. Her lips. Kylo swooped down and kissed her then, his hands sliding up her thighs to land on her hips. Rey kissed him back, pulled him closer as his thumbs moved in little circles at her waist. She let him lay her back across the mattress, her tongue in his mouth and her legs parting to accommodate his hips between them. She moaned a little bit as his cock pressed against her and he silently cursed the thin layers of fabric between them before cursing himself for his impatience. He had her now, there wasn't any need to rush. “Rey,” he breathed, kissing along the side of her face as his hand stroked over her chest. “You were right you know,” she whispered and he stilled for a moment, pulling back to look at her face. “I wasn't going to come.” She was staring at the ceiling with unfocussed eyes but her hands were in his hair, idly twisting a thick dark lock around her fingers. “I tried not to but then....” She gulped and closed her eyes. “I told myself this was going to be the last time.” Kylo's breath came in shallow, silent pants, his hand coming up to stroke across her face and down along her throat. His jaw quivered and his lip twitched, his nostrils flaring as his hand closed around one breast. “Well then I better get my fill of you while I've got you,” he uttered, his voice low and cracked with desire. Rey looked at him and cupped his face in her hand, the fingers on the other drawing circles against his scalp and her thumb catching on his lower lip. “Yes, I suppose you better,” she whispered. His lashes fluttered and his jaw clenched, quivering really as he ran his gaze over her. Rey kept her eyes shut but that was fine just now. She was meek, submissive and the sight of her made him burn like the crackling kindling that caught in the hearth. Kylo moved his hand lower, over the gentle rise and fall of her chest, bound beneath the starchy fabric of her corset. He dragged his fingertip over the tiny metal clasps as he moved southward, flicking each one with his fingernail until he reached the lace on her knickers. He twisted one digit into it and tugged gently, his nostrils flaring as it came slowly undone. Rey let out a shuddering breath as he hooked his fingers into her bloomers, her hips shifting ever so slightly as he tugged them down. Kylo smiled and peered up at her through his lashes, gratified by the bashful bite of her lip as she kicked them away. She was trembling and Kylo flushed hotly at the sight of her, his cock hard and aching where it pressed against her hip. He kissed her, her hands stroking through his hair for a moment and lingering at his collar. He reached up and tugged on it lightly and Rey let out a puff of breath, reaching up to unknot his tie. It joined her bloomers on the floor, followed shortly by his vest. He watched her face intently as she undid the buttons down his front one by one, smiling at him shyly as she slipped his cufflinks out of his sleeves and slipped them into his hand. “Hold onto those,” she told him with a sweetness that utterly disarming and he hummed, a vague, amused sound. “Yes,” he agreed dopily, holding them in his palm and staring down at her pretty face for a moment. He chewed his lip for a second before grudgingly turning to place them on the bedside table. He sat up on his knees and shucked his shirt down his arms, the fire snapping as Rey lay prone on the bed. She sucked on her fingernail, watching him through long dark lashes that fluttered against cheeks flushed red with a feeling Kylo knew all to well. Impatiently, he tugged his shoes off, gratified by the flare of her nostrils and her hitch of breath as he peeled his white under-shirt over his head. “Come here,” he urged catching her hand and tugging her gently to a sitting position. Rey scurried eagerly closer as he sat on his knees and put his hand on her waist. Rey didn't meet his eye, her interest apparently elsewhere and when he pulled her into his lap, she squeaked. “Kylo,” she uttered but he silenced her with a kiss. She returned it eagerly, her nails flexing lightly against his skin for a moment before they began to wander across the contours of his chest. He was hard as a rock beneath her but he took a deep breath and focussed instead on loosening the buttons that held her stockings in place. Rey didn't seem to be paying attention, stroking her hands across his body and just... staring . Kylo pressed a kiss to her temple and smirked into her brow. Yes - she liked him. He kissed along her brow and down her nose, nudging his own against it as his hands stroked across her front with broad, firm movements and when his fingers found the topmost stay on her corset, she closed her eyes. Her breath was damp against his cheek as his hands moved lower and slowly, torturously, the soft skin beneath was revealed to him. Her small breasts were warm and soft in his hands, the hard points of her nipples rubbing deliciously against his palms. He stroked downward, following the curve of her hip and rubbing his thumbs over her thighs as he looked at the small patch of shadowy fuzz between them. Sliding his hand around her back, he squeezed her ass and pulled her closer, his cock pressing up between her legs and making her breath hitch. Kylo kissed her then, a hungry, devouring kind of kiss. Her nails scraped up and down his back, across his neck and into his hair. His own hands did the same, thick fingers dragging firmly over the muscles in her back so that she sighed in pleasure. She moaned into his mouth, her hips sliding ever so slightly back and forth across the lump in his pants. He grunted, tugging on her hair to expose her neck to his ravenous mouth. She was soft, compliant as he dug his fingers into her backside and squeezed her tight and when his lips closed around the hard point of one nipple, she moaned. His breath was damp and warm where his face was pressed against her, one small hand on the back of his head and the other sliding down between his shoulder blades in approval. He hummed in delight as he pressed the flat of his tongue across her skin, sucking her nipple between his lips and scraping his teeth gently across it. Rey gasped, the muscles in her back tensing as her spine arched towards him. Kylo closed his eyes, his hand sliding around her front to knead one breast while his mouth took its fill of the other. Her breath was ragged in his ear, stuttering little whimpers tumbling from her throat as he lavished her body with kisses. Long wet licks, the hot swipe of his tongue against her skin driving him mad with want. His cock throbbed between them, his pants restrictive and uncomfortable. Growing impatient, Kylo laid her out across the mattress and captured her lips in a kiss. Rey made a pathetic, needy kind of sound that drove him half mad with desire and he plundered her mouth, their hands tangling together as they fumbled with the buttons on his fly. Catching himself on his hand, Kylo peered down at her as his cock sprang free, panting heavily as her fingers closed around the hard length of it. He gulped and met her eye, her lashes fluttering bashfully and her teeth sinking into her lower lip as slowly, cautiously, she began to stroke him up and down. A low, breathless moan issued from his chest, her hand coiling in a fist around his cock and squeezing gently. It throbbed mercilessly, moisture leaking out of him and into her palm so that each caress of her hand along his hard length making him ache. She was gorgeous, spread out beneath him in only her stockings and her dark hair fanned out across the sheets. He ran his eyes over her, downward to the shadowy place between her legs and swallowed hard at the sight of it. With one firm palm on her thigh, he urged her legs apart, the other hand coming to join the first as he brushed he thumbs upward over the soft folds of her pussy. She was wet, her thighs quivering enticingly and when he parted the fuzz covered lips of her sex she closed her eyes and whimpered. Oh, sweet little Rey, he mused, the furrow between her brow spurring him on as much as the slippery pink slit that appeared between her thighs. He exhaled raggedly, his thumb circling her clit for a moment before he slipped one finger inside. Rey gasped, her hands fisting in the bed sheets as he pressed deeper, first one finger and then two. The sound was obscene in the best possible way and he growled, clenching his jaw as his leaking cock twitched jealousy. She was impossibly warm and soft inside, her cunt clenching tightly around his fingers and it was as much as he could do to refrain from just ramming himself inside of her right then. No, no, not yet - he was going to tease her a little bit first. Pushing his pants down, he took a hold of his cock and dragged it up and down the length of her, relishing her wanton moans and smiling devilishly. “Is that what you want, mmm?” he asked, catching her cheek in his palm and turning her face towards him. Rey peered up at him with a stricken look on her face, her breath catching in her throat as his erection nudged her clit. He felt her twitch, wetness seeping across the head of his cock and making him shiver. “Darling Rey,” he murmured, stroking his fingers over her mouth. Rey whimpered as he pressed the same two fingers that had been inside her between her lips. She blinked, gazing up at him wide eyed as she cradled his fingers on her tongue and her feeble moan pulled a lascivious purr from his throat. His hardness nudged against her, teasing but never penetrating and Rey screwed her face up, groaning in displeasure. Shamelessly, she spread her legs wider and wrapped them around his waist, urging, pleading. Kylo's smile grew, his fingers slipping from her lips to trail wetly down her chin until his hand closed gently around her neck. She was panting, the epitome of licentiousness as she lay trembling beneath him. Her breasts trembled with each ragged breath and the muscles in her stomach twitched enticingly. Oh she was lovely and he would never be sorry for this. “Kylo,” she implored, straining up a way towards him until he pushed her back down with the hand around her throat. He felt her gulp beneath his palm, her submission in that moment almost as erotic to him as the promise of burying himself in her warm pussy. He thought of her defiance, of every belligerent jibe from the same mouth that now whispered his name in pleading tones. “Kylo,” she breathed again. He smile wickedly but he wasn't cruel, not in his heart. He leaned closer and kissed her, a slow slide of his tongue against hers as her fingers buried themselves in his hair and a moment later his cock followed suit. Rey gasped, the sound going right through him to touch in a place deep in his core and as the broad head of his erection pressed inside of her, he could not contain the moan of delight that fell from his lips. It was divine, that slick, snug heat. She clenched, her back arching off the bed and her eyes tight shut as he sank deeper. He couldn't have told who groaned the loudest, but Rey's arms wrapped around his body as he drew back only to thrust deeply once more. He rocked his hips, her soft cunt gripping him warmly on the downstroke only to clench around him possessively on the up. It made his eyes roll back in his head, pleasure like a thread being teased out from somewhere deep within him. She seemed to like it, her head thrown back and her breath a series of stuttering gasps and lascivious moans. Kylo grit his teeth, repressing the urge to just rut mindlessly against her, opting instead to press his palms against her thighs. Rey whimpered as he folded her legs up over her body, leaning on one outstretched arm as pulled out of her almost completely. She had her eyes closed, one hand clutching at the bedsheet for dear life while the nails of the other dug into his shoulder to leave little half moons in his skin. Kylo exhaled raggedly, sliding slowly into her, thick and long and deeper than he'd been before. Rey gasped, her eyes flying open and her jaw dropping wide. “Oh my god,” she sobbed, her brow furrowing up so much that he thought she was going to cry but then her pussy clenched hard and her sob turned into a moan. Kylo stared down between her legs with wide eyes, certain his expression must be as feral as hers was wanton. He held his breath, his eyes narrowing with pleasure as he watched his cock disappear inside of her tight cunt once more, her breathless sigh a symphony to his ears. He smiled, a deranged and idiotic smile as his balls tucked softly against the curve of her ass. It was delicious, it was divine, the slow in and out of it, the sordid wet slick of it. Bracing himself with both arms, he splayed his palms out on either side of her head and began to roll his hips in a smooth, steady rhythm. When he peered down at her, her eyes were wide as they roved his body, her hands coming to rest on his biceps as her ankles rested neatly on his shoulders. Oh it was too good, the way she was spread open for him, trapped beneath him like some perfect living doll made just for his pleasure. “Rey, Rey, Rey,” he chanted, closing his eyes and revelling in the soft steady cries that fell from her lips. “Oh you're so wicked,” she babbled, her back arching off the bed and her nails scratching wildly down his arms as she tried to get purchase. “Oh you're bad!” Her words made his balls clench tight, his hips snapping against her harder now, erratic, sloppy. Yes she liked that he was wicked, liked the wicked thing that he did to her. The mattress was soft, the springs squeaking indecently as he ground her into the bedclothes and when he opened his eyes, he shuddered with pleasure as he saw her finger working furiously against her clit. “Oh yes,” he gasped, watching on with approving eyes as she touched herself. “Oh sweet girl, oh look at me,” he implored, his heart swelling up as she met his gaze with a long, loud moan. She was limp then, boneless even and he knew by now what that meant. Her sweet little cunt fluttered around him, a sleepy, feckless expression on her beautiful face. Oh and he loved to be the one to make her feel that way, to show her what her body was made for, to show her that they were meant for this. He choked, that thread inside of him pulling suddenly taut and pleasure surging outward from the base of his spine. He hissed, clenching his teeth and squeezing his fist around his cock hard enough to hurt and it was just enough, just one brief moment for him to slip out of her warm little cunt. He groaned, a loud, depraved sound as he watched, the wet smack of his cock sliding out of her spurring on his climax. He let the fist around his cock take her place, pumping himself furiously and moaning as thick white ropes cascaded from the swollen head to land across her thighs. His heart pounded hard in his chest, like a bowstring quivering after the arrow's been loosed and he gasped, his lungs protesting as he struggled to catch his breath. Rey was still spread open beneath him, his milky white seed clinging to her skin, opalescent speckles that glinted brightly against the dark hair between her legs. Kylo swallowed, his head spinning as he watched one long teardrop wend its way down between the swollen folds of her cunt. It felt mocking somehow and he grimaced at the unhappy emotion that took up residence in his chest. “Kuh....muh...” Rey sputtered, her eyes narrowed to slits and her chest heaving. Kylo exhaled and sank down on top of her, kissing her sloppily on the mouth for a moment before his face sank into the crook of her neck. Her sigh was soft in his ear, her arms coiling around his shoulders and the fire warm against his skin. It was better now, her body was soft and her embrace comforting. The room was quiet but for the sound of their heavy breath, his heartbeat pounding in his ear and his body drained of any will to move. He was dimly aware of a knock on the door outside, the dinner, he thought absently, slouching to one side and pulling Rey close as he closed his eyes and for a little while, there was nothing. Notes: UGH! This trash! Tsk. So from here on, this fic stops being all that Dr.Zhivago-ey, but that's fun for me because that story is SO depressing. And we'll be smut light for a few chapters now because I'm just burned out, and I imagine Kylo and Rey's genitals are feeling likewise abused. And hopefully there won't be so many 8k chapters in future because they slay me! But fear not, we still have all the glorious fluff and angst to look forward to! Thanks again for being super awesome with all your lovely reviews, it means so much! SMOOCH! Chapter 24 Notes: Приветствую любителей лестничные! (Greetings stair lovers). In Russia they call Father Christmas (Santa), Father Frost, or Ded Moroz in Russki. He's helped out by his granddaughter Snegurochka! The Baroness Phasima Mikhailova makes an appearance but honestly, she's more Gwen Christie inspired than Captain Phasma. Thanks to Alikssepia for Russian Christmas advice, to Elwyngirlie for unending patience and moral support and dedicated to LittleManicMonday in honor of her birthday! Happy Birthday! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Rey stamped her feet and shoved her hands into her armpits, her lashes fluttering as an errant snowflake drifted into her eye. She blinked it away and stared into Finn's imploring eyes. “Please?” he squeaked in a high pitch voice, a pleading pout twisting his lips. “Oh no,” Rey had said, shaking her head vigorously. “No way am I going in there.” Finn let out a dejected huff and his shoulders sagged. “I'll go with you!” Jess volunteered, stepping closer and grabbing his hand. Relief washed over Rey as Jess dragged him up the steps, the glimmer of disappointment in his eye turning to glee. He smiled at her as they hovered by the toll booth and Rey smiled back, repressing a shiver of distaste. A labyrinth of mirrors was not her idea of a good time. “I don't blame you Rey,” Poe said, leaning over her shoulder and speaking right into her ear. “They mess with my head. Suffocating.” “Yeah,” Rey breathed, quirking a lip at him as she met his eye. “We won't be long!” Finn assured them as they paid their admission, waving as he and Jess disappeared inside. Rey raised a sceptical brow. “Take your time!” Poe called congenially. Rey observed his face with suspicion as she watched his cheery smile morph into something decidedly more wicked. “Come on you!” he commanded, grabbing her hand and dragging her away. “Come on you what?” she sputtered as her feet slapped against the sludgy ground. Poe lead her along a make shift avenue of stalls daubed with iced gingerbread and brightly colored candied fruits on strings. Lights twinkled all around them, sleighbells jingling as a mud streaked boy led a miniature pony in a ludicrous feathered headdress along the slushy path, dragging two red faced urchins in a decorative sleigh behind. People skated on the frozen ponds and in the distance was a large carousel of painted horses, their deranged smiles and wild eyes leering at them as they bobbed up and down and around and around. A steam organ decorated with festive figurines churned out a cheery tune and the air was thick with the smell of wood smoke and cinnamon. It was near as damn it Christmas and Moscow was in a festive mood. “I saw you,” Poe told her conspiratorially as they turned a corner and Rey froze. “What are you talking about?” Rey stammered, a shiver working its way down her spine as she stared up at him with wide eyes. “It's all right, I was thinking the exact same thing, ” Poe chuckled, moving close behind her and ushering towards the counter of a small wooden booth. “Two please,” he said, addressing the server and plonking a fifty kopek note on the counter. “Oh,” Rey said, a smile spreading on her face as she observed the server lift the wooden lid and and spicy scented steam wafted towards her nose. She cast her eye around at the hot pies and sticky sweet treats being stuffed between gluttonous lips and supposed that really a glass of mulled wine was the least of her sins. “Better than the hall of mirrors,” Poe grinned, passing her a cup and she found herself unable to disagree. “Cheers.” “Cheers,” Rey replied, taking a moment to inhale the aromatic steam and sighing with delight. Poe was looking at her fondly and she smiled, taking a cautious sip and casting her eye over a faint yellow bruise that lingered under his eye. “What happened?” she asked softly. Poe stared into his cup and smiled. “Your fiance,” he said, taking a sip. “Oh,” Rey uttered, paling slightly. “Oh,” Poe agreed. Rey licked her lips and took a drink of her wine, glancing about the fairground as a silence settled over them. She squinted into the distance, scowling as between the huts she saw a bear dancing in lumbering steps before a crowd of cackling onlookers. She blinked, her eyes taking in the chains on its legs and the criss iron of the muzzle on its nose. “Horrible isn't it?” Poe commented. “That poor thing,” she agreed. “Sometimes I think that's us,” Poe said, staring at the bear with a strange look on his face. Rey glanced back at the woeful creature as it turned around, its big brown eyes sad, almost like inside there was nothing there. “You think things are really that bad?” she asked. Poe sighed. “Well not tonight at least,” he said, giving her a crooked smile. “Happy Christmas Rey.” Rey blinked and smiled at him, clinking her cup against his once more. “Happy Christmas Poe,” she replied. Across the city, Kylo found himself wishing for a stiff wind to clear the smog and steam from the crowded platform. The great engine hissed, train doors clunking heavily and the screech of whistles making his ears ache. He frowned, peering over the swarm of bodies that bustled around the turnstile and squinting into the distance. “There she is,” he uttered, tapping Marek on the arm and squeezing through the emerging bodies. “Phas!” At the far end a statuesque figure turned, a smile sliding across the familiar face that was revealed from beneath the rim of her hat. Kylo smiled back, hurrying closer and holding her bright blue eyes all the way down the platform. “Ben!” she crowed as he took hold of her and planted kisses on her cheeks. “You made it!” he said with a grin. “Finally,” she replied, peering over his shoulder. “Hello Marek.” “Baroness,” Marek said, doffing his cap and bowing a little. “You look gorgeous,” Kylo told her, holding her by the hips and casting his eye up and down her fur trimmed coat. “Thank you,” she replied sweetly. “What's this nonsense?” she added, clasping his chin and shaking his head a little. “Not growing a beard are you?” Kylo pulled back and stroked his stubbly chin with a wounded expression. “I forgot to shave is all,” he mumbled bashfully and Phasima nodded, her lips quirked in a disbelieving pout. “Well nice to know you made an effort,” she chided. “How long on are you planning on staying?” Kylo exclaimed, releasing her from his embrace and taking a step towards the enormous stack of cases and boxes that stood behind her. “Did you bring the kitchen sink?” “They're Christmas presents,” she said with a shrug, batting her lashes at him and smiling sweetly. Kylo held her gaze for a moment, her long blonde curls tumbling down her shoulder and her hips shimmying as she clip clopped a little closer. Ridiculous, gorgeous Phas. “This one's for you,” she added, tapping an enormous wooden crate. “I love you,” he told her with a wide eyed grin. “Hmm mmm, you better,” Phas replied, flashing him a smile of brilliant white teeth. “I'm glad I've got you on your own,” Poe said as they ambled around the skating rink, the scrape of skates on the ice in their ears. “Oh?” Rey replied, swinging her arms back and forth and shivering a little. Poe came to a halt and stuffed his hands in his pockets, clearing his throat. “I ah...look I wanted to....” he continued, chewing his lip and letting out a despondent sigh. “I know things have been strange lately.” Rey ran her tongue across her teeth and stared at the frayed end of his scarf. “Not strange...awful.” “I suppose that's a fair assessment,” Rey agreed absently. “And I wanted to apologize,” Poe said, stepping a little closer and looking her in the eye. “Is that what all this is about?” she asked, looking him in the eye. “What's what about?” Poe asked and Rey repressed the urge to roll her eyes. “All this,” she said, gesturing vaguely at the fairground. “You're not exactly Father Frost, you know.” Poe looked sheepish and gave a mild shrug. “I just wanted to do something nice that's all,” he explained. “The three of us together, like old times.” “The four of us you mean,” Rey corrected and Poe coughed. “Huh....yeah.” Rey sighed. “You know she really likes you,” she told him in a warning tone. “And I like her too,” Poe insisted. Rey regarded him sceptically. “Like that?” she asked and he gulped. Rey sighed. “Oh you shouldn't lead her on Poe.” “I don't mean to,” he protested awkwardly. “And I think she's great.” Rey sighed. “I tried to warn her off you,” she admitted. “Oh yeah?” “She accused me of being jealous.” “Jealous?” Poe said with a chuckle and Rey shrugged, smiling softly. “Poor Jess,” she uttered, shaking her head. “Poor Jess?” Poe groused. “What about me?” He grinned and gestured at the fading bruise on his face. “Are you sure you didn't deserve it?” Rey asked with mock seriousness. “He's just jealous is all,” Poe said, grabbing her and pulling her close. “Jealous?” Rey gasped. “Cause I'm better looking and he knows it,” he told her and Rey shook her head. “Oh my god,” she scoffed and Poe chuckled. “Come on,” he said, catching her hand and flashing her a charming smile. “Let's make them both jealous!” “So I'm banished to a hotel room this year?” Phas asked, peering out of the carriage window as Kylo lit them cigarettes. “Thought the Baron-well-born didn't approve of you staying with me,” he began, swaying as the car lumbered awkwardly on, weighed down as it was by Phasima's mountain of cases. “Not after all that fuss last time.” “Can't you call him by his name Ben?” Phas complained, peeling off her glove and accepting the cigarette from him. “I'll call him by his name when he apologizes to me,” Kylo sulked, leaning back in his seat and glancing out of the window. Phasima tutted and blew a cloud of smoke from between her red lips. “You're not still sulking about the wedding are you?” she chided. “Honestly Ben, you're just like your mother.” “ I am not, ” Kylo gasped indignantly. “We didn't want to make a fuss that's all,” she said. “It was just us and the witness at the magistrate's office. We didn't invite anyone.” “I could have been your witness,” he groused. “For that you'd have had to come back to St. Petersburg,” Phasima pointed out. Kylo snorted. “I don't know why you had to marry him anyway,” he uttered. “I'm sure he only wants your money.” Phasma sighed and rolled her eyes. “ I want my money, Ben,” she reminded him. “Or have you forgotten what my father is like?” “Oh no, I haven't forgotten,” he assured her, tugging on his tie. “I don't know why you're so against Alex anyway,” she added. “I mean, it's not every husband let's his wife have Christmas off.” Kylo smiled. “Well you can't just leave me on my own,” he whined. Phas quirked a brow. “Last year was miserable.” “You could always go to your mother's,” she suggested. “Oh don't start that again,” he complained, turning his face back to the window. “ What is that? ” Jess asked, wrinkling her nose at the fuzzy brown blob in Rey's hand as the four of them regrouped beneath the tall Christmas tree. “It's a coconut,” Rey told her with a smile. “Poe won it for me.” “Did he now?” Finn growled, glaring at his friend. Poe glanced at Rey with a smirk on his face. “Pff what kind of prize is a coconut anyway?” Finn asked, taking it from her and tossing it in the air. “Well at least we can play with it,” Poe said, smacking it out of Finn's hand and hopping on one leg as he caught it on his foot. “It was this or a goldfish.” “Hey, I want to eat that!” Rey complained. “Hey-yah!” Poe grumbled as she shoved him and tried to grab the coconut, throwing it over her head instead. Finn jumped up and caught it, grinning at Rey mischievously as she spun to face him. “Give it here!” she demanded and he chuckled wickedly, throwing it over her head back to Poe. “Oh, you pig!” “You're the piggy,” Poe told her, making a face as she tried to grab the coconut from him. “Charming isn't he?” Jess commented, crossing her arms over her chest as she watched the spectacle in front of her. “I hate you both,” Rey huffed, jumping up in a futile effort to retrieve her prize as Finn and Poe guffawed in amusement. “Oh you love it,” Poe mocked, grabbing her and swinging her around as she shrieked. “ Oh this is lovely,” Phasima sighed as they entered his suite – or rather, her suite for the next week. Kylo observed with pride as she scurried towards the Christmas tree with a gleeful expression. “Oh Ben! It's simply darling!” “Glad you approve,” he said, stepping out of the way as the porters shuffled in with her cases. “I thought we'd have Christmas dinner here,” he explained. “Unless you want Marek to poison you.” “Alright,” she agreed, wandering to the window to admire the view. Kylo hovered beside the large crate he had seen at the station. “Hmm,” he mused, running his hand along it. “So this is for me you say?” “Tsk, tsk,” Phas scolded, batting his hands away. “Wait till tomorrow.” “Oh can't I have it now?” he implored, giving her a puppy face. Phas shook her head and pushed him towards the sideboard. “Pour me a drink,” she commanded, shuffling back to the door to stuff ruble notes into the hands of the departing help. “So bossy,” Kylo grumbled pouring brandy into two low balls. “Where are you sleeping?” Phas inquired, peering through the bedroom door. “Well....,” he began thoughtfully. “I suppose it depends how drunk we get.” Phas chuckled. “I thought you didn't want a scandal?” she commented, moving closer and accepting the brandy from his outstretched hand. Kylo chuckled and clinked his glass against hers. “There's no-one I'd rather be scandalous with than you,” he told her and Phas smiled ever wider. “Well you needn't think you'll be spending every waking moment with me,” she warned. “I've got people to see while I'm here.” “Your fancy men,” he teased, slinging his arm around her waist and pulling her into an embrace. “If you like,” Phasma crooned, stroking her finger down his tie. Kylo chuckled and kissed her cheek. “I missed you,” he told her, setting his glass down and wrapping her in a hug. “I missed you too,” she said, leaning her head against his shoulder and squeezing him tight. The organ churned cheerfully on and the sound of cartwheels over cobbles mingled with the babbling water as the Moscow River rushed by below. Rey and Jess were seated close together, their arms linked as they swung their legs over the side of the wall and shared a cigarette. “This is nice,” Jess said, eyeing the cigarette closely. “Not your usual brand.” “Christmas treat,” Rey explained with a vague cough, taking it from her and puffing on it idly. “Give me your house key,” Poe told Finn, gripping the coconut in his palm and waving at him. “You can't open a coconut with a key,” Jess said with a mocking scowl. “It's a nut not a door.” “Actually it's a fruit,” Finn corrected. “Actually it's neither,” Rey informed him smugly. Jess rolled her eyes and snatched the cigarette from her hand. “Here,” Poe said as Finn shuffled closer, handing him his keys. “See these marks on the top?” Rey leaned in and watched as he jabbed two of the eyes with the end of Finn's key. “See, now we can drink the milk. Here Rey, you go first.” Rey unhooked her arm from Jess and took it from him, turning it around and eyeing it cautiously. Poe shuffled closer and waggled his brows encouragingly. “Go on,” he urged. Rey lifted it to her lips and after a moment's hesitation, tipped it up. “Ugh!” she cried, swallowing with a grimace and shoving the coconut away. “That's disgusting.” “Oh,” Poe chuffed with a disappointed frown. She didn't protest as he plucked it from her outstretched hand. “Ugh yuck!” he sputtered, spinning on his heel and spitting all over the floor. “That's rancid.” “Let's see inside,” Finn said, taking it from him and proceeding to smash it against the wall. Rey flinched at the loud clatter of the coconut against the bricks but couldn't help from leaning closer to peer at the contents as it finally burst apart. “Ooh,” Jess said, intrigued as the white flesh was revealed. “This is the part you eat,” Finn told them sagely as he passed it around. Rey frowned and raised it to her mouth, scraping her teeth against the stiff coconut meat that lined the broken shell. Finn blew a raspberry, spitting out a long strand of coconut hair and frowning. “It's horrible,” Jess sputtered, smacking her lips. Rey turned to her and nodded, her expression one of equal displeasure. “It's like....I can't decide if it's like eating wood or soap,” Finn said, grimacing in distaste. “Or both,” Poe said, turning and throwing his piece of coconut into the river. “Yeah sorry about that Rey.” Rey shrugged and slid off the wall, giving him a smile as she came to a stop beside him. “It's alright,” she told him mildly before swinging her arm and throwing her piece in after his. “Something for the fishes instead.” “Monsieur Ren, Baronness,” Mr. Popov cooed as Phasima opened the door, bowing lightly and ushering two diminutive figures in Metropol uniforms inside. “Some items have been delivered for you Monsieur Ren.” “Boris,” Kylo drawled, narrowing his eyes at the familiar face that entered behind the maitre d'hotel and prowling closer with his hands on his hips. “Monsieur,” Boris replied. Kylo could not repress the smirk of amusement that spread across his face, observing as Boris and his companion set down a number of boxes inside the door. To his credit, Boris straightened his spine and puffed out his adolescent chest, holding Kylo's gaze without faltering. “ Oh Ben, you're such a.... man ,” Phasma complained, stepping between them. “Hello,” she said pleasantly, flashing Boris a charming smile. “Madame,” Boris rasped, blushing with equal parts adoration and intimidation as she towered over him, all red lips and round bosoms and tumbling blonde curls. “Is he a brute to you Boris?” she asked sweetly. “Don't fall for it, Phas,” Kylo urged, moving her bodily aside and looming over the boy. “This one's a real Casanova.” “Oh yes I can imagine,” Phas teased, stroking Boris' cheek. “Very handsome.” Boris flushed red as a beet and Kylo chuckled maliciously. “You're a terrible flirt, Baroness,” he drawled in her ear as Mr. Popov dragged the stuttering Boris out of the door. “Are these all for me?” she asked, turning away from him and wiggling her fingers in the air above the gift wrapped boxes stacked inside the door. “No, you're getting coal,” Kylo uttered, barging her out of the way and picking one up. “And anyway, if I have to wait so do you,” he added, turning to place the wrapped box under the tree. “Oh my,” she gasped. “This is nice.” He turned back to see her digging around in one of the boxes, a wistful expression on her face as her fingers sank into the soft fur inside. Kylo gulped and hurried back, pushing the cover back down and tutting. “That's not for you,” he hissed, pulling the box out of reach. “O-oh,” Phas commented curiously, rising to her feet. “Something you want to tell me?” “Not. Really,” Kylo replied, carrying the box to the sideboard and setting it down on top. “Oh come on,” she said, shuffling after him and half pinning him against the counter. “Who is she?” “No-one,” Kylo blustered and Phasima clucked disapprovingly. “She's clearly not no-one if you're sending her mink. It is mink isn't it?” Kylo huffed, his nostrils flaring as he held her gaze and attempted to transmit his displeasure with this line of questioning through his stare. “Phasima,” he warned and she pouted. “Fine,” she huffed, turning away. “But I don't know why you're being so cagey. It's not like I'm going to tell your mother.” She quirked a brow. “Or your wife.” “Oh don't bring her up,” he complained, brushing his hair out of his face and prowling across the room to retrieve his half drunk glass of brandy. “Hmm,” Phas hummed, slinking back to the counter and opening the box. “It's a beautiful coat,” she commented, stroking her fingers across the soft fur. “She's a beautiful girl,” he mumbled, refilling his glass and taking a long drink. “You're not in love are you Ben?” she teased, closing the box and leaning against the cabinet. “I wouldn't say that,” he replied, lighting a cigarette. “Of course you wouldn't,” Phas agreed. “Did you have a nice time?” Finn asked, his hand in hers as they ambled along the river in search of the streetcar. “Yeah,” Rey told him, watching on with affectionate eyes as he gnawed on a string of brightly colored candied fruits. “No thanks,” she said as he offered her some. “So you and Poe?” he said after a minute. Rey pursed her lips and schooled her face into a passive mask. “Are fine,” she finished and Finn nodded. “We had words,” he explained around a mouthful of sweets. “Words?” Rey replied, narrowing her eyes at him a little. “I made him see the error of his ways,” Finn continued, squeezing her hand and leaning a little closer. Rey took a deep breath and smiled wanly. “It doesn't matter now,” she said, her gaze drifting over the smoggy Moscow sky. “No I suppose not,” Finn mused, swinging her arm back and forth a little as they walked on. “So you're coming to Grisha's tomorrow?” “Grisha?” Rey said with a frown. “His anti-Christmas dinner?” Finn said with a teasing smile. “Didn't Jess tell you?” Rey scowled. “No,” she replied drably. “She didn't.” “Well, you've been busy lately,” he commented. “We've hardly seen you.” “I've got a lot on that's all,” she insisted with a cough. “Maz hasn't been well.” “I know, it's okay,” Finn assured her with a bright grin. Rey looked him in the eye, her lips turning in more a grimace than a smile and she shivered as a cold pang of guilt twisted in her gut. “So you're coming?” “Oh Finn,” she sighed. “I....I can't.” “Oh,” he replied, visibly deflating. “It's Christmas,” Rey explained. “You know I always spend it with Maz.” “Jess is coming,” he told her hopefully. Rey cast her eye towards her friend. “Is she now?” she commented. “Hmm,” Finn replied. “And Grisha's made a vodka marrow!” he added with a waggle of his brows, as though the prospect of drinking cheap homebrew might be enough to tempt her. “Delightful,” Rey said with a grimace. “Yeah,” Finn murmured before the pair fell silent once more. “You can come for Christmas dinner if you like,” she suggested. “You know you're always invited.” Finn's lashes fluttered and he smiled. “Is Maz baking?” he asked hopefully and Rey grinned. “Yeah,” she said and he smiled back. “Suppose you're off to church,” Finn probed and Rey licked her lips. “Well,” she uttered, lashes fluttering. “It's tradition.” “Yeah,” Finn mumbled, his tone expressing no strong opinions either way. Rey took a deep breath and held it for a moment before letting out slowly. “Well there's always new year,” she said, attempting to project a cheeriness she did not quite feel. “Yes,” Finn said emphatically, smiling once more. “Yeah,” Rey agreed, turning her face back to the river as the pair walked on . “Do you want another drink?” Kylo asked, turning the wine bottle around in his hand. “No thank you, I think I've had enough,” Phasima replied, leaning her head in her hand and peering up at him with sleepy eyes. Kylo smiled and set it back on the table, taking in her dark rimmed eyes and smiling at her wanly. “You've had a long day,” he agreed. “I'm surprised I've lasted this long to be honest,” she said, taking a deep breath and sitting back in her chair. “You're getting old, Phas,” Kylo teased and she let out a huff of amusement. “And you're such a spring chicken,” she quipped. “You've got gray hairs.” “I haven't?” he gasped, reaching up to his head. “Your face, Ben,” she mocked, tossing her napkin onto the table and cackling. Kylo coughed and smoothed his hair down over his ears, narrowing his eyes at her as she rose from the table. “Now, it's not that I'm sick of the sight of you,” she told him as she moved closer. “Except that I am.” “You need your beauty sleep,” Kylo said and she quirked a brow. “We can't all be as perfect as you,” she told him, cupping his jaw. “Ha, ha,” he drawled, nodding his head and rising to his feet. Phas shuffled after him as he went to retrieve his coat, tugging it over his shoulders and adjusting the lapels as he dug into the pockets for his gloves. “It's good to have you here, Phas,” he told her as she fastened the buttons down his front. Phasima smiled. “Glad to hear it,” she replied, slipping her arms around his neck and giving him a squeeze. Kylo held her close and stroked his hands slowly up and down her back. “Don't stay away so long next time,” he sighed. “You could always come back to St.Petersburg you know,” she said, stroking his hair. “I can't,” Kylo rasped, hiding his face in her neck. “Not while she's there.” “So you're just going to hide away in Moscow forever?” she asked, pulling back and stroking his cheek. Kylo sighed. “I should have married you,” he told her mournfully. “Oh Ben,” Phas said with a sad smile. He pulled her close once more. “We'd have been fine,” he told her. “You know I'd have let you be you.” “Yes, I know” Phas agreed, rubbing the pad of her thumb over his lip. “We could have had a couple of kids,” he added sincerely. “That would have been fun.” Phas made a face and looked him up and down. “Hmm if you like that sort of thing,” she quipped and he waggled his brows. “I'd have made you like it,” he assured as she slithered out his arms. “I'm sure your wonderful at it, darling,” she told him as she opened the door. “But you're not exactly my type.” “Hello my love,” Maz greeted as Rey entered the attic. It was dark now, afternoon turned to evening and the chill winter night settling in. “You had fun?” “Yeah,” Rey chirped, peeling off her scarf. “Brought you something.” “Oh yes,” Maz said sweetly, setting down her mixing bowl and brushing her hands on her apron. “Gingerbread,” Rey told her with a grin, handing her a small brown tablet pressed with a festive pattern. “Oh bless you,” Maz said, giving her a kiss. Rey folded her scarf over the back of a chair and peeled off her coat. “Have I got you to myself tonight then?” Maz inquired mildly as Rey sat down to unlace her boots. “You have,” she said, jiggling her heel and letting out a huff of frustration. “Oh pih....pelmeni!” she muttered, catching herself before some dreadful profanity tumbled out of her mouth. “What is it?” Maz asked as she stowed the gingerbread inside a tin and slid it onto the shelf. “My heel's coming loose.” “Oh dear,” Maz said soothingly. “Stop into Iankov's on your way home tomorrow. Get him to put a nail in it.” “Hmm,” Rey agreed, turning her boot over in her hands and casting her eye over the well worn leather. She set it down and loosened the laces around her other ankle, staring into the fire and wondering if she couldn't just get a new pair. They could afford it now, couldn't they? “Are you well, Rey?” Maz asked, turning back to her half kneaded bread dough. “I'm alright,” she sighed. “Got a bad tummy that's all.” “Hmm,” Maz observed. “Something you ate?” “Maybe,” she murmured. “Poe won a coconut,” she explained, staring into the fire. “That's nice,” Maz commented. “It was disgusting,” Rey told her, throwing a grin over her shoulder before stretching her arms up and cracking her spine. “I think it was off.” Maz chuckled. “Well I hope it won't spoil your Christmas dinner,” she said, coming to sit in the chair opposite. Rey smiled softly as she sat down before gazing back into the hearth. “Something on your mind, child?” Maz asked after a minute. “Oh, not really,” Rey replied. “Just a bit tired.” “You've been burning the candle at both ends,” Maz told her, a hint of disapproval in her tone. Rey held her breath and forced a smile. “I was thinking,” Rey said brightly, changing the subject. “About that money in the bank.” “Yes,” Maz uttered, leaning forward to prod at the fire. “I was wondering if maybe we shouldn't buy a new sewing machine,” Rey said hopefully. Maz considered this. “Maybe,” she replied after a moment, taking a breath and holding it before she continued. “But maybe you should just keep hold of it for now.” Rey's face fell. “Rey you're getting married soon and....” Maz gave her a pointed look. “Well you might have a baby to think of.” Rey went very still, the color draining from her face and her mouth going dry. “Wuh....what?” she said around the lump in her throat. Maz sighed. “I understand, child,” she said soothingly, taking Rey's hand. “You're young and he's handsome.” Rey tensed, repressing the trembling of her knee as the old woman spoke. “I just....I hoped you'd wait a little bit I suppose. Live your life a bit before you start a family. You're still so young Rey.” Rey lip twitched as though she was going to speak and she shook her head vaguely, but in the end she couldn't think of quite what to say so she said nothing. “I'll drive,” Kylo said, approaching the sled and patting Snezhinka's flank. She snorted and Kylo smiled, ignoring Marek's raised brow and scratching her nose instead. “I just fancy it is all,” he explained. Marek harrumphed but said nothing, just slid down off his seat and clambered into the back. Kylo cleared his throat and pulled himself up into the driver's seat, gathering the reins in his gloved hands and adjusting his hat. “Atta girl,” he coaxed, snapping the leather lightly over her back and swaying as Snezhinka began to plod slowly out of the stable. “This is the life,” Marek hollered as they sped down Mokhovaya Street towards home. Kylo smiled but didn't respond, didn't need to look over his shoulder to know that Marek would be spread out across the seat with his feet perched on the side. He liked to drive when he was sober enough. It occupied his thoughts when booze could not. The cathedral loomed large on his left, the gold dome glinting silver in the moonlight. Lights glowed softly behind the windows, warm and inviting against the the chilly Moscow sky. It was a beautiful building really but it had been years since he'd stepped inside and it would be years until he would again. He had no time for such things these days and what was the use of it anyway? It didn't change anything, didn't help anything, not that he could see. He guided Snezhinka off the main road as they neared home, the winter chill stinging across his cheeks. Kylo didn't mind it – it reminded him he was still alive, that he could still feel something. Phas was like that, only less chilly. She was more like the Summer in Rybinsk, long sunny days and dusky meadows. Kylo smiled. “I'll take care of her,” he told Marek as they entered the courtyard. “You get the fire on.” “Alright then,” Marek said, stretching his spine and rubbing his hands together. “You want tea?” “Yeah, if you like,” Kylo replied, not looking up from Snezhinka's buckles as he untethered her from the carriage. “There's my girl,” he cooed as he dragged a brush down her side, the straw shuffling beneath his feet. Snezhinka munched happily on some hay as Kylo rubbed her down, murmuring to her softly as he checked her shoes and rubbed her warm ears. They twitched beneath his fingers, her long snout nudging him gently as he spread extra straw around on the floor. She would be ten this year, he mused gloomily, clenching his jaw to quell the quivering of his lip. “You're a good girl aren't you?” he cooed, kissing between her eyes and rubbing the tip of his nose against her fur. She snorted at him, her long lashes blinking and he smiled, bolting the door of her bunk and turning towards the back door. It was the servants' entrance really but rare was the occasion when Kylo entered through the front. His boots echoed up the stairs, the door creaking on its hinges as he stepped into the apartment. It was dark save for the flicker of the fire from the scullery, the clank of pans drifting through the door and Marek's shadow dancing across the bare wall inside. Kylo hung his coat and peeled his gloves off slowly, sinking down onto a low seat to unlace his shoes. “You want me to heat water?” Marek asked, sticking his head around the door frame. Kylo took a deep breath and let it out slowly. “No, not tonight,” he replied, staring down the hall at the empty salon. “I put the samovar on,” Marek said with a yawn. “You want it in the study?” “No I'll do it, it's fine,” Kylo said turning and giving him a nod. “Goodnight Marek.” “Alright then,” Marek uttered, giving him a small smile. Kylo pursed his lips and turned away, the sound of Marek's footfalls echoing along the corridor as he disappeared into his room. Kylo slapped his palms on his thighs and rose to his feet, ambling into the kitchen and tapping the back of his knuckles on the back of the samovar. The wind had picked up again but Kylo wondered if it wouldn't snow again in the night, staring across the gardens at the slush streaked street beyond. The window rattled in its frame, the samovar chuntering softly as it heated. Kylo twiddled a teaspoon in his fingers and sighed. Rey was on her palette listening to the wind blow through the rafters. It was an odd, groaning sound, at once chilling and yet comforting. She was warm enough and her muscles were getting loose, but her heart was pound and her mind racing as Maz' words rattled around her head like a loose screw. Of course she was right, Rey knew she was right but it didn't make it any less of a torment thinking about it. Not when she thought of how urgent Kylo was every time he pulled her close, not when she thought of the things he whispered in her ear as he blanketed her with his broad body, and worse when she thought about how small and safe and warm she felt beneath him. She barely even knew him, wasn't sure she even liked him but it stung all the same that she had to let him go. She rolled onto her side and scowled, her stomach churning and unsettled. Oh Poe and Finn with their nonsense and their coconuts. She wasn't quite sure how she felt to think of them scrapping but likewise she wasn't entirely certain she didn't like it just a little bit. She huffed and burrowed further beneath her sheets. It was Christmas Eve tomorrow so she was going to think that. She closed her eyes and took deep breaths, letting the sound of the wind fill her ears and clearing her mind of Maz and men and other silliness. She drifted, sleep beckoning her closer and the bed growing deliciously toasty and warm but all the same, she could not ignore the itch between her legs. It was something like being turned on but not quite as enjoyable, a heavy sensation in her thighs as her bladder twinged and nagged at her. It was useless to put it off but she tried, and valiantly too, snuggling down in the warm sheets until the call of nature became impossible to ignore and eventually she threw back the sheets with a huff. Saying it was cold would have been a grotesque understatement. Rey fumbled in the darkness, reaching under Maz' bed till her fingers closed around the icy cold porcelain of the chamberpot. Quietly as she could, which seemed still to her unconscionably loud, she crept into the other room which was probably silly since Maz was full of laudanum again and in the grip of a sleep so deep that Rey sometimes feared she'd never wake up. It should have been a comfort to her really, knowing that she could creep around in the night undiscovered but it wasn't, not really. She wrapped her coat around her to shield her from the chill and shuffled across the floor, glancing up at her mother's icon above the door and staring at it with doleful eyes. Rey blinked, staring at the peeling gold leaf and shivering in the chilly December night. The baby seemed more disapproving than his mother, peering at her knowingly, and of course he would know all the things she'd done. But then, hadn't he been friends with prostitutes and peasants? Rey's eyes flicked to his mother whose expression seemed a mite more sympathetic and she sighed. Oh if you're listening , Rey uttered silently, closing her eyes for a moment and gripping the chamberpot so tight her knuckles cracked. It was oddly bright by the window, strange, elongated shadows stretching along the bare floorboards and making her heart race. It was hard even in adulthood to shake the ghost stories you'd heard all your life. She thought of Finn's face in the candlelight, the sockets of his eyes like two black hollows as he scared them half to death with gruesome tales of soul sucking demons that stalked the streets. She was virtually certain now that the Presnensky Prowler never existed except in Finn's head but it had terrified her then. She had been terrified often lately, a different kind of terror but the feeling was more or less the same, overwhelming dread that kept you up at night and gnawed away at your days. But just then, she was smiling, her breath escaping her in a long sigh of relief. She felt like a weight had been lifted, the rag between her legs coming away streaked with the faintest smudge of ruddy brown. Rey closed her eyes, tilted her head up towards heaven and mouthed to anyone listening. Thank you. Notes: Kylo just keeps unfolding like a beautiful Russian flower! Also, when Rey was gonna swear and she says 'pelmeni' - well those are a kind of Russian ravioli. What she really wanted to say was piz'da, but since that means cunt, she thought she better reel it in in front of Maz lololol. Chapter 25 Notes: Nice try guys, with all your ramblings about first trimester bleeding but if it's reylo babies you're hankering after, well you'll just have to wait and see. Morning came and with it a light snowfall. It was the kind of snow that fell so softly and slowly that you hardly noticed the banks of it piling up outside the door. It came down so quietly, spun so daintily that it was easy to be utterly charmed by it and to forget that it was, in fact, quite irritating not least of all when it fooled you into missing your front step or when it got down inside your gloves and froze your hands. Snow was, in spite of its wistful, whimsical charms, a sneaky and devious phenomenon, blanketing the ground in a carpet of pristine white that hid away the less charming black ice and slush beneath. Rey, although usually quite wise to the deceptiveness of this substance, was today so overcome by both festive spirit and her sheer relief at the return of her little friend that she was uncharacteristically careless as she walked along the street. It was not in her favor either, that the heel on her boot, which she had been pretending not to notice for longer than she cared to admit, had now come so loose that every step became more precarious. She ached, her thigh cramping slightly where she had been overcompensating for her shoe and her lower back complaining heartily that God had seen fit to have her born a woman. Still, all things considered she could not pretend that she wasn't utterly relieved by the appearance of that. It might be Christmas but Finn was an atheist and she didn't want to try convincing him or anyone else about the possibility of any immaculate conceptions. She clutched her package to her chest and soldiered on towards the cobbler, intent on getting a nail stuck into the heel of her boot and letting her mind drift back to more pleasant thoughts - like Christmas dinner. Rey hadn't eaten a morsel all day and she was ravenous, barely able think of anything except food. As she made her way home from the fishmonger, all Rey could think about was smokey, salty herrings under a fur coat of pink beets. Of crispy meat filled pastries oozing with fat, of pancakes with cream cheese and Maz' frankly amazing stuffed fish which alone was enough to convince Rey to foreswear Grisha's stupid party and his skanky vodka marrow. She was so caught up in her gluttonous musings, that she utterly failed to notice the horse carriage that had slowed in the road beside her. Likewise, over the clip clop of horseshoes she didn't hear her name being called and between the snow and her shoe and her waking dream of Christmas dinner, she didn't notice the kerb of the pavement either. It was more a shock than anything, to find herself flat on her backside in the snow but Rey was more concerned about her fish than bruises on her hip or caring who might have seen her fall. “Shit!” Sitting upright and glancing around, Rey shook her head and attempted to process what had happened. “Stupid bloody thing,” she hissed, flicking at the heel of her boot and sighing despondently at the way it hung down from the sole. “Oh dear,” a familiar voice intoned and Rey froze, glancing up to see Kylo Ren leaning out of his carriage window with a smirk on his face. Rey flushed hotly, mortified that he had witness such an indignity and scrabbled to her feet. “See that Marek,” Kylo said as Marek hopped down off his perch. “Falling at my feet they are.” Rey glared at him through her lashes and her lips twisted in a pout of disgust. “You're still ugly,” Marek quipped as the pair of them hurried closer and took hold of her arms. “You okay, Miss Rey?” he asked sweetly. She huffed and smiled bashfully. “Fine,” she squeaked, gulping back her embarrassment. “Quite the gymnast aren't you?” Kylo commented mildly. “That was a rather spectacular tumble.” “I....my heel came loose,” she sputtered, brushing her hands down her coat and clearing her throat. “Just like a woman to wear heels in this weather,” Kylo tutted, shaking his head. Rey scowled and straightened her spine but Kylo paid her no heed. “Are you hurt?” he asked, catching her elbow gently. “I'm fine,” she stammered, pulling away from the pair of them and glancing around for her fish. “Here you are,” Marek said, picking it out of the snow and handing it to her. “Thank you,” she squeaked, taking it from him and clutching it to her chest. “Well this is kismet,” Kylo said, still smiling at her. “Is it?” she asked, rubbing her lips together and watching as Marek retreated to the carriage to catch hold of Snezhinka's bridle. “Hmm,” Kylo replied. “We've just been at your workshop,” he continued, brushing his hands together. Rey stared up at his big, brown eyes blinking at her innocently and gulped. Kylo's lip twitched and his shoulder shrugged vaguely. “Just some business with Mitaka but....well I was rather hoping we might run into you.” “I had to run some errands,” she told him quietly. Kylo hummed and nodded some more. “Do you want a ride?” he asked, his hopefulness clearly visible on his face. “Oh, no,” Rey rasped, dropping her gaze. “It wouldn't....we....” “Oh come on,” he implored. “You can't walk anywhere on that shoe.” “I was on my way to cobbler,” she explained testily and he shook his head even if he was still smiling. “Well we'll take you,” he said, catching her arm and hustling her towards the carriage. “Kylo,” she stammered, glancing around nervously and flushing at the inconspicuousness of it all. “Rey,” he chided softly, leaning closer and looking her in the eye. “Calm down. No-one's interested in us.” “I didn't say they were!” she protested, letting out a little yelp of surprise as she found herself scooped up and deposited inside the carriage. “Oh my,” she commented, noting the stack of gift wrapped boxes on the seat inside. Kylo slammed the door shut and grinned. “Have you been good?” he asked and she quirked a brow. “Real Father Frost aren't you?” she quipped. “Does that make you my Snegurochka?” Kylo drawled leaning a little closer. Rey blushed as his nose brushed hers. “Give me a kiss,” he urged. “Kylo,” she mumbled as his lips pressed against hers. “Hmm, you smell like fish,” he commented, peering down at the paper wrapped packaged against her chest. “It's for dinner,” Rey stammered, flushing hotly as he slipped it out of her arms. “I'm glad we ran into you,” he uttered against her mouth, his arms sliding around her as he pulled her closer. “Are you?” she whimpered, her eyes falling closed and her hands fisting in the front of his coat. “Darling,” he sighed, taking advantage of her feeble groan of protest to slide his tongue between her lips. Rey stiffened for a second before melting into his embrace and kissing him back, forgetting for a moment her resolution to put an end to all this nonsense. It wasn't exactly easy to say no to that mouth. The dull click of Marek's little window shocked her back to reality and she pulled away from Kylo's kiss with a muffled gasp, clutching her hand to her mouth and averting her eyes. “Where to then?” Marek croaked pleasantly and Kylo gave her a look. “Oh, ah....Antonova,” she told them. “There's a cobbler there. Iankov's.” “Hmm,” Kylo commented, dropping his gaze to her feet. “Loose heel?” “Yeah, it just needs a nail,” Rey said, shifting a little and adjusting her skirt as though she might disguise the sorry state of her shoe but Kylo was undeterred. He plucked at her skirt and lifted it out of the way, his brow furrowing as he cast his eye over her boots. “I don't think a nail is going to cut it,” he commented sourly. “Looks like you could use a new pair.” “It's fine, thank you,” Rey hissed, tugging her skirt out of his hand. Kylo snorted and frowned at her. “Look at them, Rey,” he complained. “They're falling apart.” “They're comfortable,” she insisted and he scoffed. “They're completely inappropriate in this snow,” he said drably. “They're fine,” she argued and he huffed. “Stubborn wretch,” he growled, banging on the roof and pulling open Marek's window. “Marek take us to Marinetti's.” “Marinetti's?” Rey parroted with a frown. “You need new boots, Snegurochka,” Kylo informed her, closing Marek's window and leaning back in the seat. “I can't afford new boots,” she groused and he huffed. “What about that money I gave you?” he demanded. Rey gulped. “I'm saving it,” she squeaked and he shook his head, his nostrils flaring with displeasure. “I'm not having you go around without decent boots,” he barked gruffly. “You shouldn't buy me things,” Rey hissed. “People will talk.” “Such a scandal!” he exclaimed, rolling his eyes. “Presnya shop girl buys new shoes.” “Oh you're insufferable,” she complained and Kylo tutted before pulling her closer once more. “Where's your Christmas spirit, Rey?” he crooned, nuzzling her cheek. “You're spectacularly grouchy even for you.” Rey frowned at him, pouting indignantly but this just made Kylo smile even harder. “Stop it,” she grumbled as he squeezed her tight and kissed her neck. “What's the matter?” he implored, his breath warm against her skin. “Nothing,” she uttered sulkily. “Grumpy boots,” he mumbled, kissing her ear. “A little friend's come to call, that's all,” she explained, shoving him off. Kylo hummed, chewing his lip as he observed her profile thoughtfully. “Aah,” he said as a light dawned. “I see.” Rey whimpered and refused to meet his eye. Kylo smiled, his arm snaking around her back as his hand cupped her jaw. Her lashes fluttered as he turned her face towards him, pouting at her before pecking her on the lips. “Poor baby,” he said soothingly and she blushed furiously, closing her eyes as he pressed a kiss on her forehead. “I'm not a baby,” she whimpered. Kylo didn't say anything just smiled at her before he leaned close and kissed her. “Oh my,” she commented a short time later, stumbling behind his impossibly long gait as he led her towards the store. Lights twinkled in the window, elegantly dressed with shoes and boots and decorated in a vaguely Christmas theme. Across the door was a brightly painted sign that read in Roman script: G.Marinetti, Milano and in smaller letters beneath, some words she could only decipher as Italian but no meaning beyond that. “Monsieur, welcome,” a red faced, bespectacled man greeted in heavily accented French as they entered which just made Rey furrow her brow even further. “Signor Marinetti,” Kylo crooned smoothly. Rey narrowed her eyes at him. Italian. French. She wondered if he wouldn't be speaking Chinese next. “My cousin needs some new boots,” he continued, switching back to Russian much to Rey's relief. “Very good, very good,” Mr. Marinetti replied, smiling and nodding and nodding and smiling. “Maria,” he called over his shoulder. “My daughter,” he explained, as a young woman not much older than Rey approached. They exchanged polites smiles as Rey found herself herded further into the shop. “Cousin,” Rey mouthed at Kylo as they went. He quirked a brow and gave her a vague shrug and a few moments later Rey was seated on a soft backed bench with her boot in Maria Marinetti's lap. She gently clasped the armrests, glancing surreptitiously towards Kylo and flushing in embarrassment as her scuffed old boots were displayed to them both. Maria made no comment although Rey was certain she noticed a twitch of disapproval on her brow. Kylo was his typical louche, entitled self, lounging in a chair with his enormous legs spread everywhere. He smiled at her, bouncing one folded leg on the other and tapping his knee with his thumb. “I get all my shoes here,” he explained. “Don't I Joe?” “Yes, yes, monsieur is a very good customer,” Mr. Marinetti told her in his funny sing song accent. Rey gulped. “Oh,” she commented, her gaze dropping to Kylo's stupid, oversize feet. Kylo blinked at her and smiled, his eyes seeming to convey some suggestion of comfort to her as she sat stiff with embarrassment. Maria peeked up at her and gave her a soft smile, unlacing her boots with deft movements and slipping them off one by one. “Ah old boots like this,” Mr. Marinetti said diplomatically, taking them from his daughter. “They are like an old friend.” “Yes,” Rey agreed, flushing hotly and willing away her shame as Maria stood up and crossed the room with feet clad in enviably stylish pumps. “Hmm,” Kylo mused, rising to his feet and pacing up and down to peruse the boots displayed up the wall. Rey blinked and held her skirt out of the way as Maria sank back down and strapped her foot into a strange looking contraption. “What about these?” he asked, picking up an chunky, supremely masculine boot and waving it at her. Maria tugged a tap across Rey's foot and let out a huff of amusement.“Or these?” he said, moving to the window and pulling out the most incurably feminine pair of frilly pumps she had ever seen. “Kylo,” Rey chided, quirking a brow. “Actually these are quite nice,” he said, picking up another pair and turning them over. “What do you think?” He wandered closer and showed them to her. “Very nice,” Maria commented. “Just in from Milan.” She glanced at Rey and gave her a bashful smile. Kylo made a face as though he was terribly impressed, his expression apparently suggesting that he thought very much that Rey should have them. “Yes, they're lovely,” she agreed. Kylo practically beamed, putting them down on the stool beside her seat. They were lovely, Rey couldn't deny and determined as she was to refuse them, it was impossible to resist the fawning attention she received as Kylo tried to persuade her. “Feel how soft they are,” Maria said, catching hold of Rey's hand and urging her to touch. “Yes,” Rey breathed, flushing as she found her feet bound up in the soft leather. “Lovely,” Maria cooed and Rey positively glowed as she paraded up and down the carpeted floor while Kylo looked on approvingly. “They're really pretty,” she commented, holding up her skirt a little way and admiring the shoes in the mirror. “We'll take them,” Kylo said definitively, his arms folded over his chest and his expression implying that he was taking the whole business terribly seriously. “Oh no,” Rey argued, shaking her head vigorously. “I can't really.” “Why not?” “They're lovely,” she said, turning back to Maria and sinking into her seat. “If you like them, have them,” Kylo said, moving closer with that puppy dog expression on his face. “Whenever am I going to wear these? Don't be silly,” Rey told him firmly. “Something less fancy, perhaps?” Maria suggested gently. “Yes,” she agreed, nodding vigorously. “Just something for every day.” “Hmmpf,” Kylo uttered sulkily and Rey fixed him with a look. “Fine, fine.” Maira said nothing, just smiled soothingly at her and slipped the shoes off her feet. After no small measure of bickering, which incensed and embarrassed Rey in equal measure, they settled instead on a quite plain but perfectly sensible boot with a low heel and a soft felt lining. Kylo didn't utterly disapprove, his eyes wide and passive as he nodded at her. “Will they do? Do you like them?” “They're fine,” she insisted and he narrowed his eyes a little. “They're more than fine,” she assured him. “They're very nice.” “Alright, then,” he said finally. “Very good,” Maria said pleasantly, rising to her feet and packing away the foot measure. “Kylo,” Rey warned, observing as he retrieved the extremely pretty but highly impractical pumps from the end of bench. “Kylo, no!” “We'll take these as well,” he told Mr. Marinetti with a victorious gleam in his eye. “Excellent,” Mr. Marinetti said, pulling out a box and packing them away. “What are you doing?” Rey whispered, tugging his sleeve. Kylo shrugged. “You like them don't you?” he asked, peering down at her with an expression of apparent innocence. “You mustn't buy me such things,” she uttered despairingly, lowering her voice and glancing towards Mr. Marinetti busied himself packing her shoes, apparently oblivious to their conversation but obviously able to hear every word. “Darling,” Kylo crooned, stroking her cheek. “If you want them, then have them.” Rey closed her eyes and let out a long breath as Maria joined her father behind the counter. “When am I going to wear them?” she stammered, turning away as Kylo pulled out his wallet. “When you're with me,” he told her softly, sliding his hand around the back of her neck and leaning his face close to hers. Rey screwed her face up and let out a whimper of frustration, her shoulder sagging in defeat as he slid a banknote across the counter and pressed a kiss on the top of her head. “What's the matter duchess?” he asked soothingly as they sat ensconced in the back of his carriage. Rey stared down at her new boots and turned her ankles in slow circles, Kylo's hand was stroking the back of her head and his finger idly circling her ear. “You mustn't buy me things Kylo,” she said, turning to him but avoiding his eye. “I want to,” he breathed and she licked her lips. “It doesn't look good,” she ventured, peeking up at his face. Kylo took a deep breath and let it out slowly. “So I'm supposed to just let you go around with a hole in your boot just so people won't talk?” he queried mildly. Rey shivered, her eyes falling closed as he stroked one finger along her jaw. “Silly thing. Do you think I'll let you go without?” “I manage just fine,” she uttered breathlessly, falling quiet as he kissed her softly on the lips. “When will I see you again?” he asked and she swallowed. “I don't know,” she said around the lump in her throat. “It's busy this week.” “Huh, Christmas,” he agreed. Rey nodded. “Lots of people coming to call,” she added. Kylo hummed. “What if I came to call?” She opened her eyes wide. “No you mustn't,” she gasped and he smiled, a sad wan thing. “No, you're probably right,” Kylo said, his tone betraying his disappointment. He blinked, turning his head to peer out of the window. Rey bit her lip, observing his profile for a moment and taking in his ridiculous nose. His hand idled at her waist, his long lashes fluttering slowly over his big eyes and she thought that really it was quite a nice nose after all. His coat was fuzzy and soft, cushioning her against the warmth of his body and she gulped, resisting the urge to burrow closer. “I go to the bank on Wednesday's,” she told him after a moment and Kylo turned back to her. “I see,” he said. She licked her lips. “And after I usually go to the library.” Kylo smiled and brushed her hair out of her eyes. “To get your books,” he replied. She nodded . “We could have tea,” he suggested softly, his eyes flicking to her mouth before back to her eyes. Rey quirked a brow of surprise and opened her mouth only to find she wasn't quite sure how to respond. She closed it again and pursed her lips. “What?” Kylo asked with a curious smile. Rey blinked. “Alright,” she said finally and his smile grew a little wider. Marek, sensitive soul that he was, brought them to a stop on a familiar corner a little distance from the workshop. The street was busier now than when she had previously found herself deposited here, the sun barely set over the horizon and the streetcar screeching by on the rails. Anxiety twisted in her belly as she hopped down from the carriage, glancing around nervously as Kylo climbed out after her. He was bent over at the waist, furkling around inside the dim compartment and she gulped, her eyes tracing the snug fit of his coat against his broad arms. It wasn't even New Year yet and she was already breaking all her resolutions. “Here you go,” he said, turning to her with the shoebox. Rey stared at it for a moment before looking up into his eyes. “Thank you,” she chirped, taking it from him. Kylo stared at her with glittering eyes, his lip twisted up in the hint of a smile. Rey cleared her throat. “Merry Christmas Marek,” she called and he turned to give her a little wave. “Merry Christmas, miss,” he croaked from his perch on top of the carriage. “What about me?” Kylo drawled. “Don't I get a merry Christmas?” Rey's lashes fluttered. “Merry Christmas Kylo,” she breathed. He blinked at her, his breath misting as he exhaled a slow sigh of breath. “Merry Christmas, Rey,” he replied, peering down at her with a look that suggested he might kiss her at any moment. She dipped her head, panic flaring in her stomach. “Okay bye,” she sputtered, spinning on her heel and pacing a few brisk steps down the path. “Rey!” Kylo called and she froze, turning back over her shoulder to look at him. “Your fish,” he said with a grin, holding the paper wrapped carp up in the air. “Oh,” Rey sputtered, grinning at her own foolishness as she paced back towards him. “Silly me,” she said as he placed it on top of her shoe box. “Silly you,” he agreed. “Alright,” she said with a nod. “Bye then.” “Bye,” Kylo replied. Rey turned away again and took three steps before she came to a sudden halt, taking a deep breath before she turned abruptly. His brow furrowed as she paced briskly back towards him. “Thank you for my boots,” she said, looking up at him for a moment before she hopped up to press a brief little peck on his lips. Kylo smiled lazily and peered down at her with sleepy eyes. “You're welcome,” he told her. Rey bit her lip and took a step back, and then another until finally she turned on her heel and fled. Chapter 26 Notes: Vile chapter be gone! Never curse my word processor with your foul presence again! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Evening was drawing in, the sky an inky blue as day turned finally to night and the moon glimpsed behind banks of wispy gray clouds. Rey travelled the last stretch to the workshop with easy steps, her boots stiff from lack of use but nonetheless more comfortable than the last pair. “What's all this?” Rey asked as she entered, her eyes going wide at the sight that greeted her. At the foot of the stairs stood a Christmas tree almost as tall as she, its branches more or less bare save for the odd flash of ribbon. Girls sat on wooden crates around the floor, some chomping happily on sticky iced gingerbread while others fashioned decorations from oddments of thread and cloth. Across the hall, some of the older women were dressing themselves in their coats and kissing each other, clasping one another's and exchanging heartfelt declarations before they disappeared out of the wide workshop door towards home. “Mr. Mitaka bought us cakes!” Anna said with a grin. “For Christmas.” “That's nice of him,” Rey commented, glancing towards his office and pondering the visitor she knew had come to call that afternoon. “Sticky bun?” Fat Marta chimed with a smile on her face, thrusting a box towards her. Rey smacked her lips as she looked at the icing drenched batches in the box. “Alright,” she breathed, her stomach growling at her demandingly. Her nostrils flared as Marta tore a piece away, the icing stretching like melting cheese. Rey salivated. “Look at my bow Rey,” Mila said, her hair loose around her shoulders where she had pulled the ribbon out of her hair. “Very cute,” Rey agreed, her mouth full of gingerbread. Mila smiled and ambled towards the tree to tie it onto one of the branches while Rey struggled to keep her fish from sliding onto the floor. “Rey!” a familiar voice called and she turned to see Stephan on the landing, waving her over. “Something came for you,” he said quietly as she approached. “Oh?” she replied, a crease forming between her brows. “It's in my room,” he said, shuffling along the hall a way and gesturing her to follow. She padded after him, shifting the load in her arms as they made their way along the corridor. A light bulb flickered over head and Rey glanced up at the shiny new electrical fittings that dotted the ceiling and which had not been there before. “Here we are,” Stephan said, dipping into his office and lifting a broad flat box off a chair. Rey's eyes danced up and down the length of it, duck egg blue card embossed with fleur-de-lys and swirling ornamental flourishes. Her mouth went dry. “Thank you,” she rasped as Stephan held it out towards her, letting her set her shoebox and the fish on top before she took it from him. She glanced at his face and he gave her a wincing kind of smile, pushing his glasses up his nose and his throat bobbing. “Ready for Christmas?” she asked meekly, attempting to project an indifference she did not really feel. “Oh yes and no,” he said with a nod and a smile. “Not enough hours in the day.” “No,” Rey agreed. “Right, I better get on,” she said, clearing her throat. “Maz will want her fish.” “Yes, yes, lots to do,” he added. Rey smiled and scuttled out of the room, arguing with the boxes in her arms as Maz' fish flailed around on top of them. “May I help you?” Mr. Mitaka was dressed in his great coat, lingering outside his office as he turned the key in the door. “Oh, Mr. Mitaka, no, it's....it's fine,” Rey replied. “Woah!” She tried to catch the fish as it flopped off the top of the pile and slithered towards the edge of the box. “Dmitri,” he corrected bashfully, catching it. “Oh, yes,” Rey said, blushing furiously. “Dmitri.” “Here,” he ventured, stepping closer and reaching for the boxes in her arms. “I'll take it.” “Oh thank you,” she squeaked, observing the flutter of his lashes and the reddening of his cheeks as his gloved fingers brushed hers. “Thank you ever so much,” she said as she walked along beside him, holding the work room door open for him as he carried the boxes inside. “And thank you for the Christmas tree,” she added, glancing back down the hall at the Christmas tree just visible at the far end. “It's very kind.” “Oh, oh it was....actually it was a gift from Mr. Ren,” he said, setting the box down on the table and brushing his hands down his coat nervously. Rey's lashes fluttered as his words sank in. “Oh?” she breathed. Dmitri smiled and moved a little closer. “Yes a nice gesture,” he continued. “Yes,” Rey agreed, eyes glancing surreptitiously at the box on the table behind him and her heart hammering in her chest. Sensing her distraction, Dmitri coughed and took a step towards the door. “Well goodnight then,” he said gently. “And merry Christmas.” Rey smiled, a wan, sad thing as she looked him in the eye. “Merry Christmas Dmitri,” she replied, her heart sinking a little at his crestfallen expression as he shuffled away. She wasn't entirely sure how she was meant to feel, hovering inside the door and staring at the box on the table. Maz' fish hung limply across the top, the paper stained dark with moisture and a hint of tail fin peeking out one end. Rey dropped her eyes to her boots and then glanced back down at the hall, the soft laughter of the girls around the Christmas tree drifting up the stairs. Letting the door slide shut, Rey wandered closer to the table with a furrow between her brows. Beware strangers bearing gifts, wasn't that what they said? But could she really consider Kylo Ren a stranger after everything that had transpired between them? He was always harping on at her about being kind but she hadn't quite realized quite what that had meant. Was it worse that he bought her these things or that she accepted them? Footsteps on the stairs broke her reverie and with a muffled gasp, Rey batted the fish aside and seized the boxes in an almost manic desperation. They fell to the floor with a thud, colliding with the back wall as Rey gave them a good hard shove with her boot. “Oh there you are child!” Maz chided, appearing at the foot of the stairs. “Hi,” Rey squeaked, spinning to face her. “Oh I thought you'd be back before now,” Maz said hurriedly, beckoning her closer with a crook of her hand. “There's still lots to be done.” “Yes I'm sorry,” Rey babbled. “I was just....eating some gingerbread.” “Have you got new boots?” Maz inquired with a frown, peering down at her Rey's feet. “Yes,” was her only reply. Maz hummed stared at them for a moment. “Well I suppose you needed them,” she chattered. “Now come along with that fish.” Rey gulped, scooped the beleaguered creature off the table and followed Maz upstairs. Across the city, a round of applause erupted around a lavishly decorated room and a moment later the string quartet at the far end began to play once more. Kylo sipped his mulled wine and observed over the rim as Phasima shuffled forward through the crowd to light a candle on the tree. She was charming as ever, turning that broad smile and those bright blue eyes on their hostess, a middle aged woman with a maternal smile and a figure that reminded Kylo of his nyanya' s raspberry puddings. For his part would rather be back in the hotel just the two of them but here he was, sipping mulled wine and listening to monocled windbags give him unsolicited opinions. Phasima was having a good time at least and for that he would tolerate almost anything, determined as he was to make her happy while she was here. She could be back in St. Petersburg at parties far grander than this, not that he could claim to miss that part of his life at all. “Ben,” she mouthed, urging him nearer with a wave of her hand. He set his glass down onto the tray of a passing penguin, tugging on his jacket before moving closer and attempting to project the kind of politesse that he abhorred. “This is our hostess,” Phas explained, sliding her arm into his but more so that he could not escape than to imply some deeper meaning to their relationship. Kylo knew this, Phas knew this but he was not convinced that their audience would. “I was just thanking her for a lovely party.” “Good evening, Madame,” Kylo intoned with a genteel bow, taking her gloved hand and kissing it. “Kylo this is Madame Petrova,” Phas explained, that same smile plastered across her face. “Her husband is on the board of the Riabushinsky Bank.” Kylo repressed the quirk of his brow and resisted the urge to look Phasima in the eye, knowing full well the devious gleam he would spy there if he did. “Pleased to make your acquaintance monsieur....?” Madame Petrova prodded pleasantly. “Kylo Ren,” he said smoothly, affecting the most winsome airs he could muster. It seemed effective as Madame Petrova promptly began tittering and clasping one hand to her chest. “Charmed,” she cooed, not letting go of his hand and letting her eye rove up and down the length of him. “Tell me something,” Phas asked him as the slipped on their coats a little while later. “Yes,” he mumble, adjusting the cuffs of his shirt beneath his coatsleeves. “Why Kylo?” she said gently. “What's wrong with Ben?” Kylo's nostrils flared and he worked his jaw from side to side as he buttoned his coat. “Kylo is....” he began, taking a deep breath as the emerged on to the steps of the house and letting out in a long foggy sigh. “He's his own man,” was his only answer. “I like it here,” she told him as they rode home. “It's less stuffy than home.” “Hmm,” Kylo mused, his arm wrapped around her shoulder. “Sure you don't like it better because I'm here?” he asked apparently sarcastically but Phas knew better by now. “Yes that too darling,” she said, resting her head on his shoulder. Kylo leaned his head on top of hers, the furious jingle of sleigh bells ringing in his ears as they raced on through the snow. As the only man present, it fell to Stephan Andreyivich to play father. He stood over their meager table and recited a prayer while the girls all sat with their heads bowed. It was cozy in Maz' attic, the six of them crammed around the table as they ate by candlelight. Eager hands passed steaming dishes and plates were piled up with porridge and beans and buttery potatoes to be washed down with spicy hot tea. In the center of the table a lone white candle flickered, the room cast in a ethereal glow as outside snow floated past the window. “No Jessika this year?” Stephan asked, setting down his cup. “She's an atheist now,” Mila explained, mopping up some juice from her plate with a crust of bread. “Oh,” Stephan replied, making an odd face. “Your Finn not joining us Rey?” he continued and she cast her eye over the empty place at the end of the table, swallowing a mouthful of soup. “No, he's an atheist too,” Mila clarified. “You do know what an atheist is, right Mila?” Anna asked. Mila made a face and Anna clucked disapprovingly. “Of course I do,” she protested vehemently. Rey broke a piece of bread and dipped it into her soup. “He's with Poe tonight,” Rey explained. “You remember, Stephan, Poe Dameron?” “Aah yes,” he said with a nod. “Nice fellow.” “Imagine not believing in God,” Olga commented. “What do they do at Christmas?” Mila added. “It must be rubbish with no presents,” Olga mused. Rey glanced at Maz to find the old woman watching them with a look halfway between relief and amusement. Maz caught her eye and smiled. “Speaking of which,” she said, her old eyes crinkling at the corners. “Mila!” she urged, gesturing with her hand. Mila's expression became suddenly inscrutable as elegantly she rose from her seat and turned to rummage around in the corner, returning a moment later with a large paper wrapped bundle tied with string. “What's this?” Rey asked, blinking as Maz took it from her. “Just a little something we've been saving for,” Maz explained, passing it to Rey. Rey took it from her, glancing around at the curious eyes of the others. “Oh,” Rey gasped as she tugged on the string and the paper went slack, revealing the glimpse of white fabric beneath. “Oh my word.” “We hope you like it,” Stephan said gently, peering on with affectionate eyes. “It's....it's beautiful!” Rey exclaimed as she peeled the paper back to reveal the smooth material folded beneath. Mila and Olga squealed with delight, biting their clenched fists and looking at one another with starry eyes as Rey pulled out a great wad of off white satin. “Oh Maz!” “I thought you might use it for a wedding dress,” Maz suggested gently. Rey's breath hitched, a tear pricking her eye and a strange quivering sensation taking up residence in her chest. Maz reached closer and squeezed her hand. “Thank you,” Rey stammered around the lump in her throat. “It's beautiful.” Anna wailed, blowing her nose wetly on her scarf and Mila and Olga descended into some strange fit of shrieking and giggling but it was all just noise to Rey's ears as she carefully set the bundle down on her chair and moved closer to Maz. “Happy Christmas, Rey,” Maz said as Rey wrapped her arms around her. “Precious child,” she whispered, pressing a kiss to Rey's temple and squeezing her tight. “This goose is lovely,” Phas said, humming in delight and washing down a mouthful with a swig of wine. “I will miss the food here,” Kylo replied, sliding his knife through his meat. “It's about the only thing I will miss.” “You haven't enjoyed it, have you?” Phas commented and Kylo sighed. “What am I doing, owning a hotel?” he complained. “I'm not a hotelier. I'm not a host.” “Nice though,” Phas said. “To have a place to stay, to put people.” “I suppose,” he mused, staring into his wine before taking a swig. “So what else are you into these days?” she continued, scooping some potatoes onto her plate. “Military contracts,” Kylo told her, refilling their glasses. “Is that what the old man suggested?” Kylo nodded and shovelled a forkful of meat into his mouth. “Hmm so banking on a war then?” “Banking on something,” Kylo muttered around a mouthful of potatoes. Phas pursed her lips. “If there's a war I'm going to buy gold,” she said and Kylo frowned. “Don't by war bonds,” he said with a shake of his head. “No, I don't intend to,” she replied. “I mean real gold you can hold in your hand.” “Little paranoid, don't you think?” Kylo commented. “You don't think it's a good idea?” she asked. Kylo raised his brows and took a deep breath. “No I think it's a very good idea,” he assured her. “Huh,” Phas mused, fiddling with the pendant around her neck. “And what will you do?” Kylo's nostrils flared as he considered this, setting his silverware down and tapping his finger against the base of wineglass. “Actually I was wondering,” he said after a moment, worrying his lip for a second before taking a large swig of his drink. “What were you wondering?” Phas prodded at his hesitation. Kylo took a deep breath and let it out as a long, tired sigh. “What do you think it would take,” he said in a neutral tone. “For her to let me go?” Phas went very still and rubbed her lips together, looking him in the eye as she considered this. She inhaled and held her breath for a moment. “Is this about your girl?” she asked gently. Kylo let out a long breath and sat back in his chair. “Oh Phas, I've only just met her,” he chided. “Well patience never was your strong suit,” she quipped. Kylo tossed his napkin onto his plate and pushed back from the table, pulling out his cigarettes. “It doesn't matter anyway,” he said, pulling the candlestick closer and setting it to light. “I couldn't marry her even if I wanted to.” “Oh?” Phas quirked a brow and accepted a cigarette from him. “There's a husband.” Kylo let out a huff of amusement and rubbed his eyebrow with his thumb. “There's a fiance but that's not really the problem,” he explained. Phas stared at him, shaking her head a little as though pressing him to explain. Kylo poured himself a drink and ran his tongue over his teeth, his throat bobbing anxiously as he spoke. “She's...she's a seamstress,” he said, taking a slow drink as though his wine glass might protect him from the look in Phas' eyes. “Oh,” Phas uttered neutrally. “I see.” She smacked her lips and leaned towards a candle to light her cigarette. “What do you see?” he inquired. Phas shrugged innocently. “Don't let yourself get carried away, Ben,” she cautioned, pointing her cigarette at him and looking him in the eye. “You're a juicy plum to a girl like that.” Kylo snorted. “I don't think she's after my money,” he assured her. Phas scowled. “She's not a bolshevik is she?” Kylo's grin grew wider. “Maybe a little bit,” he said with a wincing kind of smile somewhere between anxious and amused. “Oh god Ben,” she sputtered. “Does she know that you're a prince?” “I'm not sure,” he replied. Phas cackled. “And what does Comrade Lenin have to say about receiving furs from aristocrats?” she asked with mock innocence. “I don't know but I'm sure he wouldn't approve,” Kylo said with a chuckle. “She's not trying to recruit you for the revolution is she?” she said, her expression apparently grave. “Me?” Kylo asked, raising his brows. “I'll be first against the wall.” “Buy diamonds,” Phas urged, sipping her wine. “Is that what you're going to do?” She nodded. “Yes,” she told him. “I shall take myself off to Paris and live off my jewels.” “Alright,” he agreed. “Sounds like a plan.” Phas grinned broadly and leaned back in her chair. “So what is it about this one that's so special?” Phas probed. Kylo sighed wistfully and stared off into the distance. “Her ass is like a peach,” he uttered dreamily. “Oh god Ben, you're a pig,” Phas muttered, shaking her head. “That's what she says,” he chuckled. Phas narrowed her eyes. “She's not a brunette is she?” Kylo smiled toothily. “Oh honestly, you are so predictable.” “I know what I like and I like what I know,” he countered. “You men are so weird,” she complained. “You think with your cocks.” “Or our stomachs,” Kylo interjected, throwing his cigarette into the fire. “Pass me the potatoes.” All across the country the same scene was playing out. Masses of bodies huddled together beneath church domes, candlelight flickering around the brightly painted walls and the warm sound of cheery voices singing. The canon was without doubt one of Rey's favorite parts of the Christmas service, but she couldn't help but wonder if it was because it meant it was nearly time to go home. The hours of vespers and liturgy came first were wearing on old bones and Maz leaned heavily on her cane, scowling fiercely at old Stephan's suggestion that she make use of one of the seats tucked away at the side of the nave. All the same it was hard enough to pry the old woman away from the crowds of chattering old dears that lingered in the church, gushing about their grandchildren and wishing each other well. When they finally left, Rey walked slowly at the back of their cheery procession, gently herding Maz and Stephan towards home while Olga and Mila skipped ahead, throwing snowballs at one another and shrieking excitedly. “Smoke?” Anna asked, offering Rey a cigarette. “Sure,” Rey said with a smile, accepting one. “Treating yourself?” she asked, nodding at the packet. “It's Christmas,” Anna replied with a shrug and a grin. “Yes,” Rey affirmed, dipping her head into the lighted match that Anna had cupped in her hand. “Thanks Anna,” she added with a smile. Anna seemed to glow and Rey took a moment to cast her eye up and down her friend, becoming a woman now and affecting the airs of one too. Rey grinned and slid her arm in Anna's as the pair of them ambled towards home. As they neared the workshop the shrieking ahead became more pronounced and as they rounded the last corner, Rey's eyes widened at the sight of Jessika and Finn hurling snowballs at the histrionic figures of Olga and Mila. Poe was in the distance although Rey couldn't quite see, her view blocked by the fast approaching figure of Jess. “Rey!” she screeched, throwing her arms around Rey's neck and kissing her. Rey swayed and held on tight, the smell of vodka and cigarettes strong in Jess' hair. “What are you doing here?” she asked with a smile as Finn came closer. “Well,” he panted, his chest heaving from exertion. “We thought...wouldn't it be nice you know....” he shrugged, his teeth glinting brilliant white in his dark face. “To spend it with you.” “Grisha's party was terrible,” Jess told her, throwing a heavy arm around her shoulders. “We've bought treats,” Finn said, relieving Poe of a knapsack and jiggling it enthusiastically. “Hello Rey,” Poe said, landing a sloppy kiss on her cheek before moving onto Anna and Maz. “Mrs. Kanata, Mr. Ivanov,” he ventured, shaking old Stephan's hand and digging into his coat pocket. “Oh Merry Christmas,” Stephan chortled as Poe stuffed a bottle of vodka into his hand. “Look!” Finn urged, opening his back and proudly showing off the contents. “Clementines!” Anna squeaked. They dragged the Christmas tree into the boiler room, cajoling old Stephan to stoke up the furnace and throwing peels onto it as they devoured Finn's swag of oranges. Poe came closer to fill Rey's glass with vodka, kissing her on the cheek before continuing around the room until he sank down beside old Stephan. Poe filled and refilled his glass as he spun tales of his youth, Poe smiling politely as the old man preached the virtues of the army and drank the good health of the Tsar as Maz nodded sleepily in her chair. “How was church?” Finn asked, sinking down onto a crate beside her and nudging her shoulder. Rey smiled wanly and let out a huff of amusement. “It was long,” she said and he smiled. “You've got new boots,” he observed, staring at her feet. Rey crossed her ankles and coughed a little. “Yuh...yeah,” she stammered. “I ah.....I sold that dress.” Finn practically glowed. “Rey that's great!” he said enthusiastically. “Yeah,” she said with a blush. “Yeah I was thinking about buying a new sewing machine.” “You should do it,” he agreed. “Oh, I almost forgot!” She gasped, rising to her feet and swaying a little as the shot of vodka Poe had given her went to her head. “I have something special!” “Where's she off to so fast?” Jess commented, looking up from her spot in front of the fire where a sleeping Mila was crashed out with her head in her lap. “Here,” Rey gasped when she returned, her chest heaving and her cheeks flushed red. “To share.” “Pastila!” the girls squeaked as she showed them the elegant pink and gold box in hand. “Fancy,” Jess commented and Rey blushed. “Well I thought it would make a nice treat,” she explained. “You deserve it,” Finn agreed, throwing his arm around her shoulder and kissing her cheek. “You didn't answer my question,” Kylo said, crouched in front of the fire turning his newest toy over in his hands. Phas was sitting on the couch with her legs tucked under her, peeling an orange and slurping wetly on the segments. Kylo flicked a catch on the back of the camera and peered at the lens inside. “Thirty five millimeter film,” she said, not looking up. “I put half a dozen rolls in the box.” She gestured with her chin towards the wreckage of his Christmas gift, shreds of paper and ribbon littering the floor. “That's not what I meant,” he replied. “Hmm,” she uttered thoughtfully, dropping a pip into the ashtray. “You mean Irina?” Kylo stared into the fire for a moment before he closed the back of the camera and set it back in its box. He took a deep breath and puffed out his cheeks. “I can't go on like this,” he complained. Phas did not reply straight away, the logs in the fire snapping loudly as that sat in silence for a long moment. “Honestly Ben,” she said eventually, picking up her brandy and swirling it in the glass. “I don't think she will.” He didn't speak, just rose to his feet and refilled his glass with brandy, knocking it back in three long gulps. “Steady on,” Phas implored. Kylo set his glass down a little too heavily and the bottle on the table rattled. “ What is this?” he said bitterly. “The bloody dark ages? Plenty of people get divorced.” “ Not people like us,” Phas told him mournfully. Kylo's fist clenched around his glass and Phasima gulped, straightening her spine as he seethed with rage. “Ben,” she said gravely. “ It's not fair,” he hissed through clenched teeth. Phas let out a sorry sigh and reached forward to catch his hand, tugging down onto the sofa beside her. “ I know,” she said soothingly. “Thank you for coming,” Rey whispered as she squeezed Finn tight. “And thank Poe for all his treats.” He stroked his hand over the back of her head and kissed her temple. “We just wanted to do something nice for you,” he said softly. “And for Maz. Poe hasn't forgotten how she helped him. And I haven't forgotten everything she's done for you.” “She's been good to me,” Rey agreed, pulling back. “So, I've got a lot on this week,” Finn said after a moment. “Yes,” Rey breathed. He smiled. “But New Year's Eve,” he continued. “You're mine all night.” Rey went very still, her lashes fluttering as her eyes scanned his face for clues. “I'm taking you to a party,” he said, his grin growing so wide she thought his face might crack. “Okay,” she replied with a huff of amusement. “That sounds fun.” “Yeah,” Finn uttered, leaning closer. Rey stared at his mouth, her breath seeming very loud in the quiet of the fitting room. “Maz gave me a talking to,” he said after a minute and Rey went cold, her throat suddenly very tight. Finn took her hand and rubbed his thumb slowly across her skin. “Wuh...what did she say?” Rey stammered. Finn licked his lips. “She told me I better hurry up and marry you,” he said, looking her in the eye. “And.... I think she's right.” “Do you?” she breathed, her eyes falling closed as slowly, tenderly, he moved a little closer and pressed his lips gently against her own. When he wrapped his arms around her, she did likewise, still and silent as cautiously his tongue swiped across her lips. She shuddered, her hand coming up to cup the back of his head as he kissed her, a slow, experimental kind of kiss like he wasn't quite sure what he was doing. It was unbearably sweet really, and not at all like the kinds of kisses she had become accustomed to of late but a kiss it was all the same. The bang of a fist on the window shocked them apart, Rey jumping back with a gasp as Poe peered into the darkened shop with unseeing eyes. “Hurry up,” he said, his voice muffled through the glass. “It's freezing!” Finn huffed with displeasure and scowled. “You better go,” Rey said and he nodded. “Better had,” he replied. He stepped closer, squeezing her fingers for a moment before setting his hat on his head. “Bye,” he said, smiling softly. “Bye Finn,” she replied, lingering by the door as she watched them disappear into the night. She bolted it firmly and stood for a moment, touching her hand to her lip. Slowly, Rey turned and ambled back towards the workroom, closing the door and lingering under the stairs for a moment. Sure by now the others were asleep, the girls off to their attic bedroom and Stephan left to dim the furnace now that the festivities were done. She was entirely sure how she was meant to feel, hovering inside the door and staring at the shadowy gap beneath the table. She closed her eyes and let out a slow, shuddering breath, crouching down beside the table to retrieve the box hidden beneath. It was beautiful, the contents clearly from some high end atelier in a part of Moscow a girl like her had little reason to frequent. She didn't want him to buy her things but she couldn't pretend she didn't like it when he did. Rey thought of his smiling eyes, peering down at her as she was fitted for her shoes and how good it had felt to bask in his attention. To be pressed into his side with his arm wrapped around her, warm and safe and wanted. And worse yet, his body and the things it did to her, wicked shameful things and oh if she didn't berate herself for liking them. But Kylo didn't berate her, just wrapped his broad arms around her and called her darling and told her that her body was perfect. Perfectly wicked. She swallowed hard. “ Oh god,” she whispered as she lifted the top, the tissue paper floating in the air for a moment before it settled down across the fuzzy contents beneath. A small card sat nestled inside and cautiously she picked it up, gulping as she opened it to reveal his tangled cursive. Rey. To keep you warm when I cannot. K She froze, the looping lines going out of focus as her gaze drifted to the content of the box behind. Slowly, timidly, Rey reached closer and slipped her fingers beneath the tissue paper. It rustled, a slight, secretive sound that made her shiver with anticipation as her fingers sank into the softest fur she had ever felt. Her lips parted and she glanced up and down the length of it, a soft sandy color like a picture of a desert she'd seen in a book. She let out a ragged breath and lifted it out of the box, fur spilling across the table like a pool of melted ice cream and wasn't it the softest, most beautiful thing she had ever seen? “It's getting late,” Phas commented. It was late, the fire burned low and Kylo resting his sleepy head in her lap. “Hmm,” he replied absently. Phas took a deep breath and sighed. “Are you happy Ben?” Phas asked, stroking the hair behind his ears. His lip twitched, his lashes fluttering as he stared with unfocused eyes at the shadows dancing across the ceiling. “What's happy?” he murmured, blinking slowly and his throat bobbing. Phas hummed and ran a finger around the rim of her brandy glass. “I keep thinking about him,” he confessed after a minute, his voice barely a whisper. Phas frowned sympathetically as she watched his eyes close but she didn't speak, just stroked the back of his hand slowly. “I think about this girl,” he said a moment later, opening his eyes and smiling wanly. “You like this one?” Phas asked. Kylo nodded. “Yes I like her,” he breathed. “She's sweet. A little bit....sad.” “Hmm,” Phas murmured. Kylo played with her fingers, twisting one of her rings around and around. “I feel a bit sorry for her actually.” Phas blinked but didn't comment, just sipped her brandy as he took a deep breath and continued. “She's an orphan,” he said, staring off at some unknown spot on the wall. “I imagine that's very appealing to someone like you,” Phas said after a quiet moment. “Someone like me?” Kylo asked, looking up at her with imploring eyes. Phasima smiled softly. “Oh Ben,” she said, brushing his hair out of his face. “Whatever makes you happy is fine by me.” Rey almost didn't recognize the woman in the mirror, older somehow than the girl she used to see. She gathered the lapels of the coat together and brought them up under her chin, closing her eyes as she revelled in the softness of it. It was beautiful. It must have cost him hundreds of rubles and oh, what was he thinking giving someone like her something like this? But she wanted it, ran her hands over the sleeves with slow, loving strokes and marvelling at the feel of it beneath her palm. She turned from side to side and admired her reflection, not wanting to think of all the names they called girls like her. They weren't kind names. She couldn't keep it, even if she wanted to, even if deep down she didn't care what they called her so long as he didn't stop looking at her the way he did. So long as he didn't look at her like the eyes in the mirror, shocked, sad, disappointed. “Maz!” Rey spun on her heel, her breath leaving her chest in a shuddering gasp as she saw the look on the old woman's anguished face. “Oh child,” she cried. “What have you done?” “Oh I....I didn't,” she stammered, something hot and terrifying twisting in her gut. “I didn't.” “Don't lie to me, child!” Maz uttered angrily. Rey let out a sob, tears pricking her eyes as Maz stepped closer, hurt written all over her face and Kylo's note clutched in her hand. “Oh what a fool I am!” “Maz,” she whimpered, tears streaming down her face. “Oh save your tears, you foolish girl,” she exclaimed. “You'll need them for yourself!” Rey's voice caught in her throat, the words choking her as she peeled the coat from her body and threw it into the box. “I wasn't......it isn't...” she babbled, cramming it in and fumbling to get the lid on top. “Oh doesn't it all make sense!” Maz accused. “I should have known it when he gave you all that money! Oh and you lied to me!” “I'm sorry,” Rey cried, her face itching as tears streamed down her cheeks. “You're sorry?” Maz gasped. “Oh you will be sorry!” She shuffled closer and looked Rey right in the eye. “You must put an end to it Rey! Put an end to it before it ruins you.” Maz clasped her hands and squeezed them so hard Rey thought she might pull them off. “I didn't want to do it,” she whimpered. Maz went very still her expression morphing slowly from despair to heartache as Rey continued. “I didn't want to do it but....he said he'd help us.” “What?” Maz uttered in disbelief. “He said he'd help Finn,” Rey sputtered. “I didn't know what to do. I only wanted to help him.” “Oh child,” Maz sobbed, throwing her arms around her and pulling her close. “Oh my precious child.” “I'll put an end to it,” she promised, her tears leaking onto Maz' shawl and glistening in the half light. “I'll send it back and I'll never see him again!” And in that moment, she believed it. Notes: Drama? You think you know drama. Strap in comrades, it's only going to get worse! PS Kylo means his nanny when he thinks of his nyanya. Chapter 27 Notes: Hello. You are awesome. I mean it. Some notes for you thankyou please. In Cyrillic, B sounds like V. So we are all calling him Ben. But really it's Ven - as in, Veniamin or Вениамин. That's Benjamin Russian style. Kylo is a knyaz, or rather, his uncle is, but we all suspect Uncle Luke has no progeny - at least, in this story. Knyaz translates as prince, but it is a distinctly Russian title. Maybe a Baron or a Lord or a Prince. Whatever it is, it's posh, it's aristocratic but hey, his mother was a princess. Thankyou to Elwyngirlie and KagamiSorciere because I really couldn't write this without you. They both write excellent reylo fics that I think you might enjoy. Thankyou to Snowflake for whom Snezhinka is named, for help with some Russian cultural touches. They make a huge difference to how this fic turns out. I hope you enjoy reading it as much as I enjoy writing it, and how I love your comments every single one. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) “What do you think?” Kylo turned to Phasima to find her staring at him an expectant look on her face. He stepped closer and turned to look at the painting that stood an easel before her, a strange blocky thing with bright colors and scratchy lines. He sucked his lips between his teeth and frowned. “What is it?” he asked and Phas tutted. “It's a woodcutter,” she chided, shaking her head. “Haven't you heard a word I said?” “It's a bit....childish, isn't it?” he commented and Phasima gaped at him like he had insulted her in the most base of ways. “You are about as discriminating as a plank of wood,” she told him, waving her hand at a suited young man with a moustache like a caterpillar. Kylo shrugged and stared at the picture as he waddled closer. “I like it so I'm having it.” “I suppose I'll have to carry it,” he complained as her painting was wrapped and she glared at him out of the corner of her eye. “Philistine,” she hissed. The carriage was cramped with the two of them, Phasima's equally long legs making it a little more snug than he was accustomed to. Not at all like the other woman in his life, the one that tucked neatly under his arm and snuggled close for warmth. It wouldn't be long now, he mused. “I've booked us a table for lunch,” Phas was saying, pulling off her gloves and inspecting her fingers. “Damn it,” she cussed, picking at her nail for a moment before chewing it off. “Lunch?” Kylo asked with a slight frown as he turned towards her. Her sable stole was a huge fluffy thing that tickled his ear every time he moved and the painting knocked against his knees as the carriage swayed. “I've got plans this afternoon.” “Well I think it's very rude of you to make me eat alone,” she scolded, affecting an air of heartbreak as his word. “Just have a little bite, won't you?” she urged, placing her hand on his knee and giving him a pleading look. Kylo sighed. “You booked here?” he inquired when they arrive, handing over his coat and observing Phasima sceptically. “Yes,” was her only reply, focussed as she was on her fingernails. Kylo handed his hat to the waiter and narrowed his eyes. “Not really your sort of place is it?” he commented, casting his eye around the dreary restaurant. It was virtually empty, a fog of cigar smoke lingering in the air and most of the chatter coming from the staff behind the bar. It certainly wasn't coming from the fusty old patrons sipping tea under the window, sour faced dowagers in fashions from last century and bearded old men sucking on the stinking stubs of their cigars. “It was recommended by a friend,” Phas blustered, taking his arm and leading him across the carpeted floor after the waiter. Kylo jerked his chin back and stared at her in confusion, a nagging suspicion shivering its way up his spine. “You treacherous witch,” Kylo hissed as they rounded a corner, his eyes falling on a lone figure struggling to his feet beside a table. “Now, Ben, just listen to me,” she urged, taking hold of his arm. “Get your hands off me,” he snapped, shaking her off angrily. “Ben,” the old man implored, stepping closer. Kylo clenched his jaw, his nostrils flaring as he exhaled an angry breath. “I've got nothing to say to you,” he growled with as much venom as he could muster but their lunch companion didn't flinch, just raised his steely blue eyes and stared back at him. “Ben!” Phas snapped, pushing his arm down. “Just sit down!” “I've come a long way to see you, Veniamin.” “I don't go by that name anymore,” Kylo informed him darkly. Their visitor took a slow breath and raised his chin defiantly. “I know things have been strained between us,” his continued. “And I must bear my share of responsibility for that.” “Haha,” Kylo choked, a deranged smile spreading across his face. “You came all this way for that? To patch things up? It's a little late for that!” “We're family. You owe me five minutes of your time at least.” “Owe you?” Kylo gasped. “I don't owe you anything.” “One day, everything I have will be yours Ben,” he replied. “My house. My title.” “Well that's very good of you, uncle, ” he spat. “But I don't want it and I don't need it.” “Ha you never change,” his uncle growled, turning away and clucking like hen. “You're just like your mother. Mule headed, arrogant....” “Luke!” Phasima chided, shooting a warning glance in his direction. “You promised to be civil!” “And you!” Kylo barked, turning on her and jabbing a finger in her face. “I knew you'd never come to dump like this without a good reason. I will never forgive you for this.” Phasima rolled her eyes. “Oh like I haven't heard that before,” she scoffed, pushing his hand down and rolling her eyes. Kylo pulled his hand back and took a step away from her. “Don't be angry at her Ben,” Luke uttered, stepping closer. “Phas only did as I asked her.” Kylo looked him up and down, the gray beard and tired eyes seeming feeble and old. But it didn't make it any less of a blow, didn't make Kylo feel any less like that scrawny little boy, staring up into the reproving eyes of his uncle and struggling with the weight of his own name. “I thought you were my friend,” he said accusingly, looking Phas in the eye. She deflated a little. “I'm your best friend,” she said softly, reaching for his fingers and squeezing them. He clenched his jaw and pulled his hand away, taking a step back. “I don't have any friends,” he spat, casting a surreptitious glance at his uncle. “And I don't have any family either.” Phas' brow furrowed with hurt but Kylo didn't stop to look, turning on his heel and stalking away. “It's your mother,” Luke called then and Kylo froze. He went still like a stone, staring at the carpet with unseeing eyes as his uncle continued. “She's not well.” He gulped and slowly, turned to look over his shoulder. “What?” Phasima uttered, her brow furrowed and her expression accusing. Kylo turned his face away to hide the quiver of his jaw, his fists clenching at his sides as Luke went on. “I wrote you letters,” he croaked, shuffling a little closer. “We both did.” Kylo sucked on his teeth, letting out a shuddering breath. “I suppose you didn't read them.” “No,” Kylo replied. “I didn't.” Luke took a deep breath and straightened his spine as Kylo turned to face him. “What is it?” he rasped, barely able to meet his uncle's eye. “It's her lungs Ben,” Luke explained gently, taking another step towards him. Kylo flinched, taking half a step back and Luke went still. “I'm taking her away,” he said softly. “To Switzerland.” “Switzerland?” Kylo gasped, pulling a face. “What for?” Luke cleared his throat, staring at the floor and shifting his cane across the carpet. Kylo looked to Phasima but she wouldn't meet his eye, sinking down onto a nearby seat and staring at some unknown spot in the wall instead. “She's dying,” Luke said eventually. Kylo paled, closing his eyes and taking a deep breath. He felt suddenly dizzy, his mother's letters turned to ash on the fire without ever being read and now he was choking on it. “Come home, Ben” Luke implored, shuffling closer and looking at his nephew with pleading eyes. “Please.” “I...” he stammered, the words warbling and deformed by the lump in his throat. He shook his head and clenched his jaw. “I can't do this,” he gasped. “Ben!” Luke called as he turned with long strides towards the door. “Ben wait,” Phasima urged, scurrying after him as he snatched his coat and hat from the stand. “Let me go,” he choked, pulling his arm out of her hand and grabbing at the door handle. “I'm sorry,” she uttered as he swung it open, the door frame rattling as it smacked against the wall. He heard Phasima cuss as he stepped out onto the street but he didn't tarry. He stuffed his hat on his head and pulled his coat up his arms, fumbling with the buttons as his long legs carried him on. “Hey!” Marek called as he stalked past the carriage but Kylo didn't acknowledge him, just paced away down the street as fast as his feet would carry him. “Where's he going?” he heard Marek say but then the streetcar rattled by, drowning out Phasima's reply. “I'll be off then,” Rey said, hovering inside the door and fussing with her hat. Maz was working at the table, the needle on the sewing machine chop chopping up and down over the fabric with rapid, rhythmic motion and the old pedal creaking beneath her feet. Maz looked up, tired old eyes appearing over the top of the machine as the wheel came to a stop. “I'm just going to return my books,” Rey explained. “And maybe choose some new ones.” Maz was silent and something in Rey's chest quaked unpleasantly like thrumming bowstring. It wasn't a feeling she enjoyed but it was one to which she was becoming accustomed. “I won't be long,” she murmured, looking Maz in the eye. Maz pursed her lips and nodded. “Alright then, child,” she replied after a minute. For some reason, that day, it irritated her more than it usually would. Rey's lashes fluttered, her lip twitching as she adjusted the strap across her chest and with a terse smile she turned out of the room. It was a dull day but not especially cold, the sky covered with a blanket of bright white cloud stained grey with coal smoke. It was snowing, of course, and Rey set as brisk a pace as she could muster as she made her way to the streetcar, her new boots carrying her smoothly along the ice bound road. It was crowded inside and she had to stand, pressing herself against the window as people elbowed their way in and out of the car. She swayed as it ground slowly forward, peering through the open door and staring at the silver gray rails that wound along the slushy ground. She felt flat, worn out by tears and accusing eyes, guilt and shame eating her up inside until she wondered if there was anything left. No, there was something but she didn't want to accept it just yet. As she approached the city center she hopped off a stop early, foreswearing the streetcar to walk the last few blocks to the library instead. Drawing near, a misty cloud of breath escaped her lips as she stopped to look around the square. It was quiet today, the regular bustle still on hold for the holiday season but she let her eye linger on a group of ladies in elaborate hats that hovered under a lamp post across the street. She couldn't hear what they were saying, was too far away to wonder about the words they shared as their mouths moved like a scene from a moving picture. One of them passed her umbrella to another, leaning against the lamp post to adjust her shoe. Rey watched them with envious eyes, taking in their fine coats and well made hats, the kind of thing she could only dream of making leave alone wearing. She sighed. Maybe Finn was right - if there was a revolution, it wouldn't matter anyway. She climbed the steps into the library, her damp boots squeaking on the marble floor as she walked inside. She loved this place, she could lost here, letting herself enjoy a few quiet moments in the reading room as she turned the pages of the journals and admired the photographs and illustrations inside. Rey let her mind wander to the fashionable boutiques on Tverskaya Street, the kind she'd only ever entered from the back with the occasional bit of piece work done for one of Maz' old friends. The kind of establishment where fashionable ladies like those on the street outside came and went through the beautifully dressed shop windows to wait on cushioned seats and peruse fashion magazines. And Rey wanted to wait on them, wanted to hear them gush over her embroidery and give her air kisses before they walked out into the world in something she had made. No, not the dreary kind of work that so often filled her days, shirts and trousers and adjusting other people's skirts, but the exciting kind of fashion that she longed for. High fashion, elegant gowns and beautiful dresses like the one she'd constructed so lovingly. And maybe she'd do it, maybe she'd take that money she'd made from it and buy a new sewing machine because what was the point of giving it back now anyway? She let out a huff of breath and closed the magazine, squaring her shoulders and nodding before she rose to her feet. She made her way out of the reading room and slithered between the stacks, plucking a couple of easy volumes off the shelves without too much thought before making her way towards the desk at the end. The clunk of the librarian's stamp inside her book seemed excessively loud in the stillness of the library, the only sound the occasional cough and the creaking of pages being turned. She stood stone still but for her eyes, darting around as they tracked his deft movements – the casual way he pulled open the drawer to find her record, the efficient bang of the chop inside the front covers of her books. Simple. Uncomplicated. “One month,” he told her politely, peering over his half moon spectacles to look her in the eye. “Thank you,” Rey chirped quietly, taking her time packing them into her knapsack unwilling as she was to face what awaited her outside. Her throat was dry as she made her way back into the hall, the lobby a little more lively than the room she had just left. Bodies came and went, shoes clip clopping on the stairs and people talking in low tones but none of them seemed to pay her any mind. Maybe she was still leery after the incident with Poe, or maybe it was her other business that was making her tense. She stared up at the big clock that hung by the stairs, the small hand still five minutes before the hour. Glancing around Rey gulped nervously, wondering if it wasn't an utterly terrible idea. The schools were all on break for the holiday and aside from Finn and Poe, there were very few people of whom she had the acquaintance that would come to a place like this. She crossed the floor to linger under a pillar, her palms sweaty beneath her gloves and her heartbeat loud in her ear. A part of her wondered if she couldn't just slip away without seeing him at all. The lord knew as well as she how well he dealt with rejection – in that he didn't deal with it at all. But if she didn't stay and face him, Rey couldn't be sure he wouldn't just come crashing into the workshop and make a scene. Rey couldn't be sure that she didn't want him to. Maz was right – she was foolish Time seemed to pass interminably and determined as she was not to watch the clock, watch it she did. It seemed an age passed until the hour finally struck, muted chimes sounding around the cavernous halls. Rey lingered, wondering if she couldn't bide her time with a cigarette somewhere before remembering she didn't have any. They would hover at the foot of the gate at the side, out of full view of the groundsmen who routinely chased stragglers away from the main steps. Smokers, drunks, agitators, lovers – they were all the same, undesirables that tainted the library's image as a haven of civilization and refinement. Rey snorted and shook her head. She'd been spending too much time with Poe. And still she waited and the minute hand moved on but Kylo did not appear. Rey scowled, huffing a discontented breath and muttering to herself. Just like him to keep her waiting, sure if he didn't want her begging. Wasn't that just like him? More minutes went by and she stared at the clock, the small hand at twenty now, Rey determined to wait no longer. She wasn't angry, she wasn't hurt, she wasn't. She wasn't. She didn't want to see him anyway, and who wanted to have the kind of words that they would have to have today? It's over. I can't see you. Please leave me be. It wasn't easy. It wasn't fair. Rey threw her knapsack over her shoulder and headed for the door, striding not down the main steps but turning left to slip out of the side gate instead. She could skip unnoticed into the back streets and disappear, get lost in the winding lanes that criss crossed the city and when she made it home she could look Maz in the eye and she wouldn't have to lie. She trotted down the steps and turned left again, the library building dominating the side of the narrow street. Horse carts rattled across the square behind her, her breath misting in front of her face as she paced briskly along and when she raised her head to check the path ahead, her heart leapt into her mouth. “Kylo,” she breathed, her voice barely a whisper. There he stood on the corner, his cheeks ruddy and his chest heaving with exertion. She narrowed her eyes as she looked him up and down, snow caked around his boots and a light dusting of white clinging to his coat and hat like he'd spent a long time walking. “Rey,” he croaked, his face screwing up as he paced the last few steps towards her and threw his arms around her. She yelped, panic flashing through her as he lifted her in an embrace. “Kylo,” she stammered, clutching at him tightly as her feet left the ground. “Oh Rey,” he said again, peppering her face with kisses before claiming her lips. It was the kind of kiss that only he could give her, demanding, devouring, her feeble sob of protest swallowed by his embrace. “I'm sorry,” he breathed kissing across her brow and down her nose before he clasped the back of her head in his palm. “I got stuck,” he rasped, pressing his cheek against hers. “I got stuck and I'm late.” Rey frowned at the uncharacteristic earnestness of his apology and pushed against his shoulders until he set her down. “Is something wrong?” she asked, observing the harried expression on his face. Kylo let out a huff of breath and smiled, a wan sad smile that didn't quite reach his eyes. “Oh no, not now,” he said, cupping her face in both hands. Rey blinked, her teeth worrying her lip as he leaned down to kiss her once more. She stilled him with her palms on his chest. “Kylo,” she chided, turning her face away. “Some one might see.” “I don't...” he protested before the words morphed into a thoughtful hum. “Why aren't you wearing your coat?” he asked a moment later, straightening up with a scowl on his face. “Don't you like it?” Rey gulped. “It's lovely,” she mumbled, avoiding his eye. “But you shouldn't have sent it.” Kylo took a deep breath. “What? So you're going to go around in this thing?” he groused, pinching at the sleeves of her coat. “You silly creature, you'll catch your death!” Rey stiffened, glaring up at him with an indignant pout. “Excuse me?” she hissed, batting his hand away. “You need to take better care of yourself,” Kylo said gruffly, stepping closer. “You want to get sick?” Rey opened her mouth to protest but then his face fell, his irritation melting away to be replaced by something more tender. “I'd hate it if anything happened to you,” he said, his Adam's Apple bobbing and his gloved hand coming to rest on her cheek. Oh, she would have to have a heart of stone not to be moved by the look on his face. “Is something bothering you?” she asked softly and he hummed, his teeth sinking into his lower lip as he stared at her mouth. He smiled. “Not anymore,” he said softly, taking her hand and turning his head to look up and down the street. “Let's get out of this cold.” “I don't have a lot of time,” Rey stammered, paling a little as he urged her onward, leading her across the street and into a narrow lane where the bright white stone of the square turned to red brick. “I know a place,” he prattled. “It's not far.” “Oh,” was the only reply she could muster, glancing around at the lead lined windows along the lane. Rey supposed it was not the sort conversation best had on the street and it was easy enough to convince herself to go with him, it was easier than admitting she was a coward. Kylo held her hand in a firm grip as they walked along the empty street, quiet she supposed because of the season. Their footsteps echoed up the walls and she glanced up his profile, and it felt oddly....natural, like it was something that they had done a hundred times before. She peered at the signs on the wall as they passed, lawyer, notary, accountant, a bookshop, a stationer, the kinds of establishments that spoke of business rather than pleasure. “Here it is,” he said eventually, stepping up to a glass paned door and hustling her inside. “Monsieur, Madame,” a waiter greeted, gliding over and taking Kylo's hat. Kylo didn't correct him and Rey wasn't sure how to feel about being somebody's madame. “It's quiet here,” Kylo told her as he removed his coat. “No-one will disturb us.” He guided her through the cafe with a gentle hand between her shoulders, following the waiter as he nestled them in a quiet nook at the back and for that Rey was grateful. It was spare kind of a place, devoid of the ostentation of their usual meetings, but it was a fine place all the same - even if it was mostly empty. The walls were clad with panels of dark, the floorboards polished but not gleaming. Around them gentlemen were seated at low chairs with broadsheets of newspapers hiding their faces and some at plain wooden tables, conversing in low tones with serious expressions. To one side Rey spied a woman, clad much the same as she, in a long dark skirt and high collared blouse. She was talking animatedly with a young man as he glanced over the book that lay open between them, stroking his beard and nodding thoughtfully. “Tea,” Kylo instructed as the waiter seated them. “Assam.” “Very good sir,” the waiter averred. “And something sweet,” Kylo mused. He looked her in the eye and his lip twitched in a vague smile. “Yes?” he inquired. “I can't stay long today,” she replied, averting her eyes. “Alright,” he agreed, shaking his head at the waiter and then they were alone. Rey was adjusting her skirt for want of something better to do and when she looked up, Kylo smiled at her softly. He reached across the table and laid his hand across her, squeezing her fingers gently. “I've been thinking about you,” he said softly. Rey blinked and bit her lip to distract herself from the sinking feeling in her stomach. “Have you?” she murmured and he hummed. “Yes,” he replied, giving her a soft smile. Rey stared at his tie and took a deep breath, letting it out slowly. When she finally looked him in the eye, they were distant somehow, his expression almost....troubled. “You look very beautiful,” he told her gently, squeezing her hand and she felt suddenly very self conscious. Rey blushed as the waiter approached and set down the tea cups, the porcelain neither very fine nor rustic neither but elegantly functional – businessnesslike. “I like it English style,” Kylo explained, releasing her hand and lifting the top off the small teapot. “Do you?” He looked at her again and smiled, stirring a spoon around inside the pot before pouring it between their cups. “Yes,” he continued. “Milk?” “If you like.” Kylo set the pot down and dropped some sugar into his cup, hovering over hers and looking her in the eye questioningly until she nodded. “Don't drink it from the saucer though,” he told her. “Or they'll never invite you for tea again.” “Who won't?” Kylo smiled. “The English,” he replied. Rey's brow furrowed a little. “I've never met any, ” she commented, stirring her own tea for a long time. “I ah....I went to school there for a while,” Kylo told her after a minute and Rey blinked. “Oh?” she asked, her curiosity piqued just a little. “And how was that?” Kylo shrugged and stared into his cup, raising it slowly to his lips as he answered. “I wasn't there very long,” he confessed. At her hesitation he elaborated. “I was expelled.” Rey's eyes went wide. “What for?” she asked, leaning closer. Kylo sipped his tea and smiled wanly. “Fighting,” he said reluctantly. “Oh dear,” Rey observed, taking a dainty sip of her tea and finding that it was nicer than she had anticipated. Kylo let out a wry bark of amusement and emptied his cup, digging into his coat and pulling out his cigarettes. “Did they pick on you?” she prodded gently. “Because you were foreign.” Kylo took a cigarette out and tapped it against the top of the case, turning it over and over in his fingers. “They called me Boris,” he said with a huff of laughter, the sound mocking but not entirely bitter. “Or Ivan. Or big ears.” “Big ears?” she asked with a frown. Kylo smiled at her indulgently. “Didn't you notice?” he asked, brushing back his hair to reveal one definitively large round ear. Rey smiled. “No,” she admitted. “No, I didn't notice.” Kylo smiled so hard his eyes crinkled at the corners and his hand reached out to take hers once more. “I'm glad you're here,” he told her. Rey observed him curiously. “Has something happened?” she asked after a moment. “You seem....” Rey shrugged vaguely. Kylo looked away, the smile on his face meant to convey that he was fine but something in his eyes betraying him and Rey wondered if she shouldn't have asked. “I suppose,” he mused absently, passing the unlit cigarette between his fingers. “You don't have to tell me,” she demurred, shaking her head and taking hold of her cup. Maybe it would be better if he didn't. Kylo stared at her as she took a sip of tea, rubbing her lips together anxiously before she set it back down in the saucer. His lashes fluttered over his eyes, his lip twitching and after a moment he cleared his throat. “I ah...I saw my uncle this morning,” he said eventually, staring at the table. Rey didn't speak and he peeked at her through his long lashes. “We haven't spoken in a long time.” “Oh,” she replied dumbly, not entirely sure what she was supposed to say. Kylo worked his jaw back and forth, his lip quivering and his throat bobbing. “We don't get on,” he confessed. Rey tapped her fingernail against the side of her teacup and waited for him to continue. “I'm something of a disappointment to the family,” he elaborated. Rey's brow furrowed a little, observing him cautiously as she tried to figure out what to say. Kylo let out a huff. “Yes I suppose it all seems very indulgent to someone like you.” “Someone like me?” she asked, a hint of defensiveness in her tone. Kylo looked her up and down, pursing his lips and fiddling with the cigarette. “I just meant...” he stammered. An orphan , he didn't say. Rey sipped her tea. Kylo put his unlit cigarette down, leaning a little closer and closing his hand over hers. Rey wanted to protest as he turned her hand palm up and ran his thumb across it in slow circles, but there was something so tender in the gesture that the words died in her throat. “It's my mother,” he said hesitantly, staring at his thumb in her hand. “She's not well.” “Oh Kylo,” Rey said, sympathy bubbling up inside of her. “I'm sorry.” He squeezed her fingers and gave her a weak smile. His lips moved like he was going to speak, a strange sound issuing from his throat like the words had become stuck here. “You don't have to tell me if you don't want.” “It's alright,” he ventured, picking up her hand and playing with her fingers. Rey nodded, her heart constricting as he looked at her with wide, gentle eyes. What was she supposed to do with him now? “It's her lungs,” Kylo said eventually, holding both her hands now and toying with them idly. “That's terrible,” she murmured. Kylo closed his eyes and pressed her knuckles against his lips. “You're sweet,” he breathed, unfolding her fingers and laying her hand against his jaw. Her breath hitched as a moment later he turned to kiss her palm, his lips tracking a path down along the inside of her wrist. Rey flushed hotly as he opened his eyes and looked right at her with an expression so full of longing it made her wince. “I'm glad you're here,” he said softly, her lip trembling as he closed his large hand over hers. Rey shivered, whatever she had intended to say to him sticking in her throat as she looked into those sad brown eyes of his. He seemed... younger somehow and not at all like the bossy, overbearing Kylo she had met before. It wasn't like him at all, at least, not when he had his clothes on. She'd only ever glimpsed this Kylo after, someone lonely and oddly kind. “I can't stay,” she said gently pulling her hand away and dropping her gaze. Kylo frowned, visibly deflating but she pretended not to notice and drank her tea instead. “I'm sorry I was late,” he said with a cough. “This ah....this isn't quite what I had in mind,” he added gesturing at the cafe around them. “It's fine,” Rey assured him with a curt nod. “There's a nice place I thought of,” he said, fiddling with his teaspoon. “On Myasnitskaya. They have this special kind of tea from China.” Rey stared at him, her mouth opening and closing but no sound came out. “It's a flower that opens up inside your cup,” he added, his voice very quiet and his expression hopeful. “It's very pretty.” “Kylo,” she replied, staring at his tie. She could feel his eyes on her, his long sigh expressing his dejection. “No, I suppose.... people will talk ,” he said bitterly, dropping the spoon and reaching for the milk. Rey closed her eyes as he poured himself a cup of tea with more vigor than was necessary. "I think I see where this is going." “Kylo I'm not like you,” she said, her voice wavering ever so slightly. “Aren't you?” he mused sardonically. She stiffened. “My reputation is all I have.” He huffed a bitter laugh, the tea gurgling into his cup and the pot rattling against the table as he set it down. “Oh Rey,” he said, the sugar cubes dropping into his cup with a plip plop. “Believe me, I know all about that.” Rey was silent, watching him with a pained look on her face as he took a drink. “God I hate this,” he said angrily, clanking his cup back down hard enough into the saucer to make her flinch. “I'm sorry,” she gulped, taking a fortifying breath and meeting his eye. “You're sorry?” he asked with a grimace. He held her gaze, those wide brown eyes silently pleading with her. “It's not fair,” he complained quietly. “I like you. I just....want to know you.” She let out a ragged breath and looked away. “And you like me. What's so wrong about that?” “I don't know what to say,” she confessed after a long, tense moment passed. Kylo coughed and inhaled a sharp breath. “Perhaps your people have got it right?” he mused. Rey's lashes fluttered as she turned her gaze back to him. “My people?” she queried. “The reds,” he supplied and she blinked. “You know what they say?” “Enlighten me,” Rey retorted passively. He smiled. “They say all of this,” he said, gesturing vaguely around them. “That it stops us being who we really are. That it's.... unnatural .” She held his eye, watching his expression soften in defeat. “I must say.... I'm inclined to agree.” They sat like that for a moment, just staring at one another and she thought it might be the first time she ever heard any sense out of him. “You think I'm a brute don't you?” “I...” she began, the words trailing off to nothingness as she looked at his sad, stupid face. “Maybe I am,” he agreed, his lashes fluttering. “But I... wanted you. I still do.” His jaw flexed from side to side, his gaze flitting up and down her face. “Don't you want me too?” Rey was frozen, regret washing through her and weighing her down, like wading through the lake with you coat and boots on and wondering why it was difficult to swim. Kylo leaned closer, his knuckles stroking down her cheek and his eyes fixed on her lips. “It's good isn't it?” he asked quietly. “When I touch you?” She shivered, something inside of her clenching hotly as his breath tickled her cheek. “Oh I like to touch you,” he whispered. “And you like it too.” “Kylo” she gasped, blushing furiously. He winced, his expression unbearably needy and anguished. “Come home with me,” he implored and she shuddered. Kylo reached forward to hold her head with gentle hands. “And I'll kiss every part of you.” “Oh god,” she groaned and this time when he kissed her, she didn't turn away. Her fingers snaked into his hair, pulling him closer as he crushed his mouth against hers. Her elbow collided with the tabletop, the teacups rattling and a single steel teaspoon clattering to the floor. “Shit!” she sobbed, pulling back and inhaling a ragged breath. “Rey,” Kylo uttered, reaching for her again. She pushed her chair back, the legs squealing against the floorboards. “I....I have to get home,” she gasped, rising abruptly to her feet and pacing towards the door. “Fuck,” she heard him curse, crockery clanking loudly and a waiter scurrying across the floor. Rey helped herself to her coat and hurriedly pulled down her arms. She didn't stop to see if he was following, just slipped out into the street and started to pace towards the main road as she fumbled with her hat. The snow crunched as her boots pounded the earth, her breath loud in her ears as she hurried down the street. It was no surprise to hear him call her name, and even less when his hand closed around her arm to pull her into his embrace. “Rey,” he choked, his expression wild and his eyes imploring. “Kylo,” she cried as he pulled her into his arms and kissed her. It was impossible to resist him, and what was the point anyway? Wasn't it exactly what she wanted? It was still snowing, the empty lane devoid of footprints except their own. Rey wrapped her arms around his shoulders and kissed and kissed and kissed him, right there, just the two of them standing in the center of the icebound road. “I'll do anything you say,” he told her as they broke apart. Rey panted heavily and stared at his wide brown eyes. “You have to be patient,” she insisted and Kylo nodded enthusiastically. “I can,” he assured her solemnly. “I will.” “And you mustn't send me things,” Rey chided. Kylo shook his head. “It doesn't look good,” he agreed. Rey's lip curled up in a slow smile. “Oh,” she murmured, staring absently over his shoulder. “What is it?” he asked, his face twisted with concern. Rey gulped and looked at him sheepishly. “I forgot my bag,” she told him meekly. Kylo smiled and set her down very gently. “Well then I'll get it for you.” Notes: I ship it HARD!