The Fight that Started it All You were young. You were powerful, and the lot of the people on the base respected you. Just like he did. ~ Almost everyone on the base, whichever you were on at the moment, would make a point to come watch one of your training sessions. You had always been used to fighting for a crowd, this was no different. The poor idiot who had challenged you today was just that, a poor idiot. You almost held sympathy for the man… almost. You had a predilection for using classic weaponry against your opponent’s, enjoying the pride that came with being skillful with any weapon. Today, you had your battle axe, heavy and dangerously sharp to the point it would cut through any type of armor that dared challenge you. The poor idiot picked to challenge you on the wrong day, maybe with a blaster, he had a chance, but not with your axe. You spun the weapon in hand, sizing him up. He had height as an advantage for sure, but you had him in strength and speed. You tossed the weapon into the air, not expecting him to become distracted so easily, yet you already had a wide opening. You caught your axe and began to move fast, it seemed you suddenly appeared in front of him, your movement with your axe was just as fast. When you stepped away you watched him come forward, bit by bit his armor and part of his clothes falling away. You hadn’t left a single mark on his skin. As he stared at you in horror, you watched in amusement as his helmet finally fell off, it sliced in two, right down the middle. Your audience was silent, your opponent terrified, yet all you could do was laugh. It wasn’t dark, or malicious in any way, just amused by the look of horror. “Hey, you should see me with a dagger, then I’m really fast.” you smirked out. The man shook his head out of his horror, falling to his knees before you. “I’m sorry I challenged you, Sergeant Major L/n, I thought I could at least last longer than the last one.” He bowed his head in shame. You let out a chuckle, holding out your hand. “To your credit, you got me on battle axe day, not very many people last longer than 45 seconds with me on battle axe day, and you at least lasted 50.” You winked at the man as he took your offered hand, you were pulling him up out of his shock. Your audience had fallen into chuckles. This was merely your opening act. Normally Captain Phasma would challenge you, or maybe even General Hux, but something different happened today. Kylo Ren decided to try his hand at the most legendary fighter of the First Order. Your audience quieted as the man in black stepped forward. You could feel his eyes on you and they were intrigued. You felt it best to let him be the first to speak. “How long do you think I will last?” You rose a brow in amusement, even more so when he grabbed his weapon and flung it to the other side of the room. You grinned, throwing your battle axe with such ease and precision, it embedded within the wall with a slicing noise, right next to your previous challenger’s head. “That depends, are you going to use the force in our fight, or are we merely going to use our bodies, Commander?” You settled your hands onto your hips, head quirked to the side in fascination of the man before you. “I will not.” “I have no idea, having only seen you battle with your body and your light saber, we’ll just have to find out, won’t we?” You couldn’t see beyond that damn mask, but you could feel the slight adrenaline rushing through him, you knew because the same was happening within yourself. You both stood idly watching, for only a brief moment, sizing each other up, but as soon as he moved, you leapt into the air, completely dodging him. You wrapped your thighs around his neck, trying to use your weight and momentum against him, only feeling those gloved hands rip you from his shoulders. So, he had impressive strength, only slightly stronger than yourself, unless he was holding back for your sake. You crouched low on the floor before bouncing up like a god damn spring and landed a punch hard in the sternum, you heard his breath stutter out before you felt a chest being pressed against yours, your hands and arms locked above you. He was trying to use his height. Everyone always did. It never worked. You swung the whole of your body up, leaning to the side and re-placing yourself on top of his shoulders, he once more tried ripping you off, but you knew his strength now, though you felt he did not quite know yours. In a swift rocking motion you had him falling onto his back, you quickly swinging around to keep his neck pinned to the ground with your knees, and your hands locking his onto his chest. You could have sworn you heard General Hux choke out a laugh. However, you knew Lord Ren was not done, you left his legs. In a great heave of momentum, and impressive speed, even including your own, he flipped you onto your back, your hair spreading out around you and your body still furled up. Kylo Ren used the whole of his body to keep you furled up, unable to move. You were both panting heavily. He saw respect in your eyes, and he could feel a light pull from you, knowing that you had even the slightest bit of force power in you to read his flood of respect for you. He was not expecting you to push your limbs out, causing him to momentarily lose his balance and land his cowl between your breasts. You gripped his shoulders and rolled on top of him, your knees holding his upper body in place while your hands held his thighs. Never one to be out done, you felt something wrapping around your leg, in your moment of distraction, you were once more pinned to the ground, as soon as you realized, you were kind of impressed. “You cheated.” you panted out. “I didn’t use the force at all for the fight.” You rose a brow. “You allowed yourself to be distracted.” You conceded before him. He was right. Your head fell back onto the mat. “I haven’t been beat in three years, congratulations Commander.” you smiled out. He quickly removed himself from you, nodding at you in approval you felt, and then was gone. You pushed yourself back up with a grin. That had been the most exciting fight you had had in long while. Though you had no idea what you had sparked in the man. He felt the need to beat you, honestly. And he would try, though if he was honest with himself he knew there was more he felt. The peace that overtook him during that fight was something he was going to chase. ~ News spread quickly through the Star Killer base that you had almost defeated Kylo Ren, news also spread that you had truly been the one to win, Kylo tricked you somehow using the Force. You shook your head whenever anyone tried to talk to you about it. You did your best to focus on your troops, your elite group of fighters that you were cultivating to be the best First Order soldiers. Storm troopers were great, but had poor aim, except for Captain Phasma’s personal group. She had trained them personally and they were most competent. Still. You had your elites trained with a variety of weapons, hand to hand combat, and several different fighting styles. Your fighter’s looked to you with such respect and admiration, all of your peers, underlings and over seers did. But, all you cared about was the fight. The act . Perhaps one day, you would care for more, but right now all you needed was your training sessions, and your audience. Chapter 2 : And so It Began Summary: It intrigued you that, Matt, The Radar Technician, had the same aura as Kylo Ren. Naturally, you invite him in for tea to investigate. Notes: Thanks for all the sweet reveiws and kudos, lovely readers. I appreciate them! Have some fluff with the beginning spirals of plot! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) He was looking for that gods forsaken general. He just received a bit of news, a slight change of plans from the Supreme Leader. Normally, his hatred of the man he was searching for blinded him from any of the meaningless drivel that fell from the mouths around him, yet now he found himself angry for another reason, a very different reason. Some low ranking officers were gathered around the viewing bay of the training areas. They were talking about you . About how it must feel to be in… in bed with someone so powerful, to have your powerful thighs wrapped around their waists, or their heads. Even to have you put them in their place. He was enraged. They hadn’t noticed him until he was right behind them. He himself was staring down at you for a moment, your ever wild hair flipping about as you were training your elites. Your last group had been transferred to the Supreme Leader. Kylo briefly remembered Snoke being immensely pleased with his new guards, your men and women. The three of the men that had finally silenced themselves were flung to opposite ends of the room. No one had the right to think of you like that, let alone talk about you in such a manner. Though as he thought about it, he too wondered what it would be like to have your thighs wrapped around him again… ~ You blinked at the man in front of you. He was… incredibly cute, very tall, very blond, and pretty socially inept. He also gave off the same aura as Kylo Ren did. You rose your brows in amusement. There must have been a spy on board or something, some type of secret mission requiring this of him. Supreme Leader must have demanded this. You shook your head as you looked at the man. Feeling eyes on him he turned and saw you staring at him unabashed. He felt so vulnerable like this. A blush rose to his face. He saw you smirk and wink at him. This only caused his blush to further. He nervously made his way towards you, sitting down next to you awkwardly. He must have felt so out of place, you thought. “Matt, right?” He nodded, very shy. He felt so dumb. “I’m Y/n.” You were smiling so kindly towards him, and not the smile you wore in battle or while training, it’s like you found his nerves endearing. He couldn’t help himself. “I heard Kylo Ren really likes you.” Well, you weren’t expecting that, but you smiled none the less. He sputtered for a moment before correcting himself. “I mean… he uh, he likes how you fight. Kylo Ren admires you.” The man nodded, as if he wasn’t shouting just a moment ago. You fought back your chuckle. “I really admire him as well.” The man next to you stilled, his eyes widening a fraction, urging you to go on. “I think he’s an incredible leader and source of power and strength for the First Order. I understand sometimes he gets frustrated, but regardless, I know he works tirelessly for the order and for Supreme Leader. I really like him too.” you finished, your eyes softening as you looked at this man who had no idea what to do with his happiness, though you could feel it radiating off of him in waves. “Matt, would you mind walking me to my chambers?” It truly was a request, not a command. Even as Kylo Ren, he would have said yes, but as Matt, he merely stood nervously, shyly nodding. “Thank you.” “Thank you, Sergeant Major L/n.” He bowed his head to you as he led you from one of the common break rooms. He felt so… happy that one of the people he respected most in the Order, felt the same. You held no apprehension or fear of the man, he could feel it in you, you feared no one. It was incredibly admirable, perhaps stupid in some cases, yet he found being in your presence so relieving. He didn’t notice that he himself had punched in the codes to your door, but you said nothing, he didn’t even think about it, though you caught it, gentle smile ever present. “Matt, you can come in if you’d like.” He paused, did you often invite radar technicians into your private rooms? “I just want to have a word with you.” He suddenly felt nervous again. Were you going to reprimand him for not knowing what a calcinator was? He nodded and awkwardly side stepped into the rooms. “Would you like some tea, or coffee, or would you like something cold?” “Tea?” “Alright.” He awkwardly sat on your bright yellow couch, looking around at was probably the cheeriest room on the entire base. He wondered if all of your rooms were decorated the same. Feeling strangely at peace, he found he had been lost in his thoughts, as you finally set down the warm mug in front of him. He picked it up, pleased at the warmth seeping into his skin and took a sip, happily surprised that you had put honey in his drink. “Are you comfortable?” He nodded, sinking a bit deeper into your couch. “Have people been giving you a rough time as Matt?” He found himself nodding, so comfortable in your presence. He wasn’t even this comfortable in his own chambers. “I’m so sorry, Lord Ren, I know working here as a new person isn’t always easy.” He once again found himself nodding. Then it registered. You realized this as he froze with the cup to his lips. He wasn’t angry, strangely enough he felt… disappointed. “Calm yourself, Lord Ren. I know Snoke probably has you on a mission, am I right?” Kylo Ren visibly deflated, nodding and pulling off his wig at the same time. “I’m to try and find a spy within the ranks, get close to people, what have you.” he sighed. He was wondering if you only said the things you did because you knew. “That’s smart. Let me know if you need assistance. Many of the people in the order seem to be fond of me, especially the new ones.” you smiled, carefully sipping at your own drink. “By the way, I meant everything I said about you.” You saw him relax a bit. “May I sit next to you?” He nodded, not caring. He wondered how many others were able to see through ‘Matt, The Radar Technician’ “May I place my legs over your lap, Commander?” Once again he nodded, lost in thought while he rose his arm for you to place your legs where you so wished. It was only when he realized he was gently stroking his fingers over the soft skin of your calve, that he realized you were kind of on top of him and he hadn’t noticed, or cared. This kind of serenity was not something he often had. You were quietly reading when you peeked over your book to look at him. “What’s wrong?” “I’m not used to this.” he admitted quietly. “Neither am I, but I quite like having you around. You make me feel like there is more to my life than just fighting. I like that.” You were always so candid and honest. How did someone like you come to be part of the First Order? “You are so kind for a fighter, yet it does not hinder your ability to fight or kill your opponent.” He was eyeing you curiously, you had set your book down over your stomach and his hand had resumed its ministrations on your leg. “I want to restore balance just as you do. My kindness has never been misconstrued as weakness, at least not after someone has come to see one of my personal training sessions. Usually, they are then put back into their place, knowing what true bodily power looks like, and what it feels like to be defeated in front of your peers. I’ve noticed the people that challenge me end up being more proficient fighters in their groups. I am motivation and destruction simultaneously. I believe that’s what Snoke said to me during our last meeting…” Your eyes rose in thought, focused on the memory. “You speak to Snoke as well then?” “Why else would he have my last batch of elites at his door?” Kylo Ren felt himself smiling just the smallest bit, but he didn’t have the immediate urge to remove his smile. “I don’t know how to feel about this. I feel so serene, when normally I’m very torn.” “You’re welcome anytime you need a reprieve, sir.” “To your quarters, or to you?” “Both.” And so it began. Notes: Sweet precious bby Ren, just let it happen! Let confident proud rea-tan wrap you up in her arms and hold you! Have a happy day, readers! Chapter 3 : The Man Behind the Mask Summary: Kylo comes to you for peace, but you're both wondering what is growing in between you. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The first time it happened, Snoke had told him that the person he sent him was disposed of, and that there was another spy in their midst that he had to find. Kylo was going on a rampage. He wasn’t destroying anything, but he was searching for you, ripping through the base to find you, whether he intended to get his aggression out with a fight or to steal you away for peace, he had not decided yet. He found you in a cafeteria. The room immediately fell silent. “Sergeant Major, you are needed, immediately .” He then turned away and heard your quick soft foot falls behind him. He punched in the numbers to your room before angrily sitting on your couch. You were then more or less pulled on top of him, your thighs now draped over his as him arm supported your back. He was glaring at the painting you had above your hologram projector. You quirked your head to the side as you felt his fingers slowly start to trace nonsensical shapes on your thighs, his anger ebbing. You carefully held your hands in your lap, completely aware he was not fond of foreign touch, but you were wondering if it would be inappropriate to take off his mask. “Lord Ren?” You saw the slightest nod of recognition. “May I remove your head piece, sir?” Another imperceptible nod. Your hands carefully found the release at the back of his neck, the slight hiss telling you that you had succeeded in removing it. “Permission to touch you, sir?” Another slight nod, this one more hesitant. You gently threaded your fingers into his hair, finding that he moved into the touch, rather than away from it. “You don’t need to keep up the formalities here. Call me what you will.” he muttered, that serenity filling him, making him lean into your touch. “Kylo,” his name felt odd on your tongue, but lovely none the less, “what happened?” He felt your fingernails gently scrape along his scalp, the feeling was foreign, but very welcomed. “I found one of the apparent many spies aboard the base. I need to actually learn how to be a radar technician.” You heard the frustration in his voice, though it only caused you amusement. “You’re a very fast learner, Kylo, I’m sure all will be well.” Your fingertips drifted to his neck and shoulder, carefully rubbing circles there. “I know you’re mildly force sensitive. If I find out that this is why I feel like this around you, you will be punished.” He heard you snort and realized he had closed his eyes at your touch as he had to open them to look at you. “I think you would know if I was doing that. I think I would know if I were. Snoke once told me I had a balanced soul, causing those around me to feel calm. But I think it is for this reason you often watched and watch me train, correct? This, peace?” Your fingers slipped under his chin, carefully making him face you. Your eyes were, gentle, inquisitive. “I believe so.” “Am I to be punished, Commander?” “No, Sergeant Major.” You continued gently touching him until he deemed it reasonable for him to leave, although very reluctantly. ~ You heard him before you saw him. There were people flooding from the room, though you felt that room calling to you. You stepped through the threshold, finding most of the room in smoke, wires dangling from the ceiling, and durasteel panels melting as Kylo cut into them. You saw him in the middle of it, breath ragged and uneven. General Hux was watching with boredom etched on his features. When his gaze wandered to you, and you moving closer, he became mildly worried. “Commander Ren, may I have a word with you in private, Sir?” His mask snapped onto you and he fled from the room, raising a single hand in motion for you to follow him. Once again, you saw your numbers being punched in as your doors opened. He tossed his helmet onto the floor and pulled you in, slamming down onto your couch with you wrapped in his arms, almost like a pouting child holding his safety blanket. You tentatively rose your hand, only to have him place his cheek into your open palm. “Kylo, are you alright?” That question made him freeze. He turned to you slowly, almost as if he was in disbelief. He had destroyed another command room, tore it to shreds as people literally ran away screaming, and you were worried as to if he had hurt himself in the encounter. “Are you alright, Sir?” Your thumb stroked across the bone of his cheek, your brows drew together in concern. “I’m alright.” he murmured. He saw that gentle smile stretch across your lips. “Was it the General who upset you?” He nodded lightly. You hmm’d in response, once again beginning to thread your fingers through his hair. He let out a sigh of relief through his nose and leaned into the touch you so willingly offered. “Why aren’t you afraid of me?” “Should I have reason to be?” you asked. “Many, but none at the moment.” “Precisely.” You were one of the fiercest fighter’s he had ever seen or met, and yet you had the most gentle soul. That was the only way to describe it. You had a passionate, yet gentle soul… Balanced. This allowed his dark one to lay into yours like a head to rest on a pillow. “You know, some of the men have been asking if there was going to be a rematch, considering some think I won that day, and some think you did.” you mentioned, offhand. “You did win.” “I am well aware.” He peeked an eye open to see you smirking at him. “Stop that.” He watched as you struggled to hide your grin. At least you were trying to follow orders. He didn’t notice he himself was starting to smile at your own attempts to stop. “You first.” He rose a hand to cup your cheek, the leather of his glove feeling out of place. He bit the tip of his glove, pulling it off. You quirked your head to the side in that sweet fashion you had. He replaced his hand on your cheek, smoothing his thumb over your skin as you had done for him. He wondered if his skin felt as soft as when you touched him. “No.” he muttered. He held you like that for a long while, before he had to leave for a scheduled meeting with Hux. Though he pulled you into his chest before he left his new sanctuary. ~ “Watch, Matt. She is the toughest person aboard the Starkiller right now that Kylo Ren is out on a mission.” The man looked at the nametag on his colleague’s shirt. “Yeah, Reginald. Kylo Ren thinks she’s really important in the First Order.” he said in typical awkward Matt fashion. He was dazed as you continued to fight off Captain Phasma with a dagger, whose blade was as large as your small hand, and winning. He watched as your hair, always ever down, swayed and flipped with your leaps and jumps, making critical hit points on Phasma’s person. She had only been able to land one hit on you with the hilt of her blaster, the rest of her shots you were dodging like they were child’s play, though if you were a second too slow, you would have been dead by now. As the minutes wore by, Phasma eyed you with amusement, as parts of her training armor fell off her body. The man hadn’t noticed that Reginald had asked him to call him ‘Reggie’ or that he kept prattling on about how you were of the most importance when it came to success as the elite’s you trained always had the most kills and most successful rescue and capture missions. “Wow, Matt, it looks like you’re really into watching the Sergeant Major.” “She’s incredible.” he muttered. “You like her more than you like Kylo Ren?” Reggie watched on in amusement as trouble crossed the young man’s visage. “I’m going to challenge her!” Matt shot up and ran down the stairs leading to the training room. You and Phasma were laughing lowly as Kylo Ren in full Matt gear came barreling towards you. Phasma, being one of the higher ups knew full well of the plan taking course with Ren being Matt and found him more tolerable in this awkward technician form. Though you found all sides of him to be more than tolerable. “Sergeant Major L/n!” he was looking at you expectantly and you rose an amused brow. “Yes, Matt?” “May I challenge you, ma’am?” Both yourself and Phasma were surprised when he bowed lowly to you, though you knew this to be from his admiration of your skills. “Of course. Do you wish to be unarmed or armed, Matt?” He stood awkwardly thinking for a moment. This might not have been the best idea. If he won, you looked incompetent, but if he won, Matt would be respected! But Kylo Ren none more… He sighed and looked at your sword. He grabbed it, while you grabbed that incredibly large battle axe. “Armed it is.” You nodded to him, as he did to you, then lurched forward. You easily took all the blows with your battle axe. You slid under the space of his legs and swiped, he felt the tear in his uniform. You ducked, missing a blow to your head. You leapt high into the air, missing his charge at you as you quickly worked on slicing through parts of his uniform. You tossed your battle axe with ease back into your personal weapon arsenal, and watched as he stood still, about to strike, when the sleeves, and pant-legs of his uniform fell to the ground in tatters. He blinked at you, still wondering where you had the time. “All things considered, Matt, you did rather well.” You smiled at him, leaning against your arsenal. “Don’t tell Kylo Ren, but I think I like you more than him.” he said it quietly enough so that only you heard it. You felt a bloom of sadness grow within you. He liked you more than he liked himself, while he was in awe of you, you would forever be in awe of the man behind the mask. Notes: KYLO REN NEEDS YOUR SUPPORT AND NEEDS IT NOW DAMN IT SLOW BURN PISSES ME OFF SOMETIMES SO WHAM WE'RE FUCKING DIVING INTO THAT SHIT Chapter 4 : Such Comfort in Touch Summary: Kylo Ren visits you in the night, and you save "Matt" from a growing problem. Notes: There's plot here,also fluffy garbage, have fun. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) It was very late one night when you heard your numbers being angrily punched in. You got out of bed quietly when you heard those hard footfalls before the inevitable slam into your couch. His head was in his hands but when he heard you he took off his headpiece and tossed it to the ground, he leant back and was looking to his lap and back to you. The state of your mostly undress didn’t seem to bother him at the moment as you wrapped an arm around his shoulders and settled into his lap. He gripped your thigh and pulled you flush against him, the rush made you set your other hand on his heaving chest. Those brown eyes were boring into your own, searching for something. After a moment, he sighed in relief, resting his forehead in the crook of your neck. “Kylo, what’s happening?” You threaded your fingers into that incredibly soft hair once again. “I had a dream you were the spy, and I had to make sure.” You felt his lips moving against your neck and you leaned into him, it felt nice. “You were in my head.” He nodded tiredly, now smoothing his lips up and down your neck. You craned your head, giving him more access to your skin. In your light night gown, there wasn’t much that wasn’t bared to him, but you could at least make it known you were inviting him. Those lips gently ran across your collar bone, pressing a careful kiss where your neck and shoulder met. “What did you see?” “You’re loyal to the First Order. And you’re loyal to me.” His breath puffed against your skin in lulling waves. But there was something that was bothering him still. “Why were you not in pain while I was in your mind?” “There is only pain when you resist and have walls around your mind. I have none.” He pressed another kiss to your jaw, happy he could finally give you something in return for what you had given him. These ministrations he was doing to your neck were making your body relax much more against him than you normally did. “You would not resist me?” His lips were at your chin, and you were feeling so delightfully… what were you feeling, whatever it was, it was divine. “No. I trust you.” You uttered those words with such sincerity, it nearly made him dizzy. You felt his mouth open against the pulse point of your throat, the warmth coming from him made you so sleepy and awake at the same time. You tightened the light grip you had of him on his head, pulling back so you could look at him. His eyes were as tired and as dazed as yours. You gently pressed your lips to his, warmth flooding you at the motion, and wrapped your arms around his neck. He pressed you tighter to his body as you broke apart, the kiss was gentle and so innocent. The both of you were the most feared and respected individuals in the First Order, the most intense fighters, and the most enigmatic. Yet here you both were, the two most gentle lovers aboard. Though you both didn’t recognize this quite yet. Kylo eyed you carefully. He had seen fire in your eyes before, but this was very different. You cared, and you wanted him for who he was, not just when he was with you, even in his fits of rage. His hand gently cupped your cheek, pressing a kiss to your forehead before picking you up in his arms. “Bedroom?” “On the left.” you murmured tiredly. He nodded, pushing open the door with his boot and laying you out on your blankets. His boots left his feet, as his shirts left his torso. You smiled lazily at him, opening your arms. He fell into you, resting his head over your chest and listening to the strong steady beat of your heart. When had you become so important in his life? He never flinched away from your touch, nor you from his. You didn’t fear him, yet there had to be some issue. These things didn’t start so easily. You felt a flare of anxiety and fear wash through him, his hands gripping you tighter. “Hush, Ren, it’s alright. There are none that can oppose us, and no issue has arisen yet, quell your thoughts.” He nodded tiredly against you, falling privy to the hand gently rubbing his head. Truly the pillow the dark could find rest in. ~ Your elites were training when an alarm in your vicinity went off, the intruder alarm. “Stay where you are.” Your voice was fierce, as fierce as they had ever heard it. You heard a round of ‘Yes, Sergeant Major L/n’. You rushed out into the hallway, seeing a group of rebels holding Matt, the radar technician, with a blaster against his head. There was a group of other staff also being held captive and looking to you for salvation. Your inquisitive gaze went dark, the fire in your eyes was an inferno, ready to unleash on the first person that dared harm your people. “You’re the Sergeant Major?” You eyed the man that scoffed at your title, the one that held Matt captive. Kylo watched as your gaze turned violent. “That’s Sergeant Major L/n. I’ve worked hard for that title, I’ll have it used, properly at that, even by the enemy.” And with that, you were off, moving so fast, all the ones that had been being held at point blank range were now on the ground, safe from fire as you, one by one, knocked each one dead where they stood with the pinch of your fingers on their neck, rupturing their arteries in practiced grace. Not a drop of blood was spilled. You eyed Matt, motioning with your fingers for him to follow. He raised from the star-struck and terrified group to follow you back to your quarters. You punched in your numbers and motioned to the couch with your eyes. Kylo sat and waited for further instruction. Your chest was heaving in anger and he could feel it rolling off of you. You were just staring at him, then he heard it in your head, why you were so angry. They had put their hands on him, even if it was just his uniform, they were in close personal space of his, they had put a blaster to his head, and you were livid that they dared touched him when only you had permission. He nodded and watched as you dropped your coat to the ground, slipped out of your boots and came to sit between his legs, your head nestling into his thigh. You gripped the other in your hand, while his fingers drifted to your head. This was what you needed. You were so angry someone had dared touch and threaten him, your Commander, your Kylo Ren, though they did not know it. The possession of him he could hear in your thoughts was pleasing to him for some reason. Your eyes looked up at him, pleading, images of you straddling his lap with your face buried in his neck flashed in both your minds. He nodded once more. You crawled into his lap, your thighs snuggly around his own, your body pressed impossibly tight to his, and your head safely buried in his neck. He felt you yank off the wig and toss the glasses aside, causing him to smirk into your hair. “Why didn’t you do something?” you asked quietly. “But, Sergeant Major L/n, I’m just Matt, the radar technician.” You broke into a laugh, your breath hitting his neck and your hands gently grasping his chest in your break. You felt his hands slip up and down your back in soothing circles. Your laughter faded, and you nuzzled your nose and mouth against his skin. “Matt, you know, I really like Kylo Ren.” You pressed your lips to his neck, feeling his heart beat stutter. “If you’re not going to be his biggest fan anymore, let him know that I will be.” You felt his hands smooth down your back to grip at your thighs. “I’ll let him know. I think he’d like that. Don’t tell him I told you so, but, he’s told me about… your arrangement.” You could feel a flitter of nerves ruffle through him, though he was steadfast in his movement and his words. “Oh?” “He hopes you know that his quarters are open to you as well, as is his body for all your needs.” You pressed a kiss to the hollow of his throat. You felt a hum of appreciation run through him. “You let him know, that I know, will you?” You felt him nod. “There’s one more thing he wants you to know…” “Yes?” “You’re free to use his body in any way you need to… for any of your needs.” His hands slipped as high as they could as he said needs, his thumbs briefly ghosting over the apex of your thighs. He felt your breathing stop momentarily when he did that, though he felt you pressing into his touch. “I see. Do you know if he needs me the same way?” Your hand slowly slipped up his chest, gently roamed his neck, before your fingertips were tracing the shell of his ear. “I think he needs you in every way.” His body was alight in all areas you touched him and where your body was against his. “Do you know when he wants that to begin?” “Whenever it happens naturally, he’s scared he’ll frighten you away.” You raised your head at this. You tangled your hands in his hair and forced him to look at you. Those eyes that burned in rage and had killed about a dozen people just half an hour ago were now a c/l/r lake so calm, a gentle breeze would stir the water. “Kylo Ren will never frighten me away.” You pressed your lips to his, carefully running your tongue across his bottom lip. One of his hands raised from your thighs to hold the back of your head and press your mouths closer together. The slightest of sounds escaped your throat as you tilted your head to slot your mouth against his, your tongue gently slipping into him. His head was swimming, his thoughts and body consumed by you, but he had never felt more at peace with himself, than he did at that moment. Both of you were breathing through your noses in order to remain connected. The entirety of the world around you was stopped, the only movement was your mouth against his, and the both of your hands gently rubbing and roaming each other. It was a moment too tender to be broken by General Hux. He punched in your code and then entered with a “Sergeant Major L/n, it was reported that there was… there was a….” Your legs were straddling Kylo Ren, his arms encasing you to his body and the both of you looked pissed off. You were still a subordinate in the situation, though you knew he would not move to do anything, verbally or physically while you were wrapped around the Commander. “There was a what, General Hux?” His shut his mouth and continued his check in. “There was a report that a dozen resistance members broke into the facility and held our people captive.” “You’ll find them all outside the training area, the major arteries in their necks ruptured as cause of death.” You could see how your words chilled him slightly, you also felt pride from the man nestled beneath you. “I don’t think this was resistance though, sir. I believe it was a pseudo resistance, possibly something due to the recent spy leak into our facility. There are other groups out there who wish harm to the First Order. Besides, captives aren’t their specialty.” You continued your report by sliding your fingers into Kylo’s hair, his head falling to your chest, deciding it was best to ignore the damn pest the General was. The General, for the first time in a long time, felt truly uncomfortable. He had just witnessed two of the best, if not the best, murderers on the base connected via their lips, he had never felt true fear until he saw them both glaring at him. He was sure it was your calming motions that kept him alive. Seeing Kylo Ren’s head fall to your chest like that made a pike of confusion and anger go through him. Relationships with subordinates were against the rules, but he would be damned if he was going to let anyone know what he had seen. Was he afraid of Ren doing anything, no. Was he terrified of you rupturing his arteries by a single grasp of his neck, yes. “Is that all, General Hux?” Kylo Ren was glaring at him from his turned view on your chest, and it was still damn near terrifying as your eyes were filled with malice as they regarded him. “Yes, Commander Ren.” “Then please leave, Sergeant Major L/n is having her psych evaluation done by me, and you are interrupting.” He opened his mouth to retort when he saw your free hand flinch, fingers breaking through the fabric of your couch and starting to shatter the wooden frame within… with your fingertips. The General finally understood the terror everyone felt when Kylo Ren was having one of his tantrums, because he thought at that moment, you would have killed him. He rushed from the room. Kylo turned to you, his chin rested on your sternum as he looked at your fingers deep within the arm of your couch. You were frowning at your hand. “I liked this couch.” you muttered, sounding a bit sad. He smiled up at you. “I think the General can replace it. It is his fault.” You smiled down at him, pulling your fingers from your furniture. He noticed that the only thing you had broken was little bits of the arm, your skin had not been broken nor affected at all. “Did you feel how scared he was?” You tilted your head to the side, lazy in your tone. “It wasn’t of me though, it was of you.” His voice conveyed amusement, though his face settled into a gentle smile. “It’s because he knows I’ll kill him ten ways to next week should he ever speak of this to anyone. His lips will remain shut on this topic, though he may tease you in private I fear… The General is a dick.” You grinned at seeing Kylo release a laugh from his nose. His smile dropped as soon as yours did, you looked at the door with a frown and tightened your hold on him. “You’re going to have to go Matt, your work needs to be done and I have to get back to my elites.” You nuzzled your head into his neck before kissing him lightly on his lips. “I’ll let Kylo know you’ll be sleeping in his quarters tonight.” You nodded, a smile flittering back onto your features. Notes: REA-TAN IS SO SCARY I LOVE HER