The first try Kylo was furious. Why, you might ask? Because of an infinitely stupid First Order gala, only for the higher-ups in the First Order hierarchy. The First Order did not have time to be having a gala. The Resistance needed to be crushed, and Kylo couldn't do that if he was forced to stand through hours of torture. (Also, apparently, each person needed a date.) General Hux had already ordered a pretty enough linguist to be his date. Kylo didn't think he had ever seen such a horrified expression on someone's face before. Hux just looked irritated. More irritated than he had looked the morning after he had gotten himself very drunk and had revealed to a gossippy bartender that his first name was Armitage. The news had spread like wildfire. Kylo suppressed a snigger at the thought. The first girl he had approached was an engineer who was fixing a panel he had 'remodeled' after hearing about the gala. She was prettier than Hux's date (which was a big bonus for him). When she saw him approaching, she froze and tried to find a way out. Unfortunately for her, the only way out was past the Knight of Ren, who was already in front of her. Kylo paused. He hadn't really given thought to what he'd say to her, and her panicked thoughts were distracting. He caught a glimmer of a puppy (unauthorized pet?). A fresh wave of panic washed over the girl, and with it, the urge to cry. Kylo could only watch in silent panic as the girl burst into tears. She wailed loudly and had a full-on emotional breakdown in the corridor. Everyone had stopped to watch Kylo Ren seemingly torturing a young engineer in the middle of the corridor. The Ben part of Kylo was very embarrassed. Look at him, he hasn't even opened his mouth and he has caused a full-on breakdown. Kylo turned to the nearest Stormtrooper, who froze in his attempt to sneak past the situation. The Stormtrooper was SP-1506, and he was certain he would die right there and then. Kylo motioned toward the girl, who was now hyperventilating and red faced. "Take her to the infirmary." Kylo uttered in his mechanical monotone; he turned and went off towards his quarters. Attempt one: failure. Chapter 2 : If at first you don't succeed... Summary: Kylo apologizes (kind of) and continues to try and find a date. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The next day, Kylo had managed to track down the engineer he had frightened. When she opened the door she looked equal parts terrified and confused. It's not everyday when an intimidating, tall Knight of Ren appears at your quarters with an almost comically bright bag of dog treats, contrasting with his everyday black attire. When he stepped in, he gave her the bag, apologized (awkwardly) about the incident the day before, petted the puppy even more awkwardly. Right as he stepped out he threatened her to never tell anyone that the fearsome Kylo Ren had apologized for being scary. This brought a wave of terror and tears, and Kylo had to step back in and awkwardly comfort her again. By the time he returned to the bridge, Hux looked murderous. Everyone was keeping their heads down, pretending to do their work as hard as possible. "Where have you been, Ren?" Hux spat (literally). A globule of spit flew from Hux's red face and landed on Kylo's helmet. (Kylo secretly thanked the Force for his helmet.) Hux launched into a tirade about Ren having missed an important meeting while Kylo focused on the daydreams of an aspiring young officer who was looking at Hux wistfully and wishing that he was a General. Unfortunately Hux turned slightly in his angry rant and caught the eye of the officer, whose face paled. Kylo walked away from the bridge whilst Hux was still screaming at the officer. As soon as he could no longer hear Hux's voice, he began taking a serious look at all the girls he could see, trying to see which ones were prettier than Hux's date. The lunch notification sounded and many people began to head to the nearest cafeteria. Kylo followed. People parted in front of him like water, whispering furiously amongst themselves. It was the first time the Knight of Ren had not had a meal in his own quarters. Kylo stood still and surveyed the crowd. He spotted a pretty young officer sitting at the far end of a table with Stormtroopers. He began his approach. That morning, as he prepared for a new day, he had rehearsed to himself exactly what he'd say: "Hi, I am Kylo Ren - wait, she'd know that already. Would you like to go to the gala with me? No, Kylo Ren does not ask. You will go to the gala with me. Yes, you will go to the gala with me. Perfect." Kylo was mentally repeating his phrase as he approached her. The officer looked up at the sound of his heavy boots hitting the ground. Growing horror showed on her face as he made it clear he was approaching her. As he came to a stop in front of her and opened his mouth, she bolted. His first thought was to catch her with the Force. But the Ben Solo part of him stopped him from carrying through with his thought. He let her go. Attempt two: failure. Notes: I hoped you liked this. Please comment! Constructive criticism is welcome. Chapter 3 : ... try, try, try again Summary: Kylo hangs out with an engineer and her puppy. He also tries to ask Phasma out. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The next day, Kylo was intentionally wandering aimlessly (for the sole purpose of pissing General Hux off) when he caught a familiarly panicked mind. Slowing his pacing, he realised it was coming from his engineer friend, whose name he still didn't know. Focusing on her train of thought, he managed to find out that her puppy was sick. Digging a little deeper, he also managed to find a name. Lannera Farlance. Stalking over to her with his trademark intimidation walk, he ordered her to follow him. As he led her towards her own living quarters, her thoughts became more panicked. With a sigh, he used the Force to brush against her mind. 'It's okay. I won't hurt you.' This only caused her to panic more. 'Lannera. Calm down.' Using a bit of Force-persuasion with that thought, she began to calm down. When they arrived at her door, Kylo used the Force to open the door. Using his voice this time, he said, "Get Fluffy." Hearing her puppy's name through Kylo Ren's voice modulator made her try to suppress a giggle. When she stepped out holding a miserable-looking Fluffy, Kylo closed the door behind her and gestured for her to follow him down the corridor. Kylo used the Force to 'mask' Lannera and Fluffy, so that everyone they passed would fail to notice them. He stopped by a door and opened it with the Force. Inside, a vetenarian was attending to an irritable Tatooine flytrap. He turned to look at them as they entered. Kylo let the vet see Lannera and the sick puppy. When the vet tried to make them wait, Kylo Force-compelled him to attend to Fluffy first. After Lannera had been given Fluffy's medication and instructions on how to administer it, Kylo made the vet forget that they were ever there. To this day the poor man cannot account for this missing half-hour. After dropping Lannera and Fluffy off at their quarters, he threatened her to never tell a soul of that afternoon. (Time skip) If he couldn't find a prettier date than Hux's, he would most definitely find one who was higher up than a mere linguist. He approached Captain Phasma, with a new plan in mind. He respected her enough to properly ask (in a Kylo way). After he had asked, Phasma remained quiet for a while. Kylo could not see her face, thanks to the helmet that she never seemed to remove, but he got a distinct feeling of embarrassment from her. This feeling was so strong that he was beginning to feel extremely awkward. Kylo was about to go on his own when Phasma started talking. "I am very flattered, Commander Ren, but..." Kylo felt a wave of embarrassment (this time from himself). 'Someone has already asked her,' he thought, glad of the mask which hid the blush that took possession of his face. "I'm afraid," Phasma continued, picking her words carefully, trying to gauge Kylo's reaction, "that I was already going with my wife." The Ben Solo part of him was this close to just giving up. Attempt three: failure. Notes: I got Lannera's name from a Star Wars name generator. Tatooine flytrap was my own invention. Please comment! Notes: More coming soon(ish)! Please comment. This is my first Star Wars fic and my second ever so be gentle. Please.