It was a dark and stormy night, and Agent Terex had always despised clichés. ‘Should I have brought some ominous background music,’ he asked the ship’s captain, ‘Or is that provided?’ ‘Sir?’ The young man sounded confused. ‘Never mind.’ For the first time in his life, Terex had found himself on a ship in the original sense – a boat designed to cross large bodies of water. It had transpired upon his arrival on Arkanis Minor that the Hux residence had been built against a cliff across a rough bay, and the winds over the water were too strong for any small spacecraft to withstand. Frankly, Terex was surprised that the boat could get across either. The turbulence of the journey didn’t bother him – he had spent a lifetime flying ships through hairier scrapes than this – but he did question the wisdom of setting out across the sea when the wind was blowing up a gale. As they approached the house, Terex began to discern more than just glimmers of light from the windows. The building was fashioned after the old mansions of the imperial families, but was clearly far more recently built. The house was substantial, a large building for just Brendol Hux and his wife to share, but still too small to bear the grandeur of the architectural flourishes it aped. Terex assumed it was built to impress elite guests summoned to meet with the Commandant, but to him it seemed a dismal, pitiful place. He hoped he could leave before long, preferably to some sunnier, more carefree world, where the locals held extremely enlightened perspectives on matters of intoxication and sexual freedom. The boat drew into a small jetty. With some difficulty, the captain tethered the boat, and then hauled Terex’s small bag of belongings onto the ferrocrete strip jutting out from the shore into the ocean. Terex dismissed the captain with a wave of his hand, and slung his bag over his shoulder. Optimistically, he had brought only enough clothes and toiletries for one night’s stay. He couldn’t imagine what business Brendol Hux might have with him beyond that time, and was sure he wouldn’t want to find out. He set off up the stone steps that had been hewn into the rock, forming a way up to the house from the small, pebbly beach. He found himself irritated that no one had been sent to greet him. Then again, despite the size of the house, he was sure no family in the Unknown Regions was in a financial position to hire servants or purchase housekeeping droids, and that Hux and his wife would surely be too proud to deign to meet him in person. He rang the bell by the large front door. It was a real bell on a pull rope, and Terex could hear it chiming inside the house. He couldn’t imagine how long it must have been since anyone used such a contraption out of necessity. Already, Terex grew weary with the aura of decaying nobility the Huxs seemed intent on projecting. Terex was made to wait a few moments before the door inched open. At this stage, everything seemed like a contrivance designed to infuriate and intimidate him, but Terex was determined not to allow them to succeed. If things went his way – and they usually did – he would be the only one doing the infuriating tonight. The door was answered by a small woman with olive skin and greying hair. She wore an apron over clothes that were simple enough in design, but looked as if they might once have been very expensive. ‘Mrs Hux, I presume?’ smiled Terex, trying to project all the charm that he could. He leant down to greet the woman with a kiss on each cheek, pecking his lips against the air next to either side of her face. She tensed up at first as if alarmed by the sudden contact, but reciprocated the gesture, and nodded graciously as he stepped away. ‘Indeed,’ she replied, ‘I am Renatta, Agent Terex.’ Her voice was low and soft. A surprisingly attractive voice from a woman otherwise unexceptional. ‘This is my husband, Brendol.’ She gestured towards a figure sitting in an armchair by a low table, who rose, and strode over to shake Terex’s hand. ‘Delighted to meet you,’ insisted the commandant, although there was nothing in his tone, or his rictus of a smile, to indicate any enthusiasm for Terex’s presence. He was about twenty years his senior, but had not stooped in his middle age, and stood as tall as Terex did. He wore a beard, and his silver hair had not thinned. He looked tired, but nonetheless managed to project more of an aura of strength and vitality than his wife. ‘We have a great deal to discuss, I’m sure, but I’m sure that can wait until tomorrow. For tonight, we’d be honoured if you would join the family for dinner.’ Terex glanced around at the mention of a family, which seemed a grandiose term for one middle-aged couple. Sure enough, a figure loomed out of the shadows. It was a boy, a teenager by the looks of him, with the reddest hair Terex had seen on another human. He was almost as tall as Terex and skinny in the way that young men are when they’ve shot up in height before their shoulders broaden out. He was pale, and looked paler for being dressed entirely in black, his shirt fastened all the way up to his thin, white throat. He eyed Terex fiercely, with what seemed to be distaste. Though the expression marred his features, he radiated a delicate, almost ethereal prettiness. Perhaps, Terex theorised, the boy was aware of his eerie adolescent beauty, and was trying to disguise it by acting in a manner so thoroughly objectionable. How old could he be anyway? Seventeen? Eighteen? Still. Very pretty. ‘This is Armitage,’ Hux told him, with a careless wave of his hand. ‘My son.’ His son. Terex had heard of Brendol Hux’s bastard, of course he had, but hadn’t expected to encounter him here. He’d imagined that men like Brendol Hux kept their indiscretions well out of sight, not under the same roof as their well-meaning but boring wives. Glancing again at the young man, Terex thought that even if he hadn’t known the boy was a bastard, he would surely still have guessed he wasn’t the son of the woman who stood before him. Aside from her greying brown hair standing in a stark contrast to the boy’s red, she was petite with a round face, whereas Armitage was tall and slim, and, as far as Terex could tell, made entirely from angles. Then again, Armitage didn’t look much like his father either. Or maybe Terex was just unwilling to try and trace the pattern of Brendol Hux’s stern greyness in the finer features of the boy. Renatta excused herself, and disappeared through one of the doors, presumably the kitchen. She was wearing an apron after all, and Brendol Hux didn’t seem the kind to be much into the equal distribution of labour. He gestured to Terex to take a seat, and the commander poured him a drink from a decanter of amber liquid before topping up his own glass. ‘Armitage?’ barked Brendol Hux, ‘Take our guest’s luggage to his room, would you?’ ‘Yes, sir,’ the young man nodded, standing to attention before slinging Terex’s bag over his shoulder and making his way up an imposing staircase. Slyly, Terex watched him leave. Not a lot of meat on him. Slim hips. A flat little arse, but a nice one. ‘Congratulations on your new position, Agent Terex,’ said Brendol Hux, smiling coldly, ‘The First Order will make great use of your talents, I’m sure.’ ‘Oh, certainly,’ agreed Terex, swirling his drink in his glass. ‘As did the Empire before them. At least this time I am assured the payment will be more generous.’ The Commander frowned. Evidently talk of monetary compensation for work was still considered gauche. ‘Well, there is that,’ he replied, ‘But of course you’ll be doing a great deal for our cause as well, for which I’m sure we owe you a great debt.’ Armitage re-appeared, slinking into the armchair next to his father’s. Terex had seen him go, but hadn’t observed his return, and wondered at his stealthy movement around the house. In a bid to distract the commandant from extracting his endorsement of the Order’s ideals, Terex changed the topic of conversation. ‘So, Armitage,’ he began, turning to face the Commandent’s son, ‘When do you graduate from the Academy?’ The boy looked surprised to be addressed directly, but not uncomfortable. ‘I already graduated,’ he said, with a tone of politeness judged so that Terex was only just aware that it was forced. ‘Two years ago.’ ‘We’d rather hoped,’ continued the Commandent, ‘That Armitage would graduate a year earlier than that, but when it came down to it, he wasn’t ready. But by all accounts he’s making excellent progress training with the other junior officers now he’s joined the army.’ A frown passed across Armitage’s face in a flicker and was gone, settling back into an expression of carefully composed neutrality. ‘Impressive,’ said Terex, still addressing Armitage, ‘For such a young man. How many others can say they’ve reached such heights by eighteen?’ He had left enough distance to allow for the possibility that he was being sarcastic, and the ghost of frustration briefly marred Armitage’s features. ‘I’m nineteen,’ he told him, a little petulantly. ‘Now, now, Armitage,’ said his father, ‘Agent Terex was just trying to pay you a compliment.’ The boy looked down as if contrite. Brendol Hux turned back to Terex. ‘Apologies for my son’s uncouthness, Agent. I think he may have spent too long around rough young cadets and not enough time in polite conversation with his elders and betters.’ Agent Terex found himself very interested in the rough young cadets, and exactly what Armitage did with them, but was spared the risk by Renatta Hux inviting them through to the dining room. It was more brightly lit than the entrance hall, but less extravagantly furnished, much of the small room being occupied by one long, glass table. Brendol Hux took a seat at its head, and Renatta sat at the other end, leaving Armitage and Terex placed opposite each other across the narrow middle of the table. Armitage gave him a challenging look as they took their seats, as if daring him to show him up in front of his father once more. Terex could see him better in this light. Armitage may have been dressed in black, but they were civilian clothes, not the uniform of the Academy or the First Order. He had heard that some worlds had vegetation could be ‘forced’ – kept from the light to make it grow in size far quicker than was usual. He had never seen the result of such a method, but he imagined that it might produce something not unlike the son of Brendol Hux. Tall, thin, starved of sunlight. Something vicious and strange. The first course was a soup, a thin and tasteless broth which, though not exceptional, could hardly be considered objectionable either. The main was a different matter, consisting of overcooked vegetables with no flavour, and a thin, stringy piece of meat. Armitage dived into his serving almost aggressively, and looked critically at Terex over his empty plate after he had devoured it, seemingly whole. As Terex worked slowly through his own plate, he felt a leg fall against his own under the table. He let it stay there, warm and solid against him. ‘May I have another helping, please, ma’am?’ asked Armitage, when the rest of the party seemed to have finished eating. Brendol and Terex had managed to empty their plates, and Renatta sat back primly, half her food remaining. She inclined her head in gracious acquiescence. ‘Would you like any more, father, Agent Terex?’ Terex may have been strong enough to make it through the unsatisfying dish, but he wasn’t about to put himself through any more of it for a silly competition with a teenage boy. He shook his head. As Armitage left his seat to get more food, Terex felt the leg withdraw. It stroked lightly along Terex’s own, and was gone. After dessert – a dry sponge with wet, sloppy fruit underneath it – Brendol and Renatta Hux withdrew. ‘I’m sure this must seem awfully rude, Agent Terex,’ said Renatta with a tight smile, ‘But the commandant and I are in the habit of retiring early.’ ‘If you’d like to be shown around, or if you need anything at all,’ Brendol Hux continued, ‘I’m sure Armitage would be happy to oblige, wouldn’t you, Armitage?’ ‘Yes, sir,’ confirmed Armitage, who then shook his father’s hand, and pressed a dispassionate kiss to his stepmother’s cheek. And then, they were alone. ‘Would you like anything, Agent Terex?’ asked Armitage, sounding bored. He looked Terex up and down with apparent distaste. ‘Actually,’ said Terex, ‘I’d like a place to have a smoke.’ ‘All right,’ said Armitage. He led Terex out of the house through a door in the kitchen. He found himself on a kind of terrace, but one that was bound on one side by the house, and on the other by the cliff. There was a wooden roof above them to grant shelter from the rain, and the house itself blocked the gale blowing in off the sea. Armitage flicked a switch, and the columns holding up the roof glowed brightly, and began to exude heat. The space wasn’t large, barely larger than the dining room, but it was warm and light. Some kind of seat hung by chains from the ceiling, swinging gently. Terex sat down in it, and pulled a thin, gold-tipped cigarette from the packet in his breast pocket. He found a lighter in the left pocket of his jodhpurs, and took a long drag on the lit cigarette. He looked up from his own moment of calm to see that Armitage had lit his own, a white, papery thing that was all that could be found easily and inexpensively on Arkanis Minor. ‘Gosh, Armitage,’ he exclaimed in mock astonishment. ‘Does your father know you smoke?’ Armitage scowled. He was able to do so openly now he was no longer under the watchful eye of his father, and Terex rather enjoyed it. ‘Yes,’ Armitage replied, tapping the ash from the tip of the cigarette in question. ‘He doesn’t like it, but he doesn’t mind it, exactly. He considers it a socially acceptable vice.’ Terex considered this. ‘And what about socially unacceptable vices,’ he asked, ‘Do you have any of those?’ ‘If I did have,’ countered Armitage, ‘Would I tell you about them?’ ‘If you didn’t,’ replied Terex, smugly, ‘Then why dodge the question?’ Armitage shot him a dirty look. ‘Do you have a girlfriend, Armitage?’ Terex was getting reckless now, but he was enjoying teasing the young man too much to stop, and if there was one thing Terex had learnt, it was to keep doing what felt good. ‘No.’ ‘A boyfriend? A partner?’ ‘I don’t have time for such things.’ Armitage turned away from him, looking over to the side of the veranda from which could be seen the tiniest silver sliver of the sea. Terex allowed himself to be lost in the moment for a second, looking away from Armitage and relishing the warming sensation of the smoke seeping into his lungs. It was killing him, sure, but so were so many things in the universe. When he glanced back up, he saw that Armitage was eying him curiously. ‘What’re you smoking?’ he asked. Terex hadn’t accounted for the lack of trade in the Unknown Regions being quite this extreme. ‘Just a cigarette,’ he answered, raising it up so that Armitage could see it in its position between his index and middle fingers. ‘Corellian blend, rather nice. Rather expensive.’ He beckoned the Hux boy over. ‘You can try some, if you like.’ Armitage Hux approached Terex cautiously, before perching next to him on the swinging seat. There was room enough for the two of them, but only just, and Terex’s thigh was pressed against the boy’s skinnier one. Terex took a drag from the cigarette, before holding it out to the younger Hux. Armitage took it between his index finger and thumb, and inhaled the smoke with a critical frown. Terex watched the way his pink lips wrapped around the tip, and how the smoke filtered softly back through them. He was impressed that the boy didn’t splutter. The Corellians didn’t mess around when it came to the finer things in life, and their cigarettes were far stronger and nastier than anything Terex had encountered elsewhere. Armitage passed the cigarette back with a frown. ‘And you say these are expensive?’ ‘Very.’ Armitage considered this. ‘Why do you pay so much for them?’ ‘I’d much rather indulge my whims than repress them,’ Terex told him, after a moment’s thought. ‘If I find something pleasurable, for whatever reason, then I’m sure to pursue it at all costs.’ Armitage stared at him. He was still frowning slightly, and Terex felt under scrutiny, but he wasn’t sure what for. He basked in it. ‘You can have one for yourself if you like,’ suggested Terex, stubbing out the end of his last cigarette and offering Armitage a fresh one. He patted his knee. An invitation, one he wasn’t sure Armitage would even acknowledge, but all his talk of giving into desire had made him reckless. But Armitage half stood up, and moved over so that he could slip into Terex’s lap. He was still sullen, and reached out immediately to take the cigarette. Terex was fairly confident that the young man would leave once his prize was secured, so he took his time lighting the cigarette for him, enjoying somewhat masochistically the feeling of Armitage’s bony legs and arse pressing down onto his thighs. However, even once he was solemnly puffing on the cigarette, Armitage stayed put, with an air of determination. ‘Do you ever think about leaving here, Armitage?’ asked Terex. The boy started, and turned his head to look at him. ‘No,’ he scowled. ‘So you’re happy here?’ asked Terex, sceptically. ‘Happiness doesn’t come into it,’ said Armitage. ‘Happiness is a foolish basis on which to make decisions. I need to be here if I am to fulfil my destiny.’ Terex barked out a laugh, before realising that the boy had apparently been serious in his declaration. ‘Armitage,’ he said. ‘Armitage, Armitage, Armitage. Happiness is the only basis on which to make any decisions. I’ve never made a single decision in my life that wasn’t somehow geared towards getting me what I want.’ ‘Maybe what I want isn’t happiness,’ countered Armitage. ‘Maybe you haven’t given yourself a chance to enjoy yourself.’ The boy had shifted in his position, and Terex wondered if he could feel his cock from his new perch. Stars, he’d got hard watching the kid smoke a damn cigarette. ‘Tell me, have you ever done anything in your life entirely for the pleasure you’d get from it. Armitage?’ Armitage smirked. ‘Of course I have.’ And then, Armitage kissed him. It wasn’t a sweet kiss, it was pushy and unashamed, opening out into licks and bites before Terex even had chance to catch his breath. When he did, he grabbed Armitage’s shoulders and pushed him back roughly. He examined the boy. His face had flushed prettily, and his lips were slick with saliva. His red hair was falling slightly out of place, his pupils blown wide. He looked unreasonably debauched for such a brief kiss, but then Terex still remembered what it was like to be a teenager, hot and horny and aching for release. Armitage didn’t look ashamed, even at being wrested from Terex after initiating a rebuffed kiss. He looked triumphant. Terex briefly indulged the voice in his mind that tried to warn him against improprieties. The boy was only nineteen, he was the son of a high-ranking officer in the organisation in which Terex had found himself employment. But the stronger urge in him was always to do exactly as he pleased, and there was something hideously exciting about the prospect of taking Brendol Hux’s son right under the commandant’s nose. His imagination couldn’t have planned it better even if they’d had a shot at fucking on the bed of man himself. He pressed another kiss to Armitage’s lips, pulling him forward into something quick and vicious. ‘I hope you know what you’re getting yourself into, Armitage,’ he whispered into the boy’s ear. Armitage shuffled himself into a position where he was straddling Terex’s hips. ‘After all, I’m old enough to be your father.’ Armitage scoffed. ‘Not unless you started when you were extremely young.’ Terex smirked. ‘I did.’ ‘My father told me about you,’ said Armitage, breathily, as Terex kissed his soft, pale neck. ‘He said you were dangerous. A libertine. A deviant in every sense.’ ‘Hmm,’ considered Terex, stroking his hands down the boy’s back and onto his arse. ‘Is that so?’ ‘Well,’ said Armitage, tilting his head to one side and eying Terex with a glint of something savage in his green eyes, ‘Are you?’ ‘Am I what?’ muttered Terex, sucking a bruise into the hollow between Armitage’s collarbones. ‘A deviant.’ Armitage had pressed his mouth to Terex’s again before he’d given him chance to reply, and his slim fingers were wandering, hands feeling their way curiously across Terex’s chest. Terex grabbed the tops of Armitage’s thighs and pulled him in closer, so the boy’s cock was pressed up against his own. Armitage looked down, apparently startled. Terex wasn’t deluded enough to believe his cock to be exceptionally large, but it had inspired that same effect before now in the inexperienced. ‘Please tell me you’ve done this before,’ groaned Terex. He didn’t like to waste his time with virgins, as a rule. They were bad in bed, and they got attached. Armitage didn’t reply, but clambered off Terex to kneel between his legs and begin fumbling with his belt. Terex didn’t help him, but instead watched the kid struggle until he’d managed to free his cock from his briefs. Armitage took Terex’s cock into his mouth gradually, licking and lapping at it with his tongue as he went. When he’d got as much in his mouth as he could, he brought up his hand to hold the base of his dick, and began to suck properly. Looking down at the boy’s pink lips stretched around his cock, and his hollowed cheeks highlighting his bone structure to an extent that seemed frankly unfair, Terex was sure that this, at least, was something Armitage had done before. He wondered what Brendol Hux would think if he knew that cock-sucking could be counted among Armitage’s notable talents, and the thought forced a small, half-delirious laugh out of him. Armitage managed not to be put off his stride by the ripples of Terex’s chuckle, but instead took more into his mouth, until Terex was hitting the back of his throat. Then, just as he was really getting into his stride, Armitage pulled away, with just a few teasing licks at the head of Terex’s dick as he did so. ‘Will you fuck me now?’ asked Armitage. He was glaring again, but there was a neediness in his voice that no amount of forced sullenness could disguise. Terex sighed in frustration, leaning back into the chair. Armitage was still kneeling at his feet, awaiting an answer. ‘If I agree,’ Terex allowed, ‘It’s to be on my terms. If you don’t like those terms, we don’t fuck. You’re allowed to not like them. But I don’t compromise.’ ‘Nor do I,’ the boy insisted. ‘You’re to show me proper respect throughout, you understand that?’ Armitage frowned. ‘Yes… Sir?’ ‘No, no,’ Terex smirked, ‘You call your father ‘sir.’ You can call me... ‘daddy.’’ Terex had truly expected Armitage to shrug his jocular suggestion off in disgust, but instead his mouth fell open into a surprised circle. Clearly he was unsure if what Terex had suggested was serious, but there was something else, something dark, needy and desperate. Terex made note of it. ‘We can’t do it here, either,’ he clarified, in case Armitage had been in any doubt. ‘I insist on a bed. With my aging bones…’ ‘All right,’ huffed Armitage. ‘Nobody wants to hear about that.’ Terex smiled cruelly to himself at the thought of Armitage Hux, so eager to suck his dick, pretending to be put off by a reminder of their age gap. Not to mention, if Terex was judging the mood correctly, the decade and a bit between them was having quite the opposite effect on skinny, ginger, little Hux. He led him back inside, and up several narrow flights of stairs, probably intended for servants or droids, had the family possessed any, until they reached a long room at the top of the house. It was strangely empty of any possessions, save a datapad and some models of imperial ships on a metal desk. ‘This is… your room?’ asked Terex. It might be the most impersonal bedroom he’d ever seen. ‘Yes,’ said Armitage, simply. ‘Yours is right next to Renatta and father’s room. We can’t go there.’ Well, Terex considered, the bed was big enough for two, and that was something to be thankful for. Before he had time to plan any further, Armitage was on him again, pulling his face into sloppy, desperate kisses. For the second time that evening, and requiring all his strength of will, Terex pushed him back. ‘So eager,’ he smirked, letting his right hand drift up to stroke through soft, ginger hair. ‘Such a good boy. But I’m going to need you to get undressed first, Armitage, sweetheart.’ Armitage flushed, and for a moment, Terex thought he might reconsider and rebuff him this time. Still, after a second’s thought, he began to unfasten his shirt. Under other circumstances, Terex might have stayed fully clothed a while longer, but the transgression of it all - along with that unfinished blowjob - had got him fired up and wanting to get off. As he undressed, Terex admired the naked form of Armitage Hux. He was just as skinny as he’d expected, but with rather more lean muscle to his frame than his dressed form had implied. Now Terex thought about it, Armitage had to have got through the Academy somehow, and it couldn’t just have been by sucking dick. Armitage reached into the nightstand, and produced a bottle of lubricant. ‘My, how presumptuous,’ sneered Terex, ‘Or is this ordinarily reserved for special moments of alone time?’ Armitage looked on the verge of spitting out an irritable response, but he settled for biting his lip as his face turned an angry and embarrassed pink. ‘No matter,’ said Terex, with a dismissive wave of his hand. He took the bottle from Armitage. ‘Lay back, darling.’ Armitage did so, his cock hard against his belly, and flushed to match his cheeks. His hair was falling loose into his face, whatever product that had secured it having failed him. He was a beguiling sight. Unable to resist, Terex sat on the bed next to him, and moved his fist along Armitage’s cock in slow, teasing strokes. ‘Have you ever touched yourself like this, my dear Armitage?’ asked Terex, his lip curving cruelly. The answer was a foregone conclusion, but he wanted to hear him say it. He slicked some of the lubricant onto his hand, quickening the pace a little now that Armitage’s cock slipped more easily through his grip. ‘Yes,’ replied Armitage, in a strangled gasp. ‘Yes, what?’ Terex prompted, slowing his movement to a standstill. For a moment, Armitage looked bewildered. His face reddened beautifully as the realisation dawned. ‘Yes, daddy,’ he managed, glancing, abashed, away. Terex’s hand drifted lower, until his index finger circled teasing around Armitage’s hole. ‘How about here? Have you touched yourself here? Has anyone?’ ‘I… No, daddy.’ ‘Good.’ Without further warning, Terex allowed one finger to slide inside him. Armitage was taken by surprise, but didn’t allow a sound to escape him, even as Terex added another finger to a thrusting motion in and out. He bit back any cries, a habit borne no doubt from having spent a large part of his adolescence in a dormitory, with any number of other boys there to overhear him. Still, Terex knew something Armitage didn’t, and he crooked his fingers to hit the sweet spot inside him. Armitage let out a surprised whimper, and Terex smirked down at his as his frustrated fingers grasped for a grip on the white sheets. ‘What do you want, Armitage?’ ‘I… I…’ Terex wasn’t sure if Armitage was overwhelmed by the new sensations, or just by succumbing to the embarrassment of having to ask. ‘Fuck me, daddy.’ ‘Ask nicely.’ ‘Please,’ moaned Armitage, all pouting bravado sacrificed to frustration. ‘Please, daddy, please fuck me.’ ‘Once more,’ Terex insisted, pushing a third finger into him, ‘With feeling.’ ‘ Please ,’ gasped Armitage, in what was almost a sob, ‘Oh, please, please fuck me…’ Relenting, Terex positioned himself between Armitage’s legs, and, as the young man tried in vain to keep from making little whines and shivers of pleasure, guided his cock inside him. Terex couldn’t find it in himself to waste any more time, and thrust into Armitage hard and fast. Armitage was making noise shamelessly now, all sense of caution and propriety lost to the sensations he was experiencing. ‘Sweetheart…’ said Terex roughly, ‘Darling little Armitage… Don’t you wish I really was your daddy?’ ‘Oh,’ Armitage managed, ‘Oh, yes…’ He was sweating and panting, but grasping at Terex’s hips, trying to pull him, impossibly, further inside. ‘You’d be so very good for me. Not because you had to, mind. Because you’d want to, to be such a good boy, such a good little slut .’ Armitage whined, his limbs beginning to tremble and twitch. ‘I’m going to…’ he began, before catching himself, just. He’d got some idea of the game now, and it seemed he was playing to win. ‘Please, daddy, please may I…?’ ‘Well,’ replied Terex, ‘Seeing as you asked so nicely…’ Barely had he granted his permission before Armitage came, spilling onto his torso and Terex’s. Terex fucked him through it, only pulling out when Armitage was still and satisfied. Terex straddled Armitage’s chest and thrust into his fist, until he too came, harder than he had in a long, long time. After taking a moment to catch his breath, Terex looked down at the younger man. Armitage blinked lazily up at him, so pretty, smiling for the first time since they met. He lay down next to the boy and wrapped his arms around him, kissing his mouth, neck, face, as the afterglow wore off. ‘You need to leave,’ said Armitage. There was a reluctance in his voice, Terex thought, or maybe that was just his sentimental fool of an imagination. ‘All right, all right, I’m leaving.’ He left Armitage’s room scarcely a minute later, and the Huxs' house the next morning. He hurried through what business he had with Brendol impatiently. He couldn’t have remembered the details of that conversation even a week later, but the previous night’s encounter did give it a certain maliciously enjoyable edge. As the boat left the harbour, back out into the storm, Terex looked up to see if he could there was a head of red hair at any of the windows. If there was, he didn’t see it. * * * ‘Agent Terex, General Hux demands a status report.’ Terex sighed, running a hand through his slicked back hair. This was just what he needed. Beaten by Dameron again and now – this. ‘You can tell Armitage,’ he spat out, his impulsiveness getting the better of him once again, ‘That daddy’ll be home soon to tell his pretty little ass what’s what.’ Droids didn’t pause for effect, only for processing, but Terex could swear he sensed disapproval from this one in its brief silence. ‘I will inform the general,’ came the modulated electronic voice, ‘Of your imminent arrival.’ ‘You do that,’ said Terex, irritably, ‘I’ll be there.’ Chapter 2 Summary: This update was a long time coming. I primarily blame life happenings, my computer deleting the entirety of this chapter's first draft, and the fact that Hux and Terex are both so ~extra~ that it's incredibly difficult to write believable interactions between them! Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The Carrion Spike safely moored in the hangar of the Finalizer, Terex left the vessel to be greeted by a young officer. He was more tired than he cared to admit, and Terex found himself taking in little of the young man’s practiced speech, instead observing with subdued horror the awfulness of his complexion. Terex wondered how old the man was. Surely older than Armitage had been, all those years ago, and yet the officer gave off a far greater impression of adolescent awkwardness than had the young General Hux. As he followed the man out of the hangar, Terex was suddenly overcome with the impression that he was being watched. He glanced around, eyes fixing on a dark figure on the command deck. Terex had only seen the creature in grainy holos, but he nonetheless recognised the masked visage of the Supreme Leader’s pet Force-user. He was not a superstitious man, but Terex had seen enough of the galaxy to appreciate the power of the Force more than most First Order personnel. He knew enough to guess that if he felt he was being watched, it was probably intentional. Though Terex could not see the face of Kylo Ren, he eyed the mask coolly. ‘Agent Terex, sir?’ came the voice of the young officer. Terex pulled his eyes away from the knight, but the feeling of being under observation persisted. ‘Yes, yes,’ he said, flapping his hand impatiently. ‘I’m coming.’ He followed the man through the corridors of the Finalizer. As they travelled further and further into the belly of the ship, Terex began to wonder if the general had situated his quarters so far from the hangar as a personal slight. Just before he decided to step up conversation from low level complaints to threatening language and gestures, they had arrived. The rooms were bare, but not unpleasant. Terex had access to a fresher of his own. He ordinarily considered this a necessity of existence, but for now he was grateful for small mercies. His meeting with the general could wait. Black Squadron had been more trying than usual, and he was more than usually fatigued. He undressed, scattering his clothes haphazardly as he went, and crawled naked into the white sheets of the modestly sized bed. As he drifted off to sleep, he found himself plagued by thoughts of Armitage, and of the general. In his mind, they were almost two separate persons – the man and the boy. The general he had seen only in vids of his impassioned speeches. While Terex would be lying to say he hadn’t touched himself watching them on occasion, he sometimes found it difficult to believe that Armitage had ever grown up, that this was not some elder brother of his, and that the real Armitage Hux was still nineteen, still sulking on Arkanis Minor. Time had passed, and Terex, despite his best intentions, was growing older. When Terex awoke, it was with no conception of how long he might have slept, so deep and dreamless had been his slumber. He must have needed it more than he had imagined. He showered – real water, thank the maker, not just a sonic – and found that while he slept his uniform had been laundered and folded on top of the chest of drawers in his room. Though he admitted to a certain curiosity concerning this vessel, the pride of the First Order’s fleet, Terex was unwilling to give the general the satisfaction of appearing in any way impressed by his ship. While there had been no outright hostility from Hux as yet, Terex could think of any number of reasons why the man might regard him unfavourably, and was always happy to be ahead of the game by exceeding people’s pessimistic expectations. As a result, Terex felt he had little choice but to stay in his room, although looking around at the lack of stimulation it offered he did feel his resolve wavering somewhat. He drew his datapad from the small case he had taken off ship – containing materials too sensitive to risk discovery by First Order operatives – and settled on the bed with it to connect to the holonet. His first thought was to see what porn sites could be accessed in this sector of the galaxy. He didn’t hold out great hope for rich pickings. This was an obscure edge of the Unknown Regions, not a teeming metropolitan area. In Terex’s experience such locales generally yielded results either irritatingly humdrum or niche to an extent he was sure would be anthropologically fascinating to someone, somewhere. Still, finding filth here had one advantage of which he was keenly aware: the Order were surely monitoring holonet usage closely. The fact that the general himself might take an interest in his activities if his searches were degenerate enough gave the whole experience an extra edge. He wondered if he’d be able to find any vids of delicate gingers getting pounded by dashing older gentlemen with well-kept moustaches. He certainly hoped so. Frustratingly, the First Order’s reign on the holonet was far tighter than even Terex had anticipated. He wasn’t even sure if he had access to the net proper, or just a facsimile the Order used internally in a pretence of freedom. There was, however, a porn site. The site – “Imperial Assault” – was got up to look gaudy and potentially illicit, but there was little doubt in Terex’s mind that this was a First Order created and endorsed project. There were a number of videos depicting some of the more established sexual acts, but they seemed more instructional than erotic. He suspected they were aimed at encouraging troops and officers to vent their desires quickly and efficiently on each other, rather than in appreciation of masturbation as an end in itself. There was little in the way of production values, and no sense of showmanship, of the disconnect between reality and fantasy that made the medium of pornography so appealing in the first place. Terex was just thinking he might be able to get off to a video entitled “Cunnilingus 2” on account of one of the girls looking a little like a Twi’lek on Coruscant with who he’d once had a torrid affair, but just as he was starting to get hard, his comm buzzed with a message that he was to report to the General. ‘Wonderful timing,’ muttered Terex, re-fastening his uniform and heading for the door. The young officer was waiting outside, and after a perfunctory greeting, was content to lead him on his way without further preamble. Terex wasn’t sure why, but once he’d left his quarters he began to feel curiously ill at ease. It wasn’t until he recognised the feeling from the day previous that he cast a nonchalant glance behind him, and noticed a dark figure following them from some distance back. Frowning slightly, Terex returned to following the officer as if nothing was amiss. Did the Supreme Leader’s apprentice follow every new arrival around so doggedly? Perhaps, like with a stinging insect, if one ignored Kylo Ren, the creature would go away. Hux’s quarters were some distance again from his rooms, but Terex wasn’t sure if they were in a direction closer to the hangar or further away. The Finalizer’s sign-posting, he reflected, was really very poor. Certainly it looked impressive – all shining, minimalist black halls and corridors – but utterly impractical to Terex’s mind. How would one ever find the fresher? His musings were interrupted by their arrival at the general’s rooms. The young officer ushered Terex through what seemed to be a reception room, and then through a vestibule into an office. An office, in which the unmistakeable figure of the general was silhouetted against a viewport, looking out on the stars. ‘General,’ said the officer. ‘Agent Terex here to see you.’ Hux didn’t turn around. There were, Terex noticed, numerous alcoves in the wall to his left, containing what seemed to be small artefacts of interest and objets d’art. He felt strangely relieved that, over the years, Armitage Hux had acquired some possessions to display. ‘Very good, lieutenant,’ he said. His voice, Terex thought, was richer and smoother than the quality of the holos had indicated. Maybe next time he jerked off to them, he would leave the sound on. ‘Dismissed.’ The young man saluted and left. Hux turned to face him, slow and so without apparent affectation that Terex was sure this nonchalance was carefully practiced. His shoulders had broadened a little, though his waist was still slim as ever. His uniform suited him. The general had, Terex noticed, grown some sideburns, perhaps in an attempt to enhance the masculinity of his face. If that was the case, it hadn’t entirely worked – there was still something delicate and beautiful about it that neither Armitage’s pouts or the general’s facial hair could hide. ‘Agent Terex,’ he greeted him, extending a gloved hand. Terex shook it. He hadn’t bothered to put on his own gloves for the walk across the ship, and the black leather was soft to the touch, even though Hux’s grip was a crushing one. ‘General,’ Terex said, pulling one side of his mouth up into a knowing smile. ‘How wonderful to see you again after so very long.’ Maybe the muscles in the general’s face tightened a tad, but otherwise he showed no reaction. Clearly the general had learnt to hide his emotions in ways the boy Armitage had not. ‘It has certainly been a long time,’ he replied, coldly. He went round to one side of the office’s desk, and shrugged off his greatcoat, placing it over the back of the chair. The gloves were next to go. Terex watched intently as Hux pinched the tip of the middle finger and tugged on the leather to remove first the left, and then the right, revealing pale, slender hands. To Terex’s mind they still held a great deal of delicacy, but now were tempered with a sense of strength they had not mustered before. He watched closely the gradual reveal, white flesh slipping out of tight black leather like a striptease. When the show was over, he looked up expectantly. ‘Oh, general,’ he said, in his best and most-ironic tone of mock innocence. ‘Please don’t stop on my account. It’s nothing I haven’t seen before, after all.’ There was more of a reaction this time. Hux’s pink lips pressed slightly together in disapproval. He frowned, and his face was a touch redder. Still, Terex wondered where the spiteful little ginger he had known carnally all those years ago had gone. ‘May I remind you, Agent,’ he said, ‘That this is a meeting concerning the business of the First Order, and ought to be confined to professional matters, not personal histories.’ ‘Oh, certainly,’ said Terex, raising his eyebrows, and placing a shocked hand on his chest, ‘What personal history? I alluded merely to my being a man of the world, and having wide knowledge of matters biological.’ Hux’s frown deepened, and Terex felt a warm stab of victory. There was fire in little Armitage yet, he was sure of it. ‘Your report, if you would, on the Dameron mission.’ ‘By all means,’ Terex replied, graciously. ‘Do you mind if I smoke?’ Without waiting for an answer, he took a thin metal cylinder from his inside pocket, and activated a switch, causing it to emit thick, slightly perfumed smoke. He held it between his lips and inhaled deeply. Hux watched him with clear distaste. ‘It’s a vaporiser,’ Terex explained, in the tone of one seeking to educate a child. ‘It tastes like berries. And, it’s better for you. After all,’ he sighed, ‘We’re none of us getting any younger. You can try some, if you like.’ There was a moment, a moment in which Terex wondered if Hux was recalling as clearly as he was the circumstances of their first encounter all those years ago. ‘No, thank you,’ said Hux. His nostrils flared slightly. ‘I don’t smoke.’ Anymore, thought Terex. You don’t smoke anymore. ‘The mission report,’ prompted Hux. ‘I gather that the Resistance have outmanoeuvred you once again.’ ‘Not quite true,’ corrected Terex, leaning on the table with one elbow, and wagging his index finger in the general’s direction. ‘While it’s true that Dameron obtained the information of the last known sighting of Lor San Tekka before we did, they will have no earlier opportunity to act on it. The caverns of Ridal III are still submerged under its oceans, and will be until at least a month from now, by which time my forces will be ready and waiting to swoop in. We’re in the same position as them.’ ‘But would it not be better, Agent,’ asked Hux, icily, ‘If you were able to get to the location earlier than Dameron?’ ‘Your belief in me is touching, general,’ said Terex, leaning back and folding his arms, ‘But I cannot, in fact, turn the tides.’ The faint trace of a scowl could be discerned on Hux’s face. ‘But had you obtained this latest lead before Black Squadron you would have prevented the Resistance from finding it all together.’ ‘I find reflecting on missed opportunities a largely futile endeavour.’ ‘Not,’ Hux told him, ‘When it might impact on future performance. Perhaps if you had less in the way of distractions on board your vessel, you might have stayed focussed on your primary objective.’ Hux cast a disdainful look in Terex’s direction. ‘I trust, incidentally, that you removed all unauthorised personnel from your ship before you brought it aboard mine.’ ‘All my associates,’ Terex replied casually, ‘Were dropped off at the last large spaceport.’ He had truly wanted to focus on besting Dameron this time, not that he was about to admit as much. And besides, he thought it might be time to reshuffle the line-up. ‘But even if they hadn’t been,’ (he knew now that he was treading on dangerous ground) ‘There’d always be a place there for you general. In fact, I have a Huttese slave girl outfit that would look rather fetching.’ While Hux spluttered and turned an angry shade of red, Terex briefly indulged the idea of the general in the costume, eyes wide, pink mouth parted appealingly. The purple, diaphanous silk would shift enticingly against his creamy thighs, unable to conceal the tenting of Hux’s erection. The tip of its outline would form a wet, darker spot on the fabric, where precome already formed. Hux’s flat chest wouldn’t fill the gold brassiere; it would slip down to show the half-moons of dusky pink nipples. Terex thought he might like to sit this Hux astride him, and slide the metal down so he could take them into his mouth, first the left nipple, then the right. He breathed in on the vaporiser thoughtfully, and then slipped it back into his uniform. ‘Agent Terex,’ snapped Hux, forcing him out of his fantasy, ‘I find your conduct increasingly inappropriate. Further to your behaviour today I have received word you attempted to relay an obscene message to me over official communications channels.’ ‘In my defence, I would never have given that message to the droid had I known it was going to snitch.’ Hux scowled fully now, his face flushing in anger. In some sense, Terex felt victorious at having got a rise out of him, but part of him also suspected this might be in some sense performative, and designed to intimidate him. Either way, he was rather enjoying it. ‘Look, general,’ he said, ‘You know I’m incorrigible. I’ve fucked countless humans, aliens, and yes, objects.’ Hux was getting steadily redder. ‘But the fact is, Armitage Hux, you were an excellent fuck, and I can’t stop thinking about it. Even to this day.’ Hux’s eyes narrowed. ‘Am I supposed to be flattered that you still deign to think of me for the occasional wank?’ Terex held a hand to his head, and massaged the skin there, as if that would make the thoughts come through more easily. ‘All I’m saying is, Hux – Armitage – General , is that your presence is a little distracting to me given my fond - and extremely sexually charged - memories of our last meeting. It was a wonderful time for me. I’m sorry,’ he continued, and he thought he might actually mean the apology, ‘that it apparently wasn’t for you.’ Hux watched him for a moment, his expression frustratingly unreadable. ‘It was,’ he said, at last. ‘What was?’ frowned Terex, feeling he must have lost track somewhere along the line. ‘Was what?’ ‘The last time. I understand why you’ve got the impression I view the experience unfavourably but I can assure you I do not. Wonderful. It was… I felt the same way.’ Terex’s mouth opened a little in surprise. He watched the general closely, trying to conceive of what could possibly happen next. ‘If anything,’ Hux muttered, almost to himself. ‘It may have been too good.’ He fell silent again, blushing a little, as if perhaps he felt he had said too much. If only Terex had known earlier the things one could find out simply by not saying anything at all. Hux looked up abruptly. ‘When do you intend to leave?’ Terex raised his eyebrows. It was something of an about-turn. ‘As soon as your lot can fix my ship. I never planned on hanging around.’ ‘Good,’ nodded Hux, standing up, and turning away from him. ‘Good.’ He paced towards the viewport, hands behind his back, clenching and unclenching his fists in seeming agitation. He turned to face Terex once more, a look of grim determination on his face. ‘You’ll do it again,’ he announced. He was aiming for authoritative, but Terex picked up on a questioning note in his voice. ‘What?’ ‘Like on Arkanis Minor. Let’s do it again.’ As Terex realised what was being proposed, a slow smile spread across his face. ‘Not exactly the same, surely?’ ‘Of course not,’ snapped Hux, still standing some distance away. He averted his eyes from Terex’s. He looked more nervous now, and Terex wasn’t sure if it was genuine or if the general was beginning to play his part. He didn’t mind either way. ‘If I say, Coruscant, you stop,’ Hux informed him. ‘And no marks above the collar.’ He looked up at Terex expectantly. Evidently, thought Terex, someone had trained up little Armitage in his absence. ‘You know me,’ shrugged Terex, lazily, as he stood to pull his chair into a more central position before reseating himself. ‘I’m up for anything, really.’ Hux nodded. His face was pink up to the tip of his ears. ‘All right,’ said Terex, grinning toothily. ‘Let’s do this.’ He settled himself in his seat, and into his new-found authority. He looked back up at Hux, a pleasant and practiced calmness coursing through him. ‘Undress yourself, Armitage, darling.’ Hux let out a low, shaking breath. His eyes fluttered shut and he smiled very slightly as his hands moved to his belt to obey Terex’s instructions. He didn’t rush to undress, nor did he actively try and tease Terex as he stripped. He removed his clothes as perhaps he might when he undressed alone at the end of a long day. The only sign in his demeanour that hinted at the presence of any observer was the pink flush spreading from his face down onto his chest. Terex watched with interest. Hux’s uniform must pad out his shoulders somehow, because, Terex was surprised and gladdened to see, underneath it his figure was still slim and youthful, not having widened out much at all. The thought of Hux hiding all his prettiness under those imposing clothes, but still soft and beautiful underneath almost made him squirm with delight, but he suppressed the urge, and kept his eyes on the general. Hux had some trouble getting his boots off, and Terex smiled maliciously at his predicament, but the moment was short-lived, and Hux moved on to his jodphurs. Hux’s briefs were charcoal grey, and Terex recognised them as the underwear issued as standard with the First Order’s uniform. He thought he might even be able to spot an embroidered insignia on the waistband, but he was not close enough to be sure, and had been an age since he’d seen someone actually wearing them, never having bothered himself. It was at the same time both ridiculous and strangely erotic to Terex to see the First Order uniform worn right down to the last article. He wondered if anyone else knew of their general’s thoroughness. With a stab of jealousy, he found that he hoped that wasn’t the case. Terex could feel his cock beginning to strain against his (non-regulation) underwear. Hux wasn’t visibly hard yet, but Terex could see that the general’s cock was sizeable, and admired the trail of reddish-gold hairs that traced a line from his navel to the waistband of his underwear. Last time, he had been careless. This time he was determined to recollect every detail. Hux went to remove his briefs, but Terex stopped him with a wagging finger. ‘Ah-ah,’ he chided, ‘Not those.’ He spoke the reprimand as if it ought to have been obvious. He thought for a moment that the general was going to bail. Hux, however, did no such thing, but merely looked abashed, and moved his hands from his waistband to behind his back. Terex had never resisted the urge to push his luck, and now seemed an opportunity made for doing so. ‘Say sorry,’ he said. The corners of Hux’s mouth turned down. His arms tensed, and then relaxed. ‘Sorry, daddy.’ Terex had forgotten quite how it had felt to hear those words from the mouth of Armitage Hux – struggling out like an unwilling surrender. His sweet, wounded arrogance had a more profound effect on Terex’s sensibilities than the well-honed ministrations of the denizens of countless pleasure palaces across the galaxy. He kept his gaze on the near-naked form of the general, admiring how his skin had coloured so red so quickly, and how it faded through a sunset of pinks as Hux’s embarrassment waned and he grew more comfortable under Terex’s gaze. ‘The bedroom,’ Hux said, after some moments had passed, ‘Is just through there.’ He glanced up and met Terex’s gaze, before gesturing to a door behind the desk. ‘Did I give you permission to speak?’ Terex asked, smiling coldly. Hux’s mouth opened and closed. ‘No, daddy.’ ‘You’re getting ahead of yourself, Armitage, my love. When it’s time for you to have your reward, we’ll go. But first, there is the problem of how very naughty you’ve been.’ ‘I…’ started Hux. ‘I have?’ ‘Why of course,’ continued Terex, beckoning Hux closer. ‘The way you spoke to me earlier was hardly acceptable, now was it?’ When Hux had drawn close to him, Terex patted his knees, and fixed him with a level gaze. ‘Lay across my lap, my dear.’ Hux hesitated, as if unsure how to proceed, but decided to go ahead and lie face down. His stomach was across Terex’s lap, the upper half of his torso protruding over one side, and his crotch pressed against Terex’s thigh on the other. ‘Excellent,’ cooed Terex. ‘Very good.’ He stroked a hand down Hux’s lower back on onto his arse, tracing gently over the fabric covering his hole, and down to the back of his balls, where his fingers swirled in teasing circles, pressure too light for anything approaching gratification. He felt Hux’s cock twitch with interest against his leg. ‘What a good boy you’re being for me, Armitage. But I’m afraid sweetening me up now won’t allow you to shirk your punishment.’ He tugged down Hux’s underwear enough to expose the pale skin of his ass. He raised his hand, and brought it down in a quick, hard slap. Hux drew in a sharp breath, and shuddered a little. ‘One,’ said Terex. The next blow was harder still, and made a satisfying thwacking sound against the general’s flesh. Hux yelped as the blow hit, before trying belatedly to hold back the cry. ‘Now, now,’ warned Terex. ‘That won’t do. I don’t want you pretending to be braver than you are – I want you to scream and shout, so this whole ship knows how bad you’ve been, and how thoroughly you’re being punished. Two.’ When he brought his hand down this time, Hux let out an indistinct whimper, and tried to steady himself by bringing his hands to the floor. ‘No, you don’t,’ said Terex, grabbing one of his arms. ‘Hands behind your head.’ As Terex continued to count the blows, Hux became more vocal, shaking and sobbing as the slaps came quicker and harder than before. Terex also noted that Hux’s cock was stiffening against his leg, but Hux did not attempt to grind against him for release, and he couldn’t help but admire the younger man’s resolve. When he had counted to nineteen, Terex stopped, and began to stroke soothingly over the red marks that had formed on Hux’s skin. ‘Well now, my dear,’ he said, ‘You’ve been ever so good for me, haven’t you? What would you like to do next? Your choice, love.’ Hux was still panting and shaking, and Terex whole-heartedly expected him to ask to be fucked now. He hadn’t yet decided if he’d indulge him, or how soon. He was hard himself, and wanted nothing more than to be inside Hux once again, after so long, but he had always placed great value on the drama of it all. ‘I would like,’ began Hux, not moving from his position across Terex’s lap. ‘I would like you to spank me again, if you would be so kind, daddy.’ Terex felt a sudden, uncontrollable wave of affection and admiration. He appreciated for the first time the tactical mastery that had surely got the younger Hux to where he was today. It what either that, or he’d allowed his superiors to fuck him somewhere along the way. He was sure both methods would have been effective. ‘You know,’ he noted, ‘It’s not a punishment if you like it, dear.’ He paused, letting Hux consider what an alternative punishment might entail. ‘But perhaps you feel you haven’t learnt your lesson yet,’ said Terex, relenting. ‘And who am I to deny you further instruction?’ Without further warning he resumed the blows. He didn’t count them this time, but kept them coming swiftly and forcefully. Hux cried out louder now, and though Terex was certain the walls of the Finalizer must be soundproofed somehow, he liked to imagine that any passing officer or trooper might overhear their general’s sobs. The noises Hux was making were almost obscene, and no one could be sure, not Terex, perhaps not even Hux himself, to what extent they were pain or pleasure. Terex stopped, and allowed Hux time to catch his breath. His limbs were limp and passive now; the last few cries had seemed torn from him unawares, and he was still breathing in little sobbing gasps. ‘An admirable effort,’ Terex told him, scooping Hux up and onto his lap. He pressed kisses against Hux’s tear-stained face, and tasted salt. ‘But now it’s my turn to pick.’ Hux shivered a little, and nestled further into Terex, resting his head on his shoulder. ‘But maybe I’m tired of you now, darling,’ he mused. ‘You are so very demanding. What if I just left you here, all naked and so very, very needy?’ He gripped Hux’s cock lightly, and moved away to look into his pretty blue-green eyes. ‘Would you like that?’ Hux’s lip pouted forwards in childish discontent. Even in his blissed haze, he still managed a sluggish scowl. ‘No.’ Terex tightened his grip, and Hux yelped. ‘No, daddy.’ He released him, and leant back in his chair. ‘Well then,’ he said, lazily, ‘I suppose you’d better go to the bedroom and get ready, then.’ Hux tilted his head to one side, frowning. ‘Go on,’ said Terex, shooing him away. ‘Go.’ Hux got up, and walked to the door behind the desk. His gait was remarkably composed given what he had just experienced, but it was still far from up to his usual military precision. The red marks on his behind were a match for the colour of his deepest blushes, and Terex found the similarity extraordinarily satisfying. He followed him from a distance through into the next room. It wasn’t particularly large for the bedroom of a high-ranking officer, but the bed itself was certainly large enough for their purpose, and that was all that counted to Terex. Hux got on the bed, and lay back expectantly, propped up on his elbows. Terex nodded as if to spur him into action. Hux, still maintaining eye contact with Terex so as to be assured of his approval, removed his underwear, and reached into a drawer under the bed to take out a bottle of lubricant. Terex folded his arms, watched, and waited. Hux slicked up two finger, and pushed one inside himself, and the second not long after. He splayed the fingers to stretch himself, sighing breathily at the sensation. He stretched his legs out wide – putting on a show. ‘I’m ready, daddy,’ he panted, thrusting his fingers in and out, as if to illustrate the point. Terex began to undress. ‘I’m sorry, Armitage, love,’ he said, ‘But you’re going to have to open yourself more than that. You musn’t shirk on the essentials.’ Groaning in frustration and desire, Hux pushed in a third finger, stretching with that one too. ‘Please, daddy, please,’ he whined, when Terex was down to his underclothes. ‘Please fuck me.’ ‘Darling,’ insisted Terex, ‘I’d never forgive myself if I hurt you. Just a little more.’ Hux was almost sobbing again as he inserted his little finger too. His thrusts were slower and more stilted now, the ungainly extra digit having frustrated further his attempts at satisfaction. His cock was hard against his belly, its head flushed as red as his cheeks, red as the marks on his ass that would surely bruise… Terex could hold back no longer, and when he had stripped completely he moved swiftly to the bed. ‘On your belly, love,’ he said, as he reached for the lubricant and smoothed some onto his dick. Hux nodded with eagerness he was too needy to disguise, withdrew his hand, and flipped over onto his front. Terex used one hand to shuffle Hux’s legs wider apart. He then gripped his cock and, lying down almost fully on top of Hux, guided it inside him. Hux turned his head to one side and gasped as Terex entered him, and as he was pushed down harder onto the mattress. His mouth was forced openly slightly by the position, and Terex used the opportunity to kiss him greedily, biting down on Hux’s lips hard enough that they would be flush bigger and pinker. He switched his attentions to sucking a bruise into the point where Hux’s shoulder met his neck, and began to thrust into Hux deep and fast. Hux cried out with every thrust, the noise apparently taking him by surprise, but he didn’t try to fight it. Terex bit back his own groans by sinking his teeth more forcefully into the general’s neck. When Terex felt he was about to come, he pulled himself onto his knees, holding Hux’s hips to drag him back with him, and before the general could position himself properly on hands and knees, Terex was coming inside of him. Terex shut his eyes as for a moment he felt empty, black bodilessness, before returning, panting, to the softly blurred image of Hux, his dick still inside him. He pulled out, feeling so deliciously boneless he could sleep right away, and wondered if this was how it felt to be old. Still, no time for that now. He reached out to Hux’s still hard cock, and felt the general moan as Terex slid his thumb over the tip, which dripped precome. Terex gave Hux a light push, and he rolled pliantly onto his back. He looked dazed and fucked out, thoroughly used up on giving Terex pleasure. Without a word, Terex moved down the bed and positioned himself between Hux’s long, slim legs so that he could take his cock in his mouth. It wasn’t a sexual act he performed often, but nonetheless, he knew his way around a cock, and Terex was able to take Hux into his mouth with very little trouble. He hollowed his cheeks as he sucked on it – gently, because Hux, poor boy, was rather over stimulated – but at a steady and hard enough pace that before long the general’s breathing was heavy and halting. ‘Daddy,’ he gasped, ‘Daddy, please, may I, oh –‘ He hummed approvingly around Hux’s cock, and suddenly his seed was spurting into Terex’s mouth. He didn’t care for the taste of come, ordinarily, but in this instance, Terex couldn’t bring himself to care, and he swallowed around Hux’s dick, lapping up what he’d missed as he stroked Hux’s thighs through the aftershocks. He slid back up the bed, and kissed Hux slow and gentle. ‘You’ve been such a good boy, Armitage. My sweet little boy.’ * * * To Terex’s surprise, even when Hux had returned from the fresher he lay back in bed, and permitted Terex to wrap his arms around him. He relished the sensation of enveloping Hux’s slender form with his own. He breathed in the scent of his skin, which was sweat and the faint odour of some kind of soft and smoky soap or cologne. Terex kissed over the bruise that he had sucked into the general’s neck. It finished just about where his uniform collar would sit. Not visible, but he’d be able to feel it. Hux’s comm buzzed. Terex sighed in irritation, although he had been expecting something of this nature to occur. Hux slipped out of his embrace, and sat up in bed to reach for the communications unit. ‘Yes?’ Hux listened intently to whoever was on the other line. Terex tugged at his arm, but Hux pushed him away. ‘Surely you can find some way of diffusing the situation yourself, Lieutenant?’ he said, running a hand through his hair. ‘I don’t care how unmanageable he’s being, you simply can’t call me up at all hours of the day, expecting me to deal with every one of Ren’s tantrums. Resolve it. That’s an order, Lieutenant.’ Hux lay the comm back on the nightstand, and Terex resumed his attempts to try and pull him back under the covers. ‘I meant to tell you, by the way,’ said Terex, as Hux still looked warily at the comm. ‘Your Kylo Ren has been following me around ever since I boarded your ship.’ ‘Oh?’ said Hux. ‘Why has he taken such an interest in me, do you think?’ The question was light and teasing, but Hux did not alter the sternness of his expression. ‘I’ve really no idea,’ he replied tetchily. ‘I don’t answer for Ren’s actions.’ Terex studied Hux’s expression for a moment. ‘You’re fucking him, aren’t you?’ Hux pursed his lips, and said nothing. ‘You’re fucking him,’ said Terex, almost unable to believe the words as he said them. ‘You are, you’re actually fucking him. Oh, this is too good!’ ‘It’s not how you think,’ insisted Hux, folding his arms across his chest. ‘Kylo Ren is the only person on this ship outside of my chain of command and therefore- ‘ ‘You don’t have to justify yourself to me, Armitage,’ said Terex, rolling onto his back and smirking with glee. ‘What you get up to in your own private time, and with what foul beasties, is really none of my business. All I want is your word that I’ll get off this vessel without your guard dog inflicting a little light mauling on your poor paramour.’ ‘The association between Kylo Ren and I,’ said Hux, clearly somewhat nettled by his words, ‘Is purely a matter of convenience.’ ‘Oh, really?’ countered Terex. ‘Does he know that?’ Hux scowled, and slumped back into bed. He didn’t stop Terex from putting his arms around him once more, but didn’t relax into the touch with the same ease as before. ‘Are there some things he isn’t providing for you, my love?’ asked Terex. ‘Some things you’re scared to ask of him, perhaps?’ Terex felt Hux tense up a little, and he realised it was the first time he’d used endearments with Hux outside of their little games. ‘You’re asking of me more than I can tell you, daddy,’ replied Hux, sweet and snide as ever. He was holding back, Terex was sure, but the tension had gone from his limbs, and he seemed at ease once more. Terex felt a strange, unprompted feeling of fondness spreading out from his chest, and ascribed it to the natural aftermath of orgasm. Terex slept, and when he awoke, Hux was gone. He stumbled out of bed, dressed, and made his way back into the office. He studied more carefully this time the artefacts in the niches on the wall, and noticed a small portrait of Brendol Hux. Terex examined it with interest – it had been some time since he had last seen the commandant. The image must have been captured at around the same time he had visited the Huxs’ residence all those years ago, for the resemblance almost exactly matched his memory. Still, looking at the picture, he wondered if there wasn’t a faint brassiness about Brendol Hux’s grey hair after all, as was often seen in the locks of men whose hair had once been red. Perhaps Hux’s gingery locks hadn’t come from his mother after all. Terex picked up the picture to look at it more closely, and saw that there was something that had been stored behind it. He took it in his other hand. It was a packet of cigarettes, the brand unmistakable. Royal Corellians, with the gold tips. He set the portrait back down, and opened the cigarettes. Just under half of them remained. Before putting the box back, Terex took one cigarette, and stowed it in his jacket pocket. ‘Fair’s fair,’ he muttered to himself, before leaving the office to return to the Carrion Spike, and leaving Armitage Hux for the last time. Notes: For more of my detailed headcanons on the First Order's sexual politics (or whatever) feel free to follow me on tumblr. I'm fichead there as well ;) Notes: Further warnings: Terex initially underestimates Hux's age by one or two years, but still pervs on him a little. One use of the word 'slut.' I'm on tumblr if my sin is the sin 4 u...