An Unconventional Solution Hux sat stiffly on the richly-brocaded sofa, gloved hands in his lap. His new wife sat next to him, legs crossed with her large hands firmly planted on her knees. The pair was sitting as far apart as possible without the distance appearing obvious. She did not look happy. There was an attitude of bored annoyance lingering behind her carefully guarded face. She would never be so foolish as to act petulantly in front of their parents, but Hux knew how she felt about their arranged marriage—it was a ridiculous, outdated social custom, and she despised it. He felt likewise. She was cold to him in a business-like way. She had never been hateful or condescending, although from her stiff posture and blank eyes, Hux had immediately known that she had no desire to marry—at least not him. He knew that the marriage embarrassed her. Her new status as Mrs. Hux seriously clashed with the tough persona she’d worked to build up over the years. Hux had never really thought of Phasma as a woman; she was a devoted and obedient servant of the First Order who just happened to be female. Yet that same source of military discipline and respect for authority compelled her to obey her father’s wishes that she marry. Admiral Phasma and Commandant Hux were powerful military leaders who served during the empire and gladly embraced the First Order. They were also great friends who were both aging and becoming anxious that their sole offspring had not yet advanced their notable family lines. What better way to solve their problem than to arrange a marriage between the two? They were perfect for each other; both healthy, young, accomplished, elite, and unattached. When Hux’s father came to him with the “good” news that he had found him a bride, Hux was incensed. When he found out the name of his betrothed, he was mortified. He winced as he recalled their wedding night. They’d returned to their quarters, sat down on the bed, and started to strip. They were both silent; there was no foreplay, no champagne, no music. Each regarded the consummation as a chore. Hux was pleasantly surprised to find that underneath the heavy clothing she wore, her body was firm and curvaceous. At least there was that. She didn’t really look at him. She didn’t seem nervous or angry, just bored. Luckily, it didn’t take long. Neither of them spoke, and afterwards she rose from the bed and walked towards the shower, even though he knew there was no way she could be sweaty from that quick and passionless union. They now lived together in shared quarters on the Finalizer, because it was expected of them. Nothing else had really changed. No one dared mock either partner, and except for a few polite but spiritless “congratulations” from some of the other senior officers, no one made any reference to the fact that General Hux and Captain Phasma were now husband and wife. Now, it is two months later, and they both sit uncomfortably on a plush, overstuffed sofa, waiting for their fathers to enter the study. Dinner had been dull, filled with long silences and stilted conversation, and the young couple excused themselves while their elderly fathers remained in the dining room. “Oh, Armitage?” Hux’s father had called as they were about to exit. “Do stick around, will you? There’s something that the Admiral and I would like to discuss with you two.” After the better part of an hour, their fathers entered. Hux Junior had known the Admiral for many years now. He respected and admired the elder Phasma’s strength, intellect, and impressive military accomplishments. In the manner of a young man looking up to an older one, he had always thought of him as someone indestructible. However, it was clear that the Admiral was now succumbing to the slow march of time. As he climbed into his seventies, the retired military hero became more and more feeble. On the other hand, Hux’s own father seemed the same as always: stern, cold, and implacable. Hux was afraid of what was coming. From the irritation he could sense from his wife, she knew too. Nothing productive had come from their wedding night, and they had not lain together since. This was perhaps lucky, because Phasma had just been unexpectedly deployed for a five month campaign, followed by a long-term training regimen, and would have to put off her leave once more. Hux and Phasma dreaded telling relaying this news--it would sound like an excuse. Their parents didn’t seem to understand just how difficult it was to have a life outside of work in the First Order. The Empire had been strict, but that was nothing compared to the fanatical loyalty that the newest government demanded. “Right then,” Hux Senior stated, slowly settling into a leather chair across from the couple and next to an ornate fireplace. “Down to business. How have you two newlyweds been getting along?” Phasma shot Hux a loaded glance, clearly expecting him to answer his own father. “We … we’re quite happy, thank you,” Hux replied stiffly. Hux Senior frowned at the pat reply. “That’s all well and fine. However, we are more interested in whether or not you have good news for your old parents?” Hux had expected this question, and yet he still felt embarrassed. “Oh. Well, not yet, I’m afraid.” The old Admiral’s disappointment was palpable. He suddenly seemed even more tired. “Oh,” he murmured. “We have been trying,” Phasma interrupted, a calm and blatant lie. “But I understand that these things can take some time.” Her father nodded. “Yes, of course. You must be patient, my dear. The important thing is that you are trying … because, if you are not trying, then there isn’t much point to all this, now is there?” Phasma raised her eyes to her father’s. Hux swallowed. Clearly, his father-in-law saw past his unenthusiastic daughter’s excuses. The tension in the room was palpable. Hux instantly felt very small and very awkward. “Well,” he blurted out, “we’ll just have to … try harder, then won’t we?” Hux tried not to wince at his own ridiculous words. He heard the sharp intake of breath from Phasma that indicated she was annoyed with him. “Well, naturally we would like to obey your wishes, but unfortunately there’s been a complication.” She took a deep breath. “I’ve just been deployed for a five month campaign in the Inner Rim. When I return, I’ll be in charge of overseeing an intensive training program for a new wave of Stormtrooper recruits who are just coming of age. I was hoping to take leave later this year but Leader Snoke has forbidden it. If you’ll recall, he was none too enthusiastic regarding our marriage in the first place. I just simply don’t see a way around it … unless of course we use a surrogate or arrange to have a child grown in vitro…?” “No, absolutely not,” her father snapped. “No grandchild of mine will be grown in a tube like a clone, and I would never trust a stranger with my flesh and blood.” The veil of courtesy fell. He pointed a shaking finger in his daughter’s face. “I have always done everything you have ever asked of me. You have had every opportunity imaginable. All I ask in return is a grandchild. And you are going to provide that to me.” He sat back in the leather chair, suddenly tired from his outburst. She was openly irritated now. “I don’t appreciate being pressured. My work comes first. The Order comes first. Your grandchild will have to wait.” The Admiral frowned, his anger dissipating into fatigue. “The thing is, my dear, I’m afraid it can’t wait. I’m sorry to have kept this from you, but I did not wish to distract you from your own duties.” He paused, as if gathering strength to summon the words. “I’m not well. I’ve been undergoing cancer treatments for several months now. According to the doctors, I may not have more than a few years.” Phasma let a small, nearly inaudible gasp escape. Her rebellious attitude suddenly dissolved into melancholy. Hux was a little surprised at her—was she blind? Could she not see how old and feeble her father had become? Or, was she willfully ignoring his obvious signs of decrepitude? During this interchange, Hux’s own father was suspiciously quiet. He seemed to consider something. He steepled his fingers and observed his son in a way that made Hux feel very uncomfortable. “It’s unfortunate that the physical and dangerous nature of the Captain’s duties will not permit her to carry a child at this time,” the Commandant said. “However, there is another possibility. I’ll admit, it is a bit unconventional, but under the circumstances, this may be our best option.” He stood up and walked over to the sofa, placing his hand firmly on his son’s shoulders. “Young Armitage can carry the child.” “Wait, what?” Hux spluttered. His gaze darted up towards his father, whose grip suddenly tightened on his shoulder. “I have a friend who teaches medicine at the Arkanis Academy. His son is a specialist in reproductive surgery. I’m sure I could arrange for him to make the necessary surgical … enhancements …” “What sort of enhancements?” the General interrupted. “The procedure to implant the necessary female organs that will permit a male individual to carry and deliver a child. It’s perfectly safe and entirely routine. I’ve met men who have had this procedure done. There is absolutely no change to his personality, health, or manhood. One might consider it an biological upgrade that allows a father to serve as mother if necessary. It’s all quite modern.” Hux couldn’t believe his ears. Had he just heard correctly? The young general was in a panic. Wasn’t anyone going to ask him what he thought? This was his body they were talking about. His own father was treating him like a piece of breeding stock. “Well,” the Admiral mused, frowning. “This is certainly an unconventional approach. I’ll admit I’ve heard of this, but I’d certainly never considered this for my own son-in-law.” He leaned forward with resolve. The General felt relieved. He’s going to oppose this insanity, Hux thought—the Admiral was a traditional, straight-laced man. Wanting to continue a lineage is one thing, but surely he would not agree to this absurdity just for the chance to bounce a screaming infant on his knee for a year or two? He glanced at his wife. It was difficult to read her expression, although he could detect a hint of surprise and relief. “I find this arrangement acceptable,” she replied. An eternity seemed to pass, and the general realized that he was staring blankly at his father, mouth open like a fish. “Well, son,” his father finally said, crossing his arms. “What do you think?” All eyes were on him, clearly expecting him to agree. “I … I have my work as well,” he stammered. “It wouldn’t be convenient for me to take time off, either.” “Son, you parade around on your flagship and sit in on five hour meetings. Do you think I’m not familiar with your duties? How many hours do you sit comfortably, filling out paperwork while your wife is on the battlefield, risking her neck?” He leaned forward with a haughty expression. “You can work while carrying a child—don’t think you would be the first person to do that. You’ll continue in your role until you are physically unable to do so—you will take a few weeks’ of medical leave, and then you will return to duty. It’s that simple. This is what the Admiral and I want, and I believe it is the best option for all parties involved.” Hux felt paralyzed. He was a small child again, powerless, stupidly arguing with his father over some frivolous matter. He wanted to jump up in outrage and tell his overbearing parent once and for all that he was his own person, that he should have the power to make his own decisions. He was not his father’s pet, nor was he his soldier—he was his son, and as such, he deserved respect. He wanted to say all of these things, but when he looked up and met the ugly gaze of his father and the sad eyes of the Admiral, he knew what he had to say. As his new wife clearly cared nothing for him, his father was all the family he had. He couldn’t bear to alienate him, and he didn’t dare oppose him. All his life, he had always done everything his father had wished—on the rare occasions he’d rebelled, the stern disciplinarian had made him quickly realize the error of his ways. And he realized that, just as with his marriage, he had no choice in this matter, either. “Very well,” he said, his black-gloved hands limp in his lap. Chapter 2 : Routine Developments Summary: Angered by his own lack of agency, Hux nevertheless moves forward with his father's arrangements for his family. The next couple of months seemed to pass in a blur. Hux reluctantly made an appointment for his pre-op physical, where he was given a course of hormones to take each morning. Next week’s surgery was routine and uneventful. He woke afterwards feeling tired and groggy but relatively well. His abdomen was a bit swollen and his entire pelvic region was very sore. He was surprised to find only two small incisions on his belly, both of which would probably completely heal with no trace of a scar. He frowned. Such small cuts for such a big change, he mused. Within a few days, he was discharged and reported fit to return to work. Two weeks later, he returned with his wife. After providing samples of their genetic material, the doctors created a group of zygotes, which were then injected into the reluctant Hux. The general returned to the clinic two weeks later, and after a quick blood test, the healers confirmed that he was in fact, pregnant. When he got the news, he suddenly felt cornered. He knew this was coming, but for some reason he had been able to ignore the inevitable in order to soothe his damaged ego. But now, it was official. It was done. The healer seemed confused by his unenthusiastic reaction. “Sir, are you feeling all right? Aren’t you happy, sir?” Men never volunteered for this procedure unless they wanted to become pregnant. Male pregnancy was not and perhaps would never become mainstream. Hux forced a smile and nodded. “Yes, I’m very pleased by the news. Thank you for your efforts. Do you have some instructions for me?” Hux left the clinic with yet more hormones, an elaborate course of prenatal vitamins, and an educational manual published by the clinic. He was suddenly very tired, for no apparent reason. On the ride home, he felt numb. He was pregnant. How could he have let this happen? He thought about finding some way to get rid of it, although he knew he would never go through with it. It would look too suspicious, and there was no healthy clandestine way to go about it. He worried about returning to work on Monday. No one knew except Phasma, himself, and Leader Snoke, who could not seem to care less what Hux did or did not do with his body, provided he could perform his role adequately. Not even Kylo Ren knew, although Hux suspected that the force user could sense his anxiety. That night he undressed and looked at his trim waist in the mirror. The healer had told him that his pregnancy wouldn’t become apparent until the third or fourth month. He ran a hand across the smooth, tight skin that he knew would soon become ugly and distended. The thought of the little lifeform growing inside sickened him—he already hated it. He put on his pajamas and sat on the side of the bed, facing the wall. His wife lay in bed, reading a data pad. She was due to ship out in the morning. “Iliana, I’m pregnant,” he announced to his wife. His voice didn’t sound like it belonged to him. “Good,” she replied, her eyes never leaving the data pad. “I’ll let my father know.” And that was all she said on the matter. She turned the light off and they both lay down, facing opposite directions. Hux was mentally and emotionally exhausted. He felt embarrassed and trapped, but mostly he was tired of thinking about it. He was suddenly glad that he was due to report back to work in the morning—he needed the welcome distraction of his career. He needed to stand on the bridge in his crisp, black uniform and be in charge of something. He certainly wasn’t in charge of any other part of his life. ----- Each night, Hux forced himself to read a few pages from his manual. After a lengthy introduction, the book consisted of chapters that explained the biological changes and symptoms he could expect to experience during each stage. According to this book, he could expect to feel fatigue and dizziness almost immediately, and he could start to have nausea with or without vomiting as early as the fourth week. This ‘morning sickness,’ which could apparently strike at any time of the day or night, usually initiated by strong odors, generally lasted until week 14-16, but could persist throughout the entire pregnancy. This worried Hux. A few bad days were to be expected, but nine months of sickness? Hopefully it wouldn’t come to that. A couple of months in, he could expect the typical food cravings to begin. A heartbeat should be detectable after two months, and he could start to feel the fetus moving as early as the fourth month. He threw the booklet down in disgust. He didn’t want to think about that yet. He kept himself busy at work, splitting time between the Finalizer and headquarters. He accompanied an attack squad on a mission to scout out rebel terrorists who were attempting to infiltrate one of their smaller bases on an Outer Rim planet. After their great victory with the Starkiller, the rebels had gotten cocky. They seemed to think they were invincible. Hux deeply enjoyed showing them that they were not. The First Order was now a very cautious administration, and had invested a great deal of time and effort into security and defense. Like swatting flies, Hux smirked to himself as he stepped from the shuttle onto the landing platform. He walked confidently with his hands behind his back. For the first time in a while, he felt like himself again. Over the next few weeks, he continued to work closely alongside the remaining structure of military leaders, planning new bases and overseeing ‘recruitment.’ It would take a long time, but with his carefully-orchestrated long-term plan, he was confident that the First Order would recover from their great catastrophe. When he caught himself slipping into self-pity, mourning the loss of his pet project Starkiller Base, he reminded himself that they did take out the Hosnian System. That was a bigger blow to the Republic than the loss of the First Order’s superweapon was to them. In a way, it had served its purpose, and the entire incident had taught Hux a vital lesson about military bravado—the bigger they are, the brighter the explosion. The First Order would not make the same mistake twice. He awoke one morning in the eighth week with a nagging headache. He rose, as always, drank a glass of water and swallowed the multitude of pills prescribed by his reproductive consultant, nibbled a bit of toast, and went to work. He was halfway to his office when he began to feel dizzy. I should have eaten more, he thought, wincing as he rested his head against the cool metal panel. He closed his eyes tightly and took several deep breaths. He had been feeling especially tired lately, despite faithfully taking his vitamins and hormone pills and sleeping a full eight hours every night. He pushed back the thought that his pregnancy symptoms were finally starting to emerge— I would have noticed something by now, he told himself. It’s been two months, and I haven’t had any problems. The dizziness passed, and he continued on his way. He turned a corner and met the second unpleasantness of the day: Kylo Ren. He stood there, clothed in his black garments, which fit considerably looser since the dark lord’s long convalescence. Fortunately, he had not seen much of Kylo Ren over the past several weeks. After his release from the medical ward, Ren spent most of his time with Leader Snoke. Hux nodded coldly. “Lord Ren,” he greeted. Ren paused for a few moments and then nodded back. “General.” Hux started to walk past him, but Ren held up a hand. “Wait,” he said, and Hux stopped. Ren began slowly walking around him, carefully looking him up and down. “Well, what is it?” Hux snapped. “I’m late enough as it is.” “There’s something different about you,” Ren mused. “I’ve been noticing it for some time now. You smell different. And you’re giving off … it’s difficult to put into words … a sort of energy.” Hux scoffed. “Really, Ren. What a thing to say. Nothing’s different, everything’s fine. I’ve just been a bit tired lately—that’s all. I’ve been working very hard to try to clean up this huge mess that you got us into with that girl and the infernal map.” “No, it’s not that,” Ren continued. “It’s not fatigue that I’m sensing. It’s something new, something positive.” Ren approached Hux, who took a rapid step backwards, his hands protectively flying towards his stomach. Ren held up a hand towards his abdomen. Hux twitched nervously. “What are you doing?” he demanded. After several moments, Ren lowered his hand and looked up at his colleague. “General,” he stated. “I had no idea. Should I offer my congratulations? Or was this someone else’s idea?” “I don’t … I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Hux stammered. “Oh, I think you do. I know how little you think of my proclivities with the force, but you must admit that it does make me quite perceptive. I can clearly sense the three of you.” Hux sighed angrily. “Kylo Ren, my personal life is none of your business. Our business together is the First Order, and unless you have something to say to me regarding that, then please spare me your…” he trailed off. His faced blanched. What had Ren said?? “What do you mean, three?!?” Chapter 3 : The Gradual Shift Summary: Hux spends some time reflecting and reevaluating his relationships. Luckily, Hux was able to meet with a technician at the clinic immediately after his shift. His first ultrasound was scheduled for later in the week, but Hux demanded they move it up. “Yes, you are indeed having twins,” the technician reported, turning the scanner towards Hux to show him the imagery. “Multiple births are common with artificial insemination. The doctors have to put several specimens inside of you to ensure that at least one will implant. Everything is proceeding well, and they’re both very healthy. It’s a bit too early to tell the genders. Is this your first pregnancy?” Hux stared at the viewscreen without really seeing it. He nodded slowly. “That’s actually good then, that you’re having twins. Each baby will be smaller than a normal, fully grown fetus. It will make the delivery easier.” She glanced down at his waist. “With those narrow hips, you’ll need all the help you can get. Even with the smaller babies, there may still be some tearing, and certainly a bit of pelvic fracturing.” Tearing and pelvic fracturing, thought Hux. Great. He could add that horror to the growing list of unpleasant items he had to look forward to within the coming months. When he returned home, he left a pile of the ultrasound print outs on the dresser. He ran himself a warm bath and tried to relax. He was so tired! He hadn’t noticed it much until he sank into the warm water. Was it going to be like this from here on out? He leaned back against the wet tiles of the soaking tub and closed his eyes. He suddenly realized that he had dozed off when a beeping sound woke him. It was Phasma calling him on the holo-emitter. He carefully rose from the now-cold water, quickly dried, wrapped himself in a robe and entered the living room. She appeared in uniform with her mask off. She called him most evenings when she could squeeze in the time. They generally only talked about military matters. The baby was still an awkward topic for both of them. “What took you so long?” she seemed annoyed. Hux sighed and rubbed his face. “Sorry, I fell asleep in the tub.” She frowned. “Feel asleep in the tub? What if you drowned?” “Then I suppose you wouldn’t have to put up with me anymore, then would you?” “Don’t act childishly, Armitage. What’s gotten into you, anyway? You look worried.” Hux fidgeted. “I had an ultrasound today. I found out some additional news. We’re having twins.” Phamsa looked stunned, and then to Hux’s surprise, she broke out into a smile. “Really? That’s … good news. Our parents will be pleased. Are they healthy?” she asked. Then as an afterthought, “How are you feeling?” Hux shrugged. “They’re fine, and I’m just a bit tired, and … well, very tired. All I want to do is sleep.” “Did the technician give you copies of the scans?” she asked. “Sure.” “I want to see them.” He brought the data rod that contained the digital copies of the ultrasound pictures and inserted them into the holo-emitter data port. Phasma would be able to view them on her datapad. He saw her holding the pad in her hands, scrolling through the images. “They don’t look much like babies...” she observed in a suspicious sounding voice. She wore the expression of someone slightly jaded, or unconvinced, and yet her eyes seemed to light up at the sight of the little ones. “Apparently, that’s normal for that stage. They won’t really resemble human infants until the fifth or sixth month. They’ll be kicking then.” “I should be home by then, hopefully,” she replied. Hopefully? Hux thought. Why should she care? She got what she wanted—grandchildren for her father with no interruption to her own life or career. She suddenly turned her attention on him. “I’ll bet you haven’t eaten much today, have you? You look pale. You’re taking all your vitamins and hormones, right?” “No, I haven’t really eaten much, and yes, I’m taking all the necessary supplements.” “Armitage, you have to eat. I don’t think you’re taking care of yourself. Eat something before going to sleep.” “Fine,” he acquiesced. “Well, I’ve got to go. Thanks for the scans. Good night.” She ended the transmission. Hux sat down to soup and crackers and then fell into bed. He felt a bit confused by their conversation. Phasma had never shown the slightest interest in the child. Was it his imagination, or was she excited to see the ultrasound scans? And since when did she fuss over him like that? Hux didn’t have long to analyze his wife’s potential transformation—before he knew it, he’d drifted off into a deep, sound sleep. ----- After the fourth month, Hux filled out rapidly. Before, he’d been able to somewhat hide his expanding waistline with a larger uniform and his billowing greatcoat, but once the pregnancy reached a certain tipping point, his gut seemed to explode into the space around him. Hux ignored the confused looks for as long as he could, until finally casually mentioning to Mitaka—within earshot of other officers—that he couldn’t join him in the lounge for a drink due to his ‘delicate condition.’ Gossip took care of the rest, and now he didn’t need to explain anything. The first time he felt the babies (baby?) kick, he was actually standing on the bridge, looking out on the viewport. He inhaled sharply, drawing a concerned look from his second in command, whom he effectively silenced with an icy stare. Slowly, in an attempt not to draw attention to himself, he drew his gloved hands up to his large middle, placing his hands on the roundest part of his belly. He felt one more kick, softer than the first. Taking a deep breath, he closed his eyes, and allowed himself a gentle smile. He was surprised. He’d been anticipating this moment for some weeks now, but he didn’t expect to enjoy it. He thought of the babies as extremely inconvenient appendages to himself, not as precious things to nurture and love. But those little kicks, that strange sensation of movement from deep within, seemed to wake up something inside of him. Hux didn’t think he was capable of loving or nurturing anyone. He was a general of the First Order, the brutal and tireless warrior who exterminated the entire Republic with one blast from his fearsome superweapon. He destroyed—he did not create. Yet something strange was happening inside of him, some odd shift in his thinking, and to his great surprise, he was starting to think that perhaps this reluctant pregnancy was not such a terrible thing after all. At the conclusion of the sixth month, Phasma returned. It was late in the cycle when her shuttle docked at the Finalizer. Despite a nagging back ache and terribly swollen ankles, Hux still ventured out to the hangar to meet her shuttle. When she stepped down the ramp and saw him, she stopped for a few moments before continuing towards him. As she reached him, he turned around, and they walked side by side to their quarters. “I trust your journey was comfortable?” Hux commented as they walked along, as if he were speaking to any officer. “Yes, sir. Thank you,” came the measured reply. As soon as they entered their quarters, Phasma all but tore her helmet off. She grabbed the general by the shoulders, kissing him long and hard on the lips. Hux allowed this for a moment or two, mainly out of surprise, before pushing her away. “Lily!” he spluttered. “What’s gotten into you?” “Armitage!” she said breathlessly, grinning stupidly. “Look at you! It was all I could do to keep from grabbing you the moment I stepped off the shuttle. You look … amazing!” “Ha!” Hux responded, settling himself gently into his desk chair. “I look ridiculous. I’m huge, and I’m getting bigger every day. This is my third maternity uniform, and it’s already too tight. It’s been very difficult to maintain an air of authority when I can barely rise from a chair without assistance.” “No, Armitage: I mean it. You look wonderful. Your color is excellent. Your hair looks so healthy and shiny, and I find your figure to be …very attractive.” Hux snorted. “Well, I can’t imagine why.” She sat down in a chair next to him and put her hand on his knee. “Aren’t you happy to see me?” Hux looked up at her. He was exhausted and aching, but he couldn’t suppress a small smile. “Believe it or not, I am. It’s just been very difficult, that’s all. I’m tired all the time, I hurt all over, and I can’t wait for this to be over. There is this, though.” He took her hand and placed it firmly against his rounded stomach. After a few short moments, Illiana felt a kick and gasped. “They’re very rambunctious,” Hux complained. She reached over and hugged him just as Hux attempted to stifle a long yawn. “I realize that you’re exhausted and that you need to go to bed, but we’ve been apart for so long. Perhaps I could help you relax a bit first.” Hux suddenly felt more awake. Surprisingly, he wanted to be with Lily, and not just because he hadn’t had sex in months. He now felt strangely drawn to her. It was like a thread had begun raveling between them, something that went beyond their mutual professional respect and the forced association brought on by the arranged marriage. As his pregnancy had progressed, she’d seemed more interested in him, and not just because of the kids. And when she embraced him this evening, he saw something sparkling in her eyes that he’d never noticed before. As he lay propped up on pillows later that evening, watching his sleeping wife next to him, he realized that he was starting to care about her as well. He drifted off to sleep, feeling happy and at peace for the first time in a very long while. Chapter 4 : At the Rebel Base Summary: General Hux's mission to destroy a secret Rebel base produces unexpected results. Naturally, Phasma didn’t want him to go on the mission to Iridonia Four—not one month before his due date. “I’ll be staying on the Finalizer, Lily,” he explained to her. “I won’t even be going down to the surface. Kylo Ren will be with me. We’re so close to finally snuffing out that rebel cell who’s responsible for all of the terror attacks on imperial sympathizers. I headed up the last mission and took out their Outer Rim operation, and I’ve been following them for months. I need to do this, Lily. I’ll start my leave as soon as we get back.” She had reluctantly agreed, even though she knew that he outranked her and she had no say in which missions he participated in. Despite some small anxieties of his own, Hux was looking forward to the mission. His doctor had warned him that he could go into labor early, especially if he experienced heightened levels of stress. But, the Finalizer had a medbay to rival the best hospitals, and Hux was not anticipating an excess of trouble. He and his intelligence team had labored for weeks upon weeks to track down this rebel cell. He was positive that once they’d snuffed out their main base of operations, that the war would cool off for a time. Only then did Hux feel he could afford to take the time off for the birth and recovery. Besides, his symptoms had been relatively mild—his health was excellent, the twins were doing fine, and everything to do with his pregnancy had proceeded with textbook accuracy. He had no reason to expect any trouble, and it was silly to bow out of a crucial mission just because an alarmist medic brought up the small possibility of an early delivery. Finalizer exited hyperspace on the outskirts of the Iridonian system—close enough to mount a swift attack, but not too close to startle their quarry. Hux stood on the bridge, black-gloved hands clasped behind his back, and gazed out the transparisteel window. The planet in question, a small world at the edge of the system, was a modest, uninhabited cold desert—a poor place to live but a good place to hide out. Several small, misshapen moons orbited the lifeless rock, swirling in and out of the surrounding purple nebulae. The general snorted derisively. Hiding behind a nebula was a stale trick, and the rebels should have known better. Nebulae were infamous for scrambling signals and blocking scanners, but the First Order’s military technology was more than capable of punching through the interference. With such outdated equipment, the Rebels would have been better off hiding out in a less conspicuous system. Hux turned, calling his second-in-command to this side. “Captain Ardas, deploy two squadrons of TIEs. Basic escort formation. If we encounter hostiles, you may deploy additional fighters and formulate attack patterns at your own discretion.” “Yes, sir.” A nod and a salute. He turned to the communications array. “Lieutenant: continue to monitor our probe droids for any activity, and keep an eye out for any incoming or outgoing messages. Once we pass through the inner nebula, their scanners will be able to pick us up, and they’ll know we’re here.” That left one more task. He approached his command station and typed in the code to Phasma’s commlink. Her blue image appeared in sixth scale on the holoemitter pad built into the gray, durasteel workstation. “Captain, I trust everything is in order.” “Yes, General, sir. All four troop transports are ready to launch. After we disembark, shock troops will invade the base, followed by the second wave of stormtroopers and flametroopers. Persons of interest will be taken alive, and after our slicers have lifted all relevant data from their computer systems, the base is to be destroyed.” Hux smiled. “Excellent. Standby Captain, and await my command.” “Yes, sir.” Hux retreated to his command office and sat down, calling up the battle blueprint on his personal screen. He let out a small, involuntary groan as he settled his weight into the creaking chair. His feet ached terribly, and there was a twinge in his lower back—but the general was too pumped up on adrenalin to let these slight discomforts bother him. The months of planning, the hours upon hours of research, and the endless strategy meetings; they were all worth it, because this project was finally coming together. After one final review of the battle plans, he returned to the bridge. The Star Destroyer passed through the purple cloud, and the southern hemisphere of Iridonia Four came into view. “Captain Phasma,” he said into his commlink. “Launch troop transports. Check in with me on landing and after the first wave.” “Yes, sir,” came the stoic response. Hux positioned himself front and center, hands behind his back. He felt a sudden flurry of anxiety for the captain but quickly suppressed the feeling. “Everything will be fine,” he told himself. “We are prepared. You cannot control everything and you cannot predict all variables, but you are prepared to the best of your ability. Lily will be fine. She’s survived this long.” He took in a deep breath as he watched the four troop transports rapidly descend to the unsuspecting planet’s surface. ---------- Moments after landing on the planet’s surface, the four transports burst open—shocktroopers stormed the base, blasting open doors and smashing windows. Within moments, the unit realized that something was not right. The base was empty. Computer equipment buzzed quietly and several lights were on in the base’s inner rooms. But there were no people, no droids, no weapons, no supplies—nothing. The base appeared to have been recently deserted. Fearing a trap, the squad leader scanned the immediate vicinity for explosives, and found nothing. Back at the transports, Phasma’s commlink pinged. “Captain,” barked the squad leader. “Power is on, but the base is deserted. Incendiary scans came up negative.” “Send scouts to investigate further. The rest of you regroup with us.” “Yes, sir.” Phasma terminated the call and frowned. There was no conceivable way that this base was deserted. Scout ships had monitored communications and activity only hours before. A working base of this magnitude couldn’t evacuate completely within such a short time frame, even if they’d been tipped off. She contacted the ship. “General. The base appears to have been recently deserted. I’ve sent in a team to further investigate. Our scans didn’t indicate any hidden explosives, but I expect some sort of trap. I recommend returning to the ship to…” A stream of laser fire suddenly ripped past the group of standing troopers, throwing her to the side. She glanced up to see a group of four X-wings barreling towards the planet’s surface while more emerged from within the nooks and crannies of the planet’s rocky moons. “Captain!” cried her sergeant. “Where did they come from?” “They must have been powered down,” she shouted, rising from the dirt. “That’s why our scans didn’t detect them, and we couldn’t see them because they were hidden inside the caves!” “Back to the transport!” she screamed at her troopers. “Return to the ship!” But before they could board, a spray of blaster fire pummeled the surface, ripping apart the four transports. The nearest transport exploded, throwing the Captain and her troopers to the ground. ---------- Hux couldn’t believe his eyes. A cloud of X-wings began streaming from the planet’s rocky moons like pincher mites from a rotting building. “Engage TIES!” he shouted, slamming his fist down on the command console. He activated his holoemitter to warn his away team. “Captain,” he began … and then there was the unmistakable sound of laserfire. He overheard a muffled cry to return to the transport, and then there was a huge explosion. The connection fizzled and died. Hux felt a cold panic creep into his chest, an icy terror that he’d never experienced before. He felt frozen. "No," he thought. "Oh Gods, what if she…?" And then suddenly, he pulled himself together. Keep moving. Push on through. The doors to the bridge swished open and Kylo Ren entered. “Your carefully-laid plan seems to be encountering some unknown variables,” he remarked. “Shut up,” Hux snapped. “Are you here for a reason, or did you merely come to offer your expert commentary?” “I am here for a reason, at the request of your wife.” Hux spun on his heel. “What?” “I assured her that I would protect you in the event of hostilities.” Hux rolled his eyes. “Lord Ren, I don’t need protecting, and if you’re so intent on being helpful for a change, you could shuttle down to the surface and make sure the Captain is all right … I mean, retrieve the away team.” Ren cocked his head to the side for a moment, as if listening to something only he could hear. “The Captain is unharmed, I believe. They may in fact be safer down there for the meantime.” He nodded to the large transparisteel viewscreen. “We have problems of our own.” Hux looked out the window just in time to see a large rebel fleet emerge from hyperspace—a small multitude of Y-wing fighters and several B-wings accompanied three large Mon Cal Cruisers. Hux swallowed, sweat forming on his brow. The whole thing had been a ruse—how could they not have seen this? The Rebels were craftier than he thought. He suddenly winced as a sharp pain radiated through his lower back. He needed to sit down. His head was pounding and his ankles were killing him. “Deploy all squadrons of TIE fighters,” he ordered his second-in-command. “Then send out a distress beacon—we need backup. The Avenger and the Annihilator are patrolling nearby systems …” A sudden explosion rocked the bridge. “General, sir!” barked Lieutenant Mitaka. “Direct hits to our communications array and our shield generators. Shields down to 60%.” “Blast,” Hux growled through grit teeth. He sank into a padded chair next to the command station. He suddenly felt so heavy, so tight—his belly was like a rock, and his legs were shaking. “Dispatch repair crews to the communications array—we need to send that beacon … and get those shields back up to max!” “General,” Kylo Ren said, eyeing him curiously. “I’ll take over from here.” Hux snapped his head up. “Oh, you will, will you?” he spluttered in disbelief. “I don’t think so, Ren. How was I supposed to know we’d be ambushed?” “I’m not referring to your botched mission—it’s your current physical state that concerns me.” “Botched mission… physical state …” Hux trailed off, furious. How dare Ren treat him like an invalid, particularly in the middle of a heated battle in front of his subordinates. Was that infuriating man completely tactless? He didn’t know what angered him more—Ren’s bratty criticisms or the suggestion that his advanced pregnancy was hampering his ability to lead. “I’m fine,” he growled. “May I remind you that I am in command here, Ren!” “As you wish. But don’t you think it would be wise to alert the medbay?” Hux bristled, turning back to the tactical array. That comment did not deserve a response. Besides, he really was fine. He was just tense, that’s all. He was worked up. The day had not gone as planned, but there was no need to alert the medbay—nothing was happening. It was too early—if anything, he was feeling some of those fake contractions, the practice contractions that his reproductive specialist had warned him about. He had a job to do, and he wasn’t afraid of a bit of discomfort. He was about to check in with his lead TIE pilot when another explosion suddenly rocked the ship. “Sir!” reported the lieutenant—“Hangar Bay Eleven reports that Rebel forces are attempting to board the craft!” “You!” Hux snapped at the Force-user. “Get down there and take care of that!” For once, Ren obeyed, his dark robes whipping around him as he left the bridge. At that ill-timed moment, a stronger pain ripped through his belly, and he felt something shift inside of him. And suddenly, he was wet. He felt it pooling in his seat, rapidly soaking into the stiff synthwool of his jodphurs. He gasped, clutching his stomach. "No," he thought. "Not now. Not in the middle of everything, with Lily stranded down on the surface!" “Black Squadron Leader,” he gasped into his commlink, “Give me a report!” “Sir, we’ve sustained heavy losses, but we’ve destroyed the majority of X-wings and Y-wings. Between our assaults and the Finalizer’s laser cannons, Mon Cal Cruisers have taken significant damage.” That was good news. Their mission to destroy the Rebel base has been a horrible miscalculation, but at least they were winning this battle. If they could deal a significant blow to the rebellion, then they could still count this mission a success. “Sir!” his second in command shouted. “Multiple parties are now attempting to board the ship. Our forces have neutralized most of them, but at least one group has made it past our defenses!” “What? What’s their current location?” “Sir, it’s impossible to say … shipboard communications remain damaged…” He was about to check in with Ren when he heard blaster fire outside of the bridge doors. "No!" he thought, in horror. They can’t be here that quickly!" There was a large explosion, and all of the lights went out—the bridge was bathed in blood red emergency lighting as a heavily armed team of rebel insurgents flooded the bridge.