Kylo doesn’t remember how it happened. His skin itched and he felt suffocated in the box. The smell of the wood filled his nose. He’s angry but he can’t feel his fingers. No, he can. He can feel the numbing cold as it twitches. It was the same feeling with the rest of his body but his head was warm and if he could he would love to bury himself deeper into the soft velvety fabric that lined the box. There’s a soft click. A small hum. The creak of hinges moving and fresh air. Light never entered his vision. It’s still dark, he still can’t see. His eyes dart around in the darkness but nothing comes. Even now the pain has subsided. It’s numbed and only buzzes to remind Kylo that it’s there. Familiar hands touch his cheek. They’re cold and dry and he can feel the emotions of adoration from both the owner and the hands. The fingers run delicately over his face, from his eyelashes to his lips and through his hair. It traced the scar that had now healed and left a mark that Kylo wanted to flinch away from. Hux was very fond of the face below him. His eyes were closed but he was awake. Kylo’s always awake. Even now as Hux quickly traced parts of Kylo’s face. From the freckles, to his ears, and down where the skin stopped. It had been a little time ago when Hux was given the gift. Kylo was the gift. He who came back wounded from Starkiller and was sent back to Snoke for an amount of time. He was in immense pain when Hux had come to pick him up almost half dead. Kylo’s blood stained the white snow beneath him and his hand extended out for Hux to touch. If Hux came any later he’d surely be buried in a large bump of white and red. If the planet wasn’t crumbling around them Hux would have loved to stay there. To watch Kylo’s frozen pale skin blend in with the pure snow and his wounds pulsing and gushing with blood. He was a beautiful sight then and a beautiful sight now. And Kylo would agree. He had agreed then. The pain on his side and face was pure bliss. Tender and fresh. The flesh was burnt at first, a thin layer that held together but was quickly torn as Kylo constantly moved and struggled. It now bleed out on him and he looked up at the man before him. He matched Hux, in a sense. He also had red on him, his hair flaming hues of red and orange. The wind blew it out of place and he hugged his coat closer to himself when a gush of wind attacked. Even though the man flinched his eyes didn’t lose the look of excitement. Even here, as Kylo can feel how weak he is, he can sense that the General was very pleased at the sight. And if Kylo was able to look down at his numbed frozen body he’d also agree that he loved how he looked. He couldn’t feel it but Hux could. He could see that humiliation and pain wasn’t the only thing that the scavenger had effected on Kylo. A beautiful sight indeed. Hux lifted the head up. He was delicate and placed the head back down on the table. Hux then stripped out of his outerwear. Kylo could hear the soft click and rustle of fabric. He heard the belt buckle hit the floor and soon other clothing followed. He didn’t need to see to know that Hux was undressing. It was the same routine that Hux followed most days. “We destroyed another Resistance Base.” Hux began talking. Kylo would hummed in approval if he was still attached to his voice box. “It didn’t end quick and we lost quite a few men. Not my best battle but who could blame me when they decided to commit suicide and take down as much people as they can. That’s unpredictable.” Hux opened a cupboard and pulled out a glass. He rummaged through the small cooler until he found a bottle and popped it open. “It would have been better if you were there.” Hux poured himself a cup and pulled over a chair. “You could have predicted it with your force magic-” Not magic. “...And you could have stopped them from causing such great casualties.” Kylo felt a hand run through his hair and grip it tightly before being pulled up harshly. He winced. “But you’re not.” There was a loud slam of glass against table. “How long will you keep playing around, Kylo?” Hux growled. Kylo can already smell the alcohol in Hux’s breath. Today’s drink was wine. Hux studied Kylo’s face. His hair was slightly oily from the lack of care. It was longer though, much longer than it was when Hux sent him away to Snoke. Skin pale, cold, bloodless. His lips were also colorless and dry and eyes were closed shut to the world. But that didn’t matter to Hux. He still admired the long eyelashes. I’m not ready yet, General. Hux’s frowned deepened. Fingers stopped playing through his hair. Kylo could feel the disgust just radiating from Hux. Hux spoke with disdain. The bitter words would sting but Kylo’s heard it many times before. He didn’t blame Hux at all. “It’s been two years since you’ve arrived on this ship. Two years I’ve worked harder than I have before to make sure the Order survived. Your discarded body now walks under Snoke’s command. That oafish clumsy thing you use to control is now perfectly weaving damage through my troops. Your head has cost me more than it was worth.” Hux spat. And then Hux’s anger disappeared. Exhaustion and melancholy followed. Slowly Hux raised Kylo’s head and looked at it at an eye level. Kylo can feel Hux’s warm breath against his skin. Hux saw Kylo’s lips twitch and his gaze softened. “You’re taking too long to heal. While your body walks through my defenses I have nothing but a head. What use are you if you can’t defend me and be the hound you’re meant to be? My knight? Kylo.” Hux mumbled those words into Kylo’s skin. Cold and with no life. Hux tasted nothing but death when his lips peckered down Kylos head. He kept whispering words, begging for Kylo. Warm lips, chapped and soft, washed over his face. From his forehead to his eyes and down his nose. They ghost over his lips and down his jawline. They went further down but stopped where his neck ended. Hux didn’t come close to the edge of uneven ripped meat. Where an adam’s apple should be there was nothing. Snoke had made sure Hux got as little as possible of Kylo. “How much longer do I have to wait?” Hux whispered. He pulled Kylo’s head close. Hux’s face was buried in his hair. Legs pulled up to form a ball that cradled Kylo’s head. If anyone had walked in on them they’d notice their General on a chair, naked and curled up in a ball. They could maybe see the locks of black hair peek from behind Hux’s legs. They’d probably wonder what Hux was holding and protecting but if they were wise they wouldn’t stay. If smart they’d never say a word to anyone. Hux didn’t know how long he stayed like that. His body cramped up but he continued holding the head that belonged to his lover. A head he got as a parting gift from a man who wanted nothing more than Hux to die. And Hux has cherished the gift. Waiting for the words whispered to him to follow up on their promises. Soon. Soon. And Hux stirred awake. The head was still in his arms, dormant as ever. It lingered heat from his body. There was something else in the room now. Hux could smell it. The faint scent of iron and familiar odor. His foggy mind thought of torn clothing and skin that he used to trace under his fingertips. The heat that’d engulf him and hold him and the musty smell of sweat and activity they had just finished would surround Hux. He couldn’t stop leaning towards the savor. Hux gripped the head closer to him and noticed the heat pooling down to his stomach. As the smell got stronger Hux felt his hips bucking. The arousal was getting too much for him. The memories of hands that use to bruise his hips seemed to rush back to him. But none of it was here. And as Hux’s hard on became too unbearable to realized the head he was practically crushing in his arms. Kylo’s lip twitched and Hux was able to trace his finger over them. They were plush and perfect. He couldn’t help but remember how those lips use to wrap around his cock. Stretched and swollen just for Hux. “Since you’ve been a waste of my time, Kylo, I have an idea that you could repay. Why didn’t I think of it years ago?” Hux’s hand reached down and slowly started to stroke his cock. His fingers running over a sensitive spot and then touching the very tip. He teased himself there for a minute. “Even now you’d be such a pretty sight.” Hux breathed. He stopped to lower the head and position the lips right at the tip. He pressed his thumb to pull Kylo’s jaw open and slowly Hux slid himself in. It was unexpected. Hux gave a soft groan when he felt a scrape of teeth and a tongue, weirdly salivated, pressed against the tip. He gripped Kylo’s hair. It bundled and wrapped around Hux’s tight grip. The other hand held the head steady. His hips withdrew and snapped into the mouth. Hux’s own mouth stood slightly open as he continued to repeat the movement. Pleasure overwhelmed him and it rendered him almost speechless. The lack of reaction was both satisfying and disappointing. “Fuck, Kylo...even now you’re better than anything.” Hux breathed. He quickened his pace and felt the back of Kylo’s throat and the feeling of cold air. Hux shuddered at the thought. He pushed the head to swallow all of him and Hux’s hand slowly came to touch the bottom of his head. Where the flesh is torn and neck just ends. There was no blood to make his fingers messy and the meat was willing to direct Hux to the proper place. With Hux’s cock all the way inside Kylo he could probe inside and Hux flinched when his finger touched the tip of his dick. He grazed over it before he began moving again. It was a weird sensation. The mouth was still warm and wet but Kylo’s muscles never moved. Hux moved a little too violently in hopes of it maybe reacting. But Kylo didn’t move. He had no reflex, he made sure not to have any reflex. And he let Hux continue with small moans and gasps. And Hux loved every minute of it. The way Hux could move Kylo’s head around with ease and how his finger could feel the tip of the sensitive skin when Hux thrusted in. Kylo’s mouth opening with ease and eagerness just for Hux’s cock. Hux moved his hand to cup Kylo’s face again. His thumb running over his eyes. “My favorite part was seeing your eyes look up at me. It’s not that great when they’re closed.” He mumbled. With a final thrust Hux bent over slight. His legs trembled and he quickly sat back down on the chair. He took a minute to breathe and set the head back down on the table. Hux quickly cleaned himself up and whatever had leaked out of the head. Hux had ten minutes left before his shift started. He worked fast to put on his uniform and fix his hair. Kylo was tucked back inside the box. Its hinges creaked when Hux carefully lowered it. He didn’t want to break the box or startle Kylo when shutting it. A key on a chain clicked to lock it. It was back on Hux’s neck and tucked neatly under his uniform. Hux swiftly checked himself for anything out of place before leaving to arrive on the bridge. If Mitaka or Phasma noticed the light bounce to Hux’s step they didn’t say a word. Maybe a glance to each other but not another thought. And if that night when Hux holds Kylo’s head again he had noticed the slight color Kylo’s cheeks or the slow ooze of blood that stained the sheets, he never mentioned it. Notes: Find me on tumblr @ Space-Girlfriends Series this work belongs to: Part 1 of the Till My Death Do Us Part series