Day one: Cuts Kylo grunted as the blade sliced through his chest. It hurt but the General above him gave the most unholiest of moans as the blood dripped onto the bed. The knight smiled soft as he held onto Hux’s hips. The General was sitting on the hips of the shirtless knight who lied in his own bed. He held a small knife in one hand and slowly drew it across Ren’s chest. Kylo continued to rub his hips and sides as moans poured from his lover’s mouth. The blood streaked down the pale skin. Kylo found it quite ionic that the General who had never seen combat was in love with the life giving fluid. The knight blushed when Hux leaned down and licked the blood off, looking at Ren in the eyes as he did. Kylo never knew how fast blood could rush to a location. Chapter 2 Summary: Day two: extra body parts You never read about the new limbs but i think i left off at a good spot so you can feel the horror Notes: its longer then the first!! yay!!!! Day two: Extra body parts ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ Hux stiffened as the orders were given. He could feel the panic rising off of the leader of the Knights of Ren. “Maybe,” Snoke continued on, “The extra arms will keep you from letting scavengers get the upper hand.” Ren stiffen at the mention of his latest failure. The damn girl and that rogue soldier have caused him enough problems as it was. Not only that, but now Snoke took inspiration from what he referred to as the “greatest Jedi killer the galaxies had ever seen.” It was an old Sith named Grievous. He was said to have a passion for collecting the sabers of those he killed, and from what legend said, he had plenty to brag about. “General Hux, I leave the details for Kylo Ren’s advancements.” With that hologram cut out. The pair started out quietly, Ren turned down the hall a few meters down, heading to his training room. Hux followed quietly. Even though he and the tantrum queen weren’t anywhere close to friends, what the Supreme Leader had said to be done would make any one worried. He didn’t want to comfort the brat, simply make sure he wouldn’t go and kill off half his staff again. He stood in the doorway of the large training room, watching as the Knight took his saber and flicked it open, droids sent out as soon as the weapon opened completely. More quickly followed. Hux watched as the pile soon grew, the knight took off his helmet and tossed it to the side. The General flinched at the bright pink and very angry looking cut across his face was exposed to the world. The raven hair had been matted down from sweat as he worked on more droids. Hux wrote down to order new ones on his data pad, waiting for the tantrum to stop. With a heaving chest and sweat dripping down his face, the knight of Ren closed his weapon. Glaring at Hux. “What do you need General?” he spat out angrily. “Simply to make sure you weren’t going to take you tantrum out of any of my staff.” Ren growled with each word the general said. The body parts of the droids flew off with one strong flex of the force. The General typed a message to the cleaning crew, ignoring the show of power. “Careful Ren, we might have to recycle one of their arms since you keep making my life a financial hell with all the fits you throw.” Hux almost purred out. It was so easy to get under the knight’s skin. With that being said, the black robed man crushed all the parts around him. Trying his best not to show how scared he really was. Snoke wanted to equip him with a new pair of arms. Make him less useless. How and where the limbs were going to be attached was all up to his red headed “friend” General Hux, who as of now, looked closer to his smug cat then a human. “Do as you wish General. At the end of the day, with my new improvements I will quickly and happily take your place as Snoke’s favorite.” Kylo crossed his arms. Hux huffed. “we’ll see about that Ren.” He turned on his heels and left quickly. ~~~~~~~~ Ren didn’t know how to react. One moment he was training the next, troopers were taking him to the medbay. It was sudden, the General refused to tell the knight when he was getting his “improvement” the knight had put so perfectly. Ren was shaking but trying his best not to show it. Hux smiled as the knight walk in. “Good evening Ren.” The general barely looked up from his data pad as the knight was laid down on the operation table and stripped. Hux smiled as he saw the piss baby shaking a bit. “What is it Ren? Scared? I would hate to tell Supreme leader that we couldn’t do the operation because you freaked out.” Kylo growled and took a deep breath, calming himself and trying not to let the General get under his skin. He had to concentrate on something other than the droids who held the black metal arms. They asked Hux where they were going to be put, in horror Kylo watched as Hux poked the knight around the fourth or fifth rib with his pen. “About here will do. I’m sure you can make it work.” Chapter 3 : Sharper the knife, the duller the pain Summary: Hux sees action!! amd then he bleeds out Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Day three: Surgery ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ Hux fell flat on the ground. Groaning in the pain that poured and drenched his body from his leg. He had been shot. Great. First time seeing battle and I get fucking shot. He somehow managed to crawl his way behind some wood, keeping him safe for now. More people fell around him as he slowly lifted his hand off the outside of his thigh, managing to go paler then he already was when he saw how much blood there was. It hurt like hell. He scanned his surroundings as fast as he could. There has to be something… He spotted a dead soldier about twenty feet away, he had a medpack. Those things wound carry just enough to find a few simple wounds like this. He just needed to get to it… He waited for the first time the blasters stopped and rushed to the dead body. He snatched the pack and limped as fast as he could to a small building. He fell as another blaster shot ripped through his side. Refusing to give up, and mainly because his adrenaline was still pumping through his veins, he crawled into the door way. Panting as he leaned against the wall and looked at his new injury. It hurt worse; he could feel something had been ruptured. He searched through the pack he had snatched. It had simple things to patch wounds, gloves, ties to stop bleeding, a sharp knife. He felt queasy at the thought of it. He had given himself stitches loads of time; it’s just what happens when you are fucking someone as unstable as Kylo Ren but surgery?? Never. He tried to stay calm as he pulled up his shirt to reviled the deep hole in his side, he would worry about the one in his leg afterwards. He got the sutures ready and pressed the knife into his skin, biting down hard on his lip to keep quiet as he more or less gutted himself. In his panic he had sliced too far across, from his side all the way to his bellybutton, his internal organs spilled out. He could very well see the large hole through a few of them with shaking hands he picked up his guts and started to sew each of the holes up. His vision blurring a bit as he was soon soaked in his own blood. He cut the last stitch, and tried his best to put his insides back on the inside. He had a bit of trouble getting more of the sutures ready as he started sewing up the large slit across his stomach. It was wobbly and sure as hell going to heal as a nasty scar but he somehow made it through the whole thing, hell, even managed to wrap his leg up before he passed out completely. Blood was everywhere and the side of his face and his hair was soon drenched in it as he crumpled closer to the ground. The long black line of stitched still dripping blood. Notes: new chapter yaaaaay Notes: i know its only like 150 words long but i will get better i swear TwT give me story ideas on tumblr. i dont care if you follow me i just need excuses to write. @discordderpy