Please Note: This work was a gift drabble for WhiteRainbow They never talked about what happened. Instead Hux had to bear witness on how it had changed his Lieutenant. Eyes that once snapped brightly with enthusiasm were now hollow and haunted. His mouth which was once quick to break into a cheerful smile when Hux arrived on the bridge was now set into a permanent grim line. His brow was perpetually furrowed and his demeanor always tense. Mitaka continued to perform his duties with a quiet efficiency, a shell of what he used to be. Hux was careful to never let it show, but what had happened to his devoted Lieutenant ate at him. Each day the crushing weight of responsibility of what had happened to that gentle, dedicated soul quietly tore him apart. It was all my fault. I must fix it. And so, no longer able to bear the guilt, Hux sought Mitaka out, going to the Lieutenant’s private quarters with his heart in his throat and blood roaring in his ears. Will he forgive me? CAN he forgive me? The Lieutenant appeared in the doorway bleary eyed, rumpled and hair mussed. It was obvious he had been sleeping. Hux’s throat tightened. “Forgive my intrusion, Lieutenant. May I come in for a moment? There is something…I must say.” Mitaka nodded and stepped aside to allow Hux entry. Mitaka’s eyes were broken, filled with an aching sorrow as they met Hux’s. What happened to you to break you? If I ever find them I will tear them apart. “S…sir? Is something wrong?” What could he say? Hux swallowed nervously. The truth was there was nothing he could say . Any words would ring hollow. Flat and trite. Worthless. But there was another way. He could show the Lieutenant just how deep his regret was. Without another word Hux closed the gap between himself and the wilted Lieutenant grabbing him by the shoulders firmly yet gently. Mitaka’s eyes widened with surprise as he softly exclaimed, “Sir?” Hux again swallowed hard, pulling his Lieutenant into an embrace. Perhaps this will shock the trauma right out of him, Hux thought wryly, his General hugging him so. He felt Mitaka’s body sag, collapsing into Hux’s embrace with a soft sigh. Hux shut his eyes tight as he folded him close savoring Mitaka’s warmth and breathing in his scent. Mitaka was trembling ever so slightly. Hux pulled him tighter and pressing his lips to Mitaka’s ear he whispered, “I am so sorry and I swear I will make it right. Somehow.” Overcome with a swell of emotion, Hux gently kissed Mitaka’s cheek followed closely by yet another to his jaw. He continued to gently plant reverent kisses across Mitaka’s face, finally ending with one upon his lips. They were soft, willing and parted slightly as Mitaka sighed softly in surprise. Hux gently broke the kiss, raking his fingers through Mitaka’s hair before gently cradling his chin, tipping Mitaka’s face up to meet his eyes. “I swear to you I will never let anything happen to you.” Hux’s voice grew thick with emotion. “You are far too…important to me.” Series this work belongs to: Part 1 of the Trash Compactor series Next Work →