Opening Credits (cues O DEATH) SONY COMPUTER ENTERTAINMENT AMERICA PRESENTS IN ASSOCIATION WITH LUCASFILM LTD. A SUPERMASSIVE GAMES PRODUCTION UNTIL DAWN STARRING REYNA KENOBI HUGO DAMASK JESSIKA PAVA BENJAMIN SOLO TEMMIN WEXLEY FINN CALRISSIAN POE DAMERON BRENDOL HUX GWENDOLINE PHASMA JACEN SOLO and JAINA SOLO ALSO STARRING LUKE SKYWALKER LEIA ORGANA SOLO HAN SOLO ORIGINAL SCORE BY ROBERT GRAVES STORY BY LARRY FESSENDEN AND GRAHAM REZNICK ADDITIONAL CONTENT CREATED BY THEHOLYFORCEGHOST BASED ON CHARACTERS CREATED BY GEORGE LUCAS "O DEATH" PRODUCED AND ARRANGED BY JEFF GRACE AND PERFORMED BY AMY VAN ROEKEL ADAPTED FOR AO3 BY THEHOLYFORCEGHOST Chapter 2 : One Year Ago Summary: The oh-so important events that lead to our story... Notes: First off: I would like to say thank you for the massive support that this idea has gotten. Your comments really mean a lot to me. Secondly: The choices that you as readers will have influence over are the major Butterfly Effect decisions, so little stuff like dialogue decisions and stuff regarding Dr. Sno- ahem, Hill- are not included. The Analyst scenes will be in the story. Still haven't figured out how QTEs are going to work (or if they will even be in here). If anyone's got suggestions, hit me up. And finally, there are references to everything abound. Have fun finding them! Enjoy, TheHolyForceGhost (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) One Year Ago “If you love me let me go” Panic! At The Disco In the history of bad ideas, Rey thought, this one probably had to take the cake. This was supposed to be just a fun, relaxing weekend in Ben’s parents’ gajillion dollar lodge, just the ten of them, with hot cocoa and intense boning. This... this was not going to make the weekend enjoyable. For anyone. Jessika, Brendol, Gwen, Snap, Finn, and Rey were all gathered around in the kitchen, discussing a prank. The three Solos and Poe were nowhere in sight. Rey hoped that they hadn’t died from alcohol poisoning. If Ben drank this much around his parents, it was a miracle he hadn’t been thrown into AA yet. "Don't you guys think this is a little bit cruel?" she said. Hux flipped his auburn hair wistfully while Snap smirked. "Oh come on Rey" Snap replied. "He deserves it." "It's not his fault that he's got a huge crush on Jess" Rey shot back, a little too edgily, she thought. Snap sighed. "Jacen's been making moves on her." He jerked a thumb towards Hux. "I'm just looking out for my boy Brendol here" Hux frowned at his friend. "Don't... call me Brendol. You know I hate that" he replied "I know. That's why I'm doing it" Snap remarked. Hux lightly punched him in the arm, which earned a snort from Jess. The group made their way from the kitchen up the stairs of the huge Solo lodge towards the guest bedroom, where Jess' note had told Jacen to meet her. If anyone had looked out the kitchen window, they would've seen a sight that would've frozen their blood cold: A mysterious hooded figure, watching the lodge intensely with a piercing gaze. "Just because Jess is class president doesn't mean that she belongs to everyone... Jess is my gal" Hux said. Jess eyed him with a tinge of contempt. "Hey, Brendol, I'm nobody's gal" she replied. Jess was the only person who could call him Brendol and come away without any missing limbs. "Whatever you say darling!" Hux said. He, Snap, Jess, Gwen, and Finn all entered the guest room and shut the door in Rey's face. She sprinted down the hall, searching for Jacen. I gotta find him before things seriously get out of hand. Inside the guest room, the pranksters took their places. Gwen stuffed herself into a closet, phone in hand, ready to record all the realest shit that was about to go down. Hux and Snap rolled underneath the bed, both giggling incessantly as they did so. Finn hid behind a partition while Jess stood in front of the bed. A few seconds later, the door opened, as Jacen Solo stepped into the room. He held a candle in one slightly shaking hand. “Jess? It’s me, Jacen” he said. Underneath the bed, Snap clapped a hand over Hux’s mouth to stifle the start of one of Hux’s patented giggle fits. “Hey Jacen” Jess replied huskily. She rubbed her hands together with glee. This was going to be good. Jaina Solo, 18, stepped out of the bathroom and into the dim light of the bar. Her brother and his buddy Poe, were both face down snoring on the bar. How many shots did they do while I was peeing? And where the hell did Jacen slink off to? She walked over to her unconscious brother and gently slid an bulky brown bottle out of his hand. The remaining contents sloshed gently She turned it over to read the label. Dad’s Corellian whiskey? When did they crack this out? I wasn’t in the bathroom THAT long... “Jesus Ben. Once again, you’ve outdone us all” she said aloud to no one in particular. Except for maybe Poe she thought, glancing over at him, shot glass still in hand. Something next to Poe’s traditional brown jacket caught her eye. Jaina picked it up. It was a letter, written by Jessika for her other brother: Jacen, You look so damn hot with that shirt… but I bet you’re even hotter out of it. Come to the guest room at 2:00 AM ;-) Jess, XXX She groaned. Oh my God, what did he get himself into? “I got your letter” Jacen said. Jess grinned. Hux was silently dying underneath the bed. This was too perfect! The amount of likes and LOLs on Facebook Gwen’s video was going to get… He almost broke out into another round of giggles, but Snap elbowed him in the back. “Glad you could make it” she replied. “You, uh, want to start out with a little, you know, making out, and see where it goes from there?” she asked. “Sure” Jacen replied. He hooked his arms around his Caedus’ Calgary Calzones T-shirt and took it out, exposing his muscular chest. Jess knew that he had been to the gym every now and then, and he still looked good. If she wasn’t dating Brendol and their friends weren’t hiding in the same room, she would probably let him take her to the mythical realm known as “The Bone Zone”. “Ohhhhhhh hell yeah” Jess moaned. Jacen reached for his pants. And that’s when everything fell to pieces. Snap had uncovered Hux’s mouth to wipe off all the moisture, leaving Hux to loudly whisper “Oh my God! He’s taking his pants off!” “Wait… what?” Jacen said. The pranksters all revealed themselves, with Gwen still holding her phone. “Oh my God” Jacen said, softer, with a hurt edge in his voice. He looked over at Gwen. “What are you doing here?!!” he cried. “Jacen, this, just, got, out of hand” Jess said. This was at this moment that Rey burst through the door. “Jacen, Jacen, buddy, it’s just a-” “Jess!” Jacen screamed, and ran out the door. “-stupid prank” Rey finished. She glared at her friends. “You guys are dicks, know that?” She exited the room, once again in pursuit of Jacen. Jaina was still reading the letter when she caught movement out of the corner of her eye. She looked out the window to see… Jacen? Shirtless? In this fucking weather? Why in the… She placed a hand on Ben and furiously shook him. "Ben! Ben!" He responded with a loud snore. Fuck the Corellians and their strong ass whiskey. She sprinted out the door and into the lodge’s living room. What the hell? The friends all stormed outside. Rey cupped her hands around her mouth and called out “JACEN!” Jaina pushed her way past all of them and turned around to face her friends. “What’s going on? Where’s my brother going?” she demanded. “Ugh, it’s fine. He just can’t take a joke” Snap said with an air of disgust. “It was just a prank, bro!” Hux called out into the imposing forest. The snow began to fall heavier. “What did you do?” Jaina asked “Nothing serious. We were, just, messing around, it was nothing too serious-” Jess said, but was cut off by Jaina. “You PRICKS!” she yelled, and dashed off after her brother. A light fog began to blow in. “So, should we go after them?” Jess asked. Sam shot a disapproving look her way. “I think you’re the last person he wants to see right now, Jess” she said. All the friends could do was stare off into the forest at the sight of Jaina disappearing among the trees. Jaina was off like a shot into the dark forest. She searched for any sign of where Jacen could’ve gone. There were some footprints on the ground. Judging by the shape and designs, Jaina guessed they were her brother’s. Thank God Boba taught me the basics of hunting, or I would be utterly fucked right now. She took off in the direction of the tracks. A loud inhuman screech pierced the night, stopping Jaina dead. “Jacen?” she called out. No answer. Shit. She took off deeper into the forest. Just when it seemed like he was never going to find her brother, she heard a wail of despair. “JACEN!” she yelled, and headed off in the direction of the wail. She broke through the trees to find herself in a snowy clearing. Jacen had collapsed on the ground, half naked, sobbing. “Jacen!” Jaina said once again. He snapped out of his reverie and looked up at his sister with huge watery eyes. “Pull yourself together, bro. It’s freezing, and you’re out here trying to act like the next Taylor Lautner.” She quickly pulled her jacket off and handed it to him. “Put this on.” He obeyed dillengently and got up on his feet. “We gotta get back” she said. Right as she spoke those words, something rustled in the trees next to them. “Jaina?” Jacen moaned. Jaina stopped. “Run” she whispered. “What?” “RUN!” she screamed. Another inhuman screech joined in with hers. The siblings booked it over dead trees and boulders until they reached a dead end. “Oh fuck!” Jaina yelled as she slid to a stop on a cliff edge. Jacen lightly knocked into her, throwing her balance off. An onimous green glow illuminated the forest in front of them. “Jesus Christ!” Jacen screamed. There was a snap underneath their feet, and the edge of the cliff gave way. Jaina clutched onto a branch hanging off the side of the cliff in one hand, and her brother in the other. From overhead, Jaina could see that there was a cloaked man standing over them. She also felt Jacen slipping from her grasp. The mysterious man extended a hand towards them. Jaina doubted that he could take them both. “Hold on!” she called out to her brother. She could take the man’s hand, but at the cost of Jacen’s life, or she could refuse the invitation altogether and fall, or she could do nothing and wait for results. And after several seconds of thought, she figured out what to do. Notes: Your first major decision! Oh, how exciting! Good job, by the way, on hanging for your life on the peak of a cliff. If this is the way your game will be played, you're gonna have a rough time. The way I see it, you have three choices: 1:Drop Jacen 2:Let Go 3:Do Nothing What you say, players-erm-readers? 1, 2, or 3? Vote now on your phones! Chapter 3 : One Year Ago, Concluded Notes: And the votes are in! In a 3-1 contest, Choice 3: Do Nothing is the winner! God help you all. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Jaina gripped the tree branch even tighter, feeling Jacen's hand slipping, praying for some divine act of God, or a bald eagle to swoop down and save them, or some other stupid thing that could possibly get this out of- SNAP The branch gave way with a dry crack. Jaina watched with some sense of disembodiment as the cliff top began to spiral further and further out of her reach, the man's hand still outstretched, the wind roaring all around her, tearing at her body. Then something slammed into her back. There was a sharp sense of pain, then pure darkness. The siblings continued to fall. They entered a wide cavern in the ground, rolling down a steep hill until they came to a stop, limbs limply flailing. Blood was spattered on Jacen's face, while Jaina's back was twisted at a grotesque angle from smashing into a rock. Both pairs of were eyes wide open, unseeing, staring eternally into the dark abyss. They were dead. Above, the snow began to fall heavily once more. Notes: Congrats. You readers, as a community, just murdered two helpless people. How does that make you, huh? Will you be able to get some sleep tonight, knowing that you have innocent blood on your hands, just like the blood on dead Jacen's face? Will you? (Although here's a little reassurance: No matter what you picked, they would've died. Their deaths are the exposition, the whole reason the actual story takes place.) I also realize that the opening credits are supposed to go here. Fuck it. This is my story. WE'RE DOING IT LIVE!!! Chapter 4 : First Interlude: The Analyst Summary: My first meeting with a shrink. I am sitting in a plush velvet chair in a comfortable doctor's office, waiting for the 60-something man in front of me to speak to me about... life. Light gleams through a set of open windows in the far right corner of the room. Miscellaneous knick-knacks and papers are scattered on the doctor's desk. The one item that intrigues me the most is the man's nameplate. It is etched in gold, mostly likely created by some high powered laser reads: DR. H. S. DAMASK . He looks at me, and in turn I look back at him. It is very hard for me to look at him. The echo of a gash runs down across one side of his face, cutting through the bridge of his nose and ending at his lip. His short blond hair ruffles slightly as the wind breezes through the windows. He notices my discomfort with his face. "I'm very sorry, I know my appearance can be very off-putting. If you would like another doctor-" I dismiss the very notion of it with the wave of my hand. "No, no, it's fine" I reply. He smiles slightly. "Before we begin, there are a few things I need to make sure you understand." He folds his hands over each other. "You see, no one can change what happened last year. The past is beyond our control. You have to accept this in order to move forward. But there is freedom in this revelation. Everything you do, every decision you make from now on, will open doors to the future. I want you to remember this. I want you to remember this as you play your game. Every single choice will affect your fate, and the fate of those around you.” He leans back in his chair slightly. “ So, you have committed to commence with this 'game'. This is significant. And I want to help you see it through. Sometimes... Sometimes these things can be a little scary... even terrifying... but I am here to make sure that no matter how upsetting things may get, you will always find a way to work through it." He reaches into his folder and presents a piece of paper face down. He slides it towards me and continues talking. "Alright. We will start with a simple exercise. Could you please pick up the card? And I want you to look at the picture on the other side, and tell me what you feel about it. It is essential that you answer honestly in order to get the most out of this experience." I pick up the piece of paper and flip it over. It is a picture of a farm. In the foreground stands a scarecrow, a silent sentinel made of cloth and straw, guarding over the picturesque farmhouse, painted bright red like a fire engine. The sun hangs high in the sky. The crops are plentiful and green and healthy. Yet... that scarecrow. I set the picture back on the desk. He takes out a clipboard and pen and lays them on his lap. "So, how did that picture make you feel. Remember: honesty is important." "I felt... uneasy" I reply. He clicks his pen and jots down a few things. "Okay. What made you... uneasy?" "I think it was the scarecrow. It's just standing there, faceless, and looming over the field.” There is a silence as he scratches more notes on his clipboard. “I see… I see… Let’s say the scarecrow was not there. Would you mind spending time in that cottage? Say, a week or so?” I nod yes. He purses his lips, then writes something down “And what if I told you that the cottage is... haunted. Would that bother you at all?” I think about it for a moment, then nod no. He sets his notes down. “I see. So the scarecrow frightens you… and yet you don’t seem to be bothered by the possibility of the supernatural.” He levels a piercing gaze at me. “I suspect someone is not being entirely honest with me.” A clock on the wall chimes in. He looks at his watch. “It appears our time together is over. Let’s investigate that in our next session, shall we?” He stands up from his desk and walks back over to the window. He gazes outside, unwavering, as I silently exit the room. Chapter 5 : Memento Mori Summary: One year has passed. Ben has invited the gang back up to the mountain for another weekend of partying, in memorial for his missing siblings. Of course, it is a horror story, so none of this shit is going to go well... Notes: Now that we've reached the main story, I will be posting and updating a Butterfly Effect chart somewhere on my works so you readers can reflect on the bad choices you've made. (You'll be fine: I'm sure you'll do fine, right?...) (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) All my friends are heathens, take it slow Twenty One Pilots 1: Memento Mori TEN HOURS UNTIL DAWN She was the last stop for the bus. Sitting alone, headphones blasting some indie pop song, gazing out the window, Rey thought there had to be some sort of symbolism behind all this. Then again, it wasn't like many people went to Blackwood Pines, for starters. The bus slowed to a crawl, then completely stopped. She got out of her seat, thanked the driver, and stepped off the bus. REY: JACEN'S BEST FRIEND: ADVENTUROUS, CONSIDERATE, CURIOUS It rolled away once more into a fine mist, out of sight. There, overhead in front of her, hanging limply, was a wooden sign that read BLACKWOOD PINES in badly painted black letters. All the memories, the emotions of last year came flooding back in an instant. The police search, the nights of insomnia by the phone, praying that it would be Ben, with some shred of news about them, just something, dead or alive, just something. Their faces splashed on every street corner, every newscast, every single goddamn radio deejay repeating one right after the other “If you have any information regarding the whereabouts, call this toll-free number…” The guilt eating away at her heart, her very goddamn soul, tearing her to pieces, knowing that it was her fault, her own fucking fault that they were gone, young lives cut down, two short candles in the motherfucking wind… And Ben, goddamn it, Ben and his parents, the devastation and pain they must’ve felt, must still feel. The way death can blow up and rip apart a family, right? And don’t forget, you did this, you let this happen, it’s your- She almost collapsed. Rey breathed in, out, in, out. Stop it the rational part of her mind interjected. . This isn’t was they would’ve wanted. It’s not your fault, remember? You tried to stop this thing from blowing up. Ben even said so. She tentatively began to walk forwards towards the cable car station. REY Path to Cable Car Station 21:02 Off in the distance stood a large iron gate. As she approached it, she noticed a piece of paper loosely attached to it. She pulled the paper off of the gate and read the blocky scrawl: Gate’s busted! Climb over! -Poe She sighed and headed towards a low hanging part of the wall attached to the gate. She found her footing and began to climb over. At the top, she hopped down, feeling the snow crunch beneath her weight. As she continued down the path, something scuttled out of the underbrush in front of her. It stopped in the middle of the path and looked at Rey with big dopey brown eyes. A squirrel! “Hey there, little guy” she gently called out, kneeling in the snow. She reached into her pocket and produced a few nuts she, ever so the vegan, had planned on eating later. The squirrel approached her cautiously, as though it were a gun that Rey held, and not its favorite snack. The squirrel reached into Rey’s hand with its tiny paws and selected the biggest nut. In a flash, it scurried back into the underbrush. She smiled. “Cutie” she said aloud. Rey started walking down towards the path. The cable car station loomed in view, a peculiar boxy thing that lacked the rustic charm of the main Solo cabin. Hanging on the front of the station was a map of the surrounding area. Next to the map were two plain wooden benches. Rey noticed that a backpack was slung on top of one of. The map had been defaced: some aspiring artist had scribbled THE PAST IS BEYOND OUR CONTROL in what looked like bright red paint. At the bottom of the message were the initials S.P. She walked over to the bench. The backpack looked like Poe’s, with its circular design and orange patterns. “Poe? You here, dude?” Rey called out. The wind was her only response. “You’re not in the bag, are you?” she muttered to herself. She saw what looked like his phone jutting out of one side pocket. It buzzed and lit up: a new message from somebody. She looked at the phone. He wasn’t here, so a quick peek couldn’t hurt. But that was wrong, right? Rey stood there, contemplating what to do. Notes: Any of Your Business: 1: Search Poe's phone 2: Ignore the phone (On a completely unrelated note: Has anyone reading this seen Suicide Squad? What did you think of it? None of my friends have seen it, and I really want to find someone to discuss it with. Personally, I thought it was good, but I say that about every movie I watch, except for Michael Bay films. Michael Bay sucks.) Chapter 6 : Memento Mori, Continued (I) Summary: Poe Dameron enters the story. Oh boy!!! Notes: First off, I just want to say how sorry I am for not updating more frequently. Between work, school, and life, I really haven't had much time to write and update (I say as I delete the shitty Overwatch fanfics off my dashboard.) Anyways, I'm really hoping to get back into the swing of things, so let's say we do so, shall we? (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) It wouldn’t be right to poke around in Poe’s things. She sure as hell wouldn’t want anyone touching her things. And wasn’t that Life’s Golden Rule? Treat others as you want to be treated? She turned her back to the buzzing phone in some attempt to ignore it when she spied a figure cloaked in darkness walking towards her. The darkness melted away under an overhead light to reveal the stunning, smiling face of Poe Dameron. POE: HAS A CRUSH ON FINN: CHARMING, PROTECTIVE, HUMOROUS “My bae Rey!” he cried out. The two of them locked hands and chest bumped each other. “You made it back!” “You too, Poe. Where the heck were you?” He bust out one of his patented Prettyboy Smirks. God, no wonder poor, virgin Finn was falling hard. Rey could barely resist that face ( and personality, don’t forget. ) If Mr. Dameron and herself were in one of those tasteless romance novels sold on drugstore racks, the two of them would probably be making “snow angels” on the ground, right here, right now. But Poe’s sexuality was as crooked as a Wall Street banker, and Rey… well, didn’t exactly find men all that attractive. Sort of. It was complicated. “I found something pretty dope. You wanna see?” he said. She nodded as he slung the bag over his shoulder. “It’s just over here” Poe said as he walked around the cable car station. Rey followed suit. About halfway around, something hanging on the side of the cable car station caught her eye. She paused to look at it. The “it” turned out to be a wanted poster from God knows when: WANTED: SHELBY PING DOB: 4/13/79 SEX: M WHEREABOUTS UNKNOWN CONSIDERED EXTREMELY DANGEROUS Poe had walked back to see what in the world Rey could be possibly looking. “What kind of monster names their child Shelby?” Poe wondered. Rey sighed. “That’s really not nice” “Yeah, I guess, but’s it’s kinda like that one Johnny Cash song. You know, with the boy named Sue?” “Whatever. You still have something to show me?” “Right back here” he replied, taking off like a shot. He managed to get several feet before losing his balance and planting himself face first in the white powder. She chuckled and helped him to his feet, brushing off whatever snow that would come loose. “Y’know, I heard they’re having tryouts for Frosty the Snowman next week” Rey deadpanned. Poe laughed. “For someone’s whose a little uptight about everything, that was actually pretty good” he replied. “I am not uptight about everything ” she retorted. “Right. We’re almost there” he said. They moved out behind the building into a large opening. Somebody had built a small wooden shooting range. Several barrels and bottles were scattered around in fragments. Hung on overhead tree branches were burlap sacks filled with sand that swayed in the wind. Poe picked up a rifle resting against a wooden post. “Ta-dah! Pretty neat, right?” he said as Rey eyed the range. “Why?” “Why what?” “Why would there be a shooting range at the bottom of the ski lodge. Next to a cable car station too, for Christ’s sakes?” she asked. Poe scoffed. “Have you met Ben’s dad? He’s like Errol Flynn, but with a little less cutlass and a little more six shooter. He loves this kind of thing.” “Okay then, what do you have?” Poe raised the rifle, aimed down the sights and fired at a bottle. It flew off of the barrel in several pieces. He swapped targets and shot one of the sandbags, then another bottle. From the underbrush on the side of the range crept a lone squirrel. It skittered up the side of a barrel and stopped on the top. Poe leveled the rifle at him, but stopped before he pulled the trigger. Notes: Rats With Bushy Tails: 1: Shoot the squirrel 2: Shoot the sandbag again 3: Do nothing