Mace Windu's first trip back to his homeworld of Haruun Kal happened when he was twenty-five, a year after he'd been elevated to Jedi Knight. Most Jedi never returned to the place they were born, and indeed, it was discouraged by the Council, but there were some who were known to make the occasional trips "home" - Master Dooku among them, seeing family on Serenno. It was in fact in a rare, brief discussion with Dooku out in the Temple Gardens, that Mace got the idea to see where it was he came from. Mace wasn't entirely sure what he expected to find on Haruun Kal, but it was still different than what he expected. It felt familiar and completely alien at the same time. He initially had no intention of trying to seek his biological family out - Jedi were removed from their parents, this was how it was - and yet, Dooku had seen his biological family, and the curiosity grew after he'd been on the planet for a few days. He was both disappointed and relieved to discover that both his parents were dead, but he had a surviving aunt, named Janelle Windu, his father's sister. When he arrived at his aunt's home, he was greeted by a nurse, or "living assistant", as the woman preferred to be called. His aunt was still sharp as knives, but she had been hit by blaster fire and was paralyzed from the waist down, and refused cybernetic augumentation. "I'm not going to be a goddamn robot," she snarled. Janelle Windu insisted her nephew stay at the house during the remainder of his two weeks' vacation. She told him stories of his father, cooked food that she and his father enjoyed, and that Mace also found himself enjoying. Mace also got to know the living assistant, a coffee-skinned woman with a proud, haughty disposition named Careen Lorath. Careen was the right match for Janelle's fiery temperament and stubbornness, and Mace was impressed by her. Mace wasn't a virgin, and he'd had a girlfriend when he was at the Academy, as so many younglings do. Relationships and sex were forbidden under the Jedi Code to Jedi Knights, but until one was made a Jedi Knight, the Order had a habit of looking the other way, since hormonal teenagers would be hormonal teenagers. Even once a Jedi Knight was made, some continued to have clandestine affairs - some were better at keeping things clandestine than others. Mace had not had anyone since he had taken his Jedi vows, and he was finding his ability to uphold the Code fading quickly in Careen's intense chocolate eyes. Every few years, Mace would return to Haruun Kal, both to see his aunt, and to see Careen. When Janelle knew she was dying, she sent for Mace, and the three of them agreed that Janelle could leave everything to Careen to repay her for her years of service, since Janelle had no children and Mace had no need for Janelle's property or possessions. Mace continued to visit Careen after Janelle had gone home to the Force that made her; Careen returned to work as a nurse at a hospital, and kept such busy hours that she didn't have time for a full-time relationship, and thus her long-distance relationship with Mace was convenient. They were careful, and then, after some years together, they weren't, on a night when they'd had a few too many. Mace received a holocall from Careen, telling him the news. It would have made him happier if the Clone Wars hadn't been happening; instead, Mace feared for the Galaxy his son would inherit. Mace Windu died at the lightsaber of Sheev Palpatine before he ever saw Careen again, and never got to see his son. With the rise of the Galactic Empire, Careen felt it was better to never tell Kerrick Lorath who his father was. It was clear that Kerrick was Force-sensitive, like his father, and Careen encouraged him to hide it, since the Empire had a habit of killing Force-sensitive children. Kerrick grew up to be a nurse like his mother - he used his Force talents in a subtle way, to help heal the sick and injured. He married young, to his childhood sweetheart, Dreela Anathru. They had one child, a boy named Phineas, who was taken from them as soon as he began toddling - the First Order needed stormtroopers, and they recruited young. Phineas never remembered his parents, and would never know the story of his grandfather, whose Force gifts ran in his blood. But as his grandfather Mace Windu had served the Light Side of the Force, so it would call to him, one fateful day when he decided to turn his back on the First Order, even though he knew he would be hunted as a traitor the rest of his life. He would never know who his grandfather was, or what he had done, but his grandfather's legacy still lived in his heart.