It was the dead of night, which meant the halls of the castle were practically empty and so quiet she could hear her blood rushing in her ears. Rey was thankful for both of these things, because she didn’t really want to explain why she was on her way to the Prince’s quarters at such an obscene hour and also, it gave her time to think. She needed to know exactly what she wanted to say to him before she went in there so she could be as to the point as possible. So when he looked at her with those soft, kind eyes and confused pout, she wouldn’t get distracted and forget what she came there for. With one last peek around her, she typed the passcode into the holo pad of his door. It whizzed open and she was greeted with a blanket of darkness with and tendrils of light from the moon slipping through a few cracks in the curtains, the light from the hall illuminating a path to his bed. ‘Rey?’ Finn’s sleep filled voice called out. She pressed a button beside the door, allowing it to slide shut. Rey bit her lip and after a moment she responded in the most professional voice she could muster. ‘Your Highness, I know it’s rather late and for that I apologize, however I was hoping we could speak for a moment. I promise to make it brief.’ She watched the outline of his body shift in his bed as he sat up. He reached over to the night stand and turned on a small light, allowing a portion of the room to become visible. Rey almost wished he hadn’t done that, because now she could see him and that made it hard for her not to notice his lack of shirt or the strikingly erotic way the blankets pooled around his hips. Rey often wondered how this man managed to make even the act of sitting look so enticing, but she supposed she should expect as much from someone so mesmerizing and easily adored by anyone who spends more than a few seconds with him. ‘What’s wrong?’ He asked. With her hands clasped behind her back she slowly made her way towards him until she stood at his bedside. Finn frowned. ‘Aren’t you going to sit down?’ ‘No, I think it would be best if I stood,’ She swallowed. ‘Your Highness—,’ ‘Why do you keep calling me that? We’re in private.’ ‘Because, you are a Prince and I am your guard—,’ ‘ And ?’ ‘That’s the nature of our relationship. Nothing more, nothing less.’ Rey said. Finn blinked. Rey sighed, ‘I believe that you and I may have blurred the lines of our professional working relationship over the past few months and I think we need to set things straight.’ Realization washed over Finn’s features and then he smirked at her—he kriffing smirked at her. And while it should have annoyed her it only made a fluttering feeling course through her stomach. ‘Your Highness, I’m serious. The touching, the looks, the comments—we have to stop.’ He frowned again and allowed his gaze to drop to where his fingers were fidgeting with a loose thread on his blanket. ‘You just want to act like…like we don’t feel something for each other?’ ‘Not only is it completely inappropriate but it goes against a very important tradition in your family,’ Rey bit her lip. After a moment, she shook her head and replied. ‘I was hired to protect you. That’s all. So let me do my job.’ He looked at her, eyes narrowed. ‘You weren’t able to do it before?’ He accused. ‘I—,’ ‘I’m sorry. I wasn’t aware that you and I secretly holding hands sometimes or kissing your cheek at night was throwing badass Jedi, Rey Skywalker off her game.’ Finn grumbled. ‘Well it is!’ She argued defensively. Breaking her composure, she settled on the edge of the bed with her back towards him, staring off into one of the dark corners of the room. ‘I wouldn’t expect you to understand how you make me feel sometimes, because I don’t even understand it.’ There was a shift in weight on the bed, and the next moment, Finn was sitting beside her. ‘Rey, I feel the same way—,’ ‘I’ve been trained to suppress encumbering emotions. I’m supposed to think logically and focus on the overall goal—ensuring your safety. But recently, I’ve never felt more emotionally compromised,’ She looked at him and reached her hand up to cup his face, her thumb running along his bottom lip. ‘Look at you,’ She marvelled. ‘You know sometimes I’ll walk into the room and forget why I even came in there just because you smiled at me? Or I heard you laugh?’ He grinned. ‘That’s not very Jedi-like,’ A smile tugged at the corners of her mouth. ‘No it isn’t, is it?’ ‘My fault, I guess.’ He shrugged. ‘You don’t sound sorry at all,’ ‘I’m really not,’ He mumbled. ‘Not even a little.’ She didn’t know who was more surprised when she leaned in and kissed him, regardless it took absolutely no time for Finn to respond enthusiastically, sliding his hands around her waist and pulling her against his bare chest. She allowed him to deepen it, granting his tongue permission into her mouth. Her hands found their way to the base of his skull, holding him there as they practically devoured each other. Rey was willing to admit that there was a generous amount of sexual tension built between them over the last few months and it was spilling over in that moment, that was the only reason she could think of as to why she was climbing into his lap and pressing him down against the bed. ‘Rey,’ Finn groaned as her lips latched onto the skin just beneath his jaw. It was only then that she pulled back and looked down at him as he grinned up at her, panting happily. In the same moment, the realization of what a horrible lapse in judgement she had just experienced hit her hard like she’d gone ten rounds with a wampa. She was off him in seconds and scrambling towards the door. ‘Rey!’ He shouted after her, hopping off the bed. She halted at the door but did not turn to face him. ‘You’re just going to leave? Just like that?’ She swallowed hard, turning her head slightly so that she could vaguely make out his form in her peripherals. ‘I’m sorry Your Highness, permission to be excused?’ He was silent for what felt like minutes to Rey. ‘Granted.’ Rey didn’t think she had ever heard him sound so…hurt. She slammed her hand on the button and was slipping out the door long before it had a chance to open properly and set off briskly down the corridor. She could feel Finn’s eyes on her, and it took everything in her not to look back. Chapter 2 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) ‘I truly hope that you have a good reason for waking me up at this ungodly hour, Miss Skywalker…’ Hymll—head of the Protection Command— muttered as he settled behind his desk, folded his hands neatly atop it and glared at her. It would be dawn in a little over an hour. After she had left Finn’s quarters she ended up taking a walk around the grounds to clear her head, which seemed to work because she had finally come up with a reasonable solution to deal with her Finn problem. ‘I do sir,’ Rey began, clasping her hands behind her back as she stood respectfully and unmoving in front of her superior. ‘I’d like to request a leave of absence,’ Hymll, narrowed his eyes. ‘Are you joking?’ ‘No sir,’ ‘You are under strict contract and are not permitted to take a holiday for another several months, request denied.’ Hymll said, and went to move from behind his desk. ‘Sir, I’m not requesting a holiday. I’m requesting a personal leave of absence.’ Rey explained. ‘Is there a family emergency?’ ‘No,’ Hymll pinched the bridge of his nose and released a heavy sigh. ‘Then what is it, Miss Skywalker?’ Rey took a deep breath and thought for a moment, knowing she would have to choose her words very carefully. ‘Over the last few weeks, I’ve become…unfocused.’ Hymll’s forehead creased. ‘How so?’ Rey moistened her bottom lip. ‘I’ve felt a little out of tune with the Force,’ It wasn’t a lie, she hadn’t felt entirely in sync with the Force for a while now, but Hymll didn’t need to know the true reason why…that her feelings for Finn had become so powerful they required a great deal of mental and emotional effort to be ignored. ‘…and I just feel that with this nagging issue, I may not be able to protect the Prince to the best of my ability.’ Hymll nodded slowly, putting the pieces together in his head. She had pulled the Jedi card – an advantage she had over others around here considering she was the only Jedi amongst the guard at the moment. ‘Right…okay, and you feel as though this leave of absence will help you…er…get back in tune with the Force ?’ ‘Yes sir,’ Reluctantly, Hymll reached into his desk for his data pad. ‘How long do you think you would need?’ ‘Three weeks would be ideal, and I could be back before Their Majesties head off planet at the end of the month.’ Hymll paused and glanced up from the data pad. ‘Who would take over your duties during that time?’ ‘Well, I’m sure if I spoke to Astrid or Erik they would be honoured to watch the Prince in my absence,’ ‘Fine,’ He sighed. ‘But you realize by me granting you this absence, you’re relinquishing your holiday time scheduled for later this year?’ ‘I understand sir,’ Rey nodded. ‘Then your absence is granted. I’ll speak to Erik tomorrow at the briefing about taking over for you,’ ‘Actually,’ The young Jedi cleared her throat. ‘I was hoping I could leave around this time tomorrow morning? I could even speak to Erik for you if you’d like me to?’ Hymll set the pad aside, never taking his eyes off Rey. ‘Are you alright, Miss Skywalker?’ Rey swallowed. ‘Of course, sir. Why do you ask?’ ‘You’re just…very anxious to leave. Are you sure there’s nothing else going on?’ ‘Not at all, sir.’ She lied. ‘I don’t want to be away from His Highness for too long. The quicker I go, the quicker I can come back here and resume my duties.’ Hymll stared at her for a moment longer, studying her face. Finally, he seemed to accept her answer and nodded. ‘Very well, I’ll speak to Erik in a few hours.’ ‘Thank you, sir.’ ‘You’re welcome,’ He replied as he stood. ‘Now, may I return to my quarters or do you have anything else that must be discussed before dawn?’ ‘No sir,’ ‘Dismissed,’ ………………………………………………………………………………………………….. She had to stifle several yawns on her way to escort Finn to breakfast, and by the time Rey had arrived in front of his bedroom door, she could feel her eyes struggling to stay open. ‘Your Highness?’ Rey called as she slipped into the room and nodded politely to the servant that was collecting the Prince’s clothes for the wash. Finn emerged from the refresher a few moments later, dressed for the day. ‘Good morning, Lady Rey,’ Finn smiled, gently. Rey felt her stomach flutter and she cleared her throat. ‘Good morning,’ Their gazes remained locked on one another until the servant interrupted them to quickly bow to Finn before taking her leave. Finn thanked her before turning his attention back to Rey. ‘So…’ ‘Come along Your Highness, we don’t want to keep your mother and father waiting,’ Rey interrupted, knowing full well where this conversation was headed and that this was not at all the time to have it. ‘What if I’m not hungry?’ He challenged, halting her mid step as they made their way down the corridor. She released an audible sigh and turned to him. ‘Do you plan on being this difficult all morning?’ Rey asked. He shrugged. ‘ Your Highness —,’ ‘Can we please just talk?’ Finn pleaded. ‘Now?’ ‘Yes,’ He insisted. ‘Rey, I don’t like how we left off yesterday.’ She shushed him quickly. ‘I know,’ she replied, guilt settling into her stomach. ‘…I’m sorry that I…’ she noticed a few members of the guard come around the corner and she paused. They smiled politely at Rey and Finn as they walked past. ‘Can we please talk about this later?’ ‘We can,’ Finn nodded. ‘…but are we actually going to talk or are you just going to run off again?’ There was a teasing tone in his voice but Rey could tell he was serious. ‘I’m not going to run off again,’ She replied. He was searching her eyes for something. ‘May we go now, Your Highness?’ ‘Lead the way,’ ……………………………………………………………………………………………………. Throughout the entire day, Rey could tell Finn was itching to speak to her. At dinner he had paid little mind to the conversation his mother and father were having, instead focusing much of his attention on Rey through quick glances as she stood in her place against the wall at the end of the room. And though her eyes remained trained on the wall ahead of her, it took a lot for her not to catch his gaze every time he looked in her direction. ‘Finn?’ Queen Serra asked. The Prince looked at her. ‘Yes mother?’ ‘You’re not eating?’ Both Rey and Finn glanced down at his plate that was virtually untouched. ‘Is there something troubling you, son?’ Udo questioned. Rey’s eyes caught Finn’s for just a moment before she quickly looked away. ‘No…I’m just…I guess I’m not hungry tonight,’ Finn shrugged. ‘Are you sick?’ ‘Uh…yeah,’ Finn answered, clearly lying. ‘I haven’t felt right since last night,’ ‘Oh dear,’ His mother frowned. ‘Perhaps you should visit the med bay?’ Finn replied. ‘I think that would be best,’ ‘Lady Rey, would you escort my son to the med bay?’ Rey nodded. ‘Of course Your Majesty,’ She quickly bowed before walking over to the dining room doors and waiting for Finn to meet her. The doors closed behind them and once Finn was sure the hall was empty he immediately took Rey’s hand. ‘Finn-,’ ‘Come on,’ He insisted. And for reasons unknown to her Rey let Finn lead her a short way down the hall before they stopped in front of a storage unit. ‘What are we doing?’ ‘Talking,’ Finn nodded toward the storage unit and pulled the door open. ‘Here?’ ‘Yeah, it’s private isn’t it? Unless you want to travel all the way to the other end of the castle just to chat in my bedroom?’ Finn suggested, clearly at ease with either idea. Reluctantly, Rey slipped inside, Finn following her as he shut the door behind them and flicked the light above their heads on. The unit wasn’t large by any means, it left just enough room for Finn and Rey to stand at least a foot apart. ‘If you want to talk, we should do it now before people start looking for us.’ Rey urged. It was a ridiculous statement and judging by the smirk Finn had given her –he was smirking a lot these days—he thought it to be just as ridiculous. Nobody would come looking for Finn and Rey as the entire kingdom had grown used to the unusually close relationship the Prince seemed to have with his Royal Protector. If the two had gone missing together for even a few hours Rey doubted anyone would bat an eye. ‘Okay,’ Finn chuckled. ‘Well, first things first…I’ve never had any of my royal protectors run away from me before, so thank you for that experience.’ Rey sighed. ‘Finn, I feel horrible about that but…’ ‘But?’ ‘But I didn’t know what else to do,’ She admitted. ‘You could have slapped me,’ He laughed, weakly. ‘I might have preferred that.’ Rey dropped her gaze. ‘I’m sorry,’ Thinking about it rationally, she could have handled that moment much better. ‘But everything I said about us having to keep our relationship professional…I meant that.’ ‘I know,’ Finn huffed. ‘I thought about it all night. We’re not supposed to feel this way about one another but—,’ ‘We can’t feel this way for one another Finn. It’s not something that’ll be swept under the rug, kriff , when I…when I kissed you last night—,’ ‘It was incredible, wasn’t it? You felt it too, didn’t you?’ He asked. He hadn’t realized he’d taken a step closer but Rey definitely had, she could feel his breath ticking her face. She swallowed hard, feeling the heat rise in her cheeks. ‘You know I did, Finn.’ She answered quietly. She felt Finn’s hand come up to cradle her jaw, and she knew she should have stepped away in that moment but she couldn’t, not with the way he was looking at her coupled with the way his thumb was brushing across her cheek. Rey felt dizzy. Her head was swimming, and it took everything in her not to lean forward and kiss that grin off of his lips. And in that same moment she knew her decision to leave tomorrow was justified. She needed to time to refocus and quell these feelings she had for Finn. But for now, they could stay like this, if only for a little while. ……………………………………………………………………………………………………… Narhadul’s sun had just barely breached the top of the trees when Rey had made her way out to the shipyard, a small knapsack slung over her shoulder. Both Hymll and Erik were waiting for her near a small starship that was being prepped for her departure. ‘Miss Skywalker,’ Hymll greeted. ‘You should be cleared for take off shortly,’ ‘Thank you, sir.’ ‘I expect to see you in exactly three weeks from today and not a moment later, am I understood?’ Hymll asked. ‘Yes, of course sir.’ ‘Excellent. Erik has been briefed on his duties regarding the Prince, I expect he’ll do a fine job.’ Hymll nodded toward Erik, before turning his attention back to Rey. ‘Safe travels, Miss Skywalker…and, may the Force be with you.’ Hymll had began to leave and Erik waited patiently to be excused by Rey. ‘Erik?’ ‘Yes ma’am?’ Rey’s eyes flicked from Erik’s to the castle, where they paused for a brief moment at Finn’s balcony that overlooked a large portion of the shipyard, and back again. ‘Take care of him,’ Erik nodded. ‘You have my word that His Highness will be protected and cared for at all costs, ma’am.’ ‘Thank you. You should go now, he’ll be getting up soon,’ She sighed. ‘Dismissed.’ She boarded the ship not long after she had sent Erik away, and as the starship ascended into the air, Rey said a temporary goodbye to the planet she had called home for well over a year and made a promise that she would come back better than ever and ready to be the Protector her Prince needed. Notes: Sorry for the wait! I just started a new job, and I go back to college in a matter of days so things have been a little hectic! Leave some feedback if you can, if not no worries, Thanks for reading! :) Also, Happy FinnreyFriday! Notes: *Chapters will be longer! *And sorry for any mistakes, I will fix any glaring ones later. I'm odd and can only seem to write when I'm absolutely exhausted. ;) If you'd like, let me know what you think! Thanks for reading!