Four years ago, Ben Solo had set his aim, and like a dog with a rabbit, his single-minded ambition was not to be toyed with. Four years after Beijing, he had climbed off the ten hour flight severely jet lagged but with the undeniable knot of excitement and admittedly trepidation building in his stomach; he had actually made it. He was so unbelievably close to achieving his 17 year-old dream, and so close to the possibility of ruining it. Not that it mattered, he tried to tell himself. He was at the olympics, for Christ’s sake; that was a huge achievement in itself, why did he always insist on trying to lower his own self-esteem? He pushed it out of his mind as he followed his teammates onto the bus that had been provided and zoned out during the journey from the airport to the athletes village, an hour journey that was doubled by the London traffic, which he soon learned was absolutely ridiculous as they spent more time sat still than actually moving. He was hardly taking in any of his surroundings as he was walked to the American accommodation and stumbled his exhausted way up the stairs and found his room, collapsing on his bed and promptly passing out. He was unfortunately woken up way earlier than his body was happy with by a loud rapping on his door. A glance at the clock told him that it was 4PM; he’d been asleep for seven hours and yet was still so tired, so ready to roll back onto his side and drift away again into blissful unconsciousness. “Benjamin Organa-Solo, I know you’re awake. Get that candy ass out of that bed and come and help me move some equipment. It doesn't carry itself!” He groaned loudly as he pushed himself off the aforementioned piece of furniture and mentally chastised himself for sleeping fully clothed, shoes and all, as he went to unlock his door. He was greeted by his uncle’s irritated face as he emerged, only able to summon up enough effort to grunt in response as he shifted himself along the corridor and towards the elevator. “Look alive, sunshine! It’s almost as if you’re a teenager again.” “Jet lag.” “That’s why we get here two weeks early; to settle in. No use anyone attempting any form of sport when all they want to do is sleep.” After what felt like hours to Ben, although was probably just a minute or two in reality, they reached the van that was parked relatively close with its tailgate swung open and a few other people in tracksuits matching his own crowded around it. You could probably have heard the squabbling from the Chinese accommodation on the other side of the village, he reckoned, as he stood back and let his uncle Luke order them all back. “Right, you can all shut up and wait until I call your names, at which point you can come and pick up your equipment bags. Alright? Alright.” He turned around and searched for a name tag on the first bundle, calling it out when he found it and letting the person in question collect their luggage. “Right, you each have a locker at the venue and I expect equipment to be in there at all times. Tomorrow we go there for the first time, use it, put it in the locker, then it stays there. I don’t want anyone wandering around London with a bag of padding and swords, okay?” There was a collective groan of tired acquiescence as people dispersed, hulking bags back into buildings. Ben could feel himself start to perk up, if only somewhat. He knew he wouldn’t be able to immediately go back to sleep, so he supposed he may as well take a look around the Olympic village. Perhaps go in hunt of some food, since he had heard tales of free all-you-can-eat McDonalds and hey; one slip up in his meal plan wouldn’t hurt. He’d burn it all off again tomorrow. First though, he wanted to actually have a look around the place. Ben had no idea what the thing in front of him was, but he didn’t think he’d seen anything so intriguingly pointless in his life. A giant structure of painted red steel spiralling hundreds of feet up into the air. Why? He had no idea, but it was sort of impressive. “Do you not think it’s at least somewhat nice to look at?” Came an American accent from behind him, causing him to spare a quick glance to its origin. A tall blonde woman in a Team USA tracksuit, stood next to a rather less bulky ginger man who looked as though he’d never worn a hoody in his life before jumping straight into his Team GB one. He didn’t recognise either of them. Not that he expected to, in a village of sixteen thousand people. “No, of course I don’t. Look at it! They should have just borrowed a helter-skelter from a fair and been done with it rather than build this poor impression of one. £23million on something that’s going to be defunct in a month’s time.” The guy may not have thought the tower was much to look at, but he certainly was. Ben couldn’t help but stare at the man absentmindedly, earning himself a raised eyebrow in return. “Yes? Can I help you?” “I, er, sorry. No, I just heard you say how much it cost. Does it actually have a point? A meaning? And who paid that much for that?” He stumbled through his words, trying to make the man forget his indiscretion. “Past stroking Boris Johnson’s ego, I don’t think it does. And some Indian steel tycoon paid most of it, with our taxes going towards about three million of it. Because who needs the NHS, schools, or a police force when you’ve got a four-hundred foot tall eyesore.” Ben couldn’t help but laugh quietly as he spoke, and then more so when his blonde friend elbowed him in the back of his shoulder and told him to calm down, lest he wanted his blood pressure to rise. He rolled his eyes and glared at her with a stare that could probably cut diamonds before the two of them wandered, no, strode off, still bickering about something. Ben couldn’t say that he didn’t watch him leave with more attention than he probably should have. Ben had never been to a British pub, and he was rather excited to hear that there apparently was one in the Olympic park. Since he hadn’t actually had the McDonalds he’d promised himself, he thought it wouldn’t be so bad to indulge himself somewhat. He was in peak condition; he’d survive a drink or two. He found himself stood behind a group of Americans and Australians as they drowned in shared sorrow; Powerade was a poor replacement for a stiff drink. He managed to ingratiate himself somewhat with the group as he listened to their conversation, not particularly caring for the content of it, but enjoying the camaraderie in the atmosphere as they drank their disappointingly soft drinks. Apparently the Russians were all probably doping and the Australian rowing team had a thing for Jessica Ennis; who would’ve guessed. Ben’s attention was dragged away when a head of bright orange hair was caught in his peripheral vision. He could hear the groan and the begrudging request for two diet cokes in the ginger’s recognisably posh tone, followed by the stranger turning to lean on the bar. Ben dared to quickly glance at the ginger, drinking in his long, slim frame and narrow waist, the pale skin of his neck that was lightly dusted with freckles, the grey blue eyes that he noticed too late were also looking directly at him. Oh wow. Smooth, Benjamin. Very subtle. The eyes narrowed slightly as the edge of his lips tilted upwards just a fraction, the ginger picking up his drinks and returning to a table where the tall blonde woman was waiting for him. “Oh my God, did you see that guy? Fuckin’ faggot man! Totally looked you up and down like he wanted to fuckin’ eat you!” Ben snapped his head around to face the source of the comment, one of the American cyclists with a voice like a ship’s foghorn. “Skinny fucker as well; I could beat the shit out of him.” “Bet he does gymnastics. Prancing around with ribbons.” This one looked like he was in some martial art, wrestling or judo. “Nah, only women do that one in the olympics. Too skinny for normal gymnastics. Probably does table tennis, something shit like that. Fucking fairy.” It took Ben a moment to process what he was hearing; it was 2012, for God’s sake. What did it matter? It took him another moment to realise that the ginger had promptly stood up and was on his way out, although not before Ben received a withering glance that told him he’d screwed up royally. He changed his mind; he couldn’t stand these people. He waited a minute so he didn’t show his rush to depart, before finishing his drink and heading back to his accommodation to spend a night wanting to slap himself as he tried to force his body to sleep. The next morning saw Ben dragged out of bed and forced onto a coach at 8AM. He’d hardly managed to sleep last night through a mixture of jet lag and embarrassment at his own failure to stand up to the pricks he hoped he’d never see again, and so was still half asleep as the seats around him filled with various fencers, wrestlers, weightlifters and boxers. His curiosity forced him to pay some attention when a small group of people who looked like they fit into none of those categories began to filter on. He’d recognise some of them if they were fencers, and they were mostly far too slender to be competing in any of the other three disciplines, some of them even looking old enough to be deemed middle aged also confused him. He was just about to let himself drift off again when a figure he recognised stepped into the aisle. Of course. Just his luck. He didn’t appear to be alone in his sentiment, however, the ginger rolling his eyes in what looked like exasperation when he spotted Ben and positively strutting past him with disdain almost physically dripping off him. The half hour of London traffic was somehow even more dismal when he could feel burning hatred directed at him from the back of the coach rather than just the incessant babbling of his teammates. He noted though that the ginger didn’t get off in the same place as him and the boxers and weightlifters etc, leaving Ben with no idea what in God’s name he was here for. He pushed him out of his mind as he walked into the ExCeL, a large building of steel and glass that was to be his training centre for the next few weeks, and quickly found his place in the locker room and changed into his protective gear, leaving his mask off for as long as possible as he followed his teammates to the hall that had been set up for sparring in anticipation of them. He was paired with a guy he didn’t really know but who was apparently determined to be his friend, and he guessed he might as well try. It looked as though they were stuck with each other, since they were apparently the only two épées on the team. Unsurprising, considering it was usually the least popular of the three weapons, but he didn’t see how it was conducive to improving either of their performances if they only had each other to duel. The guy, Finn was his name, insisted that Ben went with him and his friend on the diving team to the pub in the village boundaries again that night, not at all put off by the fact that there was no alcohol. He would’ve declined, had he not had the voice of his mother in the back of his mind telling him that he better make the most of it. What did he have to lose? Chapter 2 It turned out that he had a lot to lose as he followed Finn into the room and his eyes were quickly met by ginger hair surrounded by slim bodies. He lowered his gaze, but not quickly enough to avoid eye contact with pale eyes and a raised brow. “What’s up?” Finn nudged him with his elbow, looking at him with vague concern. “It’s nothing. Could you get me a diet coke? It’s all free.” “Going straight to the hard stuff, I see.” He bit his lip and smirked as he went up to the bar, allowing Ben to find a seat and push his face into his hands. The guy was fucking everywhere; it was like he was following Ben, but he’d gotten there first, so it couldn’t be that. How was it possible that no matter where he went, ginger hair was sure to catch his eye. He was never going to get him out of his head now. “Ben, this is Poe, the guy I was telling you about earlier.” Ben shook the hand that had been extended with about as much gusto as a wet weekend, accepting that his fate was to slip into a permanent state of distraction. He listened half-heartedly to their discussion, deep in his introspection and pointless misery, leading to a light shove to his shoulder from Finn. “Come on man, lighten up a bit. Those guys seem to be having fun.” He gestured towards the ginger’s group, which was gradually becoming louder and rowdier. “Hey, here’s one for you Hux; what do dressage riders use as contraceptives?” Ben saw the ginger roll his eyes at the woman and shrug, although with a smirk still plastered on his face. “Their personalities, last time I checked.” This was met with a playful shove from the ginger, Hux was his name apparently, but that didn’t stop her. “I mean come on, when was the last time you had a good shag?” “None of your business, you cheeky bint. Now go get me a coke, would you?” God, his smile was gorgeous; just the right combination of sweetness and piranha’s teeth to make Ben have to cross his thighs over and hope no one looked close enough to see the flush on his face. The woman rolled her eyes but did as he asked, throwing him a comment about how it was his turn next. A man interrupted the group, though was clearly part of it as they all turned to face him. He looked to be around forty or so, but still handsome with the air of a man who had to mature into his features anyway. “So we all remember the training pyramid, don’t we?” He was looking directly at Hux, but the reply came from a rather excited-looking young girl. “Rhythm, suppleness, contact, impulsion-” “Christ Maloney, don’t be so good. The answer he’s looking for is patience, shouting, crying, giving in and fucking the judge, then hard liquor.” Hux tilted his head as he said this, clearly enjoying the shade of red Maloney was turning. “Ten points to fucking Gryffindor.” The man bent down and pulled a bottle out of his bag to a chorus of appreciative hollers and calls of “Farrell you absolute legend” as the bottle of Smirnoff was passed around. Ben could feel eyes boring into the back of his head as he stood up and walked out as quietly as possible. Finn and Poe had nodded and accepted his apology when he said he had a migraine and had to sleep, he only hoped they didn’t see through his rather awful attempt lie. One sleepless night of planning and various google searches later, Ben had found where he had to be. “Hux” and “olympics” had uncovered a fair amount for him; two wikipedia articles had surfaced, one for a Brendol Hux and the other an Armitage Hux. Brendol was far too old to be his Hux, unless he’d found the philosopher’s stone and had found some really realistic ginger hair dye. He’d been a dressage rider in the Olympics, had won silver for Great Britain in LA in 1984. Ben had a quick scroll to the “Personal Life” section and, lo and behold, his son Armitage was born in 1982. He clicked the link and found himself presented with the ginger hair, pale eyes, and slim waist that had crept into his dreams last night. The rest of the article focussed on his career path up until the present day, featuring many words that meant absolutely nothing to him, but sounded rather impressive. It finished on the line “Hux is scheduled to compete for Great Britain at the London 2012 Olympic Games in both individual and competition dressage on his Belgian Warmblood gelding, Cambridge Messiah.”. Ben followed the links until he found a page on the venues for each event in London. Horses, horses, equestrian, Greenwich Park. That made sense, it was relatively close to the ExCeL, explained why he got the same coach. He had to admit his confusion at the tube map, taking five minutes to work out what colour the right line was alone until he eventually gave up and asked the man in the booth next to the turnstiles how to get from where he was to Greenwich park. Apparently he had to take the DLR, which was simplified for him to “The blue and white stripey one. No, the light blue, the dark one’s TfL Rail. Get on here, off at Canary Wharf, get on the Southbound DLR and off again at Cutty Sark. It’s pretty close.” and then re-complicated by the man he ended up stood next to who told him that the Docklands Light Railway wasn’t even really part of the London Underground and then decided he was his friend (“Fencing! Fine sport for a strapping young lad like yourself!”). He caught a few sympathetic glances from people who obviously shared his lack of enthusiasm for conversations on public transport at nine in the morning. He forgot to get off at wherever it was the man had told him, only noticing his mistake when the carriage began moving in the other direction and went back through West India Quay. After another age of confusion, he finally found himself at the Cutty Sark, which turned out to be a trading ship-cum-museum, and realised he’d just walked five minutes in the wrong direction. Eventually he found himself in Greenwich Park and sat on a fence near a warm-up arena. Luckily it was still relatively empty, due to the only people having arrived yet being the British and Irish, with a few French horses just settling in, according to the woman he’d asked directions from. So he sat, and he waited. Eventually his patience paid off as he saw Hux emerge from the nearby stable block wearing a polo shirt tucked into belted jodhpurs that accentuated his slim waist and forced Ben to drag his mind kicking and screaming out of the gutter. It didn’t take him long to spot the imposing figure sat at the front of the almost empty stands, and even less time to stride up to him, fury etched deep into his face. “Are you following me? Have you come to have another laugh at the faggot? Because if so then you really should get yourself a life, don’t you have a competition to be focussing on?” He was positively seething, shoulders pushed forward and eyes narrowed like a spitting cobra. “Look, I-” Oh God, what was it he’d planned to say again? “I’m sorry. I came to apologise. I’d just met those guys, and I just kinda froze when they said it. I know it’s no excuse for not saying anything, but if there’s anything I can do to make amends then I’ll do it.” Ben could see him visibly soften, although not entirely. “I need to run through my test a few times, but I’ll be back in about half an hour if you want to talk?” Ben nodded and watched as he went and pulled on a helmet before being helped into the saddle. He didn’t understand a large amount of what Hux was doing, or what made a good movement or a bad movement, but he had to admit that he looked rather graceful while doing it. He was jolted out of his daze of admiration when he heard a loud voice from across the arena. “Are you intending to score a zero on your inclines, Armitage? Do it again, MXK.” He had to squint to see the source of the voice, but a quick look through the internet history on his phone confirmed that this must be Hux senior. “Do it again; this is bloody prelim level.” He certainly didn’t sound like a fan of positive reinforcement. “If you want to be the oldest member of the Pony Club then I can send you back there, Armitage,” was soon followed by a rather more ominous “If you’re not going to try then I will come over there and break both of your legs for you; I will not have my name disgraced at an international level, Armitage. Remember, you should be glad to have it at all.” Christ. Finally, Ben could see Hux allowing the horse to relax and his father disappear off to have a cigarette, followed by Hux dismounting and handing the reins to a young woman who he thanked as he pulled off his helmet. “No offence man, but your dad’s awful. What’s that about breaking your legs?” He asked, brows knitted with concern as Hux approached him again. “It’s nothing. He’s just like that sometimes. But forget him, I’m sick of people talking about him.” He looked like he was ready to punch a hole in a wall, so Ben didn’t bother pressing the issue. “I need to get changed but then I’m getting as far out of his way as possible. You can come with me if you want, I can show you around at least some of London.” “Do you not have training to do?” Ben asked, eyebrow raised. “I could say the same to you. Besides, there’s only so much the horse can do in a day. It would be counter-productive to over-work him.” He spoke as if it should have been obvious to any idiot, making Ben’s face heat up slightly. “So are you coming, or have you suddenly discovered a hidden passion for dressage?” And that was how Ben found himself in Shoreditch, sat opposite what could only be a God in the flesh. He’d changed into another polo shirt, this one almost purple with “Land Rover Burghley Horse Trials” emblazoned across it. Not that much attention was paid to the writing when it was tucked into his jeans in a way that made Ben’s mind wander to images of his hands wrapped around that waist, pulling it out so he could slip underneath it, feeling his skin under his palms. He snapped himself back into the present moment when he realised Hux was looking at him with an expression that was partly expectant but mostly amused. He was never like this; unfocussed wasn’t something anyone could accuse him of being, and yet he had become so distracted by this man already. Mild panic washed over him as he desperately tried to think of something to say. “So… Was that something you competed at?” He vaguely gestured to Hux’s shirt in an attempt to seem only somewhat interested in the man as opposed to somewhat obsessed. Hux’s eyebrow raised along with the smirk on his lips. “No, Burghley’s a three day event, I do pure dressage.” His voice was perfectly level, leaving Ben unsure as to whether or not he was secretly mocking his lack of knowledge. “That means absolutely nothing to me.” “I guessed as much. Eventing has three different phases; dressage, cross country, and showjumping, so you have to be fairly good at all three. I prefer to aim for excellence in one.” His eyes remained locked onto Ben’s as he leant back and drank from his bottle of Rekorderlig. “Makes sense. Do different breeds of horse do different things or?” He forgot to finish his sentence, feeling like a rabbit caught in headlights. “At this level, yes although there is some crossover. Dressage horses are usually warmbloods, heavier-set than eventers. Thicker neck, less gangly. Eventers have to be lighter for the cross country phase; you get more thoroughbreds and Irish sport horses, some warmbloods with a higher percentage of thoroughbred in them.” A large amount of it still flew straight over Ben’s head, but that wasn’t going to stop him trying. “Yours is a Belgian warmblood isn’t he? Cambridge something?” Hux chuckled in a way that didn’t seem so ominous, although still made Ben wary that he might have screwed up. “Cambridge Messiah, though we actually call him Ridley. And he is indeed; someone’s been googling me, haven’t they?” He shied as far back into his seat as his large frame would allow, accepting his fate now. “Why Ridley?” Maybe if he ignored it, it would go away. Change the subject, make him forget quite how creepy that sounded. “Theology college in Cambridge, trains priests and vicars and the like. He was given his registered name in Belgium, we imported him when he was four. I refused to call him Messiah, so I tried to be witty.” He shrugged and shifted himself forwards, placing his elbows on the small table between them and his chin into his hands, as if herding Ben further into his chair, chasing him back. “But enough about me, Ben Solo. I still know next to nothing about you. I’m guessing you’re about twenty-five, Californian? Though that’s just a hunch. Wait, no- I bet you’re from one of those eternally dismal states; Washington perhaps?” His expression had become playful, although still intimidating by virtue of the sharp angles of his face and spark of determination in his eyes. “Close; twenty-four, and you were right the first time. Sacramento.” He couldn’t help but smile at the look of mock-dismay that came across the other’s face. “Goddamnit, so close. Sport then. I can narrow it down because I know you do something in the ExCeL, so it’s got to be some form of contact sport, weightlifting, or maybe you’re just a very unlikely candidate for table-tennis champion?” His smirk became wider, his teeth just about bared and the tip of his tongue coming to rest on an upper canine in a way that made Ben attempt to subtly hide his crotch by leaning forwards and resting his crossed arms on his knees. There was no way he didn’t know what he was doing; maybe this was revenge? “No, far too broad for table-tennis. Your biceps alone would be absolutely wasted on it, not to mention the rest of you.” Right, the bastard definitely knew what he was doing as he reached out and made a show of his inability to wrap his hand even halfway around Ben’s upper arm. He tried and failed to conceal the shudder that ran through his at the skin-to-skin contact, just as Hux couldn’t hide the flash of glee in his eyes when he saw it. He really was enjoying tormenting him, didn’t he? “And you’re not stocky enough to be a weightlifter. Doesn’t look like your nose has been broken and I’m not seeing any bruises so I’m going to guess that its not boxing or taekwondo. So that leaves what, judo, fencing and wrestling?” He leaned back again, appearing to be inspecting him as he thought it through. “As much as the image of you in a wrestling outfit is absolutely hilarious to me, you don’t seem bulky enough. Your torso is more of a V than a square, however I am shooting in the dark, here.” “Want a hint?” He dared to interrupt. “No, no, I’ll get there. I’ll admit to not knowing a lot about either of them. There are different swords in fencing though, from what I remember. Foil, sabre, I think the other one begins with an E, épee?” Ben’s jaw reflexively clenched and a shudder of irritation ran along his back, quickly followed by a triumphant laugh from Hux. “Fencing it is then. Don’t worry your pretty little head; I did do eight years of French, I do know it’s “ep-ay”, not “ep-ee”. Didn’t realise you’d be that upset about it though.” He let out another small laugh that he didn’t want to believe was tinged with affection. Ben finally allowed himself to completely relax in Hux’s presence, glad that he seemed to have clawed his way back onto the man’s Christmas card list. “It’s just that when people say it constantly, you begin to get irritated, you know? Besides, that’s the weapon I use, of course I’m a bit protective.” He allowed himself to smile lop-sidedly in a way that he hoped was charming, though he didn’t hold out much hope. “That explains why you’re rather… More muscular, than stereotypical fencers; it’s the heaviest of the three, no?” Ben could only nod weakly, paling as Hux reached a hand out again, this time to ghost across his chest in a way that made Ben want to moan and pin him against his chair. “Strong. I imagine the height helps, also. Broad shoulders,” The hand snaked up from his chest to his shoulders, curling around to the back of his neck. “Power, but at the expense of a larger target for an opponent. And then, of course, your face. Pretty, but traitorous. I suppose you don’t need to learn to conceal your emotions when you wear a mask, it’s left you vulnerable, every thought as clear as glass.” He was so done for, and, judging by the unmistakable glint in his eye, this bastard knew it. Notes: The Orbit is ridiculous, but would you believe that they recently turned it into a slide? Gonna start a gofundme for the £17 it takes to ride it. @lazarus-is-risen on tumblr