Monday That first day that I saw you…it wasn’t a Monday, but it sure felt like it. It felt heavy…like a new start. Teach I could teach you about the force…behind my feelings for you…if you would just allow me. Please allow me. Edge I lay on the edge, cut open and suffering…all because of you. I looked upon your fleeing face… Did you see? I was begging you to heal me even when I seemed to hate you. Forgo I refuse to be without you. Whether I live or die…all that matters is…I must possess you. I cannot forgo this scavenger who looted my heart and threatened to thrash it with her puny little hands… There is immense strength in those puny little hands. Relace You are the light and I’m in the darkness…And yet a bond existed between us. That bond was severed…but something in both of us wanted to relace it again…and again, every time it’s severed. Brake Don’t let your self stop you from getting what you want. Do not apply the brake. Let it happen. Wilt A desert flower even used to a harsh environment would wilt without care. Damn you for teaching me how to care for a beautiful desert flower. Inert Let’s stay like this, frozen in this moment. Me holding you while you fight me and this messy feelings that you have for me. Hope Hope…that is you. I feel a new purpose…I feel life is precious once more. How can a lowly scavenger make me feel this way…as if she’s my queen and I want to do her bidding. And if she wants me to turn into the light then so be it. Yahoo I could not remember the last time I shouted for joy…but these days, my lips tight with displeasure, seen…but my heart, unseen, ridiculously thuds with excitement every time my eyes, my senses feels your presence. That stupid organ that lives in my chest gives these tiny shouts of exuberance because you deign to look at me…worst, when you smile at me. User I shall use whatever power I have to possess you. You shall be mine and I will be yours. Let’s use each other to eradicate this loneliness…this longing to belong. Use me, to make your light shine brighter. I’ll use you, to eradicate this darkness in me. —o0o— …and to make sense of the word prompts: Monday Teach edge Forgo relace Brake Wilt inert hope Yahoo user Remove the 2nd, 3rd and 4th letter of each word and you get… Have fun finding the hidden message :D Notes: ~8 9 16AF P same~