Hux grimaced as the doors of the holding cell slid open. Anyone who was used to seeing the General under normal circumstances might have trouble recognizing him in his present state: tied down at his wrists and ankles, dressed in grey prisoner garb, and sporting three days worth of stubble. However, his Resistance captors would not so easily forget who he was. Since the Resistance strike team had captured the shuttle he had been commandeering between a colonized moon and the First Order’s new flagship, they had interrogated him day and night for all he knew. However, Hux had yet to speak one word to them. He looked to see who had entered the room now, steeling himself for whatever torture was about to be inflicted upon him. His eyebrows raised in surprise when it was not one of the usual interrogators, but a young woman of slight build wearing grey robes. Her face seemed familiar to him. The rebellious spark in her dark eyes helped him recall the database pictures of members of the Resistance. Hux smirked. “So you’re the one who messed up Ren’s face,” said Hux. “I commend you for that. He was sulking for weeks.” Rey stepped close to the flat metal surface on which Hux was splayed. “I’m not here to talk about Kylo Ren,” said Rey. “You’re going to give me information about your base.” Hux laughed. “They haven’t been able to get it out of you yet,” said Rey. “I’m not afraid of pain,” said Hux. “Then I’ll have to use a different method,” said Rey. “You can try,” said Hux. “But if I were you, I would be worried about my men tracking you down. It’s only a matter of time.” “I doubt it,” said Rey. “Well, that’s your problem,” said Hux. The General’s expression went from bored to incredulous when instead of replying, Rey lowered herself onto Hux’s legs and pulled down the threadbare trousers to his knees. She stared unabashedly at his dick. Though not particularly shy, Hux could not help but blush reflexively. "W-what are you doing?” “You said pain didn’t work,” said Rey. The way she looked up at him through her thick lashes made his heart pound. Hux licked his lips. “Does the Resistance actually whore out its members to get information out of prisoners?” “No,” said Rey. “No one knows I’m here.” “So why are you here?” asked Hux. She only answered by licking the tip of his flaccid cock. Hux sharply inhaled at the sensation of her hot tongue. “If you honestly think you will get anything out of sucking me off, then by all means try,” said Hux. Rey wrapped her lips around his hardening length and lowered her head down. She twisted her hand around where her mouth didn’t reach. She certainly knew what she was doing. “Is this how they do things on Jakku?” Hux quipped. Rey released his dick with a wet smacking sound. “No,” said Rey. “But I heard that’s how it is in the First Order. How many dicks did you suck to become general?” "A few,” admitted Hux. Rey hesitated, not expecting this answer. “Though if I was as pretty as you, I would have just had to bat my eyelashes a few times,” said Hux. Rey blushed. “I’m not so sure about that.” She refocused on his flushed member and began to suck him off in earnest. Hux sighed and tried to arch deeper into her soft mouth, but the restraints restricted his movement. He squeezed his eyes shut when he felt his orgasm coming. Fuck. It felt good. Then all of a sudden, Rey pulled her mouth completely away from his leaking cock. Hux gasped in shock. “Don’t think you’re going to come until you tell me where your base is,” said Rey. Hux shivered from being so close to climax, but he shook his head. Rey smiled darkly. She stood up and ripped his shirt open. For the first time since his capture, Hux truly felt out of his depth. He trembled as she slid her hands down his pale chest. “Shh,” Rey said. “All you have to do is tell me.” She kissed at the orange hair on his cheek. “And I’ll give you everything you want,” she whispered in his ear. Hux swallowed heavily, but did not respond otherwise. Rey kissed and bit his neck as she reached down to slowly rub his erection. Hux whimpered, desperate for more friction. Her hand moved faster until he was a few strokes away from release. When she pulled away this time, Hux cried out and his eyes watered. “You know what you have to do,” said Rey without sympathy. Before he could try to compose himself, Rey unfastened the front of her robe. As it fell from her shoulders, Hux’s mouth dropped when he saw that she wasn’t wearing anything else underneath. His eyes became involuntarily glued to her cute, perky breasts. “Just what were you planning to do with me coming here like that?” asked Hux. “Would you like to find out?” asked Rey. Hux couldn’t stop himself from eagerly nodding. Rey swung her leg over him and straddled his face. “Lick,” she commanded. He stuck his tongue between her folds and she rutted against his face.She relished the burn of his beard on her sensitive thighs. Rey grabbed a handful of his disheveled hair as he tongued her clit. “Yes,” she moaned. “Keep doing that.” His chin was soaked with his spit and her wetness.He breathed heavily through his nose and continued to taste her. “You have a nice mouth,” said Rey. “I might have to keep you,” Hux raised an eyebrow despite his ministrations. “As my bedwarmer,” Rey clarified. Hux laughed and the vibrations from his mouth caused Rey to speedily come into his mouth. Hux swallowed and looked at her smugly. He was about to say something when Rey moved her hips down to his desperate erection. She lowered her heat just an inch above his tip. Hux tried to thrust up into her to no avail. “Is this what you want?” asked Rey as she let his cock rub against her opening before moving out of reach again. Hux’s eyes glimmered with desperation, but he could not bring himself to beg. “You know what you have to do, Armitage” said Rey. “I admire your determination, Rey,” said Hux. “But it takes much more than seduction to best a man like me.” “Then how about I just leave you there like this all night?” asked Rey. “You won’t,” said Hux with certainty. “Oh really?” said Rey. “Really,” said Hux. With this, there was a sudden explosion as something collided heavily with the Resistance vessel they were travelling on. Rey shrieked. Hux took advantage of her surprise to grab Rey and flip her on her back. “What?” Rey looked up in confusion as Hux’s blue eyes peered down on her lustfully. “I had already undone my restraints before you came in the room,” said Hux. “But I wasn’t going to lose the opportunity to have a beautiful woman take advantage of me.“ “But what?” she looked over in confusion as the sound of blaster shots rang through the ship. “ The First Order finally found me,” said Hux. He kissed her heatedly and lined his cock up with her entrance. “You’ll know where our base is soon enough now,” he said with amusement. “So fair is fair, right?” She trembled as the head of his cock teased her. It felt too good to pull away from him now. She wrapped her legs around his hips and nodded. He slid inside of her, and she gripped his shoulders. When he was all the way in, he whispered into her ear:“ I like your cunt. I might have to keep you.” A louder explosion sounded closer to them. Rey looked towards it in alarm. “We have just enough time,” Hux reassured her. He thrust in and out of her at a rapid pace, eager to finally get off before he was either rescued or the ship blew up. “Are you always an arrogant bastard?” asked Rey. “Yes!” said Hux, both as an answer to her question and an exclamation of pleasure. He emptied himself into her with three heavy thrusts and quickly stood and pulled his pants back up. His release had barely started pooling onto Rey’s thighs when the the stormtroopers broke down the door. Hux threw her discarded robe on top of her nakedness. “Sir,” said one of the stormtroopers, unperturbed by the scene. “What are your orders?” “Strip the ship of anything valuable,” said Hux. “And have this woman escorted to my quarters.” Rey sat up with a conflicted look on her face. “You said yourself that nobody knew that you were coming to me,” said Hux. “For all everyone knows you could have perished on this vessel.” Rey refastened the robe around her body. Hux loosed it so that most of her breasts were showing. He squeezed one before moving his hand away, earning an involuntary moan from Rey. Hux smiled arrogantly. “I can’t wait to see the look on Ren’s face when he sees my new companion.” And with that, Hux swept out of the room as if he had just stepped out of a conference room and not an interrogation chamber.