Transcript follows of a holo-interview. Unedited, unvetted. Interviewer: We’re here today with the couple everyone fears, admires and respects: Emperor Hux and his Knight Consort Kylo Ren. Since their wedding five years ago - at the foundation of our glorious Empire - they’ve been household names. And before that, they were known throughout the galaxy as the spearhead of the First Order. First: thank you both for talking to me. Hux: It is always a pleasure to speak to the whole Empire. Kylo: You mean the ones who read gossip columns. Interviewer: (forced laughter) Hux: As I said: the whole Empire . Interviewer: You two wowed everyone when you walked down the aisle. And - I must say - in such beautiful outfits. Hux: The finest dress uniform the galaxy has ever seen. Kylo: Do you want to know how long it took to lace those damn boots? And how long it took to get them off again ? Interviewer: But they looked so stunning on you! Kylo: (under his breath) …looked better on the floor. Interviewer: But you two weren’t always happily wedded husbands, were you? Would you like to tell us a bit about that? Kylo: He hated me for five years. Hux: Who said I stopped after five? Or at all? Kylo: I’m pretty sure he tried to have me killed on twelve separate occasions. Hux: Who did you think was behind the other two hundred? Kylo: (shrugs) A lot of people hate me. Interviewer: Whoo! So, it wasn’t all hyperspeed travel for you? Hux: That would be a fair assessment, yes. Kylo: He didn’t ever actually manage to kill me, if that’s what you mean. Hux: It was a training exercise. Kylo: Not for your assassins. They ended up dead. Hux: But you didn’t. From anyone else’s attempts. You’re welcome. Interviewer: So what changed your mind? Hux: Honestly, I can’t remember. We should probably get divorced. Kylo: I know precisely wha– HEY. Hux: (smiles sweetly) Kylo: Hux, I’m pretty sure everyone in the galaxy knows you’re gay for me, now. You did make a pretty big deal of our wedding. Hux: (wider smiling) Interviewer: So you went from killing to kissing? Kylo: And groping. And grabbing. And sucking. And– Hux: I am very happy . Kylo: (smug grin) Hux: (insufferably smug grin) Interviewer: Do you have any tips for the guy or gal out there who has their eye on someone who is trying to murder them? Kylo: Don’t die. And then make out a lot. Hux: And conversely make sure anyone you’re hoping to invest a lot of time and affection with has good survival instincts. Kylo: So you were trying to kill me to see if I’d be able to survive long enough to be a suitable husband? Hux: Plus you were really annoying. And I didn’t know you were so attractive under that stupid mask. Kylo: I’m touched. Kylo: Or I will be. Hux: (more smug grinning) Interviewer: Well, you heard it here first! Make sure your intended spouse isn’t prone to dying, and if they wear a face-covering mask… maybe find some way to take it off. Kylo: And always practice safe sex. Like, by putting the auto-pilot on. Hux: THAT WAS ONE TIME. Kylo: And do your Imperial duty or something, I dunno, he gave me notes but I forgot them. Hux: You’re insufferable. Kylo: (beaming) I know. Interviewer: Thank you, and goodnight!