The Village When I look up at the stars, I don’t see tiny pinpricks of light scattered across a blue-black canvas. I see worlds and people all connected to one another through this great presence my father called the force. Some are stronger with the force than others, like wolves hiding among sheep. I am a wolf, and I will be the strongest there is even if I have to hunt down every last sheep and kill every other wolf. I walked through the Twi’lek city, carefully observing the goings ons from beneath the hood of the black robe I had donned. The children ran through the streets with exuberant glee playing some sort of game with a brown ball. Sometimes I wish I had had that as a child, that freedom to play and do as I wish, within my parents’ set parameters of what was appropriate, but I had something much better. I had my training. While they were out wasting their lives on games and figments of their feeble little imaginations, I was building my strength, connecting with the world around me, and, importantly, learning how to wield a lightsaber. My long red lekku twitched slightly at the thought of my training, my calling. You see my grandfather, Capnogi, was once a jedi. A low ranking one, but still, he had been trained in the ways of the force, nonetheless. He had defected just before the fatal order 66 that deemed all jedi to be exterminated. He had attempted to delve into the mysteries of the dark side. He was unsuccessful. So unsuccessful that his attempts to reach out to Darth Sidious and Darth Vader were ignored. He was seen as an insignificant insect in their eyes. He, instead, took that knowledge he had gleaned from his training and passed it onto my father who imparted this knowledge of the force and the use of lightsaber unto me. He also bequeathed his lightsaber unto me as well. I had basked in it’s pale blue glow for years as I grew stronger and stronger. Unfortunately, a slight malfunction in the wiring of my saber resulted in a minor explosion, rendering it useless. This being the issue which brings me to the nearest settlement to my residence. I needed to find a shop that sold the parts necessary parts for me to build my own lightsaber. As I walked the streets of this sprawling city, a small child crossed my path chasing after her ball. She reminded me of a young twi’lek girl I had seen upon one of my first trip to the city. Her green skin shone in the dim light as the brown ribbons wrapped around her short lekku wavered in the air behind her. I walked up to the nearest parts shop. It was a decrepit old space, but it seemed unlikely that the residents of the city would question my presence there. The clerk was a human, brown haired and dark skinned. I walked over and slipped him a list. “I need these parts.” He looked over the list. His eyes flickered over the list and then up to meet my blue eyes. He set the list down and went into the back of the shop to fetch the parts. He soon returned, arms full. The human placed the parts on the counter and tapped the total cost of the mechanisms into a computer. His eyes flickered back to mine again. Then he eyed the rags I called clothing. Unlike most Twi’lek women, I tended to cover my body. “It’ll be expensive. You know, I know a guy at one of the hutt’s clubs. I could get you a gig as a dancing girl in lieu of payment.” I scowled at the human, this disgusting male. I was tempted to slit his pathetic little throat. I slammed currency down onto the counter. Gathering the parts and pulling them into a satchel I carried at my side I shot him one final, damning glare before exiting the shop. I began my walk back to the cave I called home. I turned a corner, effectively bumping into the same girl that had run before me earlier. She picked herself up off of the dusty ground and looked up at me with her wide yellow eyes. “I’m sorry miss; I wasn’t looking where I was going.” “Out of my way child,” I growled with narrowed eyes and bared teeth. The child yelped and scurried away. I adjusted the satchel at my side, and I resumed my steady gait. As I walked I passed orange and white X-wing. The resistance had set up a small outpost here since it was mostly ignored by the first order. Well, aside from the slave trade. That wouldn’t last long. The first order was extending its reach into the outer rim. It was even more likely to be broken up with the rumor that General Organa would be coming to Ryloth to stage an attack on an outer rim security outpost. Within three hours time I had arrived back home. My home was simple. A bed stood in the back, a table stood to the side. The table was crowded with all sorts of mechanical parts and a single knife with a curved blade. I emptied the contents of my satchel onto the desk, sat down and got to work. I worked for hours, hunching over the semblance of a lightsaber. That was where I fell asleep. That was where I was awoken by the sound of screams. Chapter 2 : The Invasion Summary: The First Order invades the village our main character is residing in, and she responds with a violent retaliation. I jolted awake. The screams echoed throughout my cave frighteningly. I ran to the entrance and peered out. Fires blazed from what had once been buildings in the distance. TIE fighters flew overhead shooting down the resistance X-wings trying to escape or fight back. I’m not particularly sure which. It would seem that the first order had finally acted on the resistance presence growing on Ryloth. This was it. The end of my time here had come. If I stayed I would be captured and sold into slavery with rest of the city’s population. That was a life I had long fought to avoid. I rushed into the dark space, grabbing my satchel as I went. I swept the partially formed lightsaber and the remaining parts into the satchel as carefully and quickly as I could. I donned my cloak, and I reached for my knife. I ran out of the cave and away from the fires. I could hear the steady thumping of the stormtroopers’ boots as they approached the outskirts where myself and some other more reclusive Twi’leks chose to make their homestead. I had the cover of night to mask my escape, but that wouldn’t last long. Dawn on Ryloth was quickly nearing. Then, I heard shouting. “That one! In the cloak! Go, go, go!” Apparently the cover of night was not enough to protect me. The stormtroopers were growing ever nearer. That was when I felt my fist tighten around my knife, and my legs stop moving. What was I doing? I would not run. I was no coward. I would fight my way to freedom, even if that freedom came in the bleak form of death. I pivoted on my heal and took a fighting stance. The stormtroopers opened fire on me. I ducked to the side, narrowly avoiding being hit. I rushed at the nearest stormtrooper, shouldering him to the ground, pinning him with my forearm, lifting his helmet, and slitting his throat. The hot blood gushed up out the wound, splattering over my hands and knife. A blaster shot then narrowly missed my leg. I glanced up, my blue eyes fiery with anger and ferocity I grabbed the body and heaved it up in front of me. I used it as a shield from the incoming blaster fire. Using this advantage, I moved forward stabbing at storm troopers as I went. It did little to their armor, but it kept them at bay. I heard a deep throated shout from behind the ranks and the soldiers pulled back. I peered around the dead stormtrooper to see what had caused the sudden retreat. Before me stood a masked figure clothed all in black wielding a smoldering red lightsaber. Kylo Ren. “Desist. Now.” “Never,” I growled through bared teeth. He rushed at me, his lightsaber slicing cleanly through the armor, flesh, and bone of the dead stormtrooper I still held. He grabbed me by the throat and lifted me swiftly off of the ground. His gloved fingers squeezed tightly around my throat sufficiently cutting off my air supply. “You. You’re trouble. You fight when there is no hope for a victory against the first order. I should kill you. I should crush you as an example to your pathetic people. But… I can sense something. That was when it all went dark. I heard a vague echo of a deep, computerized voice ringing throughout my head. “Take her to the ship.” Chapter 3 : Kylo Ren Summary: Our main character is introduced to Kylo Ren aboard the finalizer. I woke with a start so violent that my back lifted from the chair I was strapped to and that my arms rose against the restraints. I was in a dimly lit room. A quick, surveying glance of the room revealed that it was metallic and sterile looking. I looked down at the metal restraints prohibiting my escape. I wiggled my wrists purposefully, futilely hoping that I might be able to struggle my way to freedom. This quite obviously proved unsuccessful. I slammed my head back against the chair. Ow. Big mistake. That crushed my lekku in a most uncomfortable way. A door, that was apparently behind me, slid open with a swoosh. I heard the sound of bootheels clicking together and the heavy thump of footfalls. “Has she woken yet?” a deep computerized voice questioned? “I am not sure, sir.” I remained quiet as Kylo Ren meandered around the holding chair to face me. I glared at him from underneath my eyelashes. I could feel him searching through my mind, reaching out, feeling with invisible fingers. What was he searching for? “You aren’t afraid.” “Why should I fear some pathetic attempt at a sith lord?” “I could kill you right now. All I have to do is raise my hand, you could be dead. That doesn’t frighten you?” I sneered at the masked creature that stood before me. “Fear is for the weak. Let the weak perish in their fruitless panic.” “Good. What is your name?” “Zozrutu.” He moved to my other side. “Zozrutu. You are strong. I can feel the force with you. It has a great presence in your very being. You are trained as well. That is rare.” He leaned in closer, his hand nearing my face. “But I can feel something more there… I can feel a desire. A desire not just to be stronger, a desire to rule, to be feared. I can see it. You stronger than you could ever be, crushing all who would oppose you. I can see that you are willing to do whatever it takes to take what is yours…” “So?” I growled “The supreme leader believes you could be an asset to us. He would be willing to continue your training. You would be my... equal.” His fists clenched. He released his fists, and he reached over the the control panel for the restraints. They released. I lifted my arm and rubbed my wrists. “Why should I join you? I have no loyalties to you or anyone else.” “No, you don’t. But your loyalties will develop. Until then, you will be under my close watch and tutelage. We know who you are. We know that you could be a powerful sith. Perhaps even earning the title of Darth.” I stood and I approached him threateningly. I squared back my shoulders. I extended my use of the force to encompass his mind. He allowed it. I searched for trickery, lies, deceit. I found anger, so much anger. Hatred, toward me. Jealousy. But also, a spark of hope. It was hard to tell, but it seemed to be hope that in working with he could surpass me and prove himself to Snoke, prove himself to the ghost of his grandfather. I could use this. I could use him. I stepped back. I stared straight into the eye slot of his mask. “I will meet with Snoke.” “No.” “What?” “No. You will not meet with the supreme leader. I will tell him of your allegiance to him and our cause. You will train with me. You will grow stronger than ever before. But you will not ever speak with the supreme Leader.” I bared my teeth and furrowed my brow. No. This was not how it would go. If I was to join the First Order, I would meet with Snoke. I would be in control of my own path. I would not be run around by some worthless human who had run from his family and failed to kill his own master when betraying him. No. “I. Will. Meet. With. Snoke.” “No.” I growled at the masked figure seething before me. He raised his hand and waved it before me. “You will do as I say.” I reached out one black gloved hand, cupping the air in front of me. Kylo Ren began to gag. he shot a hand out before him. My throat tightened, I gagged. We were deadlocked against each other, both using the force to attempt to make the other give in. He was strong, stronger than I expected… As strong as me. I hated this. “Enough!” We jolted, dropped our hands and turned. Standing before us, flanked on either side by stormtroopers was a tall ginger man. “General Hux. This is none of your concern.” Hux’s eyes narrowed. “On the contrary, Ren. The supreme leader wishes to speak with her.” Ren turned his back on us, fists shaking. The next second, he had his lightsaber in hand. He slashed at the wall furiously. His lightsaber sparked and crackled as it cut through the metal. The fragmented light swooshed and cut and sliced. His rage was going into every strike, that much was obvious. When he was done, his chest was heaving and his hands were still shaking. The lightsaber retracted. He turned and with his still labored breathing, spoke. “Fine… We will take her to the supreme leader.” Chapter 4 : Snoke Summary: Our main character meets Snoke, and is entreated with a rather interesting proposition. The three of us, Kylo Ren, Hux, and myself, entered an exceptionally spacious room. It was empty save for a long walkway and rather enormous holoprojector. Kylo Ren and HUx led the way whilst I lagged behind, observing. The walkway ended in a circular platform, which is where Kylo Ren and Hux had stopped. I fell into a place behind them, folding my arms across my chest. Soon enough, a hologram flickered to life, first a faint blue quickly reconciling to what I assumed were the natural colors of their “supreme leader”. The hologram was a superlative example of ginormity. It displayed a scarred humanoid, seated upon what appeared to be a simplified throne of sorts, clothed in lengthy dimly shadowed robes. It was Kylo Ren who spoke first. “We have brought her to you, my master,” the voice synthesizer boomed. “Good… Now leave us.” Kylo Ren started, and he stepped forward once more. “But--” “Leave us. Now,” Snoke growled. Hux pivoted on his heel, arms held behind his back, and exited the chamber. Kylo Ren remained for a moment. He raised his fist and tilted his head up as if he wanted to say something, but he let his head and hand fall before turning and swiftly and heavily stomping to the door and out of the chamber. Once he had gone I glanced up at Snoke. He had been watching me the whole time. His gigantic fingers tapped leisurely against the arm of his so called, by me, throne. Was he waiting for me to speak? “I’m told by your pet that you wish for me to join the First Order.” “That is incorrect.” “What?” “I want more than for you join the First Order. I wish for you to become my apprentice. You were trained in the ways of the light side of the force, but that is not enough for you. You want more than what that can offer you. You wish to be stronger; you cannot achieve that on your own. I can help you. Let me train you; let me show you the ways of the dark side of the force. Use my knowledge, and you will grow stronger than you can possibly conceive. Refuse me and your powers will wither and you will fall.” “I would expect my refusal would result in my immediate demise, or at least, your attempt at it.” Snoke remained unresponsive. “Killing you would be a waste. I searched your planet for all force receptive beings, and I was ultimately disappointed; until we found you. The force is strong with you, and your hatred for the world you live in is stronger. Learn to use that hatred and you shall accomplish great things.” “I thought Kylo Ren was your apprentice.” “I am training him, but he is not my apprentice, not yet. You can be trained and become your own master far more quickly, I believe.” I slowly stepped across the dark floor. Looking down, I could almost see my own reflection in the black surface. I could see my dark red lekku, wrapped in black ribbons, my blue eyes, myself, clothed in rags. I imagined myself, donning the robes of a sith, wielding a lightsaber, crushing all who stood in my way. I rather liked that image. “Alright,” I said, “I will be your apprentice.” Chapter 5 : Lightsaber Summary: After agreeing to be the apprentice of Snoke, our main character returns to her quarters to build her new lightsaber. I exited the hologram chamber, with a satisfied swagger evident in my step. Kylo Ren was there waiting for me upon reentry into the hall. He stood erect beside the door, fingers tapping out a beat along the hilt of his lightsaber. I swept my red lekku over my raggedly clothed shoulder. We stared at each other in silence. “Well?” He asked. “Well?” I retorted, standing akimbo. “Are with us, or against us?” I paused, lips pursed. I held out my hand to the sith. “I’m with you, I suppose.” He swatted my hand away. He began to walk away, leaving me by the door. “Follow me.” He led me past the control room, down a weaving and winding hallway. He stopped in front of a sliding door, labeled E45-P. He crossed his arms across his chest, and he jerked his head to the side. I pressed the button on the control panel that lay beside the door. It slid open with a swooshing sound. I peered around the frame of the door and into the dark room. It was a sparsely furnished bedroom. It contained a workspace with a small stool, small bed, a wardrobe, and a bookshelf absolutely teeming with volumes of texts, all of which I assumed contained a complete as possible knowledge of the force. I glanced back over at Kylo Ren, waiting the masked man to speak. “This is to be your quarters.” I took another look inside. My satchel had been placed on the bed. Slowly, I entered. Kylo Ren stomped away, and the door shut in his wake. I took a surveying glance around the small, dark room. It was better than the caves of Ryloth I had grown accustomed to. I edged over to my satchel, picked it up, and dumped its contents onto the worksurface. Pieces of mechanisms, wires, circuit boards, et cetera spilled across the black desk. Among these apparent odds and ends of machinery lay a single kyber crystal. I picked it up, turning it over and over in my hands. It refracted the light magnificently. It had a bluish gleam to it. It was perfect, uncracked, unlike Kylo Ren’s. It was taken from my grandfather’s, Capnogi’s, destroyed lightsaber. I sat down at my workspace, ready to begin. I worked well into the night, constructing, mechanizing, perfecting my new lightsaber. It took me hours to complete, but by what I assumed was midnight I had accomplished my goal. I stood, held my newly made lightsaber out to my side. I pressed the button on the side, and out shot a line of pure crimson red. I was ready to train. Chapter 6 : Training Summary: Our Main character begins her training with Kylo Ren. I awoke the next morning feeling accomplished and well rested, just before a loud banging sounded at my door. Rising from the bed, I swept the coarsely woven blankets off of my body. I swung my legs off of the bed and stood up. The door slid open after I walked over to the control panel and pressed the blue button. Kylo Ren stood in front of the doorway, in all of his oh so menacing glory. “You have fifteen minutes before we begin training.” “Does that include the time it takes to find the training room?” I snarkily replied. He said nothing for a few minutes. “Go change your clothing. You now have thirteen minutes.” I pressed the blue button again, and the door slid shut once more. I wandered over to the wardrobe. It opened at my touch. I chose a black skintight jumpsuit with a black corset, black belt, and matching black boots. To finish off the whole ensemble, I took the black headpiece from my satchel and placed atop my head, pulling the flaps over my ear cones. Lastly I tightened the ribbons that were wrapped around the ends of my lekku. Grabbing my lightsaber and strapping it to my belt, I stepped over to the door and opened it again. Kylo Ren was still there. “Follow me,” his voice synthesizer boomed, and I followed somewhat begrudgingly. We meandered through the corridors of the star destroyer, passing by several astral viewing stations. Eventually we arrived at a door that was, unsurprisingly, new to me. He pressed a button on the control panel that rested beside the door, and the door opened with a swoosh. We stepped inside of the room. It was exceptionally spacious, with dark gray, paneled walls and a black solid floor, punching bags were anchored to the ceiling and floor, and blasters with human target mannequins lay tantalizingly in the back. I looked around, taking in the room. I turned to Kylo Ren. He stood in front of me with arms crossed across his chest. I supposed that he was ready to train. “What first?” He pulled out his lightsaber and lunged toward me. I immediately reached over for my own lightsaber. I held it out and pressed the button. A single perfect line of blood red shimmered out before me only to be pressed back toward me by Kylo Ren’s flickering, sparking, unsteady lightsaber. The sparks flew, singeing my cheek ever so slightly. He was strong. I hated to admit it, but he was stronger than I was. He pushed the red laser of my lightsaber toward my torso. I pressed back only for Kylo Ren to forgo giving me a single inch. My teeth were gritted against each other, and my hands were clenched around the hilt of the lightsaber so tightly that it hurt. That's when I saw my opening. In order to keep this increasing pressure on the laser like blade up, he had leaned most of his weight toward me. I swept my foot behind his ankle and leapt backwards. He stumbled for a millisecond before countering. He swung his arm back and practically threw his lightsaber into my face. I swiftly raised my lightsaber and ducked back at the same time, narrowly avoiding his attack. He swung his lightsaber wielding arm back again. I folded in on myself and rolled out of the way of the strike, instantly afterward leaping to my feet into a defensive stance. He circled around my, idly twirling his lightsaber. “Is blocking and running all you can do?” As he mocked me his words echoed in my head. My mind flooded with memories of training with wooden swords with my father, memories of pain and defeat as I fell to his superior strength. Would this be like all those times? No. Now was not the time to be worrying about trivial and petty things such as that. Now was the time to defeat Kylo Ren. I rushed forward, holding my lightsaber horizontally in front of my stomach, both as a means of defense from from his strike of retaliation and as a means sliding my way around his lightsaber and attempting a strike to his vulnerable left side. His lightsaber was there before I could even push forward for a strike. He sent me reeling backwards, towards the wall. My shoulder hit the paneled surface with a striking thump! I turned my body away just as his lightsaber came careening into the wall where my head had once been. Was he trying to train me or kill me? It was likely the latter, I thought in the back of my mind. “You are weak,” he mused. “How could you ever possibly hope to become a sith with such a pathetic lack of strength. I doubt you could even rise to so much as land a single hit even in a place I left vulnerable. I made it easy for you and you still failed. What a miserable existence, even for a creature quite as pathetic as you.” I could feel my teeth grinding as I seethed in my absolute rage. My father’s voice flashed through my head echoing the gist of Kylo Ren’s words. “Pathetic! You are a disgrace!” I lunged at Kylo Ren, swinging my lightsaber forward, straight forwards his masked face. Kylo Ren matched my strike with his own lightsaber. “Get up! There is no rest for the weak, like you!” My hand formed. A fist and I swiftly cocked it ready to strike Kylo Ren right in the jaw while my other hand held my lightsaber in the ongoing power struggle against his. Before I could even swing my fist up to his mask, he held of a hand and I found that I couldn't move my arm. It wasn't until he stepped away that I realized his hold on me extended to very extremities of my body. I struggled against the force that he was using to prevent the littlest movement from me, but I found I was unable to move. My father’s voice was screaming within my mind now. “You are nothing but a blight on Capnogi’s legacy! Why don't you just run away and hide like the sheep you are? This a world for wolves alone! Go on then! Run you waste of a Twi’lek!” Kylo Ren began to speak as he circled around my motionless form. “You are weak. You are irrational. Whatever training you have had, you are quick to forget in favor of cheap tactics that will have the slightest of chances for granting you a quick and easy victory. The supreme leader sees potential in you. I, however, do not, but the supreme leader is never wrong. He is wise. There must be something holding you back. Delve into the depths of your consciousness. Find it. Destroy it.” He released his hold on me and assumed a more relaxed position of stance. I closed my eyes, slowly. I tried to focus my mind on my goals and what could be keeping me from them, but. Y father’s voice just continued to scream at me, insult me, berate me. I tried to silence him, to no avail. Then, I reached my epiphany. I knew what was preventing me from becoming stronger, preventing me from becoming a true Sith Lord. I opened my eyes and turned to Kylo Ren. If I could see the look on his face, I would assume it to be expectant. I retracted my lightsaber and put it back on my belt. I tightened my black gloves and spoke. “Take me back to Ryloth.” Chapter 7 : Home Summary: Our main character returns to her home planet to confront that which makes her weak. The ship landed in a cloud of dust that it had created whilst slowly hovering close to the ground. It was night. The stars shone like the tears of child, and the glow of the multiple moons reflected and glimmered in my shaded eyes. We had landed at the base of a volcano. It was mildly active. Heat radiated from the top of the mountainous, natural structure. The night sky was a light with the liquid fire boiling from the top of the volcano. A small hut stood at the volcano’s base. It was decrepit, appearing as if it had once been a metallic grayish-blue due to the patches of the aforementioned color peeking through the red rusting exterior. Once the hatch of the ship had lowered, I exited the vehicle, cloaked in a dark robe with my hood raised. I have returned to the place I once called home. I walked across the unstable ground to the small hut. He had emerged from the hut before I reached the door. He strutted towards me, meeting me halfway. He was a green-skinned Twi’lek, with short lekku that were draped casually over his broad shoulders. He tugged the lobe of his humanoid ears, so unlike my ear cones. He crossed his arms over his burlap clothed chest, wrinkling his simple robe. He was just as I remembered him, still just as muscle covered, just as stern faced. Perhaps his face revealed a few more wrinkles though. Perhaps. “Kurcifor,” I growled through clenched teeth. He tossed his head back and laughed. He swept his robe aside so as to adjust his position so that he was standing akimbo. His teeth gleamed in the reddened light. “You once called me father. Or have you forgotten who you leaned on?” “That time has long since passed.” “I suppose that you think you’ve come here to kill me.” Kurcifor smirked menacingly. “You always were trouble, just like your mother. She never wanted this for you. She wanted you to be a simple wife.” “So you killed her.” “I did what I had to. I tried to make you great.” “I am great, and I will become even greater, after I kill you.” “How will you kill me when you cannot even defeat me?” I swiftly pulled my lightsaber from my belt and pressed the button on the side. The red laser stream shot forth out of the hilt of my saber. His eyes widened, slightly. He stared at my lightsaber, in what I assumed was shock. “Where did you get that?” “I built it. From Capnogi’s lightsaber.” “Impossible! That lightsaber was beyond repair.” “Maybe, but not beyond reconstruction.” We stood apart from each other, each of us sizing the other one up. Then, I lunged at him. He sidestepped, barely missing my lightsaber. He raised his leg and kicked back my lightsaber wielding arm, ducking his torso and arm down, sweeping his hand across the ground. He threw a fistful of dirt into my eyes. Stupidly, I raised a hand to my eyes. He used this opportunity to lower his leg and attempt to wrench the lightsaber from my fist. I refused to let go. He grunted and continued the struggle. I cocked back my fist and punched Kurcifor squarely in his strained, green throat. he gagged and stepped back, releasing the lightsaber. I swung back my arm and plunged my lightsaber deep into Kurcifor’s chest. He fell to his knees. I yanked the lightsaber from his chest, holding it askew. His hands flew to the burning hole in his torso. He coughed and blood came out of his gaping mouth. I looked down on this scene with disgust. “You are weak. You are no wolf. You weren’t even worth the kill, but now, because of this, I can move on. I can become stronger than you ever were. I will, in fact, become stronger than you ever were. I will train under Supreme Leader Snoke and become the strongest, most powerful sith that ever did live or die.” He fell on his side, finally dead. I stood for a moment, revelling in the kill, before returning to the ship. I swept my cloak out of my way as I boarded the ship. The stormtroopers parted at my return, each staring at me, waiting for my command. I turned to the pilot. “Return to the star destroyer. And send a transmission telling Kylo Ren that he should be ready to train upon my return.” The pilot saluted me and returned his attention to the ship’ controls. I turned back to the ship’s doors, and I watched as they slowly closed. I watched as Kurcifor’s lifeless mass slowly disappeared from sight, and I knew, in my heart, that I was well on my way to my destiny. Chapter 8 : Darth Decin Summary: Having eliminated what stood in her way, our main character embraces her destiny. I emerged from the ship and glided down onto the main deck of the star destroyer. Kylo Ren was there waiting for me. His mask was as unreadable as ever, however, his chin was tilted up at me. I didn’t need to use the force to feel the confident aura radiating from the very core of his being. His arms rested at his side, his fingers twitching toward his lightsaber just slightly. The stormtroopers milled about their duties, carefully avoiding Kylo Ren. Now was the time? “Well?” he said. I brushed past his shoulder, allowing myself to bump into him to show my own confident demeanor. “Meet me in the training room,” I growled out, just loud enough for him alone to hear. I continued on my way through the winding corridors of the star destroyer, easily finding my way to the training chamber. The room was empty, save for equipment and myself, again. I eyed a spot in the middle of the floor. It would make sense to prepare myself. After all, soon would be the moment of my crowning achievement. I sat on this spot I had marked with my eyes, folding my legs on top of eachother. I cleared my head of the giddiness that had come from killing Kurcifor. I cleared my head of all of the glory, confidence, and of the glimmer of sadness that had emerged at some point. I began to meditate. I began to make myself one with the anger that resided within me, and the dark side of the force swiftly welcomed itself into the expanse of my mind. I opened my eyes at the buzzing and crackling sound of a lightsaber. Kylo Ren was there, and I was ready. He rushed at me, swinging his lightsaber about wildly. I ducked down, over my legs, stretching them out behind me, and I grabbed Kylo Ren’s foot and pulled, hard. His leg slid forward, and I rolled beneath his flailing lightsaber, grabbing my own off of my belt. When his lightsaber swung down once more to strike at me, the laser blade of my crimson lightsaber met his. He swung back his lightsaber wielding arm again, and I took this opportunity to spring up to my feet. His lightsaber rushed toward my face. I quickly brought my own lightsaber into the air in front of Kylo Ren’s, effectively blocking his attack. That was how it went for the next two minutes. He would swing back his arm, his lightsaber would come crashing forward, and I would block his attack. Swing, forward, block; swing, forward, block; swing, forward block. Finally I had begun to anticipate his movements. It was time to end the defensive tactics and attack. His arm flew backwards, thrusting his opposite shoulder towards me. When his lightsaber clashed with mine, his opposite shoulder moved back. I flung out my arm, using the force to push him off balance. I spun back my lightsaber, swung it over my arm, past his lightsaber, and directly into his shoulder. I then hooked my foot around his loadbearing ankle, and swiftly tugged his leg forward, knocking him onto his back, his lightsaber flinging itself out of his hand, with my pull of the force. He raised his head to see my form standing over him with my lightsaber, as red as blood the blood flowing from his open wound, pointed directly at the center of his neck. “Make a move,” I growled. “I dare you.” He said nothing, and I couldn’t tell if the shaking that had overcome his bodily being was from pure, unadulterated anger or from the pain that was likely throbbing in his shoulder. He made no move against me. I stepped back and admired my handiwork as I flipped my long lekku over my shoulder. I allowed the glory and confidence to overcome me once more as I sneered down Kylo Ren’s pathetic form. I called for a stormtrooper while Kylo Ren picked himself up off of the floor. He was no longer shaking. He reached for his lightsaber. When the stormtrooper arrived, I spoke. “Dress his wounds,” I commanded. Turning to Kylo Ren, I spoke to him. “You will contact Snoke. You will tell him yourself of your defeat. Am I understood?” He said nothing. I sneered again and sauntered away to my quarters. I heard screaming and the sound of a lightsaber cutting into the wall repeatedly as I walked off. It was an hour later that a storm trooper came knocking at my door. He said Kylo Ren wanted me in the holo-projection chamber at once. I brushed past the stormtrooper with the utmost contempt. I arrived at the chamber in a short amount of time. Upon entering I found both the massive projection of Snoke and a cleanly clothed and likely bandaged Kylo ren staring at me. Snoke bid Kylo ren to leave the chamber, leaving the two of us alone. “Supreme Leader,” I murmured up to the gargantuan projection of the scarred creature before me. “You went to Ryloth.” “Yes. Memories of my father’s disappointment in me were holding me back. So, I destroyed him.” “Good. And you defeated Kylo Ren.” “Easily.” “Do not boast. Your training is far from complete. You have earned little, however, you have earned your place as my apprentice as well as a new name for yourself.” I smirked. “From this day forth, you shall no longer be known as Zozrutu of the Twi’lek.” I kneeled before the supreme leader, humbling myself before his power. “From this day onward, you will be known as Darth Decin. Rise my apprentice.” I stood, renewed. I was no longer the pathetic Twi’lek I had once been. I was and am a sith. An apprentice to the supreme leader. I am Darth Decin. The End Series this work belongs to: Part 1 of the Darth Decin: The Creation of a Sith series