all it entails is living so why are we so tense? “Pava?” Poe’s eyebrows pulled together, half confused and half feeling out the question for weak spots. It was the expression he wore most often when called to General Organa’s chambers, since she was nearly always twelve steps ahead and three steps to one side of him. “That’s her name, isn’t it?” The General knew perfectly well, and Poe knew that she knew. “Yes, sir.” “Well, what are your impressions of her?” Poe took a moment, weighed his words. “Positive, sir. She’s smart. Solid. A good pilot.” “Is she Force-sensitive?” The General had that look in her eye, the one that usually ended with Poe in some foolhardy, ridiculous, impossible plan that worked way too often and made him too excited and happy. He hated that look and loved it in equal measure. “No more than anyone else, any good pilot, I mean.” “Tell me about her.” The General ruffled through a half-dozen maps, the paper faded and nearly thin enough to see through. Poe thought, though he couldn’t be certain, that she grinned behind them. Poe tried for a shrug, ended up with his shoulders up around his ears like a child. “Smart, like I said. She’s from Dandoran, big family. Parents were smugglers, died when she was a kid. Not superstitious, not like Snap is, but she’s intuitive. Calm under fire. Reliable with the—with the squadron.” Somehow he’d avoided saying “with the ladies,” which was equally accurate, but the General looked like she knew what he’d almost said. She usually had that look. “She sounds…interesting. I’ve heard rumors from the other pilots, contrary to what you’ve said, that she’s quite Force-sensitive. Foresight, that kind of thing.” The General put on a face of unconcern. “You say she isn’t, or not noticeably so?” Poe shook his head. “Not, I mean, sorry sir, I wouldn’t say that. The foresight, it’s not like you think.” He tried to explain: when Pava got a feeling about something, or did something or said something that didn’t make sense, it usually worked out. She might, say, dress more warmly than needed, and then it would snow. Or she might get a bad feeling about a particular part of a mission and then that would be the part that screwed up, that nearly killed them all. Or she might gravitate toward a person at a particular time and then it turned out that the person really needed her right then. The third had been him, more than once, and the rest of the squadron occasionally. “What I mean, sir, is that it’s not a reliable kind of foresight. It’s never clear and even she doesn’t really understand it in the moment. Only later.” General Organa nodded. “Sounds about right. It hits some people like that.” “What hits them, sir?” “The Force. For some people it’s something small like good luck at finding lost things, or a good sense of direction. For pilots, most of the time, it’s quick reflexes and maybe a tiny hint of foresight.” She half smiled. “For you, maybe quicker reflexes than most. For this Pava, sounds like she got a bit of both.” “Yes, sir.” He still didn’t agree, not really, but there was never a point in arguing too hard with the General. “Go get her. I want to talk to her.” “About what, sir?” His face blanched. “Pardon my asking, sir, but Pava’s just back from that recon with Oddy, she’s probably dead to the world right now.” “I understand your concern for your pilots, Dameron. I’m not going to eat her alive. I have a mission for her, once she’s rested up and ready.” “Yes, sir.” “Dismissed.” “Thank you, sir.” He didn’t tell the General the whole truth, but he didn’t lie, either. Pava had always been a little bit mystic, was the thing. Not religious, not superstitious - so many pilots are, have half a hundred baubles and charms jingling all over their flight suits, say a special prayer and do a dance before they get in the cockpit. Snap could build a second fighter with the crap he’d picked up from every drunk false prophet on every forsaken backwater planet this side of the Rim. Not Pava. She was smart, sensible, careful. But the foresight thing had always been a little spooky. It scared her, even, or maybe not scared exactly but unsettled. He hadn’t lied when he said she never understood it when it happened. She always seemed confused when it hit her, like something was compelling her to act or say or do something. Like she wasn’t in control. Like she couldn’t stop herself. Maybe that’s why the General thought it was the Force, but from what Poe knew about the Force, it didn’t — the Force wasn’t supposed to be a compelling kind of thing, at least in the stories. It flowed, it didn’t insist; it guided, didn’t control. That was the point, he was pretty sure, of some of the holodramas he’d grown up loving: that when you didn’t listen to the Force, things went wrong. The implied truth, then, had to be that the Force wasn’t supposed to force people to do a thing, that people were supposed to choose to heed it or not. But the General was plenty Force-sensitive herself, and she had a Jedi for a brother and grew up with more real knowledge about them than has been turned into children’s stories in Poe’s time. Maybe the stories were wrong, or Poe’s half-remembered childhood meetings with a couple of Jedi were wrong, or any number of ways he could be wrong. He didn’t tell the General about the time Pava had gotten a bad feeling about a mission three years ago and had somehow ignored it, pushed it back, and that they’d come back six pilots short. That Pava had disappeared for nearly a week after that, showed up in a half-bar-half-brothel on one of the poorest and dirtiest desert planets. How it’d taken Poe and three of the brawniest pilots in the fleet to subdue her and bring her back. How she’d immediately given in to her impulses since then, but had traded off trusting herself to do it. She was still a sharp, terrifyingly good pilot, but she was afraid, too. The things the Force, or whatever it was, told her to do didn’t make sense, but she’d stopped even trying to fight them. She did what it told her, now, hopped to and didn’t question. While the results were hard to argue with, when those feelings or urges didn’t come, Pava almost seemed lost. She’d pick apart missions for hours, waiting for a feeling, when she was more than capable of pointing out the bad ideas and possible traps with her own brain. It infuriated Poe to see, but he couldn’t find the words. How would he even broach the subject? “Hey Pava, you know how you’re kind of crazy but in a way that is occasionally really gods-damned useful? And you know how you’ve got this trauma about it because you ignored it that one time and some people died? Fuck that noise, you’re awesome.” That was as far as he’d ever gotten in planning it out in his head, and despite all outward appearances, Poe Dameron liked to have a plan. Not necessarily a good one, just a plan. Half a plan usually got his pilots dead or hurt, and less than that wasn’t worth acting on yet. The bit he’d written out in his head wasn’t even half, so he kept it there, picked at it once in a while, watched Pava carefully. He realized he was still standing just outside the General’s map room. BB-8 wasn’t around, which meant she was probably with Finn or charging back at the quarters. He thought that maybe he ought to go find her, talk through what he was thinking in binary. Binary was incredibly difficult for him to speak, but he liked talking to BB-8 in her own language, one that took him effort to use but took her nearly as much work to understand. The extra work to express himself, especially emotions (binary wasn’t great at emotions) sometimes shook something loose, helped him see his way through a problem. BB-8 always laughed at his face when he had a binary-induced epiphany. Apparently his accent was deplorable, and he looked like a small child receiving a gift. “Poe!” A shout drove that idle thought out of his head, and he could feel a grin spread across his face. “Poe Dameron!” “Well, aren’t you a sight for sore eyes?” Poe reached one hand out, grasped the other man’s shoulder. Finn ducked his head sheepishly, and Poe couldn’t stop himself. “Best thing I’ve seen all day.” A blush spread across Finn’s face. “Shut up.” “Nope, won’t.” Poe pulled Finn closer to him. “Missed you at breakfast. PT?” “Yeah,” Finn relaxed just a hair, stopped trying to hide the smile on his face. “It’s going all right, I mean, it’s boring, but it’s helping. Barely needed this thing today.” He nodded down at his walking stick. “Anyway, came to tell you that Pava wants you.” “Funny, I want to talk to Pava.” Poe squeezed Finn’s shoulder hard, just once, a promise for later. “She in the mess?” “Yeah. BB-8’s back in my quarters, resting. Want her?” “No, no, she’s fine with you. Have her show you some vids, yeah?” “The Poe Dameron Failure Files?” Finn grinned then, wicked and happy, and Poe didn’t stop himself from leaning forward and pressing their lips together. “Yes,” he said, when they broke apart with only a little gasping. “The Poe Dameron Failure Files, Volume Three: that time I tried to fly an A-wing on radar only and ended up, well, you’ll see.” Finn’s free hand had come up to grasp Poe’s elbow during the kiss. He gave it a squeeze now, a goodbye and a see you later in one. Poe strode off, took a few steps, then turned around. “You said the mess, right?” Finn laughed so loudly he didn’t hear Poe swear at him in binary. No matter what planet the Resistance was holed up on at the time, the mess was always dark, always close quarters, and always smelled like day-old vegetable stew. With all the different races and species in the fleet, vegetable stew had been quickly seized upon as the least likely food to kill or offend anyone, so that was what they almost always had to offer. It was also cheap and infinitely customizable based on what they could forage and grow themselves wherever they were based. If they won this war, and Poe believed that they would, it would be on the strength of a million vegetables grown on a dozen wildly different planets, all turned into soft brown stew. The problem for Poe was that he hated it. Well, he hadn’t hated it initially. He’d had more than his fair share of bad mess hall slop in the Academy and then on the front for a while. He had at first welcomed the rich vegetables, the hearty stew, the warmth. When he’d been briefly stationed on Derenath, a hellish ice planet in the middle of a bunch of other equally hellish planets, the warmth had made him love it. But not for long. Poe had been raised with a brilliant, opinionated mother and a clever, creative father, and the food in his house had been nothing like the brown stew with whatever vegetables thrown in. He missed spices, he missed color, he missed texture. He missed good food, food that was fun and exciting, food that was more than just warmth and calories to keep him going. Finn and Rey, of course, had no such qualms. He’d caught both of them stealing extra freeze-dried stew rations and big hunks of bread and whatever portable fruit they could find, tucking them in their robes and stashing them in their rooms. That they both did it told him more about Finn than about Rey - he’d seen Jakku for himself, knew the scarcity she’d grown up in. Knew, too, that she’d not been a food thief before. Her, he’d given a firm lecture, all about honesty and not stealing. “There will always be food here for you,” he’d said, moving his head to meet her eyes. “You don’t have to steal it. You don’t have to pay for it, either, but please don’t steal it. If you’re hungry, come to the mess. They’ll always feed you. I promise.” That’d stopped her stealing, he thought, although she’d shortly left on that mission to find Luke Skywalker, so he couldn’t take much credit. Finn had been different. Poe knew on some level that the First Order used food as punishment, as bribery, as a brainwashing tool. He wasn’t stupid, he watched the holovids, he read the reports from the Resistance’s spies. What he hadn’t realized, because he’d never thought about it, was that “food” to the First Order was nothing like food to any thinking being to begin with. When he’d confronted Finn gently about the stealing, the story that had burst forth was nothing like what he’d expected. It wasn’t just that soldiers who didn’t succeed didn’t eat, or that rations were cut at random to keep everyone on edge, or that three days’ starvation was a common punishment for the smallest infraction. It was that even when they did get to eat (never as much as they wanted, never enough to feel full), they ate either flavorless protein blocks or flavorless protein slop. The blocks, Finn had explained with a dead voice that made Poe ache to hear, were worse. They were hard as bricks and took ages to eat. The few First Order soldiers who weren’t being punished for anything got no more than fifteen minutes’ feeding time twice a day, and it was nearly impossible to get the block soft enough to eat in that time. Finn had haltingly described the methods First Order soldiers used. “You could try to break the block up, but they were just the wrong size to do that. Some of us tried to crumble them, or crush them, but they just…smooshed, gave a tiny bit, and you’d put your whole weight on it but nothing happened.” And then, he’d explained, you were punished for playing with your food instead of eating it. The slop was better, as it was at least swallowable, but it was always served either near-frozen or boiling hot. “Hot slop was a small punishment,” Finn had said, “not as bad as starvation, because you’d burn your mouth and hands trying to eat it.” Oh, there was that, too: the First Order didn’t offer utensils. Poe hadn’t had the heart to lecture him about the stealing after that. “If you need to take something to feel safe, you can do that, okay? But you don’t—I mean, there will always be food here. You can always come eat, and you can take your time. You don’t have to wait for when everyone else is eating, there’ll at least be bread and fruit here any time you come. I promise, you can eat whatever you need, whenever you need to. Okay?” Finn had nodded, but Poe was pretty sure he still had a stash of bread and fruit and freeze-dried stew under his bed. He still ate like someone might take his bowl away. He still seemed so wondrous, so grateful for the bare minimum, so overwhelmed by the possibility of more. It made Poe ache. Today, though, what mattered to him wasn’t the smell of brown stew or the darkness, the closeness, the way the mess always seemed smaller on the inside than it really should. What mattered to Poe was the slight, dark-haired woman playing (probably cheating) four other pilots in a game. Poe was pretty sure they were playing Horansi, or something like it if the seven red dice and two different decks of cards were anything to go by. If it was Horansi or a variant, the other pilots had to have been especially drunk or stupid to let Pava play, since she’d always beaten the pants off of every Outer Rim smuggler in every bar they’d visited. “You letting Pava cheat you?” He clapped Bastian on the back, grinned at the other pilots. “Stupid of you.” “She’s losing, Commander, we’re fine.” Snap’s normally tight-wound expression looked relaxed and open, which was probably why Pava chose that moment to destroy him. “Three and out, children. I’ll take those, thank you.” She scooped up the counters they used to bet with a wide grin while her fellow pilots groaned and complained. Poe laughed. “Told you, didn’t I? Don’t play cards with Pava if you don’t want to lose hot water for a week.” He shook a finger at her in mock anger. “Selfish, you.” The smaller woman shrugged, her wide grin unwavering. “I’m not going to keep all of them, Commander. I’ll divvy them out for favors, like always.” She shot Snap, the loudest complainer, a wink. “If Snap asks nice, I might even forget to tell his wife he lost all his hot water for the month.” “Can I speak to you alone?” Poe said in a low voice, just enough that Pava caught it under the noisy complaints and jokes. “My quarters, soon as you’re free?” “Yes, sir, of course, sir.” She glanced down at her arms full of hot water tokens. “If it’s about the—“ Poe made a face at her. “Like I care. No, this is something else. Sensitive, you hear?” “Yes, sir, thank you, sir.” She gave the sharp nod they used in lieu of a salute most days and watched Poe walk away. The groans and complaining had turned to wheedling, trying to get into her good graces and get their hot water back. Jessika Pava stopped by her quarters to drop off the hot water counters. The box in which she kept her winnings was already nearly full; she should really start giving them away. Poe Dameron’s boyfriend deserved a few long, hot showers, probably. She sought the comfort of thinking about his face lit up in that smile, but found nothing. No joy for you here, Pava , she thought. Her emotions were drained, strangely empty, and she knew that it was the feeling, the strange compulsion threatening to come again. She closed her eyes and sat wrapped in on herself on her cot, the way her mother had sat in meditation. She took deep, slow, even breaths, and waited. It would come soon, and she would do or say the thing that was necessary, and she quelled the fear that screamed at her to run, to hide, to fight back. The feeling didn’t cause her any lasting harm, not really, not from a certain point of view. It hurt in the moment but faded once she obeyed, and so she hopped to it fast enough almost every time. She should have expected it now, tonight, so long since the last time (a flash of loathing in her, that bar on Rhommamool, that sick sensation of wanting a quiet end and an endless darkness). It came unpredictably, but always returned, just when she thought it had gone. At the Academy, they had tested her for Force sensitivity, as they tested all pilots. She’d been found to have nothing more than the usual, reflexes a bit faster than usual, maybe a hint of foresight, but nothing like this. This hadn’t shown up on the tests, despite her trying to hard to make it happen so someone else would know, would see, so she would be free of the burden of it. Instead, it had only grown slowly, carefully, over time, and she wasn’t sure now if it had always been this painful and powerful and merely unearthed itself more over time or if it had truly developed stronger as she got older. She knew, regardless, that there had come a moment when she had realized what it was and why, when she tried to ignore it, she felt nauseated and tired and hurt all over. The Force was powerful, and its will would not be ignored lightly. Perhaps that’s what Jedi knights actually learned back in the old days: how to ignore the Force, how to shape it to their own wants, not to be pushed around by it. For one sharp, shining moment, she had seen herself in a Jedi robe, wielding a lightsaber, commanding the Force, but the robe and lightsaber were as a child would draw them, and her best conception of commanding the Force was something out of an old holovid, and the hope in that vision faded. No hero stories, Pava , her thoughts told her. With it came the compulsion, and she was up and out of her room before her next breath. Whatever happened next would be the will of the Force, and her breathing would shudder and her joints would ache. She would be injured, maybe, but nothing too severe, something she could wave away as clumsiness or drunkenness, and the important thing was that the Force would leave her alone for a while after it was done. The compulsion would ebb back out of her mind, out of her limbs, and let her be as close to a whole person as possible for a few days, a week, a month or two. The pain, the nausea, the loss of control: they all hurt, all stung, all loitered around in her soul afterwards. But she had made the bargain, had made the choice at the beginning, and it wouldn’t do her any good to start fighting it now. The respite from the Force, the power of the Force’s will, this almost-a-Jedi-in-ways existence, this chance to help, they had to be worth all of this, didn’t they? At least a little? Afterwards, aching and sick to her stomach, not quite sure what she had done or for (or to) whom, she straggled up to Dameron’s door. Knocked loudly. She’d learned that lesson before, burst in on the two of them without meaning to, embarrassed Finn more than her or Poe, but she knocked now. They all did. Relearned some semblance of privacy after the gods only knew how long in the Academy and on the run, and it was nice, in a way. To knock. To have this division of personal life again, like they were all their own people and all individual. Fragmentation always sounded bad, Pava knew, but it could help sometimes. “Come in,” Poe called through the door, shattered Pava’s reverie. “You wanted to see me, sir,” she hid her hands behind her back. One wrist felt off, stiff, as if she’d torn something, and that’d be a bitch to explain to the med droids; her shoulders ached, too, and she thought she felt cool air seeping through a tear in her tunic, but she’d need time to figure it out. Time to map the damage she’d done to herself, match it to damage done elsewhere, find the path the Force had dragged her along, and make whatever amends were needed. The time spent cleaning up after the Force was time she resented, always, her whole life, and if that resentment came with the flavor of penance, of working off a debt she didn’t remember accruing to a lender she didn’t know for an amount she’d never been told, well. “The General wants to see you, actually, but I wanted to—“ Poe broke off. “You all right, Pava? You look pale.” She flexed her toes, hidden in her flight boots, in lieu of shaking the thoughts out of her head. Pasted on a sardonic smile. Snorted. “Yeah, mother, I’m fine.” Careful, Pava , but Poe just smiled, shook one finger at her like a character in a holo. “Sorry, sir, just tired. From the recon with Oddy, you know.” “How’d that go?” Pava gave a one-shoulder shrug. “Same as always. Base looks abandoned. There’s a good-size boma colony on the other side of the salt sea, but they shouldn’t cross over until the next migration. Oddy thinks that might happen during the next orbit, a few cycles from now, and then we’d have six or seven seasons to build before we’d need to be safe from the things coming back the other way.” “We’d need a moat, some reinforcements,” Poe scribbled notes on a pad. “I’ll get Oddy’s report, he’ll have the atmo readings. I expect your formal report before the end of the week, unless the General gives you something else to do.” “Why’s she want to see me, sir?” Poe looked up. “I have no idea, Pava. Keep yourself safe. Trust your gut, will you? And get me that report if you can.” He dipped back down, hid his face in the cloud of his hair, said no more. She could hear what he wasn’t saying, clear as a bell, and she knew when she’d been dismissed. “Sir.” The General looked up from her map-strewn desk. “Ah, you must be Pava.” “Yes, sir.” Pava snapped her sharpest salute, stood at her straightest attention, and tried very hard to swallow down the nervous excitement that always bubbled up in her when the General was around. Her arms ached from whatever the compulsion had had her do. She thought, given the particular way her wrist ached and the grease she’d found under her nails, it might have had something to do with a fighter, and she would have feared sabotage if it hadn’t felt more like she’d done something helpful. The feeling never let her really know what had happened, not for a while anyway. The salute hadn’t helped her wrist hurt any less. “They call you ‘Testor,’ is that right?” Pava made a gesture that, had Prindel been around, would have read as slight discomfort, maybe sheepishness. “In the Academy they did, sir. Not so much here. I mostly use Pava.” “I’ve noticed that the pilots have started using last names more than nicknames,” the General mused as she examined one of half a dozen screens on her desk. “Or even first names, for that matter. Anyone call you Jessika?” The flush that crept up on Pava’s face could have heated half the base. “No, uh, no sir. Not in…professional settings, sir.” For a moment the General looked almost confused, but then it clicked. “Ah. Personal situations, then?” The barest hint of a wicked grin. “Sir, yes, sir.” Oh goddess, let me melt into the floor and disappear. “I suppose I’ll stick with calling you Pava, then.” “Yes, sir.” A flood of relief. “Thank you, sir.” “You know why you’re here?” “Sir, no sir. Commander Dameron didn’t say, sir.” He’d instead, she didn’t say, given her a very cryptic warning, or at least it had felt that way. You’re saying ‘sir’ too much, Pava . “My brother — do you know my brother?” “Luke Skywalker, sir?” Tread carefully, Pava. “Yes, sir. He’s a Jedi. Maybe the last, sir. Disappeared a decade or so ago.” Pava took a deep breath. What she knew of the General, of who the General had been once, made her want so much to break the tension. What she knew of the General now made her terrified to joke. Now or never, Pava . “Supposed to be a damn fine pilot, too,” a hasty addition, “begging your pardon, sir.” At that, a laugh burst from the General, and Pava could see the Leia from the stories, the warrior princess, the crack shot, the rebellious schemer. Still there, still laughing, under the responsibility and heartbreak. “He is that. Also an idiot, but the stories don’t usually mention that part.” The General leaned back in her chair, propped heavy leather boots atop her heavy metal desk. “Don’t mind that, Pava, and sit down, you make my feet hurt. A little sibling humor.” Pava replied almost without thinking, “I’m the fourth of seven girls, sir, I’m quite familiar with sibling humor.” “Fourth of seven, eh? Your parents were brave.” “Brave, foolhardy, and outnumbered, sir.” Another laugh from the General. “What are your sisters’ names?” The automatic answer spilled out before Pava could stop herself. “Ana, Maia, Saphria, then me, then Zamira and Aleia. Zamira and Aleia are twins, sir. Then Rabbit — sorry, Radvita, the baby.” A rueful shake of her head. “Any of them idiots?” “Sir?” “Never mind, Pava, just thinking aloud. My brother, who is an idiot no matter what the stories say, has some damn fool plan to stay hidden on that planet he thinks we can’t find.” “Yes, sir.” Remember, Pava, measured steps. The General sat forward, focused all the power in her gaze on Pava. “I want him here, helping us. And safe, where we can see him. Where I can see him, I should say.” A sharp lance of pain struck Pava, emanating not from herself but from the General. Pava hadn’t known Solo as anything more than a legend, but the General’s sorrow had been so bright and clear that the whole base felt it when it spiked. Pava had cried out in her fighter, had pushed it away, hadn’t thought about it until later. The Force connected all living things, she knew, but it seemed that it connected some more strongly than others. “Yes, sir.” The General was silent for a moment. “Anyway, Pava, you’re Force-sensitive, yes?” Pava hedged. “They tested me at the Academy, sir. Mildly Force-sensitive, no more than most pilots in the fleet.” Even in her wildest dreams, the ones where they were best friends and played cards all night, Pava had never anticipated that she would hear General Leia Organa snort and call, “Bullshit,” but life proved itself strange all the time. “Beg pardon, sir?” “Bullshit, I said. You’re more sensitive to it than Dameron, for sure. More than anyone I’ve met in a long time. That’s why you’re here. I need that.” “Sir, I—” One hand held up. “Find my brother, Pava, and the girl, too, on that island or mountain or wherever he’s sequestered them. Tell him to stop being an idiot for once in his idiot life and come here and help me. Don’t frogmarch him or kidnap the girl, but make a good case. I’m sending holos from me and a few other people he used to listen to, those may help. No hard deadline, but bring them back soon.” “Yes, sir.” “Dameron has your orders.” A hand waved toward the door. “Dismissed, Pava.” “Thank you, sir.” Pava stood, snapped the best salute she’d ever give in her life, even better than the one she’d given when she’d walked in, and turned to leave. Paused. “Sir, if I may?” “What?” The General, immersed in bureaucracy again, didn’t look up. “How did you know I was Force-sensitive?” At that, the General peered over the edge of a mission update. Her eyes looked, suddenly, so much older and stranger, as if they had seen lifetimes go by in sorrow. “Didn’t you know, Pava? The Force is strong in my family.” Looked back at the report. “Dismissed.” “What’s up, Pava?” Prindel dropped her tray on the table, within inches of the pilot’s head. Pava made a gesture that aimed for exhaustion and anxiety. “I’m going on a mission for the General.” Prindel’s return gesture was a little confused, a little encouraging. “Not a good mission?” Uncertainty, more exhaustion, some despair. Sarcasm, and Prindel replied, “My name’s Pava and I’m mad that I get a super secret important mission from the godsdamned General herself.” A touch of despair, some frustration. “Shut it, Prindel.” Gentle teasing, affection. “What’s wrong with the mission?” “I have to go try and get Luke Skywalker to come fight for the Resistance.” A gesture for not kidding around, for not joking. A long moment of silence, then a gesture that bordered on obscene and translated roughly into yeah, good luck with that . “I know, right?” Pava turned her head so that her face was pressed flat into the table top. Prindel ate some stew thoughtfully. Let the silence hang. Rapped her spoon on the table to get Pava to turn her head back, to look. “Does it make it better or worse that Rey is with him? You’ll get to see her, which would be nice, right?” “Yeah, until I turn into a gibbering idiot and also fail at the mission and get to wave bye as I lift off and leave them there and come back to the frowny-face General of my childhood nightmares, so.” Acquiescence. “No sense worrying about it, then, since you know what’s going to happen. Might as well get drunk.” “Oh, goddess, yes please.” They ended up in Snap’s quarters. His wife, out on a supply run, had the best stash of Sullustan wine this side of Cloud City, and had long ago given Prindel free reign with it. Prindel, who always replaced it, had in turn given Pava a strict “not without me” rule, and Snap was allowed to sit in if he didn’t speak and refilled glasses as needed. Prindel ran a tight ship. “Snap, you’re married, how’d you get a gorgeous perfect lady like Ta'akka to marry you? She’s awesome.” Pava downed the last swallow of her glass. As Snap leaned over to fill it up, he chuckled. “She is awesome, you’re right. She’s smarter than me, not like it’s hard, and she’s an incredible pilot, and she’s sexy as hell, and I have no idea why she married me.” “You could ask me in person,” a liquid voice called from the hall. “Baby!” Snap leapt up and very nearly didn’t fall down. “You’re back!” “Hey, sweetheart,” Ta’akka Wexley (originally from Glee Anselm, now ace recon pilot for the west fourteenth quadrant), cooed. She kissed Snap soundly, then pushed him down to a seated position. “Hey, Prindel.” Prindel got a kiss, too, and Pava did as well. “Darling Pava, how are you, honey?” “Drunk, Tak, so drunk.” Prindel nodded, too large of a gesture, too much, because of the wine. “She’s so drunk, Tak, but she’s also so in love.” “Not in love, not in love-love, shut up, I don’t love her, I just—“ “The desert girl? The one with the,” Ta'akka made a gesture like swinging a staff. “She’s beautiful, Pava, good choice.” “She’s not, I’m not, I mean,” Pava downed some more wine. “I just like her, is all.” “I can’t be having with deserts,” Ta’akka clucked, sounded like nothing so much as Pava’s long-dead grandmother. “Sand gets everywhere, a body dies parched. No good.” “Yeah, me too,” Prindel nodded, gave a gesture of homesickness. “Give me a shallow pond and shade trees.” “I don’t mind the desert,” Snap said softly. “Easy to see things coming.” “Oh goddess, who even cares?” The wine, as it always did, had turned on Pava. “Snap, you like deserts ‘cause you grew up on a jungle planet, and you’re paranoid. Tak, you only hate deserts ‘cause you’re a Nautolan. Prindel, who the hell knows, your people aren’t even named in Basic. Me, I’m human, I couldn’t give two shits about the planet type someone’s from, just, you know, I like her. Don’t talk shit about desert people, is all I’m saying.” “All right, Pava’s getting offended by stupid things, time to cut you all off.” Ta’akka smiled kindly. “Go home, girls, sleep it out of your systems. You,” she pointed to Snap. “Report to bed for a debrief immediately.” He snapped a clean salute, no small feat in his state, and marched off toward their sleeping quarters. Prindel made a gesture of apology and thanks toward Ta’akka as she shuffled Pava out. “That went well,” Pava said, head in hands. Her bunk, Prindel’s across the room, the shaded window with a view of the hangar: all were hidden by her own hands, her hair, her shame. Prindel hummed to herself, quietly, the way she did when she was upset. “I’m sorry, Prindel, I really am.” Pava looked up, blinked hard. “I’ll apologize to Tak, too, and Snap. I’m really sorry.” The gesture Prindel gave was something about forgiveness and understanding, I know this is hard for you , but Pava’s tears clouded her eyes again and she couldn’t read it clearly. The full-wrap of a hug, though, that was clear as day. As she clambered aboard the ship to where-the-hells-ever the General was sending her, she looked back over her shoulder. Poe, Finn, BB-8, the rest of the squadron, Prindel, and the General, too, all looking at her. Looking like she carried more than an empty ship and a few holos, more than the necessary supplies and a good-sized cask of Tak’s best wine. Like she carried hope. A new chance, an unbroken promise. Maybe this is what the Jedi felt like , and then another step into the ship, and the doors slid shut, and she was alone with her thoughts and the Force and the vast nothingness to come. Chapter 2 : they mistake tension for poise The flight there was simple. Or, not simple, because it was a circuitous route, at speeds far too slow for Pava’s taste, on the Mercator , a craft way too big and too unwieldy (because of passenger space, because of hope), going nowhere near anywhere interesting. Uneventful wasn’t truly the right word either, because it implied nothing of import happened on the flight, when in fact Pava could name half a dozen ridiculous, weird, amazing things that happened. They were just spread out, is all, punctuation marks in a long sentence of quiet and stillness and watching the same holo half a hundred times. So maybe boring, a boring flight there. The General had, in what Pava was certain was a display of twisted humor, offered to put her on a civilian transport with an RX pilot droid, get her there a lot faster if she cryoslept and let the droid drive. At Pava’s horrified protests, the General had laughed until she’d had to sit down. That had given Pava a warmth in her stomach, to see the warrior princess general laugh like a child. The warmth had leached away when, presented with the Mercator and its astromech maintenance droid, R3-M5, neither one felt even the slightest bit welcoming. Her binary wasn’t nearly as sharp as Dameron’s, but it was good enough to know that the greeting message R3 gave was so blunt as to be rude, and that once the General was out of earshot Pava was subjected to the droid equivalent of muttering curses under one’s breath. The Mercator , too, was old, and not old in an interesting way like an antique or a throwback model. Just old, something Pava’s dad might well have boarded to steal from in his younger days, and not a scrap of unusual or unique design to be had. A half-decent games table, a mediocre engine system, and honestly the least visually interesting readouts Pava’d seen this side of her grandmother’s kitchen HUD back home. Then the takeoff was rocky, a shimmy just annoying enough that it bothered Pava more than it strictly should have, and then there was a weird asteroid field that hadn’t been marked on their maps, and Pava could sense through the filth that cluttered R3’s chatter that the droid really wanted to go figure out why the debris was there instead of just reporting it and moving on. Pava had tried to commiserate over that, a little me-too to build a bond, because it was super strange and the back of her neck itched with already nearly unbearable desire to Do Something, but R3 had reacted…poorly. Pava had tried to keep to herself after that. They had six more weeks of travel at least, three more before they even got to a good stopping place - and not even a really good one, some little swampy forest moon, just a refuel and dropping off some confidential data to an informant, a dead drop, they wouldn’t even get to meet the spy. “This whole mission sucks,” Pava announced to the empty corridor. If she strained, she could just hear R3 muttering to herself. “Her” was an educated guess, based on the particular way R3 spoke binary and a few hints the droid had given, plus a sort of feeling Pava had picked up. She’d been around enough droids to get some inkling of how some of them chose to process or present gender. R3 felt like, if she had been human, she would have identified somewhat female. If they’d been friends or even friendly, Pava could have asked (it wasn’t considered rude to ask droids their preferred pronouns, because it was always a guess otherwise), but not— A shock rocked the ship. Pava was thrown against the side of the corridor, her shoulder screamed with pain, she shouted, “R3!” The little droid had screeched at the movement, and started to spit invective and collision information in long strings of binary over the fuzzy comms. Pava clutched her shoulder and swore, scrunched eyes shut until she could catch her breath. “Shit, shit, oh goddess, help me,” she heard herself speaking aloud as she ran, bouncing back and forth as the ship continued to shudder wildly. R3’s chatter grew louder, more profane, and also more helpful as the droid angrily diagnosed the particular issue the coupler had developed. One of them should have caught it earlier, R3 seemed to think, because of the issues they’d both noticed on takeoff, but where Pava had expected blame, the droid instead seemed to feel equally guilty. “Sorry, R3, we’ll get this, do the isolation procedures,” Pava yelled. She dropped below the deck and grabbed the casing from the faulty part. “I’ll get the fucker out and we can drift for a while until we rewire it, copy?” An affirmative whistle and a horrific string of profanity made Pava smile, even though her shoulder was going numb. Whatever she’d hit in the initial shake had done something bad, and there wasn’t time to work on it. “R3! I’ve got the thing off, get the thing!” Oh, goddess, Pava, use words . “The thing! That, the red—“ R3 had, somehow, figured out what particular thing Pava was thinking of, gesturing helplessly at despite being out of sight, because it dropped solidly on the panel beneath her. “OK, OK! Wait for my signal, then cut power, ready?” Another affirmative whistle. Pava pulled hard, got the faulty coupler out, and yelled, “Got it, R3! Cut power!” The ship died around them. Life support and grav would stay on for a while, plus a very soft signaling beacon so they didn’t get run over by anyone, but it was going to be cold and quiet until they got this fixed. R3 muttered something about battery life. It wasn’t livid, the tone of her chatter, but almost edging into scared. Pava nearly smiled, thinking of how, if R3 was humanoid, her face just now would look almost frighteningly like Dameron’s after a bonehead maneuver that, while it totally worked, was way the hell too dangerous to just spring on everyone. She really ought to introduce them when she got back, if she could. They’d either murder each other or, as her mother would say, get on like a house on fire. “Thanks, R3, you’re a genius.” Pava pulled herself up with one arm, her numb shoulder radiating pain out and down her left arm. “Here, rip this thing apart, I’ll go see if we’ve got a spare to keep us up.” An angry whistle, but a good one, almost laughing, pissed off but smiling anyway. Then, and Pava couldn’t have explained how, R3’s body language totally changed. R3 extended a grabber, poked at Pava’s messed-up shoulder. It had been almost numb, but the poke seemed somehow to be aimed perfectly at the center of whatever had happened. A flare of pain. Pava winced away, sucked in a breath. <Stupid idiot human>, Pava got that much before R3 sped up and got less and less translatable. The rest of what sounded, in all honesty, like one of her mother’s lectures, was something about the Maker and organic beings and how their hardware was far too soft, just inherently inferior. The undercurrent, though, was something about concern, something about worry. Just a hint, but it was there. “It’s fine, R3, I’ll look at it in a minute. I just banged it.” She cares, Pava , but no time for that now. The spare coupler pretty much fit. Well, except that one angle. “This one must have been the previous gen, stupid remodels. Hey, R3, do we have the big spanner? The blue one?” R3-M5 whistled annoyance, as always. She rocked back and forth a few times, used a pincer claw to hand Pava the requested tool, and sped away, ranting to herself about <stupid humans> and their penchant for percussive maintenance. “Why’s my droid the mean one?” Pava asked the coupler as she rolled it over in her hands, decided exactly where to beat the shit out of it so it’d fit. “Poe gets the sweetest BB unit, the General gets the duffer and the legend, and I get a mean little astromech with a temper and no interest at all in being more helpful than the bare minimum. Not fair, you know?” The coupler, finally fitted neatly as long as no one noticed the huge dent on one side, didn’t respond, and Pava heaved a sigh. Her shoulder still hurt, although R3 had bullied her into at least promising to do a scan of it once they got power back. “R3? Try her now, okay?” The droid beeped - <doing something really fucking dangerous and stupid now, hold your breath, you worthless organism> - and then whirred quietly, almost a prayer. The ship flickered and stuttered, then roared back to life. Warmth and light flooded the corridors, and Pava’s shoulder started to ease up, unclench. R3’s triumphant whistle was so loud over the comms that Pava nearly fell laughing. “We want to run a couple of diagnostics, R3, right? Make sure we’re not about to explode?” R3 reminded Pava of the shoulder thing, and that R3 was <about four hundred times smarter and faster than some puny human>, plus she never hurt her shoulder because she didn’t have shoulders, <because, thank the Maker, I’m not organic like you losers>. “I could argue that, I mean, you’ve got joints, so,“ Pava thought better of it. “Yeah, okay, run the usual suite plus some engine checks. And a fuel check, I don’t have any idea if we leaked anything. And—“ R3 said something that, in Basic, would have gotten her kicked out of even a rathole like Mos Eisley. “Shit, R3, sorry, okay, I’ll get off your tail.” Pava grinned, and something slotted neatly into place. She felt almost like she was hollering insults across the kitchen at her sisters, like they were arguing about any of a dozen old family stories. It was nice. Comforting. What does it say, Pava, that you find a droid chewing your out to be comforting? Mercator’ s tiny, thoroughly stocked but wildly unimpressive medical suite beeped at her to get up, she was done, scan complete. Pava rolled her arm around a couple of times, feeling the numbness spread from the injection site. The shoulder was fine. Or, not fine, but not going to kill her. She sent a scan back to base anyway, and was sure that the response would be to take it easy and stay hydrated. She’d done a lot worse a lot faster a lot of times, so a jammed shoulder and some scrapes didn’t pose any real issue. The issue was, instead, how to kill time for another three weeks. More holos of The Last Jedi, then, Pava? The five she’d loaded onto the shipboard server were the best of the lot, in her opinion, but she’d memorized them as a child and seen them so many times since that she could play them on the insides of her eyelids. Poe had handed her a few hard discs of some Yavin IV melodramas, which were far more entertaining since they were all love stories. But she’d seen those too many times as well. Plus Poe’s taste ran hard into star-crossed royalty meets the beautiful peasant variety, which was fine but definitely not Pava’s thing. She had always more preferred the adventure serials where the dashing hero and the brave warrior stood back-to-back against a sea of oncoming evil. Of course, nowadays Poe was the one with a steady boyfriend and Pava was the one pining after a near stranger, so who even knew anymore? The ship felt empty. It wasn’t, not with R3, but it felt that way. Pava had grown more used than she’d realized to the cramped and loud living quarters of the base. She wandered for a bit, tightened a few things, polished the mirror in the tiny head. Drank some arrack she had stowed in her personal locker. Popped back down to the banged-up coupler to make sure it wasn’t on fire, which it wasn’t. Double-checked all the scans R3 had run, and reran a couple just because. Took care of some private pleasure. Finally she found herself outside the little closet where R3 usually hung out when not running the ship or beeping angrily at Pava. She knocked twice, waited. Nothing. “Hey R3, I know you won’t, but want to play Dejarik?” A long silence hung in the air, and then the little astromech peeked out. Her whistle was still full of annoyance, but there was a hesitant agreement there, too. The game took about seven minutes, and Pava had never lost so decisively. “Again?” They played four more, and R3 won every one, and by the end of the fifth match Pava had laughed herself out of her chair and R3 was whistling in triumph, not anger. The droid sped away almost crowing, <winner winner replicator dinner>, and Pava walked back to her bed feeling less alone than she had since liftoff. She lay one one side, slightly curled up, massaged her shoulder until she drifted off, smiling, to sleep. The next waking period, Pava taught R3 how to play Shronker, and won the first two matches handily. Then R3 got the hang of it and Pava was, again, whipped soundly and with ease. “You’re very good at strategy games, R3, aren’t you?” A whistle of smug satisfaction. “You know Mahaa’i Shuur? Or, what would you call it in Basic, Ultimate Success?” At the droid’s negative whistle, Pava let a smuggler’s grin sneak over her face. “Oh, R3, you’re going to love this. Let me go get the cards.” The rest of the trip was still boring, but Pava and R3 traded hands of Ultimate Success and Pava learned to lose slightly less horrifically in all of the strategy hologames on the ship’s table, and slow but sure R3 stopped calling her <worthless bag of meat>. The little droid still called her stupid and slow much of the time, but with a whistle that was more like a laugh than a curse. It worked for Pava, who’d never had an astromech friend of her own, and she figured that being prickly and too smart must be a hard life for a droid. It’d been hard enough for a couple of her sisters, and they weren’t even expected to be cold hard automatons. At least, not in a literal sense. They did stop, briefly, planet-side, on a little world covered with trees and mud. R3 hated it, <this mushy brown bullshit hangs up my wheels, why’s the fucking air wet, where’s the Maker-damned sky>, and Pava loved it (it felt almost like home, like rice and stew and too many sisters) but they only needed some rations and a fiddly bit of wire. Also they dropped a data packet in a hollow tree like they lived in that old-timey holo about kids solving mysteries, which Pava pulled up to show R3 as they sauntered casually back to the market. They picked up a new coupler while they were there - the banged-up spare was working okay but Pava had gotten kind of paranoid about it. R3 had, too, although she’d never admit it. Pava knew that more than once, when she’d wandered carelessly down to just happen to check on it, no reason at all, the droid had been moseying away from with with a careful air of nonchalance. <What a coincidence,> R3 would whistle, or Pava would make a tiny expression of confusion and shock. They were the both of them pretty decent liars, not that anyone watching would’ve been able to tell. They tried four different merchants, each with every coupler model on either side of the one they needed but absolutely none of theirs. The goddess-damned coupler was cursed, Pava decided. When they finally found a merchant who had one, he was a big humanoid with a nasty look to him, leered at Pava and ignored R3 altogether, like she wasn’t even there. R3 complained loudly that they were being overcharged, which they were, and Pava had to step in to keep the man from bashing her, and it all took time. And the one they got was clearly used, nowhere near the quality the oily man had claimed, but Pava didn’t want to fight him about it, so she overruled R3’s rage and got the little astromech out of there before something happened. She’d never seen an astromech get into a brawl before, but if any droid could do it, R3 would be the one. Frankly, R3 would probably win, too, and then they’d be in for even more of a world of hurt. They ended up spending the night on-world, in a little round hut under the trees. R3 didn’t rest at all, kept whirring to herself, kept doing the droid equivalent of pacing. “You prefer being on the ship, huh?” A corrective whistle. “Shut up, R3, it’s one night. You’re a tough broad, you can do one night on-world, can’t you?” Goading her, Pava? A rude whistle, an obscene gesture, maybe just the barest hint of a laugh. “Well, if you won’t sleep, I sure as hell can’t. I didn’t bring the cards. Wanna play evens and odds?” The child’s game proved just soothing enough that R3 stopped rolling around in circles, stopped swearing, but not enough that she rested. Instead they set the ship on autopilot the next morning and Pava convinced R3 to shut down for a while. The droid woke up in a much better mood and proceeded to destroy Pava at a children’s puzzle game they’d found in a storage block. Things settled back in. Some days later, R3’s whistle echoed down a corridor to Pava, half-asleep. Her whistle was still rude, still an insult, but with a tone very near affectionate. “Yeah, I’m up, I’m up,” Pava yelled back. Her shoulder ached just enough that she remembered to favor it a little. The scans showed everything healing up fine, and Pava had been bullied and pushed by R3 into wrapping it up for a few days to stabilize it a little better. Things were all right. She pulled on her cleanest uniform, because if her math was right she knew just what she would see out the screens in the cockpit. Pava held her breath like she’d never been on a ship as she walked in. The world swung into view, all blue and calm, and Pava could feel her nerves start to jangle. R3 must have sensed it, because she scooted a little closer to Pava. She didn’t lean on her like the General’s droid would have, or extend a comforting limb like Poe’s, but Pava knew good and well that consciously choosing to be closer to a human was as good as a declaration for R3. Pava hid a grin. “OK, R3, take us down, if you’d like.” Pava rested one hand softly, tentatively, on the astromech’s dome, fingertips just brushing the worn metal. “Thanks, really, you’ve done an outstanding job. Want to come on-world?” No rude whistle, but a rude gesture, and Pava laughed her way down the steps. When she reached the world below, she stopped laughing. Mouth dropped open. Eyes widened. A gasp, and a crowing, “Oh goddess, am I seeing this?” She ran across choppy rocks toward the battered ship, ran like a child. If the Force guided her feet, she didn’t feel it, but she didn’t fall, either. “It’s the Millennium Falcon ,” she shouted to no one, her joy spilling out into the open air. At her cry, seabirds flew away, up into the sky with its twin suns and not a cloud to be seen. “Holy shit,” she whispered to herself as she reached one hand out. She shouldn’t touch it, it was like those stone relics she’d glimpsed in the flyover, like a hot stove, like a prayer cloth hanging in a temple, like a girl too good for her. “Hello, gorgeous.” She couldn’t not touch it, for all the same reasons. It felt warm, no doubt from the suns, but for a fleeting moment she let herself believe that it was really alive, that it was happy to meet her, too. “And hello to you, too,” a voice called from behind her. Pava spun, crouched already into a fighting stance. When she saw who was speaking, she couldn’t stop a high hopeful laugh from bubbling out of her. “Rey! Hey, hi, sorry, we tried to tell you I was coming but the Falcon wouldn’t—“ “It’s turned off, makes it harder to track, hi, how are you—“ “Sorry, yes, hi, I’m fine, I’m good, there’s an astromech on the Mercator you should meet, you’ll—“ “Master Luke’s up at the house, or not a house but the shelter, and R2 and Chewie are somewhere—“ They were face-to-face, having hopped rocks toward each other while talking simultaneously, ever louder even as they got closer to each other. Pava could have, had she chosen, leaned forward a spare few inches and pressed their lips together. She didn’t. “I missed you,” Pava heard herself say it before she realized it would happen. Rey’s face lit up. “I missed you too! Is that odd? Because we only met a little, I mean, I thought maybe that was weird.” Her face was so open, so bright and unlined, and Pava regretted not kissing her a moment ago but also wanted to just look at her face for the next several centuries. “Maybe it is.” Daring, Pava . “But it’s true.” Pava’s hand twitched, wanted to make a gesture of offering, but she stopped it. “Is there, do you need to unload anything?” Rey looked over Pava’s shoulder at the Mercator , which looked even less impressive on this incredible planet, sitting a stone’s throw from the goddess-blessed Millennium Falcon . But Rey looked at it like it was something special, and Pava melted again, more so. “I, yeah, one sec, do you want to come onboard? I just need to grab a shoulder bag, it’s got some stuff for, um,” Pava gestured vaguely, something about a person of great honor, but Rey read it as just an inability to get the right words. “No, I’ll wait here, I’ll tell Chewie and R2 what’s going on so they know.” Rey waved her toward the Mercator ’s boxy shape. The bag was waiting right beside the entry port. Pava stopped for a moment, stared at it. “Isn’t that interesting,” she said aloud as if not noticing R3’s very quiet whirring one wall away. “I was pretty sure I’d left that bag on my bunk. Lucky me, apparently it was here the whole time.” Pava grinned to herself. “R3, if you can hear me, thanks. And signal if you need anything, but you never seem to need anything, so. Um.” As if from far away, Pava heard a sneering whistle with just an edge of affection to it, and she laughed a little as she clambered back down the ramp. “That was fast,” Rey said, snapping shut a communication device. “Come on, let’s find Master Luke, he’ll want to say hi.” Rey smiled, a slow and warm look spreading across her face, and Pava couldn’t keep an answering grin away. When Rey smiled, she looked like the heroine adventuress of a holovid, and Pava really needed to figure out how to not look at her like she was thinking exactly that all the time. “Doesn’t he know we’re coming?” The steep rocks turned out to have a staircase of sorts carved into them, which Pava sent thanks skyward for because her knees still felt a little weak and she didn’t want to meet the Last Jedi huffing and red-faced and halfway dead if she could avoid it. Plus, walking behind Rey meant Rey couldn’t see her face, so she felt a little less like a raw nerve and a little more like an actual adult with emotional stability. Also, if Pava was to be perfectly honest, walking behind Rey meant seeing Rey walk, and Pava could do that all day. “Probably, but he’ll stay there unless we go get him. He’s doing some Force things. He forgets to stop, sometimes.” Rey glanced behind her. “I was headed that way anyway, because it’s time for food. You said there’s an astromech droid on the ship?” “Yeah, she’s horrible, you’ll love her.” Rey laughed at that, and Pava felt the same pleased warmth she’d felt when she had made the General laugh. “I bet I will. Does she want to offboard? R2’s found a slope that gets you up here, she doesn’t have to do the stairs if she can’t or won’t.” Pava huffed a little. The stairs were better than climbing a sheer cliff face, no doubt, but they were still hundreds of stairs in unfamiliar elevation. “No, she specifically told me that she wouldn’t offboard if I built her a new sabaac set with my useless human hands, so.” Rey laughed again. “She sounds fantastic.” “She is that.” Pava held one hand up in surrender. “Sorry, can we take a second? Just, you know, breathing.” “We can do that.” Rey leaned against the cliff wall, one leg pulled up at an angle like a water bird. “How’s the General? How is the base? How is—um. Everything?” She didn’t appear to be out of breath at all. Pava could hear the unasked question, the name left unsaid. “General’s good. Terrifying. The usual. Base is good.” Another breath. “Finn is good, really good.” Pava made brief eye contact with Rey, then took a few more breaths. “He’s walking around now, got a support droid for a while but when I left he was just using a regular staff. Also, him and Poe are, uh, you know. Together.” Rey’s eyes lit up. “Good! That’s great. I bet they’re adorable together.” “You’d be surprised.” Pava bounced on her heels a couple of times. “Thanks for stopping. I think I’m good now.” “Master Luke,” Rey shouted up at a stone structure. “Master Luke, she’s here!” No answer echoed back. The building looked like it may have once been a temple: crumbled columns lay grinding themselves into dust, steps cracked and shattered, what must have been a graceful arch half-collapsed now, letting weak sunlight spill in, no doubt. Rey cocked her head, like she was listening to something, then huffed. “Stubborn.” Turned to Pava. “He’s busy, told me to take you to the house. He’ll finish up, meet us there.” “Will he?” “Probably not,” Rey said, leading the way down another path. “He just gets wrapped up in things. Before I got here, I think he probably didn’t eat or sleep very much. The Force can sort of try to encourage to get him to take a break or rest, you know, but he’s very,” she paused. “Focused.” “This is the house?” Pava asked as they stopped walking. It looked more like a barracks, like in the Academy. “Well, it used to be, I think it was a sort of dormitory for visiting Jedi. But Master Luke lives in one set of rooms, and I have one. You’re more than welcome to bring the droid, too, R2 has his own spot.” “Yeah, I’ll send her a message, but I’d be shocked if she leaves the ship.” Rey nodded, brushed one hand along the side of her head. She looked different here, calmer. At the base she’d been scrambling, terrified for Finn, scraping together enough to get her here. Pava could feel some sort of peace emanating from her now, something settled and quiet where before Rey had reminded her of nothing so much as a desert scavenger, restless and hungry and never feeling safe. Here, in this place surrounded only by cool salt air and ocean breezes, Rey seemed more solid, more real. “I’ll let you get settled, or clean up, or whatever it is you need to do,” Rey said, seeming not to notice that Pava had been staring. “I’m going to go chew out Master Luke some more, he knows he shouldn’t do this.” Rey met Pava’s eyes. “I’ll be back in a few minutes, will you wait for me?” Don’t take the bait, Pava, her mind ordered. “Of course.” The room, once Rey left, was small. Not as small as the bunk on the Mercator , obviously, nor as small as her room at the base would be if she shared it (she was supposed to be sharing it with Prindel but Prindel more often than not was with one of her mates at night). But still small. A tiny square window looked out onto the endless sea, and Pava wondered if this had actually been some kind of a prison. It certainly didn’t feel welcoming or homey, not like she would have expected for visiting Jedi. But then, they were supposedly sort of hermits, not supposed to be luxurious or wealthy. There were more than enough didactic holos in which a wandering, dirty, starving creature turned out to be a Jedi Master in disguise, where the people who treated them badly were punished and those who were kind were rewarded. But, too, there were holos in which Jedi were wealthy, obscene creatures with rings on every digit and a harem drenched in gold. The truth, Pava’s father had always said, can be found between any two extremes. Probably the Jedi were like that. Alternately, maybe it had been much nicer when there was a crowd of visiting voices here, chattering and clamoring for attention. The emptiness of the room echoed every move Pava made, and it was deeply unnerving. Loud barracks were the norm for her life, and even onboard a ship there would the be ever-present hum of engines, the thump of things not quite working, R3’s complaints, beeps and whistles and noises innumerable, all around all the time, flowing into an undercurrent Pava hadn’t realized until just now she missed. “Pava!” She heard a shout from outside the window. Looked out, looked down. Rey stood far below on the sliver of cliff behind the barracks. Beside her stood an old man. No, not old, look again, Pava . A man with grey and white weaving through a scraggly beard, unkempt hair. Wrinkles and sunspots on his face. Stance like a grandfather back from a war. A robe. A metal hand. Oh, goddess, give me strength . “Pava, this is Master Luke, come down here! We’re hungry!” Pava tore her eyes away from the figure that had defined so much of her entire childhood. Rubbed her hands over her face a few times, like a prey animal. Stepped out into the stone hallway. Each step took an eternity, and yet she arrived on the cliffs beside Rey and the Last Jedi far too soon. “Master Luke,” Rey said, smile wide, “this is Pava, Jessika Pava, I mean. She’s a pilot with the Resistance.” His eyes were terrible and beautiful, sad and clever and darker than she’d expected. He nodded once. “Yes, I can see that.” As he turned to look at Rey, Pava saw his expression shift, and she ached suddenly to have that kindness aimed at her, too. He could be so kind, she could tell, if he chose to. “Shall we?” The meal was simple, but had a couple of weird dishes she’d never seen. “What is this?” she asked, pointing at a leafy stew with chunks of something that might have been a fish. An answering roar echoed in the room. The Wookiee had been seated already when they came in, had waved one huge limb in greeting. Rey, it turned out, understood enough Shyriiwook to get around, and the Wookiee clearly understood Basic perfectly well. Rey translated, “Chewie made it. It’s good, you’ll like it!” She pushed the dish toward Pava with a big smile. Pava blushed. The Wookiee saw it, made a sound that even Pava knew was a laugh. “I wish the astromech didn’t hate offboarding so much,” Rey said as if she hadn’t noticed. “R2 went out to visit her, that’s where he is, but I’d like to meet her, too.” “You can,” Pava said through a mouthful of the Wookiee’s dish, which was legitimately delicious. Turned out to be some kind of a root, not a fish. “You can all come meet her if you want, but fair warning, she really doesn’t care for humans.” “Droids pick up personalities,” a quiet voice broke in from the other side of the table. “Probably whoever built her didn’t care for them either.” It was the first time Master Luke had spoken since “Shall we?” and Pava felt the words on her skin. If the compulsions she had were the Force working in her, that echoing strangeness, that power, was thrilled to be near him. Part of it was Pava’s own response to meeting a legend, she knew that, she wasn’t stupid, but being here in a place so drenched in the Force that the Jedi had chosen to worship here (or study it, or whatever, a temple didn’t necessitate worship) was throwing her systems into disarray. When the Last Jedi spoke, it flared up even worse. “Or she could have had a bad experience with humans, they learn, too,” Rey said, garbled by her mouthful of bread. “Hmmm,” the Jedi responded, and lapsed back into silence. They ate quietly for a few more moments, then he shook his head as if he’d lost an argument. “Rey, I’m going to go get some work done. You and your friend have fun. Remember you have meditation this evening, on the soap cliff.” He looked over at Pava, a fleeting glance, barely anything at all. “Miss Pava.” “Please,” she heard herself say, “please call me Pava. Everyone does.” Now his gaze rested on her face, and she felt it almost physically, as if he was pressing his hands to her features, feeling them like a blind man. “Pava.” He nodded at her once, clapped the Wookiee on the shoulder, walked away. In his wake, Pava could have sworn she saw eddies of something whirl and dance. Probably it was just dust kicked up in the sunlight. Probably. Chapter 3 : this is a breathing exercise She didn’t expect to sleep well. Pava’d been a good sleeper once, before flying had turned into war, before the compulsion had roared in her skin so strongly, before — just, before. In the Academy. As a kid. Not these days. But whether it was the air being different, or the height of the place, or that she could almost feel Rey on her skin, or something just this side of magic, she slept like a rock. Dropped into her narrow cot, barely toed off her boots, deep into nothingness. If she dreamed, she didn’t remember. But sleeping deeply didn’t stop old habits. She woke fully, immediately, like always, like an alarm had sounded, like her flight suit was halfway on. When the sun stole into her room, she was already dressed, sitting on the floor, trying to be unobtrusive. The little square window, just too small and just too high to really offer a good view ( you can see the sea, Pava, what more do you demand? ), caught the light and slanted it across to where a head would be were its occupant still in bed. “That’s clever,” she said to no one. “Like a morning bell.” She rose, stood, stretched her arms above her head. Her thoughts began to admonish, you should go see R3 , but she was already out the door. Walking down the endless stairs took her breath away again, in the same exact spot walking up with Rey had, and she leaned against the sheer stone face. Breathed, breathed. An unbidden memory ( tiny Pava, shaking from a nightmare, one or three of the sisters crowding around her, keeping the dark away ) flared up in her head, so strong and sudden that she staggered. Shook it off. Kept walking. The Mercator looked, strangely, more likable in the early morning light. Looked clunky and ugly and old, still, but familiar. Solid. Real. She patted a nacelle affectionately as the ramp lowered. R3 was waiting, rocking back and forth ever so slightly. <Hello, organic idiot>, in the tone of someone welcoming a family member. “Hello, Maker-made asshole,” Pava replied, a smile stretching across her face. “How’s the coupler?” They chatted amiably, half in binary, while R3 wheeled toward the part of the floor they’d left open for their constant watchdog checks. Everything looks fine. R3 pulled up a shaky holo of the blueprints, pointed out a small repair that would be easier, she bleeps, <with your fiddly meat hands>. Pava grinned. R3 whistled just a little, her version of a mischievous smile. The repair took an hour, give or take, and by the end of it Pava felt almost fully herself again. R3’s running recap of her meeting with the legendary R2-D2 kept Pava laughing, the work steadied her hands, and the pressure of whatever this place was, the reasons she was here, the itch under her heart, they all eased back. Pava had always loved that about ships, how there was always something that needed doing, something halfway broken, something she could make better or keep running. She’d fallen for mechanics after she’d flown the first time, that aborted little jump in her friend Zara’s speeder. After they got caught ( technically you stole it , her thoughts argued; her stomach dipped, sense memory of that first takeoff, so strong she thought she might throw up), she’d been grounded, sent to the mechanics’ shed to work off the debt from crashing it. Flying, even for a few moments, had opened up some new part of her: seeing the sprawling guts of her grandfather’s old smuggler craft, Maia pointing out which part connected where, getting the thing working again - that opened her the rest of the way. She’d staggered out of the shed feeling half-drunk, exhausted, her hands aching in a way she never wanted to end. This, here, too, was like that. Flying had done much the same, given her blood a fizz of joy, lightened her dour moods. She’d wept the first time she landed an X-wing on her own, wept just for a moment in the cockpit by herself. The training droid assigned to her had been tactful, had busied himself with doing maintenance routines. Let her have that moment. Here, now, she could feel tears rising again, threatening under her eyes; all her nerve endings and emotions felt so raw. “I need to fly something soon, maybe.” Her voice echoed against the pipes and filters and wires around her. R3 didn’t reply, busy welding something. Defecting to the Resistance had taken away so much of Pava’s joy, so many of the things that gave her herself, but flying and fixing machines, those she’d been allowed to keep. Anchors, kite strings, wings, roots: in that small space below the floor of a ship she mostly hated, with a droid who hated her ( not really hate, Pava, you know that ), on a planet she couldn’t understand doing a job she barely grasped for a woman she loved and feared - well. She needed all the steadying she could get. Later, after a rest and a test and a solid thumping from R3 at some old-timey strategy holo the droid had gotten from R2, she needed to leave. Needed to breathe air and look at water, talk to no one. R3 had scrounged up some altitude adjustment meds from the sickbay, and Pava downed them dry, grateful. As she stepped out of the Mercator , she raised a hand to R3. “See you later, bolt bucket.” <Don’t get yourself killed, water bag> Pava’s laugh echoed against the closing ramp door. “You’re up early,” a quiet voice spoke from behind her. She scrambled to her feet, swiped half-heartedly at the clay caking her pants. “Sorry, sir, I—“ He held up one hand. “Don’t worry about it.” Looked out over the water. “It’s a good place to think.” “Yes, sir.” She didn’t let herself wonder why, after barely two words yesterday, he initiated a conversation. Her inner child was screeching in excitement and panic far too loudly. Every inch of her skin felt alive, felt chilled. He groaned and sunk onto the ground. “Please, please, don’t call me ’sir.’ My sister is ’sir.’ I can just about handle ‘Master Luke’ and I definitely don’t want you to stand up while I sit down.” He looked up and met her eyes with the ghost of a smile. “Come on.” Pava dropped back into the cross-legged pose she had been in before. She hadn’t expected this, hadn’t expected to feel a familiarity, an ease around him. That first impression, that cold calculation in his ancient eyes, had thrown her. She had grown up idolizing the Last Jedi, the warrior prince of the holos, but had believed that, had she ever met him in the flesh, she’d turn into a stammering staring mess. Then, when she had met him, he had seemed less interested in her than in a speck of dust on his robe. Instead, now, with his attention aimed even the slightest bit in her direction, she felt like his own comfort settled her, put her in a calmer state than normal. “You’re the Last Jedi, sir — Master Luke, I mean. People are just trying to show you respect.” “I don’t need their respect, or want it for that matter,” he grumbled. She felt a lightness bubble up in her heart, and for one of the first times since deserting the New Republic, she spoke with no thought at all as to the consequences. “You’re younger than you look, huh? Whining like my baby sister just before she throws a tantrum.” He laughed then, a real one, the first time she’d heard him laugh. Even in the holos and the stories, the Last Jedi was a solemn figure. When he laughed, it was like years dripped off of him. For a moment, she could see that he was the same age as the General, despite the beard and his weathered face. For a moment, she could see that he was still young, full of life, and could see, too, how he must have looked when the war was going on, how he must have looked when the Force first came to him. “How old’s your baby sister?” “Oh, shit — sorry, Master Luke.” “Shit, don’t be sorry.” He smiled, and she smiled back. “I meant to say that I’ll need to do some math to answer that. I’m twenty-three, so—“ “Really?” He looked something like surprised. “Yes, Master Luke.” She remembered, blushed: he would have been twenty-three at the Battle of Endor, the last giant battle of the Rebellion. “Twenty-three can be a momentous age.” He looked away from her, out over the water. “Yes, Master Luke.” Earned the ghost of a smile from him, went on. “My oldest sister is thirty-one, so if I do my math right, my baby sister turned seventeen last month.” “How many sisters do you have?” They really are twins, Pava thought to herself. “Six, Master Luke. I’m the fourth. There’s a set of twins in there, just before the baby.” “Your poor parents,” he said mock-ruefully. “Yes, Master Luke.” “I thought having just one sister was bad, and I didn’t even grow up with her.” Pava made a gesture of amusement, more out of habit than of expectation that the Last Jedi knew Prindel’s people’s movements. When he responded with a gesture that encompassed both laughter and a sort of shrugging don’t worry about it concept, she startled. “Sorry, sorry,” Master Luke said with an odd expression, a sort of not-a-smile smile. “Forgot I wasn’t talking to myself.” Pava pasted on a smile. Surprises shouldn’t scare her this badly, she was normally much more composed, but everything felt too big and strange and new and it made her jumpy. Tense. Sensitive. Lonely. Whatever combination of feelings that swirled in her head was disorienting. She tried to bat it away with a facile question, like a child. “Does the Force help you do that, pick up languages?” He made another gesture, less familiar to Pava. It implied something like maybe, sort of , but didn’t look like the movement Prindel would have used for that. “The meaning behind the words, a little. The Force is good at reading intent. Specific languages, not really, more general communication. But also I spent a lot of time traveling, picked up some things.” “Me too.” Pava’s gesture was supposed to be one of contentment, but it slipped away from her, became something more like sorrow. “Pava, right?” At her nod, he continued. “The name sounds familiar. Where are you from, Felucia? No, not with the way you speak.” “Dandoran, Master Luke.” “Ah, that sounds about right.” He flexed his metal hand, watched the fingers click-click-click with no apparent interest. “Been home recently?” “No, Master Luke, not since I joined the Resistance. We deserted our posts, they say.” Pava could still feel the sick solid pit in her stomach that had grown there when her old captain had called her a traitor, shouted it at her back as she’d walked away from most of the people she loved. Some days she felt nothing but guilt about leaving; some days she was so happy to be gone she could barely breathe. Today, here, she felt both. “Desertion’s a death penalty, so until we win, we can’t go back.” Stomach aching, she thought of home. The first time she’d seen the planet from atmo rose up in her mind, as vivid as anything. She saw her hometown, rolling hills over swampy plains, squat square houses nestled in the reeds. Her own house, a roof painted bright red (superstitious grandmothers thought it brought good luck). She heard her father laughing, smelled a steaming pot of rice, felt the pressure of her sisters crowding around her, and all her senses flooded with home, home, home . It had been happening since she’d landed, but she was drowning in it now, lost to something she didn’t understand. “What are you doing to me?” the cry sounded in her voice but also, she felt, echoed in her mind. “I’m not doing anything,” an answering echo sounded. The sensations started to fade, one by one. “Well, now I’m doing something, but I didn’t start making you homesick. That wasn’t me. I’m helping to get it off you so you can breathe, but I didn’t put it there.” “What are you talking about?” Her heart still raced, she could hear herself panting, her skin crawled. Her father’s face bled away into nothingness, and Pava felt her hands spasm in a parody of grasping. “What was that?” She pounded the ground with one fist, three quick raps - Dameron did it when he was frustrated, they’d all picked it up. “It’s been happening since I landed. What is going on?” “This place, where we are. Do you know what this place is?” He didn’t wait for her to answer, spoke smooth and soft like a soothing mother. “It’s the First Jedi Temple. The Force built this place almost on its own, with only a little help from the Jedi knights. It’s very powerful here.” A gesture of reconciliation, of calm. “What’s already inside you just, I don’t know what the word would be. Sparked? Woke up? Something like that.” All that was left of the disorienting images was a flicker of moss green overlaying the stones around them, but Pava couldn’t stop breathing hard and fast, couldn’t stop herself from shaking. “You mean you didn’t fuck with my head?” The Last Jedi didn’t flinch at the profanity, or at the anger coursing through her, or at the steady rise in volume to a near-scream on the last word. Even the shuddering flock of seabirds her cry startled into flight didn’t faze him. She didn’t know what she was asking, what she needed, what she thought he could do, but it burst from her voice all on its own, “Master Luke?” “Take a breath, Pava.” In the holos, when a Jedi Knight used the Force on a person, his voice deepened, got richer, changed in some noticeable way. Master Luke’s didn’t do that. It sounded the same as the pleasant tone with which he’d asked her to sit with him. His voice didn’t change, nor did his body language. He was still just the gray-bearded man she’d seen at landing, the Last Jedi, who apparently swore and laughed and sounded just like his sister sometimes. Who was cold and frightening and also warm and likable, who contained multitudes and was so powerful she could nearly smell it. He looked at her expectantly, and she remembered what he’d said. She took a shaking breath. “Another, Pava. Slow and even. Not deep like you’re drowning, shallow, like you’re hiding from someone.” Master Luke closed his eyes, and she could almost feel him brushing away tendrils of panic from her mind, the lightest of touches, barely even there. “That heartbeat should be slower. Find the center. Keep breathing.” She felt more than heard the rest of the litany Master Luke recited. Found her center, the still, small stone in her heart, and focused on it. Used it to settle her pulse, to clear the ringing from her ears. Kept breathing, the breaths getting deeper and farther apart as her heartbeat slowed. When Pava opened her eyes to see Master Luke, his eyes still closed, the barest hint of a smile behind his beard, she felt like she’d woken up from a deep sleep. For the first time since joining the Resistance, she could detect no traces of panic or shame in her heart or mind. For the first time since landing on this place, she felt like she was really and truly here, not trapped with one foot in some other time or place. She nearly wept. “Better, Pava. Good job.” He opened his eyes, flexed the fingers on his hand - the real hand, not the metal one. The praise fell on her face like the sun, warmed her through and through. “Thank you, Master Luke.” They sat in silence for a few minutes. The ease Pava had felt around him was there still, but shifted slightly. She sensed, in some dim corner of her mind, that Master Luke was agitated. “You’re very Force-sensitive, aren’t you?” He didn’t look at her when he asked, looked instead out onto the water. She felt more than saw his body language change. “Master Luke?” “Is that why my sister sent you to get Rey, to get me?” He turned to face her, his expression placid enough on the surface, but a jolt of anger twined out to the dim corner of her mind where Pava could feel what Master Luke was feeling, and she saw the fire behind his eyes. “She sent me, Master Luke, for a few reasons. I don’t think Force sensitivity was one of the important ones.” Diplomacy, that’s a new trick for you, Pava. A curse in what Pava thought might be Huttese slipped from the Last Jedi. “My sister is an excellent strategist, and she was married to a son of a bitch, and she works with a slippery crew. I can’t imagine she had another reason more compelling.” “Master Luke, she sent me because I’m a damn fine pilot, and because Rey and I have a connection, or could, or at least, I mean,” she faltered. “And maybe the Force has a little to do with it, too, but I assure you that I am more than qualified to—“ “She has hundreds of pilots, better than you and faster and with less panic in their hearts.” He did not say it cruelly, which made it all the worse. Pava flinched. Heat flared up in her face. “Sir, she sent me because she thought I could do the job.” Maybe, Pava, maybe not. “She didn’t send Dameron because he’s too aggressive. She didn’t send a stranger because you might have disappeared again. She sent me because Rey knows me, because I’m a, I’m not the best pilot but I’m good, and, sure, maybe a little because of the Force. But I—“ “Poe Dameron is a better spy and a better pilot. Of course, he also would have tried to knock me out to get me back there, and that would have ended, let’s say, unpleasantly for everyone.” The smile that knifed across his face was cold. “Instead, my brilliant sister sent you, all pain and fear wrapped up in a mind so soaked in the Force it can barely think straight, so I’d feel obligated to help, compelled to, and you’d bring me back easy as breathing, was that the plan?” “Sir, I—“ “I know my sister well enough at this point to know that she never has just one reason to do anything. It’s always eight or ten reasons of varying importance, but never just a simple one. Never just that you’re a good enough pilot and you like Rey.” “Master Luke, I didn’t—“ He stood, not angry in his body language anymore but calm, cool, almost at a remove. “I apologize, Pava. My frustration is not with you, it’s with my sister.” He didn’t reach out a hand to help her up, but he didn’t walk away and leave her, either. He looked towards the sky, shaded one hand over his eyes. “Sun’s getting higher, Rey’ll be awake soon.” He smiled a little, fond. “Desert kids love to sleep late, it’s a failing of ours.” Looked at Pava, his face almost normal again. “Shall we?” “Master Luke, I assure you, I came here for you and Rey, no ulterior motives.” She stood, brushed the worst of the clay off. “It’s not your motives that I suspect.” A deep breath, and Pava could almost hear the tension ease, just a little. “I know, Pava. It’s unlikely you could fake the need for training so well.” They began to walk as he spoke. “Training, Master Luke?” She made a gesture for a children’s story, something that made little sense, her teeth and tongue flooded with shame, with copper and bile. “All due respect, I’m not that Force-sensitive. They test us at the Academy. Right in the middle, average ability on all marks.” Why are you lying to him, Pava? Master Luke huffed, something like a laugh, and they walked in silence the rest of the way. A few days passed. Pava went back to the Mercator to sleep most nights: the enclosed space of her bunk seemed, somehow, to block out the oceans of sensation and memory that kept bubbling up. When they came, she breathed, shifted in her seat or on her feet, dove down into herself to find the small stone at her center. Rode out the wave. Shook her head like a baby rancor, took the next step. She coaxed R3 offboard once, got her up to meet the Last Jedi. R3 called him something Pava didn’t quite catch, and the Last Jedi smirked. He met Pava’s gaze, dropped his eyes away. She could feel his uncertainty, could very nearly hear it swirling around him. He left the room, left Rey staring after him, left R3 confused. “Come on,” Pava said to the droid, the taste of metal in her mouth. “Let’s get you back to the ship.” As they left, Pava noted which way Rey stalked. When the sun was almost below the horizon, she gathered herself to herself, went where she had last seen Rey. She followed the signs ( remember Saph teaching you to track flobworms? ) across the craggy steps, to an outcropping she hadn’t been before. Here, white paving stones long-used sprouted from the mossy ground. They led her to a sort of amphitheater, a set-in-the-ground ring of seats, concentric and spiraling down to an open space. It was dark, now, and small lights came on automatically along the seats. It must have been a place for speeches, for performance or argument, and then Pava saw the Last Jedi, standing alone, moving his hands. She listened, hard, but could not catch the words. Master Luke spoke to an empty stage. No, not empty, not quite. Pava didn’t see anyone else but she—it almost seemed like she smelled them, or felt their heat. She sensed people, other people there. No definite shapes or sizes, she didn’t hear them, but when Master Luke’s voice paused she knew in the pit of her stomach that the people, the people who were there and also not there, they were answering him. Arguing, it seemed, for though she couldn’t make out his words she knew Master Luke’s tone to be one of anger and disagreement. “He’s arguing with—” a whisper in the dark came. Pava did not scream, but only because Rey’s hand slapped over her mouth in a flash, sealing the noise away from the space around them. “Shh, shh, sorry, it’s all right.” Rey whispered, her breath tickling the back of Pava’s neck. “Sorry, Jessika, I didn’t mean to scare you.” Distracted, Pava? Rey’s hand felt rough and scarred, and Pava wanted nothing more than to take it in her own hands, pore over each mark, trace them with her fingertips. Well, she wanted to do more, too, but the overwhelming desire to hold Rey’s hand surprised her. “He’s arguing with the ghosts, is what I was going to say.” She withdrew her hand, and Pava very nearly leaned after it, tried to keep it. “They’re not here all the time, and at first I couldn’t tell when they were here, but I can, don’t know, feel them now? Smell them? Something.” “Ghosts?” Pava whispered. “Like in the stories?” She felt Rey shrug one shoulder. “I think they’re Jedi ghosts. Can there be a Jedi ghost?” “I think a Jedi could probably make a ghost if they wanted.” Pava leaned ever so slightly into Rey’s warm arm. “What are they arguing about?” Rey huffed. “Me. Same as always. I think they tell him I’m too old to train, plus I’m a girl.” “A girl — that doesn’t matter.” Pava had always hoped that a childhood wasted reading too much about the lost Jedi Order would come in handy someday. “There have always been female Jedi. Hasn’t he, Master Luke, hasn’t he told you?” Rey’s silence didn’t seem promising, so Pava soldiered on. “You should read about Adi Gallia, she was on the Jedi Council before the Clone Wars, and a hell of a pilot, too. You’ll love her.” “I don’t think Master Luke cares much about me being a girl. He never mentions it.” Rey fiddled with the edge of her trousers. “I don’t even think the ghosts really care. I think it’s my age, and that I’m, you know.” Rey fell silent. “You’re what?” Another one-shouldered shrug. “I’m nobody. A scavenger orphan from a desert planet.” Pava laughed almost too loudly. “Do you know who Luke Skywalker was before he was Master Luke?” She made a gesture of reassurance and affection almost too easily, although she knew Rey probably didn’t understand. “An orphaned kid on a desert planet. His father, before he went to the Dark Side? A slave on a desert planet. If anything, you’re too much like them.” Rey nodded, Pava felt more than saw. “That’s the problem, I think. I’m too old, like they were, the both of them. And you’re not supposed to train someone too old. Or the ghosts don’t think so anyway.” “Master Luke clearly does.” Goddess, give me strength . “And he’s the one who matters, right? He’s your Master. These ghosts are nobody, not you.” Rey didn’t react for a long while, just listened to Master Luke’s voice echo against the stones, listened to his silences so full of something. They sat, shoulder to shoulder, and watched the man below them argue with nothing, or with himself, or with the Force, until they fell asleep. The next day, Master Luke came to the Mercator . “Well, this is a heap.” It startled a laugh out of Pava, and a bristle of possessive pride out of R3. “Can I help you, Master Luke?” “Come for a walk with me, Pava.” He held out one flesh hand to her, and for just a moment Pava thought about saying no, about getting in the ship and flying back to base, about shutting this moment of possibility away and going back to what she knew. They walked along what Master Luke called the soap cliff. “Why’d you call it that?” He smirked, looked exactly like his sister for a moment. “I didn’t call it anything, it was called that on the maps. Stupid name,” he said with fondness, “but so’s Skywalker, so.” “Sir, the Force,” the question spilled out before she could stop it, “does it ever make you do something? That you don’t want to do?” His eyes were careful, blank but not confused, and she continued, nearly stuttering with the anxiety to just say it, just tell someone, just once, tell someone the truth. Dameron and her squadron knew bits and pieces, things she couldn’t hide, and her family had known a little, things she hadn’t yet learned to hide, and maybe it was the way this planet seemed soaked in memory and impossible to find but she emptied all the hidden words out onto the grass. They had stopped walking, and she talked until she couldn’t breathe, and Master Luke looked out at the sky and the sea. Listened. Made no movement. She stopped talking in the middle of a sentence, like a faucet turned off. Had no more words to say. A pause. “How old were you when this started happening?” Master Luke’s eyes, clear and calm, met her own. Careful, Pava . “I think, I mean, I don’t really remember.” Liar . “They’ve always happened, I think. Maybe. I’m not sure.” Liar, liar, liar . “Hmm.” He looked away, over the ocean. Looked back at her. “If you don’t want to talk about them, we don’t have to. It would help you, probably. Sometimes I don’t know what I think about something until I argue about it with someone else.” He sounded so much like a teacher, like an uncle, and Pava had to swallow down the urge to open her arms for a hug. “Like the ghosts?” Shut up, Pava! He frowned for a moment. “Oh, Rey told you. Yes, the Force ghosts, although they don’t like to be called that.” The frown disappeared into his normal expression. “They’re good to argue with, since they can’t quite do anything about whatever you’re fighting about. And they all disagree with me and with each other, all in different ways, so that’s helpful.” “Who are they? Were they here when you got here?” “Some of them. Three came with me - two of my old masters, and my father. Or a version of my father, anyway. He left a long time ago, though.” “Are they real?” A gesture for uncertainty. “I think so. You can probably sense them, like Rey can.” At her nod, he continued. “They could just be the Force itself but they act the way I would expect them to if they were real. The ones that were here already, they’re more like the Force talking than people, like they’ve forgotten themselves a little.” He closed his eyes. “Can you feel them? They’re part of the Force, all around us. Through us.” Pava closed her eyes as well, tried to will her mind to reach out. “No, Master Luke.” “That’s all right. It comes and goes for everyone. That’s what training is about, Pava.” She opened her eyes to see him almost smiling. “Learning to feel it all the time?” “You could say that, but really, it’s learning to find it when it’s not there. That’s a bigger part of it.” He studied her face for a moment, a thoughtful frown creasing his face. “I think I started feeling this way when I was small, Master Luke.” She could feel him nodding to himself. “The Force made me find my mother, itched at me until I did it, and she was sick, nearly dying, and the Force saved her life.” “Through you.” “And then the next time it happened, I did what it told me, and it stopped a fire.” “You stopped the fire.” He didn’t say it like an argument, but like he was agreeing with her. That was wrong, subtly off, but she couldn’t place how or why. “The Force did, yes. And then any time I would try to ignore it, to not do what it said, something bad happened.” “Pava, I,” he stopped. Looked down at the grass, met her eyes briefly, looked over the sea. “So you stopped fighting it.” “Yes, Master Luke, but I—“ how to explain this, goddess, help me , “I don’t like it. It’s frightening and it makes things difficult and it hurts.” Master Luke’s frown deepened. “The Force shouldn’t hurt you, Pava. It shouldn’t make you do anything, either. Suggest, sure, but not compel like this, like what you’ve described.” A gesture of concern. “Would you mind if I took a look in your mind? I wouldn’t look at anything but the Force, the way it’s flowing in you.” Pava didn’t want him in her head, would scream if he looked too closely at her. Her throat closed, she could not tell him. He thought for a moment, head cocked almost as if he could hear her panic. “Frankly, I don’t even need to see in your head, now that I think about it. Just sort of the air around you.” Met her eyes. “All you would need to do is breathe calmly. You could meditate if you like, or go to sleep, or watch me like a seabird.” She half smiled, and he went on. “I’ll be doing nothing, really, just looking at you and thinking, but I might ask you a question once in a while. Or move my hands.” A long pause. “I can handle that.” He gave her a real smile. With it, he looked ten years younger and she wondered, suddenly, what he had been like then, before a decade of Force ghosts and mourning. “I figure you could handle anything, Pava.” They sat facing each other, the damp moss of the soap cliff soaking through their clothes. They talked, some out loud and some with gestures. They quieted, looked at everything but each other, then held each others’ gaze until Master Luke nodded. “That should help some, Pava. I don’t,” he struggled for a word, made a gesture for frustration aimed not at her but at the external situation. “I don’t know what’s going on, with you, with the Force. But I’d like to find out. Would it,” he paused, “would it be all right if I talked it over with the Force? Maybe with Rey a bit, too? She’s got a good head for this kind of stuff.” Pava nodded. The exercises and the talking and whatever very soft touches of the Force he had used were helping, did help. The constant background hum in her head was quieter, although not all gone, and her skin felt like it very nearly fit, and she could think clearly again. “Just, I,” a gesture for embarrassment, “thank you, Master Luke.” He waved the thanks away. “Remember the exercises we talked about, if it happens again. You should meditate every day, at least. Keep you on an even keel while we work this out.” “Master Luke, I have to ask—“ “No,” he interrupted. “You don’t, but I understand why you feel you do. I’m not going to the base with you. Not right now, maybe not ever, but definitely not this trip.” He smiled a little, sadly, like he wanted to cry and laugh at the same time. “My sister will hate me for about a second and then get right back to work. I’ll write up a message.” He stood, knees creaked and bones unsteady for just a moment, he’s getting older, Pava , cracked his neck one way and then the other. “You should ask Rey, though. She’d do well there, and we’re about to hit the end of what I can safely teach her here anyway.” As he walked away, Pava stayed seated. She waited for the choking feeling of failure, waited for her thoughts to call her worthless, pathetic, should-be-dead-instead-of, but nothing came. The thrum of her heart stayed steady. She stood, too, after some time. Wandered back to where Rey was playing a catch-ball game of her own devising against Chewie. When Rey saw her, that smile could have powered the Falcon all by itself. “Want to come back to D’Qar with me?” Smooth, Pava . Rey looked confused. “What?” Pava cleared her throat. “Sorry, um. Master Luke’s not going to come fight for the Resistance. That was my job, here, why the General sent me. To find out. So.” She breathed, long shallow breath, found that stone just where it should be in the center of herself. “So I figured tomorrow or the day after I’d head back. Master Luke said, offered, that if you wanted to go with me, you could. That he might come later.” She glanced over to where Chewie was listening, thoughtful. “Or you could come back after a visit, if you want. Whatever you want.” Rey bit her lip, looked away. “I don’t, maybe. I’m not sure.” She looked, too, at Chewie, and at R2. “They miss their friends, and I miss Finn. And you.” They smiled at each other for half a heartbeat. “Maybe. Let me think about it.” “Of course.” Pava made a soothing gesture, and Rey almost seemed to catch it. “Hungry?” “Always.” They strode together toward the kitchens, step by step, not touching but very near. The damp green overgrowth held, for just a moment, the imprints of their steps. Notes: Title from "Breathe," Daveed Diggs, viewable on Youtube , performed live at PFF! Live 2-29-2016. Also, writing Star Wars fic is, it turns out, incredibly difficult for me, because it's such a big wide world with such specific lanes. This is one complete story but I'm splitting it into, uhhh, let's say four parts. There are sections not completed yet, and it's definitely a WIP but I promise you, I've worked harder on this one than on any others. All my love to my dear LP, whose cheerleading is the reason this didn't stop at the seven handwritten pages I was compelled to scrawl at work ages and ages ago.