I “You will be taking your sister place at the academy. If you choose to run or fail to complete the academy,” The head of the Hux family Brendol Hux lean forward his hands folded on the desk, “She will face a fate far worse than you can ever imagine.” Those the words Hux’s father said to him hours before having to leave to for the Arkanis Academy. Hux’s sister since being the technically born of Hux’s father and his wife, Hux’s sister was going to be put in the academy but Hux… Armitage Hux sacrificed himself for her. A weakness Brendol used against Armitage. The older Hux did not want to send his weak little girl to the academy. He knew she wouldn’t make it and put shame on his family but Armitage was not. Even though the was as thin as paper and possibly just as useless, the Hux’s fire burned inside of him. The boy’s sharp mind and tongue made for his fragile looking form. Brendol knew his bastard son would bloom in the academy. “Do you understand,boy?” The father spoke. The small, thin boy in front of him standing at attention with his hands behind his back standing like an officer speaking to superior officer. Armitage stared right into his father’s eyes, eyes that he did not share and said, “I understand,” He let out a steady breath, “Father.” Today is the end of the Republic! The end of a regime that acquiesces to disorder! At this very moment in a system far from here, the New Republic lies to the galaxy while secretly supporting the treachery of the loathsome Resistance! This fierce machine which you have built, upon which we stand will bring an end to the Senate, to their cherished fleet! ALL REMAINING SYSTEMS WILL BOW TO THE FIRST ORDER!!! AND WILL REMEMBER THIS AS THE LAST DAY OF THE REPUBLIC!!! You watch the footage taken from Starkiller base of Hux’s speech before destroying the Hosnian system sent to your father and forward to you. You knew why your father sent you this. To show that the boy you once care for is now a man, no not a man. A monster. Once the video was finished you turned it off and your holopad. You rather not think such thoughts before seeing your brother that evening. You set the holopad beside your bed before getting up to ready for the day. Preparations had to made to welcome Hux home. While at least for a couple of days. You can’t said you aren’t excited to see him after so many years apart and without contact. You sighed and smiled twirling a little on one foot. You were happy even after seeing footage for him giving an order to kill tenths of billions. You took off your nightgown tossing it on the floor looking at your bareform in the mirror. Hux changed and became a man. You changed and became a woman. Both Armitage and yourself stood in silence as the sounds of moaning and groaning pass through the door that leads to the kitchen.Armitage’s face was completely red as well as yours. The moans got softer for a second and a male voice saying strange words could be heard. Your cringed a little. The man was dirty talking. You tugged on your brother’s shirt, “Let’s go somewhere else, Amie.” You whispered. The teenager stayed focus on the door then looked at you, “Uh yeah.” You smiled a little and pulled him away to elsewhere. You both were hungry after playing around the house even though both you and Armitage were fourteen years of age. You were still childish. Armitage head was down as you walked with his hand in yours. “Maybe we can pick something up at the garden.” You said out loud. Armitage didn’t say anything at your statement. Once outside Armitage looked up at the cloudy sky then at you. His face was still slightly red but losing color. He sat on the ground watching your look around to find anything inside the greenhouse but return to him minutes with nothing in hand. “Do you think maybe their finish?” You asked in defeat and knee down in front of Armie. Your brother shook his head, “It takes about an hour to finish with...hm sex..only if both parties what to feel...satisfied.” “Oh..” You sighed and looked at the dirt on the ground, “Wait how do you know that?!” “.....I looked it up…” “Why?” “I was curious..” The weird thing about his reply was the fact he wasn’t embarrassed about it. You blushed for him. Armitage took your hand into his and with the other hand he used to tilt your head up to look at him. You had to wrap your arms around yourself shivering from memory. The memory of him like this with you made your heart speed up slightly, your cheek becoming tinted red. You miss him. You when to the refresher to clean up (maybe take a cold shower). Armitage had started growing into himself at a young age. Though he was still thin he was not bony, no he had muscle. His hands felt warm against your skin. Your eyes looked into his blue eyes. The eyes of a clear sky you never get to see on Arkains. You lean forward making Armitage fall back with your lips on his. For a brief moment his eyes widen in surprise at your bold action but immediately closed to savor the feeling of your soft lips on his. The hand on your chin moved to hold you by the back of your neck causing the kiss to deepen. This was wrong in every part of the galaxy this was wrong. Armitage pulled away placing kisses on your exposed neck and shoulder. By the Marker he loved when you wore dresses. Easy to slip on and off. “Here.” Was the only word he said in the heated silence between the both of you. You let out a shaky breath, “Caught,” You hiss a little when the redhead groped your butt too harshly, “Here..C-Caught.” The words you could muster out. Armitage stop growling a little when he had to stop. He did not what to both be interrupted when he has your nor for anyone to see come undone when he has you. That was for his eyes only. You were nudged up to get off so he could sit up. You sat next him adjusting yourself thinking that was end of it but Armitage quickly stood up grabbing your hand pulling you up from the ground harshly. “The greenhouse will have to do for moment.” It sometimes it scared you how much Armitage was like his father. Possessive, willing to take risks to get what he wanted. “A-Armie!” You shriek when he forced you on your back against the greenhouse door, hands working quickly to get your dress off. His lips quickly met yours to keep you quiet. Your eyes look into his eyes. It like his eyes changed with his mood. Blue eyes now bluish with a sparkle of green. You gasp in his mouth when started rocking his hips into yours. You weren’t just standing there letting him do all the work. Your hands were in hair, neck, chest to unbutton his shirt letting it fall to ground. The kiss broke so both of you could restore your lungs with air. “Armitage.” “(Name).” He lift the bottom of your dress, you pulled down his fly going into his pants to free his prick. A puff on hot air brush against your cheek. The redhead moved the piece of clothing blocking him from entering. You help him angle his dick in front your womanhood. “Sorry.” He said when he thrust himself into you. You toss your head back in pain whimpering quietly. Due the fact he didn't prepare you for him it hurt when entered you. Wrap your arms around his neck pulling him closer. He groan at the feeling around his dick not giving you a moment to adjust. He was reckless when it came to sex due the lack of experience. You tried to keep up with him as best as you could. He nip the top of. your part breast knowing no one could see those unless you were bare. The thought made his thrust fast and hard. You couldn't contain the moans coming from your mouth as you were being used. “Only you.” You said in his ear. “Only you.” Armitage smiled kissing your cheek knowing you felt his inner desire. He was your first and wanted to be your only. “Armie, please!” The sound of your desperate voice making him work faster in you. Both of you and your brother weren't going last long from this activity. Desperation was happening what both of you were feeling. Hands and kiss feeling anything it could reach, lower body movements fast and Armitage moving deeper inside of you. Both siblings yelling out each others name as they came. Armitage pulled himself out of you holding you up watching his cum leak out of you. You laid flat against the door eyes closed panting heavily and sweat on your forehead. He adjusted your underwear then himself. “Thank you.” You lean forward against the shower wall pulling your own two fingers out your womanhood. You let out a long sigh in relief after you finish touching yourself. You never did such a thing before even Armitage left. You thought it was dirty and unbecoming of woman to touch herself but the memory worked you up so you did what you had to do to work yourself down. Maker you needed Armitage here with you right now. Once you finish cleaning yourself up and dressed for the day as well as preparing your gown for tonight, you left your room to seek out your mother. It had been so long since Armitage now known as Hux thought about his time with you. His mind needed to clear of anything or one that could possible cloud his judgment. Temptation to Guilt. Two feeling a General has no need for on the battlefield but what the boy who still looks out the window of his room at the Arkains’ sky hoping to see the sun felt. The temptation he felt as a child looking a goddess of his own age and blood looking lovingly at him. Caring for him when his father or step-mother verbally abused. The guilt that he manipulated you into sleeping with him using your love for him as a tool. There was not a moment during his time in the academy did Hux not think about the way he treated you. You may not have notice what he was doing but Hux knew. He made you bend both literally and figuratively to his will. Looking back Hux was just like his awful father. Manipulative and unlovable. If only you could have saw that….. Chapter 2 : Sweet Sister Dear Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) "Do not make yourself look like a fool in front of my father." There was no “please” in that statement. It was said like an order. An order for the Commander of the First Order, Kylo Ren. "I don't know why you would wanted to come with me to see my parents--" "And sister." "Excuse me?" "Your parents and sister. Don't you want to see your sister as well?" There was a mocking tone hidden by the voice modulator. Hux stop the moment Ren mention her . “You will do well to stay away from her, Ren .” It didn't take a mind reader or Force user to catch the hint of a threat. Ren stop only a couple of steps away from the General and turned his body slightly to look at the other man. Ren could feel the odd feeling of protectiveness from Hux about his sibling as well as something. Ren couldn't properly pinpoint the feeling due to Hux being able to block Ren from his mind. A standard training for the higher up First Order officers in case of capture. Of course Ren could easily rip the thoughts from Hux’s mind if he wanted to but it was unnecessary at the moment. “As you wish, General.” Hux snarled at the reply the Commander give him. He will be have sure to limit the interactions Ren had with his sister. ”So glad you decided to grace us with your presence, Armitage.” The bitter hag of a stepmother said while leaning both Hux and Ren to dining hall. “Armitage?” The Knight teased projecting his thoughts to the General. Hux quickly snapped a, “ Don't you ever speak that name!” Ren had shut Hux out of his mind quickly after that. The yelling gave Ren a sharp pain in his head. “We are most very gracious that you have come to join, Lord Ren.” The old woman said stopping and turning around to face the men. “It’s not everyday we are able to host a Force User.” She push open the door to the dining room with one arm, “I do hope you enjoy yourself.” Brendol sat the head of the table with his wife on the right side of him and an slightly younger man, a senator to the left of him. Hux sat next his stepmother and cross of him was his sister. Ren sat at the other end of the table masked removed and resting on his left side. Ren didn't speak much during dinner instead he opted to just observe the Hux family. Mostly just General Hux who seemed very interested in watching you and the Senator interact. The subtle way the Senator’s hand brush against your or the smile you gave him when glancing at him. Kylo was not one to judge when it came to others relationships (since he himself never had been in one) so it meant nothing to him but to Hux. “Getyourdamnkriffinghandsoffher” The blur of angry words filled the General’s mind. An odd reaction to see one’s sister happy with man who seems to favor her greatly. Hux was subtle about his observations of the “couple”. He multi tasked between keep up and interacting with the conversation his parents were having and eyeing his sister. After dinner Kylo took great pleasure in following Hux around and using his mind connection to whisper things into Hux’s mind knowing fully well Hux hated that. “She’s quite pretty.” Hux just send him a glare over his shoulder. “The senator is quite lucky to have a woman such as her by his side.” Hux clenched a fist as they walked through the manor. “ Must be an amazing bed warmer.” Hux flexed his hand, clenching and unclenching his fist. “ Senator loves to think about being in between her legs.” Hux heard Kylo’s chuckle echo in his mind, “ The sweet taste--” Hux turned around quickly making Kylo stand chest to chest with General Hux. Hux eyes stare into Kylo’s visor, “You do well to NEVER speak about my sister in such way again, Ren.” Hux voice wasn’t loud with anger, no it was a calm tone filled with a cool rage. Kylo head moved down just enough so that most of their foreheads touched, “She more to you than you lean on to, Hux.” Kylo said. Hux’s face remained stoic as he was walked into a wall behind him by the Commander. “And you take too much pleasure in trying to make me uncomfortable then you lean on to, Ren.” Ren had no reply for that. Hux and Ren kept staring at each other in the empty hallway. Hux didn’t flinch or break eye contact when Ren’s hand slammed against either side on his head nor he move when the others covered face was slightly touching his. It was a game, a game to see with one of them would try to get away from the intimate position they were both in. “If really wanted to be effective Ren maybe you should have removed you idiotic helmet. Maker knows how much I detest your face.” “You detest me in general, Hux.” Ren moved his hands away to remove his helmet letting it fall to the floor with a thump. “Better?” “No, you smell like wine.” “Is it the smell that bothers you or the fact you can’t taste it?” The snarky smirk on his face appeared to Hux’s displeasure. Hux’s eyes narrowed at Ren’s question. “I only like the taste of high quality fresh wine not cheap leftover wine.” Kylo chuckled at Hux’s quick reply. “ I bet if your sister let you drink some cheap wine from her mouth you wouldn’t mind.” Hux made a move to possibly punch Ren but found himself frozen in place. Kylo’s hand brush against Hux forehead, “You seem tense, General.” Hux had to force himself to stop the whine of pain escaped his mouth, “Why don’t I help you relieve some of that tension, hmm?” Hux started to sweat as he did his best to put up walls in his mind to stop Kylo from reading his thoughts about his sister. Walls made of useless information and feelings. None about his sister not even the slightest hint of her in his mind. “If you keep resisting me, General. I will have to rip what I want out of you.” “G-Go ahead and try you son of bitch.” He choked out. “As you wish, General.” Hux sat slumped in the chair of his room with a glass of some sort of alcohol he took from his father's study. He was now eighteen years old and fresh out of the academy. He looked tired both mentally and physically. He didn't even look up when light from the hallway peak through the doorway. “I ordered not to be disturbed.” He said. You appeared from the side of the door, “Armie?” Your quiet voice made your brother’s nickname. Armitage lift the glass of liquor up to his lips take a generous amount into his mouth swallowing it and hissing quietly as the liquor burned his throat. “Come in.” You walked inside slowly, “Close and lock the door behind you.” You followed his command smoothly. “Armie are you okay?” You took steps towards him, “You didn't show up at--” “Remove your dress.” Another slip of his drink. You stopped midway towards him, “W-What?” “Remove your dress or I will .” His tone scared you a little. You shyly moved your hands to back of your dress lowering the zipper then push the loose sleeves down your arms and let the dress drop the floor pooling around your feet. You weren't watching as your brother stood up with the glass at hand. “Off. All of it. Keep the heels on.” You just complied. Now you were covering your chest with your arms, “Armie please I am worried about you.” You said. He just hummed. “You want to make me feel better?” “Yes.” A gasp of shock broke from your lips as Armitage poured the remainder of his drink on your head, “Then let’s get started, sister dear.” Kylo pulled his hand away from Hux head as well as taking a step back from the redhead. He didn't drive any deeper into the memory. He didn't need to in order to understand what sort of relationship Hux and sister had. Hux struggle to stay standing and had to lean on a conveniently placed hallway table. Hux’s other hand wipe away the sweat from his forehead and slick back his hair neatly. “So that is why--” “Don’t even speak.” Hux bark at Ren. The anger he had was clearly evident on his face and voice, “You had no right to go into my mind and dare to see her like that!” Kylo seem taken aback by that for a second. Hux straighten himself out quickly, “Go speak with my mother if you want a bloody tour of the manor, Commander.” With that the General moved and push pass Ren leaving the dark jedi alone in the hallway. Hux needed to get away from Ren before he would have done something regrettable. He was breathing through his nostrils as he made his way to your room. His mother stopped him just midway. The old hag grabbed his arm gently which he could have brush past but he stopped and looked down at the woman. “You look flush, my son.” “I’m just tired,” He pulled his arm away, “And I am not your ‘son’.” He said coldly. The mother’s eyes narrowed and turned away walking forward pass Hux with her head up high. Hux tsk rolling his eyes and continued walking. You sat in front of your mirror brushing your hair went Hux entered without making a sound. If wasn't for that fact your mirror was angled to see the door you wouldn't have known he came in. You turned in your seat and set your brush down. A smile appeared on your feature, “Armie!” Your cheerful voice rang in his ear. All he had to do was hold his arms out and you came running towards him practically tackling him. He held on to you, “Hello my beloved sister.” He said as he kissed your cheek. You had tears falling down your face as you kissed your brother long and hard. “By the Maker I thought I wasn't going to ever see you again.” You whispered on to his lips. Hux always could count on you to be affectionate towards him like the loving sister you are. His hands held on your hips, “I miss you too.” He said kissing your forehead. You felt him tense suddenly under your touch. You pulled back slightly to look at him with a confused expression, “Armie?” “Have you forgotten who you belong too, my beloved sister?” You shook your head quickly, “N-No! Of course not, brother.” “Then please explain to me when that man was all over you like a Rancor over a corpse?” “He..He” He what?” He grip tighten to the point to made you whine in pain, “I’m not a patient man, (Name).” “Brother please understand I--” Hux moved you forward picking you up and tossing you over his shoulder making you yelp in shock. “Armie, please!” You tried to hold on to him but then he toss you on the bed. “Armitage please stop.” He crawled over to you as you back away. Hux stopped only when you were pinned down under him. He only used one hand to rip open one side of your dress. “You even let him taste your skin.” You looked away in shame as your brother examined your bruised neck. “So while I was gone you decided to become a whore?” You didn’t realized you had closed your eyes until they snapped open and you over at Armitage, “NO!” The shout made Hux narrow his eyes. He didn’t like it when you dared raised your voice at him. “No, I did it for you.” You said quickly lowering your voice. “What are you talking about?” “You know politics right?” “Of course.” You looked away, “Sometimes we have to do things in order to get what we need..” Hux raised an eyebrow, “You--” He sat back on the bed, “You?” You nodded, “The Order needed funding and he was willing only if--” Hux got up from the bed, “Enough I get the idea.” He looked calm as stood but the flexing of his hand made known to you that he wasn’t. Not in the least. You laid there before sitting up and reaching for his hand, “Armitage I am truly sorry.” You lean forward and kissed his gloved hand, “Father wanted to be sure of your success.” Hux looked down at you and knelt down in front of you. He pulled you forward into his chest shushing you. Notes: This became longer then expected..... Opps I don't regret the Kylux part. I really don't because I liked writing that part. Chapter 3 : Affairs and Proposal Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Kylo found the rainy weather of Arkanis to be bothersome. The garden of the Hux’s estate was magnificent but he couldn't walk through the garden as he preferred his clothes clean. He also found having to wear normal clothes irritating as well. The people of Arkanis did not need to know that Commander of the First Order was visiting though General Hux had invited him to travel with him into the city for the day with his sister. An odd thing since Kylo had been told to stay away from her as well as upset Hux when Kylo found out about their relationship. The information about the siblings didn't seem to bother Kylo like it would to a normal person. In fact Kylo envied the General. Kylo had never had someone there for him nor willing to do whatever it took to please him so greatly. Kylo looked down at the wet marble under his feet. “ You’re a lucky man, Hux.” The thought pass to the man who came to get him. “You believe so, Ren?” Hux spoke and stood by Kylo. He knew what Kylo was speaking about, the love he and sister shared. It seemed the knight was sulking about it, rather than how the scavenger girl beat him and him for dead. “If you are finished being-- how to the children say,” He looked at Kylo, “ ‘Being emo’ . We can leave.” Kylo sent him a glare at the ‘emo’ comment. He stood up towering slightly over Hux. “Careful, Hux.” Hux just rolled his eyes when the knight quoted him. The man seems to never forget Hux’s words but never adheres to them. Hux’s hands held together rest against his lower back as Kylo walked besides him. It like the two were still on the Finalizer, neither walked casually, both walked with power. “My sister wished to have asked you to join us but she was held up with business,” Hux explain. His hands behind his back like the way he did during his speech, “She will meet us outside the property.” “She wanted to see me?” Kylo seemed to only care about that tidbit of information. Hux nodded, “Guess she's curious about a Jedi.” He smirked as if daring Kylo to retaliate against him for calling him a ‘Jedi’. “I will gladly inform her that I am not Jedi. ” He growl out. Hux open his mouth ready to take the last word but a upon leaving the manor he could see his sister outside the gates speaking with the Senator. A grim look came over his face as his mouth formed a snarl of disapproval. “ The General jealous? Aw, upset your sister isn't giving you a kiss goodbye, Armitage?” The teasing voice of Kylo Ren echoed in his mind. Hux imagined slamming Kylo’s face into a wall. “ Remember Kylo Arkanis is known for its dangerous woods.” Hux threatened. Kylo didn't reply to the threat. He looked over at you waving the Senator goodbye. You told there with an umbra in hand and the other holding up the top part of your dress so the muddy ground wouldn't dirty it. “ Wow.” The thought slip from Kylo’s mind into Hux's. “What?” Hux said looking at Kylo slightly confused. Kylo shook his head then looked at Hux, “We shouldn't keep her waiting.” He made long strides towards Hux’s sister. “Its design is based from the ones used in The Great Scourge of Malachor.” He explained while you examined his lightsaber. You were generally fascinated by Kylo Ren, the power he called a upon and his weapon. “Wow.” You said with astonishment. You handed him back the weapon, “So you are an historian, Lord Ren?” Hux inward gagged when you called Kylo “Lord Ren”, it held too much power that Kylo did not deserve nor truly have. “Of shorts, Lady Hux.” You giggled so softly while hiding your smile with a hand, “You may call me (Name).” You were being your natural kind and sweet self, something Hux could not yell at you for, it is just your nature. Kylo glance at Hux who sat besides you in the landspeeder. “As you wish, (Name).” The nerve of this man! Hux was about ready to pull out his blaster and shoot Kylo Ren no matter the consequences but the moment you placed a hand on his it reminded him of one thing. You belonged to him. “Lord Ren is it true you could read minds?” You asked making sure to hold Hux who had a smirk on his face. “Yes, (Name).” “Could you read my mind?” You gave a closed smile. Kylo raised an eyebrow but nodded, “Of course just relax this won't hurt,” He placed a hand on your head, “Much.” “Tell me how long do you plan to keep toying with my brother, Kylo? Do you enjoy seeing him angry or is it you want something more but can not have it?” Kylo pulled away from your mind carefully as his looked at you in disbelief as if you knew something. You looked at him so calmly him then look over at you brother and started conversing with him. Kylo remain quiet trying to figure you out. It was like you read him so easily. Maybe due your “closeness” to your brother you could tell when someone is attracted to him. You didn't sound bitter in your thoughts no in fact you sounded almost scared… as if Kylo was going to take Hux away from you. Then the realization hit him. You loved your brother. Not the way Hux supposedly “loved” you but true love. Kylo relaxed in his seat. He found himself curious about the feelings you expressed towards Hux. Even as you both got off the landspeeder with him trailing behind watching you cling to Hux’s arm and talk. Throughout the walk you held on to him then one moment you let go of him to look at a ventures jewelry selection. Kylo remain with you before whisking you away when Hux wasn't looking. “I can't believe I lost them!” Snapped Hux who looked around him for you and Ren but mostly you. He not trust Ren alone with you especially after during the time at the market place when Kylo kept commenting about your beauty or your butt. Hux made a fist as he walked through the crowds in search of you. Hux was manipulative and so was Kylo to a greater degree, if Hux got you to love him, he could dread on what Kylo would do to you. You had to force Kylo’s lips off your own just so you could breath which he was making hard to do when he pulled the collar of your dress open to kiss your neck. Your hands laid on his covered chest gripping on the material. You head moved the side the moment he moved kiss you again. “It's like kissing your brother. ” Your eyes widen in disbelief. “You kissed my brother?” Kylo mouth formed a sly smirk as his head laid on your shoulder, “And more.” Your eyes fell closed, “I see.” You opened them again this time moving your face close to his so he could properly kiss you. Hux's kisses were always controlled. Kylo's kisses were demanding and messy. You wrapped your arms over his shoulders pulling him closer to you. His hands held your hips against his own. “So much different though.” He breathe against your lips. “Gentle and welcoming.” He kissed your chin. “Like home.” You gasp when you felt something touch your inmate area. “He misses your warmth,” You brought a hand to your mouth and bit on your index finger. “Your affection.” Tear gathered at the corner of your eyes. “He only thinks of you when he and I… Well you know.” You tossed your head back against the brick wall, whining in brief pain. “I needed to know why. Why he thought of you. So soft. So pure.” You let out almost silent moan as an orgasm hit you. You went limp in Kylo’s arms. “Now I understand why.” “ I did not wish to whore myself out,” You begun the moment you and Hux were alone in his room. He turned towards you only to meet an heartache filled slap across the face. You were crying at this point after holding it all the pain during the ride home from the marketplace with nothing to show for it (expect your moist underwear). Hux face looked in shock at the pain he felt though he did not show that the slap hurt him in any physical way. “What is this all about, sister?” His hands were twitching as angry filled him. “Yours and mine! That was our promise! You-- You. BASTARD!” You screamed at him falling to the floor sobbing. “I told you my mistakes. My inability to not fight back and just let father control me but you,” You looked up at him in hate, “You gladly slept with him.” Hux looked at you with an stoic expression. “What are you talking about?” “Just tell to me you did it because you needed him on your side, Armie. Please I don't care if you did but just tell me!” Hux grabbed your arm pulling up to him, “What. Are. You. Talking. About?!” His face red with anger. “Kylo Ren.” You said in disgust. Hux facial color slowly went back to it normal shade, “What did he tell you?” “You and him have been active together.” Hux head moved back slightly as he sighed, “My apologies sister--” Your shouted out and started hitting his chest with all your strength which only made him shift a little back “How could you?! You promised!” You stopped with your hands on his chest and face against it staining his jacket with your tears. “Do you know how long it has been since I’ve touched you?” He hands moved up to tilt your face up by your chin. “Over twenty years.” He rubbed his thumb on your chin. You closed your eyes and went on the tips of your toes as Hux leaned down and kissed you. His arms wrapping around your waist. “There was and is only you.” His head moved down nuzzling your clean neck. He could smell Kylo's scent on you but did not allow it to ruin the moment, he knew Ren caused your distress. “I have and always will love you.” You let out a moan when his lips met your throat. He didn't bother undressing you or myself, no there was no time for savoring. Now was just time to give into the needs of the flesh. Your hands went to work on unzipping his fly and pulling his prick out and soothing the aching flesh with a nice long slow stroke. Hux pulled up and held your dress up by your waist while the other moved your underwear to the side revealing your ready cunt. You wrap a leg around his waist, moaning happily when he slipped himself inside of you. “(Name).” He said as he thrusts into you. He kept saying your name over and over as his thrusts pick up. He grabbed your butt holstering you up in his arms with his strength. He was no longer the meek boy with a smart mouth. He is now the man would commands the Order’s armies and caused the fall of the New Republic. You held on to his shoulders, tossing your head back. He moved back sitting on the bed. “I got you.” He kissed you, “I have you.” Your head rest against his. “Armitage.” You kissed his face everywhere you could, “Oh Armitage.” He growled as his thrust became more force full and less controlled. “(Name).” You let out a cry when his hand touched your clit. He never touched you in such a way, as children you both were so inexperienced. You shuddered as it suddenly came, your body could never get use to Hux touch, it was like a never ending surprise. “Kriff! Oh stars.” You smash your lips on to his. He let out a heavy and loud groan when he came inside of you, holding on to you until the haze of lust and pain disappeared leaving only you asleep in Hux arms. He let his bare fingers skim over the skin of your naked back illuminated by the moonlight peeking through the light curtains in front of the window. You hummed in your sleep, shifting slightly in the bed. Your skin felt so much softer than anything he had touched in years even softer than the cat Millicent he has cared for. His eyes followed his fingers as they slowly moved the blanket lower to expose more skin to him. Hux stopped the moment you turned over, groaning a little with a frown on your face as if something you were dreaming was disturbing you. Hux’s breath hitched at the sight of your bare chest; he looked away for a second, occasionally glancing quickly at your chest. Biting his lip, the General stood from his seat beside your bed returning to the spot at the window. He removed his coat; resting it on the chair and the other glove on his hand putting it in his coat pocket. Using his feet to remove his shoes then kicking them under the seat, he looked behind him as he unbuttoned his uniform shirt, laying it on top of his coat next to his pants. Now left in his undershirt, boxers and socks, the man walked to your bed and got the under the covers next to you. Your body naturally curling up to Hux, clinging to him like a toy. Hux looked down at you before resting his chin on your head and closing his eyes letting the scent of you smooth him. “I will free you my dearest sister.” It was late at night when Hux left you alone in his room to go to call Ren for a meeting. His father's study was the best place in the manor since no one would enter there at such a late hour. Hux sat in his father's chair in his robe when Kylo walked in looking somewhat awake. “What is it, Hux.” His hair was a mess but so was Hux’s too. He lean forward resting his hands folded on the desk. “I have a proposal for you, Ren.” Hux voice was clear and calm. Kylo raised an eyebrow but stayed and sat down in the chair in front of the desk, “Go on.” “I understand you have come to favor my sister.” “Of course.” Hux smirked, “She's appealing to the eyes isn't she?” He lean back allowing Kylo to see the dark smirk on his. “She has given a lot to me over the years both in power and pleasure but not once have I given her want she real needs.” “Where is this going, Hux?” “I think you already know, Ren.” He tilt his head to the side. “I want you to kill my father.” Hux could not risk saying the words out loud. Kylo in all the five years he has worked with Hux, he never once knew Hux darkest desires or personal goals. All his open goals were about restoring order to the galaxy. Kylo looked a bit surprised. “Why?” He spoke. “He holds her down by a leash. I want to free my sister from it. ” Hux found this problem as problem he must deal with now. Kylo nodded, “I see but what do I get in return?” He wanted Hux to say it so he was absolutely sure this wasn't so game Hux was playing with him. “I’ll allow you to join in on my little affair.” Notes: Star Wars universe where no father is safe Notes: Based off this fanfic: http://archiveofourown.org/works/7465584