Hux, Ben, and Weird Friends Hux sits at the table, his legs propped up on the chair across him, and he gently sips the cup of tea in his hand. He watches the people bustling in the little coffee shoppe whilst he drinks, and glances through the window to observe the activity outside. It's a cold winter day, the sun coolly beaming down on the freezing earth below. Hux snuggles deeper into his thick, gray coat, and adjusts his red scarf merely at the sight. A biting wind nips at those in the cold, the snow collecting on their attires and turning the tips of their noses red. Hux hates cold weather. The views are lovely, and the festivities are marvelous, but Hux hates the chilliness. Ever since his childhood, Hux never enjoyed rolling around in the snow, but preferred a good book inside the warmth of his home, possibly with a good cup of tea. And that's also exactly where Hux prefers to be if his friend, Rey had not asked him to come. Speaking of which, where is that girl ? Hux thinks irritably, but he doesn't let it show through his usually plain-faced expression. As if on cue, a petite girl eaten up by her own clothes bursts into the shoppe, and she removes her hat, letting her buns free. Hux watches as she walks up to the counter and orders, then turns to look for Hux, her face lighting up with a dazzling smile as she does. She grabs her order as it's shouted, and she makes her way to Hux's table. Hux kicks down his feet, leaning on the table and smiling back to the beamish girl. “It's a hundred degrees in here!” Rey exclaims, stripping herself of her snow-covered scarf as she sits down, “How are you doing?” “I'm doing fine,” Hux takes a sip of his tea, “And you?” “I'm doing great!” Rey giggles, “The weather is wonderful!” Hux grimaces in disagreement, and looks outside. “What are we doing today?” Hux asks. “Well, I was thinking...” Rey purses her lips, her eyes gleaming hopefully, “We could...like...go to the ice rink?” “The ice rink? Really?” Hux sounds unimpressed. With one look of Rey's hopeful eyes, he sighs, “Okay. Fine. Just don't expect me to hop on skates. I'm going to watch.” Rey grins, excitedly hopping in her seat, “Yay! Thanks, Hux!” “ When do you want to go?” Hux inquires, taking a look at his watch. “ Now?” Rey requests, “Please?” Hux shrugs, “Fine.” Both take their things and leave the cafe into the cold weather outside. Hux shoves his free, gloved hand into his coat's pocket and holds his hot tea close to his face. The snow is already perched on his shoulders and decorated in his hair, and he turns to Rey. “I'll meet you there,” Hux tells her, playing with his keys in his pocket. Rey gives a thumbs up, putting her hat back on her head. She points to him in an accusing way. “You better!” She warns, making her way to her own car. Hux rolls his eyes and begins to jog to his vehicle. Out of nowhere, giving Hux no time to react, a body dressed in black slams into his shoulder, sending the poor red-head into the freezing snow. “Hey!” Hux exclaims. He frowns when he looks down at his tea-soaked coat and the stained snow near-by. He looks up to the person, who is crouched over the snow and fumbling with objects fallen in the cold sugar. “Dammit,” The guy mutters under his breath. Hux huffs and stands up, dusting as much of the wet white powder as he can before walking over to the person's side. Hux stares as the person gathers his things with shaking limbs, placing them back in the bag halfway buried into the snow. Hux huffs again and kneels, collecting a book and handing it to the male, who is quick to snatch it out of Hux's grasp, and he puts it with his other things. “Thanks. Sorry,” The guy apologizes in a murmur, standing up. Hux stands up, too, taking a quick look at the person. The man is young, from what Hux can tell, his pale skin freckled, his luscious waves of raven hair pulled into a ponytail, warm brown eyes edged with thick lashes, and complete with lips a deep, but seductive Tuscan red. Hux clears his throat, brushing a loose stand of hair behind his ear. “That's okay,” Hux says, “Just watch it next time.” The man doesn't break eye contact, as if to study Hux, making the latter a tad uncomfortable, but he shrugs it off anyway. “Um...” The man blinks, looking away and adjusting the backpack slung around his shoulder, “I have somewhere to be.” “Right,” Hux brushes down a lapel on his coat, “And I as well.” With a muttered 'good-bye,' both go separate ways. Hux gets into his car, taking off his coat and throwing it in the back. Hux knows he'll wash it later. Hoping nothing spontaneous happens, Hux drives to the ice rink, but only after debating if he should buy another tea or not. O/O/O/O When Hux arrives, Rey is already in her skates and also the only one on the ice. When she sees him, she enthusiastically skates over to him, that same beamish grin on her face. “You made it!” She cheers, hopping on her skate's toe-picks. She stops, staring at her shivering friend, “Hey...where's your coat?” “Some asshole wasn't looking where he was going.” Hux says, now wishing he had his coat with him, and cursing the person who dirtied it with tea, “It's in the car.” “Well, I have a sweater you can borrow.” Rey says. “No, thank you,” Hux says, “I think I'll be okay.” “Are you sure you don't want to come on the ice? I have tickets!” Rey offers. “Positive,” Hux nods, pinching his fingers in an 'okay' symbol. Hux walks up and sits on the ice-cold bleachers, trying to keep himself warm. Below, Rey does a spin—a broken-leg spin, as she once told him. Hux claps as she looks to him, and she giggles. “She brought you, too?” Hux looks up, smiling to Phasma in greeting. The tall, womanly blonde sits next to him, taking a swig from the water bottle in her hand. She crosses her skated feet and nudges Hux. “Why aren't you on the ice?” Phasma asks teasingly, “Where are your skates?” “Very funny, Phas,” Hux says sarcastically, “I don't own skates, anyway.” “On a more serious note, where's your coat?” Phasma inquires with a raised eyebrow. “Not here,” Hux mumbles, “And on that note, why aren't you on the ice?” Phasma giggles, “Intermission.” The blonde stands, stretching. “But I guess I can go back,” Phasma shrugs, standing in a determined stance, “My girlfriend needs me.” Phasma winks, “See ya later, Mr. Frozen Pants.” Hux snorts, rolling his eyes and adverts his stare back to the ice. Rey is twirling her nearly perfect twizzle, stumbling a little when she reaches the last rotation. When Phasma enters the ice, Rey skates past her, cheering happily. Hux notices Phasma turning her MP3 on and placing her headphones on her head. Phasma isn't a skater of technicality, as Hux noticed before, though she holds a certain elegance as she whizzes on the ice, hopping along to the music in her ears. She isn't a very good dancer on the ice as she is on land—a talent Hux always admired and slightly envied. Rey, on the other hand, is slightly more polished, though lacking in terms of improvisation skating. The entertainment value is enough to keep Hux out in the cold, however, watching his two friends mess about on the frozen surface. Another person skips onto the ice a while later, seemingly flying on the ice with such grace and speed, Hux almost thinks it's a figment of his imagination. The figure is dressed in a black outfit, along with a black scarf and legwarmers. He strokes around the rink for a while, and then moves to the middle of the ice, away from Phasma and Rey. Effortlessly, the person does a combo jump—an axel, double toe-loop, half-loop, and double salchow, finishing with a flawless landing position. He then goes on to do a jump camel to a back sit spin, into a pancake spin, and ending with a centered, high-speed back spin. “Wow,” Hux gasps out loud, awe-struck. The person returns to stroking, adjusting the sleeves of his shirt. He does several clean rockers, the sound of his blades on the ice resonating around the mostly-empty room. Hux narrows his eyes as he thinks he recognizes those brown eyes, or maybe it's the hair that seems familiar? It's hard to tell from the bleachers, but it's also hard to tell through the make-up the person is wearing. He looks awfully like the guy who bumped into me in the parking lot , Hux thinks, and suddenly, it clicks, making perfect sense in Hux's mind, Oh, right. Yes, it's definitely him. There's no way it's not . A little spiteful because of the tea incident causing him to abandon his coat, he watches, but Hux can't help be feel enraptured by the asshole's skating. So, now you instantly like people based on how they skate. Well done, Hux. Hux growls to himself in his head. But is that a bad thing? All Hux knows it that the hours passed pretty quick before he knew it, and soon, Rey and Phasma are beside him, chit-chatting away. “Hey,” Phasma taps his shoulder, “What 'chya looking at?” Hux inhales sharply, looking to Phasma, “Huh?” “Oh, I know,” Rey chortles, “He's looking at Ben.” “B-Ben?” Hux glances to the only skater on the rink, who was practicing his triple axel, or something similar, “You know him?” “Well...no, but yes, but who doesn't?” Rey replies with a snort. “What does that mean? Does he come often?” Hux asks. “You, sir, don't come here often,” Phasma corrects, “Of course he comes often. It's not everyday someone tries for a triple axel, you know, but in this case, it is, because he does.” “Technically, he's kinda famous, but only at the rink. He doesn't compete.” Hux leans forward, shocked, “He doesn't- what?” “I know,” Rey titters, “It's crazy. If I had that talent...” “You're awesome,” Phasma says quickly, cutting Rey off. She looks to Hux with a smirk, “Hey, it's okay if you think he's attractive—he is.” “I am not impressed with his looks,” Hux snarls defensively, “He's the asshole I was talking about earlier.” “Ohh, you know, that makes perfect sense.” Rey nods, “He's very drawn in, which makes him seem a bit cold—go figure...uh...literally. Ahem, yeah, he's a little awkward. But brilliant. Breathtaking. Just...Brilliantly breathtaking.” “Sure,” Hux rolls his eyes. “Ohhh, you like him!” Phasma teases, “You're blushing!” “It's freezing in here!” “You've always been the one for bad boys, anyway,” Phasma grins. Hux covers his face with his gloved hands and he groans. “But I don't even know him!” “You bumped into him! That's a start!” Rey reasons. “ He bumped into me !” Hux corrects. Both girls giggle, exchanging glaces with each other. Hux stands up, brushing nothing off his shoulders. “Can we go now?” Hux asks, “I need to go home and snuggle in my covers and read a book with a cup of tea. And I need to do laundry, too.” Both girls laugh, again, in unison, as if Hux said something funny. Hux just stares at his friends with an annoyed expression. “Oh, fine, you can go. We're staying for the next session.” Rey replies, “I wouldn't want to keep you from your to-do list.” Hux nods and begins to walk away, “Bye, girls.” From afar, Hux thinks he can hear the girls chanting. “Hux and Ben sittin' on the ice! K-I-S-S-I-N-G!” Hux rolls his eyes at that, thinking sarcastically, H ow mature . O/O/O/O Hux walks out of the rink, passing the front desk and nearing the doors. “Hey! Wait up!” Hux turns around, feeling a little irritated when he sees it's Ben running towards him in skates. Oh, why? Hux whines in his head, Why does this happen to me? “Yes?” Hux asks, raising an eyebrow and crossing his arms. “You're...um...” Ben rubs the back of his head nervously, “You're the...um...the guy I bumped into earlier at the cafe...right?” Ben fidgets under Hux's piercingly calm gaze, adverting his eyes and biting into his lip. “Yes...?” Hux shrugs, shaking his head, “Do you need anything?” “Um,” Ben extends his hand, holding out a cup for Hux to take, “I...um...Sorry, again. I can get your coat cleaned, if you need.” Hux takes the cup, which is still very warm. “It was tea, right?” Ben asks, worried. Hux stares at the paper cup, blinking in surprise, “Um...yes, it was. No, my coat will be fine.” Hux looks up from the cup in his hand and to Ben, who is still looking away, “Ben, right?” “Huh?” Ben snaps his neck to Hux' direction, “Oh, my name? Yeah, it's Ben. What about you?” “Hux,” Hux replies, and inhales a little of the tea vapor, “Thanks for the tea.” “No problem.” Ben smiles shyly, briefly,” Um...do you skate?” “No, my friends do.” Hux explains in a mutter, “I don't like the cold.” “Hm...” Ben hums, it's a mixture of disappointment and confusion, “Alright. They skate well.” “I guess, if they drag me here again, I'll see you around.” Hux says. “Oh, definitely, you will.” Ben nods, “And I guess I'll see you when I have the chance.” “I guess so.” And both part ways, Hux outside in the icy cold, and Ben inside in the icy cold. O/O/O/O The whole way home, Hux grips the steering wheel tight, trying to settle a debate in his head. He's cute. Hux thinks, No, he isn't. But the thing is, he kinda is. Not. Not...so...not cute. Hux stops at a light and twiddles with his hands, then with the heat, making it a little hotter. I don't like him. Hux tells himself, He's just a...guy...who gave you tea after spilling it on your favorite coat. So what? The light turns green and Hux speeds through, one hand in his lap. He's not too bad, actually, Hux contemplates. He runs his free hand through his hair, gritting his teeth. But you don't even know him! Hux hisses to himself, Dammit. What's wrong with me? I should just forget about him. Nevertheless, it doesn't make the rest of Hux's ride him any less stressful. O/O/O/O Hux's night progresses just as he presumed. For the first several hours after getting home, Hux crashes into his bed, with tea and his book in hand. He then decides to take a warm, refreshing shower. After, Hux goes to make dinner: floured chicken along with a bowl of curry rice. Dinner is silent and usually lonely, but Hux manages to enjoy himself with a little calming, classical music while he basically nuzzles the warm bowl of chicken and rice. Suddenly, Hux's phone rings, and Hux has to get up to his room to get it. He flips it open after recognizing the number ID as Phasma. “Talk to me, Phas. What's up?” Hux asks, wiping away some curry sauce burning the corners of his mouth. “'Sup, Huxy!” Phasma says, “I just wanted to call you for no reason.” “Really?” “No!” Rey exclaims, and Phasma laughs. “What is it, guys?” Hux picks his nails, not minding having to wait. “Did you talk to Ben?!” Rey shouts, “Cuz he was chasing after you, right?!” “Uh, yeah. To apologize,” Hux clears his throat, “Again.” “SO?!” Rey screams, and Hux cringes away, “Did you like him!?” “Sure.” Hux mumbles, “But, what's the deal?” Rey giggles, and Phasma joins. “Oh, nothing at all, Huxy.” Phasma snorts. “Hey, if you guys are going to go all-out fan-girl,” Hux sighs, “At least bring Jukebug into this. I'm sure she'll want to be part of it.” Jukebug meaning Jessika Pava, his childhood friend since forever, ever since Hux found out she lived next door to him as a little kid. Jukebug was the nickname he came up with at the time, a spin-off of Junebug, as the girl has a thing for beetles and creepy-crawlers. In return, she calls him Francesco, due to her never knowing his full name, but only his initials, Forrest Clementine Hux; F.C. Hux. Anyway, the point is, they always stayed together, all sharing their inside jokes, and his other girl friends are close with Jukebug, too. “Okey-dokey, Huxy!” Phasma chortles, “Hey, by the way, we're going to lunch at the sandwich place tomorrow after skating, around twelve. We already invited Jukebug, so she might just drag you along, anyway.” “Isn't that what you always do?” There's a sense of mirth in Hux's tone this time, “Sure, I'll be there. Twelve sharp.” “You're awesome!!” Rey shouts. Hux titters, “Thanks, Rey.” O/O/O/O The next morning, Hux gets ready for the day. He calls Jessika as he eats his breakfast—tea and oatmeal—and reads the newspaper. “Hey, hey!” “Hello, Jukebug.” Hux greets. “Hello, Francesco!” Jessika greets, “What's up, dude?” Hux always likes how Jessika seems to be totally at peace, and he can't help but wonder how she can be so laid-back all the time, even being the peppy girl she is. “Have you heard about lunch today?” Hux asks, stirring his tea. “Oh, yeah! Are you going?” Jessika inquires, “Too bad. You have to.” Hux laughs, “Oh, I know.” “I'll be there,” Jessica replies, “Def.” “Wonderful. See you then, Jukebug.” “No problem-o, Francesco!” O/O/O/O As stated, Hux arrives at the rendez-vous place at twelve sharp. Obviously, he's also the first one there. Hux picks a nice cozy spot next to a heating vent, sitting right in front of it, he tilts his seat so he can observe the other activities happening inside the shop. Jessika is the second to arrive, wearing a red, white-stripped jacket, black pants and boots, white earmuffs and a white scarf. She takes off her scarf and looks all over and finally spots Hux waving his hand to get her attention. She smiles. “Hey!” She greets, sitting across him. “Hey, Jukebug.” Hux returns. “Ugh! Traffic is horrendous!” Jessika groans. “Tell me about it.” Hux chuckles sarcastically, “Another reason why I don't like the cold. People can't drive.” “You can say that again!” “Did you skate today?” Hux asks. “Yep! I left early to combat traffic, but my plan failed. I'm sure the girls will be arriving soon.” Jessika says, “You know what, the ice was terrible today. It was crazy.” Hux titters, “That's terrible.” “Yeah, it didn't affect Ben, though. He was doing triple salchows or something,” Jessika laughs, and she raises her eyebrow, “So, I heard you had a crush on Ben?” Hux smirks, crossing his arms and leaning back in his chair. “Are you going to confirm it or what?” Jessika questions. “I don't.” Hux says, “I don't have a crush on him.” “Honey,” Jessika says, reaching over to grab Hux's shoulder, “You obviously do. Denial is step one.” Hux laughs, shaking his head, “You're all so ridiculous.” “Why don't you come to the rink more often? You can get to know him better. I, personally, don't either, but I did compliment him once!” “That's not how it works.” Hux mutters with another laugh, “Not everybody knows I'm gay.” “Good point, but I leave you to figure that out,” Jessika says, “Just talk to him. You need someone in your life, anyway.” Hux grimaces, “Says who? I'll just get a cat.” “Well, that's not romantic.” Jessika pouts, slumping on the table, “That's like saying you'd rather marry said cat than try.” “Maybe that is what I mean.” Hux sighs, but then raises his hands in mock-surrender, “ But , for the sake of stopping you from begging, maybe— maybe— I will.” “ Yay!” Jessika cheers. Just in time, Phasma and Rey enter the restaurant, wearing only their figure skating club jackets along with their normal sweatpants and tank top skating attire. Both effortlessly make their way to the table and sit themselves down. “Sup, Jess.” Phasma greets, “Hello, Hux.” “Hi, girls,” Hux nods. “Glad you could make it through the traffic!” Jessika says with a wide smile. “Yeah, it was pretty bad,” Rey agrees. “Well, now that we're all here, let's order,” Phasma suggests. With unspoken agreements, all order their sandwiches, and get comfortable in their seats as they wait. “ Girls, guess what?” Jessika starts, “Francesco just agreed to maybe flirt with Ben.” “Really?!” Both females exclaim. “'Flirting' is not what I said I would do.” Hux adds, “I said I would maybe talk to him.” “Oh, same difference!” Jessika dismisses. Rey and Phasma squeal and cheer. “That's great news! Great...great news!” Rey beams, but there is something hesitant in her tone. “Uh-oh.” Hux sighs, “What is it?” “ Well...we, um...kinda...” Phasma falters, “Invited him for lunch today?” Hux blinks. “I mean, he seemed kinda lonely, and we just thought it would be great, cuz you're lonely, too.” Rey reasons, looking to Phasma for approval. “Okay,” Hux leans back in his seat, “Fine. The more the merrier, anyway, right? That's how the saying goes?” Jessika squeals with a nod. Rey and Phasma grin. Hux grins back to them, too. Fate never ceasing with coincidence, Ben enters the store five seconds later. He is only wearing a tank-top and work-out pants, his hair and shoulders dusted with snow. He's holding a jacket in his hand, but Hux shivers at the sight of him. How can one bare to be so cold? Hux asks himself. Phasma taps his forearm, “Are you ready?” “I'm fine.” Hux rolls his eyes, “Just slightly disturbed on seeing someone in beach-wear in the middle of winter.” “He just came from the rink,” Rey points out, and she turns and waves to Ben, “Hey!” Ben tries to smile and he shyly walks over, sitting down on a chair too far away. “Don't be shy,” Rey urges, “We don't bite.” “I don't want to interrupt,” He murmurs, but recomposes his posture and gives a small wave, “Hello.” “Don't be silly,” Phasma dismisses, “You were invited. It's not a crime.” Ben titters, rubbing his elbow nervously. “Are you hungry? We ordered already,” Jessika says. “Not really. I don't have a big appetite,” Ben explains. “Do you want something to eat?” Rey asks, “I suppose I'll get a sandwich as well,” Ben nods. “Good!” Jessika nods as well, and she points to Hux, “Have you met Francesco? Or, rather, Hux? Guy with the red hair?” Ben smirks, covering his mouth, “Francesco?” Hux smiles, enjoying the happy atmosphere setting over the anxious one. “No, we haven't properly been acquainted.” Hux says, leaning back in his chair. “But, obviously, you know us. We're at the rink all the time.” Rey giggles. “Well, yes, I've seen you. You both skate wonderfully.” Ben compliments, “And improving. It seems like only yesterday you were working on your layback.” “It was.” Rey chortles, “But I was too hypnotized by your layback!” “Thank you.” Ben smiles. “You skate amazingly,” Phasma fawns. “I've been skating for thirteen years.” Ben says, “Nothing brings me greater joy than being on the ice.” For some reason, Hux's heart drops at that statement. “So, do you compete?” Hux asks, though already knowing the answer. “No.” Ben replies, “Don't judge me for it. I test, but I don't compete.” “I always wondered why...” Jessika murmurs, and she looks to Ben, “Why don't you compete?” “I prefer to enjoy the art. And, besides, I don't like competitions.” Ben shrugs, “It never actually interested me.” “But you skate so well,” Jessika whines, “I don't compete because I'm not very good.” “You'll get better with time.” Ben assures, and he turns to Hux, “Well, you know what I do. What do you do?” Hux exhales deeply, “Well, I do many things. Besides being in the cold.” “Okay...what's your hobby?” “I read,” Hux replies, “I read anything, but I prefer to read romance—or historical fiction. Either one.” “I never really got into books, but you look the type.” Ben says. “Oh.” Hux purses his lips, not really knowing if it's a compliment or not. Then, the waitress comes to the group's table, holding several trays of food in her arms. “Alrighty.” She says, “BLT!” Phasma raises her hand. “Turkey Bacon Club.” Rey points to herself. “Italian Garden.” “Please,” Hux offers his hand. “Thanks,” The waitress smiles, handing the plate to him, “And Roast Beef?” “Yep!” Jessika smiles, taking the plate, “Thank you.” “You all enjoy.” She turns around, and looks to Ben, “Oh, did you need anything, sir?” “No, thank you,” Ben says. The waitress leaves. Hux, without thinking much of it, gives the other half of his sandwich to the ice skater. Ben takes it hesitantly. “Thank you,” He murmurs, blushing fondly. Hux nods. What is this feeling blooming in his stomach. I'm just hungry . Hux thinks. And he doesn't give it another thought as he takes a bite into his sandwich. O/O/O/O Hux arrives home, and he puts his coat, his other coat, back into the closet. He stops to make tea, and then he looks to his watch. It's two o'clock. Taps his fingers on the counter. Something's off. Hux looks around the kitchen, checks his phone for missed calls, checks to see if he's done his laundry, his dishes, his bed, and really, anything to try to find out what's off. Hux is frustrated, unable to remember. He irritably goes to return to the kitchen, as his water is boiling, but he stops as soon as he passes a slightly open door in the hallway. A door leading into his studio. Hux peers into the room, his violin case resting on the couch. Hux enters, walking over to the case and opening it. The violin rests inside, and Hux puffs a sigh. “Right,” Hux mutters, finally remembering, “Concert.” Hux checks the time. The concert starts at seven. That leaves four and a half hours. Just enough time to warm up. Hux picks up his instrument and the bow, beginning to tune it before playing. O/O/O/O Fast-forward five hours later, and there he is, playing his violin on-stage in front of the biggest crowd Hux has seen this month. Not that he fails. Hux is known to always be movingly precise with his playing, which is no surprise considering he learned under a Russian instructor. Hux knows he is arguably the best violist in the orchestra—it's really no shock he always gets the more complex parts and most of the solos. Along with the accompanying pianist, whom Hux is familiar and compatible with, the music is beautiful. Hux has rehearsed this music for months already, for countless hours and he knows the notes by heart. Hux fingers feel like they're flying on the fingerboard, shift here, hit a sharp note here, shift again to a flat. Hux closes his eyes and feels the music. It sways around him and floods his senses. The feeling is exhilarating. And it's the only thing that truly brings him great joy. Chapter 2 : Baby, it's cold out there It's eleven. Hux leaves the Galliard and into the streets of downtown. A long night of playing leaves him feeling refreshed, and Hux walks with a smile on his face, his violin in hand and hanging to his side. Under his peacoat, Hux feels warm, save for his nose and fingers. The shops from the streets beckon him to the toasty inside, but Hux walks past them. Hux rounds the corner to a secluded coffee shop, his favorite coffee shop downtown. A tea sounds good to Hux right about now. In elegant, curved penmanship, The Millennium Falcon Coffee Shop , is written on the door. It almost feels like home. Hux enters the shop, laughter erupting inside. The atmosphere is so tepid and welcoming, thawing him from the chill outside. Hux taps the snow from his shoes and brushes more off his shoulder. He unhooks his coat and holds it in his arm. He orders a tea and goes to sit down to wait. He sets his violin carefully on the ground by his feet and he rest his coat on the back of the chair. Adjusting his waistcoat, he leans forward, resting on his elbows. “I didn't think you enjoyed dressing up in a medieval fashion.” Hux perks up and turns to his side, where Ben sits nonchalantly with a wonderful smile. Hux titters, looking down at his outfit. “Hello.” Ben greets, “How are you doing?” “I'm doing well. And you?” “Yep. Just a little tired. I came here from the rink, obviously.” “Obviously,” Hux chortles, “I should have guessed. You spend a lot of time there.” Ben shrugs, as if to say 'that's true'. He stares at Hux, and Hux feels as if he's revisiting their first meeting. The stare doesn't make him uncomfortable, so to speak, but as if something more is happening than just staring . “So, what's actually up with the outfit?” Ben asks, breaking eye contact. “I was at a concert.” Hux replies abruptly, trying not to make it awkward. “That's nice. Was it good?” Ben asks, “Was it classical music?” “It went fine.” Hux nods, “It was classical, yes. Once, I almost slipped my fingering, but I saved it the last second.” Ben blinks in surprise, “You play?” “Oh!” Hux mentally facepalms himself, “Yes. I play the violin.” “Violin...huh,” Ben taps the counter, “I'm not one musically inclined, but I like to listen.” “So, you don't play an instrument.” It's more a statement than a question. “No,” Ben chortles, “I sing sometimes, but I never had that musical 'zing,' if you get what I mean.” “I suppose it's not for everybody.” Hux laughs, “Like skating.” Ben titters, as if to agree. His eyes drop to the violin case at Hux's feet and he looks back to the ginger. “Could you play for me, please?” Hux's heart lurches in the strangest way, and Hux feels as if it's an honor of some kind. He looks to Ben's eyes, which a shimmering hopefully, and then to his lips that seem to murmur 'say yes,' but that can easily be his imagination. What is this feeling blooming in his chest, blooming like the flowers in spring? “Um...” Hux croaks, stepping back into the zone, “Yes, sure.” Ben hops in his seat happily, cradling the coffee in his hand close to his stomach. Hux stands up, unhooking the latches from his case and picking up the violin and its bow. “Any songs you want me to play?” Hux asks. “Nope.” Ben shakes his head, “Just go ahead and do anything.” Hux nods and brings his bow to the strings. A soft breath later, Hux plays. The song, named The Spinning Wheel, is very familiar to Hux, he doesn't even think when he touches the notes, like hugging an old friend after years passed. Hux closes his eyes, moving like water as he plays the song that reminds him of fire. Hux is on fire, his mind overcome with an overwhelming passion, but at the same time, tame with the warmth of something he couldn't quite describe. As he plays, not a note is missed. Everything is perfect, and Hux wants to believe it's his best performance yet. Nearly as flawless as Ben's ice skating. Hux opens his eyes to steal a glimpse of Ben, happy to notice him watching with a bright, possibly awe-struck, expression. Hux finishes the song, ending with a beautiful pizzicato. Ben pauses for a while, then claps when Hux curtsies. Others in the cafe clap as well, but, whilst focusing on Ben, Hux nearly forgot about the others. He turns to them and curtsies too, politely. He holds his violin, and gets back in his seat. “That was wonderful!” Ben praises, “You play...amazingly. I can't get the right word. It's impressive.” “Thank you.” Hux thanks graciously. “How long have you been doing this for?” Ben asks, sipping his coffee. “Seven years,” Hux says, “It's not much, but I've been told I have a natural talent for music.” “You do, even I can see it,” Ben remarks, “I've always been fascinated. My mother's side of the family, all of them play the piano, but I never got around to learning it. I suppose I broke the tradition.” “Oh, really?” Hux puts his instrument back into it's case, and snaps it shut, “What does your father do?” “He owns this coffee shop, actually,” Ben says, taking a swig from his cup, “When my mother played at the Galliard, she'd come here for a cup of coffee afterward. They met and eventually married, and they kept on running the business.” “That's odd coincidence,” Hux mutters, “I had no idea, and I always come here for tea after concerts at the Galliard.” “That is a bit strange.” Ben agrees with a small laugh, “If you ever meet her, I'm sure she'll love you. I can tell just by the look of you.” “Well, that's good, I suppose.” Hux says. “Hux!” The person behind the counter yells. Hux slips out of his chair and grabs the paper cup on the counter. He hastily puts some creamer into it and hurries back to his seat. Ben looks at him, eying the cup in his hand. He inhales and turns to look at the frigid outside. “What about you? What's your family like?” Ben asks. “My family?” Hux murmurs, slumping slightly, “My father was part of the military. He was a Colonel. Killed at war.” “I'm sorry to hear that.” “I wasn't old enough to remember him. After I was conceived, he went to war, so I never actually met him.” Hux explains. He stiffens, “My mother was a tailor, but she died of sickness when I was sixteen.” Ben covers his mouth, “I'm sorry.” “It's not your fault. I had Jessika—well, Jukebug, to help me out.” Hux says, “I sold the family home and lived with her for a while until I found a place for myself. Rough life, but I made it, and it made me stronger.” “I feel horrible.” “Don't,” Hux says with a small smile, “I still remember everything, and that happiness makes up for the suffering.” “I wouldn't be brave enough,” Ben admits. “Well, enough about that.” Hux dismisses quickly, “At least you know.” Ben nods, slumping sadly. “Tell me how you got into ice skating,” Hux asks, blowing on his tea. Ben smiles, twirling his ponytail, “I was six years old when I first stepped on the ice. I knew then that it was what I wanted to do for the rest of my life. There's nothing quite like it. It feeds my needs for freedom from life. It lets me express another side of myself, a more extravagant side. It lets me do things I can't do unless I'm on the ice. I guess it must be something about the familiar cold or the way the ice moves under my blades. I do know I don't want to stop.” “I want to say that it's no wonder you skate so well,” Hux chortles, “Six years old? And you said you were skating for how long?” “Thirteen. I'm nineteen.” Ben says, “And what about you? What's your age?” “I'm twenty.” Hux says, drinking a bit of his still piping hot tea, “I started violin at the age of thirteen. It's the one thing that's always stayed beside me, other than my friends, of course.” “No wonder you play so well,” Ben grins. Hux grins back to him. “So, do you want to go for a walk?” Ben asks, then he abruptly adds, “Oh, wait. I forgot you don't like the cold.” For some reason, although what was said is true, Hux refuses to let this opportunity pass. Wait...what 'opportunity?' Hux asks himself. An opportunity to be closer to Ben, emotionally, and possibly physically, too. “I brought my coat.” Hux says. “So did I,” Ben points to the black parka on his lap, “But I don't mind the cold. I live in the cold.” “Yes, you do,” Hux nods, “And, let me guess, you brought your skates, too?” “Well, yeah.” Ben replies, “They're in my car. Do you want to put your violin there?” “What?” Hux squeaks, horrified on leaving his precious instrument somewhere away from his range of vision. Ben tilts his head, “Are you afraid to part with it?” “A little.” Hux picks up the case, “But...I suppose it wouldn't be too horrible.” “Where are you parked? Would it make you feel better if it was in your car?” “I walked here,” Hux states. “In the cold?” Ben seems incredulous. “I had a coat,” Hux reminds, “It's bearable.” “Right,” Ben says. “We can walk back to my home.” Hux suggests, “And then I can drive you back to your skates.” Ben laughs, sipping more coffee, “Okay. At least my skates can withstand the cold. I mean, they should be able to.” Hux laughs along, throwing on his peacoat. Ben throws on his parka, more so because he doesn't want to hold anything besides his coffee. Hux picks up his violin and tea. Both make their outside, out of the stuffy warmth and into the refreshing cold. O/O/O/O “And, here we are.” Hux says, stopping in front of his home. The house is impressively sized and elegant, though, in a same sense, modest. It has a rustic feeling to it, making it particularly charming. Even if it's not as extravagant as the household Hux grew up in, it's more than enough. “Wow,” Ben breathes, looking up at the building, “Nice place.” “Do you want to come inside?” Hux offers, walking up the steps. “I don't want to intrude.” Ben says, mostly out of politeness. “I insist,” Hux opens the door and beckons Ben inside, “Come on, then.” Ben shyly walks up the steps, and takes several steps into Hux's house. Hux closes the door and takes off his shoes, setting them aside. Ben copies. “So, this is your house?” Ben asks rhetorically, “It's so nice here.” “Thank you.” Hux thanks, and holds up his violin, “I need to put this away.” “Okay,” Ben doesn't move. “Please, make yourself at home.” Hux mumbles, stepping up to his studio. He opens the door, finding a strange relief when everything music greets him. Hux gently places his violin down, checks behind him before closing the door, and makes his way back downstairs. Ben isn't lingering in the entrance when Hux returns, which is a relief to see. Hux finds the skater in his den, in front of the unlit fireplace, staring up to framed pictures sitting up on the shelf. “That one's my mother's picture,” Hux says, standing beside Ben and pointing to the one Ben is staring at, “The only one I have of her.” “She's beautiful,” Ben murmurs, and stares to Hux, “You don't look a bit like her, though, you do have her cheekbones.” “I resembled my father heavily, or so I was told,” Hux explains. “Ah,” Ben turns back to look at the pictures, “There are your friends.” “Yes.” “And...who is that?” Ben squints. “Who?” Hux leans forward. “That person,” Ben points. He points to a smiling man with wavy hair, leaning into the picture with a silly expression. He's sitting next to Hux, who is sandwiched in the middle by Jessika on the other side. “Oh, him?” Hux questions. Ben nods. “That's Poe Dameron.” Hux grins, taking the picture off the shelf, “The best freakin' pilot ever. His mother was a wonderful pilot, too.” “How do you know him?” “Well, I met him through Jukebug—you know, Jessika. He's a great guy, very optimistic and funny. A great flirt.” Hux explains, sighing, “He rarely visits because he's always in the air, literally.” Ben titters, drooping, “So...he's, like, your boyfriend?” “What?” Hux recoils with widened eyes, nearly dropping the picture, “Poe? No. What? Why?” “O-Oh, sorry,” Ben blushes, “You just spoke so fondly of him. Sorry I just assumed you were queer-” “It's okay. I am,” Hux begins to breathe again, “No, no...Poe...he's just a friend.” Hux puts the picture back in it's place, but continues to stare at it, “He's actually married. Married to a doctor. His name's Finn. Great guy, too. A little shy, but respecting.” “Oh, sorry,” Ben repeat and shies away from the pictures, turning away. “That's alright,” Hux says, “I mean, not to say I didn't have a crush on the guy. He just had this natural charm, and he still does. But, yeah, no. We're just friends.” “He sounds nice,” Ben mutters almost sadly, sitting down on a sofa. “So, would you like something to drink?” “No, thank you.” Ben leans back, unzipping his coat. “What about you?” Hux snuggles into a leather recliner, “Do you have anybody you fancy?” “Me? No,” Ben chuckles, then goes silent, “No one is particularly interested in someone who loves the ice more than anything else.” “I suppose you can say the same with my passion,” Hux says, laughing softly. “I mean, I tried.” Ben mumbles, inhaling shakily, “It...didn't work out in the end.” “I'm sorry to hear that.” Hux sighs, undoing his bow-tie and the buttons on his collar and waistcoat, “You don't have to talk about it.” “Well, h-he...his name was Dopheld. He was the sweetest thing. He always looked out for me. But it so happens he had frail health, and he decided to end it before he died, mostly to save me from the pain.” Ben coughs, covering a possible sob, “He didn't even tell me he was dying. Some kind of heart disorder. I don't know.” Hux stands up. He doesn't know why he's standing. Something akin to wanting to comfort and wanting to protect Ben jumps in his throat. He clenches his fist, and turns to his alcohol cabinet. He sets himself a glass, and then one for Ben. “We probably shouldn't talk about that.” Hux says, offering the drink to Ben. “We probably shouldn't be drinking,” Ben adds, sniffling. Hux shrugs, “You don't have to if you don't want to.” Hux takes a small gulp, his throat burning as the alcohol goes down. Ben sips it cautiously, and sets it down on the coffee table. “Thank you,” Ben thanks, “I-I thought I got over it, especially since it was when I was sixteen, but...suddenly bringing up this topic...it made me loose my cool.” Ben snorts, “How ironic.” “I don't handle death well, either.” Hux says, “Mostly due to all the death in my family.” “I feel like we really connect, even though we've only known each other for less than twelve hours.” Ben states. “Changing the topic here,” Hux cuts, really not knowing how else to change to topic, “What's your favorite kind of music?” The change in topic changes the atmosphere to a lighter one, which makes Hux relieved and more relaxed. He sits back down on the recliner, not minding his hair flying in disarray. “I love to listen to many things,” Ben says, straightening his back, “Classical, musicals, video game and movie soundtracks, rock, alternative, techno, rhythm and blues, funk...I listen to a lot. To narrow it down to a favorite...is almost impossible.” “I know what you mean!” Hux exclaims a little too enthusiastically, “I love to listen to video game music.” Ben looks at him, cracking a grin, “You don't look like a nerd.” “I...am...a little bit,” Hux brushes back some of his hair, “I just don't show it. Video games was part of my childhood. I fell in love with video game music, and music in general, when I was over Jessika's place. She was playing on her Nintendo console, playing the Legend of Zelda. Ocarina of Time.” “My dad has one of those. That's his favorite game.” Ben says, “I've played it once or twice. I always get stuck at the Forest Temple.” “Ah, yes. Jessika says the same,” Hux chortles, “Anyway, once I heard the Windmill Hut song, better known as the Song of Storms, I was hooked. Gerudo Valley was next on my top ten list.” “I loved that place!” Ben exclaims, “My dad liked the sword fights, but I always like to pretend it was my castle.” Ben is beginning to enjoy himself, Hux notices. That's good. “So, tell me more about your music.” Ben says, “Why that song, in particular?” “I have a thing for minor songs, and this song, being in D minor, instantly turned my head. I'm not big on video games, but I can't stay away from the compositions.” Hux explains, “I love classical, too. Mozart, Beethoven, and Bach are examples of my favorites, to name some.” “I'm guessing you're not unfamiliar with their music.” Ben smiles, grabbing his drink and sipping it again. He stirs his drink, “God, you play so well.” Hux chuckles, “You flatter me needlessly.” “Speaking of music...” Ben stands up, putting down his drink, “Where do you store your CDs?” “Oh,” Hux points to the mahogany bookcase pushed on the wall, “They should be there, next to the books over there.” Ben strides over to the shelf, and kneels once he finds the music section. “Nice taste in music,” Ben says and picks out an album, “Where's your CD player?” “It should be right there,” Hux points. “Right,” Ben says, putting in the CD. Immediately, only hearing the first note, Hux identifies it as Andrew Lloyd Webber's CATS. Ben smirks, and turns back to Hux. “CATS?” Hux raises an eyebrow, “One of my favorite musicals.” Ben nods, standing in the middle of the room, “It's one of mine, too.” Ben starts dancing, much to Hux's surprise, but he isn't entirely surprised, since he half expects it, too. “Did you see the musical?” Ben asks, whilst he dances. “Sort of, but, no, not really,” Hux chuckles, downing the rest of his drink, “I was a little busy reading the sheet music.” Ben inhales, gasp-screaming and covering his mouth with his hand. “Really?” He squeaks. “Yes,” Hux nods, “You're quite a fan, aren't you?” “I have four different copies on CD and the whole musical on my mp3 player.” Ben says, “And I've seen it live on Broadway twice.” “When did you go see it?” Hux asks, “I was only there in August.” “...So was I.” Ben stops dancing, blinking, “There was this skating exhibition in New York I had to go to, but I decided to go see the musical when I had the time. And I went to go see it the second after a testing session in December.” “Oh, really?” Hux pours himself another drink, plopping ice cubes into his cup, “What did you exhibit?” Ben twirls, smiling, “Crocodile Dundee. It was awesome.” Hux sits down on the couch, watching the skater dance to several of the showtunes. Hux checks his watch after awhile, and it reads 'twelve thirty.' Hux clears his throat. They're not even halfway through with the musical, and at this rate, it will be too late to drive Ben to his car. Stupidly, though, Hux can feel his head lolling from side to side. Dammit. You're supposed to be the designated driver, you fool. “Ben?” Hux coughs. Ben stops dancing, but he's beaming, it's almost too happy. “Yes?” “It's twelve thirty.” Hux says, “And I don't think I can drive you back.” Ben's shoulders droop, “Oh, well, that's okay. I can just walk back.” “Absolutely not,” Hux shakes his head, and he hopes he's not saying that under the influence of the strong alcohol, “It's...below freezing.” Even in his tipsy state, Hux sees Ben isn't in the best condition, either. The poor teen must be a lightweight . Indeed, Ben's cheeks are flushed and his stance is giddy. Hux curses under his breath. Fool . “You can stay here for the night,” Hux offers, “And I can drive you in the morning.” “I...I guess so...” Ben agrees, hesitantly, “I really don't want to disrupt or anything. Really, if you want me to go, I can-” Hux grabs Ben's wrists. “No.” Hux says, “I think it's best if you just...” We're...so...close... “Stay.” Ben goes silent, and replies softly, “Okay.” “Do you want to sleep in the guest bedroom?...Or, if you want to crash on the couch, that's okay, too.” Hux says. “ I...supposed I could sleep on the couch,” Ben says, pulling his wrists out of Hux's grasp. Hux inhales sharply and grabs Ben's wrist again. Dammit, Hux. What the hell are you doing ? “ Sorry,” Hux mumbles, slipping his hands off Ben, “Yeah, we should sleep...” Hux turns around to pick up the cups to wash them, but Ben grabs his wrist this time. Hux looks ups, about to question, until he feels a pair of soft, lipstick-scented lips on his own. Hux's mind buffers before it catches up with what is actually happening. Hux drops the glasses and they shatter, but he frozen in place. Why is he shaking? What is happening? Ben smells very nice, like the air on a humid day after the rain. Even without him knowing, Hux slips his hands further on Ben's forearms to keep his balance, but he soon finds himself intoxicated with how smooth the skater's skin feels on his fingertips. A hand softly brushes Hux's cheeks, and Hux responds by sliding his hand to Ben's soft curls. He pets the skater's hair, lacing it through his fingers and pulling Ben closer. Hux kisses back passionately, his teeth grating Ben's lower lip feverishly, and presses his burning body onto Ben's muscular chest. Ben meekly licks at Hux's lips with dainty laps, which Hux replies with a small nip. Taking Ben's mouth with his own, Hux ravishes the raven-haired with hot kisses, moving down to Ben's throat and well-defined jaw-line. Ben's breaths become erotic and he gasps more greedily, grasping Hux's shirt and tilting his head back. Hux pauses, his mind reeling. Hold on. Just what do you think you're doing? Hux looks down to the dark-haired draped in his arms, and Hux has to hold himself back from kissing him again. The skater looks so desirable like this. Ben's hair stuck to his damp forehead and cheeks, his is skin flushed a light pink, his sultry brown eyes peering through thick eyelashes. But, he's slightly drunk . Hux has to remind himself, not knowing if he is talking about himself or Ben, You shouldn't...this is wrong...though, it feels so right, you know it's wrong. “Hux,” Ben sighs throatily, looking to the frozen ginger, “Hux, are you okay? Why did you...” Ben pecks Hux's face lightly with tender kisses, and Hux has to hold back a small sigh. “Stop kissing me?” Ben asks, nuzzling his nose into Hux's neck. Hux hoist the younger up to his feet, “We should be getting to bed, now.” Ben pouts, but nods and agrees with a small yawn. Hux exhales in relief, thankful that he isn't questioned for it. Hux helps Ben trudge to the couch and Ben crashes on it, his eyes fluttering closed. Hux throws several blankets on the already-asleep teen, and picks up the glass. Even in his tipsy state, Hux manages to wrap everything up and head up to his own bedroom. He doesn't read or drink tea as he usually does this time. Instead he thinks about the kiss, which is still stinging his mouth, or maybe that's just the alcohol finally burning his chapped lips. Nevertheless, Hux falls asleep with a small smile, thinking warmly to himself. I think I might be in love... Chapter 3 : I'll skate for you, but I don't like dogs Hux wakes up to the smell of something very delicious, which is unusual, because Hux's normal breakfast usually doesn't smell like fresh bread and coffee. Hux sits up slowly, rubbing the back of his head where a dull headache lingers. Hux looks to the clock on his nightstand, surprised to see it's only five forty-six. “Ben's awake?” Hux asks himself softly. He walks into his bathroom and fixes his hair. A warm, fuzzy feeling constantly distracts him as he washes away the morning tiredness with a splash of cold water. Hux grins to himself in the mirror when he remembers the kiss last night and he brushes his lips softly on his fingertips. “Shit, Ben is awake.” Hux mutters, clutching the edge of the sink. Hux hastily combs down his bed-head hair and clasps the buttons on his shirt. He exits his bathroom and bedroom and walks out into the hall, down into the kitchen, where Hux figures Ben is. The skater is taking out a fresh loaf of bread from the oven when Hux enters, and the ginger slips on one of his bar stools to watch Ben work. Ben places the loaf on a cooling rack and spins around, surprised to see Hux just watching him. “Good morning!” Ben beams, twirling his ponytail. “Good morning...” Hux clears his throat, “Hey, I'm sorry about what happened last night...I don't know what got into me...” “Hux, please, it's more than okay. Just don't ruin it,” Ben says, but it feels more teasing than is sounds. Hux releases his bated breath, feeling a bit relieved. “You don't mind?” Hux asks. “No, as long as you don't.” Ben replies, blushing, “No, this is good for me. I know I need you in my life.” “What?” “Are you hungry?” Ben switches the subject, handing Hux some fresh bread, a stick of butter, honey and jam, “I made coffee, too. Do you want a cup?” “No, thank you,” Hux cuts the bread and spreads some butter and honey on it, “So...what time did you wake up?” Ben shrugs, “Five-ish. I have to skate at six. Thankfully, it's not a long drive from here.” Hux nods, knowing it only takes five minutes, at least. “So, you're quite the baker, huh?” Hux asks, taking a bite from the food on his plate. “I don't think that should come off as a surprise,” Ben smiles, “After all, my father does own a cafe. He taught me all the secrets.” “Right, that makes sense.” “Okay,” Ben slumps on the counter, “Speaking of which, before this can get serious, I need you to meet my parents.” “W-what?” Hux raises his eyebrows, “Your parents-You're being serious?” “I'm willing if you are.” Ben hoists himself up from the counter and goes to pour himself a cup of coffee. “I am,” Hux assures, his heart beating faster than normal and he swirls the honey on his bread with his finger, “And I would love to. But...what about...I'm just unsure whether you're... ready for this...after Dopheld...” Ben nearly drops the cup in his hand and he sheepishly looks to Hux. “There's...a,” Ben laughs nervously, and points to the cup, “A ceramic spider in this cup.” Hux grins, half-apologetic, “That's my Creature Cup. Sorry.” “That's alright,” Ben takes a small sip, his eyebrows furrowing thoughtfully. Ben's gaze shifts to the clock on the microwave, and he sighs, setting the cup down, “It's almost six, you have to get me back to my car and I have to go to the rink.” Hux exhales, and he finishes his bread, “Thank you for breakfast. It was really good.” “Thank you,” Ben adjusts his hair-tie, “Let's go.” Hux nods, and hands over his car keys to Ben, “You can make yourself comfortable in the car, if you want. Grab a coat. I'll be there in just a second.” Ben grabs the keys with another muttered 'thank you.' Hux hurries to his room and quickly changes his clothes, then goes to brush his teeth and rearrange his hair. At least it gives Hux time to think. Feeling a little more peppier than before, Hux throws on a fuzzy scarf and a heavy coat. He goes to the car after locking up, and hops into the driver's seat. Ben turns his head to Hux, smiling to him and taking his feet off the dash. “I'm pretty sure that was more than just a second.” Hux titters and looks to his watch, “We're not running late just yet.” Ben looks at his reflection in the car mirror, fixing his hair a little and brushing his lips. “You don't have any make-up in here, do you?” Hux chortles, “No, I don't. Why?” “Never mind, I have some in my bag,” Ben mutters, slumping in the car seat. “Hey,” Hux palms Ben's jaw, “Why do you need it? You look perfect without it.” Ben blushes, and Hux presses a kiss on the tip of the raven's nose. “Sorry about this morning,” Hux apologizes, looking out into the snow-powdered road. “That's alright,” Ben murmurs, nuzzling into his borrowed coat fondly, “Even though I don't remember you doing anything wrong.” “Never mind,” Hux quickly dismisses. The drive downtown is more horrendous than Hux thought, though, he should have expected it, since the stupid snow just began to fall. In the amidst of wanting to be overly-affectionate to Ben, Hux is beginning to remember his disliking towards cold weather. “One drop of snow, and suddenly, no one can drive,” Hux curses under his breath, slipping into the next lane, “You're supposed to zipper, idiots!” Ben stifles laughs as the drive progresses, though it doesn't take long to reach Ben's car. Hux parks next to it, and Ben hops out. “Thank you for the ride.” Ben thanks, “Are you coming to the rink?” “I...I suppose. I have nothing else to do this morning.” Hux says, “I'll meet you there?” “I can give you a ride.” Ben offers. C'mon, Hux. That means more time with Ben! “If you're okay with it.” “If I can spend time with you,” Ben says, “I'm always okay with it.” Needless to say, Hux turns his car of and hops into the passenger's seat of Ben's car. Hux catches Ben beaming in the corner of his eye as the skater sits down in the driver's seat. Regardless of the cold, it makes Hux feel warm and he smiles toothily, too. O/O/O/O Hux watches as Ben laces his skates. Hux snuggles deeper into his scarf as a small chill runs down his spine. Ben ties the final knot on his skate, and stands up and stretches. He grabs his water bottle and his gloves, then turns to Hux. “Alright. Let's go,” Ben says, and he ushers for Hux to follow him. Hux does so without saying anything, and he walks with Ben to the door of the ice rink. “Hey, are you okay? Your lips are purple,” Ben sniggers and Hux rolls his eyes. Ben looks to Hux's feet as he takes off his skate guards, “Do you want to skate this morning?” “Do I want to- Me? Skate?” Hux blinks, adjusting his scarf. “C'mon, Hux,” Ben basically pleads, “This session is only two hours.” Hux sighs, about to decline, but one look to Ben's face and his mind instantly reconsiders his answer. “Only for a little bit, then,” Hux agrees, less sternly than he intended to. Ben grins widely, and he hops on the ice on his toe-picks, “Go put on some skates.” Hux dresses himself with a smile and nods. “I have another pair of skates I was saving to the skate swap, but you can borrow them for now. You can try them out.” Ben offers, “They're in the trunk of my car, and the keys are in my bag.” “Oh, I don't-” “Hux, it's better than rentals, trust me.” “Okay, but I don't know if they will fit.” “Just try,” Ben says, skating away. Hux sighs and does as he is told. He does find the skates easily, even against the black insulation of the trunk. The skates are well-worn, the laces are stretched, and the boot is scraped, but it seems suitable. Hux is even more surprised when he notices the skates might actually fit his foot. Without further ado, Hux goes to put them on, reminding himself of the advice Rey told him once: Snug at the toe, tight at the instep and loose on the top. Indeed, the skates are well-fitted around his foot, as if it was made for him. Hux pulls at the edges of his gloves and he walks onto the ice. Ben is already doing crazy things on the ice; a double axel to a jump camel into a back camel. Hux chuckles, finding himself fawning over how beautiful the skater looks on the ice. Hux skates over to Ben, who is staring down at the pattern on the ice and shaking his head. “It looks like I'm traveling to China.” Ben mutters. “Do you ever fail to impress?” Hux asks, and Ben jolts looking to Hux. “Oh, you're here,” Ben beams, and he blushes, “You saw that, huh?” “It was perfect. You have a wonderful jump camel.” “Barely perfect,” Ben snorts, and points, “I'm too much on my toe-pick.” “I didn't think it would be possible for you to mess up, honestly. You skate so well,” Hux says, “Okay, but your axel was impressive.” Ben sighs, rubbing the back of his neck, “I have to work on my triple axel. I'm so close! I land it two-footed.” “That's better than me,” Hux jokes. “You seem to be pretty comfortable in those skates.” Ben says, “They aren't too big, are they?” “No, they aren't. They're perfect.” Hux assures. “So, what can you do on the ice? I want to see you skate.” Ben requests. “I haven't figured out my scratch spin.” Hux laughs, “And I know how to do a flip. Basically, that's as good as it gets. I have taken lessons before, but I quit skating after awhile. Violin was more important to me.” “Well, for starters, that's pretty good. I expected less,” Ben says, “Let's see that scratch spin.” “You don't want to see my scratch spin.” “Oh, I'm sure I do.” Hux huffs and does a scratch spin, and he surprises himself when it's better than he expected it to be. “It's not perfect. Neither is mine, but I don't think you give yourself enough credit,” Ben says, “Let me give you several tips...” O/O/O/O “Well, well, well, look who it is!” Hux turns to see Rey skate over to him. “Mr. I Hate The Cold himself.” Rey teases, nudging her friend's arm, “So, what brings you to the ice so early?” “Why is he on the ice earlier than us?” Phasma queries from afar, “Why is he even on the ice?” “Not that we're complaining,” Rey cuts in. “So, I'm not allowed to feel like skating whenever I want?” Hux jokes back. “No, it's just dubious...” Rey trails, and her eyes drop to his feet, “You got skates?” “There's no way those could be rentals. N-o way.” Phasma mumbles. “Hello, girls,” Ben greets, stopping at Hux's side. Phasma and Rey instantly exchange glances with wide grins. “Good morning, Ben,” Both greet at the same time. Phasma grabs Hux's arm, “Can we take him for awhile?” Ben nods with a confused look on his face, and he skates away, doing more crazy things on the frozen surface. “Did you kiss?!” Phasma asks immediately, gripping Hux's arm tightly. “What? Ow!” Hux hisses and tires to pull his arm back. “Did you kiss?” Rey repeats, smiling. “Why do you assume we even did anything?” “You're wearing his skates, your car isn't in the lot, and you never skate, but you are now because he's on the ice!” Phasma deduces quickly, pulling on the ginger's arm, “Right?” “Uh- yeah,” Hux clears his throat, gritting his teeth, “I had a concert yesterday, and I went to the coffee shop, and he was there by coincidence. Would you let go of my arm?” “Okay, and then what?” Phasma ignores him. “We drank coffee and walked back to my place. We had a drink, he danced and then we slept.” Hux says quickly, blushing as he skips the kissing part, “That's it! We woke up, I ate and now we're here!” Rey narrows her eyes and raises her eyebrow, “Okay, yeah, but did you guys kiss?” “Yes, alright!?” Hux hisses and purses his lips, “Yes, we kissed.” Phasma smiles widely, her eyes twinkling, “I knew it!” Rey giggles and blushes, “So, how was it?!” “I was actually half drunk.” Hux states, “And he was definitely drunk, too.” “C'mon, Hux, give us the details!” Phasma and Rey plead together, “Is he a good kisser?” “I can't say he wasn't.” Hux pulls at Phasma's grip, “Let go.” “But, Hux, was it, like, a quick peck on the lips or what?” “It was...” Hux stops to ponder, not really prepared for that question. He looks to Ben, who is take several sips of his water bottle, and he looks back to Phasma, “It was satisfying for the moment. And passionate.” Hux's voice becomes softer as he revisits the memory. He shivers not because of the cold, as he is quite hot, on the contrary. He glances back to Ben, sighing, “It was...fantastically passionate.” Phasma releases Hux with that same grin on her face, “I can't believe you're in love...” “We should probably leave him be now,” Rey says, tugging at her girlfriend's arm, “He wants to spend time with Ben now.” Phasma nods with an unusual serious look on her face, as if she is on a mission. The two begin to skate away, and Hux calls after them: “Don't forget to tell Jukebug!” And both give him two enthusiastic thumbs ups. O/O/O/O “Are you ready to go?” Ben asks Hux, walking up to the ginger as he slings his ice skating backpack over his shoulder. Hux is unlacing the skates, and he looks up, “I'm almost done. Are you going to drive me back to my car, or are we doing something else?” From afar, Hux can swear he hears giggling, but he dismisses it. “Um...yeah. Do you want to have lunch with me?” Ben asks, “At my house?” Hux blinks, “You want me to have lunch at your house.” “Yes, I think that's what I said.” Ben titters nervously, “Is there a problem?” “No, no, I would love to. It sounds great...” Hux trails, and his eyebrows furrow, “Just as long as you bring me back to my violin, I'll be fine.” Ben smiles, and it almost looks relieved, “Great. I'll be waiting for you in the car.” Hux nods and resumes the task of unlacing the skates on his feet. Rey slides in next to him on the bench. “Lunch, huh?” Rey chortles, an eyebrow curved teasingly. “Yes, Rey. Lunch. You know...the second meal of the day, particularly the one that happens around noon.” Hux informs, “Would you two stop being so weird about this?” “Sorry, not sorry!” Phasma cries from afar, and it makes Rey giggle again. “I agree with Phas, but honestly, this is awesome. You're in a relationship with this super-hot ice skater and you guys already kissed! I mean, it's hard not to freak over that.” Rey says, and she points to the skates at Hux's feet, “I mean, it's obvious you are in love! You just went ice skating, for Christ's sake!” “I am in love.” Hux agrees with a roll of his eyes, “It's not like I'm denying it. And, yes, he is attractive.” Hux puts on his shoes, gathers the skates and stands up. Rey stares at him with her wide brown eyes as he does so, and nodding slowly in positive agreement. “I'll see you around, Rey.” Hux says, patting his brown-haired friend on the shoulder as he turns to walk out of the building. “Yeah...see you around...” Rey mutters, “Kiss him for me, will you?” Hux chuckles to himself and he shakes his head, blushing fondly as the idea of kissing Ben overrides his thoughts. “Will do, Rey,” Hux whispers, and he hops into the passenger's seat of the car waiting for him outside. Before Ben can get a chance to say anything, Hux leans in and take the skater's mouth with his own. Like magic, Ben melts into the kiss, sighing softly in pleasure. It feels wonderful to be so close to Ben like this- it feels so right to kiss him like this. Hux lifts his hand to Ben's cheek and is relieved when the smooth texture of Ben's skin comes into contact with his fingertips. Kissing Ben makes Hux's morning complete, it seems, as if the last piece of the puzzle is put in place before a new one can start. Hux pull back, and Ben's eyes flutter open. The chocolate irises are glittering, and Ben's lips seem to be quivering for more, but Hux only takes this as a trick of the light, though he knows he will have no problem kissing Ben again. Instead, Hux makes himself comfortable in the passenger's seat, a smug smile on his features. “A-Alright...” Ben clears his throat and swallows, “Let's go.” O/O/O/O Ben's house is a little further out into the countryside than Hux assumes, and the house itself is bigger than what Hux originally imagined. Ben pulls up on the rather long driveway and stops at the peak of the curve, right in front of the door. Ben turns the engine off and unbuckles his seat belt. For some reason, Hux feels very jittery. “We've arrived.” Ben says. Hux exits the car and follows Ben to the door, but before Ben can open it, Hux grabs his shoulder. “Hang on. Are your parents home?” Hux asks, mildly panicked. Ben shrugs and shoots him an apologetic look. “They might not be?” Ben opens the door, and exclaims loudly, “I'm home!” The smell of fresh chicken and chives rush to Hux's nose, and it smell so nice, Hux whimpers in delight. Ben turns back to grin at Hux. “It smells good,” Ben agrees, and he motions for Hux to come inside, “C'mon. Let's go say hello.” Hux nods and removes his shoes and tucks them into the corner of the entrance. Ben kicks his boots off and strides inside, heading to the kitchen. Hux follows him without a word. The kitchen is in the back of the house, with a great view of the backyard and the pool. The space is big and beautiful, and the food resting on the stove-tops look to-die-for. Needless to say, it's obviously Ben's father at the kitchen sink. The gray-haired man is washing some utensils, still clad in his used apron. He tilts his head up when he hears the sound of footsteps entering his kitchen, and he shoots a charming lopsided grin to the two. “Well, hello there.” He greets, shutting off the water, wiping the wetness off on his apron and extending his hand to Hux, “Welcome. I'm Han.” Hux shakes the rugged man's hand with a shy smile, “It's nice to meet you, sir. I'm Hux.” “Well, Hux, the pleasure is all mine.” Han says, patting the shorter man's shoulder, “You're staying for lunch, huh?” “I think I am, sir.” Hux nods. “He is,” Ben nods as well. “That's great, but look, kid,” Han says, turning quickly to stir some scallions, “You're welcomed for lunch, just don't call me 'sir.'.” “Alright,” Hux chuckles nervously. “Ben, why don't you go get your mother? She's at the piano, if you haven't guessed yet.” Han says, “Oh! And can you get Chewie?” “Sure, pops.” Ben shrugs, and he takes Hux's hand, “So far, so good. Let's go get Chewie first.” “Who's Chewie?” Hux asks, “Is it a dog?” “Yep.” “Okay...” “You don't like dogs.” “No, not really.” Ben laughs, “You'll like Chewie.” With that, he opens a door leading to outside, and he whistles. Immediately, a big brown dog with shaggy fur runs into view, his drooling tongue hanging out and his ears flopping up and down with every step. Hux takes a step back as the behemoth of a dog pounces on Ben and knocks him down, licking the skater's face and barking happily. Hux grimaces. “Hi, Chewie!” Ben pets the dog, hugging it and kissing it. Chewie barks and hops over Ben to Hux, who backs away slowly. Chewie sits down in front of Hux and bows his head, as if the dog is greeting the ginger politely. Hux is shocked by this, especially after witnessing the dog basically attack Ben with love. Hux pets Chewie cautiously, rubbing behind it's ears. Hux smiles when the dog leans into palm, but recoils when the dog's slimy tongue licks his wrist. Chewie barks happily and runs into the house, and Hux looks to Ben. “I told you. I knew you'd like Chewie.” Ben grins. Hux shrugs, “He's much more polite than I originally thought.” Ben laughs, and it nearly sounds nostalgic, “Dopheld thought the same.” Ben points to his face, “I have to go wash my mouth, but you can go to the living room to meet my mother.” Hux gives him a nervous look, and then slowly shakes his head. Ben snorts, “She's not bad , Hux, at all. And I'll be there in a second.” Hux sighs and he turns to go to the living room—where ever that may be. Out of the may rooms, Hux finds it on his first try, mostly because the sound of a playing piano leads him to it. He enters the living room, and the first thing he notices is the short woman playing said instrument. Her grayed hair is pulled into a bun, her lips are pursed in focus. Her eyes are brown, hidden behind red-lined glasses that hang at the tip of her nose. Hux freezes when he realizes he recognizes the pianist. “Mrs. Organa-Solo?” Hux squeaks, and blinks, hoping it's only a figment of his imagination. Before looking up from the sheet music, her eyebrows furrow in confusion. “Mr. Hux?” She asks, finally adverting her eyes to the ginger. Her mouth drops when she sees it is, indeed, Hux. She blinks, too, “What are you doing in my house?” She motions to the music, “Did you bring your violin, or something? I'm practicing this piece, but it doesn't seem right without the violin accompaniment.” “Wait, wait, wait!” Hux shakes his head, “You're Ben's mother?” Leia chuckles and nods, “I am.” Hux bows, “I'm sorry, I didn't know.” “Don't apologize, silly. You're invited for lunch.” Leia jokes, and she folds her glasses away. She stands up and walks to Hux. She takes his hand and shakes it. “It's a pleasure to have you here.” She says sincerely, and she pulls him into a hug, his head resting on her shoulder, “Thank you for doing this for Ben. He needs this so much.” Hux titters, “I'm pretty sure I'd do anything for him.” “Good,” Leia sighs, “Very good.” “So, you guys hit off already?” Ben asks when he walks into the room, “That was really fast.” “Actually, I already met your mother, just, not in this circumstance,” Hux informs, “She's the pianist I keep on talking about.” “Hah!” Ben snorts, “I should of known. Why did I not think of that?” “I can't believe I already met your mother.” Hux mutters, “But, thank God I did.” Leia chortles and shakes her head, “I'm not that scary, am I?” “Of course not. Chewie is scarier than you, and that's saying a lot.” Ben jokes. “Chewie didn't frighten you too much, did he?” Leia asks Hux. Hux shakes his head. “Is lunch ready?” Leia asks, turning to look to her son. “Just about.” Ben shrugs, “I think.” “Lunchtime!” Han yells from the kitchen. “But, I guess that just about answers our question,” Ben sniggers. “Well, let's not keep your father waiting.” Leia says. And the trio make there way to the dining room, where the delicious food awaits. Chapter 4 : Hey, the night is kinda pretty... Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) "So, you talked to your parents about me?" Hux grins, stooping to get inside the passenger's seat of Ben's car, "When did you have the time?" Ben is blushing profusely, and his lip is pouting, but he seems to refuse to answer Hux, possibly scorning him for the teasing. "Is it a problem that I like you?" Ben mutters. "No," Hux replies without a pause, "No, no, no." He wraps his arms around Ben's neck and tenderly kisses him on the cheek. Ben sighs and rests on Hux's shoulder, and Hux entwines his fingers into the onyx hair. "I love you," Hux says, and kisses Ben again. Ben smiles, "Well, good." Hux pulls back, though he doesn't really want to, and he buckles himself into his seat. Ben mirrors. "Although...you could have told me we were going to see your parents." Hux says. "I did," Ben starts the car and begins to roll out of the driveway. " With enough time to, at least, bring flowers, or something." Hux finishes, "I felt really rude." "Well, don't." Ben says, "They don't care. They like you." Hux leans his head on the window pane, looking out to the passing trees and unusual shadows moving in the night. "So, do you still live with your parents?" Hux asks. "It's complicated." Ben replies, "They want me to live with them. but I rent an apartment for myself. Hell, they'd even pay for me to stay, and I'm not even lying in the slightest bit." "That's actually pretty annoying, but I don't think I'd know," Hux snorts, "But, I guess you're lucky for having such loving parents." "I wouldn't trade them for anything in the world." Ben murmurs. "Yeah." Hux smiles. Ben shifts in his seat, "Okay, so where are we going?" "You can bring me back to my car. Or, you can drive me back to my house and we can walk to get my car." Hux says. "Or, maybe we can go to my apartment. It's closer." Ben offers. "What time is it?" "Seven." Ben titters, "I didn't realize how long we were talking." "Seven," Hux repeats, "Okay." "You're not hungry, are you?" Ben jokes. "Hungry? No," Hux laughs softly, "Tired, yes." "You can crash at my place." "I don't think I have a choice." Hux says. "You're right about that." Ben grins, "I'm stealing you away from your violin." "Oh, the tragedy!" Hux moans dramatically, pretending to faint. Ben snickers, rolling his eyes, and replying sarcastically, "Yes, the horror! I'm such a monster." Hux titters, looking at Ben as he drives, enjoying his boyfriend's prominent profile outlined with stars. God, he's pretty like this . "We're here." Ben says, turning into another driveway and pulling up. Hux unbuckles and exits the car. Ben locks the automobile and unlocks his apartment, opening the door wide to Hux. Hux enters, his frozen fingers melting as soon as he steps into the living area. The floor is a warming hardwood, the kitchen is clean and spacey, the living room is furnished with leather sofas, and the bedroom is tucked neatly in the back of the apartment. "Welcome to my home," Ben says, dropping his keys on the thin dresser at the entrance. He kicks off his shoes and strides inside. Hux unclothes himself from his coat, gloves, and shoes, and he follows Ben to the kitchen. Hux peers inside, watching as Ben rummages in his cabinets. He pulls out some tea bags, and a can of ground coffee. He puts a kettle on the gas burner and begins to heat up water, all whilst preparing the coffee machine. "If you want, you can make yourself comfortable in the living room." Ben says, "Help yourself to whatever you want." Hux brings his mouth to Ben's, and he kisses him softly. He parts before he can get ahead of himself and murmurs, "Okay. Thank you." Hux hugs Ben from behind, resting his head on the skater's back. I could just sleep here and be fine... "Hey," Ben nudges, "Do you want to sleep on the bed? I'm sure it's much more comfortable." "Hm?" Hux lifts his head, but nuzzles his nose back into Ben's shirt, "No, no. You smell very nice." "Thank you." Ben laughs, and turns around, catching Hux in his arms, "I guess the car ride made you drowsy, hm?" Hux shrugs, and snuggles himself into Ben's chest, "No, I don't think so. I just want to cuddle, I guess." Hux lifts his head, "Do you know how beautiful you look right now?" Ben titters, "Not really, no." A corner of Hux's lips perk, "You're really beautiful." Ben blushes and adverts his eyes, "Thank you." The tea kettle shrieks at them not a second later, and Ben lets go of his boyfriend to take care of it. He pours the boiling water into a cup, and he seeps the teabag into the water. Ben picks up the cup from under the coffee maker, looking down at the liquid and pouring a generous amount of cream into it. He throws the teabag away and adds cream before giving it to Hux. "Do you want to rest on the couch?" Ben asks. "Yeah," Hux agrees with a small nod. Hux sits down next to Ben on the couch, and folds his legs into a lotus potion as he moves his tea closer to his face. Hux sips it, and he smiles, watching as Ben pulls his rubber band out of his hair and tosses it aside. Hux takes another sip of his tea. "This is good." Hux says, "It's perfect. How do you know how to make wonderful tea?" "My mother actually loves tea," Ben replies, then, his eyebrows scrunch together, "Unless that question was meant to be rhetorical." Hux snorts and rolls his eyes, "Isn't it strange how we didn't know each other two days ago, and then, you decided to bump into me? Isn't that fateful?" Ben nods, pulling up a blanket to cover his feet. "I can't even believed we kisses," Hux continues, and he looks to Ben, "You were drunk. I'm sorry. God, that was so irresponsible of me." Ben shrugs, "It's okay. I was drunk, but aware, if that makes sense." "Yes, it does." "I like it when you kiss me," Ben murmurs, turning away and blushing. Hux grins, humming, "I like to kiss you, too." Ben chortles and leans his head on Hux's shoulder, nuzzling his nose into Hux's shirt. Hux places his tea down on the coffee table, and wraps his arms around Ben, shifting so the skater is resting against his chest. From this position, Hux has a calming view of the frigid night outside through the glass balcony doors. The stars are still twinkling on the black backdrop thick as velvet. The light of the moon is shrouded and obscured by thin wisps of clouds, misting over the scattered pine trees and over the street-light lit pavements. Hux wishes the lights were off, wanting only to cuddle here with Ben and listen to his breath in the silence. Hux closes his eyes. Hux feels Ben shuffle around in his grasp, the skater's chest pressed on his own, and then, suddenly, a pair of lips brush his mouth. Hux's eyes flutter open and he instinctively returns the osculation, the familiarity of the kiss warming him fuzzily. Ben nips on Hux's lips, pressing his body closer. Hux cards his hand into Ben's hair and responds with a bite of his own. Ben gasps, and it sounds so wonderful to Hux's ears, a stir of lustful fervor seemingly heating the room steadily. Ben bravely slips his tongue into Hux's mouth, rolling over the ginger's teeth and swirling his tongue on Hux's. Hux shudders, goosebumps prickling his skin when Ben rubs his hands on Hux's collarbone. Ben parts and continues to kiss Hux's jaw with feverish marks, down to the red-head's neck, where he bites and licks tenderly. Hux's breath is now heavy and hot. Ben doesn't cease kissing Hux's jaw, his hands sliding up to trail the buttons on Hux's shirt, and he carefully unbuttons the first. "Ben," Hux gasps, grabbing the other's wrists. Ben looks up, soft, sultry eyes staring back at him. Hux stutters as he soaks in Ben's image; his lips are red and plump, his cheeks dusted a healthy pink, and he hair frayed sexily in several directions. Hux tries to speak again, but he finds that he has to advert his eyes from Ben's alluring ones in order to speak coherently. "I don't want you to do something you don't want to do." Hux finally says, loosening his grip on Ben's wrists, "Something you might regret." Ben tilts his head, lips slightly pouting, "I...I'm not going to. It's not like I'm drunk. Do you...not want...?" "It's not that. I just don't want to hurt you," Hux replies quickly, blushing. "Hurt me?" Ben raises a teasing eyebrow, "You won't hurt me." He pecks Hux's lips again, "Can I not just give myself to you?" "But-" "Shh," Ben shushes, resting his index finger on Hux's mouth and closing his eyes, "Just answer yes or no." "W-Well, y-yes, but-" Hux stutters, but he is cut off when Ben kisses him again, this time more aggressively. Ben gently scoops up the ginger bridal style, expertly managing not to break the kiss, and he stumbles forward, down the hall and into the dimly-lit bedroom. Hux seeps into the fluffy mattress when Ben puts him down. Hux grips the puffy fabric, catching the scent of fresh lavender detergent lingering on the sheets. Ben climbs over Hux, hovering above him and nip-kissing his nose. Hux has the urge to giggle, but, finding that idea awfully awkward, he resides to sighing instead. Ben undoes the rest of Hux's buttons, his big hands roughly roaming Hux's small chest. Hux feels like melting to the touch, but he keeps his mind from slipping into fantastic pleasure. He reluctantly takes a hold of Ben's hands and opens his mouth to protest. "Do you not want it?" Ben asks before Hux can utter a word. Hux knows it only takes a look for him to give in, so he keeps his eyes adverted from Ben. "Ben-" "Look at me," Ben whispers, his hand cupping Hux's cheek. A feeling of nervousness washes over him, but Hux still manages to shift his gaze to Ben. Ben looks down at him, his stare soft. "And reply honestly." Ben says, his voice still whispering, "Do I have your consent?" "Is this what you want?" Hux counters, playing with a stray strand of his boyfriend's hair. "Yes, now, answer my question." Ben demands, dipping lower to kiss Hux's chin. Ben licks Hux's collarbone slowly, his hands sliding lower than before, resting on Hux's hip. Hux gasps, before his mind to mumbo-jumbo nonsense, he replies breathlessly, "Yes." Ben rakes his finger on Hux's abdomen, catching the ginger's mouth in his own, biting roughly. Hux moans and grasps Ben's shoulders. He suddenly pushes Ben off him, and flips, straddling the skater's waist, pinning Ben's hands above his head and shoving his tongue into Ben's mouth. Why the hell does he taste like chocolate? Hux muses at the taste, running his tongue over Ben's adorably crooked teeth. Hux picks up a fiery dance with Ben's own tongue, and Ben responds wonderfully. The strange sensation further triggers Hux's lustful cravings, and Hux soon finds himself unable to hold back. He lets his hand graze Ben's inner thigh, though the other is still fully clothed, Ben shivers, releasing himself from the kiss and tilting his head to let out a shy whine of pleasure. Hux can't stop the smirk on his face, but he does his best to mask it and kisses Ben again. Hux pulls the skater's shirt off gently, wasting no time in drifting his fingers over the rather muscular chest. Hux takes a moment to admire Ben's physique, letting his palm rest on his collarbone before continuing to undress Ben. Hux is careful when his fingers fiddle with the skater's workout pants, paying close attention to Ben's reactions when he does. Ben kisses Hux's forehead, as if to encourage Hux to continue. Hux himself is nervous, his heart beating in his ears when he slides the pants of to reveal Ben's legs. Hux isn't surprised to see how well shaped the skater's legs are, particularly enjoying the pronouncement of Ben's calves and ankles, as well as the remarkably small feet. Hux presses his chest onto Ben as he leans down for another osculation, the friction making Hux uncomfortably hot and bothered. Ben's hands blindly fumble with Hux's belt, and pants, too, but Ben is quick to undress Hux when he figures it out. Hux is mildly surprised when Ben continues boldly, leaving Hux completely in the nude. Ben wraps his fingers around the thickened length, rubbing his thumb on the tip and toying with the ginger as he moves down. Hux curses and shudders, his arms shaking as he tries his best not to collapse when a strong wave of pleasure shoots through his body. Ben increases his pace, and the sensation nearly drives Hux over the edge. His breathing is heavy and his mind can only think: God, don't stop . Ben, as if he read Hux's mind, teasingly slows to a stop, releasing Hux and returning to kissing him instead. Hux pules, melting like putty into the kiss. Ben pulls away, pushing Hux back slightly on the edge of the bed and getting down on his knees. Pushing his wavy hair away from his face, Ben spreads Hux's legs gently, shifting his eyes to observe Hux's responses ever so often. Hux has to bite his hand to hold back a scream when Ben continues, using his warm and moist mouth. Ben licks meekly several times before taking it all in his mouth, the new sensation welcomed by the ginger. Hux bites deeper, his eyes closed shut as Ben starts bobbing his head at a relaxing pace. Ben skillfully uses his tongue, swirling it around at the tip and working his way down, creating a shameless slobbery mess when he does. Hux thinks he's going to die from the overload of pleasure as he reaches his peak, spilling into Ben's mouth. Ben pulls back, the milky liquid dripping down his chin and onto the floor. Ben pauses for a moment, but then swallows, licking the rest off his face. Hux removes his hand from his mouth, a rusty taste lingering, and he sighs heavily. "God, Ben," Hux moans, raking back his sweat-soaked hair. Ben gives Hux a minute to recover, which Hux is thankful for, and Ben climbs back on the bed, resting on the pillows. Hux takes two more deep breaths, then looks to the raven-haired. Slowly, not wanting to startle Ben, Hux hovers over Ben, looking down at him. Ben's puppy-like brown eyes peek through his eyelashes and he flashes a smile. Hux kisses his nose, then finishes undressing Ben, flicking the last bit of clothing onto the floor with the rest of the clothes. Hux takes his time in ravishing Ben, leaving ghost-like brushes of his lips all over the skater's chest, lovingly biting and sucking at Ben's neck and shoulders. Ben's gasps become more erotic with every touch, more pleading and lustful. God, he's so irresistible. Hux thinks as he strokes Ben's hair. Hux kisses him gently on the lips, then parts, and cups Ben's jaw reassuringly. Ben nuzzles the hand affectionately. "Please," Ben whispers, his eyes closed and his cheeks red. He says it so softly, Hux nearly misses it, but he nods, as if he knows what Ben is requesting. Hux decides to hand the reins to instinct, unsure how to go on from there. His stomach doing somersaults in his ribcage, and his heart is beating in his ears. Just stay calm, and make it wonderful for both of you. A voice tells him, and Hux feels more relieved, though he's sure he would've felt fine with one look of his lover. "I love you," Hux says, kissing Ben's cheek. Hux positions himself over Ben, and them kisses him again. "Tell me if you want to stop," Hux says. Ben looks anxious, but he nods and wraps his arms around Hux's shoulders, resting his nose on the inside of Hux's neck. Hux carefully pushes into Ben, going gently to let Ben adjust. Ben physically tenses at the movement, but he doesn't make a sound. Instead, he curls his fingers into Hux's skin and breathes more erratically. Once Hux's is fully inside Ben, he tenderly licks the tip of Ben's ear, as if to say 'it's okay.' Hesitantly, Hux begins a rhythm matching Ben's responses to the action, finding a perfect, gentle pace to begin with. Ben lets out small whines and gasps, his nails digging further into Hux's skin. Hux pays great mind to Ben, even though it's hard to focus on so many things at once. Hux slips his hands down to stroke his well-endowed partner, hoping to provide a distraction for the initial pain. Ben bites into Hux's neck, breathing heavily and scraping Hux's back. Hux continues to tease Ben, moving a little faster when he thinks it's okay to. Ben lets out a shaky moan, huffing and crossing his legs around Hux, bringing him closer. Hux picks up to a fiercer pace, his whole body burning, possibly due to being so close to Ben or the fact that he feels his cheeks burning with blush. Hux presses many open-mouthed kisses trailing Ben's jaw, trying to distract his own self from crying out too loudly. Ben pants hotly onto Hux's skin, unable to hold back moans as he knows he draws near his peak. Hux doesn't stop now, determined to continue pleasuring Ben while he can. Hux, himself, knows he is close, too. Very close. Using all the control Hux can muster, he continues to thrust into Ben, while stroking his length and kissing him, entwining his fingers into the dark raven curls and pulls slightly. Ben is breathless in seconds, melting in Hux's hand, either due to the heat or the fire of his lust. Hux turns Ben's head to get good access to Ben's lips, and Hux kisses sloppily, with his tongue and teeth as he spills into the skater, unable to hold back. Ben follows immediately after, spilling into Hux's hand with a loud cry, and them collapsing on the ginger's shoulder, exhausted. Hux pulls out, hugging his tired lover and caressing his hair as he whispers to him softly. "I love you, Ben," He says as he helps Ben relax on the pillows, covering him with one of the quilts on Ben's bed. Ben sighs with a shudder, his eyes fluttering open to look at Hux. Hux crawls into bed next to Ben, spooning him and getting a face full of hair, but Hux doesn't mind at all. He tenderly drifts his fingers over Ben's chests and inhales. Hux is pleased to know that Ben smells like him, mixed in with the faint smell of sweat and sex. "Are you alright?" Hux whispers, resting his mouth on Ben's exposed neck. "Alright?" Ben mumbles, and Hux can tell he's smiling, "I'm wonderful." "Do you feel okay?" Hux continues to worry, but this only makes Ben laugh a little. "Hux, don't worry. It was so... good ." Ben says, his tone oozing with praise and affection, "I mean, it was better than good. It was fantastic." Ben sighs, obviously content, "It was just... extraordinary. It was perfect. You're perfect. I love you." Hux yawns, snuggling closer to Ben, "Yeah. I love you, My Ben." Ben chuckles, hugging a pillow and replicating Hux's yawn. "I think we should call it a night," Ben suggests. "I second to that idea," Hux agrees, kissing his boyfriend, "Goodnight." Ben hums and repeats, "Goodnight, My Hux." Notes: First off, I just want to let you know that I am a very amateur smut writer, and that I'm not very experienced in smut in the first place, so please bare with all the issues in this little scene here (But feel free to point out where I can improve). I enjoyed writing it, nonetheless, and I hope you enjoy reading! I'd also like to say that I think the next chapter is going to be the last one, so brace yourselves (But that doesn't mean there won't be a sequel //wink//). Until the next update! Chapter 5 : My Idiot Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Hux stirs when he feels Ben shuffle around beside him, and Hux half-consciously tries to hold him back from leaving the bed. It's morning already? Hux pules softly when he feels Ben roll off the bed to get up, shortly before an obnoxious noise beeps rhythmically, and loudly, too. Hux wakes, his eyes half-lidded, lifting himself up to get up, but failing and flopping on where Ben was sleeping before. Hux moans, as though he is going to say something, but he closes his eyes when Ben disappears into the bathroom. The sound of water running gently wakes Hux up for a second time, and, this time, he gets up. The cold air makes him shiver, and he hurries to dress himself, throwing on his undergarments and blindly picking up clothes from the ground to cover himself in. It's five thirty, as the digital clock sitting on Ben's nightstand reads. Hux stumbles into the kitchen, leaving Ben to his shower. Hux searches through the cabinets to get the ingredients for breakfast, and he decides to make pancakes. Not nearly elaborate, but it's something . As he is mixing in the water to the liquid mixture, he spots a picture on the counter. His intuition tells him to grab it, and he does, looking at it curiously. In the picture, Ben is smiling brightly with a shy-looking dark-haired fellow on his right. He is also smiling, making a heart shape with his hands. Hux flips it. Ben and Dopheld . Hux gasps softly, and he puts the picture back in its place. Shoot. Dopheld...I need to talk to Ben about that... Hux looks back down to the bowl cradled in the crook of his arm. Hux stirs the batter, and that's when Ben strides into the kitchen, and Hux turns to smile at him. He sets down the bowl and walks over to kiss him good-morning. Ben kisses him back. “Good morning,” Ben grins, ruffling his damp hair before pulling it into a ponytail. “'Morning,” Hux mumbles with a mirrored grin, and he turns back to stir the batter before carefully spilling some on the hot pan on the burner. Ben goes to make himself a cup of coffee, hesitantly clutching another mug. “Do you want some caff?” Ben asks. Hux looks back to Ben. “Oh, no, thank you.” “Tea?” Hux shakes his head. Ben shrugs and puts the cup back into the cabinet, making himself his own cup of coffee. Hux waits for the pancakes to bubble before flipping them, keeping a close eye on him. Ben warps his arms around Hux and rests his head on Hux's back. “Did you sleep well?” Ben asks. “Mm-hm,” Hux blushes, “and you?” Ben hums in agreement, and brushes his lips on Hux's neck. “So, do you like my sweater?” Hux drops his eyes down at the oversized jacket and he nods, a fuzzy feeling stirring in his stomach. Hux puts the made pancakes on a plate and puts more batter in little circles, and continues to wait for them to cook fully. Hux inhales. “Can we...talk?” Hux asks, forcing Ben to let go so he can turn around. Ben looks worried, but he nods, pulling at his sleeves. “I...I don't want to...upset you,” Hux starts off, and that obviously makes Ben frown, “But...I need to know more about...” Hux holds his breath, “Dopheld.” Ben's shoulder slump and he pales slightly at the name, reaching for the cup of coffee he made for himself. “What...do you want to know about?” Ben inquires nervously. He takes a smalls sip and winces when it burns his tongue. Hux looks away, focusing on the food in the pan. “Well...how long were you together?” Hux questions, prodding at the raw batter with the spatula in his hand, “You know...before he...broke up with you.” “...Three years.” Ben sighs, cradling his cup, “We were together for three years.” “Three years.” Hux repeats softly, surprised. Ben nods slowly, continuing glumly, “We were talking about getting married—well, it was more of a joke, of course, but... I would have married him if he wanted.” Hux bites his cheek when he takes in the information, and he flips the pancakes when they begin to bubble. “Is that all?” “Ben,” Hux sighs, sets the spatula down, “I want you to be happy, but if you're trying to replace him with me-” “I'm not.” Ben protests, almost angry. Hux looks back, his heart beating faster when he notice tears in the corners of Ben's eyes. “Ben, I need to know how much he meant to you. Are you okay with moving on from him so soon?” Hux asks, his tone plagued with heavy, genuine worry. “It was three years ago.” Ben reminds through his teeth, rubbing his eyes, “Yes, he meant a lot to me. A lot, a lot. I loved him, but, I promise, I'm fine.” “I can let you have time to heal-” Hux offers, but he is cut off by Ben. “You are part of my healing!” Hux sighs to calm down, giving Ben a chance to calm down, too. Hux grips the counter, leaning back on it and inhaling. “How far did you go with him?” Hux mutters, his eyes closed. “W-What- why- what?” Ben sniffles, “We never...” Ben stammers, blushing, “had sex before, if that's what you mean.” Hux nods, turning around to move the next set of pancakes onto the plate with the rest. He spills in one last, big spoonful of batter on the pan and sets the bowl to the side. He turns around to look at Ben, who is zoned-out on Hux's feet. Hux purses his lips. Dammit, you said the wrong things . Then again, he knew that talking about Dopheld wasn't going to be pleasant . Hux walks over to Ben and hugs him, jolting him from his small trance. Ben tries his best to hug back, burying his nose into Hux's red hair. “Hey, I'm sorry,” Hux says, “I didn't mean to make you upset.” “I'm not.” Ben squeaks, and it barely sounds convincing, but Hux lets it slide. “I just...I want to protect you.” Hux says, “I don't want you to end up regretting being with me.” “I won't.” It sounds like a promise, “You're everything I need.” Hux titters, tilting up to quickly kiss Ben on the lips. “You're a liar. I'm not your skates.” Ben grins, and his eyes sparkle as he presses a kiss to Hux's forehead. “No. You're better.” ----- As soon as Hux steps into the ice rink's bleachers, he hears three familiar voices squealing in delight. He turns to the girls on the boards, who are staring at him and giggling. Jessika is with them, too. All skate over to him at once. “Huxy!” Rey and Phasma shout in chorus. “Francesco!” Jessika says instead. “Hey,” Hux greets back with a terse nod of his head, “How are you doing this morning?” Jessika shrugs. Rey and Phasma can't stop grinning. Hux peers over his shoulder to see Ben walking up to the rink's door. Ben pauses in slight confusion and eyes the girls hesitantly. “Um...Excuse me...?” Ben's gaze shifts to Hux, as if to ask 'did I do it right?' The girls take one swizzle back from the door in unison, it's almost scary. Hux looks to Ben. “Go,” Hux juts his chin to the ice, “Go warm up. You're wasting your ice time by just staring at me.” Ben's eyes flicker to the girls and widen in subtle fear. He sticks his thumb in the direction of the girls. “Why are they grinning, though?” “No time. Go.” Hux points to the rink, and begins to climb up the bleacher stairs. “Hey, if you want to skate, too-” “Nope!” Hux cuts Ben off, “I'm very okay with sitting down and watching you from there,” Hux points to an empty seat, and looks back to Ben, “What are you still doing not on the ice?” Ben smirks and blushes, and immediately takes his guards off and slides onto the frozen surface without protesting. Hux is beaming in satisfaction as Ben follows his demands, though he doesn't outwardly show it. Instead, he sits and watches Ben stroke around the ice. There's no way to describe how alluring Ben looks on the ice, and Hux wonders how he didn't notice in the first place. His eyes seem...brighter. Hux smiles. He does have beauti ful eyes . Ben huffs and begins to practice his twizzles, which are clean and impressive. Hux marvels at the precision, shivering as it makes his arms tingly with goosebumps. About an hour or so into practice, the girls are by the boards watching Ben as he tirelessly jumps his double axel consecutively. Hux doesn't understand why he feels slightly bothered—jealous, even—as they watch him with admiration. A very distant thought passes his mind: I'm the only one who can stare at him like that! Ben pauses to breathe, and then he licks his lips, readying for another jump. This time he rotates faster, flying through the air as he attempts a triple axel. Hux doesn't realize that he is holding his breath. That is, until Ben lands it. The landing is slightly tedious, but definite. Ben gracefully stretches his arms out the same time a smile makes itself present on his face, and he jumps on his toe-picks in delight of his success. The girls cheer, too. Hux almost literally jumps down the flight of metal stairs to greet Ben at the rink door. Ben excitedly skates to Hux, and Hux thinks, I love it when he smiles . Hux's next thought is, I wish I could always make him smile. “Hux, you- did you see that?” The elated, childish manner of Ben's motions makes Hux feel jittery inside. He absolutely adores the way Ben is beaming with accomplishment. “I landed it! I actually landed it- my triple axel!” “I know!” Hux pulls him into a hug, grasping Ben tightly. Hux doesn't really know how to act, exactly, he's just happy Ben is happy, “It was amazing! You're amazing.” Ben blushes, and pulls back, brushing a stray strand of hair behind his ear. “You must be my lucky charm.” Ben looks down at his feet meekly, “ My lucky charm.” Hux's heart beats faster at that, and he thinks, L ucky charm. Ben's l ucky charm. Hux smiles, looking into Ben's eyes. “I like that.” Ben hugs Hux again, and then he suddenly swoops to pick Hux up off his feet. Hux exclaims in shock, holding onto Ben's neck tightly. Ben merely laughs as Hux squirms, his laugh ringing in Hux's ears like wind chimes. “Ben, please put me down.” Hux requests. Ben chortles again, and moves out onto the ice, skating slowly at first. Hux squeals in surprise and tries to tighten his grip, but that only makes his hands sore. It doesn't matter, in fact, as he can feel Ben's sturdy grip under his knees and on the small of his back. Without speaking, Ben tells him, I won't ever drop you . And Hux lets himself lean onto Ben's shoulder and close his eyes, right over Ben's beating heart. Ben nuzzles his cold nose into Hux's hair in response, taking a long whiff of Hux's scent. “I trust you,” Hux mumbles so softly, Ben almost doesn't hear him. But he does, and he pauses, and smiles. Ben smiles all the while twirling in circles with Hux tucked safely in his arms. ----- Hux stands to the side as Ben removes his skates and stretches. Hux smiles in adoration, enjoying simply watching his boyfriend preform his off-ice routine. Ben stands, puffing a breath of air, then looks to Hux with a toothy smile. “So, what do you want to do now?” Ben asks, slinging his Transpack over his shoulder. “Huh? Oh, well...what's the time?” Hux asks, and then mentally slaps himself as he remembers the watch on his wrist. Ben looks at his cellphone before Hux can take a glace at his wrist. “It's eight.” “Well, we can go for tea- coffee- whatever- at the cafe.” Hux says. “That's an idea,” Ben nods, still looking at his phone, “Hux, do you have a concert tonight?” “Oh, yeah. Um...rehearsal is-” “At two.” Ben says, grinning, “And the concert is at eight. My mother said so.” Hux titters, smiling, “Will you be there? At the concert, I mean. Don't come during rehearsal.” Ben giggles, “I won't. I have practice from eleven to three.” He pauses, “Do you want me to come?” “Would it be a problem if I said 'yes?'” Ben grins, “Not at all.” “ But in the mean time, why don't you two loverbirds do something together?” Phasma cuts in, suddenly appearing behind Ben. Hux jumps, sighing, “ Phasma. Don't creep up on us like that.” “But, I mean, the rehearsal is six hours away.” “My parents want you over for lunch.” Ben states, “Just so you know.” “Ben, I would love to, but you have your practice and I have a rehearsal-” “Lunch is only an hour at most. My mother says that if you bring your violin, you can have a one-on-one. Oh, and she'll drive you to rehearsal.” Ben says, and then shrugs, “That's what my mother says in her text.” Hux narrows his eyes. “And I'm assuming you'll take me no matter what I say?” “That's right.” Ben smirks deviously. Hux huffs, “Okay. I'm coming, but this time , you better let me get them flowers. Deal?” “Deal.” ----- Hux doesn't let his boyfriend drive his own car. First, Hux goes to his home to pick up his violin and change into more concert-acceptable clothes. Hux leaves the blazer and bow-tie off for the upcoming lunch, but takes them along anyway. Being a master at multitasking, he brews himself a cup of tea to take along with him. Ben is still waiting in the car for him when Hux comes back. Ben drops his feet down from the dash, and he eyes Hux with a grin. Hux throws his blazer and bow tie in the back, and puts his tea in the cup holder. “You look very formal.” Ben says, “I like it a lot. You look nice like this.” “Uh-huh.” Ben settles back in his seat. “Now we, rather I , go get flowers for your parents.” Hux says, and Ben rolls his eyes. Hux jabs Ben lightly in the side, causing Ben to giggle. “It's important to bring something for the host! That's absolutely basic party etiquette!” Ben scoffs with a smirk, “It's not a party. It's an informal lunch invitation.” “Nothing you will say can change my mind. They're just going to have to accept my flowers whether you like it or not.” Hux says, rolling out from his driveway. “As basic host etiquette, it would be rude to reject flowers, even.” Ben says. He adds, “I don't get why you're not letting me drive.” Hux shoots Ben an incredulous look, scoffing, “Because you're not going to let me get your parents flowers, that's why.” “No, I just don't get why you have to. They're just my parents.” Hux sighs, shaking his head, “Even more the reason.” “Or...” Ben smirks, “You just like driving me around. You want me to fawn over your driving skills, is that it?” “What? No!” Hux exclaims, jabbing Ben again, “You're so insufferable sometimes.” Ben laughs again. Hux suddenly feels horrible. “No, wait, I take that back.” “Huh?” “I...I thank you for being in my life.” Hux says, “Even during those rare times when I'm the insufferable one.” Hux titters softly, then pauses, “When I think about it...you make my day so much... warmer , which is interesting considering the snow and ice, and all.” Ben goes silent, his cheeks flushing a warm red. Hux nearly abandons driving to kiss the warm red of Ben's face, but he reminds himself that he might kill them both if he does, or at least total a car that is not his own. Hux begrudgingly keeps his hands on the wheel and his eyes directed on the road. Much to his surprise, it's Ben who leans over to kiss him on the cheek. Ben's lips are so soft and plush on Hux's skin...and Hux can't help but think that Ben is meant for him. Hux smiles, his heart feeling giddy and warm. Ben leans back in his seat, looking out through the window. “Yeah,” He says, “You're exactly what I need in my life, too.” Hux's breath hitches in his throat and he realizes, again taken by surprise, that nothing more true has ever been spoken to him before. ----- “Hello! Welcome!” Leia says as she opens the door, and she invites the duo inside. “Thank you, Mrs. Organa-Solo.” Hux bows, and he displays the flowers to her. “It's no problem,” Leia laughs, “And please, call me Leia, as you usually do.” She gently grabs the flowers from Hux's hands, “These are really lovely.” Leia inhales and paws at the flowers, smiling, “You really didn't have to.” Ben leans into Hux's ear, whispering, “I told you so.” Hux playfully shoves Ben's face away, giving no response, but he smiles anyway. “Lunch is just about ready.” Leia says, “Ben, could you please lend your father a hand?” Ben nods and hastily disappears into the kitchen. “As for you, you know where the living room is. You can put your violin down there.” Leia says, “I need to take care of these flowers. Come to the dining room whenever you're ready.” “Of course.” Hux does as he is told, depositing his violin in the living room next to the piano and he strides gracefully into the dining room once he locates it. His flowers are set up in the center of the white table-clothed, oblong table, and Leia is busy setting up plates around the table for lunch. “Chaud devant!” Han shouts, and he passes Hux, holding a steaming pot of potatoes. Hux thankfully dodges, and he laughs nervously, “Can I help with anythi-” “Chaud devant!” Ben shouts, “Hot salmon and grits coming through!” Hux dodges Ben too, who just snorts as he purposely almost skims Hux with the hot pan. Hux hisses, calling Ben a jerk under his breath in jest. Ben smiles mischievously to Hux, who is tempted to stick out his own tongue, but his polite self won't let him do that. Well, not in front of Leia, anyway. ----- “Thank you very much for lunch, again,” Hux says, “This is really good.” “'Course it is, kid.” Han says smugly, “I've spent my entire lifetime mastering this recipe, and so much more, too.” “It shows.” Hux agrees. “So, are you nervous about tonight?” Leia asks, taking a dainty bite from her fish. “No.” Hux replies, “My only concern is my fingers freezing.” “Ha!” Ben guffaws, “You should wear gloves. Your fingers will de-frost in seconds.” “I can't play the violin with gloves on, Ben .” Hux rolls his eyes, “Try skating with your guards on.” Ben winces, shaking his head, “Out of experience, yeah, it's hurt-y.” “I can only imagine.” Hux says, finishing the rest of his grits and potatoes, “But, I could never imagine playing the violin—or instruments in general—with gloves on.” Leia hums in agreement, “Speaking of instruments,” Leia dabs the corners of her lips to wipe away some salmon juice, “Are you ready for practice?” “Yes.” Ben gets up from his seat and starts gathering the plates. Han lets out an 'eh' to catch Ben's attention, and he passively waves his hand. “Don't bother, kid.” Han says, “You go on with your Hux here. I'll take care of it.” Ben smiles and blushes, and he nods. Hux thinks it's absolutely adorable. “Hux? Shall we?” Leia beckons, already moving out of the dining room. “Yes, of course.” Hux is quick to follow, tucking in his chair as he makes his way to the exit. Ben steps in line next to Hux, grabbing his lover's hand and kissing Hux's cheek in adoration. Hux is almost positive he's going to melt, or explode, or both—he just feels so flushed and he can hear his heart beating out of his chest. Hux sighs. What a wonderfully bloody mess that would be. Hux walks to where his instrument is placed, and he pops open the case. Delicately, he grabs the violin by its slender neck, and he gently grips the bow in his other hand. Leia seats herself at the piano her hand hovering over the keys as her other hand sets up the sheet music. Before beginning, both Hux and Leia creepily begin on their scales—the same scale at the same pace, which freaks Ben out a little. Nevertheless, it's impressive. Ben makes himself comfortable on the sofa, just watching Hux and his mother with a joyful grin plastered on his face. Hux finds the smile warming, and it makes him shake at the wrists. Thankfully, it works with his vibrato, but it kind bothers Hux, in a good way, that Ben's smile has such a physical effect on his playing. ----- Leia and Hux leave the house together to go to the Downtown Galliard for their rehearsal hours before the concert, leaving Han and Ben behind. Ben, in the meantime, gets himself a preened for the occasion, and he forces his father to wear something snazzy, too, for the concert. Ben looks himself in the mirror. His hair is fluffy and sleek, his balmed lips plush and shiny, his outfit impeccable—a white button-down with a black bow-tie, matched with a black blazer and dress pants. Perfect. Fifteen minutes from the concert time, Ben grabs the keys to Hux's car and drags his father to the automobile. He jumps in with unconstrained excitement, and Han can do nothing but chuckle a he slyly slips into the passenger's seat. Ben can't help but drive over speed limit to get to the Galliard, eager to see Hux play his violin and actually recognize him as he plays. Han begins to feel uneasy for some reason, and he tells Ben to slow down. “I have a bad feeling about this.” Han mutters, and Ben does slow down. “We might be late,” Ben bemoans, slouching a little in the driver's seat. “Better be late than dead,” Han points out. Ben doesn't say anything, but he agrees in his head, even though he really can't wait to see Hux. He wonders what Hux would do on-stage. Ben hopes he could make Hux smile through the whole program, let Hux know that his playing was, of course, perfect. Ben knows he doesn't want to let Hux down by being late, though. Contrary to popular belief, there is nothing 'fashionable' about being late. But maybe being distracted by such a little thought is wrong. Maybe, had he not been thinking too much, he wouldn't have been distracted. Maybe, just maybe, Ben would've seen the truck running the red light at the intersection. And maybe he wouldn't have gotten hit. ----- Hux sighs as he walks onstage, the cheers of the crowd deafening him and the bright lights shining directly into his eyes. It made it very hard to see. Hux searches the crowd the best he can, but as expected, he finds no Ben. Oh, well , Hux thinks, He's certainly out there somewhere . Hux knows Ben wouldn't miss this for the world. The pianist, Leia, walks out after him and a bows before taking a seat at the piano. The crowd cheers wildly again, claps erupting in the echo-y space like a fierce thunderstorm. And that's when a bad feeling reaches Hux's stomach. It must be something I ate . Hux dismisses, but he knows that isn't it. Hux can tolerate the mixture of salmon, potatoes, and grits, so what is this feeling brewing in his stomach. Hux brushes it off as the orchestra is ordered to to tune their instruments. Hux tunes his instrument needlessly, as it is already tuned. Even so, he is too distracted by this weird feeling to care as much. The conductor enters the stage, and all instruments go quiet. After a few brief announcements, such as introducing Leia and Hux, the conductor begins the program. Hux plays flawlessly, of course, which half-surprises him, but it pleases him. Technically, he knows he did fine. Unfortunately, he was too emotionally confused to indulge himself and the audience with his typically moving performances. No matter how much he tried, he could not shake the feeling for dread off his back. ----- Hux has never been more thankful for the ten minute intermission that comes in the middle of the program before. It gives Hux a time to cool off and handle himself emotionally. As soon at the intermission is issued, Hux makes his way into the audience to find Han and Ben. He gets mildly panicked with he doesn't find them, but then concludes that maybe they are trying to find him, and that they are going around in circles trying to find each other. Five minutes later, Hux is getting more and more anxious. He pulls out his phone from his case and looks through his messages to see if Ben texted him, or something. Nothing. Hux decides to text Ben instead of waiting. 'Where are you?' Hux texts, 'I'm looking for you, but I can't find you.' In the next two minutes, Ben does not reply. 'Ben, are you even here?' Hux asks through the text, 'I'm at the stage, if you need to find me.' Nothing. Leia walks over to Hux, a distraught look on her features. “Do you know where Ben is?” She asks. “You don't know either?” Hux asks back, panic showing through his calm facade. “No.” “I was just texting him just now.” Hux says, “I'm not getting a reply.” He looks at his phone, “I should call.” Leia nods, fiddling with her hands nervously. Hux takes no time in going through his contacts to pull up Ben's number and call him. Hux is left with the silence for a while, but eventually Ben picks up. Only, it's not Ben. It's Han. “Hello?” Han says, “Is this Hux?” “Yes!” Hux replies quickly, his voice strained, “Where are you?” “Ehh...” Han inhales shakily, “I'm afraid we're at the hospital.” Hux nearly drops his phone. “One minute until the concert resumes! Please return to your seats!” The PSA informs. “ What ?” Hux chokes, gripping the phone like his life depended on it. He can already feel tears forming in the corners of his eyes, “ What happened ?” Han stay silent for a while, and then he replies with caution, “We were at the intersection. There was this truck and...” Hux's breath hitches. Leia purses her lips. “What hospital are you at?” Hux grits, trying to keep his voice controlled, through he feels like crying. No, no, no, don't cry now ! “We're at the Resistance Hospital.” Han mutters, “The Physical Trauma and Recovery Center. Floor five, room twenty-one hundred and eight.” Hux doesn't thank Han. He doesn't even give a proper farewell. Hux just hangs up and dashes out of the Galliard. He doesn't care that his violin is not with him. He doesn't even care that his phone is no longer in his hand. He doesn't stop to hop into the car—he doesn't have to keys to it, anyway. He knows where the hospital is. Not far. And if he's going to miss his cue on-stage, so be it. He needs to see Ben. He needs to know if the love of his life is alive. Hux already can't handle knowing Ben is hurt, but he can't imagine what the hell he'll do if Ben is dead. ----- Hux reaches the hospital in five minutes flat, not even breathing hard at all. All he could hear was his heart in his ears, and all he could feel was the numbness of the adrenaline coursing through his veins. Hux zips by the passing personnel and almost flings himself into the elevator, his hands shaking wildly and his vision slightly blurred. He pushes the 'five' button in earnest, pacing around the thankfully empty elevator in anxiety. Hux nearly collapses on the information desk on floor five, panting and talking to fast for his brain to comprehend. “Are you alright, sir?” The nurse, her name-tag said 'Unamo,' asks. “Room twenty-one hundred and eight, Benjamin Organa-Solo-” Hux blabbers, wanting to kick something due to nerves, “Dammit! Where is it!?” Unamo recoils and she inhales nervously, “Are you family?” “Friend.” Hux beings to sob, “Please, I need to see him.” “I'm sorry, but I can't allow anyone but family inside-” “Hey!” Hux's head snaps to the sound of Han's voice, and Hux cries a whimper of relief when he sees the aged man. “Where's Ben?!” Hux asks Han desperately. Han shushes Hux and places a reassuring hand on his shoulder. Han looks at Unamo dead in the eye, “He's allowed in the room.” Han says, “And if my wife, Leia, comes by, you can send her to room twenty-one hundred and eight, too.” Unamo nods, her eyes wide, “Of course. The room is down the hall and to the left.” “Thanks.” Han says, and he nudges the shaking youth in his arms, “C'mon. I'll show you to him.” “Is he alive?” Hux whispers, still shivering. “'Course he is.” Han says. He adds, “He's a Solo.” Han slowly walks Hux to the room all the while comforting him too. “We were lucky we survived.” Han says, “I should have been the one driving.” Han inhales, “Anyway, he's in there.” Hux hesitates, feeling very light-headed, but he pushes on anyway, shuffling his feet to catch a glimpse of Ben behind the paper curtain. Hux gasps. And nearly faints. Ben is dressed in a cheap paper hospital gown, the heart monitor beeping steadily in a calming rhythm, his face looking unusually serene considering his wounds. There is a nasty gouge on his forehead that is still bleeding droplets though the wound is patched with top-quality gauze. There is a ghastly gash running down his face from his right eyebrow to his left shoulder. The wound is lightly patched, stitched, and thoroughly lathered with healing ointment. Hux takes time to look away to process it. Ben's body is bruised, and Hux is certain his utterly stupid boyfriend cracked several of his ribs. Hux can't stop sobbing. The worst part, surely much, much worse for Ben, is his broken right leg hanging in the sling hooked to the ceiling. Hux sighs. There was no chance of him getting back on the ice for a while, now. On top of the crash, the aftermath is just as upsetting. Hopeful, but upsetting. “He won't be awake for another hour or so. They gave him medication.” Han says, seating himself on the chair behind Hux. “But...you're free to stay.” Hux nods slowly, reaching over to grab Ben's hand with his own frozen fingers. Hux rests there, gripping the hand as if it is the only thing keeping him alive. And could have been, for all Hux knows. ----- It feels like a miracle when Ben's eyes finally flicker open three hours later. Hux leaps to his feet when Ben does, his eyes widened with worry. “Ben!” He exclaims. Ben stares at Hux for a while, blinking—possibly to clear his vision—and then he smiles. Despite everything in the world, Ben smiles. Hux feels tears in his eyes, and he titters, holding Ben's hand again. It's so hard for Hux to see Ben with tears impairing his vision. “How was the concert?” Ben rasps, still grinning at Hux. Hux exhales in joyful disbelief, “You almost died in a car accident and the first thing you ask me when you wake up is how the concert went?” Ben laughs weakly, “I feel very...euphoric.” Hux laughs, too. “Where's my dad?” Ben asks, “Is he alright?” “He's fine. Got off with only a minor injury, I believe.” Hux says, and he nuzzles Ben's hand, “How are you?” Ben frowns, “I totaled your car.” Hux looks at him with complete disbelief now, “What do I care?” Hux scoffs, “It's just a car. The least of my concerns.” Hux softens his voice, “How do you feel?” “...Like crap.” Ben coughs again, “Like trying to figure skate on hockey ice.” Ben pauses, “But happy. Does that makes sense? A little?” “It's the drugs,” Hux says, benevolently stroking Ben's hair. “I don't look too bad, do I?” Ben asks. “Not at all. You look fantastic, considering.” Hux lovingly says in a soft voice. Ben goes silence, and he peers down to get a peek at his body. And then his eyes trail to the limb in the sling. Hux hold his breath when Ben frowns. “Oh.” Ben says, “My leg is...broken?” Ben tries to move, and he winces. Tears in the corner of his eyes, he whimpers, “And of all things...my landing leg?” “Shh,” Hux shushes, leaning in slowly to press his lips onto Ben's damp cheek, “At least you're alive. At least you're healing.” Ben sighs, “I guess. But, in all honesty, how would you feel if I didn't let you play your violin for six months?” “Very upset,” Hux says, and he pats Ben's head, “You should rest.” “Wait,” Ben pules, “How was the concert?” Hux chortles, “Okay, alright. Since you're so persistent.” Hux teases, and Ben rolls his eyes, “I assume the first half was good.” “You only got to play for the first half?” Ben asks, obviously upset, “That's disappointing.” “Actually,” Hux clears his throat, “I had to leave the Galliard because the person I love with all my heart got into an accident. I was tragic.” Ben tries to playfully shoves Hux away, to which Hux only laughs at. Hux leans back in and nuzzles his nose into Ben's neck. Though Ben smells a little like antibacterial hand lotion, Hux embraces the familiarity of having Ben close. “You idiot.” Hux mumbles, “You stupid idiot.” Hux sighs, letting his lips rest on Ben's throat. “I'll always be your idiot, though, right?” Ben asks, resting his gouged cheek in Hux's hair, regardless of the pain. Hux chuckles softly, rising to press a small but passionate kiss to Ben's split lips. “Yes, of course.” Hux says, humming, “My precious, beautiful, adorable idiot. My idiot forever.” Notes: Longest chapter yet! So in the same day, Ben can land is triple axel and manage to get in a car accident. What luck! I hope you all enjoyed this story. I intend on writing an epilogue to indulge you, but this is the end of the story. :)