Blood On My Hands “General.” General Hux lowered his datapad and looked up at the masked creature standing in front of him. “Yes, Ren?” Kylo Ren kept quiet for a few seconds before he spoke in a tone that was unfamiliar to Hux. “We have a situation in a docking bay. Captain Phasma is not sure how to deal with it.” It was almost as if what he had to say was bothering him on a personal level. “Lead the way,” Hux ordered, tucking his datapad under his arm and holding his arms behind his back. “This better be worth my time.” Ren said nothing and turned around, leading Hux to the area that seemed to be so problematic. A ship Hux did not recognise was being inspected by a few of his troops, whereas something strange was lined not far from the ship. “What is the meaning of this?” Hux spoke to Phasma. She gestured towards an alien standing beside the line-up. “This Rodian is a bounty hunter, Sir. He claims to have captured some of the Republic’s children. He wants a reward for coming to us first before selling the children back to their parents.” The Rodian spoke and Hux gathered that the alien was telling him to be grateful for his efforts. Hux said nothing. He only stared at the alien, wondering how thick he had to be to come alone and not carry a single weapon. He looked at Kylo Ren and asked, “Is it a trick?” “No, General.” “Alright, Rodian, what is your price?” Hux asked and listened to what the alien had to say. “5 000 credits for each child?” Hux repeated what he heard and looked towards the twelve children. Snoke would rather have Hux’s head on a stick than hear that they paid over 30 000 credits for Republic children. “That is not going to happen. I’d rather pay per a child that so willing comes forth to join the First Order, with a discount that we do not kill you.” The Rodian began to argue. With a few foul names being shot out, he kept quiet when he saw Phasma readying her weapon in his direction. “So we have a deal then.” Hux moved towards the children and eyed each one of them. Most were scared, some were even crying. “Quiet!” Hux frowned and glanced over to Lieutenant Mitaka. “I want reports on whose children they are. I want to know what we’re dealing with here.” “Yes, Sir,” Mitaka said and switched on his datapad. He went up to each child and gently asked each one of them for names, parents’ names, and what they knew or thought their parents’ careers were. After listening into Mitaka’s questioning on the second child Hux looked back at Kylo Ren. Ren seemed particularly focused on a little boy with black hair. The boy was staring back at Ren, shaking in fear. Something about the boy reminded Hux of himself. How he was born into a war he did not ask to be a part of. How he had to follow in his father’s footsteps when all he wanted to do was be a normal kid minding his own business. When he was younger he was only made fun of for being scrawny and was teased because no one believed he could take his father’s place. He remembered how the kids he knew would tell scary stories about the Republic- how they captured and tortured anyone who found them, how they appeared to be monsters with unrecognisable faces and surrounded by men similar to them. Hux knew the little boy was growing up with something similar- the expectations of living in your parents’ shadows and now facing the monsters told around campfires. He did not want to come across as being a nightmare to the little boy- or any child in the room for that matter. Hux hurried towards Phasma and lowered his voice, almost begging for advice, “What do we do with the children that do not want to join us?” “Considering that they are now our problem I would not even advise paying for one of these children. Not even a group of our men are worth that amount of credits. Snoke would rather you use that on building more weapons. We cannot erase their memories because their families will be looking for them. We don’t want an unnecessary fleet coming to attack us,” Phasma said. “What do you suggest we do with the children?” Hux repeated himself, hoping she was not saying what he was thinking. “Kill them,” Phasma simply said. “We dump their bodies in the Rodian’s ship and make as if he murdered them and then himself.” Hux hesitated before looking back at the young boy who was now staring back at him. “Sir,” Mitaka approached Hux, handing him the datapad, “here is the list. No one special. Just a bunch of weak kids who don’t even have a clue what they’re involved with.” The words stung Hux and he covered it up with a simple need to check over the list. The Lieutenant was right. No one special. No one who could even file a complaint big enough or a reason to send ships out to attack the First Order. The majority of the children had a parent or a cousin or an aunt who worked as nothing but medical staff or pilots. No one that General Organa would even bat an eyelid about. Hux handed the datapad back to Mitaka and placed his own back in between his hands. He turned to the children. “Those who are willing to join the First Order… you may step forward now and no harm will be done to you.” Ren hurried over to Hux. “What are you doing?” he hissed. “These are children. Have Phasma erase their memory and they can fall in line with training. She’s wrong. No one will come looking for them.” “Why do you care what happens to the children?” Hux had to ask. “This is not a sentimental issue, is it?” Ren stepped away and without another word he stormed out of the room. Hux proceeded to check who of the children had surrendered. None of them. He realised he needed to leave the Republic a message. He needed to show them he meant business and, unlike Ren, he was not going to let his past get the better of him. He refused to. “Go and make a note of Ren’s behaviour on this situation for Leader Snoke to see,” Hux spoke to Mitaka and then spoke to Phasma, “shoot the children and then the Rodian. Deliver the children to one of the Republic sites that we know Organa will be in contact with. We want them to know that we will stop at nothing to bring them down.” “Yes, Sir.” Phasma readied her rifle and the Rodian began to complain. Hux began to walk away, unable to stop himself from flinching on the fourth and eighth bullet. He was unsure with which direction Phasma had begun shooting, but he knew the boy he and Ren had been staring at was now dead. By the time the thirteenth blast shot out, meaning to be for the Rodian as Hux had instructed, Hux found himself on the floor- his body aching and he was unable to stop himself from breathing in the stench of fire, smoke, and burning bodies. “ You killed me .” Hux gasped and sat up, frantically beginning to pull at the cords attached to his body. He let out a loud scream as his back shot up with many sharp pains and he fell back against what he was lying on. He carried on pulling the wires off of himself, the paranoia of why they were on him rising deep from within the darkness of his mind. Machines around him began to scream and he had no time to pay attention to them. He needed to get out- away and save himself before he was going to end up dead… dead like everyone else who died by his hands. He could see it- the blood on his hands. It was thick and dripping onto the blanket over the lower half of his body. “ You killed me .” Hux looked up to the corner of the room the boy was in. He chose not to focus on his surroundings, or question the flickering light, but rather he chose to stare at the little boy from the line-up, staring at him. “You’re supposed to be dead…” Hux whispered in disbelief. He winced and screamed again when he felt something sting his arm and could feel something entering through him. He hadn’t realised that someone was standing beside him. He couldn’t be bothered in acknowledging them. He was too busy staring at the boy. “ You killed me .” “You’re supposed to be dead!” Hux screamed as loud as he could. Hux slowly opened his eyes. They felt heavy and he was desperate to close them and carry on sleeping. He listened to his surroundings: voices that came from a room or two close to where Hux was in, a beeping sound, and the sound of his own breathing. He noticed the cords he had ripped off of himself were back on his bare arms, followed by the realisation that he had a large bandage wrapped around his chest. “You’re in a medical room.” Hux jumped at the sound of Ren’s masked voice. The cloaked being sat on a chair not far from the bed. “Why?” “The Rodian had his pulse linked to his ship, which was set to detonate a bomb should anything happen to him. We lost a few men, but the area is almost done with repairing.” Hux leaned his head back against his pillow, staring up at the ceiling. “What has Snoke said about this?” “He doesn’t know.” “Snoke doesn’t know?” “No.” Kylo stood up. “General, I think it’s best he is not told about this.” “We’re meant to tell him everything ,” Hux reminded Ren. “Including the part where you are starting to feel guilty about murdering so many people?” Ren questioned. “Get out of my head, Ren!” “It’s just like your first kill,” Ren continued. “Your father pressured you into doing it because he wanted to make a point in front of the people he worked with. He wanted to show them what you could do and you obeyed him and it ate you up for months.” “Quiet!” Hux yelled and then placed a hand over his bandages. His ribs were hurting. “If you dare dig into my head again-” “It’s okay to feel disgusted in yourself for what you’ve done, General,” Ren said. “I feel their suffering too. I think about them every day.” Hux frowned, not wanting to hear anything comforting out of what Ren was saying. He placed his hands down on either side of him, sitting up before he was pushed back down by the knight. “Rest.” “I’m fine!” Hux snapped. “I have important work to do!” Ren towered over Hux, now coming across as daunting and fearsome. “You have been on heavy doses of sedatives to keep you asleep while the pain sides. Yes, you would be fine if you hadn’t put an order in your medical report to avoid extreme healing- should anything happen to you. You’re supposed to be in a bacta tank, but no , you can’t handle the slime .” Ren placed his index finger against Hux’s chest and Hux held his breath, not sure if Ren was planning on hurting him or not. “You can’t afford to have your men questioning your sanity when you should rather be facing the slime and getting it done with.” Hux didn’t know what to say. He couldn’t think of anything let alone how frightening Ren was. Briefly he realised something and he couldn’t believe it. He was getting a lecture- from Kylo Ren of all people. Hux watched as Ren stood up properly, still staring down at him. “You’re not your father, General. You never will be and you need to accept that.” Hux wanted to argue, to tell Ren he’d rather die than be compared to nothing, but Ren used the Force and put him to sleep. By the time Hux woke up he came to realise that the ship was on its night setting. All lights were dimmed and it was so quiet. He needed to get up and get back to work. If Ren was going to keep what happened a secret from Snoke, then he needed to catch up with so much work. Hux leaned to his side and switched off the machine monitoring him. He removed the wires off of him and forced himself out of his medical bed. He opened the cupboards to search for his clothes, but not even his greatcoat or shoes were lying around. He was just going to have to get around in his black pants and bandages. Hux hurried out of the room and pushed past any medical droids and proceeded into the hallway. He needed to get to his personal quarters, change and begin an early day’s work. He needed to check how many death really did happen, he needed to check if any other incidents occurred in his absence, he needed- “ You killed me .” Hux stopped in his tracks, staring ahead into the darkness of the path. A small figure ran past. Hux found himself backing away and he started to feel sick the second he bumped into someone. He turned around to see the little boy. He had tears streaming down his cheeks, a blaster shot burnt into his chest and he was reaching out towards Hux. Hux pushed the kid away and began running. So did the boy. “Leave me alone!” Hux turned around a corner and saw the first man he ever killed. The man said nothing with his death-mark visible. Hux moved in the opposite direction, once again stopping to see a crowd of Republic supporters. In the direction Hux had left the boy in, was an even bigger crowd of people. It filled the area and spread out further than Hux could tell. He looked in the direction of his first kill to see his father standing there, looking non-other than disappointed. Hux decided to face the crowd behind him rather than face his father. He pushed his way past the hundreds of people as they turned to smoke in front of him. When he made it into a new hallway he tripped on something small and fell to the ground. He cried out, knowing he had just damaged his ribs again. “ It wasn’t your decision to say whether I deserved to live or not ,” a woman said. “Stop,” Hux whispered, bringing his hands over his face. “ I had a family. Without me they would be sold to slavers. Probably have been ,” a male said. “E-enough,” Hux curled up on the floor, hearing footsteps. He knew they were coming for him. He was defenceless and they were going to kill him. “ I was just a boy .” “Kill me then,” Hux began to sob. “Get it done with. I can’t take another minute of this.” “ You’re a weak child. You’ll never be anything great. You think with your position you’ve already become better than me, but look at you: crying on the floor, begging for death. You’re a disgrace to the Hux name and the First Order. ” “No!” Hux let out a scream and began to panic the second someone grabbed a hold of his arm. His training from his childhood was urging him to fight back. “Hux! It’s me, Kylo.” Hux stopped trying to fight the person beside him away and looked up at Ren, seeing him without his mask for the first time in years- which even back then was a short glimpse. Hux glanced around him and could no longer see anything after him. Ren helped Hux up onto his feet and took his hand, beginning to lead him somewhere. Hux was not paying attention. For now, he trusted Ren, but he was still unable to stop himself from checking that no one was following them. Ren hurried into a room Hux did not recognise and forced Hux to sit down on a couch. Ren then disappeared into another room and Hux heard glasses being moved about followed by the sound of something being poured into a glass. When Ren came back he handed Hux a glass of water. Hux took it and cupped it with both hands. He stared at his pale reflection coming off of the glass and then repeated it from the top view of the water. He looked ill and it was obvious that he had been crying. “How do you get rid of it all?” Hux asked softly, not looking to the man sitting beside him. “The guilt, I mean.” “I wear a mask for a number of reasons, General.” Hux took a sip of the water he was given and then placed the glass down on the floor beside the couch. He buried his head in his hands and let out a shaky sigh. “They’re going to be the death of me. They’re going to kill me.” “They’re not real.” “I’m not talking about the stupid illusions. I’m talking about the Republic. I’m a wanted man with so many targets on my back and there’s nothing I can do to take back all the stuff I’ve done to deserve it. I’m never going to live a normal life. I’ll be hunted until the day I die.” “ Armitage… just… stop.” Hux looked up at Ren. A big part of him wanted to be mad at him for digging through his mind again for searching for his name, whereas another part of him wanted to know why Ren wasn’t placing a lightsaber through Hux’s chest- doing him a favour. “Why are you treating me like this?” “Because I’ve had bad days too, only no one’s ever been there for me. I figured you could use someone- especially now.” Hux let out a shaky sigh and ran his hand through his hair, finding some difficulty in saying what was on his mind. “W-would you mind if I stay here for the night?” “ If you promise to make use of the bacta tank tomorrow,” Ren said with a small smile. Hux raised an eyebrow, unsure why Ren was acting strange. “Fine.” His eyes caught a hold of something orange and small sleeping on a bed in the next room. “…Why is Millie here?” “She didn’t like being alone. I took her in while you recovered.” “Thank you.” Chapter 2 : Stay Out Of My Head Summary: Ren sees something he shouldn't have, leaving Hux vulnerable. Notes: Just want to say a big thank you to everyone who gave the previous chapter feedback! I really appreciate it and I hope you guys will continue to enjoy it :D I probably won't do this with every chapter, but while editing, I noticed how well "To Hide To Seek" by Comaduster works with the chapter. So, give that a listen and I hope you enjoy it! (✿◠‿◠) Hux woke up to something soft patting the tip of his nose. Millicent. She meowed. “Good morning to you too, soldier,” Hux said momentarily before he remembered where he was: Ren’s bedroom. Hux slowly pushed himself up into a sitting position, the pain reminding him where he needed to go as soon as he was out of the door. He scratched the back of Millicent’s head, somewhat comforting himself into thinking that he and the ginger cat were the only ones in Ren’s quarters. The knight had suggested that Hux sleep in the bed as the couch was not a place for an injured person. Hux climbed out of the bed and did his very best to make it up. He was still drowsy from the medication he had been given over the period of time he was asleep, and he felt faint. He did his best to shrug it off. “Have you got food?” Hux asked his cat who meowed in reply, chasing after Hux’s fingers as he removed the bed’s creases. “Well, that’s not very good, is it?” “Meow.” “Yes. Just dreadful.” Hux made his way to one of two doors in Ren’s room. He had hoped that it was an exit, but instead, he came across something he did not ever expect to see in his lifetime: a lonely room with a chair in front of a table and on top of it sat Darth Vader’s melted helmet. Hux wondered if Vader’s ashes still existed inside the mask. Before he could be seen and accused of anything, Hux made his way to the other door. Outside of it were a pile of clothes for him to change into. Once he did so, he was thankful they were not as tight as his uniform, but somewhat free like his training outfit. Hux managed to navigate himself into a small kitchen, opening compartments in search for something to drink out of. Before he found one, he came across areas securing Ren’s prototype helmet, destroyed and collected lightsabers, blasters, strange medals, assorted – but limited – eating utensils. Hux pursed his lips, realising his kitchen was no different, only, instead of lightsabers and old masks he kept his medals and Millicent’s toys and food locked up. He even had a few of his father’s things for days when he actually missed him. Something loud fell and shattered against the kitchen’s floor. Hux grabbed one of the blasters he had seen, spun around and fired a shot in the direction of the sound. The blast hit the wall and just missed his cat, who had knocked over a glass jar – there was no intruder. He wanted to rush over to his cat, apologise for almost killing her, but instead he hunched forward, gasping as pain spread around his torso. The cat vocalised something that genuinely sounded like she was posing a question. “You can’t do that, Millie!” Hux said through his teeth. “This is not our home! How would you like it if Ren did that to your bowl?” The cat started purring and Hux gave up trying to talk some sense into the animal. He placed the gun away and hobbled over to the broken pieces on the floor. He got down on his knees and began to collect the broken pieces of glass into his left hand, using his feet to play with Millicent in order to distract her if she came near the mess. Hux pressed back against a counter, exhausted from the bit of work. After a few minutes, he finally stood up and moved to a garbage shoot, disposing of what he had picked up. When he turned around he noticed a large glass shard he had not seen on the counter. The strangest part was that it was in the shape of one of his father’s badges. Hux picked it up and examined it, trying to figure out why it looked the way it did. “ I know your name now! ” a child sang. Hux looked over his shoulder, his heart racing, but no one was there. He glanced back at the fragment to find that it no longer resembled his badge, but in its reflection was his face and a smiling child who was leaning over his shoulder. “Kriff!” he yelled and threw the glass piece at a wall just as the masked Kylo Ren entered the room. Hux quickly straightened up and attempted to push his hair back into place, failing to do so when he saw the hand he used to hold the glass was torn and covered in his own blood. He was shaking. “Bacta tank,” Ren said, sounding impatient. “Now.” “Good to see you’re finally better, General.” “Captain Phasma,” Hux greeted the chrome trooper. He was curious to know what injuries she had sustained during the explosion, yet, he did not wish to bother her in case she were in the middle of something important. “I will replace it, General.” “Pardon?” “My cape,” she spoke and Hux looked at the burnt material hanging around her. “Its replacement is being made.” Hux finally understood why she brought it up. She was assuming that it was bothering him because of how neat and presentable he expected his soldiers to look. “Honestly, Phasma, you could have died and you’re worried about a cape ?” Phasma kept quiet for a few seconds, thinking. “With all due respect, sir, I could die at any moment. I am an expendable and I am supposed to set an example to your people. I take full responsibility for anything out of order from the troops.” Hux realised he could not reason with her- she was almost as stubborn as his cat. “Very well.” He hurried onto the bridge and began catching up on what he had missed. Nothing exciting to bat an eyelid over other than the fact that the First Order had successfully killed some Resistance members in a raid, had gained some valuable information on General Organa's small ships, and that five stormtroopers were killed when the Rodian had arrived. After hours of writing new reports on a terminal, he was eventually pulled out of his intense thought - unexpectedly and (in Hux's personal opinion) rudely. A tray of food had been placed down on the table in front of him. "Eat," Ren instructed. "I'll eat later when everyone else does." Hux pushed the tray to the side and carried on typing. "Everyone has gone to sleep . You've been here all day," Ren explained. "Eat and then rest." Hux paused and took a look around the room. Everyone was gone- the night staff were patrolling the area. Hux carried on working. "I've spent days resting. I'll do that tomorrow night." All of Hux's limbs froze up and he found himself forced up onto his feet. Ren was using the Force to control his body. "I swear, Ren, if you do not let me go, I will report this to Snoke." "And I'll just tell him I do not think you're fit for duty anymore." Hux felt sick. It wasn't the nausea that still lingered from being forced to face the bacta tank, but rather he was disgusted that Ren was trying to control him. "Fine." All tension in his body was released and he saved the work he was busy with. He logged out and grabbed the tray of food- a variety of food he actually enjoyed. He scowled and walked away from Ren, knowing the man had dug into his head again. "Millicent is back in your quarters. I fed her and have given her clean water," Ren said as he followed Hux. "Thank you," Hux said and picked up his pace, hoping to lose the knight on the way to his room, but Ren only walked faster, staying at Hux's side. "Fresh food has been placed in your quarters and so have new blankets. I noticed yours were wearing thin, so I took the opportunity to save you time and had them replaced." Hux stopped walking and faced Ren. " Why are you being nice ? I would not do the same thing for you, so why-" "Snoke asked me to." " What ?" "I told him you had fallen ill and you were not giving yourself time to rest. He told me to watch you-" "You're lying." "And how would you know?" "Captain Phasma or a trooper are instructed to protect me should anything happen." Ren huffed. "How about I know what you're going through and I know you're not strong enough to pull through on your own." "Are you mocking my abilities?" "I'm mocking the kid who thought he could be just like his father." "Stop bringing him up." Hux gritted his teeth, watching a stormtrooper walk past. "The kid or the better Hux?" "How dare-" " Armitage !" Hux's eyes widened and he looked past Ren, settling his gaze upon his father's ghost. He held a blaster, aiming it at him. " What have you done, boy ?" Hux glanced at Ren, silently begging the man to take down Brendol Hux, but when he looked back his father was gone. "You know, General," Ren started slowly, turning Hux away from the empty hallway and they proceeded to his quarters, "I heard ghosts particularly like to play at early hours of the morning." "How much have you seen of my past?" Hux asked, holding a plastic tube with a small ball dangling from it. He moved the item around in circles, distracting the cat who eagerly played along. He was lying on his stomach, the arm used to entertain Millicent draped over the end. "Not as much as you think. I only searched for the necessities," Ren answered from the lounge, polishing his helmet. "I know your name and you know what's in my closet. Fair trade." "A trade I didn't ask to be a part of," Hux mumbled and dropped the toy for the cat to carry on playing with. He moved into his bathroom and opened the basin’s tap, using the water to clean his face. He dried it and then placed the palms of his hands against the counter, staring at his reflection in the large mirror. A part of him expected something to jump out and grab him, whereas another part of him knew he was safe because Ren was sure to pull him out of the illusions he would be seeing. Hux ran his fingers through his orange hair, messing it up like he always did before bed. He found it extremely hard to find any sort of comfort in sleeping with impeccable hair- expecting that it would be fine in the morning and ready to see the world. He would hate to spend so much effort on it before bed and then have to redo it. He tried many times when he was younger, but he was not the type of person who kept still in their sleep. His hair always stood all over the show when he woke up. Hux left the bathroom and walked into the lounge, stopping not far behind Ren, whose back was facing him. "Did you see him?" Hux asked. "I saw what you saw of your father through your mind. You were replaying an old memory," Ren stated. "And no, I did not pry into what that memory was from." "Even if you wanted to know why my father was pointing a weapon at me?" "Yes." "Why?" "Because in the past five years we've known each other, we've only ever fought and I've only heard you giving orders. I think for once it would be enjoyable to hear something new," Ren said, finally turning around to look at Hux. It didn't last long. His eyes went unnaturally wide and his mouth fell open before he carried on cleaning his helmet. Hux frowned, looked behind him and then checked if there was a visible stain on his sleepwear. "You should get some res-" "Alright!" Hux interrupted. He removed extra blankets for his unwanted guest to use, placed them on the couch behind Ren and left to join his cat in the next room. Hux remained still for hours, his eyes fixed up on the ceiling. He felt unable to move- unable to think. The room was cold- cold enough to see a white cloud appear whenever he breathed out. Fear had been building up inside of him since he woke up. It was eating him whole. It started as a small ache in his stomach, but now it had grown- sitting high up in his throat. He had never felt anything like it before and it hurt. He found it extremely hard to swallow let alone breathe properly. He could not feel Millicent anywhere on his bed. She normally sat on his legs during the night or curled herself against his side. Seeing as he could not move and check whether or not she was actually on the bed, he was left to presume she was not there at all. He felt something touch the sides of his abdomen, not a hundred-percent sure what to make of it, but it was not the cat. “ Hux ?” Something that had been growing in the corner of the room began to travel upwards with black smoke spreading across the ceiling. It resembled an unnatural figure. It began to whisper- a thousand whispers could be heard coming from voices of all kinds of species. Although the voices were trying to say something, Hux could not pinpoint a specific sentence. The one thing he did hear over and over was the word killed . Whatever was on Hux’s sides travelled up over his stomach- hands that came from the inside of his mattress. The hands dug their nails into his skin, replicating the feeling hitched in his throat. The pain became worse and he could no longer breathe in or out. With a lot of difficulty, Hux managed to open his mouth wide enough to do his best to scream, but nothing came out. Instead, the hands dragged their nails upwards and he felt the end of a blaster press against his temple. “General!” Hux opened his eyes and gasped for air, practically choking on it. A refreshing wave of cold air washed over him, cooling him down. He sat up and gripped his blankets in shock of what he was seeing. All items in the room were floating, including the bed. He did not know what was causing this, let alone where his cat was in the mix. “Hux.” Hux looked to the man standing by his bedroom door, staring at him with confusion. “Are you doing this?” Hux tried to say no, but as the word was about to come out, all of the floating objects fell to the floor. A lot of them broke from the unexpected impact. He suddenly began to panic, worried that Millicent was under the bed when it dropped. “Millie-” “She’s on the couch,” Ren answered, his eyes fixed on Hux’s shirt. A thin trail of blood was staining through his white shirt and covered the tips of his fingers. The hands in his dreams were his own. He had been hurting himself. Hux pushed the blankets off of his legs and made a run for the bathroom. He was going to fix the wound himself. No matter what Ren was going to say to him, he was not going anywhere near the bacta tank. He’d rather bleed out at this point than face it. Hux forced open a medpac on his wall and pulled what he needed to stitch his wounds. He took his shirt off and then heard a laugh. “What’s so funny, Ren ?” Hux frowned. “They’re scratches.” Ren leaned against the wall next to Hux. He was smiling- something bigger than what Hux had seen the night before. “They stopped bleeding a minute ago.” Hux hung his head in shame. He felt something sitting in his throat- but it was nothing as painful as what he felt in his dream. He tried to mentally push the lump away, but it only made his vision blur with tears. “ Get out .” Instead of listening to an order, Ren packed away the medical supplies Hux had taken out and pulled out a few bacta patches. Hux pretended not to see that. He turned around and hurried to the door, but it closed in his face. “Ren!” Ren pushed him against the wall and froze Hux up to the point where he could not move. Ren put the patches on the wounds, keeping his gaze focused on covering the red trails. He was gentle enough for Hux to not feel any pain. Hux felt his nausea come back the second Ren released him, considering forcing himself to vomit in order to make a point to Ren about his love for anything relating to the slime touching his body. Ren let out what sounded like a quiet chuckle, catching Hux’s attention. “You still think this is funny?” “Yes.” Ren washed his hands and opened the door. “You’re overreacting about the bacta. It’s not that bad… well, to me it isn’t.” Hux only glared at Ren, unable to tell why Ren had reached a laughing level around him. It was shocking and out of place. “Are you doing drugs?” “What?” Ren’s smile disappeared. “Is it crude? Polordion smootdust? Is there namana fruit served in the cafeteria that I don’t know about? Millaflower?” Hux folded his arms. “Do you have a millaflower or two sitting in your quarters that I don’t know about? It would explain why I haven’t had to file reports on broken equipment coming from you in the past week and a half.” Ren’s eyebrows drew together, becoming the expression Hux was familiar with. “Would you like to tell Snoke that you’re Force-sensitive or should I?” “I will kill you if you bring that up again or even mention it to anyone,” Hux warned. “You haven’t even had training,” Ren said with a smirk. “You couldn’t even strangle me with your own two hands if you tried. Have you had training? ” he teased. Hux knew Ren wanted to find out more- wanted to make him angry, and what better way to get something out of him than teasing him with something Ren got and he didn’t. “I chose to ignore any of this nonsense.” “Huh.” Ren pretended to be surprised. “Did you chose to ignore it or was it you precious father?” Hux swung his fist against the side of Ren’s face, warning the man to stop while he was ahead. “ Get out! ” Ren place his hand against his face and looked Hux in the eyes. He was searching for something again. “You might want to go back to training. My mother hits harder.” He grabbed Hux’s hand before another punch could be attempted. “And dry your damn eyes.” Chapter 3 : Breaking Promises Summary: Hux gives in to his curiosity and dismisses work for the day, well aware of the risk ahead. Notes: I just want to say I'm VERY sorry for the sudden disappearance- it was not intentional and I was not leaving this fic out to die in the cold (I promise I'm not that kind of person. I'm very dedicated to every project I start). My internet was used up by my brother, the laptop then wouldn't connect when the new month started, I was trying to keep up with drawing the Fox!Hux trend on tumblr where I have been dedicating my mobile data to, AND I started working recently. This chapter gave me a chance to properly play out what all Hux would do if he was Force-sensitive, it gave me more ideas that I can't wait to share. Anything not properly explained will be clarified in the next chapter by Hux. This chapter pretty much made me happy to write and I promise this is going to be the last time it starts off casual, then *insert drama here*, and end with a lecture from Kylo. From the next chapter onward it is going to change, possibly becoming drama all the way- who knows? Anyway, I just felt like I owed an explanation to everyone and I am so sorry for the wait. Because I have long shifts at work the updates might be a bit slow- but I'm trying to balance this out with an original story of mine. A Prisoner of the Dark will continue and will finish when the right time comes. I will not rush it, and I will stay dedicated to it. xx (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Hux clutched the front of his greatcoat closed. He was doing his best to avoid the cold that surrounded him. The last thing he needed right now was to get sick. He was alone and preferred it that way. He had something in mind and wanted to test it out. He did not need Ren following him, making snarking comments on how he was about to displease his father. Hux found himself deep in the woods and he stopped when he started to see that the snow was covering his feet. He pressed his back against a large tree and looked up at its high and elongated branches. A small creature, no bigger than his cat, looked down at him and then took off. It screeched loudly. A white cloud escaped his mouth. He watched it grow and become transparent. Hux turned his focus onto the ground in front of him and he listened to his surroundings. He listened for any sign of life, and he was soon relieved to know there was none. Hesitating, Hux withdrew his hand from the warmth of his coat and held it out in front of him, directing it towards a fallen branch. He held his breath, clenched his jaw and stretched his arm out, desperate to get something so small and light to move. Nothing was happening. His eyebrows drew together and he was becoming desperate to breathe. He tried stretching his fingers out to the point where the bone was pressing up against the inside of his skin. His hand began to shake- his focus falling down on the shaking limb. Just as the branch rustled Hux had given up just to allow himself to calm down. He didn't have time for this. He wanted to move on and brag in Ren's face... or rather imagine doing so in comfort of his quarters. Hux started counting in his head, pulling his thoughts off of what he was intending to do. He just needed to prove to himself that the Force wasn't wasted on him. He wanted to bring back what he had done the night before- He wanted to lift something, anything with what his father had denied him permission to use. He did not have any intention on asking Ren for help, he did not want to ask Supreme Leader Snoke to train him. Ren would be impatient on helping him, and Snoke would say it's pointless. He wanted to teach himself. He wanted to be known as someone who had taught himself a great deal of power. He could use it to his own advantage and train Force users from a young age. His army would be much stronger. He wanted them to be much more powerful than the Knights of Ren. Once reaching a big enough number in his head, Hux reached out to the branch again, this time breathing steady and slowly instead of holding it in. He stayed still for several minutes, waiting for the Force to do assist him. Instead of lifting, the branch began to shake for what felt like a long time- trying Hux's patience as this went on for a while longer. Nothing lasted long, and out of anger he turner his hand into a fist, crushing the branch. His eyes widened and he found himself staring at his hand. It had been a long time since he had crushed anything. It had been a long time since he had broken anything with that ability- one he swore he would never use again. Hux processed what had happened- concluding that only out of anger did something start to work. He forced the emotion to come back. He forced himself to think of what had been happening the past few days, how he was seen as a weakling to Ren, and how his father was the reason he was no better than Ren. If he had been given training and still earned his position, then he would have been seen as something much more useful in Snoke's eyes. He would be much stronger than Ren, a man who only did what Hux supposed was to spite his parents. Surprised, Hux fell out of his fantasy to find large chunks of the snow lifting around him, followed by twigs and small rocks. He couldn't believe it. It was working. He was actually able to lift something with the Force. He allowed what was in the air to rotate around him while he kept his concentration on it and lowered his anger into a much calmer tactic. He wanted to be able to use the Force when angry and when he was at peace. He needed both options to be there in case of emergencies. He almost smiled to himself before he heard footsteps approaching. He tried to break the concentration with the natural objects, when instead they remained still in the air. "General," a stormtrooper saluted. Hux's heart began to pound in his chest, wishing he was able to do what Ren could do: intrude someone's thoughts just to see what they were thinking. "What?" "Lord Ren wishes to see you," the trooper said, getting ready to turn away and head back. "How did you find me?" Hux asked. "I was told to follow the tracks in the snow." Hux hid his arm back under his greatcoat and stared at the stormtrooper. "What did you see me do?" The stormtrooper fell silent. "I'm not sure what I saw you doing, sir." Hux frowned, knowing the other man was lying. "Really?" Hux knew that if the trooper was going to leave then he was going to be the first to spread rumours about what Hux was doing. He needed to kill him- he had to risk it. "Tell me, do you have many friends?" "Not really, sir." "Then you won't be missed," Hux concluded, hoping that it would be enough to scare off any guilt he would have later on. "Thank you for all the work you've put into the First Order." Hux withdrew his hand again and permanently broke the promise his teenage self made by repeating what he had done to the branch onto the stormtrooper. He turned away from the body and continued practicing levitating whatever he felt he needed to focus on. "Where have you been?" Kylo Ren asked. He had come out of nowhere, startling Hux as he turned a corner. "I called for you hours ago!" "You called?" Hux pretended to be oblivious. "Well, I didn't know. Couldn't have been an emergency or else you would have sent people to find me." "I sent three ." "Three?" Hux forced a scoff. "Seems like they didn't take you very seriously." "Seems like they take after their general." Hux stopped walking and turned to face Ren. "What is so damn important?" "You were supposed to have shown up to a meeting this morning and you didn't. You were scheduled to help Phasma with training a group of men. You didn't show up at the cafeteria for lunch... not to mention you didn't show up when I sent the last trooper out because Snoke wanted to see us. None of those men came back. Why?" "Those were the men you sent? Oh. I asked them to stay with me. I was patrolling the area after I thought I had seen something," Hux lied and it was an easy thing to do at the moment. "They came back with me and they're back with their men. Why didn't you come looking for me yourself? Scared you were going to get cold?" "Yes." Ren didn't seem ashamed to admit that. Hux rolled his eyes, having the need to do something to utterly annoy the knight. "What did Supreme Leader want?" "I'd tell you, but since you didn't bother showing up, I'm not going to tell you," Ren said, sounding nothing but childish. Hux almost laughed at how ridiculous he was being. "Very well." Hux turned away and continued walking. A second later he heard Ren trying to catch up. "He wanted to know how things were going. I told him everything was fine and that you were busy helping Phasma." "Lying again," Hux simply stated. "What happened to your inner five-year-old telling you not to tell me?" "Five... five-year-old ? How dare you compare me to a child!" Ren yelled, pointing a finger in Hux's direction. "You act like a damn child!" Hux frowned. "Destroying my ship and base over small things, talking down to me , lying to our boss-" "I'm lying to protect you!" "Stop! I don't want your protection and I don't want you to get me into trouble! Face your responsibilities and get it done with." "Hux-" "Quiet or I will report you." "You already tried to get Mitaka to do that, remember?" Ren stepped closer to Hux, trying to intimidate him. Despite today's accomplishments, Hux still felt small next to Ren. "What were you doing outside? Don't make me ask twice." "Looks like that's what you're going to have to do," Hux said and walked away. Hux kept his hands cupped over his mouth, breathing heavily into them. He lay on the floor of his lounge, staring at the wall. His chest rose and collapsed at a rapid rate. Sweat and tears ran down his face. The sound of bones crunched in the room and cold air surrounded him- he felt as if he was covered in snow. "I'm sorry," Hux sobbed. His hand moved into his hair and he gripped it, flinching at the sudden sound of smaller bones snapping. He refused to look back- he refused to see what was being thrown across the room. He refused to watch an invisible figure take the life out of three stormtroopers. He refused to watch a repeat of what he did in the morning. A helmet fell in front of him and he used his feet to push himself away from the wall. It was sprayed with blood, cracked in the centre, and wet from snow. He felt something wet falling on his skin and clothes, covering him - yet there was nothing there. He was being forced to imagine what it was like to be covered and buried alive in the snow. It felt heavy and got to the point where he was finding it hard to breathe. He rolled onto his back, desperately struggling for air. The gasping sounds flooded the room, almost taking over like the red-stained walls. Ren? He wanted to scream out. Normally by now the younger man would be there in a heartbeat, but he was nowhere to be seen, and it brought so much fear in him. He believed he was going to die without Ren to save him this time. Hux turned onto his stomach and began crawling towards the door, tying his best to vocalise Ren's name. The biggest achievement was succeeding with a whisper. As if all air had been sucked out of the room, Hux collapsed against the floor. Hiding underneath the couch, Millicent sat with wide eyes. She was trying so hard to understand what was going on. He reached out to her, wanting to shelter someone as important as her from seeing what was happening to him. He stretched his arm out, yet he was still so far away from touching her. “Mill..." Hux buried his face against his arm. The room had turned a numbing temperature. The joints in his body ached and he felt his body shutting down. His heartbeat pounded against his ribs and it was loud- echoing in his ears. It was hurting his head. Through his watered vision, his arm was replaced, his room's lights briefly flashed, and a black figure towered over him. What looked like a hand hovered in front of his sight, blocking him from finding out what was happening. A few minutes passed and Hux closed his eyes. He was finding himself starting to relax. The pounding began to subside and the pain disappeared- it felt like someone was draining it from his body. He heard his name and felt himself take in a deep breath. He was breathing again. "General?" Captain Phasma asked. Hux opened his eyes to find an unmasked Ren, and Phasma sitting beside him. "He's fine," Ren said softly, sounding relieved. "Captain, go and find a doctor to give Hux a prescription for strong sedatives. Lie and say it's because Hux is woken up countless times during the night when a patrol moves by." "And what about the hallucinations, sir?" Phasma stood up. "There's nothing for it. Trust me, I've tried just about everything." Ren pursed his lips and Phasma nodded, leaving the room. Hux waited for the doors to close behind her. "She knows?" "I kept her up to date in case someone were to falsely accuse you of something," Ren said gently. He brushed a strand of Hux's hair out of his face, momentarily startling Hux into thinking he was going to get hit. "What did you see this time? What did you feel?" Hux turned his head to the side, glancing at his cat still hidden under the couch. Under her paws she held a small stuffed animal that Hux had given her on her second birthday. He wanted to focus on her rather than remember his near-death experience or what he did to the stormtroopers when he was outside. Millicent slowly closed her eyes after she stared at him for nearly a whole minute. He wished someone would stare at him with some kind of affection like she did. As far as he knew, she was the only one who cared about him, and for that he would do anything to protect her. "What happened?" Hux asked, referring to when he was losing consciousness. He looked back at Ren and saw something different in him. It was almost like the night Ren had found him after wandering out of his medical room, only he looked much more relaxed. "I sensed trouble." "How?" "Through the Force," Ren whispered, picking at some cat hair that got on his clothes. "Luckily Phasma was passing by and we rushed here. You were strangling yourself." Hux focused on the ceiling, feeling stupid. "How bad are the bruises?" "There are no bruises. You were using the Force." "It's just going to get worse, isn't it? Just do me a favour and kill me. I don't want to live through another Illusion." "How about a better deal?" Ren asked, sitting up on his legs. "In return for saving your life, you have to actually let me help you get through this, you need to stop lying to me, and you stop fighting with me. We treat each other as equals from here on." Hux stared at Ren, again trying to find the angry adult he knew well. He let out a small sigh and gave in. "Deal." Notes: Tumblr: @caylynnealice / @cayleyalice Chapter 4 : I Don’t Like Sharing Secrets Summary: The General tells Ren a bit about himself and his training begins. Notes: This chapter's different- and I'm really happy with it besides the fact that it probably comes across as if someone with very little sleep wrote it. Kinda true, but I'll make up for it in the next chapter. I had a lot of shifts last week and I promised this chapter would be up yesterday already. I don't think the next chapter will be up same time next week (Depends how much free time I get), but I won't be doing a disappearing act. Any way, enjoy! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Hux woke up feeling rested for the first time in years. It must have been because of the medication Phasma had brought back, or because he passed out knowing that Ren was present in the room. Hux rolled onto his side to find the knight exactly where he left him. He was still sleeping with his hand gripping the pillow. Unsure why, but Hux had the need to smile. He very quickly supressed it by pinching his lips together. Hux reached out for the datapad on his bedside table and checked the time. He was supposed to be up and out for work two hours ago. Hux let out a quiet sigh and proceeded to sit up, but he was stopped. At first he feared that a monster had emerged from the bed, holding onto Hux's arm to whisper something he did not wish to remember, but it wasn't anything like that. "Please stay a little longer," Ren said sleepily. Hux stared at Ren, unable to understand why Ren would want such a thing to happen. Hux lay back down and Ren let go of him, burying his head in the pillow as he yawned. Hux was almost convinced that Ren was going to pass out again. "Did you get sleep last night?" Hux asked. "Mhmm." "Then what's wrong?" "I helped myself to some of the medication that Phasma brought back." " Some ?" "Mhmm." Hux folded his arms across his chest and stared at Ren, contemplating leaving him behind to sleep so he could go to work. Ren muffled something into his pillow. "Pardon?" "Your cat thought my face was a scratching post," Ren said after making an effort to lift his head. Hux scoffed. "To be fair, it does look like her post in the lounge." Ren rolled his eyes and replied with another "Mhmm." He pulled the cushion against his chest, practically hugging it. "Why the secret?" "What secret?" Hux asked, trying to play dumb. He did not want to answer this kind of question so early in the morning. "The one that involves you actually knowing you were Force-sensitive." "Oh." Hux scratched the tip of his nose and stared at the ceiling for a solid minute. "I wonder if Millicent has food left over from last night." "Armitage-" "Stop calling me that!" Hux snapped. He watched Ren hide the bottom half of his face against the pillow like he had just made a big mistake. Hux felt sorry for what he did. "I did not mean to yell at you." Ren looked up at him, seeming to relax. "Why do you hate your name so much?" Hux shrugged, searching for an excuse to get out of the conversation when he hit a blank. "It's just... I wasn't named after my father. I just prefer my last name... it's the last thing I have left to remind me that I could be just like him. That I could be respected like him." Hux expected to find Ren close enough to repeating the rare laugh he heard not long ago, but instead he looked sympathetic. "Sorry. That was not very professional of me to say." Ren rolled his eyes again and tilted his head to the side. "Please tell me why your father never sent you for training." "Are you kidding? You had it easy. When you had Skywalker teaching you we had angry Sith killing younglings for simply stuttering. My father told me to hide it- to get rid of any evidence that could take away the chance of receiving his job one day." Hux twined his fingers together, feeling like a nervous wreck. "How did your father hide it?" Ren asked. "He didn't have it. I got it from my mother's side. I got it from my uncle," Hux replied. "Mother wasn't trained with it, but her brother was. By the time I was a teenager, my father had tracked down the relative to help me contain it. He stayed with me for a year. For a Sith, he was much kinder than my father ever was." "So, what triggered it coming back?" "Guilt. I hadn't felt it since I publicly used the Force to annoy my father because he said that I would never be like him. He said it in front of his officers and I crushed each and every one of their necks, threatening to do the same to my father. He panicked and ordered the guards to arrest my uncle, accusing him of treason..." Hux bit his bottom lip, a hard lump sitting in his throat. "I... my father made me execute my uncle." "Then why idolise your father?" "Because everyone expects me to. 'Armitage' was something my uncle called me when we were alone… it was personal and I liked it that way. He never looked down on me and he genuinely cared about me. My father started calling me 'Hux' at a young age- everyone did. I had to get used to it. It was a typical tradition and there was nothing loving about it. My father threatened to hand me over to the Republic if I didn't pick someone to look up to and start acting like them. Someone who stood for what we believed in... It stayed with me." "And the days you miss any kind of affection you pretend your father was just like your uncle," Ren said softly. Hux nodded and let out a shaky breath. "I killed them... the troopers you sent out to fetch me. I was trying to see what all I could do. My uncle had shown me some tricks, but I had never tried them myself. I tried a few yesterday." Ren rolled onto his stomach, moving closer to Hux. "We can't tell Snoke any of this. He'll come after your mother and relatives if we do. He'll try and assemble an army and won't be kind on them. If you are eager to learn, then I will teach you. If you want to hide it, then I can try and help you with that." Hux shook his head and turned onto his side, properly facing Ren. "I don't want to hide anything anymore. Please teach me." "Sir?" Phasma questioned Ren, sounding surprised. "Shoot Mitaka when I say so," Ren repeated. Mitaka stood close to a tree, confused and shaking- a combination of the cold and being scared. He looked like he was ready to cry. Hux looked away from the Lieutenant and turned to Ren. "What has he done wrong? Whatever it is I can vouch that it was a simple mistake- one commonly used and should not be taken seriously-" "If you want him to live, then stop her from shooting him," Ren explained. Mitaka cleared his throat, grabbing everyone's attention. "M-may I know what I've done wrong, L-Lord Ren?" "Stop calling him Lord Ren!" Hux yelled, frightening Mitaka even more. "The only thing he is a lord of is of stupidity!" Ren let out a long sigh, his mask making an odd noise. "Phasma..." "…Yes, Sir," Phasma said softly, raising her weapon. "Ren!" Hux raised his voice. "Stop this right now! You're scaring my-" "Fire," Ren ordered and Phasma pulled her blaster's trigger. Hux threw his hand out towards Mitaka, using the Force to push him back against a tree. "Again," Ren said to the Captain and she did as she was told. Hux frowned and followed the direction of the blast, freezing it not far from Mitaka's chest. He began to struggle, sure that he was not going to be able to hold it in place for long. "Move!" Mitaka got up and scurried away from the blast just as Hux lost control of it and it hit into the tree, shooting up sparks. "Do you think that's enough stress for the General today, Captain?" Ren turned to her. "Ren!" Hux said, practically shaking with anger. "How dare you use one of my most important men for something like this!" "I think it's enough stress for the Lieutenant, Sir," Phasma answered. Hux moved to Mitaka who was back on the ground again. He was covered in bits of snow. Hux held out his hand and Mitaka took it, allowing the General to pull him up onto his feet. "Take the rest of the day off. Don't take this personally." "Th-thank you, General." Mitaka gave a small nod and began to hurry off. " Mitaka ," Ren sang, stopping the man. "Do you plan on telling anyone about this?" Mitaka turned around and looked at Ren, Phasma and then Hux- who silently begged him not to say anything to everyone else. Mitaka looked back at Ren and shook his head. "N-no, S-Sir." "Then you may leave." Ren said and Mitaka hurried off. "You just scared one of the best men I have! What if you've done something to him? What if he can't work like he used to? I can't afford to lose him!" Ren pulled his helmet off and dumped it on Hux's table. He then lay down on the couch, bringing his wet boots up on it too. "If he's never had a gun pointed at him before, then what a shame. It's not my fault if something as small as this makes him useless. It just says a lot about him, General." Hux scowled and gripped the back of the couch. "Are you not listening? He is important to me. I don't care what he is capable of. He has proven to be a valuable member of the Order and I know where his loyalties lie. Surely you can see that." "The only thing I can see is how much this is driving you insane," Ren said, moving his wavy hair out of his face. "You make as if he means the world to you. Does he? Is there something romantic going on between the two of you?" "N-no!" Hux felt his cheeks warm up at the very idea of just being with someone. "Don't be ridiculous." Ren only smirked and raised an eyebrow. "There's nothing ridiculous about it." Hux stood on his toes and then hurried off to his room to greet his cat. As he was about to enter his room, he was frozen by Ren. His blood began to boil. "I want you to take my lightsaber from me." Hux turned around the second he was freed. Ren was still on the couch, looking back at him with his lightsaber held out. Hux strode over and reached out to grab the weapon, but Ren moved his hand out of Hux's reach and grinned. The expression was odd to see. Hux simply back handed the side of Ren's face and grabbed the saber. It was a lot heavier than he ever expected it to be. "Happy?" Ren jumped up onto his feet and grabbed the weapon out of Hux's hands, igniting it. "Let's see you try and take it now." Hux took a step back and shook his head. "That is not how things work." Ren took a few steps backwards and purposely dragged his lightsaber against the wall, looking for a fight. "You will fix that!" Hux hurried to stop Ren when a table's leg was sliced off. "And that!" Ren held his hand out and Hux was thrown against the wall. Ren was in front of him within a second, aiming to cut Hux's neck. Hux grabbed Ren's wrist just in time and Ren used his other hand to grab at Hux's neck- yet, he wasn't trying to choke him. He was just keeping his hand there, almost as if he was protecting him should the saber come close to Hux’s skin. Ren grinned and Hux scowled, finding it difficult to push Ren away. Strength-wise, he wasn't as good as Ren. Hux used the Force to send Ren flying, but it only pushed him a few feet away. Ren came back at him, acting stronger now. This time Hux found his own hand on Ren's hilt. He moved his index finger around, searching for a button to switch it off. Ren's hand was most likely covering it. Hux’s hand was starting to hurt, his arm was becoming numb, and he did not have it in him to surrender- to beg Ren to stop the insignificant fight. He’d rather keep trying and have his arm ache for days than give up so easily. Ren moved the saber closer and Hux could feel the heat of the weapon on his skin. He could smell Ren’s glove burning. Hux pressed his head back against the wall, stopping himself in time before he could cry out for Ren to move away from him. The heat on his neck was becoming too much to handle. The lightsaber let out a hiss as it was suddenly switched off. The hand Ren had on Hux’s neck slid up to Hux’s cheek and Ren stepped closer. Hux’s eyes widened, a small part of him knowing where this was heading. Ren clipped his lightsaber onto his belt and place his other hand under Hux’s chin. “I want to try something.” “Please don’t,” Hux whispered. Ren simply blinked, confused. His dark eyebrows drew together and the corners of his lips slightly turned upwards. “You don’t even know what I want to do.” He ran his thumb across Hux’s bottom lip. Hux’s breath hitched in his throat along with the sudden realisation of how his father would not approve of any of this. Hux pushed Ren’s hands off of him and he stepped aside. “L-leave.” Instead of looking unhappy or angry like Hux wanted him to be, Ren's smile grew, he took his helmet and walked out of the room. He was happy about something and Hux knew his mind had been read before he could get rid of Ren. Hux placed his thumb on his bottom lip, repeating Ren’s action. This was the last thing he needed. Notes: Let me know in the comments if you enjoyed it! XD You can find me on tumblr: @caylynnealice- I'm open for art and writing commissions! Chapter 5 : Blue Summary: Ren invades a private memory that belongs to the General and they have a serious talk. Also, Millicent is savage af. Notes: Sorry for the little delay again- work got really hectic. Hope this chapter makes up for everything XD Hux’s heart was racing and his palms were sweating. He was staring at the time displayed in the corner of his datapad, watching as yet another minute passed. He refused to look away from it. If he did he felt that by the time he checked it again, time would have miraculously skip ahead more than he’d like it to. It had been a few minutes since his alarm had gone off, yet he was struggling to get out of bed. He was struggling to find the right words to say when he would see Ren again. Even the idea of planning everything, including guessing what Ren would say, the thought of forgetting what he needed to get off of his chest was horrifying. Kylo Ren . The kid he met years ago who was so lost. The kid he was jealous of because of how much Supreme Leader Snoke favoured him. Millicent yawned and stretched her paw out to touch Hux’s arm, pulling him out of his thoughts. “Millie,” Hux said, patiently waiting for her to look at him. “Do you think today’s going to be okay?” Millicent stared at him and then sat up straight to stretch some more and to yawn. When she noticed he was still watching her, she began to sniff the air- it was as if she was searching for an answer to his question. ‘ I’m so lucky to have her ,’ he thought. ‘ I don’t understand why these animals are so hated, so underappreciated and doubted, so – ’ The cat pulled a face and opened her mouth to sneeze, wetting Hux’s face. Hux smacked the palms of his hands over his face and let out a horrified screech as he wiped the cat’s spit off his face. “Millicent!” he yelled and she jumped off the bed, running out into the next room. “I trusted you and you betrayed me!” Hux picked up the corner of his blanket and wiped his face with it. “I’m taking that as a bad sign for today.” After nervously peaking around a corner to inspect the bridge for Ren, Hux straightened out his uniform and relaxed. There was no sign of the taller man. He hurried away from his hiding place and made his way to Mitaka. He spun the man around, startling him enough to drop the pages in his hands. “Where’s Ren?” Hux asked in a hurry. “Did he come this way?” “Trust me, Sir, if Ren was anywhere near here I would be on the other side of this planet.” Mitaka quickly bent to pick up his pages and then he frowned. “Why? Does he want something from me? General, please... I don’t want to ever be near him again.” “I will never let him repeat what he did to you, Lieutenant. It was childish of him.” Hux glanced to his side, noticing a few officers staring at him. He turned to Mitaka, expecting an answer, but he only received a shrug in response. Hux fired his blaster a second and a half after knowing his target had shown up. The next he sensed coming out of its projector to his side and he actually counted before he gave himself permission to shoot. “I know you feel when your target approaches,” Hux remembered his uncle saying, “but if you want to blend in with the others, you need to give everything a bit of a delay.” It was all to seem normal. All to seem like he was nothing out of the ordinary, and as bland and bleak as those he was competing with. But he was so much stronger than them. He was much more capable of things they weren’t. He was always the little Force-sensitive kid in an ocean of bland and slow-moving creatures. He wanted to let go, shoot the targets before they could fully project. He wanted to see his fellow officers react negatively to him letting go. Besides shooting, he had some difficulty with hand-to-hand combat. His uncle had told him to never be perfect. Hux allowed a punch here and there, but he was starting to rebel at the very idea of ever letting anyone lay another hand on him ever again. As he turned to shoot his next target, his weapon was pulled out of his hand and it flew across the room that was suddenly empty. Two people were present- one of which was Hux himself. Ren was seated behind a control panel that was controlling the projections around Hux. He pressed a button, switching off the devices. “The Lieutenant says that you were looking for me.” Hux stared at the black masked figure. He wondered how long Ren had been sitting there, watching him. “I was , yes, but the need to talk has past.” He no longer wanted to bring up what had almost happened that night. In fact he wanted to avoid it completely if possible. “Our conversations have expiration dates? Interesting.” Ren stood up and unclipped his lightsaber. He ignited it. “Did you ever have one of these?” “Yes,” Hux answered, “but not for very long.” “Do you still have its crystal?” “My father destroyed it.” “What a shame,” Ren said, starting to slowly walk in a circle around Hux. Hux felt a slight irritation in his head before Ren let out a brief chuckle. “Cute.” “Cute?” Hux questioned. He felt warmth in his cheeks and hoped Ren was not referring to what Hux had accidentally thought of a few times when he found himself resisting his sleeping meds. “The crystal your father broke… you found it when your father was sent to inspect a battle he had won. You walked for so long- looking at bodies, inspecting them, wondering if someone would walk past and stare at you the day you die in battle. You imagined dying bravely, but then you heard it… a slight noise that would not go away. So, you followed it. You found a Jedi’s saber.” “No, Ren, I found a dead bantha and poked it with a stick like any child would,” Hux said sarcastically. “Why are you repeating what you just saw?” “Because you’re trying to forget about it. You’ve nearly accomplished pushing it aside and I don’t want you to,” Ren said. “It was one of the happiest days of your life. Why would you want to forget such a thing?” Hux looked away, moving his arms behind his back. He refused to answer. “Is it because a minute after igniting it you had burned the back of your left hand? Let me see it- I always assumed it was a battle scar.” “No. It’s not and that’s why I’m ashamed of it,” Hux explained. “Most of the scar my uncle managed to heal with what Bacta he found on a soldier. I’m ashamed of it because it’s not a battle scar and because it was done out of stupidity.” “But you did get it on the battlefield, so technically it can be seen as a battle scar-” “That is not funny nor does it make me feel better.” Ren stopped pacing and stared at Hux with his menacing mask. Hux found himself looking away again, feeling weak again. He hated that one of his childhood memories were brought up and he wished he could get inside of Ren’s head and torture him with stuff he did not want to remember. Ren let out a soft sigh and said gently, “You were just a child, Hux. Do you not remember how happy you were when you found out the lightsaber’s colour was blue? You found it so beautiful… so perfect that you forgot that it could hurt you.” “I can’t deal with any of this now, Ren-” “I can help you make a new one. The same colour if you’d like.” “No,” Hux turned away from the knight and began to hurry towards the exit of the room. Before he left, he heard Ren ask, “What do I have to do to make you that happy again?” “You disgust me,” Hux said, meaning it. Millicent looked up from her bowl, food dribbling off of her chin and knotted into the hair around her mouth. She looked at the food on Hux’s plate and meowed. He picked the plate up and scraped more of the weird edible mix the cafeteria had served into her bowl. She purred and he scratched the back of her ears as she ate. “You are aware that you make me happy, right?” Hux said. Ren’s words bothered him. He had made as if Hux was not happy at all... Was he right? The cat ignored what he said and carried on eating, barely acknowledging him. Hux sighed and rested his head on his arms as he watched the feline. “What does he need to do to make me happy?” Hux whispered. Could Ren make him happy? Would he? Hux let out an irritated noise and closed his eyes, immediately thinking back to when he had found the lightsaber- to when he had switched the weapon on and he had seen the new colour. He had actually felt like there was something different in the universe… like there was something different other than the bland world his father was offering. Something more than power… Perhaps hope, but there was no hope in the world Hux grew up in. There was only power. Hux wanted to be wrong about that. He wanted to be wrong about the misery and dread that surrounded him. With the change in conversation he had been achieved with Ren, he almost wanted to believe in hope again. Even if it was as dangerous as wanting to grace the back of his hand against a weapon, he needed it to be there. He was struggling to comprehend submitting to a world that lacked colour and to follow in his father’s footsteps. He did not want to be reliving that dull man’s life. Hux wanted to be living in a world of comfort. He wanted to be able to step aside from the cattle, warning them as he pointed a blue weapon in their faces, saying that if they came any closer to him, they would not escape. He still needed them to know that he was far better than his father and that he was going to continue his uncle’s legacy. It was all up to Ren now and that made him nervous. What if he did something wrong and became Ren’s biggest enemy? He did not want to be a youngling slaughtered by their master. “He’s not my master.” Hux sank in his seat and cupped his hands over his eyes. The fact that he had even thought of being below Ren was absurd. Did he really want to follow orders from Ren of all people? Yes . Hux thought back to what almost happened between him and Ren, regretting letting what his father would have disapproved of get in the way. Hux wanted to know what it would have felt like if he just let Ren do what he wanted. If he had done so he could have easily thought about it now, deciding whether or not he wanted it to happen again. He ran his thumb over his bottom lip and then opened his eyes. Millicent was no longer on the table and her bowl was empty. He was alone with his thoughts, trying to understand what he was experiencing. Hux cleared his throat and rose from his seat. He straightened out his uniform and moved to fix his hair in front of the bathroom mirror. He placed his gloves over his hands and exited his quarters, heading into the familiar hallway. He kept his posture straight and walked off in a certain direction, his nerves becoming worse. He stopped in front of a specific door and let out the breath he had been holding. Before he could knock or think about running off, the door opened. “How did you-” “I could smell you coming.” Hux stared at Ren, who went from looking like he was going to smile at his own stupid joke to looking like he regretted not dying years ago. “This conversation has reached its expiration date,” Hux said and happily started his walk away from Ren, only to be grabbed by the back of his belt and forced into Ren’s quarters. He watched the door close, giving them privacy. Ren leaned back against a wall and folded his arms. “You’re here because you want to know if it’s possible to have a blue lightsaber.” “Yes.” “We can look in caves if you’d like,” Ren said. “But blue is not a Sith’s colour.” “You work for the First Order, but you’re not a Force-sensitive Sith, Jedi, nor Grey Jedi. No one knows what abilities you have besides me, the captain, and the lieutenant . You can have any damn colour you’d like and equip it like it’s a crown. I am not a Sith, but I work for them and so do you. I have a red saber, but that’s because it called out to me. The colour determines you, General. Hell, we might go into the caves and you might even feel a pull towards a silver saber. Would you like to give it a try?” “Yes.” Ren smiled. “Then tomorrow we should start your training with melee weapons. We’ll start small and end with double bladed swords. I think it will be interesting to see what you will be capable of doing once you just let go.” “Where will we find parts for a lightsaber?” Hux asked. Ren shrugged. “It will not be an easy thing to search for. There are different parts that are needed and they can’t always be found in the same area. I suggest we look at markets and junkyards. We’ll need to visit different planets and tell Snoke that we are checking for useful items to use against our enemies- that we’re looking for new ideas.” “How much will these parts cost?” Hux took a step closer towards Ren. “They’re always expensive because people know how valuable they are,” Ren said with a shrug. “We could always try persuading people, pay what they want or start a fight- which is something we should avoid. Once we have collected everything and know what kind of blade would suit you, it’s best we seek out the crystal last. We’ll need to check the planets known to have the rare caves, stay undetected and –” “Ren?” Hux interrupted. He was not in the mood to hear about crystals and expensive parts right now. “What?” “Be quiet.” Ren looked surprised and then nodded. “Sorry. I just thought you might like to know what will be happening. But it’s not my call to make. It’s yours.” Hux raised an eyebrow. Had Ren somewhat said that Hux was to be in charge of all of this? “Mine? Since when?” Ren looked away, his hands fidgeting together. “You’re the general and you need to tell me what to do, don’t you?” Hux smirked and took another step towards Ren. “Last I checked it didn’t quite go like that, but if you insist… then close your eyes. I want to try something.” Ren only stared at him, his dark brown eyes suddenly wide. “Wh-what?” Hux sighed and placed his hands on either side of Ren’s face, pulling the slightly taller man towards him. He closed his eyes and placed his lip’s against Ren’s, re-enacting what he had imagined Ren doing to him with a gentle kiss. It was an odd thing. He had never done this before, but he liked it. The feeling building up inside of him was the worst feeling he could have ever felt, but he loved it. It was filled with mixed emotions of both negativity and positivity. Its chaos balanced out perfectly. Hux felt Ren place his hand against his waist and he froze. He immediately questioned himself with a ‘ What the hell am I doing? ’ and took a step back from the knight, refusing to look at him again. “I’m sorry,” Hux whispered, his bottom lip trembling in fear over what he had done. He wasn’t even sure when he suddenly had the guts to do something like that. “That was very unprofessional of me and I promise that it will never happen again. I’ll make it up to you and make sure that, um…” Hux let out a nervous breath and finally decided to look at Ren just to see how badly he had messed up and face the horrified look. Ren’s eyebrows were raised and his mouth was slightly ajar. Hux quickly tried to think of something to say to protect his job and what was left of his dignity, but he kept hitting a blank. No matter how hard he tried, he couldn’t think of anything to say let alone find the strength to run as far as he could from Ren. He would do anything to forget what he had just done- to make Ren forget what had just happened. Ren stepped closer to Hux and smiled. Hux felt a slight pain in the back of his head, knowing Ren was searching for something again. Was he going to bring up another story to prove he was a failure? “Hux,” Ren whispered. “You’re overreacting. Just let go .” Ren placed his fingers under Hux’s chin and kissed him. Hux felt like he was melting. It was all so much to take in, yet he wanted more of the delicate kiss from Ren. He placed his hands against Ren’s chest, preventing himself from allowing his knees to give in and cause him to fall forward, embarrassing himself. Hux slid his hand up Ren’s chest and stopped by his neck, stroking what was not covered by clothing with his gloved thumb. He tried pulling Ren closer, trying to hint to him that he wanted more than the soft kiss he was receiving. He was practically craving something deeper, awaiting permission to tug at Ren’s clothes. Ren pulled away and placed a small peck on Hux’s forehead. “You need to get an early night’s rest. Tomorrow’s going to be a long day.” “I want to stay here with you,” Hux said, biting his own lip. “Please?” Ren smiled again and shook his head. “Not tonight, General. Maybe tomorrow.” Chapter 6 : The Commandant Summary: Hux's past. Notes: I'd like to thank my family, my idiot cat, the start of Christmas rush at work, and my lack of sleep for keeping me from writing - without you guys I might actually update on time. This filler unnecessary is dedicated to you guys! The ramp to the shuttle lowered and a strong breeze hit Hux with the strong stench of decaying bodies that were sprawled out in the most gruesome ways across the battlefield. He smacked his hand against his mouth and made a gagging sound. He very quickly swallowed the bit of bile that had settled in his mouth. Commandant Hux grabbed his son’s hand and forced it to his side. He gave a disapproving look and said, “It’s the smell of victory. You should be happy and proud.” Hux’s eyes scanned the open area covered in the corpses of Rebels and Stormtroopers. He couldn’t understand what his father was on about. “That’s not victory. They’re all dead-” The Commandant swatted the back of his hand against Hux’s arm and the teenager winced. He dared not try and comfort his throbbing arm. He’d either earn another or a lecture. He kept his gaze down on his feet. The Commandant grabbed the back of Hux’s head and forced him to look up at him. “Did I not tell you to cut your hair yesterday? Don’t make me do it again.” Hux’s vision began to blur with tears – taking away the details of his father’s face and combining it with the long red hair that hung in front of his eyes. “I believe we have a purpose for being here, Commandant,” Hux’s uncle, Carst, said. From the way he spoke and it mixed with his mask’s voice changer, he sounded extremely angry. It made Hux smile because he knew it was a warning to the Commandant to leave Hux alone. The Commandant very quickly got the message, let go of Hux and moved off of the ship. A group of Stormtroopers followed him and they began to search for something of importance that was lost among the fight. Carst placed a hand on Hux’s back and gently nudged him forward. “We might as well pretend we’re trying.” Hux nodded a response and made his way through the field, moving his hand out to barely touch what was left of the tall grass. It hadn’t been seconds and he already felt the harsh sun beating down on him, forcing him to remove his coat and fold it over his left arm. It was no wonder the area smelled bad- the sun was cooking the dead. Hux looked down at a body of one of Organa’s men. He was missing a large section of his face. Cauterized by an enemy’s blaster, but already home to millions of tiny insects. The sight of it made Hux bend forward and throw up. His uncle straightened him up once he was done and patted his back. Hux wiped his mouth and then looked at the other dead soldiers as he carried on walking. He wondered if he would be like them one day. He wondered if he would ever be important enough to go looking for. Would anyone care if he died? Would he even be recognised? He liked to imagine that one day, he would die bravely. “You must understand that your father is under a lot of stress. Please do not take what he says and does personally, Armitage,” his uncle said. Hux squinted up at his relative, staring at the tall hooded figure. “I don’t care how much stress he is under. That is no way to treat your own child.” “You are destined for much greater things than what your father expects.” Hux froze upon hearing a soft ringing noise to his far left- the opposite direction his father had gone in. “Do you hear that?” “No.” Hux began to run in the direction he felt a pull towards. Although he found himself tripping over the odd body here and there, he couldn’t stop running… he couldn’t stop smiling. All he could think about was that it was whatever his father was looking for- it was the one thing that was going to finally make the Commandant proud of him… it was finally going to get him the praise and affection he had been longing for for far too long. Hux slowed down, staring ahead at the source of the ringing. He stopped in front of the corpse of a man dressed similarly to his uncle, but without a mask. In the body’s hand was a weapon that looked like his uncle’s. He bent down and took the weapon away from the dead man. Hux held it out in front of him and twisted it around in his hand, searching for a button to switch the weapon on. Finding something, he pressed it and a bright blue extended outwards with a familiar sound. It was a lightsaber. Hux sat down on a burnt patch of grass and stared at the colour in awe. He held it out in front of him and admired how the purple sky- which once was his favourite colour that now held nothing in comparison to the beauty of the weapon. The sound of the weapon was nothing but music to Hux’s ears. The saber was heavy, but Hux knew he would get used to its weight – he wanted to. He wanted to carry the weapon wherever he went. He wanted to let people know how much he loved it. He wanted to talk his father into letting his uncle teach him how to use the saber. Hux’s smile grew and he reach out towards the blade, watching at the colour reflected against his skin, illuminating it. “Hux!” Hux jumped at the sound of his father’s voice, causing his hand and the lightsaber to meet. It was nothing more than a graze, but Hux had never experienced pain as bad as this before. He dropped the weapon and let out a loud screech. His uncle grabbed the lightsaber and hooked it onto his belt. He then grabbed Hux’s hand and placed his own over Hux’s wound, pressing hard down on it. Hux winced and choked on a sob. “I’m sorry,” he whispered and began to repeat it until his uncle quietly told him to calm down. The Commandant dropped to Hux’s side and grabbed the injured hand, immediately applying the last bit of bacta from a mostly-empty bottle to Hux’s wound. Hux was shaking. He wasn’t sure what to do. He sniffed and lifted his head in the direction of his father. “I’m sorry.” The Commandant raised his hand, and instead of hitting Hux’s arm again, he hit the side of Hux’s face. Carst immediately pushed his cloak back to get his lightsaber, but Hux quickly stopped him by grabbing the man’s arm. Hux closed his eyes tightly and let out a stifled sob. He wasn’t sure why, after all this time, he was still protecting his father. “AGAIN.” Hux, tired and on the verge of passing out, jumped higher than he had been able to weeks ago and threw his lightsaber in his uncle’s direction. Carst used his own saber to hit the weapon away, and before he could grab it, Hux used the Force to summon it back into his own hands. Ending his jump in front of his uncle, he brought his weapon to his uncle’s. They fought and not for a second was there a delay where their weapons didn’t meet. It had taken Hux weeks of long hours for him to get this far. Carst did not give him a rest until they were done for the day, and although Hux was getting a free pass out of his other classes, he was getting tired of being thrown against walls or being told his footwork was lousy. The only difference today was that his Carst hadn’t made any comments besides carrying on with the lightsaber training that was lasting far too long for Hux’s liking. The more he was told to try again, the more Hux hit harder and faster, but made stupid mistakes that resulted in bruises, scars, or near death experiences. Hux felt a smirk creep up on his face as his movements became faster and his uncle started to slow down. He was too fatigued to keep up. This gave Hux hope that he was finally going to win a match and call it an early day. Just as Hux thought he was going to achieve today’s goals, he removed one hand from his lightsaber and held his hand out towards Hux. Instead of sending him into another wall, a bright electrical light emerged and swept Hux off of his feet. He met the floor and screamed as the lightning covered his body. Carst removed the lightsaber from Hux’s hand and attached it to his own belt, placing it beside his own saber. Hux stared at him in confusion until he realised a few troopers were entering the room. “What do you want?” he stood up. “The Commandant would like to see you,” one of them said. The two were escorted to another room, one that was filled with many officers who were all talking to one another and rushing to terminals with files in their hands. The commandant turned to face Hux as soon as the door had opened. He moved towards them and ordered the troopers to leave. “This morning I went to visit my son to check on him and his classmates only to find that he was pulled out of class,” the Commandant spoke to the older Force user. “Temporarily, Brendol,” he said calmly. “You had no right to, Carst.” The Commandant frowned. “I then found through camera footage that you did not get rid of that lightsaber like I had instructed, but rather that you’ve been training my boy to use it. Why? You were ordered to help him supress this nonsense- not bring it out!” Carst let out an annoyed sigh. “You also asked me to help him where he was lacking in combat. What I have been doing does improve his skills. He’ll be the best in his class- you’ll see… that is, when you check on him in the next year or so. Do you just naturally forget you have a child?” “I will not be spoken to like that,” the Commandant said, now angry. “You are to leave and never come back-” “No…” Hux’s eyes grew wide. “You are not allowed to contact my son ever again-” “Father, please-” The Commandant backhanded Hux, and Carst drew out his lightsaber. The sound of the red weapon coming to life caught everyone’s attention. The room became quiet and Hux took a few steps back, hoping people would stop looking at him. The side of his face stung, and he knew it was going to leave a large mark. Another bruise. “Are you threatening to kill me?” The Commandant asked. Carst remained still, his arms out to the side, his lightsaber casting a red light over the three of them. “I am taking Armitage with me. He does not belong with you. He belongs with me and his mother- people who actually want to see him on a daily basis.” The words made Hux stand up straight with hope. All Carst had to do was make a threat big enough for the Commandant to agree- it was a new idea that he never imagined possible before. He never knew how much he wanted something until now. He practically needed his uncle’s words to happen. “You’re surrounded by people who are bound to kill you,” the Commandant said. ‘ Threaten him ,’ Hux wanted to say. “You’re not going to make it out of this room.” ‘ Threaten him! ’ “If he tries anything,” the Commandant said loudly to the whole room, “shoot the boy.” ‘ Kill him!’ Carst switched his lightsaber off and put it away. “No!” Hux yelled and reached out to grab his own saber. Carst pushed Hux aside, but this only made him angry. He spun around tried to spot an officer with a visible weapon. He held out his hand towards them and instinctively turned his hand into fist instead of summoning the weapon. A loud crunch was heard and the officer fell to the floor. The officers pulled out their weapons and Hux knew he and Carst were in trouble. He had just killed a man and there were witnesses around. Hux held out both of his hands and they began to shake as he tried his best to turn them into fists. It was as if he had picked up on every life in front of him, physically holding onto their necks. The officers dropped their blasters, and were soon enough dead. Carst placed his hand on Hux’s shoulder, getting him to stop before he could attempt anything else. “Don’t ever do that again.” Before he could reply he was pulled back by two Stormtroopers and the Commandant pulled out his gun, aiming it directly at Hux. Carst grabbed the weapon before anything could happen. “It was my fault he did this. Do not blame the boy for what he did. I was controlling him and it will not happen again.” It was an obvious lie- one that seemed to make the Commandant happy. As much as Hux wanted to protest, he had fallen into shock. He couldn’t believe all that he had done. The Commandant took the blaster back and pushed it into Hux’s hands. “In the world you wanted to live in, you cannot be parading around with the nonsense that you have been given. If you’re going to choose someone to look up to, make sure it’s someone who actually has authority. Isn’t that what you want? To be respected and not going into hiding? Because that is what will happen if you follow a man like Carst, Hux. What you have others will kill you for.” Hux stared at his uncle and then at the blaster in his hand. “What do you want me to do?” “Shoot him,” the Commandant said. “Make him pay for his crimes- prove to me that he was the one who killed all those men and not you- someone who could be in my place one day. Someone loyal to our cause.” Hux looked up at Carst who only nodded, telling Hux to listen to the Commandant. He didn’t understand any of this. Why was using the Force such a big deal? Why couldn’t he have the Force and his father’s position? “SHOOT!” the Commandant yelled and scared Hux enough into listening. Hux’s jaw dropped at the sight of his uncle’s body falling to the floor, a hole burning in his chest. The Commandant took the weapon back and said, “Take the body to the incinerator.” Hux froze, now realising that he had just been manipulated into doing something that his father was going to do anyway. It made him angry again. By the time he got his thoughts together, he slowly moved his hands behind his back, watching as the troopers carried Carst’s body past him. He opened his palm to face them and tried to focus, summoning his lightsaber to him. Once it touched his hand he leapt up into the air and ignited the blue saber. He jumped over the Stormtroopers and sliced their heads off of their shoulders; the sound of the bones and flesh giving way under the saber was a slick, disgusting noise that rang in his ears. A sudden pain in his hand stopped him from doing anything else, causing him to fall forward. The pain was brutal and just as bad as a lightsaber burn. Following the pain, his gloved hand had a blaster shot on top of his old lightsaber wound. The Commandant picked the lightsaber off of the ground and held the tip out towards Hux, who only bared his neck to his father, silently begging for a quick end to all that had just happened. The Commandant switched the weapon off and handed it to another trooper present in the room. “Throw it away with the body.” Hux looked down at his injured hand, imagining his father’s neck in his hands. It was a pleasant thing to picture at the moment. Especially the actual choking sounds he heard coming from his father. The Stormtrooper smacked the end of his gun against the side of Hux’s head and Hux fell to his side, now watching a blurred vision of his father. “Take him to a tank to heal his wounds, then lock him in a prison cell. I want him to remain like that until he remembers who he should be.” Kylo, sitting at the end of Hux’s bed, gently stroked Millicent’s head. He watched a sleeping Hux. He had just pried into Hux’s most hated, repressed memories, and all Kylo could feel was tremendous, unfamiliar sympathy for him. After being locked away for a year, Hux had grown cold and tortured up to the point that he was forced to leave his abilities behind. Even when Hux had finally killed his father years ago, he could not find peace within himself. He was a mess that Kylo needed to help before his powers grew and he was completely lost within the dark. Kylo had never seen someone as strong as Hux had been at a young age. He did not want to admit it, but Hux was stronger than what he had been as a teenager. If trained, he could even be stronger- possibly dangerous. Kylo stood up and left the room as quietly as he had entered it. He returned to his quarters and then prepared himself for a mission that he had in mind. He was going to find something to make things easier for Hux. He planned on saving him from everyone. Series this work belongs to: Part 1 of the A Prisoner of the Dark series