She stands before him now, her eyes blazing reflections of the burning carnage that surrounds them. He faces her, his mask obscuring his own eyes yet still reflecting the world around them in the same way. -- He kisses her deeply, filled with all the agony and longing of their years of separation. She kisses him back fervently, tasting the spice of their meal on his tongue and the heavy tang of the liquor they had sipped. -- She shakes her head at him, letting her utter loathing of this, show. He stands still, his saber ignited in his large gloved hand. She draws her own saber but does not call it to life and says to him, with all the desperation of a lover lost; “Kylo, please…” -- “Kylo, please!” She gasps as he lays her across his bed and slips down between her quivering thighs. He tugs her white cotton underwear down with her capris, stopping when they catch on her boots. -- “It was always going to come down to this Rey,” his voice is heavy with regret, “A final, epic battle between the dark and the light. I only wish you might have made a better choice.” “I wish the same,” She whispers and switches her weapon alive. A blue glow paints her face with its light, and brings a soothing hue to the snowy earth beneath her feet. But it is utterly usurped by the tongues of fire that roar wildly around them; consuming the dark evergreen forests that had once covered this unnamed planet. -- He lays kisses over her sex, preparing her for the sensation of his open mouth upon her. She buries her small hands into his ebony hair and cries out for him to give her more. He delves his tongue into her with practiced ease, enjoying this new taste of this new woman; his new woman. She writhes beneath him and he holds her thighs in place, smiling against her as he brings her to a level of pleasure she has never before experienced. -- It is he who strikes first, leaping into the air with deadly grace and arching his weapon down upon her. She rolls easily from him, the snow sizzling and melting where she had stood just moments before. Her heart shatters into a million pieces within her breast as she watches him rip his saber from the ground and turn on her again. He truly intends to kill her. A sentiment she could never return; and yet she has so much to live for. The galaxy needs her yet. To fall here, upon this icy, forgotten rock is simply not an option. -- He laps at her clit as he tests her tight opening with a single forefinger. She gasps at the sensation of being penetrated for the first time and moans as his ministrations rile her further. He eases his finger in slowly, eventually reaching his knuckle and then he curls it, his fingertip striking a spot deep within her that leaves her a weeping puddle upon his sheets. She whimpers for him to join her on the bed. He chuckles and plants a kiss on the inside of her thigh then raises himself just enough to look onto her face with dark, smoldering eyes; “Not yet, my beautiful little Rey,” he licks some of her remaining essence from his full lips, “I want to watch you fall apart on my fingers first.” -- She takes to the defensive, only striking out to parry his own blows, desperately trying to minimize damage to him. She hopes that maybe, just maybe, her own mercy will trigger something within him; make him realize just how wrong this is; make him realize how much she loves him; how much he once loved her. No realization of the like dawns upon him as he brings her blow after blow, exerting extreme force in trying to bring this to a quick end. He pays no heed to the tears gathering in her eyes as she dodges again and again. She has no meaning to him now. There is no place for one as light as she in his world of perpetual darkness. Yet her beauty still calls for him to stay his blade, to fall to his knees before her and kiss her belly and her breasts, to tell her how he had loved her so dearly; but he does not. He uses these thoughts to further fuel his anger; how dare she betray him? How dare she return to the light after experiencing the full extent of the bond they shared? -- “Oh maker…”She moans as she rides three of her lover’s long fingers. He watches her; grinning as she writhes on him, and she thrusts herself wildly back against his pounding, curling digits. “You’re so beautiful like this.” He presses kisses along her inner thigh and up to her belly, running his tongue along her navel, “So wet and spread open for me. Panting and begging for me to finish you off, even though you just came a moment ago. So greedy, my little Rey.” He raises a finger and brushes it over her lower lip as he continues his assault on her wet sex. She lets her tongue slip from her mouth to lap at it, eagerly pulling it in as he offers it. -- He manages to trap her between a copse of burning trees, a wall of raging fire, and himself. He watches her for a moment gaging her reaction to her cornered state. She refuses to look away from him, her eyes burning through his mask and into his soul as he stalks her like a cat does a mouse. “We could have had the universe, sweet Rey; nothing would have stopped us,” he steps closer to her. She shakes her head, tears now flowing freely over her freckled cheeks, “That’s no way for someone like myself to live, Kylo. I’d rather have died.” He sighs into his voice modulator, “That seems to be what it has come to,” He raises his saber again, “Do forgive me, Rey.” He lunges for her, the red of his weapon drawing dangerously close to her stomach when she makes her move. She calls upon the force and flings herself backward, easily propelling over the wall of dancing, licking flames. She hears Kylo’s roar of frustration as she sprints into the burning forest. She knows he will give chase, and she knows that this is inevitable; and yet she prolongs the ordeal, desperate for just one more moment with him. -- “I love you!” She howls as she shatters the second time that night. Her slick walls contracting and milking his fingers for a fluid that isn’t there. He freezes at her admission, stilling inside of her as she works herself through her orgasm. He hadn’t expected her to say such a thing, not after all they had done to hurt one another. A strange, glowing warmth begins to spread from deep within his chest, radiating from their bond in the force. He slips his fingers from within her as her climax comes to an end, and he rises over her body, his eyes smoldering with something other than lust now. He runs a gentle hand along her cheek, taking in all of her beauty. “Say it again,” he whispers and presses a chaste kiss to her parted lips. “I love you.” She says, with every bit of conviction the words had held before. “Again,” he presses a kiss to her throat this time, marveling in her smooth tanned flesh. He lines up his throbbing member with her slit, eager to take her. “I love you,” She says again, and runs a gentle hand through his hair. He pushes into her. -- He finds her atop a small hill waiting for his arrival. He wonders what she had thought of while she waited, reaching for their bond to see and then remembering how he had severed it. “I can’t kill you, Kylo,” She says, looking down on him from within the trees that have yet to be touched by the blazing wildfire. He sneers beneath his mask, “You’ll have to try, little Rey; and if you fail then it will be you who dies.” “I love you,” she says, her voice quieter now but still just as intense. She means it with all of her heart, her soul, her being; she loves him more than anything. He laughs aloud now, stalking closer to her, “Love is a weakness, little one. Even the Jedi know that. Surely your Master Luke must have told you?” She raises her own saber again, and backs through the trees, into a small snowy clearing. He mirrors her every step of the way. She has picked a good place, he thinks; the meadow is a solid choice for a fair fight, no trees to hide behind, and no rocks to throw; only he and her and their sabers between them. “No matter what happens,” she says, stopping in the center of the clearing, “Know that I’ll always love you, Kylo Ren.” He shrieks and throws himself at her, swinging wildly with his bloody red blade. -- She gasps as he hilts himself within her. He closes his eyes and bites his lip as he gives her fluttering sheath a moment to adjust to his intrusion. She slips her lean muscled legs over the small of his back, locking her ankles behind him and kisses him passionately on his lips, her tongue moving eagerly with his own. He takes this as his signal and begins to cant his hips gently against hers; savoring each deliciously wet slap of their skin and each breathy moan from her mouth. He’s never been with such a beautiful creature before; he doesn’t want this feeling to ever end. She scratches her fingernails down his rippling back as his thrusts begin to come harder and more frequently; she’s never had a man before, and this is so much more than anything that she could have imagined. His member is so much thicker, and so much more filling than either of their fingers, it stretches her clasping body to such a wonderful fullness. His weight lain over her slight body leaves her with a deep seated feeling of safety she has never felt before; this man will protect her from anything; she can taste is on his tongue and feel it with each deep rough thrust. “I love you so much,” she says as he kisses bruises into the skin of her throat, and he moans deep in his chest. -- They swing and sway with the dance of warriors as they move around one another, every slash and stab is both expertly executed and expertly countered. She moves with the grace and agility of the desert sands caught on the prevailing winds, and he with all of the ferocity and rage of waves crashing against a rocky shore. They are equally matched in every way; something they have both known for so long; and yet they continue to dance, moving towards the precipice of death itself. He hacks, she parries. She stabs, he feints. They are the tide, both giving and taking, the moon both pushing and pulling, and the sun both rising and setting. -- She comes suddenly when he thrusts into just the right spot deep within her body. She calls his name like a mantra, over and over as she constricts around his aching flesh, and pulls his own orgasm from him. He’d never before been this blinded by her radiant light as it moves from deep within their bond and takes over his every sense; she is all he can smell, taste, touch, see, or hear. She is his galaxy, his universe, his light. He cries out for her, to her; tells her that he loves her as he loses himself in the throes of white hot passion, stilling inside of her fluttering body as he plants himself deep and spends himself. “I love you,” he gasps, “I love you, I love you, I love you.” She runs her hands over his face pulling him to her lips to kiss him with all of the love she feels for him. He is everything to her, and she is everything to him. A new everything takes hold deep inside her womb, the two lovers so lost in their need for one another that neither feels the force shift around them and the galaxy come alight with a hope the likes of which it has never seen before. -- She feels it then, three months later, fighting for her life against the man she loves on some Gods forsaken planet. She feels her everything expand and change as a tiny light flutters and calls out from within her. It’s me, it says, I’m here. And her entire world changes. She cannot let Kylo kill her, not now, not when something so precious flitters and speaks from within her womb. She isn’t alone anymore; she must protect her little light. She can see the darkness in his eyes, feel it radiating to her through the force as he strikes out at her over and over. Telling him now would not sway him; she can see it in his eyes. Telling him of the tiny light they had made together would only further fuel his rage. Creatures of the darkness do not like the light. Not even the tiny light that has yet to be born. She cannot allow her little light to be extinguished; her child will not die here, and neither will she. She pulls away from her deadly dance with the man that is half of her world, and whirls back towards the trees; she reaches deep into herself where a new bond glows with golden light, and asks softly of her little one; Can you help me…baby girl? Her daughter flutters within her, reveling in her mother’s joy at her gender; Rey feels her baby give something into their bond, sending her muscles humming at the light that now courses through her. Kylo doesn’t notice the change in Rey as he barrels down onto her, striking out with his saber at what seems to be the perfect moment of distraction. She does it so quickly, and with such grace, that he never sees her blue blade move. One moment it is at her side, sitting idly while she stares into space, and the next it is thrust brutally though his gut, impaling him and rising from his back with a sickening sizzle. He grimaces as he inhales the foul scent of his own flesh burning. He looks up into Rey’s eyes as she gently takes his saber from his hand, shutting it off at the same time she does her own. She throws them away, into the trees and collapses beside him. She disengages his mask with a click and sends it away like she did the lightsabers. He whimpers as she pulls his head to her chest and kisses just beneath his hairline. He feels her tears begin to drip onto his feverish skin. “I’ve failed,” is all he can say as he looks at her. He has failed at everything, he has failed his grandfather, his master, and of course he had failed his Rey, his beautiful little Rey. He sees it now, the mistake he had made in coming here to end her, he never could, not even if she had fallen to her knees before him and begged him to. “And yet you were going to,” she whispers against his skin, clutching him to her, “and I was going to let you.” He can feel where she has reforged their bond between the two of them, only now as he lays dying does he realize how he missed her presence. “What changed?” he chokes out through labored breath, the end is near. She doesn’t say a word, only lifts a large hand in her small one and presses it over her abdomen, and then she opens up her bond with her baby girl and lets the tiny thing flood her father with light. He gasps and sobs as he realizes what he had almost done, “No.” Rey nods her head and kisses his lips, both of their faces are wet from crying and the touch of their mouths is salty. “I love you Kylo,” She whispers as she pulls away, “I love you so much. I’m so sorry.” She runs her fingers through his ebony hair gently; the way he had always liked in their brief time together. She begins to sob as he struggles to speak, gurgling on the blood that rises in his throat. He knows that he is beyond words now, so he does the only thing he can; he keeps his hand pressed firmly to her belly and lays his forehead against her own. He floods their bond with everything he has never said, reaching out to both his love and his unborn daughter with all of the strength left in within him. . He paints beautiful images for them, of tiny houses in the flowered fields of Naboo, sitting beside large blue lakes; his baby girl giggling atop his shoulders and reaching for a butterfly, her dark hair whipping in the breeze rising off of the lake; Rey walking beside them, one hand in Kylo’s and another laying over her swollen belly, where a child who will never be grows in her light. Oh, how he loves them. And then he was gone. Rey clutches him tighter for a moment, sobbing into his hair and kissing him with all that she has, as though she can will him back to life with the intensity of her love for him; but that is the stuff of fairytales. She only rises to her feet when her baby calls out to her through their newly forged bond; The galaxy needs us. And so Rey lays her hand gently over the place where her daughter grows and nods, the tears do not cease. Yes, it is time to go. Snoke is still out there. And the galaxy needs their light. Notes: Alright, this is actually part one of a two part series. I'll hopefully have that up before school starts again on the 24th. Please, please, please leave comments and kudos! I try to respond to every comment! They all make me so happy! happiness = faster healing = faster writing of my other WIP's ;) Series this work belongs to: Part 1 of the Endings and Beginnings series