Prologue The Academy was split into two parts. The first part was to weed out the weak. Those that couldn’t handle the stress of being pushed past their limits. It was a brutal, rigorous training period that lasted for one year, to ensure only the most elite students made it to part two of the course, where they would begin training to become officers. To ensure that what precious resources the budding First Order had wouldn’t be wasted on those that were not worthy. The conditions were terrible, the staff ambivalent towards the unfortunate students attending, and the students were encouraged to fight amongst each other. Of course, no one made them do anything, but they all turned a blind eye when accidents happened. At the beginning of the first course, called The Culling amongst many students that survived long enough to whisper to others about it, each student was given a set of generic military dog tags. If they survived, they would keep those dog tags for the rest of their careers. If they couldn’t withstand the training, they could simply go to Commandant Hux, or any of the other professors supervising the students, and hand in their tags. They would be immediately shipped home. Brendol Hux prided himself on being a fair man, after all. He did nothing without giving everyone a fair choice, even if sometimes that choice was hard. Besides, the First Order was few in numbers already, and it wouldn’t help to kill off the youths that would be the future of the Order. If they couldn’t serve in the military, there were other options available and positions that needed to be filled by non-military personnel. Naturally, there were quite a few people who turned in their dog tags, especially towards the end of the first program. Usually by the end, they had less than half of the students that were there when the course began. That was when the duels were held. The duels, or Death Games, had one purpose- to ensure only the most morally ambivalent students would go on to eventually become officers. To ensure that only the strongest would make it to become the future of the First Order. It was a promising tactic. Those students that survived became strong, ruthless leaders that were able to make difficult decisions for the greater good of the First Order. They weren't concerned with personal ties, they didn't care if something was brutal or harsh. If it would further the expansion and control of the Order, they would sacrifice whatever was necessary. *** Hux sat in the kitchen with his mother, smiling as she looked at his latest test and praised him on his advanced mathematical ability. Already he was showing the promise of great intelligence, soaring above the others he attended school with. With his mathematics and mechanical skill, he would surely be a great engineer one day, known throughout the galaxy for his genius. "I am so proud of you, my darling," she said with a smiling, chuckling as the fourteen year old stole a small pastry, the powdered sugar coating his fingers and mouth as he beamed at her. "Do you think father will be proud?" Before she could answer, the front door opened and closed, and Brendol was shouting for his son. Giving her son a tight smile, she nodded, urging him to go and talk to his father. "I am sure he will. Why don't you go show him while I finish up this last batch? I promise to save some for you." He nodded, rubbing the sugar off his mouth with the back of his hand before kissing her cheek, then ran out to meet his father, his latest test clutched in nimble fingers. He barely caught himself, schooling his features into a neutral expression and standing with his back straight, hands behind his back. As Brendol scrutinized his form with narrowed eyes, Hux had to struggle not to fidget. Nothing else could make him feel like a pinned insect more than his father's watchful gaze that missed nothing. After a few excruciatingly long moments, Brendol nodded in satisfaction. "Good, now show me your test, boy," he said gruffly. Eagerly, Hux pulled around the test and held it up to his father, barely able to contain his excitement. No one else had even scored close to him, and his excitement was increased because he was the youngest in his class as well, having excelled beyond his peers into the next level two years early. It was hard, and he couldn't pretend it wasn't taxing him, both body and mind, but it was what he had to do. He bit his lip and wrung his hands as Brendol looked at the score, then sifted through to see what mistakes he had made on the problems he'd missed. Finally, he handed the test back to Hux, expression utterly blank except for those eyes that betrayed Brendol's disappointment and sadness. "You could have done better." Hux's jaw dropped, stunned into silence and mind going completely blank. He could have done better ? He's scored a ninety-three percent, nearly a perfect score. Everyone else in his class had scored much lower, the second highest score only being an eighty-four, and that was only because the student managed to get a boost from the teacher. Damn teacher's pet that always got more leeway. Favoritism didn't have a place in the First Order, but it still happened in some cases. "I- Sir, I scored better than everyone else in my class." That was clearly the wrong thing to say, he realized, when Brendol's eyes darkened in anger and he grabbed the front of Hux's shirt. "You need to be the best, boy. You will be the best the Order has to offer or so help me I will leave you stranded in Hutt space." Eye's widening at the threat of being left to slavery, Hux nodded quickly, and Brendol released him to smooth his shirt out. "You understand why I am so hard on you, boy, don't you?" "Yes, sir." He was the bastard son of a kitchen servant, a taint on his fathers reputation. He was his father's shame, and the only way he could prove he was worth more than what everyone thought was if he became better than everyone else. His father had long since given up hope on Hux filling out, so it was up to him to outsmart and outmaneuver everyone else until he was untouchable, until he outranked everyone. Of course, Hux's own ambitions exceeded even that. He fully believed he would one day sit on the throne of the galaxy, no matter what the cost. He would command the respect of everyone in the universe. And if he had to burn the galaxy to the ground to do it, then he would rule the ashes. Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 2 of the Not What I Appear series