Hux was very likely going to scream if the absolute dolt that called himself a teacher didn’t get to the fucking point in the next five minutes. He had been droning on and on for ten minutes now about the importance of bees, and while Hux understood and supported that-the bee population was still declining, he knew, he had even started bee-keeping on a whim the month prior- but this is a fucking engineering class. Bees had no place in any discussion in this class, ever. Drumming his finger on the desk impatiently, he checked his watch again. It’s been three minutes, and the professor had gone on to talk about the different species of bees. “Now, many people are afraid of bees because they seem to be vicious. This is not the case! It is the africanized bees that have interbred with the different species here that are more defensive and more willing to sting you. The Italian bees, as well, are one of the more volatile breeds of bees.” Hux groaned under his breath, tilting his head back and snapping his book shut as he glared up at the ceiling, willing it to fall down and crush him. A medical emergency should be enough of an excuse to get out of class. Of course, he only drew the professor’s attention by doing that, and immediately a tedious question was asked of him. “I am sorry to be boring you, young man. Perhaps you can tell us what the most docile breed of bees is?” Hux took a deep breath, looked at the professor- substitute, he realized. Ah, that makes so much sense now- and exhaled. “Trick question, there isn’t only one breed. Both Caucasian and Carniolan bees have on average the same level of docility. Caucasian bees are recommended for beginner beekeepers, however they do not produce as much honey as Carniolans. In my opinion, it isn’t worth it to invest in bees that don’t produce, but I can see the benefits of wanting something easy to start out with. Anything else, sir?” he drawled boredly, smirking in satisfaction when the substitute huffed and turned his attention to another student. Feeling probably a little too self-satisfied, Hux settled back in his chair again, closing his eyes and deciding to just wait until the class ended. Then, someone burst in in a flurry of scarves and a wild hair, shouting, “There’s a troll! In the dungeon!” at the top of his lungs. Hux almost fell out of his chair laughing, while the rest of his class was stunned into silence. It only got worse when the young man stalked over, looking at Hux seriously, and stopped in front of him. “I thought you’d want to know,” he said in a more normal volume, his voice settle down to a deep timbre. Hux covered his mouth to hide his grin, coughing to hide his laughter as the man took his other hand to place a kiss on the back, grinning up at him from that curtain of impossibly dark hair. “Pleasure to meet you, Weasly,” he said softer, his words only for Hux to hear, and Hux couldn’t help but smack at the man’s shoulder, not at all oblivious to the eyes of the entire class trained on them. “Oh fuck off,” he said good naturedly, and was again gifted with the man’s grin. “Sorry, professor, but I have to borrow Weasly from you.” Without giving Hux or the professor a chance to respond, he pulled Hux up and towed him out of the class, giving Hux only enough time to snatch up his messenger bag. They didn’t stop until they were out of the building, and both broke out into fits of laughter. “Ren, you are an absolute fool for doing that.” “What can I say? I’m a fool for love, babe.” Hux shook his head, wrapping his arms around Ren’s neck. “You are a fool in general.” “Yeah, well, that’s why you love me. Besides, I could feel how much you wanted to throw your textbook at the professor from all the way in the theater.” Hux scoffed, but smiled when Ren leaned into kiss him, meeting him half way. “I’m sure you could. Well, thanks for rescuing me. I’m pretty sure that I would have killed someone if I had been forced to sit through that any longer.” “Heh, yeah, Uncle Luke has that effect on people. He’s not all bad though. I’m sure he could give you some tips on your bees,” he teased, wiggling his eyebrows, and Hux smacked him upside the head. “Don’t even go there, Crylo. My bees are just fine without any outside help, thank you. Who knows what effect Luke would have on poor Millicent. He would probably drive her to mutiny.” “Oh please. She’s probably mutinous already, being held captive in the middle of the hive. You’d think royalty would have more freedom.” “You would. But she’s quite happy where she is, thank you very much.” “Yeah, yeah. Gosh, one would think you are Italian with how defensive you are about your hive.” Ren grinned and took off running as Hux tried to swat at him. Disregarding how childish they appeared, Hux chased after Ren, shouting good-natured insults at him. Phasma and Rey shook their heads as they watched the two college students chase each other, smiling to themselves. They were idiots, but at least they were idiots in love. Notes: I'm a beekeeper and writing this absolutely tickled me, so I'm going to, at some point, write a full length, slightly more serious fic about Hux as a beekeeper.