The Secret In The Back Garden Kylo Ren was thoroughly bored. It was annoying enough being there to discuss possible marriage, but the clear attempts to seduce him made by the three women were making him absolutely sick. Lord Snoke, the father of those three girls, did nothing to stop them. He just wanted his daughters to marry into Ren's fortune. Like he didn't already have enough, the greedy, selfish, corrupted fool. Kylo Ren was having none of it. He ate and tried to engage in polite conversation, but he was reaching his wits end. And, worse, he had agreed to stay there for quite a long while. Before Snoke bid him goodnight he added, "Oh yes, I must warn you. Stay out of the back garden after dark. What comes out during that time is not for your eyes." Then Snoke bid a servant lead him to the room he would be staying in for the next month or so. Ren was confused, but he complied with Snoke's order. That night he did not leave the castle, and for the next few days he attempted to do the same. On the third day he reached the end of his patience and decided take a stroll before bed, just to get out of the place. He hardly noticed how low the sun was in the sky. It lowered and lowered, turning the sky crimson, then purple, then a dark blue as the moon and stars took its place. Only then did Ren realize how late it was, and that he should get back to the castle. He tried to open the door, but it was locked. The high walls of the garden had no exit. Fear built in his chest. What horror was hidden in this garden? He got his answer when the pond began to bubble. It was much larger and deeper than any ordinary pond, almost a small lake. Ripples began to mar the reflection of the trees and sky in the clear water. Ren could see a dark shape rising up from the bottom, at a pace so fast he couldn't catch a glimpse of it. Then, with a splash and an almost human shout something burst out of the water, jumping high into the sky, almost as high as the garden walls. He caught sight of a long black fin before the thing disappeared into the water again. Tentatively, he inched towards the edge of the pool and tried to get a closer look. A second time the thing emerged, jumping again. He saw a human upper body, clothed in a gauzy dripping shirt. Then it was gone. For the third time the thing jumped, it's scaly tail flashing in the moonlight, dripping from head to tail in pond water. It came back down with a mighty splash, and then it swam to the edge of the pool. When its head came above the surface Ren saw the face and shoulders of a.......human girl? A woman, maybe his age, with flowing brown hair that clung to her shoulders and ran with pond water that shone in the moonlight. She had lovely red sculpted lips, a sharp nose, and clever brown eyes. Her skin was fair, but her cheeks were flushed. "What are you doing out this late" she asked him. Her voice sounded like any humans should, not like some demon with a sea creature’s tail. Instead of answering her Ren replied with a question of his own. "What are you?" She laughed softly. "Oh, is it the tail? It's alright, I can transform in the moonlight." She swam over and climbed onto a nearby rock. Her tail was long, midnight black, and shimmering with water droplets that clung to it and reflected the moon and starlight. She snapped her fingers, and the tail dissolved into a pair of human legs clothed in black pants. Her shirt was white and gauzy, but it covered her enough for it to be decent. "So tell me" she continued, walking off the rock and onto the dry land. "What, exactly, are you doing here? Especially as a guest in my father's house, you'd think he'd warn you not to see me." "Your father" Ren asked. "How?" "Answer my question and I might answer yours" she said smartly. "Sorry" he said quickly. "I was just out for a walk and lost track of the time." "Hmm" she said. "Happens to the best of us. Sometimes I'll be out here and forget to get back in before daylight. I can't stand that." "What on Earth are you talking about" Ren demanded. "What even are you?" "I suppose I should tell someone" the woman said. "I'd like to have the chance to speak with another person. Sit, it's a long story to tell." She sat on a nearby bench. Ren remained standing, and she sighed. "As you wish. Well, when I was young I was quite gifted. Powerful, beautiful, and kind, certain traits I had been given on the day of my birth-which is another long story that I don't have time to tell. My sisters were-and no doubt still are-very jealous of me, because I was the youngest child and got all the attention. They thought they should get more attention, because our late mother loved me very much and paid me more attention than all the rest. I had three brothers, but they have gone off to war and such since I became, well, what I am now. Anyway, my jealous sisters wanted to get rid of me, so they-I have no idea how they did this-tracked down someone who gave them a potion to rid me of my gifts. But it was actually a potion that would turn me into a water-dwelling demon." Ren sat down, now interested in what the strange woman had to say. "My sisters did not know this and gave me the potion. I was very young at the time, or I would have noticed something in the way the presented me the strange cup full of boiling liquid. Either way, I drank it. And that potion, that's what turned me-" She paused, snapping her fingers. Her legs transformed into the long black tail. "Into this!" She snapped her fingers once more, and her lower body returned to its normal state. "If it had not been for my mother" she continued, as though nothing had happened. "My father would have sent my away, ashamed of my new form. She convinced him to build this garden, just for me. And she visited me, every single day until I was nineteen. Then she died. My father closed me off, with no one visiting me except my personal servants, who bring me food and drink. And even those come during the day, when I cannot come up and speak with them. Only once darkness falls can I escape my prison, but I have not been outside these walls nearly my whole life. During the night I can switch between my human and demonic forms as I please, but I prefer to be human as long as I can. If I am not back in the water when daylight returns every minute I am outside the water it extends my time as a demon by one hour." She sighed forlornly. "My name is Abby Grace" she added, almost as an afterthought. "Nice to meet you" Ren said. He didn't see anything to be afraid of anymore. She wasn't a demon, or not by nature. She was simply a poor girl who was the target of jealousy, evil tricks, and greed, only to be handed a terrible, lonely fate. "I'm Kylo Ren." "Nice to meet you too" she said. "It is so nice having someone to talk to. My brother Poseidon sometimes visited me after the death of mother, he always had an affinity with the water, but then he left. I see no one anymore." "I'm sorry" Ren said. "Your father does make it sound like there's a horrific demon that ravages this place at night. I wish I could come back, but in a few days I will be leaving, if this goes as I think it will." "What's happening" Abby asked. "Your father" Ren said. "Has offered me the hand of any one of your sisters in marriage. It is too impolite to refuse, but I dislike the lot of them." Abby nodded in sympathy. "I don't see why you wouldn't, the spoiled little brats. Their plan worked, and once mother died they became about as spoiled as fatted calves. But they're just going to be married off anyway, so I don't see why they're so happy about it." "What about you" Ren asked. "What about me" Abby replied. "Will Snoke ever try to get rid of you? Marry you off?" Abby laughed so loudly Ren glanced at the castle, but no one seemed to hear. "Marry me off" she cried. "Me?! Ha! No way, I'm more likely to be killed." She shook her head before continuing. “My father can’t keep a secret like my existence forever, and when someone like……well, like you I suppose, finds out about me he’ll be too ashamed to keep me anymore. I’m, pretty much, the family embarrassment. “No one knows about you” Ren asked. “What about when you were young, you must have disappeared with no explanation.” “Anyone not close to our family” Abby said. “A.K.A. most of the people who knew me as a baby were told I had died of a sudden illness. Most of the servants know what happened to me, but, aside from my family within the castle, almost no one else knows I am alive.” “Oh” Ren said quietly. “Do you ever get lonely?” “Constantly” she said. “But I’m used to it by now. It’s nice having someone to talk to.” “Perhaps I could come back” Ren said. “You could!” She sounded like a child at the prospect of a new toy or outing. Then her face flushed. “I’m grateful Kylo, but you would get in trouble with my father. Like threaten-you-with-torture-so-you-don’t-tell-anyone kind of trouble. You shouldn’t risk it. Not to mention the gates are locked until dawn so you can’t get back into the castle.” “It’s alright” Ren assured her. “But that makes me wonder, have you ever left this garden since you were turned into…….” He paused, unsure of what to call her form with a fish tail. “No” she said, understanding what he was asking. “Not since this garden was built. I’ve gotten used to that too, I enjoy this place. There are some flowers and such that only come out at night, and I get to see them all.” She stood from the bench and walked over to a large rosebush. She went around it, pushing aside the thorny bush. Ren followed, past the rosebush, and it was like he had stepped into a secret world. The path of this corner of the garden was lined with a small plant that glowed silver. Abby knelt and gently brushed her finger across the leaf of one. “This one is my favorite” she said. “Moonlace. The gardener let’s me take care of it. But there’s plenty of others.” She began walking through that little corner of the garden, naming each plant she passed. “Night Scented Orchid, Evening Primrose, Chocolate Flower, Tropical Night Blooming Water Lilies-whoa, that’s a mouthful. Those bloom at my pond too.” “How did you learn all of these” Ren asked. Abby shrugged. “I honestly don’t know” she said. “It just comes to me, because, you see, the potion didn’t rob me of my powers. They’re not centered on gardening, but they’re useful for recalling unknown or forgotten information.” She strolled over to the rosebush, which had stopped blooming due to the late hour. She placed both hands on the thorny brambles. “They’re also quite restorative” she added. At her touch the nearest rose burst into full bloom, but when she retracted her hands it returned to its former state. “That’s amazing” Ren said. “Thank you” she said. “I’m glad you’re not afraid of me. My father keeps people under the impression that there’s a monster that ravages this garden at night or drowns humans. I don’t do that.” “You’re too kind to do that” Ren said. “I can see that much.” She blushed. “Thank you” she said. She turned back towards her pond, walking past the rosebush and back to the water. “What are you doing” Ren asked. She looked up at the sky. “It’s nearly dawn” she said. “I have to get back into the water if I want to assume human form tomorrow evening.” She waded into the pond, and Ren could see the large black shape of her tail emerge underneath the smooth, clear water. “Wait a moment, please” he said suddenly. Abby turned, chest-deep in the water. “You’ll come back tomorrow” she asked. “Of course” Ren assured her. “But how will I get back in?” “Just knock on the door, a servant will let you in. Tell them it is my order that they stay quiet about it. They still obey me, whether I am in this form or not.” Ren turned away, but heard her swimming closer. He waited a moment before turning around. She had risen out of the water and was practically standing, her face level with his. She smiled. “It was nice to meet you Kylo Ren” she said. “I won’t forget tonight” Ren promised her. “Thank you” she said. She kissed him on the cheek before sinking back into the water. Ren waited for another moment, but she didn’t reappear. Then he sighed and began walking back towards the castle before dawn came and he was found out.