“Rey? Hey, Rey? Can you hear me?” The pilot’s voice cut through the cool night’s air like a knife, the silent tranquillity completely lost as his footsteps rustled the blades of grass beneath his feet, and his voice echoed in the emptiness. He walked towards the familiar figure, watching her staring up at the stars in the distance. Her body seemed to sway with the gentle breeze that ruffled his hair, her garments pulled tight around her to protect her from the cold. “Rey, it’s late, what are you doing out?” Poe outstretched his arms, coming to a stop a little way from her. Maybe she was meditating, maybe this was some kind of training that Luke had given her. Still, he couldn’t help but feel like it was a mistake letting her stay out here. She wasn’t used to these temperatures, and she might get sick. Before Poe could take another step forward, he watched as Rey’s legs began to shake a little. He bolted forwards, and in two long strides Poe was at his knees, catching Rey’s tiny frame as her legs gave way. He brought his hand to her face, cupping her cheek to support her head and turn it to face him. Rey’s skin was cold and pale, scattered with freckles. With her eyes shut, she looked as though she were sleeping, and the pilot couldn’t help but furrow his brows together in… He wasn’t really sure what. Frustration, sadness, betrayal? Her eyes were sunken just a little further back than most, bags built up over the years painting exhaustion over her face. Her cheek bones were prominent, as was her chin, and her forehead was creased with lines from thought and worry. But even in such a state, she appeared peaceful. She was unbelievably innocent and now more than ever, she looked like the child that she practically still was. From what Poe had gathered she was only 19 and had already seen so much, but the way that sand and starvation had worn down her features did nothing to hide her true youth, the purity of her face in slumber. He was only entrapped by her for a few more moments, before something in the back of his mind reminded him that the poor girl was freezing and unconscious in his arms, and he should probably do something other than just stare at her. Careful as he could, Poe tucked her body close to his chest and stood up. The base would be as busy as ever, people working the night shift moving around and bustling through corridor’s to get their jobs done, but the med-bay would be quiet. Unless there had recently been a battle, there was a limited number of illnesses and injuries throughout the Resistance. Poe had helped the med-droids with Rey, carrying her to a room and tucking her into a bed whilst they busied themselves running tests to ensure she was okay, and making sure she was comfortable. Poe squeezed her hand, smiling reassuringly to her unconscious body as he sat beside her. He had to return to bed himself, but a few minutes by her side wouldn’t matter. Besides, this was the girl that had never had anyone. She might not know now, or maybe she would sense it in the Force, but Poe was going to stay with her for a few minutes. He’d let her have someone . Her best friend was tucked up in a coma next door, and Poe admired the girl, he wanted her to feel wanted. It was a quiet few minutes he said with her, watching the droid’s go about their work as his yawns broke through the whir of machinery. While he wanted to stay by her side, he had to admit he was tired. It would do him no good to fall asleep next to her bed. No, he would return to his quarters and sleep, he would visit tomorrow after he had completed his tasks. She would be awake by then, and he would be able to see if she was okay rather than to just offer the gesture. With a smile, the pilot pressed his hands against his thighs, pushing himself up with a quiet groan as while looking down at the girl in front of him. He almost chuckled, almost laughed. If Rey really was going to learn the ways of the Force, and she was going to fight alongside the Resistance to win this war… Well, he couldn’t believe they’d gotten so lucky. It was an impossible find, and she was an impossible girl. He leaned over and pressed a gentle kiss to her forehead, brushing a few lose strands of hair aside and tucking them behind her ear as he moved away, his hand hovering by her cheek for just a moment longer. As he moved away from her, his hands dug deep into his pockets and Poe almost skipped out of the room. One hand came up to his face, rubbing the stubble along his chin before he pushed his hair back. If his friends were to see him now, they’d have told him he was drunk, that he was acting like a kid, and Jess would probably punch him in the shoulder and tease him for a week about it. But no one saw, and none of it happened, but when he fell back into his bed there was still a cheesy smile across his face. Poe looked ridiculous – he knew it himself because he felt ridiculous – but the butterflies in his stomach told him more than he needed to know, and as he rolled over in his bed and wrapped his arms around his pillow, he found himself actually welcoming sleep for the first time in a very long time. Chapter 2 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Poe wasn’t often one to open up about his feelings – beyond the respect and admiration he held for his peers, and the friendship he shared with his squadron, he kept things personal. Not because he was forced to, or because he wanted to, but because it felt the most appropriate way to deal with things. At the end of the day, they were at war. Wars weren’t won by getting emotional, and while he refused to repress what he felt, he wouldn’t let it overwhelm him. Not when he had jobs to do, recruits to train, and… And friends to care for. His mind wandered and for once, he thought about Rey rather than Finn. He almost cursed himself for it, knowing that Rey had passed out and Finn had been brutally attacked by Kylo Ren, but Rey… Surely she was struggling just as much, and it almost seemed as if it had been brushed under the carpet. He didn’t even know where she was staying, or if she was eating properly, and he suddenly realised that without Finn she barely even knew anyone. He was a stranger to her, more or less. They must’ve spoken twice before last night. He felt a pang of guilt for leaving her alone, but he had duties to tend to. As soon as he finished, he would check in on her. And properly. He would make sure she was adjusting to life here properly. The day passed slowly. Jess had suspected something was up with him since breakfast. She insisted that he looked like he’d slept for the first time in years, and truth be told he had. He had drifted off to thoughts of Rey and how innocent she had looked, how peaceful and beautiful, and it had seemed like such a juxtaposition to this war, the war that she was a part of now. BB-8 had, essentially, brought her into it. Secretly, Poe would have to thank the droid for stumbling upon her when he had been left on Jakku. In fact, had it not been for that night that Kylo had captured him, he may have never met Rey (mentally, he kicked himself. She was unconscious in bed, she wasn’t well, and she barely knew him. He shouldn’t be thinking about her like this, but he couldn’t stop himself). As he approached her bed, it became clear that not only was she awake, but she was already in company. Part of him (some childish part that didn’t want to get caught visiting the girl he liked) told him to leave, but he pressed on. He had to check she was okay; it was only right. When he realised who was standing there, Poe stood to attention. “General Skywalker, Sir.” Of course Luke would have been with her, most likely wondering why she had missed training that day. Both Luke and Rey looked to him – Rey smiled softly and Luke shook his head. “At ease, soldier. I’m not a General these days. I believe General was what your parents called me.” He said, gesturing for him to pull up a seat. “Did your mother ever tell you the story of when she almost shot me down?” He asked. “No, Sir.” Poe said, sitting opposite Luke on the other side of Rey. “You worried me, you know?” He said, directing this to Rey. “I only just managed to catch you, you were staring at the stars and all of a sudden you were collapsing. Are you alright?” Luke furrowed his brows a little as Poe spoke, clearly the man hadn’t heard the whole story yet. “I’m fine, you don’t need to fuss.” Rey insisted. “Master Luke has been with me all day, since before I woke up this afternoon. You brought me here last night?” “Of course I did. You were out in the cold, I just wanted to make sure you were alright. You’re from Jakku, it must’ve been freezing out for you last night.” Rey didn’t reply, only looking down at her blankets. Poe’s brows knitted together in concern and as Luke watched, he stood from where he sat. “Take a few days off, Rey.” He told her. “When you’re fit we’ll begin your training again; I can’t be training you if you’re ill. I’ll stop by tomorrow.” He promised, before he left the room. Rey still said nothing, and Poe waited until the older man had gone before he spoke. “Are you okay?” He asked, and it sounded just as meaningful as he hoped. It wasn’t him asking about how she felt in that moment, but overall. Was she comfortable? Did she miss Jakku? Did she have anyone to talk to? “I’m fine.” Rey replied, stubborn though her voice wavered a little. “I just don’t understand why you helped me. People don’t just help, there’s always something behind it, they’re always doing it for a reason.” Poe swallowed a little, wondering if she was right. Had he helped her because it was the right thing to do, or because he liked her? No, it was the right thing to do, he was sure of it. His moral’s had guided him down this path, and he wouldn’t stray from them so easily. Perhaps liking Rey the way he did was just an incentive, something in addition to what he already felt. “You’re not on Jakku anymore.” Poe reminded her softly, taking one of her hands between his and squeezing it comfortingly. “People help, it’s what they do. I just want to make sure you’re okay. Not because you’re an asset to the Resistance, but because it’s the right thing to do, because this is what we’re fighting for.” Rey raised her head, and for a long moment he gazed into her eyes before he pulled his hands away and tore away his stare. “Anyway, Rey, the point is, I wanted to check on you anyway. When I found you outside I worried, and then you fainted. Have you been eating enough? Is it the climate here?” “Medical just reckon it’s a couple of bugs.” She admitted. “They said there’s been something going around. Most people just needed a day’s bedrest but they’re keeping me here because I never had any immunisation on Jakku, so I’m at risk of complications. And then when I’m recovered they’re going to give me loads of injections that I never had to make sure I don’t get seriously sick.” Poe nodded a little, putting his hand on her shoulder reassuringly. “It’ll be okay.” He told her gently. “Injections don’t hurt that much, and it’s better than the alternative. Look, if you want some company I can hang around with you. I’m sure once Finn wakes up they’ll let you see him too, as long as you’re healthy. Have you spoken to anyone else that you want here, I can tell them?” “No.” She answered easily. “I haven’t had time, and Master Luke said that Jedi aren’t meant to form attachments anyway.” “I see.” He said. “But, that doesn’t mean you have to be alone Rey. You can still have friend’s, surely. No one can expect someone that’s lived alone all their lives to suddenly have the chance to talk and meet people and decline it completely. It would be ridiculous. It would be unfair.” “Of course not. Master Luke says I should make friends, that I would feel more comfortable and that the Force would be easier to harness. He also worries that if I don’t talk to people, I won’t learn to control my emotions the way I should. That I could follow down another path, fall away from the Light.” “But it won’t happen.” Poe assured her. “You’re one of the brightest I know, and Finn and I are here for you… You should still speak to other’s though, why don’t you?” Poe watched her closely, seeing her almost curl up on herself. It seemed even more unlike Rey when she rolled to face away from him, bringing the blanket she was under up over her shoulders. “I’d just rather not.” She said simply. He knew that wasn’t the whole story, but he also knew when not to push. If she was uncomfortable, he wouldn’t press. “Do you want me to fetch you anything to eat?” Rey was silent in reply, and Poe let out a silent sigh. There was only so much he could do, maybe this was all just too much at once. “If you need me, let someone know and they’ll get word to me, okay? If not, I’ll stop by again tomorrow to see how you’re doing.” Again there came no reply, but Poe accepted this. He’d said something wrong without realising it, so he’d give her the space she needed. As he stood to leave, the feelings in his chest were completely different to the night before. Instead of the warmth and elation from his simple interaction with the young woman, he felt awful. His stomach churned and he thought he would throw up, all the while his mind was racing to figure out what it was that he’d said wrong. He retired early that night, and as he lay in his bunk – unable to sleep for thinking – he hoped Rey was alright. That whatever was troubling her had left her alone and was letting her sleep. He shut his own eyes, preparing for a fitful night as he yawned. Under his breath, he mumbled a quiet goodnight to his empty room and curled in on himself, tightly shutting his eyes as he prepared for the night ahead. Notes: Just came back from my holiday, and the Damerey feels are strong within me! So yeah, I'm making this into a thing! Let me know what you want to happen and I'll see how it goes (and let's be honest, at the moment this is the fluffiest my ideas go so you might want to jump in before I destroy them emotionally...) Chapter 3 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Rey slept through the night, but it wasn’t a peaceful sleep. Her mind was awake and thinking, and the dreams that came with it were terrifying. She imagined herself being consumed by the dark, whatever decision she made seemed to be the wrong one. Sometimes the dark welcomed her with open arms, and she wanted it, but others it would drag her kicking and screaming – away from her friends and those she loved. Once, it took her without her noticing it until it was too late. By the time she awoke from her fitful slumber, Luke was by her side and she was afraid that he may have seen her dreams. Her encounter with him was much less than it had been the day before. Luke insisted he had jobs to do, and Rey wasn’t as responsive as she had been. Her dreams had thrown her off and she felt uncomfortable talking about them, or about anything, with him. All she could think about was how vulnerable she felt, how alone she felt in this. Maybe she should raise her concerns and maybe he would be able to help her – but what sort of fear would that strike into his heart? If she had visions of falling to the dark, maybe there was no hope for her. The worry and fear of it all – added with the fact that Luke had now left her alone – meant all she could do was curl in on herself in her bed. Medical weren’t letting her go, wanting her to spend a few more days resting up under observation, and so all she could do was think. Rey didn’t want to think, she wanted to do something to take her mind away from the dark side, from Kylo, from the First Order. She scrunched her eyes up tightly and brought her knees up to her chest curling into just as tight a ball, when she heard the door opening behind her. “Rey?” Poe’s voice came, soft and concerned as always. “Hey, Rey, are you awake? You don’t look happy.” Rey didn’t want to roll over, but she did, looking to him with tired and empty eyes as he made his way to sit at her side. “Oh, Rey.” He said, sitting by her side and looking at her. “Are you feeling alright? You look like you had a rough night.” “Why does it matter?” She asked quietly, snapping a little more than she had intended. “I know what it’s like to have nightmares, tell me about it.” “I didn’t have any nightmares.” Rey told him stubbornly, rolling back over away from him. Could she really admit to him that she had nightmares about… No. She wouldn’t. Poe stood quietly and watched her. He wouldn’t leave – not when he knew something was wrong – but he didn’t want to push her. So he sat by her side, crossed his legs and sat back with a groan. She fidgeted a little, glancing over her shoulder to see if he was still there, and then going back to looking away once more. She was aware that she was being stubborn and childish, but she wasn’t about to stop and Poe didn’t really mind. Poe could sense that something was wrong, and maybe just being there and letting her get used to him would slowly let her open up. If he could help, then he would. After a few minutes, Rey rolled over to face him and he gave her a gentle smile, squeezing her hand to let her know that he was still there. Rey squinted and scrunched her nose up a little, but Poe knew that the scavenger wasn’t being hostile – just curiously figuring things out. From what little he knew about Rey, if she was being hostile he’d have a staff up his ass. No, she was just observing him and trying to learn what she could from his body language. “You know; you can talk too. Conversations are pretty useful.” He said with a laugh, causing Rey to shift a little in her bed. “I did have bad dreams.” She told him, looking down. He was dressed in his flight suit, and she wondered what he had done that morning. Perhaps he had gone out for a recon mission, or maybe a couple of drills with new recruits – keeping the pilots sharp so when they were needed, they were ready. “Okay.” Poe said gently. “Do you want to talk about them?” “No.” Rey replied hastily. Perhaps too quickly, maybe Poe would press further now it was clear that something was wrong. But he said nothing, only watching her. “Not yet.” She corrected herself, sitting up and propping her back against the wall. “Finn’s doing well.” Poe told her. “I visited him on my way over here. They say the anaesthetic has worn off completely now, and his vital signs all look good. They’re hopeful, but they haven’t given me a date yet. Still, saying they’re hopeful is amazing news from the medics.” Rey smiled a little, her dreams forgotten as she edged slightly closer to Poe and listened to him talk. He seemed to realise that he was the one doing the talking today, and that was how she wanted it to be – and that was okay. He didn’t mind talking, telling her about how he had come to be a part of the Resistance, how he had ended up on Jakku, and how he had met Finn. Rey could’ve listened to Poe talk all night, and he probably would have done if a medic hadn’t interrupted. “Commander Dameron.” The voice came, following a knock on the door that tore their attention away from each other. “Visiting hours are over, I’m afraid. You should get yourself down to the canteen while they’re still serving. There’s nothing stopping you coming back tomorrow. I’ll give you a few minutes to say your goodbyes, but Rey needs to rest.” Watching the medic leave, Poe smiled to Rey and Rey smiled back, and the two sat in silence for a short moment. “I guess I should go.” Poe said, standing up and letting out a grunt as his muscles woke, having practically fallen asleep as he had sat there. “I didn’t mean to be here so long, I hope I didn’t exhaust you. The medics are right – you need your rest. I’ll stop by again tomorrow, if you like? I’m sure you’ll be back on your feet soon enough and Master Luke will have you training again but—.” “Hey.” Rey told him, smiling. “Get yourself off, and go get something to eat Commander.” Poe grinned, mock saluting her as he made his way out of the room. Poe ran his hands over his stubble, making a note to shave, and smiled when he was out of sight. Apparently, whatever feelings he had for Rey weren’t going anywhere any time soon. He wanted to laugh at himself, spending hours talking to Rey about his life, but he couldn’t. She had been so interested, and he had been sat next to her the whole time. Still, on the back of his mind he could only think of what Rey had told him yesterday regarding attachments. Well maybe he should speak to Luke himself – maybe the Skywalker would be able to explain things in a little more detail than he did to Rey. For now, though, slumping down on a table at the canteen with food and his friends all asking where he’d been all afternoon seemed like a good idea. But he’d keep it a secret, the way he felt about her. No point in spreading it around the base if she didn’t know, it hardly felt fair and… Well… It would only do more harm than good. Notes: I am blaming any typo's on this entirely on my nieces and nephews, who have exhausted me to the point where I can't read and write any more, but I had to update this. I love Damerey, and I promise this is gonna stay cute for maybe the next 3 chapters? We all know I can't resist turning things in to angst, so let me know what fluffy stuff you want... Before it's too late ;) Chapter 4 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) “Master Luke!” Rey sat up in her bed, feeling far more refreshed than she had been the day before. Talking with Poe all afternoon seemed to have banished any nightmares she had, like his presence had lulled her to sleep. If her Master didn’t already know by the time he had entered the room, he knew now that she was feeling much better – but that she also had questions for him. “You’re looking well, Rey.” Luke said, sitting beside her and giving her a gentle smile. “Don’t overdo it, however. I wouldn’t like it if you recovered only to hurt yourself again when we began training. Take your time to get back on your feet.” “I have to ask you something, it’s about—.” “Attachment?” He asked, and Rey raised an eyebrow. “Rey, I have seen your thoughts. When we begin training once more, I shall teach you how to shield them.” “But my question?” “No.” Luke said, soft but firm, and he watched as Rey’s heart broke in her eyes. “Rey, when I began to teach a new generation of Jedi I couldn’t make my mind up about this rule, but having thought on it for so many years I could only decide upon enforcing it. The purpose of a Jedi is to bring balance and peace to the Force and the Galaxy, but forming an attachment creates an entirely new purpose for the individual in question. They fight – not for what is right, but what they love. Their sense of balance is lost as they seek to protect a lover, a family, something more important to them. Rey, if you chose this over becoming a Jedi then I will not force you to stay. However, it is a choice you have to make.” Rey nodded, the smile wiped from her face as she sat back. Her stomach churned, and for a moment she didn’t know what to choose. Rey had never formed an attachment to anyone. But all of a sudden along came Finn, and Poe, and Luke and Leia and Han, and Rey had so many different emotions and thoughts flying around in her head. Finn was her best friend, without a doubt, and she wouldn’t trade him for the world. And while she still barely knew Poe, she knew he was different. He made her feel a little bit sick when she spoke to him, but in a good way. He made her laughed and cheered her up and simply made things okay but… After all those stories of how he joined the Resistance, would he ever forgive her if she chose him over the cause? Rey sighed heavily, glancing down and nodding once more. “As soon as I am ready, we shall continue my training, Master Luke.” Rey said quietly. Luke could sense the distress within her, but she had made her decision and he was certain she would come to terms with it in the following few days. “As you wish.” He told her gently. “Get some rest, Rey. I hear you’re being discharged this afternoon. Tomorrow we shall return to some meditation to ease you back in, and then we shall focus more on your mind rather than building your strength for combat. I will see you tomorrow morning.” # # # Poe was busy that day, so busy that by the time he went to see Rey she had been discharged. At least he knew that she was alright – medical would never have discharged her if she was unwell – but secretly he wished she was still bedridden. Before then they’d hardly ever talked outside of briefings and meetings and this had provided such a wonderful opportunity to get to know her better. All it had done was plant the seeds of… Of something in his chest, and he couldn’t shake it. Now she would go back to training, and she wouldn’t have time for him. And Luke would insist that she kept away from attachments. Poe cursed himself for allowing this to happen. How had he gotten into this situation in the first place? He’d let himself grow enamoured by the girl (and he had to remind himself that she was barely more than a girl at her age), and it was only going to hurt him. The pain at least explained why Jedi didn’t form such attachments, as he could only imagine what someone with that kind of power could do over love (or lost love). Still, he found himself bitter and hurt over something that had never happened, and something that had likely never been reciprocated. He caught himself thinking about Jedi not being allowed attachments, but who said Rey even wanted that? With a huff, he hurried back to the hanger and busied himself with Black One . It was later that night that BB-8 reminded him that he hadn’t eaten and that the canteen was closed. He was also informed that his friends had missed his company, and that the droid missed Rey. With a heavy sigh, Poe put down the tools in his hand and groaned, rubbing at his eyes and yawning. “Suppose I’ve just needed a time out.” He told the droid. “Didn’t really fancy seeing anyone today, anyway. I’m not stopping you seeing her though, go for it buddy. Just don’t let on that I’ve been moping around all day, that’s our little secret.” Poe said, a weak smile making its way onto his face. “And especially don’t tell Jess. The whole base’ll know by morning if she finds out I’ve got a crush on…” He stopped himself and shook his head. What the hell was he thinking? She was 12, no, 13 years younger than him. She had only just escaped isolation and was now training to be a Jedi. The poor girl didn’t need him ogling her in the way that he was. Not that he was eyeing her up, or something properly creepy – he tried to reason with himself – this was innocent. It wasn’t sexual, he just liked her. A lot. But it didn’t matter. She was a Jedi and he was a pilot. No, he wouldn’t let himself think on it any more. If it wasn’t meant to be, it wouldn’t happen. And as the pilot had learned over the years – alcohol was wonderful for repressing things. It seemed that way, anyway. Reluctantly he headed back to his quarters, hoping to find enough in his stash to drink away his feelings towards Rey, and the butterflies in his stomach whenever he thought of her name. It wasn’t long before he was tipsy, and drunken Poe followed shortly. In the confides of his room he didn’t quite seem so confident as he may seem outwardly, and rather he let his demons out. What Poe was like when he was drunk was a mystery to everyone (if anyone knew that the General’s top pilot drank he’d be in no ends of trouble) – but on his own, and when he truly was drunk, he rarely found himself doing anything other than crying. Poe kept so much hidden during the day – kept everything together in front of his friends and his squadron – that it was only when he completely lost his inhibitions and allowed himself to appear vulnerable. In a way, it worked. The things he repressed when he was sober were let out, and the things he couldn’t repress, were. While he mourned for fallen comrades, for how hard the war seemed, for seeing the Galaxy his parents fought for crumbling – he managed to forget Rey completely. Somewhere in his drunken sadness, Poe was glad. It was one weight off his shoulders, at least. Notes: So I'm gonna go ahead and apologise now because all of a sudden I think this thing is gonna have more of a plot... Poe is gonna have a lot of demons (what did I say when I promised I'd make it angsty???) and honestly, it's just gonna get dark and sad as all my fics do. One day I'll write fluff you guys, one day... But if you forgive this rambling(?) chapter, I promise I'll actually have a clear thought process in the next one rather than just throwing up words! Hope you're all still with me... More or less... Chapter 5 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Poe awoke late the next day with a heavy heart and a heavy head. He knew he wasn’t needed today – since it was late in the day and he was still in bed – but he never drank like that if he knew he was going to have to do something important. No, today there was nothing worth getting out of bed for. And sure his stomach might’ve been growling, but Poe was certain that even taking light footsteps would be enough to make his head pound or his stomach hurl. So he closed his eyes just a little bit tighter and rolled over onto his side, tucking his legs up to his chest and letting out a groan of pain. He wasn’t about to seek out pain killers – he’d let himself suffer. After all, the whole reason he drank was so he’d suffer. Why stop now? He reached to the surface beside his bed, fully intent with following through on the thought why stop now with another bottle (or two, it felt like another two would help drown his sorrows a little better). Poe had to admit, he felt stupid. He occasionally drank this much, but only occasionally. Usually a few weeks after a big battle, or when he lost someone he was close to. It wasn’t exactly encouraged to drink (the Resistance actually had some very strict rules about it), but he did it all the same. He always did it privately, alone, in his own space. If he wasn’t needed in the morning, he’d drink himself out of pain. It made it a little bit easier to look like the face of the Resistance when he was out and about on the base if he’d managed to forget everything the night before. He forgot every death, every little bit of blood on his hands, the pain and the tireless effort he went through to get them this far. No one saw this side of him. The side that smelled of cheap booze, that was covered in angry bruises and cuts. No one was around to see him lose his composure, to cry and pull of his hair by the handful. That wasn’t the Resistance poster boy they knew and loved, so Poe kept it locked away, hidden in his quarters. With a heavy sigh, he buried his face in his pillow and decided against another drink. He had duties tomorrow, he couldn’t risk feeling any worse. Unbeknownst to him, the throbbing in Poe’s head had helped him forget Rey entirely. For now, at least. With his eyes shut, lulling on the edge of sleep, all the man could see was death and pain. # # # Rey was sat cross legged outside, dew still clinging to the grass as her breath condensed as soon as it left her mouth. Despite being so late in the day, the cold was bitter on D’Qar when it took hold, and she found herself shivering throughout the meditation session with Luke. She was sure that if a medic caught her out, both Luke and herself would be in deep trouble. They still expected her to be on bedrest, but Luke was insistent that meditating wouldn’t do any harm. “Rey?” Luke asked. Her eyes opened and she looked at him curiously. “Yes, Master?” “You need to go back to medical.” “Why, Master?” Luke just smiled softly, placing a hand on her shoulder. “I’ve got word that Finn wants to see you.” No sooner had the name Finn left his lips, Rey was on her feet and running as fast as she could to find her friend. While she may not be allowed attachments, she felt that even Luke was excusing this. It wasn’t an attachment per say, she just needed to know he was alive, that he would get better. After so long alone on Jakku, Finn had been the first person to come back for her. And if she wasn’t allowed to get attached, then so be it, she’d sever her ties, but she was going to say thank you to him properly. Without the threat of death looming over their shoulders. Rey knew the route to Finn’s room like the back of her hand. He had been given his own room for several different reasons. Firstly, his condition was serious, and they didn’t know how difficult it was going to be to stabilise him. This way, they had room for all the equipment and people they could possibly need. Secondly, he was an ex-Stormtrooper, and there was no telling how some people would react to that. People might be angry, or suspicious, or think he was a spy; it was safer to give him his own room. Lastly, Rey had insisted that he had been a hero, that he deserved privacy and the best treatment possible. At first, they hadn’t believed her, but then the General joined her case and Finn was granted a private room. There weren’t many to spare in the Resistance, but most people injured in the battle had died, and so the med bay was relatively empty. For once, Rey found herself unable to get into Finn’s room, finding it crowded by medical droids and doctor’s wanting to speak to him. But he wanted to speak to her , surely that made her more important than anyone else? Not taking no for an answer, she pushed her way through and as soon as she was in his room, she beamed and crossed to his bed hurriedly. “Finn!” She said, relieved and overjoyed that he was awake, but cautious enough to not reach out and touch him in case he was in pain, or in shock, or anything really. He’d been through a lot, and she knew from the start it wasn’t going to be an embrace for a reunion, it was going to be sitting by his bedside listening to moans of pain and cries of sorrow, but it was enough to just be with him. “Hey, Finn, you’re awake again. I’m so glad to see you.” Rey whispered, leaning to look at him. His eyes were tired, and understandably. Sleep was never comfortable when it was forced, and he would need proper rest soon. But still, she wanted to cherish this moment with him. He was awake. He was awake . She repeated it over and over in her head and still it seemed too good to be true. But Rey wasn’t the only one that had heard that Finn had woken up. Poe was standing in the doorway, amongst the droids, watching the two interact. Though his headache still pounded and his hangover was still prominent, he had still managed to come running to find his buddy awake. But he wasn’t alone. He was with Rey. And she seemed enamoured with him, completely and utterly overwhelmed that he was awake. And suddenly, Poe remembered everything he felt towards Rey and he felt awful. If she wasn’t allowed to make attachments, that was one thing, but she seemed pretty attached to Finn right now. Maybe that was her way of letting him down easily, but it hurt so much more watching her sitting with Finn like that. He felt his fists clench slightly and he stuffed his hands stubbornly into his pockets. Why did she lie to him? Maybe he had this all wrong. Maybe Rey never even saw him as a friend, but just the person that checked up on her when she was ill. Maybe he’d overstepped his mark and maybe she was almost afraid of him. Well, he supposed that was only fair. He’d leave her alone. The man had lost things worse than a girl he had a crush on before, and in a war he was sure he’d lose worse in the future. He found himself turning and leaving before either of his friends saw him, letting them be happy together in peace as he sulked back to his room, somehow feeling even worse than he had felt when he woke up. # # # The night was long and cold. Without the hope of Rey, without the feeling that his friend would wake up and need him to help, he felt a little lost. Poe was strong, normally, and could hold it together in the worst of situations, but the dark loneliness of his bedroom at night was different. With the wind howling and the walls of the base creaking and aching, he found himself feeling empty. It wasn’t the sort of empty that alcohol could fix… No, this called for something much more serious. Something he saved for only very special occasions when he had very little control over how he felt. He hated doing it, but it worked, and with a groan he crossed to his refresher and locked the door behind him to give him some privacy while he did what he had to do. Notes: Look guys, it's a plot!! You can all think what you like about what Poe's doing, it'll be a couple of chapters before anyone finds out (except me, I know, because I'm the horrible person that's putting him through this muhahahahaha). Until anything is explicitly mentioned though, I'm not going to tag any triggers because it's so open it could literally be anything. As soon as there's actual confirmation I'll make sure it's in the tags so don't worry about that!! Hope you're all enjoying this now that the story has some actual direction to it, and I PROMISE one day I will update this when I'm not half dead or asleep from work... Chapter 6 : A/N! Okay guys, so I've gone back to college and this year I'm studying A-Levels and holy hell that's different from last year. If I was just doing A-Levels, I'd have less time to write anyway, but I've also been introduced to the world of quantum physics and I've fallen in love, and I'm pretty much dedicating 110% of my time to physics right now (honestly I was meant to go to bed almost 2 hours ago but yet I'm still awake doing physics). So this fic is on hiatus (and then I'll forget about it and never come back, just like my other fics!). I hope you understand, and I promise I'll try to get something written at some point (though I'm going hiking over half term so I can't even promise to write then!) Thanks so much guys, love you all and hope you're all doing well!!