Summary: Ben Solo is an asshole. This wasn't news; he had always been an asshole. The perfectly explosive cocktail of his mother's quick temper and his father's biting snark, with his own self-importance thrown in for good measure. But the past week had revealed a particularly evil part of himself that even surprised him. He had thought that the lovely "mean for the sake of being mean" trait that personified his angry adolescent years had been left behind as he matured and became a functioning adult, like a snake shedding his skin. Apparently some things can't be unlearned. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Ben Solo is an asshole. This wasn't news; he had always been an asshole. The perfectly explosive cocktail of his mother's quick temper and his father's biting snark, with his own self-importance thrown in for good measure. But the past week had revealed a particularly evil part of himself that even surprised him. He had thought that the lovely "mean for the sake of being mean" trait that personified his angry adolescent years had been left behind as he matured and became a functioning adult, like a snake shedding his skin. Apparently some things can't be unlearned. It was due to his recent weeklong rendition of the biggest jerk in the galaxy that he made sure to arrive home that night, on time for once, bouquet of flowers in hand. It was time that he acted like a man and talked to his girlfriend. As he approached the door to their apartment he placed the flowers under on arm, careful not to crush the delicate stems, and reached into his leather messenger for his key ring. He allowed himself a brief pause to gather a shred of courage and then pushed his key into the lock, unlocking and opening the front door to a dark and quiet apartment. "Babe?" he called out as he entered, though he already knew she wasn't home; Rey liked sunshine and noise. She always had every light in the house turned on, windows open, music playing or the television blaring, Warm Vanilla Sugar candles burning in every room. She filled their little home with light and warmth and sound, literally and figuratively. No, she definitely wasn't there. Ben felt the usual disappointment that always sprung up she wasn't there when he got home from work. Even though they had been more or less ignoring each other for the past week, he still wished that she was there filling their home and him with her bright light. He basked in it. Just having her presence near in the apartment, even if she was ignoring him, filled him with such warmth and contentment. She made everything better. God, he loved her. He needed to fix this tonight. But this is good, he told himself. Now he had a chance to shower, drink a beer, and try to figure out exactly what he was going to say to that beautiful girl. He dropped the flowers and his keys on the table by door, hung up his bag, and then pulled out his wallet and cellphone, placing them with the keys and flowers. As he made his way towards the kitchen to grab a beer from the fridge he made sure to flip each light switch; Rey liked them on. Twenty minutes later Ben exited their bedroom in jeans and a black T-shirt, feet bare and hair wet, and felt better than he had in a week. He had a plan. First, he was going to grovel and apologize until he lost his voice, then he was going to take Rey out to an expensive dinner at her favorite restaurant. Hopefully everything would go smoothly and they would come home and have make up sex. It felt like a lifetime since he last touched her and he missed her so much. But that wasn't all he had planned during his shower. He was going to take her somewhere for the weekend. They had both been so stressed lately, him from the multi-million dollar business merger his law firm was overseeing, her from her full course load and looming finals. They both needed a break to relax. But even more than that, he wanted, no, needed, to spend some uninterrupted time with his girlfriend. He needed to remind himself what all of this was for. How he was going to manage getting away for two uninterrupted days was a problem yet to be solved. He would probably have to go into work even earlier and stay later for the rest of the week. Maybe he could call in a favor from one of his coworkers; Hux was useless, but Phasma could be bought with Godiva chocolate and expensive wine. Perhaps she would cover for him if something were to happen… He would figure it out. Whatever it took. They needed this time together. He would make it happen. Maybe he should tell Rey about Mexico tonight, he mused. He had already planned on taking them on a long vacation when the merger was complete and she had finished her finals. He had wanted it to be a surprise, but maybe the idea of warm sand and tropical drinks would distract her and make her forget about how much of a bastard he had been. He made his way back to the kitchen, depositing his now empty bottle in the trash and grabbing another beer from the fridge. Where was Rey? It wasn’t like her to be gone this long without giving him a heads up. She probably thought you would be at work all night, he thought. She’s probably just with Finn or Jessika because she didn’t want to be stuck at home alone. Yeah, that’s definitely it, he assured himself. Beer in hand, he shuffled back to the front of the apartment to retrieve his cellphone from its spot on the table by the door. A quick scan revealed that he had no missed calls or messages from her; he quickly sent her a message. Hey babe when are you going to be home? We really need to talk about what happened. Love you. He starred at the screen from a moment, waiting for the little notification that she had read his message. When it didn’t immediately pop up, he assumed that meant she was driving. His girl was addicted to her cellphone, always scrolling through Tumblr looking for silly memes and texting Finn said memes. The only time Rey didn’t have her phone in her hand was when she was sleeping or behind the wheel. Good, that means she’ll be home soon, Ben thought. He was anxious and excited to see her lovely face, to tell her how sorry he was and beg her to forgive him. He wanted this stupid fight to be behind them already. He wanted to kiss her, touch her, fuck her. He wanted to hear her call him an asshole and tell him that she forgave him anyway. He wanted to hear her tell him that she still loved him. He pocketed his cellphone and scooped up the flowers that he had purchased after leaving work. He would clean them up and put them in water while he waited for Rey to return. He carried them back to the kitchen and got to work, carefully cutting each stem at an angle, like his mother had taught him so many years ago, and placing them in their lone vase with cool water and the little packet of plant food that came tied up in the bundle. When he finished and cleaned up the mess, he picked up the vase and carried it with him to the living room. He wanted it to put it on the coffee table so the flowers would be the first thing Rey saw when she came in. She loved flowers. He should buy them for her more often, not just when he acted like a dick, he thought. As soon as he neared the coffee table, he spotted a little pink Post-it Note filled with writing. He knew she must have left a note somewhere, she always left a note. He placed the vase on the table and picked up the piece of paper, quickly reading the words that appeared to have been scribbled in a rush. In a moment his heart stopped beating, the blood turned to ice in his veins, his vision blurred. He could see nothing but that vile little pink Post-it Note held between two numb fingers. I can’t do this anymore. I’m sorry. Please don’t hate me. Notes: Based on the song Unsteady by X Ambassadors So, I am a reader, not a writer. But for the past few days I have not been able to get the idea of this sad, miserable, short story out of my head. It haunts me. I created this cute little aesthetic, hoping to rid myself of the angst. No such luck. So here I am, putting the proverbial pen to the imaginary paper, trying to cleanse myself of all the pain and give it to you guys! Hope you like it! http://yesdnil-lindsey.tumblr.com/post/148772408595/unsteady-x-ambassadors-is-there-already Follow me on Tumblr! http://yesdnil-lindsey.tumblr.com/ Chapter 2 Summary: He shouted. She cried. He threw something. She slammed a door. They never talked about it. And now she was gone. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) I can't do this anymore. I'm sorry. Please don't hate me. Ben stood frozen, eyes locked on the pink Post-it Note he held between two large fingers. No, this is a joke. This can't be happening. He dropped the note like it had burnt him and reached into the pocket of his jeans and yanked out his cellphone. He quickly found the number he wanted and pressed Call. This is only a joke, he assured himself as he pressed the cellphone to his ear. Ring... Ring... Ring... Ring... "Hey, you've reached Rey-" "Damn it," he muttered as he hung up and immediately redialed her number. Ring... Ring... Ring... Ring... "Hey, you've-" "Fuck!" he exploded. He felt like he was going to be sick as the reality of the situation set it. Rey had left him. He had managed to be a big enough asshole to the woman he loved and she left him. She wouldn't even pick up the phone so he could apologize. Well, if she wouldn't answer his calls, then he would just have to find her. There were only so many places that she would have gone. He would find her and get her back. He had to. ~*~ Ben didn’t remember driving to their apartment, but suddenly he was there. He ignored the elevator and took the stairs, racing upwards two steps at a time. His long legs helped him reach their floor in record time and he burst through the door into the hallway, mindless of anyone who may have been standing behind it. He sprinted down the hall to their door and pounded on the wood with a large fist. Inside he could hear their little orange and white dog begin to bark. It only took a moment for someone to respond to his insistent hammering; they had obviously been waiting. “Where is she?” Ben immediately demanded as Finn opened the door. He tried to step forward into the apartment once the door was opened wide enough, but the man in front of him foresaw this move and instead stepped out into the hallway, forcing Ben to move backwards. The door closed firmly behind him, cutting off his view into the apartment. “Ben, you need to go,” Finn said sternly. “This is bullshit!” Ben exclaimed. “I’m not going anywhere until I talk to my girlfriend!” “She’s upset and she doesn’t want to talk to you right now,” Finn said, crossing his arms over his broad chest. Ben saw red. “Get out of my way.” “You’re not coming in,” Finn said, as if it was that simple. Like Ben would just accept that. “Move,” he snarled and took a threatening step forward. Finn recognized the menace in his gesture and stood up straighter, eyes narrowed. Ben didn’t want to fight Finn. While he wouldn’t call him a friend, the two men always got along when forced to interact. On occasion they even went to the gym together. But right now, the only thing standing in between him and getting to Rey was this man and a thin wooden door. He would tear through both of them if he had to. The two glowering men were saved from shedding blood for the girl they both loved when the apartment door opened again and a third body entered the hallway. Poe Dameron sidestepped his boyfriend and gently pushed on his chest. “Finn, go inside,” he instructed. Finn gave Ben one last heated glare before he followed the man’s order and disappeared back into the bright apartment. Once he was certain that the door would remain closed, thus preventing a brawl in the apartment building’s hallway, Poe turned back to the frantic man behind him. “I need to talk to Rey, now,” Ben pleaded. His anger quickly dissipated to desperation. “Please, Poe. I have to talk to her.” Poe gave Ben a sad look. “She needs some time, Ben. She’s upset.” Ben felt his chest constrict from Poe’s words. The thought that Rey was distraught, and he was the cause of her pain, it wrecked him. How could he have let this happen? “I know she’s upset. I need to apologize!” he cried. Poe just shook his head sadly, "It's not going to happen tonight, buddy. Just go home. Give her some time to think. She loves you, Ben. She's just upset." Ben wanted to scream and cry and break something all at once. He yanked a hand through his long hair and was surprised to find that it was still damp from his shower. "I can't just go home without her," he beseeched. "I know, man, but you can't stay here," Poe said, not unkindly. "I know you, Ben. If you stay out here, you’re just going to start pounding on the door again or you’ll end up trying to start a fight with Finn. That isn’t going to help the situation. Just… just do what she wants. Give her some room to breathe.” Ben swallowed past the burning lump in his throat and nodded his head. It would hurt to walk away, but Poe was right. He would just end up trying to force his way into the apartment if he stayed here. “Can you- can you just tell her that I’m sorry?” he asked, his voice hoarse. Poe nodded his head, “I’ll tell her.” Ben took one last agonizing look at the door that separated him from the one good thing in his life, then turned and walked away. ~*~ After an untold amount of minutes spent sitting in a daze in his car, Ben returned home. His chest ached. He didn’t want to be here alone. The door shut behind with a soft thud, Ben left to stand uncertainly on the threshold. The apartment looked exactly as he had left it in his rush to leave, but it already felt different. It felt cold and empty without her there to fill the rooms with her warmth. How had he not immediately known that she was gone? He wondered. Nothing seemed to be missing our out of place, but the quiet stillness in the air might as well be shouting SHE LEFT YOU! His eyes zeroed in on the vase of flowers on the coffee table. Rey was supposed to have spotted them when she walked in, that cute grin that always put a matching one on his own face should have split her face in two at the sight. She would have walked over to the table and gently picked up the vase, lifting the blooms to her face so that she could inhale their fragrance. “Thank you, Ben. I love them!” she would have said. But she wouldn’t do any of that now because she wasn’t there. In a flurry of motion, Ben moved across the room and grabbed the vase of flowers in one hand before throwing it with all his might at the wall. It burst instantly, raining shards of broken glass and damaged flowers onto the carpet. ~*~ When he was finally able to think clearly once more, a thought occurred to Ben. He hadn’t noticed that she was gone because nothing looked missing. Her possessions were visible throughout their shared space. If she hadn’t taken any of her things, she would have to come back eventually, he told himself. Rey had grown up in the foster system and she had never had many things that she could call her own. She cherished each and every object that belonged to her, no matter of the size or significance. She would never abandon all of her stuff just to make a hasty escape. She definitely planned on coming back at some point. The question was when? With methodical precision, Ben scoured the apartment for anything missing. He found that her toothbrush was gone, but her blow dryer and coconut scented shampoo were still there. Her gym bag was gone from the floor of their bedroom closet, but he couldn’t tell if she had taken anything off of the hangers. Her cell phone charger was gone from her nightstand, but the picture of them smiling in their bathing suits on the beach still in the gaudy seashell frame that she had picked out at the hotel gift shop. He picked up the frame and smiled ruefully. It was taken over a year ago, when they had gone on their first vacation as a couple. She begged and pleaded for them to go somewhere tropical because she had never seen the ocean, despite having grown up in the middle of the desert. The picture was taken on their first day there when she had ran up to a middle aged woman building a sand castle with her two small children and asked her to take their picture. His sunburn could already be seen in the redness on his shoulders and nose, but she was all golden radiance curled into his side in her tiny orange bikini, more teeth then face as she beamed at the camera. They had spent the rest of that day together on the beach, swimming in the ocean, attempting to build a sand castle of their own, and generally just enjoying each other’s company. It wasn’t until they got back to the hotel later that evening that they discovered how badly his fair skin had burnt under the hot tropical sun. They next two days were spent indoors to avoid further upsetting his burns. He apologized so often for ruining her first real vacation that she finally had to tell him to shut up with a laughing kiss. They wasted away the days in bed, making love and watching bad pay-per-view movies. When the sun would set, they ventured outside to visit local restaurants and bars. Once, he convinced her to go swimming, though she put up a fight. “I can’t see anything in the water, Ben!” she wailed, constantly jumping and spinning around at every noise. He had found her fear of the ocean amusing; she wasn’t usually afraid of anything. He couldn’t resist the urge to sink under water, swim up behind her unseen and tickle one of her legs. The scream that she let out had him doubled over with laughter which she promptly used to her advantage, dunking his head under the water when she realized that it was her rotten boyfriend that had touched her and she wasn’t about to be a sharks dinner. “You’re a butthead!” she declared when he emerged from the water, but she couldn’t help but smile when he was grinning at her like that. “That really scared me!” “I’m sorry, babe,” he said, pulling her to his chest and wrapping his arms around her. “Will you forgive me?” “Only if you protect me from the sharks,” she joked and wrapped her legs around his waist, allowing him to support her weight. “Always, baby. Always.” Ben set the frame back on her nightstand, no longer able to bare look at their happy grinning faces. He went through the dresser next, again unable to tell if she had taken anything from the still mostly full drawers. He supposed she must have. When he couldn’t find sufficient evidence that she planned on leaving him permanently, he gave up his search and collapsed on their bed. He yearned to get back in his car and repeat his trip to Finn and Poe’s apartment, this time refusing to leave until he had her with him. He imagined himself stealing her away, carrying her body while her friends watched from a far, unable to do anything to stop him. Maybe in another life that would work, but his Rey would never allow herself to be carted off like some damsel in distress. Finally still, his mind began to wonder back to that night and images flashed in his head. His surprise and the anger that followed soon after. “How could you let this happen?! You fucking did this on purpose, didn’t you?!” Her shocked expression quickly turning her eyes cold and hard. “How dare you say that to me, Ben Solo?” He shouted. She cried. He threw something. She slammed a door. They never talked about it. And now she was gone. Notes: Based on the song Unsteady by X Ambassadors So, I am a reader, not a writer. But for the past few days I have not been able to get the idea of this sad, miserable, short story out of my head. It haunts me. I created this cute little aesthetic, hoping to rid myself of the angst. No such luck. So here I am, putting the proverbial pen to the imaginary paper, trying to cleanse myself of all the pain and give it to you guys! Hope you like it! http://yesdnil-lindsey.tumblr.com/post/148772408595/unsteady-x-ambassadors-is-there-already Follow me on Tumblr! http://yesdnil-lindsey.tumblr.com/ Chapter 3 Summary: Ben laid on the bed, blank eyes focused on the ceiling fan that whirled above him. Every so often his eyes would latch onto a single blade, straining to follow its quick rotation. Around and around the blade would spin, his tired eyes following its course, tears leaking from his stubborn refusal to blink. Eventually he would succumb to the urge to briefly close his eyes and in that instant it would be gone, fading into a blur. He did this every night until either his watery eyes would and refuse to reopen or his alarm rang, declaring it morning and time to get out of bed. He hasn't been sleeping much. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Ben laid on the bed, blank eyes focused on the ceiling fan that whirled above him. Every so often his eyes would latch onto a single blade, straining to follow its quick rotation. Around and around the blade would spin, his tired eyes following its course, tears leaking from his stubborn refusal to blink. Eventually he would succumb to the urge to briefly close his eyes and in that instant it would be gone, fading into a blur. He did this every night until either his watery eyes would and refuse to reopen or his alarm rang, declaring it morning and time to get out of bed. He hasn't been sleeping much. It had been three days since she left him and he had still not heard a word from her. Without peeling his eyes from the ceiling fan, he reached out with one had and grabbed his cellphone from where is sat on the night stand. The screen popped on with a tap to the Home button, it’s artificial light brightening the dark bedroom. It took a moment for Ben’s eyes to adjust to the sudden change; he didn’t bother turning on any of the lights anymore. When he was able to see clearly again, he scrolled through his contacts until he found her number and hit Call. This had become his new habit, to call and listen to her sunny voice apologizing for not being able to answer the phone and to please leave her a message. Who was he to deny her such a simple request? He had lost track of how many voicemails he had left over the past three days. Sad voicemails. Angry voicemails. Pleading voicemails. If he was honest, he didn’t want to ever know. I won’t leave a message this time. I just want to hear her voice, then I will try to sleep, he promised himself. Ring... Ring... Ring... “Hello Ben.” The shock of hearing her voice caused him to bolt up in bed. She answered! “Rey! Oh, thank God! You finally answered!” he exclaimed. “Baby, I’m so sorry. Please, please come home. I miss you so much.” “I miss you, too,” she said quietly. Was she crying? His heart twisted. “Please come home, Rey. I’m going crazy without you.” “I can’t,” she whispered brokenly. “Why?” he demanded. “Just tell me what I have to do. I’ll do anything.” His heart thundered in his chest. He was terrified that he was seconds away from hearing her end it, once and for all. He didn’t want to hear her say the words and something inside of him screamed to end the call before she could speak the words that would ruin him. To run away with his hands over his ears. Nuh uh! I can’t hear you! I can’t hear you! But after three long days of silence, he couldn’t hang up the phone if he tried. “You hurt me, Ben.” He gulped past the sudden lump in his throat. His eyes burned. “I’m so, so sorry, Rey,” he repeated. “I need some time to think about us.” Ben lifted his free hand to run over his face and wipe at his wet eyes. “Are you-are you going to leave me?” he stuttered. “No! I-I don’t know,” she sobbed. “I don’t want to break up you. But, I need to concentrate on my classes and my finals right now and I can’t do that with you calling me over and over everyday.” “You can concentrate here! I’ll do whatever you need. Please come home,” he pleaded with her, his voice deepened with desperation. She took a shuddering breath to steady her voice. “We’ll talk once the semester is over,” she promised. “I love you-please-” “Bye, Ben.” “No! Don’t hang up!” he cried, but it was too late. She was already gone. ~*~ Ben sat at the bar, alternating between slowly rotating the bottle of beer in his hands and absentmindedly picking at its label, loosened from condensation and his persistent fingers. He had been surprised to find the old bar nearly empty, the only occupants two hunched over old men, eating sandwiches and drinking big mugs of beer at one end of the bar, and the same old bartender that had worked there as long as he could remember. It felt strange to be there with so few people, to be able to sit at the bar without being crowded and bumped into by eager bodies trying to reach the bar, to actually be able to hear the baseball game playing on the TV above the cash register. So strange. He didn't know why he came here; it wasn't the kind of place that he chose to haunt, much less somewhere he frequented on his lunch hour. But a cold beer in dusty bar had sounded infinitely more appealing than spending his break alone at his desk or joining any of coworkers for a celebratory drink at one of the trendy restaurants by his office. They had already taken enough from him; he wouldn't give them one more second of his free time. Behind him the front door opened, the bright afternoon light streaming in around a figure, illuminating the dust particles floating lazily in the air. Before the door had a chance to slam shut behind the man the bartender let out a booming welcome that resonated through the empty room. "Han Solo!" "Hey Maz," the man called as he made his way towards the bar. Ben felt his shoulders tense as his father took the empty seat next to him. He should've known Han Solo was bound to show up if he came to this particular bar. Maybe you did, a voice murmured inside his head. Ben continued to pick at the label on his beer, listening with half an ear as his father and Maz exchanges pleasantries and discussed the location of his father's best friend and ever present sidekick. Maz placed bottle of beer in front of his father and snatched the now warm one from his hands, replacing it with a cold, full bottle. But not before clucking her tongue and slapping him on the back of the hand for making a mess on her bar. He heard his father chuckle at the move and call out a thank you to retreating bartender. Finally left alone, they sat in silence for a moment, both nursing their beers and pretending to watch the baseball game playing on the TV. This was a game they've played as long as Ben could remember: who could be stubborn longer. He normally won this game; after all, he had inherited his mother’s determination and his father had never learned how to keep his mouth shut for long. But he didn't have it in him to best him in a battle of wills today. The last three months of his life had drained him and he was too tired. "How'd you know I was here?" "A little bird told me," Han said cheekily and took a drag of his beer. "So. I hear congratulations are in order." "How do you already know about that?" Ben said as he turned to his father in surprise. The negotiations for the merger had just finished yesterday; it would be weeks before the news became public knowledge. Han returned his glance with one of comical disbelief, one eyebrow raised. "You know your mother knows everything when it happens." Ben grunted in agreement and turned back to his beer. "The old bastard finally gonna make you partner, then?" Han questioned, refusing to hide his disdain for his son’s boss. Ben didn't mind; Snoke is a bastard. "Probably," he shrugged, "Snoke's retiring." "Good riddance," he spat and raised his bottle in celebration to the news of Snoke's long overdue retirement. Ben raised his own bottle and met his father's in the air before bringing it back to his mouth and taking a long drink. Good riddance, indeed. "So..." Han began. "So." "Conquering the galaxy everything you hoped it would be?" he joked. Ben felt his chest tighten at his father's words. He had to swallow once, twice, past the burning lump in his throat before he could manage to reply. "Oh, yeah. Conquering the galaxy is great, especially when you have no one to share it with you." Is this ever going to get easier? Han paused for a moment at his sons pained voice before continuing in a lowered tone, "Rey still not talking to you, huh?" Ben didn't even question how his father knew about their breakup. His mother must've given him this information, as well. He certainly hadn’t told him. "No," he confirmed, eyes falling down to stare hard at his beer bottle. He had started to pick the label off of this one, too. He hadn't even realized. “Okay, so what’s your plan, kid?” Han asked, attempting to lighten the tense conversation with the use of his childhood pet name for his son. “I don’t have a plan. She said she needs space to think. I’m just trying to do what she wants,” Ben mumbled. One corner of the label was flipped down; he rubbed it upwards, pushing the pad of his thumb hard against it. He hoped his effort would reattach the paper label to sticky glue on the bottle. It stuck for a moment before sagging and then popping back off. Figures. Han snorted. “Oh, yeah? And how well is that working out for you?” Working out? Ben hadn’t seen his girlfriend in twelve days. It had been twelve days. Nothing was working out. He grunted in lieu a verbal reply. “Listen, you two just need to talk. Whatever happened couldn’t have been-” “She thought she was pregnant,” Ben cut off his father’s misplaced reassurances. “Pregnant?” Han said his voice hard. “She isn’t!” Ben quickly assured him. Something in Han’s tone made him feel like a guilty teenager, not a grown man. “She went to the doctor and they told her she wasn’t. She must have missed her period from stress or something- I don’t know- she didn’t tell me.” He was rambling. He didn’t know why he was talking to his father, of all people, about this, but he couldn’t stop the words from falling from his mouth. He felt like a child again. He just wanted his dad, someone, anyone, to tell him what to do to fix this. “Your girlfriend told you she was pregnant and you didn’t even go to the doctor with her?” his father demanded angrily. Han’s anger didn’t surprise his son. Ben was angry at himself, too. He should have been there. He felt like shit. Han always knew exactly how to make him feel like shit. Stop blaming you dad for your mistakes, he heard a voice that sounded an awful lot like Rey’s say. “You don’t have to tell me that I fucked up, okay? I know. I know I should have been there. I didn’t leave work and I let her go by herself to the fucking doctor because I am an asshole and a fucking coward,” Ben fumed. He had been repeating these words over and over to himself for the past twelve days, but it felt good to finally voice them to another human being. Han sighed. “You’re not a coward, Ben. You were scared. A baby is a scary thing. It’s okay to be scared sometimes, son.” Though his words had been meant to soothe, they had the opposite effect of his son. Ben bristled. No, Han was wrong. He is a fucking coward and he let Rey down. The one person who means more than anything to him and he fucking ruined it. Stupid. Coward. Asshole. “Well, I was a fucking asshole to her, too. For days. I asked her if she tried to get pregnant on purpose. No wonder she won’t talk to me. She should just stay away from me. She would be better off.” “Probably,” Han agreed with a sigh. Ben knew it was the truth and he wanted to hear someone agree with him, but it hurt. He figured he deserved it, so he continued twisting the knife in his own chest. “And she would be happier with someone else. Someone who treated her right and didn’t take out their own bullshit on her,” he mumbled. His voice had lost the heat from before and that God awful lump was back in his throat. “I don’t know about that. You may be an asshole sometimes, but Rey is a tough girl. If anyone can handle you, it’s her. And I’ve seen you two together. You make each other happy. Sure, this is rough right now, but it’s not always going to be easy, kid. There are going to be days where you hate each other. Those are just the days that you have to work a little harder.” Ben knew he was only trying to be helpful, but the hypocrisy of his father’s words didn’t sit well with him. “Like you tried so hard with mom? You guys never worked at it! Every time you two would fight you would just leave,” Ben snapped with narrowed eyes. Han winced, but he starred right back at Ben with just as much vehemence in his eyes. “Exactly, I know what I’m talking about. Don’t repeat my mistakes. Do you want to marry this girl someday? Have kids with her?” “Yes. Yes,” Ben said without any hesitation. He did want to marry Rey, have kids with Rey. He wanted everything with her. “Then why are you sitting in a bar, whining to your old man? I don’t care if she said she wants space-you’ve given her enough space. Now you need to go get her back. Talk, fight, apologize- I don’t know. Do whatever it takes to make her forgive you, kid. Because this “space” crap isn’t going to work. Rey is a beautiful, fun, smart girl. You give her too much space and keep moaning about how she deserves someone better and you know what’s gonna happen? Some other guy will try to snatch her up and you’ll end up letting it happen because you’ll think she’s happier. Do you want that to happen?” Ben had never heard his devil may care father speak so passionately to anyone (or about anyone) but his mother. He was a little stunned, to be honest. A little stunned and a lot pissed off. He imagined Rey laughing, kissing, loving some faceless asshole while he grew old behind his desk and died alone. No fucking way. “You’re right,” he said through gritted teeth. This caused a loud bark of laughter to escape Han’s chest. Apparently his passionate mood had passed him and he was back to the happy go lucky old man. “I never thought I would hear those words from you, kid,” he said with a smirk. Ben fumed. Chuckling to himself, Han finished his beer before standing up from the bar. “All right, kid. Stand up and give your old man a hug. I’ve gotta get outta here- gotta go find something to give Luke for his birthday. I swear your uncle is harder to shop for then your mother. Anyone else, a nice bottle of wine, a case of steaks-done. Not Luke. No, he’s gotta be a sober hippy vegan.” Ben laughed at his father’s rambling, despite his sour mood, and did as he was told, standing from the bar and giving his father one of their customary quick hugs. Though their relationship had been strained at times over the years, (Ben had both his mother’s quick temper and his father’s stubbornness, after all), as he grew older and started to calm down, every day he hated his father a little less and a forgave his mistakes a little more. “Thank you, Dad,” he murmured as he hugged his father a little tighten than usual. He didn’t see Han Solo smile. “Anytime, Ben. Anytime." Ben pulled back from his father and cleared his throat, awkwardly sticking his hands into the pockets of his charcoal grey slacks. He had never felt comfortable with public displays of affection and he was acutely aware of how ridiculous they must look. A grown man hugging his father in a dusty old bar in the early afternoon. What a strange situation. If Han Solo shared his sons feelings, he didn't show it. His honest smile had reverted back to his usual roguish smirk as he took in the man before him. He may not have always gotten along with his son and Lord knows he doesn't agree with some of the choices he had made over the years, but the man standing before him made pride swell in his chest. He loved his boy more than anything in the world. "You know, you may be a pain in the ass, but you're my favorite person in the world, kid. I really hope you and Rey figure this out. I kinda like her." "Yeah, I kinda like her, too," Ben agreed, smiling sadly. Han didn't know what to say to this sad version of his son, so he reached up and gently touched his cheek. "You'll get her back, kid. And if you really love her like you say you do, don't let her go again." "I won't," Ben promised, his voice hard. Han held his gaze for a moment longer before nodding his head once and turning away. "Hey, Maz!" he called to the old woman behind the bar, trying (and failing) to pretend that she hadn’t been listening to the heated conversation between father and son. "Put my beer on the kids tab. The kid is a big hot shot now, he can afford to buy his old man a drink!" And with that, Han Solo was gone. Ben watched his father walk away from him, like he had so many times over his life, before he sat back down to finish his beer and reflect on the strange conversation. He'll never admit it, but this time he may have smiled. Notes: Based on the song Unsteady by X Ambassadors So, I am a reader, not a writer. But for the past few days I have not been able to get the idea of this sad, miserable, short story out of my head. It haunts me. I created this cute little aesthetic, hoping to rid myself of the angst. No such luck. So here I am, putting the proverbial pen to the imaginary paper, trying to cleanse myself of all the pain and give it to you guys! Hope you like it! http://yesdnil-lindsey.tumblr.com/post/148772408595/unsteady-x-ambassadors-is-there-already Follow me on Tumblr! http://yesdnil-lindsey.tumblr.com/ Chapter 4 Summary: Han Solo had never been an eloquent man. He wasn’t the guy you went to for words of wisdom or sage advice. A sarcastic comment or a crude joke? Sure, those he was good for. No one ever looked to Han Solo for inspiration speeches. Still, something he said that day inspired his son. Ben had made a mistake. He had acted like an asshole and driven his girlfriend away. But his father was right. If he was going to get her back, it wasn’t going to happen by sitting in a bar and cursing his short comings. Since the day she left he had done little more than feel sorry for himself and wait for her to come back. Ben was done waiting. Now, he just needed a plan. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Han Solo had never been an eloquent man. He wasn’t the guy you went to for words of wisdom or sage advice. A sarcastic comment or a crude joke? Sure, those he was good for. No one ever looked to Han Solo for inspiration speeches. Still, something he said that day inspired his son. Ben had made a mistake. He had acted like an asshole and driven his girlfriend away. But his father was right. If he was going to get her back, it wasn’t going to happen by sitting in a bar and cursing his short comings. Since the day she left he had done little more than feel sorry for himself and wait for her to come back. Ben was done waiting. Now, he just needed a plan. ~*~ Later that evening Ben left work, once again declining an invitation from his coworkers to join them celebration of the successful culmination of the business merger they had all worked so hard on. He knew they must find his repeated refusals to join the revelry rude, but he couldn’t bring himself to care. He didn’t particularly like any of people he worked with. Besides, he had more important things to do. That night he went home and turned on all the lights for the first time in nearly two weeks. He as startled by how dirty he had allowed the apartment to become, seemingly noticing the mess for the first time. He instantly set to work cleaning up the empty beer bottles and take-out food containers, washing the over flowing sink full of dishes, and finally cleaning up the broken glass and now dried flowers from the vase he had thrown at the wall on the night that she left. Cleaning took longer than he anticipated, but when he finished the apartment was fresh smelling and tidy, exactly how Rey liked it. Ben walked into the living room to sit down and relax on the couch with a flash of something pink under the coffee table caught his eye. He knew what it was immediately and his stomach clenched at the memory. I can’t do this anymore. I’m sorry. Please don’t hate me. All of his pain had began with that little pink square. He never wanted to see that thing again; he didn’t even want to touch it. But, he couldn’t just leave it there, either. Quickly, he bent over and snatched the note out from under the table, crumbling it in his fist before he could see the words scribbled on the paper. It felt good to destroy it. It felt even better to walk over and drop the note in the trash can. He sincerely hoped he never saw a pink Post-It Note again. ~*~ The next day Ben received a text message from his father that made him want to take back all the bad things he had ever said about him. Make sure you show up on Sat for your mom&luke’s bday party. Rey will be there. dont tell your mom i told you. You owe me kid. ~*~ The days leading up to his mother and uncle’s birthday party and his subsequent reunion with Rey flew by in a haze of excited anticipation and blinding nervousness. More than once he had to quell panic with reassurances that she wouldn’t be going to an event at his parents house if she still didn’t want to see him. She said that she didn't want them to break up, he reminded himself. She just needed time away from them to concentrate on school. Rey was pragmatic by nature and she took her education very seriously. Having been tossed out of the foster system and forced to fend for herself at the age of eighteen, she had been unable to attend college like a normal teenager. It wasn't until they had been dating for nearly a year that she revealed her desire to become a social worker, with the hope of one day helping all those boys and girls who shared her plight. Though she would never share with him the specifics of her rough upbringing, (it was still hard for her to talk about it), she explained that she, and many other children like her, had suffered from abuse and neglect. She told him horror stories of greedy foster parents who packed their homes full of defenseless children just to get bigger checks from the government, leaving them to fend for themselves once the door slammed shut behind the social workers, lecherous monsters who took pleasure in hurting children, and social workers who turned a blind eye to abuse because reporting it would mean more paperwork. “There were just too many kids in the system and not enough people who want to help them,” she explained. Her stories disgusted him, humbled him, and made him want to punch something, all at once. How was it possible that these kinds of atrocities could go unpunished? What kinds of mistreatment had this amazing girl been forced to suffer that she wasn’t telling him about? He was suddenly ashamed of all the times he moaned and complained about how hard his life was growing up. He never wanted for anything a day in his life and still he was unhappy. Rey, on the other hand, fought and worked for everything she ever had, building herself a life from bits and pieces. Never, ever , losing hope that she was destined for something better. God, she deserved the stars. He immediately began pushing her to start going to school, even going as far as suggesting that she quit her job and let him pay her tuition. She had not responded well to that idea. She yelled at him that she could take care of herself, that he was a misogynist, and that she didn't need anyone to support her. If she wanted to go to college, she would find a way to do it herself, just like she had always done. Ben knew that she could take care of herself. Her self-reliance awed him. Yet he still refused to back down. He had been fortunate enough to escape the curse of student loan debt through scholarships and the generosity of his wealthy parents. Without having to worry about something as tedious as a job, he had been able to put all of his effort into his studies and internships. He had multiple job offers before he graduated law school. She didn't want to hear it, but he was more than capable of supporting them both. Around and around the argument went until finally they reached a compromise: she wouldn't quit her job, but she would cut back to only working on the weekends and over holiday breaks. Ben still thought this was too much, but he begrudgingly accepted when she promised to leave her job if school became too much. As far as him paying her tuition, she flatly refused. She would get student loans, end of story. He didn't like it, but he didn't argue it. I'll just pay them when we're married , he promised himself. Even then he knew; she was it for him. He was aware that she did not relish having to consider another persons opinions when making decisions for herself and she knew that he was only trying to support her in the only way he knew how. It was an awkward, difficult, often loud, discussion, but they both tried hard to find a solution that would satisfy both her need to remain independent as well as his need help and support her. It wasn't easy, but they tried and they made it work. When considering the timeline of their relationship, this was the moment that solidified their bond in Ben's mind. For him, this was when they had ceased being a man and woman dating and instead became a couple. Yes, her education was important to her, but it was important to him, too. She had said she needed space to concentrate and he had respected her wish, not contacting her once in her absence, even though it felt like torture. He did deserve the pain, after all. He finally broke down and texted her on the morning of her first exam. Even though she specifically asked him to not contact her for the time being, the thought of her nervously going into her finals without cheering her on felt wrong. Hey babe. I just wanted to wish you luck on your finals today. I know you’ll do great! He silently debated the pros and cons of adding an ‘I love you’ to the text before finally deciding against it and sending the message. He didn’t want to upset her before her test. He didn’t expect her to message him back, so he slipped him cellphone into the pocket of his slacks and continued getting ready for work. It wasn’t until he checked his phone a few hours later that he saw her reply. Thank you :) It wasn’t much, but it made his heart stutter all the same. ~*~ On Friday night, Ben tried to calm his racing anxiety by flipping through old pictures on his cell phone. They were mostly of Rey, of course. He wasn’t much of a selfie person. He studied each image as it popped up on his phone. In some she was laughing, eyes closed and teeth flashing. A few had been taken when she slept in the bed beside him and she was so peaceful and lovely that he thought he couldn’t possibly love her anymore. He found that he had never seen before, selfies of her making goofy faces. He didn’t know when she had stolen his phone to take them and the surprise made him laugh out loud. Towards the end of his camera roll he found one of both of them that he had completely forgotten about. The picture was taken by his mother on their first Christmas Eve living together. They posed together in front of their brightly decorated tree, both wearing the Christmas Eve present that Leia had brought them: adult sized Star Wars footie pajamas. Yoda for Rey, Darth Vader for him. Leia explained to Rey that she and Han had always given Ben new pajamas on Christmas Eve when he was a child, letting him think he was getting away with something by opening a present early. Ben initially refused to don the silly gift, but Rey quickly convinced him, reminding him that it was a family tradition. It had taken them a good five minutes to stop laughing and calm down enough to take that silly picture. Emboldened by the success of his previous text message, Ben forwarded the picture to her with a message that said, Miss you, I do. The pictures of her beautiful face made him smile and his heart ache. He couldn’t wait to finally see her tomorrow. ~*~ When Saturday finally arrived, Ben was a nervous wreck. It had been over two weeks since he had last seen Rey, even longer than that since she first told him that she told she may be pregnant. He missed her terribly and he didn’t know how he would react to finally seeing her again. He was petrified that he would do something to mess this up. It was something akin to torture, but Ben forced himself to wait until an appropriate time to get ready for the party. He considered drinking to make the time go by faster, but he didn’t trust himself to behave if he had alcohol in his system. He was finally getting a chance to apologize and make things right again. He couldn’t afford to mess this up. An hour before the party was set to begin, Ben allowed himself to get ready. He hopped out of the shower and looked at his face in the mirror. Normally this is when he would shave his face until it was completely smooth, but ultimately decided against it. He hadn’t cared to shave in the past two weeks and he now sported a goatee and mustache. He kind of liked it. Hopefully Rey did, as well. Forty-five minutes later he arrived at his parents house, his stomach in knots. This was it. Ben exited his car, birthday gifts for his mother and Luke in hand. He bought his mother a bracelet that the jewelry store saleswoman promised was a popular gift for women her age and a book of yoga poses for the elderly for his uncle. He knew Luke would get a kick out of it, especially since he could still do a handstand without breaking a sweat. He spotted her the moment he walked into the house. She was standing in the living room with his father and Han’s long time friend, Lando, laughing at something one of the men said. Ben was rooted to the spot as he soaked in her appearance for the first time in almost a month. Her hair was shorter than the last time he had seen her, now worn in soft waves hanging around her face instead of her usual three buns at the back of her head. His chest tightened and his mouth watered when he took in her small floral sundress, tan legs and arms on display. She looked radiant. Finally seeing her in the flesh made him feel like a starving man and she was exactly what he wanted to gorge himself on. Like being pulled to a magnet, his feet began moving in her direction without his consent. He was being pulled into her orbit. A moth to a flame. That is, until his mother spotted him. “Ben, honey! I’m so glad you’re here,” she said as she approached him, forcing him to pull his attention from Rey. “Happy birthday, mom,” he said with a smile, bending down to hug his much shorter mother kiss her cheek. She beamed up at him and grabbed him arm, pulling him into the kitchen with her to find his uncle. He allowed himself to be pulled along with her, only looking back towards Rey had been standing when they rounded the corner. She was gone. ~*~ Ben was beginning to think that his mother was keeping him from speaking to Rey. Every time he so much as wandered out of the room to search for his girl friend, Leia would call him right back to introduce him to a friend that he had already met or listen to Luke tell a story he had heard a thousand times already. He didn’t want to deny his mother anything on her birthday, but he needed to find Rey. He finally managed to escape, feigning the need to use the restroom, only to be cornered by his father in the hallway leading to the family room. “Ben, do your old man a favor,” Han said with his signature grin and a clap on the shoulder. “Dad, I would love to, but I need to find Rey. Do you know where she went?” he said, desperation tinging his voice. Any second now his mother was going to spot him and force him back to her side. “Haven’t seen her since you got here,” Han shrugged. Ben felt his heart sink. No... She couldn’t have left. This was supposed to be his chance to get her back! “Hey, snap outta it, kid. I’m sure she’s still around here somewhere,” Han said. “Now, I need you to go upstairs to your old room and get your mother’s present for me. It’s heavy and I’m not as young as I used to be.” “Yeah, sure,” he said robotically, turning around and heading back towards the stairs leading to the upper floor. He had been so sure that today was the day that she was going to let him apologize, but she had taken one look at him and fled. The hope that he had held onto so tightly all week was deflating at a rapid pace and he couldn’t breathe. She had been standing right there and he had missed his chance. He reached his old bedroom on autopilot, the crisis warring in his mind dulling the world around him. It wasn’t until he was standing in his room that he realized he wasn’t alone. She hadn’t left. She was right there, standing in front of him. He couldn’t believe his eyes. His took a step towards her, unable to control himself. He had been imaging this moment for weeks. At last he was going to be able to apologize, to beg at her feet for her to come home. There were so many things he wanted to say. “You changed your hair.” What?! After weeks of silence, Ben didn’t know what made those words spill from his mouth. She looked as shocked as he felt that this is how he chose to start the conversation and a tiny giggle escaped her mouth as one hand reached up to touch her shorter hair. “Yeah, I guess I needed a change,” she said shyly and tugged on one of her loose curls. Ben practically fell forward at the sound of her voice, a puppet with his strings cut. He dropped to his knees in front of the woman, his face smashed into her stomach, his arms pulling her into his embrace. “I’m so sorry, Rey,” he sobbed. “I was such an asshole. I should’ve been there-I should’ve been with you at the doctor’s office. I never should’ve said you tried to get pregnant on purpose. Please forgive me.” He was in heaven when her arms wrapped around his head, pulling him tighter to her body, but then she was tugging at his hair. “Ben, stand up,” she whispered. It had been so long. He couldn’t let her go. “Please, Ben. Stand up.” He didn’t want to, but he let go of her and stood up, only to have her take a step backwards away from him. “Rey, please,” he begged, trying to pull her to him, unsuccessfully. He was suddenly terrified of what she was going to say. “No, Ben. I have something I need to say and I can’t do it with you pulling on me like that,” she said sternly. He felt like he was going to be sick. “Okay, Rey. I’m listening,” he promised, fisting his hands at his sides in an effort to keep them to himself. She looked at him dubiously for a moment, as if she didn’t quite trust him not to make a grab for her the second she got too close. Finally seeming to trust his oath, she closed her eyes and pulled in a slow, steading breath. “You really hurt me, Ben.” “I’m so-” he immediately began to apologize, only to be shushed. “Hey, I’m speaking,” she scolded, a finger raised in warning. He fell silent at once. “I know you’re sorry. I have a hundred voicemails of you saying you’re sorry. The problem is I don’t even think you know why I was upset in the first place.” He wanted to ask her what she meant, but he was afraid to speak again. “It wasn’t only about you being a prick about the pregnancy thing and then not coming to the doctor’s office. Which was humiliating, by the way. I kept telling them that you were on your way, that you must be stuck in traffic, then I finally pretended that you texted me and said you were stuck at work. I made that nurse wait and wait and then I wasn’t even pregnant. I felt like an idiot,” she said, tears shining in her eyes. Ben knew he was an asshole, but in that moment he hated himself. He wanted to apologize again, but she continued speaking. “That really sucked. Do you remember what you did when I told you I wasn’t pregnant, Ben? You just said, ‘Oh, good.’ That was it. You didn’t ask what happened, or how I felt, or anything! I was such a mess: mad at you, embarrassed from what happened at the doctor’s office, scared from thinking I was pregnant, not to mention stressed out from school. And you just said, ‘Oh, good.’” She was freely crying now, tears falling down her cheeks in quick succession. Ben couldn’t stand it anymore; he strode towards her and pulled her into his arms. The revelation of all the pain he caused her stole the words from his mouth. He didn’t know what to say to make this better, so he didn’t say anything. One of his larges hands cradled her head against his chest, the other rubbing up and down her back in a soothing manner. She held onto him tightly and sobbed into his chest, soaking the front of his shirt with her tears. Minutes passed while they stood there in each others arms, drawing comfort from each other. He didn’t speak again until her sobs subsided into hiccups. “I am so sorry, Rey. I can’t even begin to express how sorry I am.” Her arms squeezed around his middle and he felt her nod her head against his chest. A moment later he heard her mumble the words that he dreamt of hearing for weeks. “Can we go home now?” He let out an awful half laugh, half groan against her hair and crushed her to him even further. “Yes, please.” ~*~ Epilogue Ben awoke to the sound of his alarm, swiftly reaching over to silence the noise before it could wake the woman sleeping beside him. He ran a soothing hand over her bare shoulders and back when she began to wake. “Shh... You don’t have to be up yet, baby,” he whispered and leaned over to press a kiss you the skin on her back. He smiled at her form when she settled back into sleep. It had been a month since she came back to him. He still had trouble believing that she was there, that she really came back to them. He took a quick shower before dressing and heading to the kitchen to start a pot of coffee. While the coffee brewed, Ben unzipped his brown leather carry on bag, checking the contents one last time: passports, ear buds, flight and hotel information. Everything was packed and ready to go. Unable to stop himself, he unzipped the interior pocket of his bag and pulled out the small velvet box containing his grandmother’s engagement ring. He just wanted to look at it one more time. The next time he saw it, he would be asking Rey to marry him. Maybe it was too soon. Maybe he should wait until the wounds from their separation had a chance to fully heal. Maybe the time wasn’t right. Maybe she would say no because she still didn’t trust him not to hurt her again. Ben could think of a million maybes about why he shouldn’t ask her be his wife, but none of his reasons were enough to sway him away from what he wanted to do. She had left him once and it nearly wrecked him. He had known he was going to marry this girl for a long time. She was it for him. So why wait any longer? A smile spread across his face as he snapped the box shut, shoving it back into the hiding spot in his bag. He was done waiting. Notes: I can not begin to thank everyone of you who read, commented, or gave kudos to this dumb little story. Thank you, thank you, thank you. Rey's Yoda Pajamas https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/71/bd/10/71bd10697e8e2d1e6919718d0f867bc9.jpg Ben's Darth Vader Pajamas http://www.eknightmedia.com/media/catalog/product/cache/1/image/500x500/5e06319eda06f020e43594a9c230972d/4/1/41X9XUQh1YL.jpg