As war mustered unforgivably in the east, William sat in his parlour and drank tea. He rested the cup against his lip, smelling the sweetly brewed drink. His nose caught the hint of Jasmine, an import from lands he’d never had the privilege of seeing in his short few years. Though the army had sent him wayward in Britain and Ireland, venturing further outside the strictly held boundaries of other nations seemed like such disallowed freedom. He sighed against the dark liquid, gently creating a breeze too cool it off before his father arrived to join him for afternoon tea. His sisters already sat around him like a court to a King. He’d be tried for treason against King George if he spoke too loud about his fantasies of ruling, so he kept those thoughts somewhere safe in his head as he watched his little sisters decorate each other’s hair. It had created peace, somehow. His sister’s, especially the young twins, sang beautiful hymns as snow had started to flurry beyond the window. William couldn’t stop himself from watching, it followed him, captivated a picture that was something unlike most places of the striking British countryside. And then his father walked through the heavy oak doors. ‘William,’ he said loudly. Like a scolded child he peered over the couch and looked upon the man standing just across from him with several large declarations of engagement in his hands. His father had the persona of a storm; angry, violent and brash. A man of great intelligence but also of tradition, thunder and terror. And he had a place in William’s head no matter how hard he tried to venture away from the thunderous rumbling that seemed to follow his father’s steps. He hoped for the flurries of snowflakes, for the hope and the clarity. But instead, he was stricken. ‘Father,’ he replied. ‘Have you seen the snow?’ He nodded gently, though didn’t look impressed with William’s attempt to veer him away from his visit. ‘I have. Such strange weather for this time of the year,’ he said and moved young Alice from her seat and onto his lap. ‘Though it is much enjoyable for the younger members of the house, it give us men the time to talk about more important business.’ William sat up and wrapped his hands around the warmth of the tea cup. ‘You know why I’m here,’ his father continued. William nodded gently. ‘I suggest you’ve gotten more of those blasted marriage proposals.’ ‘You are thirty and one years old, William. There should be no more proposals. You should be already married and with children on the way. There are no more excuses,’ he scolded. William looked back out the window to find comfort but found it replaced by the horrible truth. ‘Who are they?’ he asked after a brief silence. ‘My suitresses, I mean.’ His father placed down five sheets of paper in front of him. All of them had been overlooked by the other side of the marital pact and signed by one or more of their parents. Each also contained a beautifully painted, small portrait of the person who would marry him. William sighed to himself as he picked up each one, reading ahead as his father read out the names. Countess Deneuve , a pretty French princess, young and marked down as fertile. Most of it was lies, he knew that much as she was known for her occasional slip of infidelity. William placed her sheet down the moment he saw her name. A revolting creature. He didn’t need bastards in his house. Duchess Bertram, the raven whore. Nestled in the deepest parts of Scotland. There were too many rumours about that woman. William knew some of the men who’d kept her bed warm. He passed her quickly. Baroness Goodwill , a name that suited her as much. She was a young and timid girl who shied away most of her time in her estate near London. A candidate at least, William thought, though he was estranged by the rather large gap in their age. Duchess Maffei , Italian if he could remember. She was sweet and kind and prosperous. A suitress once suggested to his brother before he married a commoner. William kept her sheet beside him as he picked up the last. . . Lord Benjamin Solo . . . the omega whore. ‘Is this meant to be a joke?’ he asked, referring to the picture of the seated man in his hands. His father pursed his lips together. ‘The Solo house is of a high standard. Lady Solo is from the Organa lineage and the Lord is from a history of good breeding. I had to put it in for account, I wouldn’t expect you to actually pick him.’ ‘Their son already has three children from outside a bond or marriage. And some say it’s with three different men. Surely he isn’t a suitable candidate. He’s unclean,’ William gave the picture a worthy glance though, and in those captivatingly painted brown eyes he saw pain. The position he held himself in was uncomfortable and unworthy. Like he was desperate to get out of the tight black clothes that hung to his thin and famished frame. And his face. . . it held such youth and beauty and captivated him, something the other women had failed at doing. He was like an angel almost; beautiful white skin and contrasting ebon hair. He would make a painting truly laudable of hanging on the wall or inside a trinket that William would cherish. As his father rambled on he gently traced the picture with his thumb, running it over the man’s lips. So plush and reddened. The artist had done some justly commendable work. ‘Ben,’ he found himself saying. The name felt nice on his tongue, light and gentle and unaccented. He wondered how this man in front of him sounded, how the words would look falling from his lips. ‘Father, I would like to have a meeting with this Lord Solo,’ he said once he noticed his father had finished. ‘I find him rather appealing.’ ‘Appealing?’ his father asked. ‘The boy is a whore. What could be so appealing about that?’ William reached over and showed his father the painting. ‘Look at him. How can you say he’s not attractive?’ ‘Well, that’s not for me to say,’ he said. William rolled his eyes. ‘I advise you not to pick him, William. Having three bastard children is just a nuisance.’ ‘Father, you told me that he’s a good breed. And all the other women don’t suit my standards. . . I want Ben.’ ‘His family are just looking for a way to lift themselves back up to grace. You shouldn’t fall in love with him. The marriage would mostly likely be loveless and sterile. And that’s the trick. When you don’t give him heirs, his children can take whatever the please from us. That’s how they win.’ ‘I doubt they’ve thought about it like that,’ said William, though he wasn’t even sure himself. Families were known to deceive and cheat their way into power. There was usually a daily scandal about different Houses moving up and down in society. The Solo household was a prime example. After their son birthed a child without any known husband or bond, their house was quickly shamed and their son, Ben, was known to the public as a common whore. Of course, everyone believed the rumours and gossip that surfaced. Anything people could get their hands on was published in the newspapers for everyone to see and talk about. Now they struggled to receive the respect they once got so easily. Fewer families associated themselves with them each time their son birthed a new child. They were desperate. ‘You don’t know what goes on behind the minds of people you think you may know,’ his father answered simply. William struggled with the thought of that. He wanted to trust the Solo’s again but society was against them, and if society was then he was expected to just follow. It sometimes felt like sheep to a shepherd. And William longed to be the shepherd. ‘Be reasonable William, you cannot relate yourself with such an omega. Please, don’t marry Ben Solo.’ ‘Then convince me to another,’ said William. His father sighed heavily. ‘I need not to convince you. I am the head of this house and your father so you will do as I say. These other omegas are discreet, they’ll be loyal to us and they’ll give you excellent heirs.’ ‘That is such an arrogant and selfish thing to say,’ he snapped. ‘Learn to live in this arrogant and selfish world, William.’ He left Alice on the chair as he got up, pondering as he walked over the window that was fogged with prevailing mist. The day had surely taking a turn for the worst and his father asked for the maid to fetch the rest of the children before it got to dark to play. The break in the discussion was just what William needed. He finally allowed himself to slouch, throwing his head back against the soft shawl that covered the couch. ‘So Bradley has Lady Proctor, Marianne has Count Wilton and you shall have Duchess Maffei. How does that sound?’ his father turned to him and asked. William’s eyes trailed back to their pictures. ‘I don’t want to marry Duchess Maffei, father. I want Ben and I shall have him.’ His father looked battled. He could see that he was surprised, usually William had the right mind not to go against his father in such a stormy mood. Though in conversation of his future he found he had nothing else he could do but protest. ‘Not as long as I live and govern this House,’ his father said and meant it. Though William quickly retorted, ‘Then I hope your breaths aren’t many.’ The sting of a slap rang throughout the room and William cried out in pain. ‘Don’t you talk like that to me, you insolent brat!’ William looked away shamefully and kept his head down on the dust moving on the floor with the wind. “Now you will marry Duchess Maffei whether you like it or not, do you understand?’ his father shouted. William nodded. ‘Do you understand ?’ his father shouted again, pronouncing each word. ‘Y-yes.’ ‘William Robert Hux if you don’t address me with respect, so help me I will-“ ‘ Yes , father! Yes, I understand. I will marry Duchess Maffei!’ Thankfully, his father settled again. ‘Good,’ he said. ‘Now you understand. You are my heir, William. I can’t have you straining. I need you to flourish the Hux lineage, not ruin it.” William nodded gently, ‘Of course, father. I will do my duty.’ ‘Then go, my boy! Arrange a ball to be held tomorrow fortnight. And invite your suitors to tell them the good news,’ his father boasted. William nodded quickly and bowed, leaving before he drowned in the dangerously rising tension. William scurried and took refuge in the library, one of his favourite retreats in this roomful and almost solitary house. Despite their being so many people roaming around corridors, the maids and servants, his step mother and father and his eight other siblings, William found that the further away he got from the patter of small feet on creaky wooden floors, the more isolated and lonely the house became. Though William didn’t mind the quietness, in fact he rather loved the peace, it was still a change from when his mother was here and every room was filled with a familiar and comforting feeling of her. He still missed her smile and her kindness as any little boy would, though now she was dead, the comfort gone, and he was left with the thoughts of a wife he didn’t want. ‘William,’ a soft voice called his name and for a foolish moment he thought it was his mother. ‘Marianne,’ he greeted. ‘I heard father has proposed you to marry soon,’ his young sister sighed deeply and in that light she had the very same face as their mother. ‘You illustrate the same stubbornness of our father.’ ‘And you exhibit the very same likeness of our mother, my dear sister. Tell me, how have managed to obtain such beautiful feature so late in life?’ “William, you bastard!’ she slapped his arm playfully. ‘At least I am not yet thirty and I am married, unlike some people. Brother, father searched far for these women. Would you not at least love just one?’ ‘Far? Most of the women he chose were whores. The furthest he looked was the brothel on the docks. Marianne, I can’t. I looked at dear Ben and I longed for him. What matter is it if he already has young? It only means that he is healthy to have mine.’ ‘You really are as stubborn as he,’ he followed her gaze to the window. Outside the panes of glass were the most Eastern Gardens that had recently began to flourish. There were white flowers that they loved blooming beautifully, making the roses looking almost pale in comparison. Marianne used to give directions herself to the gardeners as to how exactly she wanted her precious flowers to be grown and when they were she would pick the most candid ones to enliven their otherwise unadorned house. But this was several years ago. Now, she was a woman, and gardening wasn’t an affordable luxury nor was it appropriate of her: a wife, a mother. ‘And even with that said, I can’t oppose him,’ William said sadly and looked back at her. Marianne fiddled with her hands, almost pulling the gloves off her fingers. ‘You could, however. . .’ she said and trailed off. William looked at her like she was mad and he thought as such. He knew that it would be impossible for his father would let him win, especially when the future of their family name and reputation was at stake. He thought that maybe she knew something that he didn’t, or perhaps she’d heard something that he’d let slip. Had their father shown any weaknesses? Was he planning to surprise Hux and allow to let him marry the one he wanted? Her pause annoyed him because he needed answers. ‘What do you mean?’ he asked when she wouldn’t tell him. ‘Brother,’ she turned to face him eye to eye, for what she could, ‘you are his heir and he will listen to you. Use your persuasion. Seduce Ben and leave father with no choice then to have you marry him.’ William inched forward. ‘Are you telling me to get Ben pregnant?’ ‘No, no! I’m telling you to use your head and come up with a plan,’ she sighed. ‘Father is traditional. He wants you to acquaintance your bride before you marry, right?’ William nodded and his sister continued, ‘Then go to Ben instead of Duchess Maffei. Scent him, or bond with him, make it so father can’t do anything about it. After all, Lord Solo is still a suitor in question until you tell him otherwise.’ He looked at the window again and his sister’s plan made sense to him. But would it work? Was their father that stupid? He turned away before his father caught him studying the gardens and reprimanded him about an Alpha’s “ appropriate behaviour ”, which rigorously excluded anything that could make them appear weak or feminine. Everything Omega in a few words. And it wasn’t dictated that Alphas were forbidden to mingle in such hobbies, such as simply walking the gardens or gazing out a window, however his father was one for strong messages and a solid public appearance. ‘William,’ Marianne said and his thoughts were lost. ‘Whatever you do, whatever happens, he will love you for it.’ She reached over and kissed his cheek gently before she took her leave, the small girl accompanying her following suit after she too bid him goodbye with small and clumsy curtsy. He watched her leave and wished she would stay and help him. What was hard enough would be harder on his own, and now he had a ball to plan. In the painful weeks that followed William waited with little haste for letters to arrive to his desk. Many of his suitress’ replied once he’d sent out the invitations. Duchess Bertram had a letter sealed and sent from the moment his had been taken away by his maid. He’d expected so much from a woman whose only intention was to trick a gentleman into her devilish bed chambers. He’d seen many a man who had the very same energy for such sexual desires and even she would be able to exhaust them all if she could. A Lady such as she needed no more introductory. He had to admit, however, that he was quite thrilled to see young Baroness Goodwill’s letter return through his door. And maybe a little more excited than not to see a reply from Duchess Maffei. His father had been already planning a service to be held as soon as possible in the church by St. Catherine’s. William would’ve liked to have spat at him instead of discussing a wedding that seem latent to take place, though his father assured him that his marriage to the Italian Duchess would fair their house a good favour. And that’s all it was about. Money . He sighed against his hand, gloved still from being out hunting with Bradley and some of his father’s brothers that had paid a sweet and unexpected visit. It would be a scandalous affair if anyone saw how Uncle Graham had looked at his father’s young wife. Though William never was one for unnecessary gossip, especially when he’d been victim to its torture one too many times. It seemed that people wanted to endless pair him with any sweet and willing omega all over London. Some had even placed him so low as to call him a ‘regular’ visitor to a whorehouse. He’d never set foot inside such a filthy place and he wasn’t planning to either. ‘A letter, brother,’ he recognised the voice of his sweet sister Ida, and he looked back to greet her. Like his father she was unfortunate enough to have a somewhat striking shade of ginger hair, though her smile was the very same as her mother’s. Not his own, though she was still as much of a sister to him as Marianne was. ‘Who is it from?’ he asked. ‘Am I right to presume that another one of my suitress’ has decided to reply to me with sweet words as fake as they may be.’ Ida laughed softly. ‘You should’ve been a poet, brother.’ ‘Father wouldn’t have the mind to let me be so creative. So, who is this letter from?’ ‘I wouldn’t know what’s inside,’ she started, ‘but I am inclined to tell you that this one is from Countess Deneuve.’ He took the sealed letter from her, stamped with the Deneuve signature red emblem and decorated with pretty French words that he’d bother with after he’d read her approval. And, as he’d expected, her English was plain and to the point. All he needed was a yes and he’d got it quite plainly in the first line of the letter. ‘. . .Ida, has there been word from one Benjamin Solo?’ he asked slowly, reading the letter once more as to make sure he’d understood. Ida shook her head. ‘I haven’t seen any letters for you other than this one here. Are you expecting him?’ ‘Yes, or rather I’m excited to see him again. We used to play together as boys.’ ‘I suppose father cut him off when the rumours started,’ she said. He sighed. ‘We were once in contract to be bonded. Then he became pregnant so obviously out of wedlock and with another man, so father cut them off. He would have none of Lady Solo’s pleading. I was so angry that I almost started to believe the whispers that circulated about him.’ ‘They called him a whore, didn’t they? They said his children were all from different men.’ ‘Yes,’ he spoke softly, as if whispering would somehow dissolve the awful image they made of Ben Solo. ‘Though I wouldn’t believe a word of it. Those rumours were merely put in place to try and embarrass the poor boy before he even got a chance to breath.’ ‘And now father doesn’t want him at the party because he thinks they are unworthy of gaining their reputation? Surely the better man would try and do everything he could to at least help them,’ she said angrily. William could see her growing frustration. ‘But alas, my dear sister, father is not the better man. He’s been grumpy and solemn ever since the boys died. Even before that, if I bothered to document.’ ‘George was his joy,’ Ida erupted with jealously. She’d always felt it towards her older brother who’d doubled as her biggest rival at youth. His death had depressed their father, he became a changed man ever since his prized third alpha son fell into the lake on a hot and sticky summer evening. And for the four long years that followed, their father had become an even scarier man then he was before. No one dared to mention little George, the prodigal son, or young Edwin who soon followed him to the grave. One would be even more foolish to bring up the babe Brendol, who was so disgustingly, to their father at least, an omega. ‘And now George is gone, and so is Edwin. He always had me and Bradley, he should’ve been satisfied enough with us but he wasn’t. Father is a selfish man.’ It was a reassurance to William that his father would not get the better of him this time and that Ben would be his eventually. If he said yes, of course. He’d yet to get his letter of approval. ‘He is,’ Ida agreed. ‘With nine healthy children left, you’d have thought he’d be grateful.’ ‘Anyone else would,’ William sighed and put the letter safely where only he could find it. ‘Now, shall we go for dinner?’ As they walked from William’s study, his father’s valet approached and quickly handed him a letter still encased within an envelope. Which meant his father hadn’t fumbled to see what it read, surprising, since his greed and pry usually got the better of him. He snapped the seal quickly and scuffled for the parchment. Inside it lay the House of Solo emblem and a beautifully written, though not Ben’s writing he noticed, approval of his invitation. He smiled widely, visibly lighting up with excitement. ‘A letter?’ Marianne asked as she passed him with a slight grin. Ida teased softly, ‘Now who could that be from?’ ‘My life depends on these words, dear sisters,’ he said. ‘An approval from his mother is better than none at all!’ ‘And an approval from father is what counts the most,’ his brother, Bradley, chimed. William rolled his eyes, too encased in the letter in his hands and the thoughts of finally seeing Ben again. ‘He will approve,’ he said, mostly too himself. ‘He has too.’ Notes: Hope you enjoyed, comments are much appreciated :) You can find me at Tumblr here: http://doverdameron.tumblr.com/