Fragile Clay The very first time he spoke to you was on the battlefield. You clutched your blaster near your stomach, your hold on the weapon incorrect, as you hid behind a fallen tree. Kylo Ren paused in his pursuit of the Resistance to survey you. He could not say what, exactly, had stirred an interest within him. Countless many had been in your position before this. Scared, wide-eyed; had never before witnessed a comrade being torn open by blaster fire. The puddle between your legs spoke volumes. In some ways, he could not say he blamed you. The fallen officer to your left was merely a heap of gore; skull exposed where the blast had decimated his face. His entrails leaving his body through another of his wounds. Your trembling hands worked to correct your grip, and yet you could not bring yourself to succeed. Anyone else he would likely have left for dead. With you, however, Kylo Ren stepped closer. His strides were long, even—confident; that was the first observation you made. You blinked repeatedly up at him, and he tilted his head whilst squatting in front of you. “S-s-sir…sorry…I… I pissed…my…self… Uhm…” You gulped, first swallowing your saliva and then drawing air into your lungs. “Sorry.” “You wet yourself…when you shot the man who did this.” This—your fallen comrade, his shredded remains. You nodded dumbly, felt your entire body seize up, and forced yourself to breathe through the moment. “The stormtroopers who were with you—they abandoned you?” “To…to complete…the, uh, mission…sir,” you managed to stutter out. “You were the one to hold the codes.” “They, uhm…fuck…they made me give them…the…c-codes, sir.” “At the expense of your life?” “I’m willing to—shit, man—uhm… Sir, I’m willing to…die…for the mission’s success.” “I see.” It was uncharacteristic of him to touch someone, and yet he seized your upper arm and pulled you to your feet. With a single shove, he started you forward, urging you to walk on your own two, shaky feet. You obeyed, stumbling and still holding your weapon incorrectly. For the remainder of the mission, Kylo Ren did not utter a single word to you. He barked out orders to others, and you quietly trailed along behind him. Your pants wet, your mind in a fog. The second time he spoke to you, it was after you had been returned to safety. He trailed along behind you, that expressionless mask pointed in your direction. You ducked your head, your eyes on your pants and your hands now empty of the blaster that had been turned in. “The shower,” he uttered when you nearly passed by the refresher door. You took a few steps backwards and obeyed. You stripped out of your urine-stained clothing and wrinkled your nose as you did so. The hot spray of water bit at your flesh in a manner that had you taking a step in retreat. Boot steps on the other side of the curtain allowed you to know that you weren’t alone. “You may…sit if you need to.” You wondered if he was meaning to be comforting due to kindness, or if he was simply guiding you through the motions to prevent a total breakdown. You lowered yourself onto your knees, and it was only then that you noticed your teeth were clattering against one another. “Sorry, sir,” you muttered, just loud enough so that he would be able to hear you. “There is no shame in dying for the First Order…and yet your death would have been unnecessary. The Stormtroopers were attempting to take an easy route…meanwhile exposing you to danger…when you still held the codes.” “Should they have killed me, sir?” you asked, reaching yours hands forward and cupping them together to gather some of the spray. There was a pause, and you wondered if he was considering your words. Perhaps weighing the odds. “I would have understood it…if they had…” “You should not have been left there. You are in a position above them…and yet you allowed weakness to interfere.” You flinched at his matter-of-fact tone. Dropping your hands so that the water splashed down to the ground with all the other hot liquid of its kind, you squeezed your eyes closed. “You value yourself so little…” This coming from someone so powerful. Of course you felt like an insect in comparison to him. So small. And yet to those ‘troopers? You had been so shocked by the death of your fellow officer that you had allowed them to leave you for dead. As though your life held no value at all. You set the heel of your hand against your forehead, threading your fingers through your hair. Your other arm was wrapped around your legs, which you had drawn up to your chest after adjusting your position to prevent your limbs from falling asleep. “I’m sorry, sir.” You thought back to your parents, the way your father had always seemed as though he would have preferred a son. “A princess…” “Hmm?” “N-nothing, si—“ “A princess?” You had believed he had not heard your whisper. Now you found yourself wishing it had stayed in your head completely. “A princess is not meant to be weak. She is strong for her people…fragile for the sake of appearances. To have enemies underestimate her. In reality she would be as quick witted as a smuggler. As formidable as a soldier.” “A smuggler?” Why your mind had latched onto that, you were uncertain. Kylo Ren released a strange noise through his mask. As though perhaps he wanted to take back his words. “A princess and a smuggler…could you imagine?” You moved under the water, wetting your hair so that you could properly wash it. Your superior did not respond to your inquiry, and you supposed that it could have been taken as rhetorical. You massaged your scalp, lathering up the shampoo before at last rinsing it off. It was when you reached for the washcloth and started to soap it up that you felt a light breeze of air on your back. A shadow in the shape of Kylo Ren’s form eclipsed you. Your eyes were on the wall in front of you, staring at that darkness. “You’re fragile…” His modulator made it impossible to tell if he spoke this with disgust or with a sense of passivity. You pressed the washcloth to your chest and started to scrub yourself. “It’s horrible, isn’t it? People aren’t supposed to be glass… Tiny pieces always chipping off.” Again there was a blanket of silence that wrapped itself around the pair of you. This was disturbed only by the hissing of air and the spray of the water. A loud thunk of something metal hitting the tile floor had you dipping your chin. You were too nervous to look over your shoulder completely. More-so when you could hear the rustle of clothing. You had never realized how many layers he wore. His robes, his armor. Whatever clothing lay underneath. You washed your body whilst listening to it all. “Having to glue things back together, but it’s never the same. We should be more fluid-like, able to take on numerous forms.” You knew the moment his feet were bare by the wet sound they made against the tile. The small splashes as he walked closer to you. His shadow grew smaller on the wall in certain respects, larger in others—more defined. “Maybe we could even grow in volume if, at some point, a lot of what we are is taken away. I don’t want to be like glass, sir.” His naked chest was against your back, and you felt as though you would shatter instantly. Kylo Ren set his hands—so large—on your hips before trailing them upwards, cupping your breasts. You released a ragged breath, the washcloth slipping from your hand and falling noisily to the floor. His mouth was on your neck. This man, whose face you still had never seen, touched you so deeply with how he handled you—a man who could kill, yet was suddenly so tame while at the same time allowing passion to overtake him. He spun you around, pinning you against the shower wall and slamming his mouth atop yours. You moaned, his hands on your thighs, winding your legs around him so that his hard cock could press against your cunt. His body undulated against yours, much like a wave. Your mind was wrapped up in the sensation of the motion, and you did not realize you were whispering out pleas for him to enter you until he obliged. Your eyes shot open, and you were met with a pool of darkness. As your vision came into focus, the brown of his eyes swam into view. Your mouth was hanging open, and you were clutching at him with all of your body. “This isn’t glass,” he said. The sound of his real voice had you in as much a state of shock as his appearance had left you. “Clay. You’re moldable—your body yielding to mine.” His pupils were dilated so much that you nearly drowned in them. The calm manner in which he was speaking had you nodding your head in agreement; and you believed you would have agreed to anything he said. He lifted a hand, cupping your jaw, his thumb pressing against your cheek before sliding to your bottom lip, pulling it down and revealing your teeth. He thrust in and out of you slowly, his eyes widening and narrowing as he took in your every reaction to his body. You felt yourself slicking around him—stars, how full he made you feel. How complete. You moved your head the slightest bit, your bottom lip popping wetly back into place over your gums and teeth. “Sir, I…” You gulped, pressed closer to him so that your breasts were firmly against his chest, and dug the tips of your fingers into his shoulder blades. “I’m moldable, but—“ “I’ve seen your file.” He spoke as though it did not matter; such an odd feeling, one that caused your heart to stutter in your chest. Kylo Ren wound his hand into your hair, tugging back on it and further exposing your neck. You felt his teeth, knew he was marking you, and you groaned, bucking up into him and trying to increase the pace at which he was fucking you. “Mortality is everyone’s weakness,” he whispered in your ear as his entire body trembled in orgasm. You clutched at him once more, your bottom lip quivering. “Allowing it to consume you is where foolishness begins.” He broke away from you, rinsing off and then redressing as you completed your shower. You pressed three fingers to your lips as you thought of how he had handled you. Even on the battlefield he had to have known it—that you were dying. And yet he had not allowed this to dissuade him from leading you out of there alive, from allowing an asset of the First Order to be lost for no reason at all. No reason, that is, other than pure foolishness. The third time he spoke to you was in medbay. Though there was no cure for your condition, there were medications that helped to manage the symptoms, to prolong your life. Your condition had not been discovered until after you were already an officer, which had led you to believe that you would have been discharged or else rejected had you not yet completed your training. As it was, you were likely to die before any sort of pension could be established. That morning you had vomited multiple times, and so had an IV affixed to your left arm to help keep you hydrated. You laid on your side, blinking your eyes and trying to figure out whether or not you were hallucinating the crouching figure mere feet away. Kylo Ren tilted his head to the side when you pinched your lips tightly together. “Sir?” “Such a brave face…telling the nurse that you feel fine enough to work. I can see it though…” He chuckled, your name escaping him. You lowered your eyes to his feet. “Your mind cannot hide the truth from me.” “Sometimes it’s nice to pretend.” You brushed at a spot at the side of your nose that itched. “I believe that’s one reason children often listen to fairytales…act them out.” “Mm…” He leaned his head back a fraction of an inch. “One would not believe a smuggler would engage in anything so noble as rescuing a princess.” “What?” Your face broke out into a smile. “What are you talking about, sir?” “A smuggler…in it for the money…and yet he falls in love with a princess.” “A smuggler and a princess…” you repeated. Kylo Ren gave a small nod of his head, which you nearly missed. “And what sort of place would they meet in?” “Perhaps a trash compactor.” You could not hold back your laughter. Soon you covered your mouth with a hand. “They were nearly crushed to death.” You literally choked then snorted when again you caught your breath. “Always bickering at first… A lowly smuggler with a princess.” “That’s fantastic.” “Is it?” “Yes, sir.” You curled up your right arm under your head, propping yourself up a bit more. “I like it… I like this story, sir.” It was nearly two months later and perhaps the tenth time you have spoken with him when you were in his bed. Your back to him, a scowl on your face. Kylo Ren was dressed in only his pants, whereas you are naked underneath the sheets. Though it was well past three hours into sleep cycle, you found that your mind was racing too much to allow you to rest. Not even more to tale of the Princess and Smuggler had helped to relax you. “Is it because I’m dying?” you asked. It was a question that had been circulating in your head for weeks. “It makes it easy, right? You don’t have to be afraid of falling in love with me…because I’ll be dead anyway.” Kylo Ren twisted his body, shifted closer, and spooned with you. He was ruthless on the battlefield. Passive or else sarcastic in most other cases. Yet with you there was a certain level of tenderness, moreso after sex. “Maybe.” And that was another thing. He was bluntly honest, even when it could be hurtful. Yet you were not hurt by those words; you did not even flinch. You looked over your shoulder at him. “It makes it easier to love someone…and harder. Knowing I won’t have to deal with the consequences…but also wondering how much they’re going to hurt when I’m gone. I don’t even know if this is love—or anything close to it.” Your mind wandered to the fairytale he had not yet finished for you. A Smuggler and a Princess, which for some reason almost sounded familiar. You placed the back of your hand to your forehead. Warm. You felt warm. This did not exactly surprise you. The doctor had informed you that you had overexerted yourself on the mission. Sex, perhaps, had not been the wisest of choices you had made; that had not stopped it from being the most enjoyable. Rolling over so that your back was no longer to him, you dipped your head towards his chest, running your tongue along his nipple. He hissed, his hand going to the back of your neck. You shuddered at the touch. Though this time, due to your wearied state, he had been gentle, you had discovered that Kylo Ren enjoyed a certain amount of roughness in sex. Pinning you down. Leaving light bruises—and yet if ever you gave the slightest hint that you were not enjoying a current action, he switched course. This time you only released a light moan at the sensation of him cupping your neck. It made you feel alive , how Kylo Ren suddenly rolled you over and pinned your wrists above your head with nothing more than a single hand. It caused adrenaline to rush through you. It never made you feel trapped, being under him. Pinned by him. Held down. Your mind flashed briefly to the fairytale; the smuggler was encased in carbonite. “Does it end badly?” His grip faltered for but a moment, his brow furrowing. “For the princess and the smuggler. Do things end badly?” His eyes darted down your body in a sort of distracted manner. “The ending doesn’t always matter,” he said at last. “Well,” you said, tilting your head to the side as best you could in the position he had you, “sex without an orgasm isn’t nearly as pleasant…so it sometimes does.” Kylo Ren crushed his pelvis into yours. You swallowed thickly, biting down on your bottom lip to hold back a swear. “You… I suppose you have never left me disappointed, sir.” “Sir,” he said with a snort. In bed, you had taken to calling him Kylo . Otherwise it was Lord Ren, Commander, or sir. “Could you handle a tragic ending?” “I suppose that depends upon your definition of tragic. If it’s that they die… You already told me that death is inevitable. I know that.” You closed your eyes as he moved, lining himself up with you and thrusting inside. “Mm.” A soft sigh. More pressure on your wrists from him, another reminder that this was real, that you were not hallucinating as you did in your worst moments. “Tragedy does not always mean a bad ending.” “It ends whenever you’re ready,” he murmured. The thirtieth time the two of you spoke, you were hunched over the toilet, his legs on either side of you. Heaving, gagging. His torso aligned with your spine, wrapped around you. His hand holding back your hair. When the pain kicked in, you sometimes cursed him for having saved you that fateful day. Kylo Ren never appeared to take it personally. He often resorted to sarcasm, which ultimately lightened the mood or else left you too exasperated to argue further. It was these sorts of moments, however, with him supporting you, that you found you could not ever truly be angry. “I feel so fucking fragile right now,” you rasped out, your voice hoarse. Your entire body was aching. You curled your arm along the rim of the toilet seat and rested your forehead there. “I can’t hide it anymore. I’d make a poor princess.” “A princess knows when her time is done. She prepares for it.” Kylo Ren drew back, no doubt recoiling from the smell of your vomit though he did not retreat from you completely. “Really? Your princess freed the smuggler. Fought so bravely…” “You have continued to place yourself on the battlefield knowing the odds.” You knew it was respect that influenced him to say such things. So many stormtroopers and officers alike complained when they were given certain missions. You never did; it was always an honor, to you, to be able to serve the First Order. “Sometimes I think I’m holding on just to hear the end of the story…because I’ve fallen in love with it. And it almost feels as though it holds this important meaning that I’m just not grasping.” “Important meaning?” “For you… Why would you be telling me such things? About love and sentiment… It has to be important to you.” “Perhaps,” he whispered, his voice nearly drowned out as you lurched forward, choking up bile. You had lost count, yet in the end it did not matter. The very last time he spoke with you, Kylo Ren had drawn your body up against his. You could hardly keep your eyes open, could barely hold up your head. He kept you cradled with his arms and legs, one of his large hands atop both of yours where they were resting on your belly. You could both hear and feel his heartbeat. His voice was soft, yet ever deep as he spoke. Telling you more of the tale. He never allowed sentiment to hinder him, and yet there was something of a broken expression on his face. The two of you had perhaps grown so accustomed to one another. Death was no stranger to either of you, simply a fact of life. The sudden separation, on the other hand, was the true nuisance. “Pregnant?” you asked weakly, your voice cracking. “Yes,” he said, his thumb twitching and brushing against the back of your hand. “Imagine that. A smuggler and a princess…so different yet similar in certain respects…not even living together in the normal sense. And they are having a child.” Your lips formed a weak smile. “A boy.” You hummed, hardly able to manage even that. Kylo Ren was undoubtedly able to feel you fading, his connection with the Force powerful. “They had a son… The princess and the smuggler had a son…whom they named Ben.” You stared up at him as best you could. The way he knit his brow upon uttering the name. “Ben Solo.” It clicked then, in your last moments, why the story had seemed so familiar to you. Leia Organa and Han Solo. And their son, Ben. For Kylo Ren to know such details, however… “B..e..n…” His lips parted. It was the first time in a while since he had been called that, since he had heard his name uttered from another set of lips. In some way, Kylo Ren found that it was only fitting to have come from you. Appropriate for you to say his birth name on your deathbed. Your final word, the name of the man he had previously been. The name of someone who had also died. Kylo Ren drew his limbs more tightly around your body. Perhaps, he thought, Ben Solo and you could rest in peace together. Although, he noted, you were not like Ben Solo. He had never viewed you as weak…fragile, in your case, had never been something he equated to weakness… You had not allowed it to hinder you as so many others would have… He trailed his thumb up and down the length of your hand. He did not know how long it would be before you started to grow cold. Kylo Ren curled ever tighter, like clay molding around you.