The first thing Kylo noticed about the girl sent as Blood Tax was that her dress did not quite fit. It was not a detail that he was incapable of overlooking, though he always had a dress commissioned for the girl who was to be sent to him. Perhaps the tailor had used the wrong measurements and there had been no time to correct the error. Whatever the case, it was clearly just a small mistake. The dress looked lovely on her despite it though. She was extremely tall, as far as girls went, almost his own height. Perhaps the tailor had seen the numbers specified for her height and thought it could not possibly have been correct. It fell somewhere around her mid-calve, but everything else seemed fitted, making her seem a bit younger than she probably was. She stood waiting in the front entranceway, the doors closed behind her as a pair of wraiths disappeared into the shadows. She kept her face turned downwards, keeping it covered by thick, brown curls, and clutched a shawl around her shoulders to guard herself against the chill. Kylo remained in the shadows, watching a moment longer when he noticed something else: the girl was not crying. They all cried, without exception. They were like puppies after being separated from their mothers for the first time. It was something Kylo had come to expect, and had been fully prepared to offer what comfort he could, but this girl was strangely silent. She was not making so much as a sniffle. Normally he would approach, speaking softly about how he understood their journey must have been a difficult one before taking them to their chamber to let their feelings out. By morning they were often calm enough to speak to properly. This one seemed perfectly fine though, completely clear headed. Though possibly a little agitated with the way her fingertips pressed into the palm of her free hand…her hand… It was far too large a hand to belong to a woman. The shape was all wrong as well. The joints were incorrect, the proportions were off. This was no woman. Upon a more careful inspection her bust was incredibly lacking and her hips were very narrow. The shawl likely hid a pair of broad shoulders and an Adam’s apple. Kylo was willing to wager that if she lifted ‘her’ face he would find a man’s face hiding behind all that brown hair. Amusing, but worrisome. If this was a man, disguised as a woman to infiltrate his castle, than it was likely for an attempted assassination. They did tend to happen once every century or so. An enraged brother, father or betrothed trying to keep the girl selected as an offering from harm would occasionally break in or try to slip inside to mount a foolhardy rescue. Kylo breathed in deeply. The man smelled young, barely out of boyhood if Kylo guessed correctly. Likely a brother or lover then. They were all easily dealt with and despatched, but it never did bode well when humans decided to try and rise up. The boy would need to be made an example of. Or perhaps… Kylo let the shadows slip away from him silently as he drifted through the dim, orange glow of lanterns. His footsteps were silent. He had centuries to perfect slipping behind his prey to catch them off guard. As he approached from behind he noticed the corset around the boy’s middle was loose. So he was naturally quite thin. It was a quality Kylo found attractive, but not so much that he was willing to let this wanton display of insolence slide. The boy did not seem to notice Kylo’s proximity. With his silent footfalls and no breathing, he had not made any noise that would have alerted him to his presence. Kylo grinned as he settled his hands over the boy’s waist. He clicked his tongue softly, “Oh dear…what happened here?” He felt the boy’s body tense under the touch as he turned his head slightly, then checked himself before looking up. He had turned his head just enough that Kylo could glimpse pale skin and a narrow chin. He gasped, quite prettily, Kylo thought as the boy fumbled with the shawl. Kylo looked over his clothing. The boy’s right hand was probably his dominant one, so if he was hiding a weapon, probably a pistol, where would he hide it? There was plenty of fabric to work with, but the most obvious places were the skirts of his dress and under the shawl. Kylo clicked his tongue softly, “It seems they got your size all wrong. This won’t do at all.” Kylo moved his hands down to the boy’s hips, causing him to gasp again. He felt nice underneath all the violet, satin skirts. His flesh was warm and yielding. He was thin, with very little fat, but enough muscle to make his thighs and flank meaty enough to grasp. Kylo admittedly enjoyed running his hands over the slight curve of his backside and how it fit perfectly in his cupped hand, but that was hardly his reason for groping the boy. He needed to find the gun before this boy foolishly decided he might try and use it. He paused, waiting to see if the boy would attempt reaching somewhere and giving away the location of his hidden weapon. He did not though, so Kylo was obliged to work his way downwards, checking for any hidden pockets or weapons strapped to the boy’s legs, pretending to be inspecting the workmanship of the dress as he frisked over the boy’s thighs. Kylo hummed softly, “Hm? I did send instructions that it should be fitted to suit you. How did this happen, darling?” “I don’t know my lord,” the boy replied in what sounded like a well-practice falsetto. If his hand had not given away his true sex, the voice may have been passable. As it stood, knowing what he was, Kylo found it laughable. Kylo clicked his tongue again, “Oh, we can’t have that, can we? How should this be remedied?” Kylo drew his hands up. With the boy’s arms in the way it would be harder to get at his chest. He was not going to fight him unless it proved necessary. If the boy was to be made an example of he would need to be recognizable to his people, and Kylo was hardly one for holding back during a quarrel. And if a different sort of resolution was reached, Kylo would not want him badly injured for that. Instead he raked his hands up and down his back, feeling for straps that might support a holster. He hummed quietly, insistently, trying to draw a verbal response, “Hm? What should we do about this poorly fitted dress?” “I don’t know my lord,” the boy repeated, albeit slightly more breathily. Was it his nerves finally getting to him, or was it something else? Kylo pressed his nose to the boy’s nape and inhaled deeply, eliciting another gasp. He could smell fear, which was to be expected in his position, but there was also the slightest hint of arousal. In that case, he might not have been the intended girl’s betrothed if he enjoyed the sensation of another man touching him from behind so much. It was still possible, but it seemed less likely now. Still not finding the weapon, it was time to change tactics. He suggested calmly, politely, “There are many other gowns upstairs. They’ve accumulated over the years. I’m sure we’ve one that will prove a better fit for you.” “It’s no trouble, my lord,” said the boy quickly. “Oh no, I insist…” said Kylo darkly, “I’ll have others brought for you to try. Take it off.” “…in the entranceway?” asked the boy, nearly dropping his falsetto. “Yes. Right here, right now,” said Kylo. He put a hand on the boy’s waist and held a hand in front of him, “The shawl first. Hand it over.” The boy faltered before letting the shawl slip off his shoulders. As it lowered, Kylo saw why he had been clutching it so tightly, and it had nothing to do with the cold of the castle. His shoulders were not particularly broad, in fact they were quite narrow, with a gentle slope as opposed to the squared muscles Kylo had been expecting to find. He might have still been passable if not for the bodice of the dress, which was clearly made for a person with more of a bust than the boy had. It was loose enough that Kylo could peer down and see white, marble skin. He was pretty. He would have been prettier if he wasn’t plotting to murder him. He placed the shawl in Kylo’s hand. Kylo tossed it behind him carelessly, “There’s a good girl.” He settled his hands on either side of the boy’s neck, squeezing the muscle there lightly, feeling the tension running through him. The boy kept his hands at his sides, his fingers rhythmically pressing into the palms of his hands, anxious, but still waiting. Kylo ran his fingers through the brown curls. It was real hair, though Kylo doubted that it was the boy’s own. He kept standing still, obviously waiting for something. Kylo reached down and cupped where a pair of breasts might have been. The boy’s breath hitched and he tried to back away, only to press his back against Kylo’s chest. He squeezed lightly before teasing, “Gracious…you’re awfully slender. What subtle breasts you have.” It was impressive that in spite of everything, the boy remained still. He was frightened, but his fear was not paralyzing him. He was waiting for the right time to act, and continued to wait in spite of being groped and fondled. Kylo tried to force his hand, make him so uncomfortable, put him so on edge that he would reach for his weapon. He reached down the bodice and cupped an imaginary breast, gently petting his nipple with his fingertips when he found it. Kylo knew his hands were cold, they were always cold, and that only seemed to add to the little assassin’s excitement. The boy stifled a small, timid noise when the sensitive tip of his nipple was rolled lightly by icy fingers, but held himself fast. Kylo kissed his neck, “The corset next, dearest. Take it off.” He flinched when his neck was kissed, and why shouldn’t he? Kylo thought for certain that having a vampire’s lips pressed so close to the large veins in his neck would force him into action. Instead he slowly began to unlace the corset before undoing the latches in the front, letting the whole thing fall to the floor with a clatter. “You’re a very good girl…” marvelled Kylo. He slipped the bodice down past the boy’s ‘bust,’ showing off his slim chest and rosy nipples and listening to the fabric crinkle softly as it bunched near his waist. He blew gently on the boy’s neck and ear, “Now be an obedient little gem and remove the rest.” “May I have the shawl to cover myself?” asked the boy. “No, no…I want to have a look at you,” chided Kylo, cupping and squeezing the boy’s bare ‘breasts’ and toying with his nipples, trying to add incentive for him to act, “I want to see the lovely girl who’s been sent to warm my bed.” He seemed more hesitant now. Clearly Kylo had forced his hand, he had likely been hoping for his target to show his back before attempting to shoot. He had infiltrated the castle through deception, dressed as a woman, clearly he had no interest in shooting his target honourably, face to face. Kylo wondered what he would do. Would he still attempt to shoot? Would he plead for his life now that his plan had gone so wrong? “My…the buttons are on the back…I can’t reach…” said the boy, his voice faltering even more with Kylo touching him. “Shall I undress you then, my sweet?” offered Kylo. This was it then. As soon as he took hold of the dress the boy would make his move. He would probably have a pistol of some sort. He would likely pull away, put some distance between them and fire his shots. It was a good plan. If Kylo had not spotted his hand, he just might have passed as female. The boy had put together a clever disguise and if not for that small detail, Kylo never would not have asked him to strip or groped him. Kylo braced himself, preparing to move quickly. Slowly he began unfastening buttons, revealing more of the delicate line of the boy’s spine. He was a very pretty thing, as pretty as most of the girls sent as offerings. If the boy did not manage to kill him, he might serve as a suitable replacement. Kylo wondered how he would try to get away. An elbow to the stomach? Trying to head-butt him? Stomping on his foot? A shoulder check? None of them, it seemed. With a whirl of satin skirts he turned and kicked out, a blow that would send an average man sprawling to the floor. Kylo moved back and saw him retrieve his weapon, strapped to his knee it seemed. With a fluid movement he pulled back on the hammer and a deafening crack ricocheted off the stone walls and the smell of gunpowder overpowered everything else. Knowing it was coming, Kylo managed to move in time, surging forward as the boy pulled back on the hammer again. Kylo placed his hand over the gun, turning it away so the second shot fired uselessly into an old set of armour that stood sentry in the halls. He tried to keep his other arm around the boy’s waist, but he fought. Hard. Uselessly, he pummeled his fists against Kylo’s face and chest, blows that were as harmless as little black flies, but just as annoying. He could hold the boy as long as he needed, but had no desire to, not with the hellish sounds he was making. Kylo managed to pull the gun from his fingers before calling the Wraiths, his silent servants who obeyed his every will and thought. They took the boy for him, reaching their limbs out from the shadows and taking hold of his wrists and ankles, wrenching the former above his head as he yowled angrily to be released. He was certainly a sight, the dress hanging awkwardly from the ruffled sleeves at his biceps, red-faced with rage and a mess of brown curls tossing wildly as he thrashed. “Oh dear, you’re a boy?” exclaimed Kylo with mock surprise, “I had no idea.” “Monster!” spat the boy. “Now, now, there’s no need for name-calling,” said Kylo, moving closer and examining the gun. He held it up for the boy to look at before pinching the mouth of the barrel closed. The boy quieted at that, and stilled as Kylo began curling the barrel and ripped the chamber from its place. Kylo let it drop to the marble tiled floors with a lifeless thud before cooing, “There. One less thing to damage those dainty fingers with. And you are a dainty thing, aren’t you?” Kylo settled his hands back on the boy’s waist and this time he struggled, jerking against the hands that held him and tried to pull away. Kylo rested one hand at his back and used the other to grip the boy’s jaw, turning his face up to look at him. The boy glared back. He had light coloured eyes, though the glow of the fire made it difficult to tell what their exact shade was. He sent out his thoughts for the wraiths to light the chandelier as he stared down the little would-be murderer, “We’ve had centuries of peace between us and here you are trying to ruin it. What on earth possessed you to do something so stupid?” The boy said nothing and tried to wrench his head free. Kylo looked him over, “This wasn’t spontaneous…” He snatched the wig from the boy’s head before examining it in the orange candlelight, “You were planning this.” After his inspection Kylo tossed it by the discarded shawl. The light from the chandelier slowly built as more candles were light, doing away with much of the shadows. The revealed an austere hall with suits of armour, faithful souvenirs from ages gone by and portraits of old friends who were now dead and gone. Kylo inspected them for damage. It seemed the stupid boy had only managed to hit a suit of armour, which could be easily repaired if he felt the need for it. As for the insolent boy, Kylo turned and was once more surprised by him. He was far prettier without the wig. He had a deceptively delicate appearance, with high cheekbones, lovely pink lips and handsome red hair that fell to his shoulders. Briefly distracted from the fact that the boy had just tried to assassinate him, Kylo cupped his chin again, “I didn’t know they had redheads. If I’d known I’d have put in a request. What a pretty thing you turned out to be.” “Piss off,” snarled the boy. “Such a fiery temper. Is it your hair that gives you that temperament?” asked Kylo teasingly. The boy said nothing and continued to glare. Kylo sighed and looked at him more sternly, “Who are you anyways? A brother? A lover? You’re too young to be a father.” The boy looked up at him and growled, “I’m the coach driver.” Kylo paused for a moment, slightly taken aback by that. The coach driver? It took a few seconds for the words to register themselves. Not some relation, not a jealous lover, but a foolhardy coach driver? Kylo turned slightly so the boy would not see him snickering at that. He stifled himself as best he could as he composed himself. Of all the possibilities, this one was the most unusual. Once he felt he was sufficiently calm, Kylo turned back, crossing his arms slightly, “And why on earth would the coach driver put himself in danger for some girl he had no formal attachment to?” Kylo studied him and wondered. He supposed that after years of bringing innocent girls into the clutches of a vampire it might drive a coachman mad. However, this one was young. It must have been his first run, second at most, on this particular errand. Kylo tried to think if he had ever seen an apprentice riding in the shotgun position. It was difficult to recall, he did not always go out to meet the offerings, and hardly ever paid the coach driver any mind. He recalled one occasion though. He had not been outside. He had been lingering in the doorway as an old coach driver helped a weeping girl step out of the carriage. Kylo remembered it because the smell was off. He could smell two adults and…something else. When he had looked up he saw a small child holding a blunderbuss that was almost as big as he was. Kylo had not paid him much mind outside of the novelty of his youth, but did recall bright orange hair… “Oh, I remember you…” said Kylo with a smile, moving in to stroke the boy’s cheek, “How long ago was that? Ten? Fifteen years?” “Thirteen,” spat the coach driver. So that was it then. The poor, naïve thing probably paid the run no mind at the time, probably proud to have a grown man’s task, and such an important one. Then as he grew he must have come to realize what a horrible thing he had participated in and spent years of his life plotting revenge. Kylo shook his head slightly at that. Surely the boy understood how the Seigniorial system worked. A lord would protect and provide for his territory in exchange for a tax. He must have known that even if he somehow managed to kill Kylo, another vampire would take over the territory and take his place. Killing him would not be the end of this, and Hux surely would have been found out for his treason. “Thirteen years. You’ve grown so much in such a short time…” said Kylo, trailing his hand from his face, down his neck to settle across his chest where the dress hung and exposed him, “And grown so pretty, I might add. Now, what am I to do with you…” Kylo continued more seriously as the coach driver glared up at him, “I suppose what I ought to do is march you straight back, reclaim the blood tax you were meant to deliver and place you in the stocks. Perhaps for a week or so before having you executed for treason. But…you’re so lovely, and you smell so sweet, I’m willing to offer you a bargain.” Kylo reached up and tucked the wild locks of red hair behind his ears, “Take the girl’s place. Remain here with me and you won’t be punished for treason.” “For all the good that does” said the coach driver sharply, “Either way, I’m going to die.” “You aren’t wrong…” said Kylo softly, marveling at the soft skin and hair under his fingertips. And the warmth. Being what he was, he no longer had the ability to generate his own body heat. Humans could though, and felt wonderful when they were pressed against him. He spoke to the boy firmly, but not unkindly, “But if you were to agree, you would live a little longer perhaps, and your final days could be lived out in peace and luxury, rather than a prison or the stocks.” The boy continued to glare and Kylo sighed, “You failed, but if you agree you can at least live and die knowing you spared that girl and her family. If you refuse I’ll have to take her back. Wouldn’t that just break her heart? Thinking she had escaped only to be sent back? Would you want to do that to her?” He was silent and more contemplative at that. Kylo looked him over, wondering at how redundant his thoughts had become. Perhaps it was because it had been so long since he’d had a young man sent to him. He’d become so accustomed to being sent a woman that he had nearly forgotten how good men were. They were typically warmer, for one thing, and the lines of their muscles, even sinewy ones like this boy’s, were lovely to look at. He had nothing against women, Kylo quite enjoyed them and found them very comely, but he had not had a man for so long that he wondered how he had possibly forgot how much he enjoyed his own sex. “Well?” asked Kylo, running his fingers through the lovely red hair. The boy looked away, averting his eyes, “…I’ll stay.” “That’s a good boy,” said Kylo. He patted his smooth, marble cheek trying to show that good behaviour would win him gentle treatment, “But that was a very naughty trick you tried to play. What are we to do about that?” The boy stayed silent with regards to that. Kylo watched him carefully. He seemed much more docile now, and without his gun any resistance he offered would be useless. He did not keep anything in the castle that might be used to kill or stun him. Wooden stakes, garlic and holy water were all far from the premises. There were weapons that Kylo supposed he might be beheaded with, but they were locked away, with the key around Kylo’s neck for safe keeping, and the boy could not possibly have any knowledge of those. If he resisted, it would be no trouble at all to subdue him. As he thought this, the wraiths released the boy, their inhumanly long arms retracting back into the shadows. His arms dropped and the coach driver hugged them to his chest. The touch of a wraith was said to be an unpleasant one, though Kylo had no opinion on the subject. For humans though, he was told, the touch of a wraith sapped away warmth and caused their skin to crawl. Not to mention how having his arms roughly seized and held above his head must have been unpleasant, if not painful. He took a few steps back, which was to be expected under the circumstances and kept his eyes averted in shame. That too was expected. The poor boy’s plan of thirteen years had gone up in smoke before his very eyes. “You did try to kill me,” Kylo reminded him, kicking at the metal husk that used to be a pistol and letting it clatter across the floor. He looked at the boy, “How are you going to make it up to me?” The boy remained silent so Kylo closed in again, lifting his pretty chin. He looked over his plush, pink lips and could not resist a smirk as he trailed a finger over them, admiring the soft texture, “If you can’t think of anything…I can suggest a few ways…” In a flash, his finger was between the boy’s teeth. Kylo wrenched his hand back as the coach driver growled, “Just because I’m going to let you eat me doesn’t mean I’m going to stand here and be molested.” Kylo observed the broken skin and torn muscles. The boy had sharp teeth, for a human. They began to close up within a few moments, but it still stung. Kylo turned to the boy and regarded him angrily, allowing his voice to become low and quiet, “You seem to have no understanding of how this works, boy .” He seemed much more frightened by that and backed away as much as he could as Kylo stalked forward, “You agreed to volunteer as an offering. As blood tax. That means here, you are not a guest, and certainly not my equal. I won’t tolerate being attacked. Not here.” Backing against the wall, the boy noticed it was a dead end and dashed to one of the suits of armour, trying to pull a fake sword from the scabbard. Kylo continued his approach, now even more annoyed. The boy was still trying to kill him. He growled, “I’m willing to be patient with you, but it seems you won’t learn without discipline.” “Stay where you are!” snapped the boy, who had managed to wrench a spur off one of the boots and held the sharp, pointed star out as if it had some possibility of saving him. “This is my home. You don’t decide where I can and cannot go,” seethed Kylo. He reached forward, earning a cut across his hand from the spur for his trouble. The boy was screaming now, a wild, feral sound while he bit and kicked and lashed out with his arms, trying to resist Kylo hoisting him over his shoulder. He held the boy’s legs fast, letting him shout and pound his fists uselessly against Kylo’s back. The vampire growled, “ You on the other hand have not earned the privilege of moving about freely. I’m not going to keep you if you’re going to bite.” He continued to shout, demanding to be put down as he jabbed the spur into Kylo’s back, slashing where he could. It was enough of a pinch to startle Kylo into dropping him. He fell to the floor with a sickening slapping sound as his flesh collided with marble. Kylo was on him in an instant, pulling the spur away and tossing it aside. He growled down at the insolent human, “You’re trying my patience boy. Do you want to be sent back? This deal depends heavily on your cooperation.” He continued to snarl and Kylo doubted very much that he was paying attention anymore. He was a cornered animal. All he seemed capable of focusing on was finding a means of escape, and would continue to do so until he either achieved his goal or calmed himself. He was not going to learn or listen like this. Kylo scowled. There was nothing for it but to let the boy spend the night shouting until he had tired himself out. Most of the offerings he received required a night or two of weeping, but this was the first who would require space because he was so violent. Kylo picked him up again, by the back of his neck this time, pulling him along as he was doubled over, struggling to keep up. Kylo pulled him down the hall, trying to recall the nearest room that locked from the outside. There was a closet for coats, but the door was too flimsy, the boy could easily break it down. He recalled a pantry near the kitchen and dragged the coach driver in that direction. He struggled, trying to dig his heels in or grabbing at door frames and furniture. Against another human he might have gained some leverage, but he was no match for Kylo’s strength. He opened the pantry door and hurled the boy inside, “You can stay here tonight. You’ll be allowed to out when you learn to behave.” He crashed to the floor before scrambling to his feet. Kylo slammed the door before he could charge and turned the latch to lock him in. There was a loud bang and a snarl as the coach driver rammed into it. He howled before trying a second and third time to batter the door open. There was some crashing inside, but Kylo cared little. The food that was inside was there to be fed to the offering to keep it alive for as long as Kylo was amused by it. If the boy damaged anything he was the only one who was going to suffer for it. Kylo crossed his arms and leaned back, waiting, wondering just how long the boy would keep going before he wore himself out. There was more snarling before the crashing stopped and the door was battered a few more times, now with something that sounded like a wooden pole. He must have broken something to turn into a makeshift battering ram. Kylo sighed and waited. The blows became weaker, and now instead of snarling he only heard grunts and heavy breathing. Kylo took a watch from his pocket and tried to guess how long he had been working at the door. If he had to make a guess, perhaps twenty minutes or half an hour. Kylo timed ten more minutes before the dull thudding finally stopped and the boy slumped up against the door. Kylo was about to leave, satisfied that the boy was finally starting to learn his lesson. That was when he heard scratching and light, pained hissing. Kylo approached the door, silently as he had before and listened for where the sound was coming from. Stopping and listening carefully he heard nails grazing against wood as the coach driver tried to slip his fingers between the door and the wooden panels of the wall. Kylo observed the latch that kept the door closed. It was large and heavy. Unless the boy had a thin, metal hook that was long enough to keep a decent grip on, he was not going to open the door. Still, he tried. Kylo timed him as he kept hissing in pain, attempting to wedge his fingers through a space that was much too small for them to pass through. He kept at it a long time, almost twenty minutes. The poor thing struggled for almost an hour in total before everything went silent. Then Kylo heard it; soft weeping coming from inside. Normally the girls who were offered struggled lightly, often begging and pleading as fear overcame them. Then when that subsided they would break down, crying pitifully for home and their families. They really did remind Kylo of puppies who had been torn from their mothers and were spending their first night in a new home. Usually after a few minutes, heartsick and broken, Kylo was able to touch them, petting their hair and calming them down. Sometimes they could even be coaxed into leaning on his shoulder to sob. It was the first time he had been forced to listen to one of them weep after being thrown inside a pantry. Kylo considered opening the door and paused. The boy might appreciate the comfort now that all of the violence was out of his system, or the action would stoke his anger into a full on fury again and he would try to make another ill-advised assault. Either way, it was disheartening to hear him crying softly on the opposite side of the door and not being able to even attempt giving him comfort. Kylo was not so detached from his offerings that he neglected them or could not understand their sufferings. The same way he supposed humans cared for chickens or sheep. He did care for them, and did not want them to suffer before they served their purpose. He even tried to keep them longer if he grew attached to them. He wanted to whisper soft things, but held back. He did not want to whip the boy into a frenzy again. The best thing to do was leave him to cry until morning so he would have all the time he needed to make himself calm and rational. Kylo recalled the silky texture of his hair and the warmth of his skin as he rubbed his fingers together. He was a lovely creature, despite his temper, and it genuinely upset him to hear the boy crying on the other side of the door. He wanted to hold him and shush him until he quieted himself and the tears stopped. It would not help though, Kylo was convinced of it. He waited until he could not stand listening to the wretched crying anymore. He would come for the boy in the morning when he was calm and try to speak with him then. Perhaps after a night’s reflection he would be more inclined to civility. Still, Kylo felt awful leaving him alone in the dark to cry. Humans hated being alone in the dark for prolonged periods of time. He moved away from the door and down the hall. He paused, glancing at the shadows and instructing the wraiths, “Leave a blanket for him.” He considered allowing him a pillow as well, but after all that fussing, a blanket was more than charitable. He had food a-plenty if he needed it and he would have a blanket. That was more than enough for a naughty pet who had broken the rules. Kylo had to be firm with him, make sure he knew his place, and then he could allow himself to show the boy kindness. Once he had learned the rules of this place and his position was made perfectly clear to him, he would settle down. If he could learn to be obedient and tame he could prove to be a lovely companion. He hoped he could be tamed. This would be his first man in quite some time, and Kylo was already enamoured with his appearance. He just needed his roughness stripped away and smoothed over, then all would be well again. Chapter 2 Summary: I'm half awake, but I made my update deadline...thank you caffeine... Kylo knocked twice on the pantry door, “Wake up.” He heard some soft shuffling on the other side and gave the boy, the coach driver, a little time to collect himself. He had had plenty of time to let out his feelings, but perhaps he might require a moment or two to smooth his skirts down and make himself decent. Kylo waited until the shuffling stopped before he lifted the latch and slowly opened the door. He could see fairly well in the dark. Not colours, but he could make out shapes. The boy was standing, much as he had upon their first meeting with his hands at his sides and his fingers in his palms. The pantry was a wreck. One of the shelves had been broken and the board Kylo supposed the boy had been striking the door with was lying over a bundle of cabbages that had spilled out. There were multiple vegetables scattered about the floor. For such a small creature he had certainly managed to make a mess. It was difficult to make out his expression, but the boy was clearly unhappy and his face was downcast. Kylo inhaled deeply, trying to gage his mood by the scent he was giving off. There was fear, and fear was likely to linger about him for a very long time, but there was also shame and some lingering frustration. There were multiple possibilities, ranging from still being stuck in women’s clothing, to spending the night in a pantry on a floor covered with ruined produce, to being locked away so he could throw a tantrum like a naughty child. Kylo looked him over, “If you learned your lesson, you can come out.” The boy looked away and slowly moved from the middle of the room to the doorway. Kylo could see him better now. He clearly had not slept well, not that Kylo had expected him to, and kept his eyes averted. It seemed his anger and urge to fight had passed, allowing him to slip into the weepy phase. He knew eventually the boy would start bargaining, trying to haggle for favors in the hopes of being allowed to leave before finally moving on to acceptance of his predicament. It was natural. Even if he had chosen this, being trapped in a place where one knew they were going to die was bound to be distressing until the thought became less fresh and sharp in his mind. Kylo lifted his chin and spoke to him sternly, “Are you going to attack me again?” “No…” replied the boy softly. “There’s a good boy,” said Kylo, “Move so I can shut the door.” The boy moved and Kylo shut the door, locking it again from the outside. He kept his eye on the boy. He had said he would not make any more attempts to attack him, but Kylo had a hard time believing it. He had pretended to be docile before and even successfully managed to dupe him. More impressively, and worryingly, he had caused injury, ripping tendons and cutting into flesh. Kylo continued to regard him sternly, waiting to see how he was going to react. The boy made no sounds, looking away and crossing his arms for warmth and to try to keep the bodice of his dress from slipping down. He was probably cold. A few minutes beside a warm fire, some breakfast and properly fitting clothes would likely do him some good. “Are you going to do as you’re told?” asked Kylo. The boy said nothing and Kylo sighed through his nose. So he was going to be stubborn. Kylo furrowed his brow and repeated more heatedly, “Will you do as you’re told?” The coach driver screwed his mouth shut and looked away. He seemed to be biting his cheek and digging his nails into his arms. Kylo recognized the behaviour, clearly he was distressed. He supposed he would be too if he was staring down a creature that could easily overpower and consume him. At least he had finally realized that Kylo completely outclassed him physically and he stood no chance in a fight against him. He was intimidated, but not quite into compliance. He took the dress he had brought from under his arm. It was one that Kylo thought would suit his height and build. He held it out to the boy, “Put this on.” The boy was snapped out of his trance and looked down at the clothing with bewilderment. He seemed to have some sort of protest on the tip of his tongue but was holding back. Kylo continued, “Since you were so eager to put on a gown and sneak your way in, you can keep wearing them until I’m certain you learned your place.” The boy looked away disdainfully and Kylo sighed irately, “I’m not giving you anything else. You can wear this, or you can wear nothing.” The boy grimaced slightly before accepting the gown, holding it up to himself to inspect it. He squinted, the light likely not being enough for him to see properly. It was a dress Kylo thought might suit him, as much as a dress could suit a man. A nice, pale blue, it was certain to compliment his lovely red hair. Just because the dresses were a punishment did not mean that the boy could not be made to look presentable. Kylo was going to have to keep company with him after all, and did not think he would be half as pleasant to look at if he was poorly dressed. The boy held it to himself and frowned as he took in the texture of the shimmering fabric. “Put it on,” ordered Kylo. The boy looked up incredulously, “In the hallway?” “If you hadn’t bit me or tried to stab me, I would have allowed you some privacy,” said Kylo firmly. “You were going to…” the boy began to argue. “You tried to kill me with a hidden weapon. I’m going to watch you strip to make sure you don’t have any others,” Kylo explained him. He pressed in closer, “Now, the sooner you learn your place and behave, the more pleasant your stay here will be. You agreed to be here. Start acting like it.” He seemed like he might cry again, but it was necessary. If a puppy did something bad it needed to have its nose rubbed in its mess if it was going to learn. The boy had made a terrible mess and now he needed to be held down by his scruff and have it shoved in his face until he learned bad behaviour was going to be punished. If Kylo relented now he would be giving this insolent human run of his house, and that would not do at all. He needed to get a clear understanding and appreciation for his position. It would be difficult. Human women often had the idea that they were supposed to be subservient to men impressed upon their minds starting at a young age. Not being allowed to hold positions of power in their towns and villages only helped to enforce this. Men on the other hand seemed to think that they were entitled to power and were much more accustomed to getting their way. The boy had been a coach driver, not exactly an affluent profession, but he had a great deal more say in how he managed and conducted his own affairs than most women had. That would make taming him much more challenging. Hopefully the fact that his former occupation had been such a mean one would make him slightly more open to taking orders. “Dress,” he commanded, leaning in close to the boy’s face. The boy turned, but made no move to run. Since he was good enough to stay put, Kylo afforded him the small comfort of giving his back to preserve some semblance of modesty. He hooked the dress under one arm and began to tug at the buttons on the back of his dress. Kylo watched him fumble with them, slowly but surely working the buttons open, revealing his creamy skin once again. He resisted the urge to trail a finger down the slender, twitching line of his spine, not wanting to cause more distress when the boy was clearly on edge. He was finally getting some obedience from him and did not want to compromise that by antagonizing him. Not when he was at least trying to behave himself. Once the buttons were undone, the violet dress still hanging about his waist, he pulled the blue one overtop of his head. Kylo watched him trying to change his clothes without showing his lower half, and might have been more amusing if not for the fact it was a punishment. It could have been a fun little game if not for how miserable the boy was. Once he got the blue dress on he slipped the other one off the rest of the way and stepped out of the dress, kicking it away sharply. He set to work with the buttons, which were on the front this time, but since they were on women’s clothing they were reversed, causing him to fumble again. When he finished he returned to standing still, tapping his fingers against his palms. Kylo resisted the urge to touch him as he commanded, “Turn around. Let me look.” The boy turned, his face fixed in a scowl. Despite that he was very sweet. He would need a shave, sporting a slight amount of stubble, but Kylo was not prepared to hand the boy a razor and trust him not to do something stupid with it. Kylo liked the fact that he had long hair, and hoped to have him grow it out during his stay. He had such a slight, slender figure that made him look so soft and inviting. “That’s a good boy,” said Kylo softly. “I’m twenty one, I’m not a boy…” muttered the coach driver. “I’m closing in on being a thousand. You’re a boy,” insisted Kylo, reaching out a hand to stroke his new human. He saw the boy raise his hand to draw his fist back, an amateur’s mistake that telegraphed his intention clearly. Kylo reached up and easily caught his fist before he could even move to throw a punch. He twisted it, forcing the boy’s hand to his side. He moved in close, holding both of the boy’s wrists, “I’m going to inspect you, and you’re going to hold still. If you don’t, you’ll go straight back into that pantry for another day.” “I never said that I was going to be your-” the boy began to hiss. Kylo tightened his grip and gave him a slight shake, “You agreed to be mine. That means I get to do what I like with you. If I tell you to hold still, you will hold still. If you show you can be good, you’ll be allowed to refuse but for now you haven’t earned the privilege. If you understand then you will do as you’re told. If not…” Kylo released one of the boy’s slim wrists to open the pantry door, “I’ll come back for you when you can behave yourself.” The boy stilled and looked at the floor. Kylo didn’t like being so rough, but he needed to learn. He would have preferred it if the boy had been like the others, frightened, but trying to obey despite it. Instead he was angry, holding back some sort of violent tendency that promised trouble in the future. Still, he was the first man Kylo had the opportunity to keep in ages and he was so lovely to look at. “Pretty…” Kylo noted, turning his face up to look at him. Clear skin, clear eyes and nose, no wax plugging his ears and he caught sight of white teeth when the boy snarled. He was healthy in spite of how thin he was, that was good. His hair was tangled but that was to be expected and easily remedied. He stroked the boy’s hair and cheek, happy to have a chance to take him in without checking for weapons. His colouration was brilliant, eye-catching, and despite his sharp bone structure his skin was smooth and soft. The boy gasped slightly when his hand lightly brushed over his stomach, testing the feel of his flesh under the satin. It was all smoothness and warmth, exactly the way Kylo liked it. Moving in closer, sniffing at the boy’s neck he continued, “You give off a mature scent, but you’re wonderfully idealistic and headstrong.” “Don’t-” the boy began. “Shh…” said Kylo pressing a finger to his lips. He regarded the boy seriously, “You haven’t earned that. If you’re good, you can make requests and I’ll consider them. But since you attacked me, it will take some time before you earn that. If I make an offer you can either accept or decline, but you don’t get to ask, not yet.” “How long will that take?” asked the boy, pulling his face back. “I don’t know, how long will it take for you to learn?” asked Kylo, taking his face again. He offered his arm, “Now be good and walk with me.” The boy looked down at his arm, brows furrowed in confusion. Kylo sighed and took the boy’s arm. He struggled slightly, trying to pull away, though nowhere near as vigorously as he had the night before. Kylo moved the boy’s arm so it hooked around his and patted it fondly before holding it in place. The boy seemed to realize he was being forced to play the lady’s part and his cheeks burned in anger, causing heat to flow more freely from his body. Kylo held his hand in place, enjoying how warm it was. Women’s hands tended to be cooler. He’d almost forgotten how warm men’s hands were. Kylo began to walk, the boy obliged to follow him. He spoke quietly, but firmly, “You were very naughty last night. I don’t enjoy punishing you, and I certainly don’t want to make a habit of it, but you have to understand I can’t keep someone in my home who’s going to attack me. You wouldn’t keep a dog if he kept trying to bite, would you?” “Then keep me on a chain outside. I’ll bark at passing messengers,” said the boy dryly. Kylo let out a huff of laughter through his nose. He looked at the boy’s pale face as they passed under a light. Perhaps in a day or two, if he was cooperative, Kylo might be able to give him a shave. It might be fun to sit him down in the bathroom and give him a proper grooming. He allowed the women he kept to fix their own toilettes and apply their own paints, having no idea where to begin when it came to women’s makeup and perfumes, but he understood how to groom a man. He thought the boy would look very lovely sitting still and allowing Kylo to shave his face. In any case though, the idea of this slight, delicate boy attempting to scare messengers away from his door was an amusing one. Besides, if he wanted an attack dog he could easily procure one. Companionship and conversation on the other hand were much more difficult to come by. Most vampires had their own territories to manage and as such it could be a chore to travel, and often times rivalries and infighting could put limitations on social circles. Humans sufficed for intelligent companionship, making them much more ideal than a lap dog. Humans also had the added benefit of sex. Other vampires were often better partners, having centuries to perfect their techniques, but humans were warm, their scents intoxicating, and their skin delicious under his teeth and tongue. Kylo assumed he enjoyed seducing humans more than most of his kind, but it was regarded as more of a slight eccentric trait than a taboo. He recalled the warmth of the boy’s skin and his soft chest, as well as the way he gasped when he was touched. Once he was properly trained in etiquette he would make a decent bedfellow. “No need for that,” said Kylo, stroking the boy’s hand, “Have you eaten?” “No,” replied the boy bluntly. “You will take all of your meals, preferably with me,” said Kylo. “So I can get nice and fat for you I suppose,” the boy growled. Kylo paused as they passed through the entranceway again. He lifted the boy’s face, which seemed to be the only way to make any sort of eye contact with him. He spoke sternly, “First of all, that isn’t how blood works. Second of all, you need to eat to keep up your strength. If you’re too weak to fulfill your duty, I’ll have to put you out of your misery and bring on someone new. Lastly, is that anything to say to someone who offers you charity?” “It’s not charity if you benefit. You’re only feeding me because you’re planning to kill and eat me,” said the boy, his voice quivering with anger and fear. He turned away and added softly, “Right after you fuck me…” Kylo had thought that making love to his offerings before feeding was a charitable thing to do. Their last mortal thoughts would be of something pleasant, and if timed correctly, the act of draining them could be made erotic, meaning they would expire peacefully, contentedly, with as little pain as possible. This one did not seem to view it that way. He seemed to think the idea of being loved and then killed was a cruel one. He resisted the urge to kiss the boy as he chided, “If you won’t eat I can’t keep you. Though if you do eat, and you’re agreeable, I’ll keep you longer. The longer you stay the less likely I am to want for a replacement.” That did not seem to help in the slightest. Kylo wondered exactly what he could do or say to make the prospect of being kept for sex and then slaughtered seem less heavy than it was. There was no changing the fact that the blood tax needed to be paid, and Kylo had often thought that the sex was just as beneficial to his offerings as it was to himself. He thought it was a comfort to them to be touched lovingly and lavished with attention, not to mention being touched more expertly than any of their fellow humans could have done it. They would die, yes, but they would spend their last years being cared for and petted, which Kylo thought would have been preferable to toiling in some town or village for the rest of their lives. The thought of doing them some small kindness made the act of killing them after cherishing their companionship slightly more palatable. The boy looked so upset and dejected though that Kylo could not resist stroking his face, trying to comfort him. The first meal in captivity was always the most difficult for the offerings to take. They were often heartsick and very few of them had ever managed to finish anything that was prepared for them. However, after spending the night in the pantry and all that fighting the boy would need something, if only to stave off falling into a swoon due to light-headedness. Besides, after a few days his spirits would recover and he would likely stop being so fussy about being fed. “There, there, it’s a long way off. Just think about keeping yourself fit and strong,” said Kylo, trying to be a little more pleasant. The boy remained sullen looking despite his efforts. Kylo sighed before leading him up a set of stairs, “You’ll want to lift that skirt. Otherwise you’ll trip.” The boy gathered up his skits in one hand to keep them out of the way as he climbed. He was not particularly graceful, and he carelessly showed off his ankles. Kylo noted that he was, in fact, wearing women’s shoes. Between the wig, the pistol, the shoes and practicing his falsetto, the boy must have put a lot of time and resources into his assassination attempt. The only thing it seemed he had not practiced was how to remove and put on women’s clothing, though supposing he had succeeded he would have only needed to do so once, meaning he was not particularly obliged to learn. When Kylo recalled it though, his corset had been loose, but the dress had hardly been thrown on haphazardly. If he had to guess, the coach driver had stopped the carriage and demanded the girl switch clothing with him. If that was the case, she probably helped him dress. His determination and, dare he say chivalry, was admirable, if horribly misguided. If he had succeeded in killing Kylo, another vampire would have taken his territory. It would not have ended the necessity of the blood tax. Kylo looked over at him, supporting him on his arm as he made his way up the steps. He probably had not expected to have to climb stairs in those shoes of his. “You’ll have to practice dressing yourself,” noted Kylo, pointing to where the fabric bunched around the boy’s middle and the uneven collar, “I could assist you, or have a servant help you with the buttons. That’s why they’re on the other side, you know. So someone can help with dressing.” “It’s bad enough you watch,” said the boy sharply. Kylo cocked his head slightly at that, “But you’re here for me to watch, if it pleases me. You aren’t here for your own amusement and punishments aren’t meant to be enjoyed, I trust you’re clever enough to have realized that. Think of yourself as my pretty bride. I’ll care for you, of course, all your needs will be met, but you have your duties as my subordinate, and one of them is to entertain.” The boy looked away, seeming determined to keep his face from view. Kylo sighed through his nose as he insisted on remaining difficult. Was it really so awful a thing? He could have thought up far worse punishments than having the boy strip and redress in front of him. By all accounts, he really ought to have punished him much more harshly. Then he looked at the boy and wondered if he could bring himself to be harsher with him. It was all he could manage keeping him locked up overnight, and even then he afforded him some small comforts. He was such a lovely thing, it upset Kylo terribly to see him so sad and full of dread. As much as he would have loved to pick him up and pepper his face with soft kisses until all the sadness went away, he knew it would not help. The first few times he had kept humans he had tried that and it only upset them more. The first few weeks were always hardest. The offering needed time to adjust, but in the meantime, Kylo desperately wanted to hold them and press against them. They reached the top of the stairs and the boy paused to look over his shoulder. He stared at the tiled steps and the heavy doors. Kylo thought he might be considering making a mad dash for the doors and trying to escape before he observed, “You don’t have windows.” “Sunlight disagrees with me,” said Kylo, “I could hardly move about at my leisure if I was dodging sunbeams.” Humans needed sun though. Even those with fair skin required at least a little sunlight. If they did not get it, they tended to become incredibly melancholic. Women more so than men, but it seemed winters and periods with less sunlight would have a drastic effect on a human’s mood. It left Kylo in an odd position, concerning the boy’s punishment. Providing him with sunlight might make him feel better, but seeing the world outside which he had given up might make him even more restless and penned in. Not to mention the fact that the only room with windows was one built specifically for offerings to inhabit, and the boy had hardly earned the privilege of a private room with his awful behaviour. He would probably barricade himself inside it and try to starve himself… He patted the boy’s hand, “If you’re good you’ll have sunlight, and a room of your own, and a great many other things if you want them, but you must prove that you’ve abandoned your intention to murder me first.” “I’ve no desire to be treated as a lap dog,” said the boy harshly. “And I’ve no desire to treat you like one,” admitted Kylo, speaking seriously, “I should much prefer it if you were my companion. Someone I could speak with cordially.” “And someone to fuck,” muttered the coach driver crassly. Kylo turned his face back, “I don’t want to hear another curse from those pretty lips. Do you understand?” “I suppose you’ll lock me in a pantry again if I do,” said the boy disdainfully. Kylo scowled. He’d never needed to think of so many levels of punishment for any of the others. Usually speaking more harshly or shouting slightly was enough to inspire obedience, but that clearly would not work. Locking him up would have to be reserved for more serious offenses. Depriving him of meals was out of the question, but he might limit his diet and refuse to give him sweets. He could beat him lightly, a few swats on his thighs or buttocks with a belt or cane might convince him to do as he was told. Kylo disliked the idea greatly, but he could not have this human doing whatever he pleased without consequence. He gave it a little more thought before saying lowly, “If you keep cursing without making an effort to stem that awful vocabulary, I’m going to gag you. Or perhaps I’ll have you fitted with a Scold’s Bride for a few hours. Would you like that?” The boy tore his face away and growled, “Stop touching my face like that.” Kylo gripped him, just a little more harshly to hold him in place and squeezed. Not enough to hurt, just enough to let the boy know what serious trouble he was in. He spoke harshly, “This is my house, pet, and I’ll do as I wish within my own home.” Kylo meant it as a term of endearment but the boy seemed to take it far more literally. His brows furrowed and a look of outrage crossed his countenance. Kylo pulled him along before he could start fussing again. Hopefully he would try to stop using that gutter language now. Women tried to avoid it, though from time to time if they were frustrated or surprised one or two choice words would cross their lips. This boy seemed to have no social obligation to watch his language, so that would have to be trained out of him as well. He brought the boy to his own chamber. He had considered bringing him to the dining hall as he usually did, but this one required closer monitoring. He could not have the boy trying to steal cutlery so he could make another foolish attempt at stabbing him. This way Kylo could watch his hands and make sure he did not try to slip anything into his skirt or down his bodice. The wraiths had already brought a light meal, just some toasted bread, egg whites and a little milk. Kylo doubted the boy would have an appetite for much else, and would likely only manage to nibble at his meal. It had been set on a small table near where a window might be and a fire had been stoked. Kylo gestured to the table, “Go, eat what you can and warm yourself. I hope you’ll meditate on proper conduct in the meantime.” The boy looked at the table suspiciously, “There’s only one…” “I don’t eat those things. I can, in theory, but it disagrees with me,” said Kylo. He had tried the food that humans usually ate, but it all tasted the way he supposed sand did. He could stand the texture and flavour of meat, but only if he was desperate and the meat in question was raw. He moved closer, trying to coax the boy into taking a seat, “You’re the only one here who requires this sort of thing. It’s been prepared specially for you.” The boy stood awkwardly, not moving. Kylo took in the scent of the air and tried to figure out what might be on his mind. He was still ashamed, angry and afraid. Hopefully it would not last much longer. When about a minute passed and he did not move Kylo took him by the shoulders and guided him to the table. He pulled out his chair for him and sat him down, “It’s alright, eat what you can. You don’t have to finish but you need to take something.” The boy shifted, trying to arrange his skirts so he could sit more comfortably. Kylo wondered how long he ought to keep him in women’s clothing. It had been a key part of his murder plot, so it was a fitting punishment. How long should it last though? A long time for humans was far different than a long time for vampires. A month? Perhaps two? Yes, two months at maximum ought to teach him, or just a few weeks if he was good, and it hardly detracted from his loveliness in the meantime. Kylo wondered how long it would take for the boy to be pleasant enough to hold still while his measurements were taken. Old dresses would suffice for now, but there were so few of them that matched the boy’s towering height that he would need to have a few more made to accommodate him. After finishing with his skirts he stared down at the meal. He might have been thinking about the notion of being fattened like livestock before his inevitable slaughter. It was a hard adjustments for humans to make, since they were so used to being the apex predator in their environments. Once faced with the reality that something quite different from themselves was at the top of the food chain, they were jarred, frightened and sometimes got weepy when their notions of reality were proven so wrong. Kylo would not feed on him now though, not for a long while to come, he suspected. Perhaps there was a parallel to be drawn with the way humans kept their cows and sheep and the way Kylo kept humans, but Kylo felt he treated his humans far more kindly than humans tended their sheep. Kylo reached over and petted his hair. Some of them needed petting to calm down. The boy flinched and gripped his skirts tightly in his fists, as if he were expecting a blow to the head instead of a caress. Kylo tried to shush him, gently encouraging him to at least nibble at a slice of bread. Usually this request was obeyed but it only seemed to make the boy withdraw in on himself more tightly. He tried to speak comfortingly, “Aren’t you hungry? It’ll get cold if you wait so long. Just take a little, dear, that’s all I ask.” “What’s the point?” asked the boy sullenly. Kylo crouched by his knees and reached up to continue stroking his hair. Looking up at the boy’s face he was dangerously close to crying as he rambled, “Keeping myself alive just so you can…use me…kill me…but if I go back you take someone else and I die anyways…what’s the god damned point?” Kylo sighed quietly and let him talk out his troubles, some of them needed to do that. Talk about their families, friends, plans that had been laid and ruined because of their luck. He continued to stroke his hair as the boy barely succeeded in choking back tears, “I don’t want to be here…I don’t want this…this is…” “Shh…I know. It’s not the plan you had for yourself is it?” Kylo tried to soothe. He wondered what the boy’s plan was. If he succeeded in killing a vampire, his lord, he was going to be found out and executed. Perhaps in his young, foolhardy mind he had been banking on escaping to another territory, perhaps another country, or escaping to North America. He stroked the boy’s hair, trying to console him, “But this can be pleasant. I don’t want you to be unhappy, dear.” He boy glared at him in spite of his flushed face and watery eyes, “What’s pleasant about being kept in a pen where you’re only purpose is to be used and slaughtered!?” Kylo moved his hand down and placed it over the boy’s clenched, trembling fist. He ran his hand over the smooth back of his hand lovingly, “I’m very gentle with the human’s I’m sent. I try to make them as comfortable as possible, and I promise, if and when you’re asked to give up your life, I will make it painless for you. Shh…don’t cry dear, that’s a very long time off. You don’t need to concern yourself with that now.” At the mention of painlessness fat tears finally began to fall from the boy’s eyes. His breath was hitching as he struggled to keep his voice quiet. Kylo patted his back, determined to help him stop crying, “It’s foolish to ask you to be happy right now, I know that. You’ll be missing your home terribly, and I know this is hardly where you imagined your life would take you. But this can be good. I’ll be very kind to you.” He continued to cry despite Kylo’s efforts, but he tried to will himself to be silent. Kylo continued to hush him and rub his back gently. He could not help admiring his warmth and the firm feeling of his flesh and felt terrible for thinking such things while the boy was so miserable. He furrowed his brow as he tried to think of what he could to do calm his little charge. He did not seem to want to be kissed or held, and he did need to eat something, preferably before his meal was cold. Humans, if he understood it correctly, preferred to have hot food. Kylo picked up a piece of toast that had been cut into four smaller morsels. It did not seem cold, but it was hardly fresh either. He pressed it to the boy’s lips gingerly as he pleaded, “Please take something. Just a bite of this. You’ll get pains if you don’t eat anything.” The boy sharply turned his head and his weeping seemed to be becoming harder to control. Kylo tried to press the toast to his lips again, “Just one bite dear. I’ll leave you to make your peace afterwards, I promise. Would you like it if I left you alone for a little while?” He clenched his jaw tighter. Kylo pulled the toast away, “Please? I don’t know what else I can do to convince you to eat.” The boy wiped his eyes with a lacy sleeve before he managed to choke out, “If humans eat food prepared by…creatures…they can never be with humans again.” Kylo started. That was the first time he had heard of that. Was it a sort of human custom? He wracked his brains, trying to recall if he had ever heard such a thing before. None of the other offerings had mentioned it, but then, they were often more accepting of the notion that their fate was unchangeable. He recalled a story but… Kylo shook his head slightly, “You’re thinking of fairies, dear…it’s alright, the food here won’t hurt you.” He pressed the toast to his lips again, “Please? You need something. You’re no good to anyone if you starve, least of all yourself.” Those words seemed to have an effect on him. He stiffened slightly and kept his eyes clenched as tightly as his fists. Slowly he parted his lips to let Kylo slip the toast between them. There was a soft, crunching sound before he pulled back, having barely nipped one of the corners. He chewed a little bit before he swallowed, and Kylo tried not to stare at his neck as his Adam’s apple bobbed up and down. He set the toast down and tried to give the boy what praise he could, “There, that’s a good boy. It didn’t hurt at all, did it? Can you manage more?” The boy shook his head. “I see…” said Kylo, pulling away despite not wanting to. He looked over the boy sitting sullenly in the chair, eyes shut tight and almost trying to make himself seemed smaller. The first few weeks were always the worst. He patted the boy’s hair, “I need to lock you in. I can’t have you running about trying to hurt me. But I’ll leave you alone, if you wish.” The boy nodded slightly. Kylo got up and looked at the pokers by the fire. He willed the wraiths to take them away, and any other instruments to boy could stab or pummel with. Their long, thin arms emerged from the shadows to take away the offending objects as well as the tray of mostly untouched food. The boy, with his eyes still shut tightly did not notice as they silently moved about in the shadows. Kylo desperately wanted to hold him, shush him, tell him he was not in such an awful place, but he knew from experience that at this stage it would only make him cry harder. “You might try sleeping…” Kylo suggested, opening the door and shifting through a waistcoat pocket for his keys. The boy made no reply and continued to sit with his head slumped forward, his hair obscuring his face. He would need it brushed, and it could probably stand a wash. Perhaps he could bring some things the boy could use to make himself presentable. They were pleasant necessities and Kylo was not going to withhold basic cleanliness from him. He thought he could still seem firm and fair if he let the boy have the basic comfort of a brush and a little water to wash himself with. “I’ll come back during lunch. Perhaps you’ll feel a bit more peckish then,” said Kylo, trying to coax the boy into at least giving him a ‘goodbye’ or some other acknowledgement. He gave no response though, leaving Kylo to sigh as he slowly shut him in and turned the lock. Chapter 3 Notes: Uploading super quick from a café. Sorry for any mistakes!! Kylo returned and was not sure what he expected to find, but he had not anticipated to find the boy sitting on the floor with his back to the fireplace. He had a singed shoe in his hand, which was covered in smuts and cinders. Kylo started, not having realized that in taking away the poker the boy might try to improvise one. That left him at something of an impasse. He could not leave something as potentially dangerous as a poker behind, but he could not allow the boy to keep trying to stoke the fire with a shoe, of all things. Besides, what on earth was he supposed to wear on his feet now? He had been lucky enough that there were large enough gowns lying around, but he doubted that he would be able to find a spare pair of shoes that might fit him. The boy did not look up when he entered. His elbows were resting on his knees, his head hung against his chest and the blackened shoe swinging from one of his fingers by its buckle and strap. The wraiths had brought him lunch, though Kylo was not sure if the boy had noticed yet. He shut the door behind himself and cautiously called out, “Hello dearest, are you well?” The boy glanced up before returning to his place against the wall and bringing his legs together, smoothing the skirts all the way down to his ankles to make sure he was well covered. He seemed a little bit wan in the face, which was bound to happen after a poor night’s rest and only eating a nibble of toast in the last twelve or so hours. He had the wraiths bring something else this time, some cold meats and cheese with a cup of water. Kylo was going to insist on the boy drinking the whole glass. Humans seemed to need water almost, if not more than they needed food. Kylo approached him, crouching on the floor beside him, trying to see if the boy required more serious attention. He was disheartened when the boy said softly, “I thought about throwing myself on the fire. I heard that these dresses catch quickly.” Kylo reached out and touched his hand, trying to reassure him, “I’m very happy you didn’t.” “Why? You don’t like to have your meals cooked? How uncivilized,” the boy muttered bitterly. Kylo was not going to argue with him. The boy was clearly starting to start something by saying that and Kylo refused to indulge him. Instead he repeated, “I’m very glad you decided not to hurt yourself.” “Stop pretending you’re kind. I know what you’re going to do to me,” said the boy, sounding more glum than vicious. At least that meant his temper had simmered slightly, as opposed to boiling the way it had been the night before. He seemed like less of a lost puppy and more like a jaded tomcat. There was something almost feline about his bright eyes and slender limbs. His disposition seemed more catlike as well, all salt and haughtiness. He looked around the room and growled, “This is a cage.” “It doesn’t have to be,” said Kylo. “When can I leave then?” the boy shot back immediately. Kylo sighed slightly, “Would they take you back after you’ve spent the night here? Where would you go?” The boy looked towards the intricately embroidered quilt and pretended to study the swirling leaves that the patterns were made of. He held his hands together, but was no longer pressing his fingers. Kylo took that as a good sign. He sighed, “I had arranged, after I’d killed you, to travel with a group of Romani people. I know them well enough from meeting them on the road so often. I was thinking of going to France, possibly America after that.” “Where would you have gone in America?” asked Kylo, trying to keep him talking. “New York,” said the boy quietly, “There are all sorts of people there. Immigrants arrive every day, I heard. It would have made me harder to track.” “I see,” said Kylo. It was a decent getaway plan. Nobody would suspect the Romani, who Kylo had never had any sort of trouble with, and if he recalled correctly, people from the towns and villages tended to avoid them. It would have been very easy for the boy to slip away with one of their caravans. Once he was out of the country, off the continent, the police and magistrates would certainly not have been able to find him. Moving about in towns and cities might prove difficult, but if he stuck to sparsely populated areas with a group of travellers, he just might have been able to make it to France and beyond. It was not a foolproof plan, but it was a very good one. Kylo tried to continue, “What would you have done in New York?” “I don’t know…I have some skills. I can read, I’m good with horses…” said the boy, shaking his head slightly before adding dejectedly, “I don’t know what I would have done, but I would have lived.” Kylo supposed for someone so young, who planned to live for many years, the idea of that time being cut short was a crushing one. The others had been aware of their shortened mortality, but the boy seemed to be very acute to it. He supposed the girls in the town had all grown up knowing that this was a fate that could very well befall them and that knowledge helped them resign themselves a little more easily. They still struggled, but they had more time to adjust to the notion that they might very well die young. The boy was twenty one. That seemed to be the age when human males supposed they would live forever and conquer the world. Perhaps he was aware of things like disease and accidents, but he might have been young and foolish enough to think that those fates were not to be his own. “So,” he began vindictively, “If this isn’t a cage, or a prison, or anything of the like, when can I leave?” Kylo tried not to lose his temper with him. He was barely out of childhood, and he was angry. He was going to be haughty. Kylo supposed young men were bound to be that way. He sighed, “You forget that you did attempt treason. I gave you a choice and you took your preference.” “It was hardly a choice!” snapped the boy, “I can’t stand all of your petting and patronizing! You’re my jailor! My executioner! You murdered people I knew! Don’t think I’m going to forget any of that because you hold my hand or pat me on the head!” Kylo was taken aback by his outburst and sat, stunned, as the boy rose to his feet at retreated to the furthest corner of the room before he sat down again. He was not sure how he was supposed to respond to that. His nature was what it was. He was the apex predator. He could feed on animals, but to stay strong enough to keep potential threats away from his territory, he needed human blood. In exchange for the blood of humans within his territory, he kept them safe from other vampires and creatures of the night. It was a life every few years in exchange for security. The boy might have understood its necessity, but to him the offerings were acquaintances, people he knew and had likely cared for. He used the term murder. He might have considered himself an accomplice for being in the carriage thirteen years ago. Kylo rose to his feet and saw the boy, curled up in his corner, hugging his knees to his chest. Kylo moved towards the bed and sat on it, allowing himself to come a little closer without invading the boy’s space. He spoke quietly, “The last girl…I called her Bell.” The boy stiffened and quivered before he spoke, “We called her that too…she liked bluebells…she used to embroider them into…” He was likely about to say ‘everything’. Kylo recalled the girl’s habit well enough. She was content to sit for hours in the room with sunlight stitching bluebells into any bit of fabric she could get her hands on. Kylo continued softly, “She became sick. I’m not sure how, but I sent for a doctor and did what I could for her. We agreed that…it was the kindest way to end her suffering.” “And the rest? Did they all just serendipitously become ill so you wouldn’t feel bad about killing them? Nastasia? Dasha? Veronika? Katya? Sa…Sasha?” asked the boy, his voice cracking when he came to the last name. Kylo could not give an answer to that, none that the boy would approve of. Bell had been the best companion out of all of them. He supposed it was petty of him, not liking some as much as others, and as a result not being able to remember certain names or faces. He had had so many humans over the centuries that he had forgotten some of their names until the boy mentioned them again. They had been his acquaintances, perhaps his friends, and he must have been sorry to lose them. “I won’t forget,” he growled from his corner, “And I won’t forgive you. I’m not going to forget what you’re planning on doing to me either.” Apologizing for his nature seemed a bit childish. Was a bear supposed to apologize for eating fish? Was a human supposed to be sorry for eating a pig? Was a dog supposed to feel guilty for hunting rabbits? It was hardly something he could beg forgiveness for, seeing as it was not something he could change about himself. He was a vampire, he fed on humans, that was the natural, if unfortunate, order of things. But just because he fed on them did not mean he wanted to be cruel with them. If a human adopted a dog knowing in a short decade he would have to put the animal, old, sickly and suffering, out of its misery, they still brought the little creature into their lives, their families, and gave it every possible kindness. It was going to be a difficult thing for the boy to come to accept though. That Kylo was just another creature, like him, who happened to prey on the weaker creatures he kept. That unfortunate reality did not mean there could be no amicability between them. Humans lovingly raised their livestock, often gave them names and had their favorites. “So you plan on hating me,” sighed Kylo. “I do hate you,” the boy spat. Kylo nodded quietly. He tried to remind him that the first few weeks were the worst, and had realized that the boy was lashing out from fear and anger, but the words still stung. He wanted to keep the boy. He had been soft and warm in his arms and looked so pretty. He was also a man, and it had been so long since he had another man not just for sex, but for simple companionship. But if he was going to insist on being spiteful then there could be no friendship between them. Kylo knew he would have to wait at least a month to see any significant shift in the boy’s demeanour, but in the meantime every hateful little word he snarled was like a needle to the heart. “I don’t hate you,” said Kylo, trying to sound gentle, “I want you to be happy, but you need to understand that there are consequences for your actions. You took that girl’s place-” “Illya!” the boy snapped, “Her name was Illya! You were going to kill her, at least bother to remember her name!” Kylo conceded, “You took Illya’s place to escape punishment for treason and to keep her safe. This is the consequence of the choice you made. It doesn’t have to be a heavy one.” “I’m going to die!” exclaimed Hux, his head snapping up as he stared at Kylo incredulously, “You’re going to fuck me and then you’re going to kill me! How exactly could the penalty get any worse than that!? If it weren’t for Illya being put in danger I’d have chosen the stocks and axe ten times over!” Kylo sighed. The boy was going to start spiraling again. He looked into his eyes, which seemed sad and tired, emotions that suited their bluish shade. Kylo simply repeated, “I don’t hate you. I’m not doing any of this because I hate you. It’s just circumstances being what they are, I can’t release you without taking someone in your place, and you clearly don’t want that. You made your plans and picked up your weapon of your own accord, and this where your decisions landed you.” Kylo paused, trying to find words to sympathize with him, even if he did not agree with them, “It isn’t fair, I understand that, but neither of us can change this. I’m going to need blood, and living out your last days here is better than being publicly humiliated before your execution.” The boy said nothing and Kylo continued, moving a little closer, “This isn’t the life you wanted. I understand. And because I understand I’m trying to make this as painless for you as possible. All I ask is that you understand I can’t allow you to be violent or unruly. Because the longer it takes for you to understand your position, the longer I’m going to keep locking you up and limiting your privileges. I don’t enjoy punishing you.” The boy’s eyes narrowed accusingly, his cool eyes veiled by fiery lashes as he scrunched his brow, “And I suppose you hated ordering me to strip.” “I don’t want to hit you. It forces me to become creative with punishments,” admitted Kylo, “I also needed to make sure you weren’t hiding anything in your skirts, again.” The boy kept his eyes narrowed, “And you wanted to see me naked.” Kylo felt he was sighing an awful lot lately. He admitted, “You are very beautiful. I wouldn’t mind seeing more of you, but that was hardly the point of punishing you that way. I needed to make sure you hadn’t made yourself something to stab me with and hidden it in your clothes. You also tried to assassinate me by dressing as a woman, now you’ll be dressed as a woman until you can be passive. Punishments ought to fit the crime. “Besides, it is part of your duty to provide pleasant company. I’m willing to give you time to adjust to your position and surroundings, but I’m within my rights to watch you undress if it suits me,” explained Kylo. “What exactly are my ‘duties?’” asked the boy sharply. “Simply put, to be my companion. To be agreeable and entertaining as often as you’re able. And of course, if my territories are besieged, you will provide blood to ensure I’m strong enough to mount a defense,” explained Kylo, thankful that the boy was at least listening now, “But given your history, I’m going to watch you closely and put limitations on you that I normally wouldn’t. When you prove you can be docile, you’ll find your situation much improved.” “So…like a pet…” said the boy glumly before muttering, “Worse than a pet…like a cow…” Kylo wondered what he could possibly do or say to make him feel better about his predicament. He needed to be dealt with firmly, but seeing the boy so upset was awful. He could not take back any of the restrictions he had given until the boy learned his place, but seeing him struggle not to cry and working through all of his frustration was heart-rending. Kylo tried to be reassuring, “I’d keep you very well. Once you learn you’ll want for nothing. I’ll be very kind to you.” “But how can you even think that when you’re just going to kill me!?” snapped the boy disbelievingly, “I…how can you possibly think any of this is kind?” The conversation seemed to be going in circles. It seemed he was not ready to accept, understand or be calm about anything. Kylo decided it was best to change the subject. The boy was just going to whip himself into another frenzy if this kept up. “Here, you need to eat something. You need water too. You’ll feel better if you eat,” offered Kylo, going to retrieve the tray from the table. He went back to the bed and held the tray in his lap. He was careful to stay outside the boy’s reach, just in case he decided to lash out again. It was no use if he accidentally provoked him. Kylo held out a small triangle of cheese, hoping the boy would take it. He had to be hungry by now. He’d only had a nibble of toast. He was closing in on what must have been a full day without a full meal. While vampires could go a few days on one or two pints of blood and not feel faint, humans required a steady diet to stay alive. The boy looked at it disdainfully before turning his head. Kylo frowned, regarding him sadly, “You need to eat, dear.” “Don’t call me that,” said the boy, “Or pet, or gem or darling or any of those things.” “But you do need to eat,” Kylo reminded him gently, leaning in a little closer, “Please?” The boy did nothing, so Kylo broke the already small piece of cheese in half before offering it out again, “Just a little. Enough to keep you well.” “I’m not hungry,” said the boy. “In a few hours you’ll start to get shakes, headaches and stomach pains,” Kylo pointed out, “I know you don’t want to hurt yourself, or jeopardize Irene-” “Illya!” snapped the boy, “You can’t even remember her name!?” “It’s been centuries…I can’t remember every name I hear,” Kylo tried to explain gently, “Very few people can remember everyone they’ve ever met or heard of. Can you remember the name of every person you’ve ferried across the country? That’s hardly the point though...please eat something. If you don’t eat I can’t keep you.” “The lesser of two evils,” said the boy jadedly. He looked down at the floor, “There’s…nothing I can do, is there? I’m…I’m going to die…” “Don’t think about that now…It’s such a long way off. Just think about making yourself comfortable,” said Kylo. He wanted to assure the boy it wouldn’t hurt. Kylo would do it quickly, when he was either sated from sex, or drowsy after making sure he’d had a pleasant final day. Saying that last time had only made him upset. Instead he moved closer and held the food out for him to take, “I know you don’t want to suffer so…just take a little. Enough to keep the pains away.” As Kylo wondered if he was going to have to hand-feed him again, the boy reached out and took it, carefully, trying to make sure their hands didn’t touch. He looked it over for a long time, considering it from every angle before nibbling at the corner. He ate quietly, always looking away, barely grazing the cheese with his teeth. Kylo wondered if the boy would let him sit next to him, perhaps touch his hair or stroke his cheek. It would likely be some time before he would want anything more intimate than gentle holding and petting. He didn’t want to make the poor thing cry again. He took the other half of the cheese and held it out, “You like this? I understand some humans don’t. Some of them even get sick.” “It made Katya sick,” noted the boy quietly, “She was…she was a seamstress…she mended my clothes a lot…” Kylo tried to recall the girl in question. Unless they got on extremely well or were irredeemably contemptible he had a hard time remembering them. He supposed that at least a small part of the boy’s motivation had been revenge. He remembered all the girls so clearly it seemed. He must have grown up with them. He had to have been about eight when Kylo had first seen him, and the girls were usually in their early twenties. Kylo wondered how or if the boy managed to make a personal connection with each of them. He nibbled at the cheese and seemed about to cry again, but he held back his tears. He was upset, but he was now at least taking steps to sustain himself. Kylo watched him, reaching for some meat to try to pass him next. He tried not to think about how pretty the boy was, how alluring he was when he looked away and how good his pale, living flesh had felt. It felt somehow wrong to think about him that way when he was so helpless and melancholy. When he was more himself, perhaps, but now it seemed inappropriate. He felt guilty whenever the thought crossed his mind. “Just this, then a cup of water,” said Kylo, holding out a thin slice of cold meat, “If you want more you can have more, of course. Is there something you enjoy eating?” The boy didn’t answer as he took the meat and ate it the same way he had the cheese. Kylo tried to continue, “I want you to eat. If having something you enjoy will help you eat, you can have it.” The boy shook his head slightly. It was not much of a response, but it was something that was not dread, anger or a mournful recollection. Kylo tried to talk to him. Start a conversation that had nothing to do with the future or other things that couldn’t be helped, “Humans eat so many different things. It all tastes like sand when I try to eat it.” Kylo handed him a cup of water. He seemed to have worked out most of his physical aggression and was now left with residual salt. All bark and no bite, which was for the best. The last thing he needed was for the boy to start biting again. He was trying to be patient, for both their sakes. Hopefully the boy would relent soon and allow himself to be coddled a little. It would do them both some good, Kylo thought. The boy could have some comfort and Kylo could put his arms around him without frisking for weapons or feeling guilty. “Do you have a name?” asked Kylo. The boy took the cup of water first, as if he was afraid Kylo might take it back if he said something displeasing. He muttered quickly, “Why should I tell you? You’ll just forget.” Kylo frowned slightly and rose to his feet, “I have to lock you in…don’t go near the fire again. There’s blankets if you get cold. I’ll be back to give you your dinner.” “Please…leave me alone…you keep saying you’re trying to be kind but this is…” said the boy quietly. Kylo moved to the door and resisted another sigh. He was trying to be kind, as much as he could afford to be given the circumstances. He was not sure what more he could do or say without letting the human walk all over him. Most others were far crueler with the humans they were sent, keeping them in cells until they were needed or discarded. Kylo had always thought he was being kind to them, none of them had ever stated otherwise. “Try to rest,” instructed Kylo, “I’ll come for you in a few hours. Perhaps you would like to wash as well? I can bring some things for you to clean and groom yourself. Would you like that?” Kylo would have preferred to groom the boy himself, to brush out his red tresses, shave the stubble from his face and perhaps give him a bit of a scrub with a wash cloth, but the boy wasn’t ready for that. He was far too distraught. If Kylo offered now it would only upset him more. He needed to be harsh with the boy, as it stood he was still dangerous and foolhardy, but Kylo did not want to hurt him. He needed to press him enough to make him learn, but there was no need for him to be cruel about it. For the time being the boy would be made to wear women’s clothing and dress himself in front of Kylo. That was punishment enough. The boy said nothing, and continued to say nothing. Kylo sighed, “Please? I need you to answer the question.” “I don’t want anything from you …” he nearly growled, spitting out the last word with spite. Kylo stiffened, unused to the venomous tone the boy was taking with him. He tried to think of something to say in reply. He could scold the boy, but he wasn’t in any sort of frame of mind to let a talking to sink in. Kylo tried to remind himself that the boy was distraught and adjusting, but he hated how rude he was being. He kept his lips pursed, trying not to bare his fangs on instinct in the face of his insolence. He waited by the door, hoping the boy might say something or make some motion to make amends. Under normal circumstances Kylo would have scolded, possibly shouted. Some humans needed to be kept on shorter leashes than others though. Compared to the boy’s penchant for fighting and stabbing, being a little snide was a minor offense, and could be overlooked for the time being. Kylo wished he would say something more though. A happy ‘goodbye’ was not likely to happen, but a little nod, a soft hum, anything would have been better than stillness and silence. Kylo sighed, dejected as he shut the door behind himself, locking it, and reminding himself one more time that the first few weeks were always the worst. If he was firm and persistent the boy’s thoughts of death would lose their edge and he would warm to the vampire who kept him. It was just going to take a little longer, be slightly more difficult, because he hadn’t undergone any sort of mental preparation for this. Surely there was something Kylo could do to speed it along though. He did not know the boy’s interests, aside from horses and vigilantism, or his favorite meals or anything of the sort. Not yet. But there had to be something he would like, something to take the frost out of his disposition without giving him any sort of notion that he was somehow in charge. He thought of the collection of soaps and clothing he had amassed. Each human he kept had their own preferences which he tried to accommodate, resulting in quite a bit of clutter. Perhaps he could have the boy look over the soaps and let him choose which scent he liked. Perhaps if he had that little bit of a choice he might be a little happier. He seemed to be upset by the idea of losing his freedom, but perhaps if Kylo could placate him with little choices his disposition would brighten slightly. Perhaps he would bring several nightgowns as well and let the boy take his pick. There was also the matter that he was a boy. Kylo was well equipped to accommodate a woman, but a man would have other needs. He doubted the boy would want any of the materials for needlework, but there were several decks of cards that the boy could entertain himself with. Eventually he would have to have clothing made for him, and in the meantime he would need more gowns tailored to his height and extra underclothes. He would need his own colognes, shoes, stockings, and perhaps some ribbons to keep his hair tied back. Kylo thought a pretty blue or green one might look nice. He made up his mind to collect all those things and bring them around at dinner. The boy would be starving by then and would want to eat more than half a mouthful of cheese and a sliver of ham. He would not be happy, but his hunger and loneliness would make him slightly more inclined to take food. Perhaps the cold would get to him as well. Kylo had not wanted to order him away from the fire, but when he mentioned throwing himself on it, Kylo knew he could not allow the boy anywhere near it until he was convinced the boy would not harm himself. Kylo went over his plan to himself. He would sort through the things and have them brought for the boy to make his choices, give him a decent meal, and perhaps then he would be slightly more open to conversation. He did not have to be happy or grateful, Kylo did not expect him to be, but he might be a little less snide. If he continued though… He was beautiful, but beauty did not make an ideal companion. Kylo was desperate to keep him, he was excited about the prospect of keeping a boy after so long, but if the boy in question was going to be miserable for the next two years it would hardly be worth it. “He’ll come around,” Kylo assured himself, long since becoming accustomed to speaking to himself when he was alone, he enjoyed the way his voice echoed in the empty halls. The boy would come around. He just needed a little more time. Chapter 4 Notes: I'm back from even more travels! I'm back home so I should have more time to work. Thank you so much to everyone who left kudos! And a HUGE MASSIVE EXTRA CHOCOLATEY THANK YOU to viella-art who drew some absolutely gorgeous art for the first two chapters! I meant to say thanks in the chapter three notes, but I only had a few minutes to upload :( Check out the art here!: http://viella-art.tumblr.com/post/149436840023/drawings-i-did-for-the-fic-life-after-death-and Also it's the early 1800s so Kylo uses the term 'oriental' to refer to Asia. Just a heads up. Kylo returned to find the boy perched on the bed, looking about wildly in the dark room. He was distressed, but not the way he had been before. His eyes were wide and tear-streaked, he hugged his knees to his chest tightly as he trembled. Kylo furrowed his brow and went to him immediately, “What’s wrong? Are you hurt?” “Hands…” the boy gasped, “I went to stoke the fire and…hands in the walls…they grabbed…th-they pushed me…” Kylo cocked his brow at that. Had the boy not noticed the wraiths at all? Thinking back, when they had brought and taken away food, the boy either had his eyes shut or he had been listless. The only time he might have noticed was when they held him in place, but it had been dark, and he had been whipping himself into a frenzy. He might have been too angry to notice. However, not that he had, he was clearly frightened by them. Kylo sat beside him, wrapping an arm around him to squeeze his shoulders reassuringly. “Shh, it’s alright, you don’t need to be afraid of them, they’re my servants,” explained Kylo. “S-servants?” repeated the boy. “Yes. They hear my thoughts and respond accordingly. They won’t hurt you,” assured Kylo. He rubbed the boy’s shoulder, “They’ll be your servants as well if you can learn to behave.” “Just keep them away,” whispered the boy fretfully. “It’s alright, just watch…put a fresh log in the fireplace and light it,” commanded Kylo. Several arms emerged from the shadows to fulfill their orders, carrying the materials they needed with them. The boy clamped his hands over his mouth to stifle a sound that was caught between a gasp and a shout. He pressed against Kylo, perhaps without meaning to as he shivered and watched the long, skinny hands setting a log on the glowing embers, trying to get it to catch fire. Kylo patted him reassuringly, “I thought you would have noticed them. What did you think was holding you when I caught you?” “M-magic…” the boy mumbled softly. The answer was absolutely precious. Did humans really know so little about other creatures? He had mistaken fairies for vampires earlier, so it was possible. He felt sorry for giving the boy such a fright, but he was glad the boy was voluntarily pressing against him and not fighting Kylo wrapping his arm around him. He pressed closer, trying to comfort the silly creature by nuzzling against him, “No, dear, we don’t use magic, we aren’t witches.” “I don’t want them near me,” said the boy fretfully. Kylo pulled him a little closer, savoring his warmth, “They are bound to the castle and to my service, I use them to help me…but if you like I’ll tell them to keep what distance they can.” The boy nodded slightly and Kylo petted his hair, “There’s a good boy, they won’t hurt you.” It took a few minutes for the boy to stop shivering, but he remained tucked against Kylo’s chest as he nervously watched the wraiths disappear into the darkness again. Kylo shushed him and stroked his hair. It was soft, if oily. He was going to need a bath fairly soon, but the boy was not going to like having to take a bath with Kylo in the room with him. There didn’t seem to be a way around it though. If left alone the boy might hurt himself or foolishly try to find a way to hurt Kylo. There was no need to think about that now though. As firelight and warmth slowly began to fill the room again the boy shivered less and seemed to become much calmer. Eventually he became confident enough to push at Kylo’s chest lightly. He stammered out awkwardly, “L-let me go…” “We discussed this,” said Kylo gently, “If I make an offer you may state your preference, but you haven’t earned the right to ask. Especially when it sounds like you’re making a command. That isn’t your place.” “Please,” said the boy more insistently, pushing a little harder. Kylo put a hand over the boy’s and tried to ignore his shining, fretful eyes and parted lips that seemed ready to start pleading. He stayed as firm as he could, “No…” The boy looked like he might cry again, but Kylo knew it was the only way he would learn. He stayed still, watching the boy for signs of disobedience. He looked like he was going to make a protest before looking away. In a minute or so he removed his hand. Kylo stroked his hair a little more, “That’s it, good boy…Now, would you like me to remove my arm?” “Yes,” said the boy quietly. Kylo released him and moved away. The boy kept his face downcast as Kylo spoke, “I’ll have some dinner brought. I’m sure you’re very hungry by now. I have some things for you when you finish. I hope you’ll like them.” The wraiths reappeared to set a bundle of clothing by the head of the bed. Hearing the noise the boy turned, and seeing the wraiths’ arms again he let out a horrified shriek and moved back, the dress skirts catching around his legs and making a quick escape impossible. Kylo reached out to keep him from accidently falling off the bed and held him tightly as the boy covered his head with his hands and began panicking all over again. It seemed he really hated the sight of the wraiths. It was not odd, but most adjusted to them more quickly. Kylo shushed him again, trying to calm him once more as the wraiths made their retreat. He whispered soft assurances that it was alright and nothing was going to hurt him. He must have had no knowledge of creatures or forces beyond his town and work. He had said he could read, and Kylo was sure he had some books that could help him learn. Kylo stroked his hair and rubbed his back as he trembled, “I’ll try to keep them out of your sight. I didn’t mean to frighten you. Here, look at me for a moment.” Kylo tipped the boy’s chin up and looked at him as kindly as he could as the wraiths deposited his meal on the table, trying to hold his attention and keeping his eyes away from where the servants were moving about. He stroked his cheeks as all the muscles in the boy’s face twitched under his fingertips. Kylo brushed the red lashes around the boy’s sealed eyes and tried to console him, “It’s alright, they’re gone now. You don’t have to be afraid.” The boy opened his eyes, but his trembling continued as Kylo continued to stroke his face. Kylo smiled down at him, “There, see? You’re alright.” The inviting smell of fresh food must have been wafting through the room, because the boy was starting to show obvious signs of being famished. Kylo could see him swallowing back saliva and could feel the organs in his stomach, pressed against Kylo’s chest, faltering slightly. He trembled, though that may have been from residual fear. Kylo patted the top of his head, “Would you like to eat?” “I don’t…like being watched,” said the boy. Kylo cocked his head slightly, “I thought humans liked company when they ate.” “We do but…it’s not the same if you just sit there watching,” said the boy. Kylo stroked the red hair and worked his fingers at a tangle, “What would you have me do, dearest? I can’t leave you alone to steal a knife while I’m not looking.” “I don’t know…” he replied quietly, “Maybe…read or, do something else…” “You have to promise not to take the knife or fork. If you do I’ll have to stop you,” warned Kylo, “Do you understand?” He gave a slight nod and Kylo released him. He pulled back hesitantly, watching the whole time as if Kylo would suddenly attack him. The dress bunched and crinkled around him as he moved, once more clearly showing that he had no idea how to move about properly in a gown. He slipped off the bed and stood, glancing at the table occasionally as he kept his eyes trained on Kylo. The vampire chuckled slightly, “Go ahead. Nobody else here can eat it.” The boy moved to the table and sat, deliberately willing himself to be slow. Perhaps if Kylo had not been watching he would have ravenously devoured it. Taking a quick sniff all he could detect was the boy’s stress and hunger as he did his best to restrain himself. The way he tried to maintain his dignity despite his obvious hunger was incredibly endearing. Kylo had never thought he would think pride and stubbornness sweet, but the boy was quickly proving him wrong. He watched him for a moment before moving off the bed to the bookcase where he kept a few of his favorite volumes. He looked over the spines and selected one, a book of suggestive French lithographs. He wondered what he might have done if the boy had thumbed through the books and discovered at least half of them had some pornographic content. He was a man, so perhaps he might have understood, but he was also quite finicky, and quick to become upset. He might have just as easily disapproved of them. However, he very much doubted the boy spoke any French, and Kylo could easily turn the pages away from any illustrations if the boy tried to peek. Still, it was odd that even given how angry he was, and the mess he had made in the pantry, he had not touched anything in the room. Perhaps the wraiths had startled him into keeping his place on the bed. Kylo settled himself on the foot of the bed and glanced over the words, not really registering them as the boy tried to eat slowly and quietly. He was failing. It was clear that he was starving, and yet he held back. It was incredibly telling with regards to the boy’s pride. The whole situation must have been humiliating to such a haughty creature. No wonder he had been so stubborn and resistant to being subordinate to anyone. “Is it to your liking?” asked Kylo, keeping his eyes on the page. The boy sounded like he nearly choked before muttering a quick, “Yes.” “Would you like more?” asked Kylo. The boy hesitated for a moment so Kylo added, “You can have more if you need it. I’m not going to let you starve.” “I shouldn’t, I’ll make myself sick,” said the boy quietly. “Do you get sick often?” asked Kylo. The boy seemed to have a frail build. It was not such a stretch of imagination to think he might easily become sick as well. “I’m used to skipping meals. If I eat too much after not eating for a long time, I get sick,” he explained even more quietly. Kylo hummed quietly. The boy was a coach driver, so that made sense. On long journeys, especially ones that were hasty, he may not have had time to eat. He had not made mention of a parent, wife or sibling who might have prepared a meal for him to take with him. Did the boy live alone? He had not spoken of any family, and surely if any of the girls Kylo had taken were relations he would have mentioned it by now. He tried to think of what sort of life a coach driver must live. He likely saw many places, but likely on someone else’s schedule with little free time to explore. It was a baser profession, and potentially dangerous due to highwaymen and wolves, but it was still respectable work. He was probably a welcome part of his community, hardly ostracised by any means, though he was likely away fairly frequently thus not as involved as he might have been in a more stationary profession. It made him think though, what would a coach driver like? With most of the women, if they had a profession at all, they had professions that involved child rearing or home making. The boy was involved in something else entirely. His work involved long days on the road or caring for horses. He might not have had an interest in training himself to become accomplished in gentlemanly pursuits. What use could he possibly have for them? While women were actively encouraged to become accomplished in arts as a show of status, men, especially single, proud, somewhat unruly men who spent most of their time with horses may not have been subjected to such pressures. “When you finish come here. I brought some things for you to look at,” said Kylo, “The wraiths will come for the dishes when you’re done, so-” The boy practically bolted to the bed at the mention of wraiths, causing Kylo to start slightly. None of the humans he had kept enjoyed being in the company of wraiths, but the boy was the first to be so completely terrified by them. Just them mention of them was enough to make him dash across a room. Kylo looked over at him with some surprise before wiping some sauce from the corner of the boy’s mouth. He shrank back slightly, but his fear of wraiths kept him far from the walls. Kylo supposed, between vampires and wraiths, vampires might have been a more comforting presence, resembling humans in a way wraiths never could. “Well…that’s more like it,” said Kylo with some surprise, closing the book and tossing it aside. He gestured at the head of the bed, “I’ve brought some clothing for you to look at. All dresses you’ll find, I hope you can appreciate why that is by now. But I thought you might like to choose a nightgown for yourself and something to wear tomorrow.” The boy glanced at the head of the bed at all the white, lacy nightgowns and frowned at the sight of them. Kylo reached for one and held it up for the boy to examine, “I think this would be very flattering.” “I can see right through it,” said the boy, wrinkling his nose in disgust. “They do tend to be a little sheer,” admitted Kylo, “You’re free to choose whichever one makes you the most comfortable. I’m sure there’s a thicker one if you prefer that.” “I do prefer that,” said the boy, whose disdain and pride seemed to have overridden his fear for the moment. He rose and went to the head of the bed, examining the nightgowns before exclaiming, “I can see through all of them!” Kylo shrugged lightly, “You’ll be under blankets for the most part.” The boy narrowed his eyes slightly, the firelight flickering in his blue-green irises beautifully as he growled out, “Punishment or no, you can’t deny that this is completely perverted.” “I don’t have anything else that would fit you,” explained Kylo. He shrugged lightly, pretending to be aloof, “Of course, you could always sleep naked. I wouldn’t mind. It’s better for transferring heat.” The boy made a sort of hissing noise before he turned back to the nightgowns, not really caring about the lace work and looking only at which fabrics were the least translucent. He settled on one, holding it up and looking down at it ruefully. Kylo hummed his approval as he looked it over, “It’s very fetching. I think you’ll look quite nice in them.” The boy scowled and tossed the nightgown on the bed. Kylo moved to the opposite side, sifting through the dresses and nightgowns before he found soaps and some brushes and combs, “You’re going to need to wash, but…please understand I can’t leave you with anything you might use to hurt me or yourself.” The boy crossed his arms and watched Kylo apprehensively, “So you want to watch me bathe too.” “If I gave you a basin filled with water to wash with you could smash it and use the shards as weapons,” Kylo pointed out, “And if I gave you a metal pot or pan you could swing it like a club. It’s in both our best interests if I keep an eye on you for a little longer.” Scowling, the boy looked away as Kylo tried to placate him, “You can scrub yourself, turn your back, use your clothes to hide yourself, but I can’t leave you alone to wash.” “And this gives you absolutely no pleasure…” the boy growled. “Whether it does or doesn’t won’t change anything. You need to be watched,” said Kylo firmly. He looked Hux over, “And besides, you’re here at my pleasure, not your own. If I want to look at you, that’s my right.” “You said this was a bit like being a bride. I don’t think any respectable man would treat his bride like this,” the boy argued. “And no respectable bride would try to murder her husband after taking her vow, yet here we are,” countered Kylo. He leaned over the bed and tossed a brush over to the boy’s side, “You can use that to get rid of the tangles. I have some ribbons if you like to keep it braided or away from your face.” “And what’s all the soap for?” asked the boy cautiously. “I have a lot, there are many different scents. You can choose the ones you like best,” explained Kylo. He prodded one, “I think this one would smell good on you. It’s scented with a flower from the orient. Yang-lang, if I recall correctly.” “Is there anything…plain?” asked the boy. He might have intended to ask, ‘are there any for men?’ and thought better of it. Kylo shook his head slightly. He thought, despite most of them being floral, that the soaps smelled just as nice on men as they did on women. However, he made note of the boy’s preference. It might make a good reward for the boy if he decided to be good. The human looked them over, but seemed hesitant to touch anything. “You should smell them. You can have the ones you like,” said Kylo. The boy glared over at him, “You can’t buy me with presents.” “I’m not trying to,” said Kylo. The silly boy still had not seemed to realize that for all intents and purposes, Kylo owned him. Circumstances led the boy to volunteer himself as Blood Tax, after all. It was worrying that he still thought he had a chance of running off in spite of that. Kylo could not recall if other boys he kept were ever this difficult to acclimatize. “You’d need more than soap, anyways,” the boy quipped, picking up a bar and turning it over. He sighed, “I don’t know what any of these are.” “You came with just the clothes on your back, and even those were borrowed. I thought you might like something to call your own,” said Kylo. “Can’t you understand?” said the boy. He was quiet, but he seemed to be frustrated as he said with no small amount of exasperation, “You killed my friends. You’re going to kill me. I don’t want anything from you. I know I have to stay but…please, stop pretending to be nice.” Pretending? Kylo leaned over, trying to keep his expression soft, “I’m not pretending. I do hope someday you’ll come to enjoy my company. I want to enjoy yours. You’re lovely, and you’re more interesting than most…” He sighed slightly, “If you don’t want anything I suppose I can choose for you. But, if ever you like, you can pick one for yourself. Perhaps you’d like to select a gown? You need to wear something. I thought you would like being allowed to choose something. Was I wrong?” The boy looked away, “Please understand…I don’t like any of this. I know I have to stay, that I have to…to die…and for Illya’s sake I won’t back out, but…I don’t like this. This isn’t what I wanted. If it was all personal preference with no consequence, I never would have chosen this. I’d prefer if you locked me up and treated me like a prisoner. It’s what I am so…I’d prefer it if you were transparent with me.” Kylo furrowed his brows. The boy was not exactly free to come and go as he pleased, but he was no prisoner. When he calmed down, when he learned the rules and what behaviour was acceptable, he could have anything he could have wanted. This may not have been freedom, but Kylo was not running a gaol. He watched the boy thumb at the fabric of the nightgown. He did not seem to understand that this change of pace did not have to be such a sad thing. Time. He just needed more time. He was starting to accept that he had to stay, so it would just take a little longer for him to accept Kylo’s kindnesses. He considered making him. Having him choose meals, clothing and soaps, otherwise he would not get them at all, but refrained. That was too harsh. The boy did not seem to be attempting to be rude, he was simply having a hard time adjusting. There was nothing aggressive about his tone or stance. His head was hung and his eyes were trained on the dresses and nightgowns. He was just upset. It was no good punishing him for being emotional. If he turned violent that was one matter, but if it was just nerves and tears there was no sense in disciplining him for having feelings. “I’ll choose some for you then. I hope you’ll like them,” said Kylo. The boy made no response so the vampire continued, “I’m going to have the wraiths take the others away. If you don’t want to look, you can stand by the fi-” The boy practically leapt off the bed to stand facing the fireplace. It seemed if Kylo was ever desperate to make him move, he would simply have to tell the boy that he was summoning the wraiths to perform some chore or another. The silent servant’s pulled the extra clothes and soaps back into the shadows to put them away. Kylo took a moment to watch the boy by the fire. Waiting for humans to adjust was always terrible. He wanted nothing more than to gather the boy up in his arms, cradle him, stroke his hair and kiss his pretty lips, but he was not ready for that. The boy would hate it. He said he hated Kylo too. Frowning at that memory Kylo hoped the boy would see how ridiculous he was being. By denying the situation he was in and insisting on being spiteful and fussy he did himself more harm than good. Perhaps he would not mind being held though. Nothing too forward, just an embrace from behind. No groping, frisking or looking for hidden weapons this time. Though, as Kylo recalled, the boy had been excited by being held and touched that way. It made Kylo hopeful that he would slowly become a bit more receptive to the idea of being caressed that way. He moved quietly behind the human and slowly, carefully, trying to give him plenty of time to move away if he wanted to, Kylo settled his hands on either side of the boy’s waist. The boy stiffened and his breathing quickened, but otherwise he did not move. Kylo slowly began to touch him more firmly, giving him a chance to evade him before wrapping his arms around him and settling against the warm crook of the boy’s neck. Inhaling through his nose, Kylo caught the faintly lingering scents of horses, stables and dust from the road. He closed his eyes as he held the human tightly against his chest, “Do you know why vampires love to have humans like this?” “No…” replied the boy softly. “You’re warm,” said Kylo quietly, listening to the thrum of blood pumping through the boy’s veins, spreading heat and life through his body. He was slight, but incredibly warm, much more so than most of the girls he had kept before. He whispered to the boy, “I can’t warm myself the way you do. Fire is all well and good when warmth is wanted, but it can be too intense.” “So, it’s true then. You’re…” said the boy hesitantly. He lowered his voice slight, “…you’re really dead?” “I suppose so, after a fashion,” replied Kylo. He nuzzled against the boy’s shoulder and neck before asking, “May I kiss you?” “No,” said the boy quickly, settling his hands over Kylo’s and gingerly pushing at them. Kylo inhaled sharply through his nose. The boy was getting excited again, but he was denying himself the pleasure his body wanted him to take. There could have been any number of reasons for that, not least of which was the boy’s declaration of hatred for him. No matter what the case though, it seemed he liked being held like this, and if he had a partner he was fond of he might have enjoyed being kissed like this as well. Kylo gave him a fond squeeze instead before instructing, “Dress yourself and come to bed then.” The boy started slightly, “Bed…with you?” “Of course. It’s part of why you’re here. A pan full of coals suffices, but humans are more ideal for warming a bed,” explained Kylo. When he felt the boy’s pulse quicken he tried to explain, “I won’t force myself on you, I only want to lie next to you.” “So I’m a literal bed warmer,” said the boy sourly. “And a very pretty one at that,” Kylo teased slightly before gently amending, “No, no, you’re much more than a bed warmer. We’re going to live together for many years, I hope. I do want for us to at least be cordial.” “I suppose that’s why you’re about to watch me change clothing,” muttered the boy dryly. His penchant for sarcasm was a touch grating, but perhaps it could become endearing. If he could cultivate and temper it into a more conversational wit it would be much more becoming. Kylo let go and smoothed the boy’s hair down, “If you didn’t want to be punished you shouldn’t have cross-dressed and pulled a gun on me. Go on, get dressed.” Kylo moved back and immediately missed the boy’s warmth. Unable to retain it, the heat fled fairly quickly. He moved to his wardrobe and wondered briefly why the boy had not opened it and rifled through his clothes. Perhaps he understood that trying to change would earn him additional penalties, or perhaps he held some superstition about taking things that belonged to vampires. Or perhaps it was the fact that nothing of Kylo’s would have fit him properly. Everything would have been an inch or two too short and several inches too wide. He would have drowned in one of Kylo’s dress shirts. He changed his clothes quickly and almost immediately heard the boy stop stirring. He must not have been expecting Kylo to dress with him. He looked over his shoulder and saw the boy bashfully staring at the ground. This could not have been his first time seeing another naked man. The suddenness of it must have been what shocked him. He grinned slightly as he said, “Of course I change here too, darling, it’s my chamber after all. If you don’t dress quickly I’ll finish first and have nothing to do but watch you.” That seemed to get him moving quicker. Kylo changed into his nightshirt and turned in time to see the boy struggling with a button at the nape of his neck. Kylo bit back a laugh and moved forward, causing the boy to look up and call out, “I don’t need your help, I can do this myself.” “Of course you can,” said Kylo, sitting on the bed to watch the pretty human struggle with his clothes. The nightgown he had selected was the most opaque of the bunch, but white linens always tended to be just a little sheer. In the firelight and with his enhanced vision Kylo got a decent view of the boy’s slender form as he reached his arms up and behind him to try to get the final button through its loop. His legs were very thin, though Kylo supposed he ought to have expected that given how slim the rest of him was. The gown left little of the boy's frame to the imagination. He was slim and sinewy, once more reminding Kylo of a little cat, hopefully one who loved to be stroked and would be eager to mewl for him. He offered, “If you wanted help I would gladly give it to you.” “I’ve almost got it,” said the boy stubbornly. With his chest all but exposed when it was pushed out like that, Kylo had to fight back the urge to approach the boy and start petting him again. Before he had been too focused on goading the boy into attacking and searching for weapons to get much enjoyment out of touching him. He remembered registering his softness and his warmth though. “There,” declared the boy, shaking out his arms. With a slightly haughty look he added, “I told you so.” “So you did,” said Kylo, trying not to laugh at how proud he seemed with the simple accomplishment of fastening a button by himself. He patted the bed, “Now come here. Let me look.” The boy’s eyes widened slightly at that. Kylo remained firm and held his hand out and beckoned him to come closer. The boy tried protesting, “But…you did that before…” “And I want to do it again. I gave you an order and you will obey it,” said Kylo firmly. He closed and opened the fingers on his outstretched hand, signaling for the boy to come forward, “Be good and come here.” The boy approached slowly, cautiously. Kylo had seen a squirrel do the same thing when a child had been offering it food. It would come forward, nervous, but drawn in by the little treat, always staying just out of reach. That would not do though. The whole point of asking the boy to come forward was so that he would be within his grasp. As he inched in closer Kylo patted his own thigh, “Sit.” “Excuse me?” demanded the boy, sounding offended. “Sit,” insisted Kylo, “Sit on my lap and let me look at you.” “No,” said the boy, “That’s completely-” “Within my right to ask,” said Kylo, “We’ve been having a fairly pleasant evening so far, don’t ruin it with that temper of yours. Be good and sit.” The boy was hesitant. Kylo glanced over the little human’s shoulder, “Stand there if you like, but I’m going to have a wraith come and stoke the-” The boy sat on his lap, using it as a vantage point to turn and watch around the room. Kylo grinned to himself and settled a hand around the boy’s slim hips. He had managed to check over a few things before, but in addition to wanting to pet and dote on his little human, he wanted to ensure he was in good health. Bell had always seemed so healthy, then, very much without warning, there was blood in her lungs. She would insist she was fine, coughing up the little droplets, that with rest and air and sunlight she would be alright…To make sure the same wouldn't happen to the boy Kylo wanted to listen to his breathing. “Good boy. Now, come here and lie on the bed,” said Kylo, “Lie however you like, all you have to do is lie still and sleep.” “You first,” said the boy. Kylo arched his brow at that. What did the boy expect to gain from that? Certainly not leverage. A human, even a strong one, could not win a bout with a vampire unarmed. No matter what the boy had planned, it would not work. There was nothing in this room that could do Kylo any harm and the boy could not hope to overpower him. He decided to humour the boy and moved to his usual side, settling under the blankets. The boy observed this and looked over the bed before sitting on the opposite side and trying to lie as far from Kylo as he possibly could. That must have been his plan. Kylo chided him softly, “No, that’s too far, come closer.” The boy shuffled a little closer. Kylo closed the distance between them and lay flush against his back for a moment, just to listen, "Shh...that's it, that's a good boy." He paused for a few moments before pulling back and settling more comfortably against his human. His breathing sounded clear, hopefully he would be alright. There was always a new disease ready to kill scores of humans every few centuries. Kylo had seen various plagues and fevers, consumption was just the next in a long line of illnesses. He ran a hand over the boy's side, eliciting a gasp and causing him to tense up, "It's alright darling." “Don’t call me that,” said the boy adamantly. “Then tell me your name,” countered Kylo, moving in a little closer. The boy let out a light huff from his nose before turning away. Kylo sighed, “If you don’t tell me your name, I’ll have to give you one, and I promise you’ll hate it.” The boy said nothing, so Kylo mumbled to himself, “Ginger’s too obvious…Could call you Feisty, with the way you act…I do want it to be something to do with red though. Hm…I could call you Holly, but that’s a little too festive…Sunrose…Iris…Azalea…Honey Bush…” Kylo grinned to himself and ran his fingers through the boy’s hair, “Honey Bush. Oh, I like that one. I do have to call you something. Honey Bush it is.” He felt the boy stiffen before looking over his shoulder to glare at the vampire. Kylo regarded him smugly, “Hm? Don’t you like it, Honey Bush? Doesn’t it suit you darling? My sweet little Honey Bush?” “Armitage.” Kylo started at that as the boy turned onto his other side to face him and glared, “My name is Armitage. Now go to sleep.” Kylo cocked his brow slightly, “Armitage is a French name…” “It is, isn’t it?” said Armitage noncommittally as he settled against the pillow. Kylo settled his face across his arm beside to look Armitage over as he seemed to have some sort of staring match with the pillow. He gave the boy a scrutinizing glance, “We’re very near Russia…how did you come to possess a French name?” “It was given by a Frenchman I suppose,” replied the boy with a slight shrug. That seemed to be the only answer he would get, but Kylo could only imagine the rest. A troupe of Napoleon’s men had passed through a couple decades or so ago. It was not hard to imagine one of them must be the boy’s father. Kylo knew none of the soldiers had stayed, so he could not have been born by the soldier’s own wife. Surely they would have kept their child. It was more likely he was a bastard. The man might not have even known he had left a son behind. So the boy was an unwanted, bastard son of a Frenchman. That seemed the most logical conclusion. “Pretty and exotic…” mused Kylo, reaching over to touch one of the bright locks of hair, “If I’d known about you I’d have requested they send you to me years ago. What a gem you turned out to be.” “As if my hair wasn’t enough fuel for your fetishes,” mumbled Armitage, turning onto his other side, “Wonderful.” Moving closer, Kylo pressed himself to Armitage’s back, taking in his warmth. He cautiously placed a hand on the boy’s side, feeling him cringe slightly, but not pulling away. The longer he lay beside him, the more he trembled. Kylo sniffed the air and took in an overwhelming amount of apprehension. Furrowing his brow he shushed the boy quietly, “Shh…it’s alright. I’ll only lie beside you, Armitage, nothing else…” Kylo tried stroking his side to calm him down. He kept his movements slow and rhythmic, as comforting as he could be as he hushed him softly, telling him what a good boy he was being. Armitage kept his body stiff and ridged for a long time before he finally started to relax. Kylo kept soothing and shushing him until he felt the boy’s lithe form become limp under his touch. When that happened he slowed, careful in case the sudden loss of contact and movement woke him. Kylo only stopped when he was confident that Armitage had fallen deeply asleep. He had probably been tired. A night in the pantry could not have made for a good night’s rest at all. Kylo expected had their positions been reversed, he would have fallen asleep as soon as his head touched a soft pillow. He listened to the human’s heart beat steadily and his slow, even breathing. Cautiously he wrapped a hand around Armitage’s chest and pressed against his neck. He wanted to kiss him, and even though he was not hungry at the moment he felt the urge to nip at his neck. He had such a long, pale throat, it seemed almost perfect for nibbling. Nowhere near his arteries or any of the big veins, just enough get a small taste of him. A vampire’s bite did not have to be fatal, and though he was obliged, bound, to take a human every few years, he would have been just as happy to keep a young one for several decades. The system had been in place for a little less than a thousand years though, and it worked. Humans, who lived in packs, were more likely to be subservient when their own were threatened. Taking one of them every few years was a necessary show of power, a sign of what could be done to all of them if they fell out of line. It was not without benefits to both sides though. The humans under a vampire’s lordship were protected from other creatures, and vampires required human blood to stay at their best physical condition to defend them. The relationship was both symbolic and symbiotic. It worked, and yet Kylo wished he could keep the humans who were sent to him just a little longer. It always seemed like he barely got to know them before he was obligated by custom to take a new one. He managed to argue to keep a few of them, though he had not always been successful. He looked down at Armitage. He was very lovely, but he did not want to be kissed, he was terrified of wraiths, and he had declared his hatred. Kylo knew that he was already very attracted to his new human though. The novelty of having a man again, his enchanting red hair, his exotic heritage and physical beauty somehow managed to trump how rude, crass and hostile he was. If Armitage came to like him Kylo knew he would fall in love with him. This had happened enough times for Kylo to figure out the rhythms and patterns of his feelings. And yet, his spiteful announcement that he hated Kylo still rang in his ears. There was a possibility that Armitage might not come to like him at all. There was still time though. It would be a month at least before anything could be reasonably predicted. The boy was still very emotional, still shocked, and his new home would need time to grow on him. Kylo pressed him close, feeling his heart beating under his hand. He sighed. He desperately wanted a taste, just a drop of blood from a pinprick would be enough. He was sure Armitage had a very smooth taste, sweet and savory. Kylo willed himself to stop thinking about that. He would just make himself hungry at this rate. He could have a rabbit or sheep in the morning if he needed something, but for now he was comfortable and did not want to get out of bed, and Armitage was in no state to have the finer points of vampiric feeding explained to him. If the boy panicked and struggled there was a risk Kylo might bite too deeply and the boy’s passionate state would cause him to bleed uncontrollably. Usually if he got hungry during the night and didn’t want to move he took up a book of lithographs until sexual hunger drowned out his appetite. He could not exactly do that with the human lying next to him though. If Armitage woke up and found Kylo aroused it would take ages to calm him and explain the situation. Besides, it was getting to a point where his body was so used to becoming aroused when he felt hunger that he was beginning to have trouble dissociating sex from feeding. He moved his hand down to Armitage’s stomach so his heartbeat would be less pronounced. He was very lithe and smooth. He had very little muscle, but what the small amount he did possess was very nicely toned. Kylo liked how soft women tended to be, but he had missed the way a man’s body felt under his hands. He couldn’t resist moving his hand slightly, admiring the smoothness of the boy beside him. Kylo sighed, knowing he had to stop in case the boy woke up. The first few weeks were the worst. If he was lucky though, the boy would come around. Depending on Armitage’s own proclivities and rhythm, he might even request it. He must have drifted off as he considered those thoughts. In what felt like a few minutes the fire had died and it suddenly felt very cold. Feeling beside him, Kylo could not feel anything next to him, and the bed was cold. Kylo bolted up, realizing that Armitage was gone, and must have been gone for some time. He checked the key around his neck and was grateful to find it still dangling from its cord. The boy hadn’t gone off exploring it seemed. Where could he have gone? Even if he slipped out of the room there was nowhere he could have gone. The wraiths would have prevented him from leaving the castle. He turned to the shadows and hissed sharply, “Find him. Bring him back.” The shadows in the walls stayed put for a moment before one of them stretched forward towards the dying coals. Kylo looked where it was pointing, and seeing nothing got out of bed. He found Armitage lying on the floor at the foot of the bed in front of the fireplace. He sighed with relief, thankful that the boy had not gone far or done anything stupid. At this rate though Kylo was going to have to keep doors locked while they slept to make sure Armitage did not go wandering off. The wraiths moved in long shadows across the floor before settling themselves next to the boy, beginning to take hold of him gently, obeying their order to bring him back to their master’s bed. “It’s alright, I’d rather do it myself,” said Kylo quietly, moving beside his human, “You’re absolutely determined to be naughty, aren’t you? Such a troublesome thing…” It was shockingly easy to lift him. The boy was incredibly light. Kylo expected that even if he was not a vampire he would be able to pick the boy up with little difficulty. He took a moment just to marvel at the little form, dressed all in white and sleeping peacefully in his arms. Kylo wanted to kiss him very badly, just a peck on his cheek, but decided it would not have been a good idea and put him back to bed instead. He laid him out carefully and this proved to be nearly as bad of an idea. Seeing him lying on his bed in such a thin garment was giving Kylo stirrings. He scowled slightly and tried to will the urge to clamber on top of him away. He pulled the duvet over top of him and tucked him in. “Positively infuriating,” Kylo muttered to himself, walking to the other side of the bed to settle in. If he moved too close he would just get hungry again, or aroused, but he wanted the warmth. He could press his back against him. Kylo decided that was best. If he faced Armitage he would just want to nip his delicate neck and kiss his dainty lips, and that would not help either of them in the long run. He settled his back against the human and sighed. He would have to give him a talking to in the morning. No naughty humans getting out of bed without good reason when they were expected to stay. Kylo had wanted to avoid physical punishments, but that little bit of mischief might have earned Armitage a few swats. Not hard, just enough that he would learn sneaking out of bed to sleep on the floor was not good behaviour. “Very naughty boy indeed…” Kylo muttered to himself as he drifted off again. Chapter 5 Summary: Shit gets kinda real in this chapter. Kylo needs to learn to handle his human with a little more care and delicacy than most... And on another-nother note WE HAVE MORE FANART! Viella-art did some more drawings that you can check out here: http://viella-art.tumblr.com/post/149945516428/some-more-art-for-anorlosts-beautiful “That’s a joke, isn’t it?” asked Armitage shakily. Kylo stared down at him and watched him gather the duvet up over his chest as he sat up, trying to adequately cover what the thin nightgown could not. He tried to look at the boy sternly as he crossed his arms over his chest, “What did I tell you to do last night?” The boy furrowed his brows. He seemed to be searching for which part exactly had earned him his punishment. Kylo explained it for him, “You were to lie still and warm the bed, but you got up in the middle of the night to lie on the floor instead. If you needed to use the bedpan or needed to get yourself a drink that would be one thing, but it seems you did it for no good reason. Care to explain why?” Armitage glared back, “Because I don’t want to sleep with you, obviously.” Kylo sighed through his nose, “You have to learn to do as you’re told. In this house, naughty humans who don’t behave themselves get punished. Do you understand?” The boy looked away sourly, though obviously unnerved. He probably had not been given swats since he was a child. More of a child than he was, at any rate. Kylo sat on the bed and patted his own leg, “Come here, over my knee.” Armitage looked him over before turning away again. Kylo tapped his finger against the duvet impatiently, “You’re going to be given a spanking. I can do it, or the wraiths can do it. Your choice.” That got his attention. Armitage glanced over fretfully, “You…you wouldn’t…” “If you’re not going to be good and let me do it, I’ll have my servants do it for me,” said the vampire casually, “Now will you come or shall I have them chase you?” The boy screwed his face in displeasure and sat for a moment, weighing his options. He sighed as he slipped from under the duvet and stood in the middle of what, for him, must have been a dark room. He stared down at Kylo, who patted his leg again and waited for Armitage to bend over top of his lap. The boy edged closer, but seemed unwilling to actually get on his knees to get it over with. Having enough of his hesitance, Kylo seized him by the front of the nightgown and pulled him down. Armitage let out a grunt and gripped Kylo’s legs, scrambling at first to push himself back up. A hand on his back put a stop to that, with the vampire’s strength enough to keep him pinned in place. Once he got a feeling for how useless his struggling was, he eventually stilled. Cautiously, Kylo pulled his hand away and the boy stayed in place. He petted his hair gently as a reward, “Hold still now. Be good and we won’t have to do this again.” The boy’s breath hitched as Kylo hiked up the nightgown, “Wh-what are you doing!?” “Just getting this out of the way. Hold still,” grumbled Kylo. The boy made to bolt up again so Kylo held him down. The vampire growled warningly, “Don’t…” Armitage’s breath quickened and Kylo could feel his cheeks radiating heat as his shame made itself visible. He waited for the boy to still himself again before Kylo released him. Not in any sort of mood to be playful he raised his hand and gave the boy a firm swat on his bare backside. Nothing too painful. Nothing that would leave marks or welts, just enough to serve as a warning. He let out a little gasp and grasped Kylo’s leg. The vampire called out, “That’s one.” He brought his hand down for a second swat and felt Armitage go tense and shiver against him. He let out a slight whimper, which Kylo thought was exaggerating a great deal as he announced, “Two.” He was about to go in for the third and final swat when he accidentally caught the scent of what was happening. Having breathed in to speak he detected the slightest hints of arousal in the air. Kylo stared down at the boy incredulously. He quietly sniffed the air, trying to figure out what to do with this newfound information. The boy liked this, clearly, but Kylo also sensed fear and confusion. He must not have known the punishment would have this effect on him. Kylo grinned slightly to himself. He was only going to give him three swats, but five would not be overdoing it… “Three,” said Kylo, bringing his hand down again and watching the boy shiver. He instructed his naughty pet, “Call out the last two.” Kylo slapped him again and Armitage shakily muttered, “…f-four…” “They don’t count unless I can hear you,” said Kylo, bringing his hand down again. “Four!” Armitage squeaked. “That’s better,” said Kylo, trying not to enjoy his final swat too much. “F-Five,” said Armitage. “There, that wasn’t so bad,” said Kylo, pulling the nightgown back down over his legs, “Now what have we learned?” Armitage stood and pulled away immediately, fleeing to the chair where he had taken his meal the night before. He was red faced, angry and ashamed, refusing to look at Kylo. It seemed he had invoked the little creature’s disdain again. Kylo sighed, “You need to learn .” “That was…completely humiliating…” seethed the boy. “And it will continue to be humiliating until you can follow instructions,” said Kylo, becoming exasperated, “I don’t like being this way with you but I’m not going to let you think you’re in charge around here. While you live here you need to do as you’re told.” He looked ready to cry again. Kylo furrowed his brows, he had not meant to make him cry. He didn’t think a light spanking would upset him so much. Kylo sighed, “I’ll give you another chance tonight. If you behave yourself I’ll take you to the study and you can choose something to read.” Armitage looked more confused than angry. He was plenty angry, of course, but the source of his vexation seemed to be his unexpected stirrings. The idea of it seemed to cause him shame. Humans often had silly notions like certain acts being more shameful and depraved than others. He might have thought himself somehow devious. Kylo did not want to apologize, it was counterintuitive to everything he was trying to accomplish. Kylo laid out the boy’s clothes before dressing himself, hoping that perhaps if he ignored the problem Armitage would soothe and calm himself. He glanced over at the boy who continued to sit quietly in his chair and look sour. He buttoned his shirt and called out, “I think you’ve had enough punishment for today. Be good and dress yourself before I come back. The wraiths will bring your breakfast, so take care not to startle yourself.” He paused and thought a moment before adding, “And stay away from the fire. Do you understand?” Armitage didn’t reply and haughtily turned to face the wall. Kylo sighed, “I need you to answer the question.” “Yes,” the boy spat with vitriol. They could work on his tone later, but for now getting a verbal response from him that was not hysterics was a small victory in itself. Besides, he needed blood and the boy was nowhere near ready to give it yet. Not without a fight. Kylo had learned over the centuries that he should give himans at least a month, when it was possible, before they were comfortable with allowing him to take a little bit of their blood. Besides, this was not a slight puckishness that half a cup of blood would satisfy. Kylo felt like he could drain a cow and still not be satisfied. “You might brush your hair out as well,” advised Kylo as he left him alone once again. *** Returning to the room Kylo did his best to make sure that he was not in a state of disarray. He recalled occasionally forgetting to clean himself off adequately and his humans being shocked by the sight of him, disheveled and blood splattered after a particularly ravenous feeding. Looking at his clothing he felt fairly certain that he was clean and would not cause his little charge any alarm. Not being able to check his face in a mirror, he had washed his face multiple times and could only hope he had gotten all of the mess off of his face. Opening the door he was pleasantly surprised to find the boy, for once, behaving. He had dressed himself, draping his used clothing over the chair, and was currently sleeping peacefully on the bed. He had not bothered with the duvet and seemed to have bored himself to sleep, judging from the way he was positioned. He was lying on his stomach, his head resting on his crossed arms, as if he had been deep in thought moments before drifting off. Kylo smiled at the sight. He was glad he was no longer crying or feeling so much intense dread that he could not sleep. Now sated, his urge to taste Armitage’s blood had faded away but the pull was still there. Despite being so sour all the time Kylo was very attracted to him. If he could be agreeable more often Kylo was sure he would become even fonder of him. He certainly hoped the only time he found Armitage agreeable would not be when he was unconscious. He did not expect any expressions of affection or gratitude any time soon, but perhaps he might become slightly more at ease. He sat down on the bed and leaned over to brush the boy’s hair from his face. He kept sleeping, so Kylo took advantage of the moment’s peace to pet the unruly human, sliding his hand absentmindedly up and down the boy’s back. He lay next to him and continued to rub his back gently. He wished he could do this when Armitage was awake without him feeling frightened or saddened. Kylo didn’t want him to be frightened. He supposed once Armitage became accustomed to him he would stop being nervous, but until then it seemed he would only become relaxed if he was unconscious or semi-conscious. Kylo slowly pressed in close to feel his warmth again and watched the rise and fall of his back. He always found the way other creatures breathed automatically to be fascinating. He supposed he ought to wake him though. There was still much that needed to be done, and as pleasant as it might have been to lounge about in bed with the little human, it was unfortunately not an option. He propped himself up on an elbow and gave Armitage’s shoulder a gentle shake, “It’s time to wake up dearest…Armitage…wake up…” The boy groaned lightly before opening his eyes. Seeing Kylo he gasped and pulled back slightly. The look of fear on his face slowly shifted into one of disappointment as he cast his eyes down, “I thought…I was dreaming…” Kylo tried not to let the hurt he felt on account of those words show on his face. It was only the second full day. He would slowly become more comfortable in time. He spoke cheerfully, “I hope you slept well. You look lovely in that dress as well. Green is a good colour for you.” Armitage sat up and drew a hand over the bodice of the dress, as if trying to cover himself. It was made of silks and must have felt nice pressed against his skin. The colour offset the brilliance of his hair, contrasting it nicely and complementing his eyes. Kylo looked over his lithe form, wrapped up in soft fabrics like a present waiting to be opened. He hesitantly asked, knowing he would very likely be refused, “May I hold you?” “Oh?” asked the boy, his eyes narrowing slightly as bitterness crept into his voice, “You don’t want me to strip first? You don’t want to grope me or spank me?” “No,” said Kylo, trying to stay as calm as he could, “I thought you looked very fetching and you were behaving so well, I thought I might like to hold you.” “I know that isn’t all you want. You made that clear before,” said Armitage, now doubt recalling the encounter in the front hall. He shook his head slightly, “Just…stop pretending you care. If I drop my guard…” Kylo frowned at that and wanted to reach out to him, but refrained. He tried to be rational with him, “It’s true. You’re very beautiful. However, there’s a bit of information on vampires you ought to know. We need an invitation.” The boy lifted his head and cocked his brow at that, “An invitation?” “Vampires can only enter a dwelling if he has the owner’s express permission. Your mouth and your…” Kylo trailed off as he nodded towards Armitage’s modest hips, “…shall we say your-” “No, let’s not say. I’d rather you didn’t talk about that part of me,” said the boy quickly. “They have the same principle applied to them as a dwelling. Those belong to you, and I may not enter without your permission,” explained Kylo, finishing in spite of the interruption, “I can may request permission, but unless you indicate I can, I’m incapable of entering those places. I won’t violate you, I’m physically incapable of it. You don’t need to be afraid of me forcing you.” “But…” Armitage ventured cautiously, “You can still touch me without permission…” “I’d rather have you willing, conscious, enjoying yourself,” said Kylo. He continued, grinning slightly, “I’ve learned over the centuries that it’s always better when both parties are happy and consenting. Seducing is more fun than forcing anyways. I could show you all sorts of pleasures, if you wanted. You like men, don’t you?” The boy looked away, furrowing his brows and mumbling, “It’s nobody’s business.” “I’m hardly going to judge you,” said Kylo with a sniff of laughter. He turned the boy’s face back to look at him, “I would…very much enjoy showing you pleasure, but neither of us would enjoy it if you weren’t willing or if it upset you. And it’s entirely possible to care for someone and lust after them as well.” Armitage blushed slightly at the word ‘lust’. Kylo grinned slightly, “Oh? Have you never hear someone admit to that? I’m surprised, you’re such a little beauty it’s a wonder that you aren’t used to hearing praise.” “I’m still…confused…you keep saying the point of the dresses and spankings are so I’ll learn, and that you want my permission, but what you’re doing is clearly compromising, and you’re giving orders, not waiting for my consent on the matter,” countered the boy. Kylo laughed slightly, “Trust me, dear, if I wanted to have you strip for my pleasure, I wouldn’t be letting you turn your back to me, and I wouldn’t settle for being a passive observer. If I had intended to thoroughly enjoy giving you a few slaps, I wouldn’t bend you over my lap. The actions are disciplinary, first and foremost. You aren’t supposed to enjoy being punished, you know.” “It still seems contradictory,” said the boy in a low voice. He gave Kylo a sharp look, “And you expect me to do whatever you say after telling me things like that?” “I thought it better to be upfront about what I want from you,” replied Kylo, “You know my desires, but you also know I won’t act on them without your permission. You don’t need to be afraid.” Armitage’s lips parted before he incredulously spoke, “I’m trapped in a castle with a murderer who openly admits to wanting to have sex with me and is going to kill me, but there’s no need to be afraid?” “I know it’s a lot for humans to take in or understand at first, but I do care for you. At the very least I want you to be comfortable,” Kylo tried to assure him. “You’re insane…” the boy mumbled. Arguing was not going to get them anywhere. Kylo sighed, “And you’re in need of a bath. Have you ever had a hot bath before?” “No! I don’t want you to watch me, I don’t want you touching me…I just want to be alone,” he said, hugging his legs to his chest and shaking his head, “You’ll have your blood, I’ll sleep beside you, just…why can’t you stop acting as if we’re…” Kylo supposed his effort had backfired. The boy was still terribly heartsick. It was awful to watch without being able to wrap his arms around him and comfort him. Usually that was what Kylo did with his humans when they were distraught. However the boy seemed to resent it every time he tried to be caring or comforting. Kylo frowned and tried to hide his bitterness. The boy no doubt saw him as some monster without feelings, only looking to satisfy himself. He tried to speak calmly, “Before it was for punishment, but in the bath there are so many ways you could hurt yourself. You mentioned being tempted by the fire…I don’t want you to hurt yourself like that, and I don’t want to turn bathing into a punishment for you, but I can’t leave you alone to drown yourself.” Kylo tried to think of something, a compromise that might lift Armitage’s spirits slightly, “I need to be in the room with you, but if you agree to talk to me the whole time, I’ll keep my back to you.” “Talk to you how?” asked the boy, not bothering to look up from where he rested his head on his knees. “About anything you like. Or you could sing or hum. Just make noise so I know your mouth, nose or both are above the water,” explained Kylo. “How do I know you won’t look anyways?” demanded the boy, “When we met you…said things, that you wanted me to…how do I know you won’t try something like that again?” Kylo moved to hold his hand over Armitage’s slighter one, “I suggested it because I thought…I could feel and smell you enjoying being touched.” “Smell it?” asked the boy, too surprised to retract his hand. “My senses are sharper than yours. Humans perspire, send out pheromones, I can pick them up and discern what you might be feeling,” said Kylo before pressing, “I sensed you were distressed but certain actions make you…excited.” Armitage finally pulled his hand back and settled it in his lap. Kylo reached out slowly, cautiously, careful not to spook the skittish human as he petted him, “It’s nothing to be ashamed of, it happens to everyone.” “But you’ll still…” said Armitage quietly, “You’ll still want to…” Kylo tried not to show how frustrated this was making him, “What do I have to do to earn your trust?” “You can’t. Don’t you understand?” said the boy, “You. Will. Eat . Me. Maybe not now, but eventually you will and I have no idea when. You might not…but you can still touch me and there’s nothing I can do about it. I’m never going to be comfortable around you.” “I understand that. I want you to believe me when I say I won’t force you. What can I do so you’ll at least believe that?” demanded Kylo, feeling that the human was being entirely unreasonable. “You could stop these ridiculous punishments. Just beat me like a normal person,” seethed Armitage. Kylo was taken aback by that. He wanted to be hit? He considered it normal to be hit? He paused for a moment, trying to figure out how to phrase his thoughts before hazarding, “People struck you as punishment…frequently?” The boy shrugged, “Of course, so if you’re going to punish me have the decency to do something that isn’t suspect.” “But…why?” asked Kylo disbelievingly. “Haven’t you ever heard of what happens to red-haired stepchildren?” asked Armitage haughtily. Kylo recalled how the boy had not touched the books or any furniture he had not been invited to use. He had not been doing it out of superstition. Chances were his ‘family’ whoever they were, trained him not to do that. He was not sure about the red-haired bit, but Kylo was old enough to know that while many children who were adopted lived happily with their families, there were also some who did not. Constantly reminded that they were outsiders, trained to view themselves as subordinate to legitimate children. In Armitage’s case he was probably instructed not to go through drawers or wardrobes and not to touch any books. He probably avoided doing it now out of pure habit. “I don’t want to beat you,” said Kylo. He looked at the boy firmly, “Who hit you?” “Just…people,” said Armitage. He hadn’t said family, but that wasn’t enough for Kylo to rule out that possibility completely. He continued, “I’m not exactly someone important, and I’m young. Sometimes if I do something wrong, they hit me.” “They?” asked Kylo, “As in more than one?” “Sometimes they’re just people I take from town to town, if I’m late or I drop something while loading the coach then it sometimes happens. I don’t always know who they are beyond a name,” explained Armitage. “You’ve also said more than enough to implicate the family who raised you,” accused Kylo, “Did they hit you too?” “It doesn’t matter,” said the boy dismissively. “Yes it does!” exclaimed Kylo, “For goodness sake was there anybody who didn’t hit you?” Armitage said nothing. He furrowed his brow and looked away. Kylo suddenly stopped. If it were a sibling or friend he might have given their identities easily but for him to become so quiet. Kylo tried to think of what he was supposed to say. He’d taken away women who had been loving and kind to him while others were so cruel. He shifted, moving closer, “Armitage…please understand I never meant to cause you pain.” “No, you’ve just been taking women from their families for hundreds of years and having the gall to be upset when someone stands up to you!” snapped the boy, lifting his head, “What sort of impact did you think you were having!?” It had been ages since a human had dared lift their voices like that or speak to him so accusingly. Kylo knew he had to put that to a stop, calm the boy down, find a way to remind him of his place. Being hurt was no excuse to get out of line like this. It was alright if he was impassioned, but his treasonous streak seemed to be rearing its head again. He needed to stop that, find a way to assert dominance before the human got any ideas… He leaned over Armitage and lowered his voice, “You do not speak that way to me, do you understand?” The boy looked at him, confused and offended. What had happened to him was unfortunate, very unfortunate, but it couldn’t have been helped. Women were selected based on a number of factors. She couldn’t be an only child, have children of her own, or be married. Those were decided long ago. The selection itself was left mostly to chance, though Kylo didn’t doubt that there were some who might pay to have their daughter’s name become ‘lost’ during the lottery process. Kylo didn’t meet the girl who was selected until she was delivered to him. Before they arrived he might be informed of their names and ages, but Kylo preferred to hear those things from the girls and not in those bland statements sent in cold, formal letters. Kylo leaned in closer, practically on top of him now. He didn’t want to hit the boy, leaving pinning as the best way to assert himself over the human. The boy had shifted into his back to try and put some distance between them. He was a pretty thing, pinned and wriggling beneath him, but that didn’t excuse rudeness or a penchant for acting out. The boy gasped out, “Fine, yes, I understand…” “Not perfect, but it’s a good start,” noted Kylo, leaning down and kissing the boy’s cheek. The action alarmed him, “Wait! S-stop! I don’t want this!” “I’m not doing anything like that, I’m just admiring my lovely companion,” explained Kylo, “You’re mine to admire, as you may recall.” Kylo pressed their bodies together and instantly felt the boy react to the cold. His lithe body shivered, his nipples pebbled and jutted through the silk. Kylo was unused to the feeling of genitals receding, Armitage’s male body automatically taking steps to warm itself in a way a female one wouldn’t. Kylo stroked his cheek as the boy winced, obviously bracing himself. He chuckled softly at the reaction, “Dearest, if I was trying to make love to you, you’d know it. Now I didn’t get to see you put this one on, so let me look, and then I’ll take you to the bath. If you hold still and be good I’ll let you have something sweet later.” The boy closed his eyes, but held himself still. Kylo pulled away slightly so he could look at the pretty human beneath him and ran a hand down his chest, “This cloth feels very good on you…I’m really surprised you didn’t have any admirers. Hold still for me a moment…” He leaned down and pressed his cheek to the center of the boy’s chest. He was used to his human having a set of breasts to rest his head against. Armitage’s slender chest felt good, but it was hardly the softness he had grown accustomed to. He moved off of the boy and found this positioning provided better support for his neck. Kylo nuzzled against his chest, “I am fond of you like this. And I can promise I’ll never beat you. I won’t let another human hurt you again either. If you can behave like this I do think we’ll be able to get along quite well together.” The boy’s breathing slowed as he adjusted and Kylo watched one of his nipples poke at the fabric because of the cold it had been exposed to and his arms get little bumps as his hair stood on end. It seemed the boy had a very sweet, responsive body, the younger ones usually did. If he behaved, and with a little time, Kylo was certain he could show Armitage plenty of ways they both might enjoy those traits. Kylo placed a hand over the boy’s stomach and moved his hand slowly and gently over the smooth fabric. Not all humans liked to have their fronts rubbed like this, but most seemed to enjoy it. He hummed quietly against his human, “I really do regret causing you pain, and I know I’ve been harsh with you…I know a bath and a few caresses won’t make up for much, but will you let me try to make you feel better?” Kylo reluctantly pulled away from the smoothness and heat of the boy’s chest. Armitage seemed to consider what he said, and seemed to respond much more positively to it, and more importantly he wasn’t fighting. Kylo offered his hand, “I know none of this is easy for you. I’ll do what I can if you’re willing to accept my attempts at making amends.” The boy looked Kylo over cautiously before slipping his white hand in the vampire’s ashen one. Kylo kissed his knuckles gently, “Let’s get you cleaned up then.” *** Kylo enjoyed walking through the halls with the boy’s arm linked in his. The green dress was very nice on him, though it would have been nicer if Kylo were allowed to put his arms around him, petting and caressing as they walked. Instead he was obliged to be an escort, for now. Despite his attempt at taking a moment to lie with the boy being completely innocent, Armitage was still quite finicky. Kylo could not recall a human he had been so eager to hold and pet before. Part of it was Bell’s sudden illness and passing, she had been a very kind companion and he missed her. Sometimes he still thought he saw her lingering about, which tended to happen when he lost his more agreeable companions. Bell would have been very happy to let Kylo put his arms around her, lie with his head in her lap or on her breast while she stroked his hair. She had been very loving. At first she had been melancholic and frightened, but she had adjusted to him, the wraiths and the castle in record time and had been happy to live there. Kylo still kept many of the pieces she had embroidered. They would fade away, perhaps in a hundred years or so, but for now he would enjoy them and remember her fondly. Still, he had to wait for her to come around, and she had been more than worth it. They boy would too, in his time, but having lost such a kind and willing companion, then gaining a new one he was obliged not to only give sparing touches to was driving Kylo mad. In the past he had tried holding his humans down and petting them until they learned to stop screaming and crying, but it always made them afraid of him. It had not been Kylo’s intention to scare, and he certainly did not want Armitage to whimper and cry out whenever he tried to innocently snuggle against him as he had done with sweet, gentle Bell. “I would very much like to hold you,” Kylo repeated. “And I would very much like you not to,” muttered the boy, “I didn’t like what you did earlier.” Kylo sighed slightly and refused to address the comment, “You’ll need some clothes of your own eventually. I don’t have many things that will fit you. Do you know your measurements?” “Not off hand…” said the boy cautiously, “Are you going to let me wear men’s clothes then?” “In time. But for now there are only three gowns that fit you. You’re going to need more than that. I’ll take your measurements later and send them off,” said Kylo. The boy looked up at him curiously. It was interesting how his curiosity trumped his fear completely as he asked, “But if your servants are stuck in the walls and I’m your only human, who do you send to the tailor’s?” “Oh, I go,” said Kylo, shrugging lightly, “Just write out my order and slide it in the mail slot. The route I take is a pleasant one. It’s nice to go out for a midnight flight.” “Flight…?” said Armitage incredulously. “Of course. Why walk when you can turn into a flock of bats and get there in no time?” said Kylo. Arriving at the bathroom he paused for a moment, “When we’re inside I’ll face the wall. If I don’t look can you make an effort to be a little more trusting?” “You understand I can’t force myself to feel something I don’t,” retorted Armitage. “We’ll trade then,” bargained Kylo, “If I don’t watch, if I keep my back to you the whole time until you’ve washed and dressed again, may I arrange your hair?” The boy looked up at him warily, “You won’t do anything else?” “Nothing else, just make you look a little neater,” said Kylo, “I am trying to make nice with you. Will this help convince you of that?” The boy sighed, “I suppose it’s the best deal I’m going to get…” It was a resigned and defeated statement, but it was a step in the right direction. The boy was still fighting, but he could be reasoned and bargained with. That was usually the first step to gaining compliance. Offering them a few little concessions, making them comfortable, and eventually they all proved to be quite personable. Humans seemed to need companionship. So much so that should they have been trapped with an enemy, humans would eventually bond with each other out of desperation for conversation or an emotional connection. Even if Kylo kept humans that were not ideal, or had annoying habits, they all made efforts to be decent company once they were in the mood for it. Kylo opened the door and led him into the bath. There was a large bath, almost big enough to be a pool, filled with hot water. The size may have been nothing novel, the boy must have gone swimming in the rivers at some point, but hot water inside a home was quite the luxury, probably not one a simple coach driver or bastard son of a wayward soldier had ever been afforded. Kylo would have liked to share the experience with him, to show him how nice it was to be submerged in hot water and massage soap through his fiery tresses. It was too early for that sort of contact though, but perhaps in a few week’s time he might consent to sharing a bath. “Remember. You have to make some sort of noise the whole time. If you don’t, or you stop responding to my questions, I’m going to assume you’re trying to hurt yourself,” warned Kylo. The boy nodded slightly and pinched the bodice of his dress between his thumb and forefinger, “Where do I put this?” “Just on that chair, over there,” said Kylo, gesturing to a corner, “I’m turning around now, so be sure to talk to me.” He turned and faced the wall and listened to the sound of laces being undone and fabric ruffling. Kylo tried to think of something to converse about. Family often upset humans at this stage, or anything to do with being outside. Instead he inquired, “Has the temperature been to your liking?” “It’s fine,” said Armitage. “And the food? Is there something you’d like to have,” asked Kylo. “I’ve learned not to be picky,” replied the boy bluntly. Kylo supposed between a family who treated him as a subordinate and a job where he was constantly travelling about he did not have the luxury of choosing what he ate. He tried to think of something else, “Armitage is a bit of a mouthful. Do you have a nickname?” “Midge,” replied the boy. “Midge?” repeated Kylo. He furrowed his brow, “You mean the tiny black flies that buzz around stables? That’s what people call you?” “Exactly,” said Armitage, “I like horses. When I had time I would watch them. From time to time I was allowed to help the stable boys if the farmers said it was alright. They said I was just like a midge and the name stuck.” “I don’t think I want to call you an insect…” muttered Kylo. “My father’s name was Hux. That’s what they told me at least. Most people called me that,” replied the boy. “Hux?” asked Kylo, “But that’s an English name. Wasn’t your father French?” “He was, I suppose, but I’ve also heard there was…I’m not good with history, but I heard lots of Catholics from Britain went to France to join the army a long time ago. Irishmen still do that sometimes I’ve heard. He might have been descended from one of those. I never met him, so I don’t know for certain,” replied Armitage. Kylo asked cautiously, “You mentioned before…you wanted to go to France. Were you going to look for him?” “Gracious, no,” said the boy dismissively, “It’s a Republic again now. Since it’s not run by vampires I thought I might have a better chance getting amnesty there if I got caught.” It was frightfully mercenary of him, another reminder that even if his plan had a high risk of failure, the boy had put a lot of thought into his escape. It was surprising that he had no intention of looking to his father though. Perhaps he simply did not want to voice his intention for fear of seeming weak or sentimental. Surely it would have at least crossed his mind to look for his father if he managed to make it all the way to France. Kylo heard a light splash and a yelp, “It…It’s hot!” “Hot water is better for bathing, dear,” said Kylo, stifling a laugh, “And it’s nice, don’t you think? I can’t warm myself, so I like to keep warm things about. You’ve no idea how happy I was when water boilers were invented.” Kylo heard the water rippling as the boy stepped into the bath. He cautiously warned him, “Remember, you have to keep making noise.” “I know,” said the boy. Kylo felt he preferred Hux to Armitage. His given name was quite long and he wasn’t about to call him after a little, annoying fly. “Can I call you Hux?” asked Kylo. “Most do,” said the boy, which Kylo assumed was granting him permission to use the name. “Such a curious name. I find you to be a very curious person,” admitted Kylo. “You have a very polite way of telling me I’m odd,” huffed the boy. Kylo listened to the sound of the water as he assumed Hux was scrubbing himself. He had thought the boy was odd. A human had to be at least a little odd to try to fight a vampire. He did not mean curious in an insulting way at all though. The boy had a strange origin, a rare colouration, and a remarkably headstrong disposition. He was very interesting and, assassination attempt aside, he thought he was incredibly lucky to find Hux. He wondered if he had spotted him driving the coach what he might have done with him. He would have been obliged to let him go, take the girl who had been sent, and likely would not have paid him much mind at all. Now he had an incredibly interesting, beautiful human to keep for a few years. “I didn’t say you were odd,” said Kylo. “I am though. I’m very odd,” mused Hux quietly, “Wrong breeding, wrong hair, wrong proclivities, seems I’ve never been able to do anything right. I couldn’t even manage a simple delivery.” “For what it’s worth,” admitted Kylo, “I think you’re just right…aside from that temper and awful sarcasm.” The boy let out a sniff of laughter at that and said, “I can’t really think of much to talk about.” “Say anything you like. Or sing. I’ve found some humans like to sing in the bath, like little birds. It’s quite endearing,” said Kylo. “I’m not a bird…” muttered Hux. He started to hum quietly, awkwardly, obviously unaccustomed to having an audience when he sang. Kylo supposed music was something of an intimate thing for humans. Some of them loved to make all sorts of noise without a care who listened, but he found most preferred to sing or practice in quiet and became incredibly nervous when called upon to perform. They only seemed to lose the habit when they were very comfortable with a person. Kylo wondered what sort of song it was that he was humming. He was a working boy with low breeding, so probably not anything he would find in a book. Probably a tune stable boys hummed to themselves or a song he had heard during his travels. He would have very much liked to have been in the bath with him, surrounded by warmth and holding him close as he hummed his little song. He hummed for a little while longer before Kylo heard him getting out of the bath. Humans were always pleasantly warm when they got out of the bath and it was one of his favorite times to hold them. He quite enjoyed toweling them dry, and most of them appreciated the rub down as well. Still, he was not going to make any progress if he didn’t uphold his end of the bargain. He stayed still as the boy dressed himself, listening to him grunt as he fought to get the laces as his back tied. “I could help,” offered Kylo. “I can do it,” the boy practically growled with frustration. Kylo shook his head slightly at the display of stubbornness before the boy called, “Right, I’m finished, you can turn around.” Kylo grinned as he turned. Aside from dressing the boy had done nothing to make himself more presentable. His hair and skin was still damp, causing the dress to cling to him in certain places, his brows were in complete disarray and his hair was a wet, tangled mess. He resisted another laugh as he closed in, “Let’s put you back into some sort of order.” Hux raised a hand defensively as Kylo approached, “Just my hair. We agreed you would only touch my hair.” “I know,” said Kylo calmly, reaching out and smoothing the boy’s eyebrows down, “Only your hair. Sit down over there and I’ll give you a shave.” Hux’s eyes widened, “No…we didn’t agree to that.” “It’s on your face, but it’s your hair,” replied Kylo with a slight shrug, “And you’d look a bit silly wandering about in a dress with a full beard.” “You said you were arranging my hair,” repeated Hux, sounding fretful, “That was what I agreed to. I wouldn’t have said yes if I knew about that.” “It’s alright. You need it, so just hold still. I promise it won’t hurt at all,” said Kylo, going to find his razor in the cabinet. At least he did not have to worry about the boy going through drawers looking for knives, though he was very upset about the way he came by that habit. “No, not that,” said the boy firmly, “I don’t want you holding a blade that to my neck. If you want me to shave I’ll do it myself.” Kylo glanced over at him as he began mixing together a lather, “I’m not about to hand you a knife. Not after the way you’ve behaved and what you’ve said. When I have reason to believe you won’t try to hurt me or yourself, then you can do it on your own.” “No, don’t come any closer!” snapped Hux, “If you want me to trust you you’ll stop right now!” Kylo barely contained a snarl, “You were being agreeable a few moments ago, what’s gotten into you now?” “You’re going to drain my blood and you want to hold a straight razor to my throat!” exclaimed Hux. “I also said it wouldn’t hurt!” argued Kylo, “Now sit down in that chair or I’ll call the wraiths!” The threat had an immediate effect, causing the boy to cringe in fear, but he stayed still as he shakily let out a quiet, “No.” “No to sitting or no to the wraiths? Don’t test my patience,” growled Kylo, moving in closer. “Keep that away from me!” shouted Hux, retreating against the wall. He was looking about the way he had before he had torn the spur from a suit of armour. He was looking for something to use in a fight. Kylo stood still to keep him from lashing out again and looked about the room for things the boy could use as weapons. Finding none he stayed back and watched him carefully. He kept his voice as calm as he could as he spoke, “I’m not going to hurt you, I’m just trying to clean you up. Be good, sit down and stop trying to give me orders or I’m going to punish you.” “Do you think I’m stupid!?” demanded Hux, “You want me to sit still while you slit my throat!? ‘Be good,’ ‘hold still,’ is that what you said to the others before you murdered them!? You must either find it funny or think we’re stupid!” Kylo stopped and furrowed his brows, gripping the razor as his hand shook. He bore his teeth, something he rarely did, especially around his humans, but the boy was spurring him into a rage. Hux stared up at Kylo and froze at the sight of his fangs. Kylo growled in a low voice, “I don’t like killing them. I never liked killing them.” He tossed the razor with such force that it lodged itself in the wall, causing Hux to let out a slight yelp and cover his mouth. He was crying again, and Kylo felt he deserved it. He had said a cruel, thoughtless thing and deserved to feel awful for it. He glared down at the boy as he shrank against the wall, whispering fretful pleas for Kylo to stay back. Kylo ignored them and closed in, “What do you know? What does an ignorant little brat like you know about anything!?” Kylo had half a mind to slap him across the face. Instead he gripped the boy by the mouth, making sure he could not talk and would be forced to listen. He let out a sharp shriek against Kylo’s hand when he bore his teeth and struggled in his grip, “Hundreds of years ago your kind hunted mine. You tried to wipe us out. Instead we conquered you and make you send your daughters to us as a reminder of your place. I’m required by law and custom to kill and consume the humans who are sent as tribute. I’m obligated to do it but I never enjoyed it. Not. Once.” Hux’s struggling died down and Kylo leaned in close, “But you think you understand everything. Everything must be so simple in that empty, ignorant head of yours. Here I thought you could learn, but it seems you’re far too stupid for that. I’m not keeping you a second longer. I’m sending you back.” Hux’s eyes snapped wide open at that and he let out a pathetic gasping noise. “What? That must be what you want, behaving the way you are after pretending you were so noble and self-sacrificing. You’re going back. Consider our bargain null. I hope you had your fun.” Hux suddenly redoubled his struggling and managed to get his mouth free, “No! Don’t send me back! I’ll learn! Please don’t do this!” “Why shouldn’t I? You’re not behaving, you’re not showing any sign that you can control yourself. I don’t keep anything in this house that can hurt me, humans included,” growled Kylo, “You’re going back and I’m taking someone who understands their place.” “Please! Please…” the boy begged. He looked about wildly, on the verge of a frenzy before taking Kylo’s hand and pressing it to his cheek, “I’ll…I’ll be sweet for you. Is that what you want? I’ll stop saying no. I’ll be good. Please, don’t hurt Illya. I’ll…I’ll be good just…don’t hurt them anymore, please…” Kylo was taken aback by how submissive the boy was suddenly acting. It seemed finally confronted with the reality that Kylo’s would act on his threat to have a girl from his village come to take his place spurred him into compliance. He stared up at Kylo with wide, fearful eyes, silent tears streaming down his cheeks as he pressed his face into Kylo’s palm. It was so strange how threatening some girl in the village had more power over him than threats to his own person or humiliation ever had. He supposed he ought to have expected it. Human men were taught from an early age to protect women, and they tended to be very protective of their pack. It seemed even the bastard son of an outsider was bound by those customs. Or was there something else at play. His shift in behaviour had been so instantaneous… Kylo recalled having a tea cup many years ago he had liked. He had broken it over the decades, multiple times. After being broken once it always broke along the same lines, and broke more easily each time it had been repaired. In an instant Kylo understood exactly what he had done to the little human. He had been broken before and now…he had been trained to break this way. He was ready to obey, but it was not the obedience Kylo wanted. He was agreeing because he was terrified, not because he was learning how to trust him. Hux was acting on some other training, something ingrained into him after years of physical punishment that Kylo had somehow accidentally triggered. He sighed with frustration as he lowered his hands to the boy’s shoulders, “No…You don’t have to go that far. I won’t hurt anyone. Go sit on the chair.” Hux moved to the chair so quickly that he nearly knocked Kylo over in his hurry to sit. He gripped the arms of the chair as he looked away, his face deathly pale. It wasn’t silly nerves or fretting, the boy was trembling from head to toe, his skin was clammy and white as a sheet as if he’d lost all his blood. He was fighting back frightened little sounds as fat tears rolled down his cheeks. He really thought he was going to die. No. This was all wrong. It was exactly what Kylo had been trying to avoid. He didn’t want Hux to be afraid of him, terrified of displeasing him. He wanted the little human to be comfortable, happy if he could manage it. Kylo felt awful, looking at him trembling in the chair, crying quietly, anticipating having his throat slit all while being compelled by some break in his mind to hold still and accept his death. Kylo’s feelings had been hurt, and the words still stung, but the boy truly believed he was going to die. His insolence came from fear and anger. It was not excusable, but Kylo could see now with the aftermath that he had crossed from discipline into cruelty. He brought the shaving kit over, after having some difficulty pulling the razor out of the wall, and knelt by the boy, watching as he squeezed his eyes shut and continued to cry in spite of his efforts to be calm and brave in the face of what he thought for certain was his death. He had to see it through, perhaps if the human could see that the razor wasn’t something he had to be afraid of then the fit would stop. Kylo put one of his hands over Hux’s and rubbed it gently, trying to make him a little less tense. He spoke gently, trying to compensate for his outburst, “I’m going to put a towel over you, so there’s no mess.” The boy nodded eagerly, far more eagerly than he usually did. Kylo found as Hux whimpered lightly at the feel of a towel being wrapped around him. Kylo took the cup and brush with the lather. He stroked the boy’s hand again, “I…need someone to hold this for me. Will you be a good boy and-” Hux practically ripped the cup from his hand and held it so tightly in his lap that Kylo was worried he would crush it. He breathed deeply through his nose, trying to will himself to calmness. Kylo took the brush from the cup and gently applied the lather to the boy’s cheek. He cringed and gasped, gripping the cup as more tears tumbled free from his tightly shut eyes. Kylo brushed it on in long strokes, trying to make the gesture as kind and soothing as possible, “Could…could you try not to cry? I’m sorry. I lost my temper and…I’m very sorry I frightened you. Please don’t cry, dearest.” “I’m trying,” the boy gasped out quietly. “That’s good. I’m glad you’re trying,” Kylo tried to assure him, “You’re very good to try so hard. Nothing will hurt, I promise. I’m…I’m doing this to show you that I won’t hurt you. You believe me, don’t you?” The boy nodded eagerly, though Kylo expected he would have agreed with anything at this point. Kylo shushed him and tried to reassure him. Telling him that it was alright if he cried because he could see how hard he was trying to be good. He knew that his outburst had ruined everything he had been trying to accomplish with Armitage. He felt awful, kneeling and shushing while the boy sat there, convinced he was going to die. In their arrangement Kylo was aware the boy might insult him, and that was really the worst damage the human could do to him. But for the boy, for Hux, Kylo was in a position of complete power over him. That was what he must have been trying to explain the whole time, that he lived in constant fear of being touched against his will or killed without warning. Added to the anguish over losing so many companions… “Be brave for me just a little longer,” whispered Kylo. Hux let out a half stifled cry as he felt the razor against his cheek. His breath quickened and his tears started running anew. Kylo shushed him as he brought the razor down as smoothly as he could, “There…shh…it doesn’t hurt…you’re doing so well.” Kylo could feel the vibrations from his whimpers as he drew the razor gently over the boy’s throat, “Shh…it’s alright, I’m not hurting you…That’s a good boy.” Kylo continued, slowly, taking extra care not to nick his skin or accidentally cut him. It was difficult, especially around his throat and mouth which kept twitching in fear, but Kylo managed. He brushed his fingers over the smooth skin, trying to show there was nothing to be afraid of, trying to earn back what little trust the boy had confided in him. When it was all over he took the towel and wiped away the excess lather, “It’s over now. It’s all over now darling…you can open your eyes. See, I kept my promise. It didn’t hurt at all…please don’t cry…” Hux opened his eyes. He seemed slightly stunned by the fact that he was still alive but quickly recovered. He still gripped the cup tightly with both hands as he asked, “Do you want…you can brush my hair. I’ll sit still for you.” Kylo had wanted to hear those words, but knowing Hux was only saying them because he thought Kylo would hurt one of his companions stung like a slap across the face. He didn’t want to touch the boy like this. His eagerness was frighteningly unnatural, he did not want this, he was terrified of it. Hux continued to babble slightly, “I’ll be very good. I’ll let you do whatever you want with me. See? You don’t need to send me away and take someone else. I’ll let you have whatever you want.” Kylo ran his fingers through Hux’s hair, finding what must have been two days’ worth of tangles. He worked at them because the knots needed to come out, but he took no pleasure from it. He had wanted to do this with the little human sitting calmly in front of him, accepting the attention and talking to him, even if it was nothing but his awful sarcasm. He ought to have relented. He ought to have realized how frightened Hux had been of the razor and compromised with him. He had been so worried about the human thinking he could have his way and saying unsavory things that he had gone too far with his insistence. Continuing to work the tangles Kylo occasionally stroked his cheek or patted his head, trying to show him that this was good behaviour. Perhaps in time the crippling fear would fade away and the boy would comply because he liked the attention. He worked at the damp hair, combing through it with his fingers and removing all the tangles he found. He struggled with a particularly large one at the boy’s nape, “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to snap at you or call you names. I’m very sorry.” Hux only nodded and blurted out, “No, I deserved it.” Kylo stopped his work and froze. He looked down at the back of Hux’s shoulders. Not hearing a response the boy continued, possibly trying to be compliant, “You’re right, I’m stupid, I deserved it.” “Don’t…don’t say that,” said Kylo, realizing that the boy had probably struggled to overcome and supress what had been done to him, and then Kylo had sent him back into some sort of spiral. He’d broken his poor little human during a thoughtless outburst, “Never say that. You don’t deserve to be scared. I went too far. I shouldn’t have snarled when you were just being scared.” He realized it was foolish but he pleaded, “Please…forget this happened? We’ll pretend we never fought. Tell me how I can make this up to you. Is there something you want? I’d hate to send you back with-” The boy stiffened slightly as Kylo continued to comb through his hair. He struggled for breath and blurted out, “Don’t send me back! I’m doing what you want! I’ll do anything you want!” “Nobody’s sending you away,” Kylo assured him, leaving his hair for a moment to squeeze his shoulders. He tried again, “I meant to the bed chamber. I’m very sorry for snapping. I want to make things right with you. If there’s some small comfort you would like…” Kylo wracked his brains, trying to think of what other humans had liked, “Do you like sweets? I could…There’s a library…tell me what would make you happy again, darling.” “Can I…be alone?” asked the boy. He quickly added, “Just to calm down. After…you can do anything you want to me. I’ll behave.” “Of course, anything you wish,” said Kylo, petting his hair gently, though the request was disheartening. He stood and held out his hands to the boy, “Come with me now. You can have plenty of time to yourself.” Hux did more than take his arm. He pressed close, leaning against his shoulder, his whole body trembling like a leaf shaking in stormy winds. Kylo set a hand over his and mumbled, “That’s good, you’re being very good.” He wasn’t acting like himself anymore. The threat had shocked him into some sort of survival mindset. The boy’s focus was on his survival and the safety of his pack. Kylo had a horrible feeling that Hux would be stuck like this for quite some time, at least until the sting and urgency of the threat had gone away and he became more complacent. This had been exactly what Kylo had been trying to avoid. Kylo patted his hand, “Shall I come for you tonight, dearest?” “Yes,” said the boy quickly, “I’ll lie beside you all night. I’ll behave. I’ll do anything you want.” Kylo sighed, “I know you will.” Chapter 6 Notes: Well dang if the last chapter wasn't intense. Things are a bit slower this time around, but I hope everyone likes it. And...WE HAVE MORE FANART!! This time it's from andyhawedraws who drew Kylo with really cool hair and Hux wearing men's clothes! (he would be so happy). You can check it out here: http://andyhawkedraws.tumblr.com/post/150297749841/your-skin-is-warm-like-an-oven-your-taste-is Kylo marveled at how he had completely undid everything he had been working towards in a matter of seconds. It was not the first time his temper had gotten the better of him, and if he was going to be honest with himself, it would not be the last. Armitage had been warming up to him, in his own way, but it had been a way that Kylo had been unable to read. He had been so focused on breaking the boy of his arrogance that he had ignored how terrified he must have been. The women who had been sent must have had some time to come to terms with their situation. The boy had none, he had been frightened, but rather than try to explain, reassure or compromise, Kylo had thrown a razor through the wall, bared his teeth and growled abuse at him. He also realized that he had triggered something in the boy. That reaction had been so automatic, becoming so unnaturally demure and eager to please, it was obviously not the first time that had happened. Kylo wondered at it. The boy clearly had not had a happy upbringing, but he also clearly liked his town and was willing to put his own life on the line for the girls who lived there. Hux was so strange, Kylo knew he would have to talk to him more to figure everything out. Hux would probably tell him anything he asked now. He was so frightened over the threat of someone else taking his place that he would likely answer any question Kylo wanted. He said he would do anything… Kylo sighed. He did not want Hux to give himself up because he was terrified. The idea of the boy lying on the bed, pale from fear, holding back tears and trembling as he struggled to stay still caused his gut to twist in on itself. He was going to have to wait until all that fear subsided. He was not going to even attempt seducing the little human until he dropped that eerie submissive act. He also decided that the wraiths would be used much more sparingly. Kylo needed them for various tasks, and they were the best way to watch the boy, make sure he didn’t hurt himself, but if and when he could he decided he would avoid having the servants tend him when he was in this sort of state. He would give the boy as much space as he could until he was convinced that Kylo had no interest in harming him. Kylo waited outside the boy’s door and dreaded entering. He was going to hurt him though. Hux was right, in the end he would have to kill his human. He did not like it, he did not want to do it, but it was the truth. He wanted to focus on the time that they could spend together and how wonderful it would be to have his new, exotic companion, but the boy kept shouting that uncomfortable truth at him. Kylo was going to kill him. He was going to die. Kylo had not liked listening to it, and he thought he had understood how to help humans make their peace with it, but clearly he had been wrong. It occurred to him that his other pets had spoiled him. They had been prepared in advance with the knowledge that this might be their fate, and when it came all they could do was submit to it. They had, for the most part, come from warm, loving homes and quickly realized that Kylo only wanted their love and companionship. Armitage had been ripped from his world and dropped into this one with little warning and came from a place where he thought it was acceptable to be beaten. The others had been like taking in puppies that had been bred with care. Hux was like more like an angry, jaded barn cat who had been stepped on one time too many. While his previous humans had taken to him quickly, Kylo knew he had to come to terms with the fact that Hux, with his independent streak and harsher upbringing might never completely take to him or behave precisely the way he wanted. He knocked on the door twice, softly and heard a flutter of silks. Kylo opened the door and peered inside. Armitage was sitting on the bed, already in his nightgown, looking much brighter now that his hair had been cleaned. He was waiting with his hands in his lap, fingers pressing so hard into his palms it was a wonder he had not drawn blood. His hair was loose around his neck and shoulders and he looked up at Kylo with wide eyes. His mouth trembled slightly before stilling. He looked away and started to slide one of the sleeves off his shoulder. “N-no, you don’t have to do that,” said Kylo awkwardly. He looked about, “Did you eat anything?” “Yes,” said the boy quietly, “Because you told me to. I’m doing what you want.” “That’s good…” said Kylo, not sure of how to break this spell the boy seemed to be under. He had done something to set this off and it came on so fast, surely there was a way to reverse it just as quickly. He moved and sat on the bed next to him, making sure not to touch him, “I’m sorry. Truly.” The boy said nothing. He did not seem to know how to react to that. Kylo tended to be a very physical person. When one of his humans was distressed he liked to hold them, stroke their hair, rub their backs and kiss them until they felt better. Being with a human who was distressed by all those things was almost torturous. He simply did not know how on earth to comfort him. He did not respond to apologies and took affectionate touches as a threat or show of power. If he could not speak to him or touch him to make him feel better, Kylo had no idea what he was supposed to do. Instead he tried to think of things that needed to be done. Hux had been washed, but he still needed to be measured for clothing. Perhaps he could be eased out of this if he obeyed a command, proved to himself in his own mind that he had somehow secured his position. It might also be a comfort to know Kylo intended to keep him for a long time. “I’m not sending you away,” assured Kylo, resisting the urge to hold Hux’s hand, “I want to keep you, so you’re going to need clothes. I brought a tape for measuring. Would you stand for me?” Hux stood, not quite as alarmingly fast as before, but he was prompt and frighteningly obedient. Kylo smiled at him and nodded his approval, hoping that praise might make his need to satisfy a little less zealous. He stood and took the tape from his pocket, handing the end of it to Hux, “Just place this under your heel so I can see how tall you are.” The boy obeyed and Kylo uncoiled the tape so he could pull it taunt, raised against the back of his head, “Gracious…only a little shorter than I am.” He pulled the take from under Hux’s heel and was about to put it around his neck but stopped himself. He handed it to the boy, “I need you to do your neck next. Just around the middle part with the end that has the zero on it.” The boy obeyed, wrapping it neatly and hesitantly tilting his head so Kylo could read the measurement. Kylo nodded, “That’s it. You can stop now. I’m going to get something to write on.” He looked about, finding some paper and a bit of lead to write with in his nightstand. He began writing down the measurements. He looked Hux over, “I’m just going to measure the rest. You’re going to need more than three dresses and an old nightgown.” He approached Hux, who was more than willing to have the measuring tape wrapped around his chest. Kylo had make a joke of how slight his chest was, how subtle his ‘breasts’ were, but seeing the number gave him some slight pause. Human men, especially young ones tended to process their food much faster than women and gain less fat from it. He wondered if the boy was naturally thin or if something had caused him to be this way. He moved down to the waist, which was even more slender than his chest. “Don’t you eat at all?” asked Kylo. “I do,” replied Hux quietly, “I’ve never gotten any bigger though. Just taller.” Kylo brought the tape down to his hips and the boy’s breath hitched. He stayed still though, with his fingers pressed firmly into his palms, much like he had in the hall when Kylo frisked him to try to find his weapon. He looked down at the numbers. Hux was slightly less lean here, but only slightly, and that seemed to be the sort of proportioning most humans had. Kylo marked it down before moving to the boy’s back and stretching the tape across it, “You’re very thin. I think you might be as thin as a Faerie.” The boy didn’t respond to that so Kylo continued, moving around to his front and measuring across his chest, “They mostly live in the British Isles, though there are many that live in other places. I met a Pooka who looked a lot like you once. Of course, one can never tell with Pooka. They change their faces and shapes more often than most men change their clothing.” He measured Hux’s shoulder before writing the numbers down. He took a few more measurements, the sleeve, under bust, wrist, upper arm, his shoulder to waist, as well as his nape to waist and waist to hip. Kylo knelt down, knowing the next few would be the most uncomfortable. He spoke slowly, calmly, like he was coaxing a wild animal. Kylo supposed that was exactly what he was doing, after a fashion. “I’m going to measure your legs next. Your ankle, then around your calf. Can you lift your skirt to the knee for me?” Hux obeyed and Kylo got a good look at his legs for the first time. He wasn’t sure why he had expected the boy to have pristine, doll-like, porcelain legs, but the sight of them was a bit of a shock. They were bruised, with a few cuts and scars around the knees, legs that belonged to a boy who was used to running about with horses, not someone who was only used to light, domestic labour. The bruises, big and blotchy, were mostly old, but there were some fresh ones, probably from attacking the pantry door. Kylo frowned at them. His first instinct was to kiss them better, but instead he mumbled, “You have a lot of bruises. Do you want ice or cold meat for them?” “No…they do that,” said the boy softly, “I can’t help it.” “Do they hurt?” asked Kylo, wrapping the tape around his calf. “No,” Hux replied quietly. His replies were quick and fretful, but at least he was willing to speak. Hopefully that might get him back to being something closer to normal. Kylo measured his ankle before looking up at him, “I need to measure your inseam…can you hold the end? I won’t touch you there unless you ask, I promise.” The boy paused for a moment. He seemed to be biting something back, probably a bit of sarcasm. Kylo almost wished he would let it out. It was better than pretending to be docile because he was too terrified to do anything else. Hux held the tape in place while Kylo measured down to his ankle, then took it to measure from his hip to his ankle. He stood up, “There, all finished. Is there a colour you like? I’m fond of you in green, but you can have something else if you like.” “I like green,” said Hux, though Kylo wasn’t sure if he was being honest or not. He’d normally assure a girl of how pretty she would look in her new clothes, but Kylo was worried the boy would take it as teasing or flirtation. Instead he talked to himself again, “I only ever send colours and measurements. Fashion changes so often that I can’t keep up with all the new terms. I’m afraid I can’t tell you what they’ll look like aside from colours. Is there anything you want?” The boy stayed silent. “Is there anything you don’t want?” asked Kylo. After a moment’s deliberation the boy replied, “No...” It was an obvious lie, but Kylo nodded anyways and made a note for no frills or bows. There was no need to pile insult on top of injury. He looked over Hux’s hair, “Do you need anything to tie it back? Braids help to keep it from tangling.” “Do you want to tie it? I’ll let you,” said the boy submissively. Kylo sighed. A few hours ago he would have leapt at the opportunity. Now he was only going to take the boy up on it to prevent a future hassle. He nodded and sat on the bed, motioning in front of him, “Sit here, I’ll braid it for you. I left some ribbons before. Use whatever colour you like.” The boy went to retrieve a ribbon and picked the green one. Kylo wondered if it was his own fancy or if he was still incredibly desperate to please. He handed Kylo the ribbon and glanced at the conspicuous way he had his legs spread before settling between them. Kylo set to work combing out the human’s hair with his fingers, making sure there were no little knots before he started to braid it. He thought the French style might suit Armitage, braided over his shoulder with a little bit left loose to frame his face. He began sectioning the hair before he spoke softly, “I was human once.” Hux stiffened as Kylo continued, “I was turned at a young age. My parents tried to deny what I was, raise me as a human but…it was awful. I couldn’t eat human food anymore, sunlight burned my skin and eyes, Sunday masses were a nightmare. My parents kept going to doctors, trying to find a way to change me back. I aged slowly too. When I was about twenty five I only appeared to be ten. Nobody my own age wanted to talk to me. The children who looked my age hated me. Everyone was afraid of me.” He chuckled softly at the memory, “My mother, she was very shrewd. She tried to convince everyone that having a vampire in our village was a good thing, that when I was old enough I’d drive off other vampires and my presence kept other children safe. Her influence kept me alive I think. My father…” Kylo’s smiled faded, “…he was a trader so he was often away anyways, but I couldn’t help thinking I was the one who made him leave. One day he just…never came back. I still don’t know what happened. “A lot of people hated me, a lot of them were afraid of me. I’ve known many people in my life who’ve been at my beck and call out of fear…You don’t have to be one of them. I don’t have many friends, I rarely get company…I want to be your friend, if you’ll have me.” Kylo finished his story and the braid. He had done it loosely, not wanting it to be tight or pull too much. It exposed Hux’s neck invitingly, and Kylo resisted the urge to stroke the white flesh with his fingers. He traced the sections of the braid instead, tucking imaginary stray hairs into place. The boy stood up and turned. There was a slightly determined glint in his eye before his fearful expression returned. To Kylo’s surprise, Armitage sat on his leg and wrapped an arm around his shoulder for support. He took Kylo’s hand in his before placing it over his chest. The boy pursed his lips before saying quietly, “I think you wanted to be more than friends.” He pressed in closer, “Is this warm? Am I pleasing you?” Kylo wrapped his arms around him, afraid Hux might fall if he wasn’t supported properly. He tried to explain, “You are, but you don’t have to. You…you’ve been very good. I said I’m keeping you so you don’t need to do that unless it’s something you want.” Kylo wondered at the boy’s ability to only have two ways of operating, rude and difficult or eerily eager to please. He wondered if there could ever be a happy medium between the two. He might be able to put up with a little sarcasm, possibly infuse it with some proper wit, if the boy would stop being so terribly fixated on pleasing him out of fear. Hux leaned in and kissed his cheek, “No, I’ve behaved badly, but I can be good. I’ll be very good.” Feeling warm lips touch his cheek Kylo pulled back. He looked at Hux seriously, “You’re only doing this because you’re scared.” The boy’s brow furrowed and he pressed closer, “I’ll be your friend. I’m being good. I’m doing what you want.” Kylo regarded him, trying to be firm, “I said I’m keeping you. I’m very sorry for my outburst. I only want you to kiss me if it’s something you want to do. It’s meaningless otherwise.” “I want to kiss you,” said Armitage, borderline forceful as he pressed him slim form closer against Kylo, “You can kiss me too. You can…you can touch me again.” He pressed his face into the crook of Kylo’s neck, but he could feel the boy’s face burn with shame and his voice trembling as he whispered, “You can touch me…I was…I was being stubborn before. I'll hold still and I won't scream...” “No,” said Kylo firmly, pulling him back, “This is the third and last time I’ll say it: I’m keeping you, so stop this. Right now.” Hux let go and pulled back. He was still frightened, but he was more confused than ever. Kylo wondered how on earth he could explain it in a way the boy would understand. He’d already said he was keeping him. How could he prove it? Or…was that what the boy was trying to do by being so forward? Like consummating a marriage. Perhaps in his mind he was trying to finalize the arrangement, do something that he felt would guarantee that Kylo would keep him and not take one of the girls from the town to take his place. He disentangled himself from Hux as gently as he could giving the boy a sharp look before stating, “I want you to stop. You’re not in your right mind. I’ve seen this enough times to know it will end with you in tears and inconsolable for weeks.” “But I want you to,” said Armitage, looking up at him. Kylo could only stare in shock as the boy reached behind him and started to undo the buttons on the back of his nightgown. He managed to recover his voice as Hux started sliding it down his torso. Kylo gripped it and tried to pull it back up, “Didn’t you hear me!? Stop!” Hux looked up at him, frightened and frustrated, “I’m just…trying to do what you want…If I don’t you said you’d…I don’t understand what you want from me…” Kylo tucked him against his shoulder. He tried to think of how on earth he could even begin to explain it within the parameters that the boy found so horrifying. He patted his hair soothingly, “I must be confusing you terribly…please, for now, don’t do this. It’s not a decision you can make under duress like this. You’ll regret it and we’ll both suffer for it.” “But if I don’t-” Hux began. “I won’t send you away for it, I promise,” said Kylo, “I haven’t known you long, but this isn’t who you are and I want it to stop.” Carefully he arranged the nightgown over Hux’s shoulders and buttoned up the back, making sure that he was well covered. He pulled back and glanced over at the bed, “But I will insist on you sleeping in the bed. You’ll get dirty and sick if you lie in front of the fireplace like that.” “I know you want to…I don’t want to keep dreading it, please just…get it over with,” pleaded Hux. Kylo held him close and stroked his hair, “I don’t want you to do this because you’re afraid.” “Why…why are you doing this? I don’t understand what you want,” protested Hux. “I want to love you, I don’t want it to be a transaction. You’re a very confusing, frustrating creature, but I think I might be a little in love with you,” admitted Kylo. Hux pulled slightly and looked back at him incredulously, distrustful as he stared Kylo down. Kylo discreetly inhaled through his nose and immediately detected the stench of shock. The boy obviously hadn’t been expecting a declaration of love. The words had shocked him out of his submission, at least for a few moments though before he pulled away, “How should I lie down…” He was going to ignore the declaration it seemed. Kylo settled back on the bed, laying an arm out across the pillow, “Rest your head here.” Hux crawled across the bed, lying down as he had been instructed. Kylo lifted his forearm, tucking the slight human against his neck and stroking his hair. Normally he would wrap his other arm around him and curl his legs underneath his partner’s, but the boy was not his partner. He was still frightened. He did not understand. He could hardly give permission under that sort of mental strain. Armitage might be asking, verbally consenting, but he would be almost guaranteed to be upset and full of self-loathing after the act. He very badly wanted to explore him though. To map him out, examine him, see what he responded most eagerly to. It would only confuse Hux though, make him more upset. It all made perfect sense in Kylo’s mind. He was having a difficult time reminding himself that the boy saw this as more of a slaughterhouse than an adoptive home. It was so difficult to constantly view everything through that lens and hoped the boy would become so numb to it that he forgot all about the inevitable. The others had. Kylo thought he had made them happy in their final years. “See, we can be like this for now, if you want,” said Kylo. Hux closed his eyes, “I haven’t been well educated, but I know what an arrangement like this requires to be made final. I need to be sure you’ll keep me.” “It also requires love,” said Kylo. He stroked the boy’s cheek, “I’ve been alive long enough to know that if there’s no love between us, neither of us will be happy with it. You’ll hate yourself for it, spending your time thinking of reasons to justify giving yourself to a man you don’t love, and I’ll hate myself for putting you through so much pain. I’ll keep you, but I don’t want to make you miserable.” “Then how am I supposed to know you’ll keep me,” said Hux. He cast his eyes down, “If I say something wrong again…” “I lost my temper,” explained Kylo, “It doesn’t excuse what happened, but I hope it will make what I said feel a bit more empty. I didn’t know it would affect you so much.” “I…I haven’t done that for a very long time…” admitted the boy, closing his eyes, “Not since I was a child. I thought nothing could make me do that again.” Kylo wanted very badly to kiss him when he said that. The boy was probably too young, too uneducated to have the words to describe what his mind was doing to him. Kylo had seen it before. People who had gone through something so horrible that whenever exposed to something similar they would revert back to the mindset that kept them alive. It seemed, whatever Hux had been through, he survived by becoming docile, deferential, submissive in the hopes of placating whoever was trying to hurt him. The human might have looked grown-up, he might give off a mature scent, but he was still so young. Barely a fraction of Kylo’s age. “I’ll try not to lose my temper again,” said Kylo, still stroking his cheek, “You’re so lovely…I don’t want to frighten you.” The boy pursed his lips slightly, visibly biting back some sarcastic question. The corner of Kylo’s mouth twitched into a smile. He had no idea how much he would miss the infuriating comments until Hux stopped making them. He moved his hand down to tap his shoulder, “I can see you’re hiding something. Out with it.” Hux opened his eyes, and after a few moment’s hesitation whispered cautiously, “So you’d scare me all the time and love every second of it if I was covered in warts?” Kylo snorted at that and pulled his little human closer, “Warts can be healed. Then I would get to be the only one to see what a beauty you are.” “I can’t be beautiful, I have red hair,” said Hux with a slight huff. He closed his eyes, slightly more relaxed, “Red hair means bad luck. Who knows? I might kill you yet. You touch it so often you’ll probably get struck by lightning or run over by a carriage.” “Is that what they’re saying these days?” Kylo purred, “When I was only a few hundred years old, my kind highly prized your exact colouration. It was thought that there was something vampiric about you, that you were more virile than other humans, and your blood had magical properties. In other words, you’re perfection. I think it’s your best feature.” The boy shot him a cautious look, “See? You’re doing it again. Saying you won’t have me, saying I have to want it first, and then saying those things…” “I’m only complimenting you,” said Kylo. He thought he had done a good job of holding back. He wanted to mention how Hux was more than ideal for him. In terms of his looks and physiognomy he was everything Kylo liked in a man. Easy to lift and handle, beautifully responsive to touch. He wanted him, but not as a transaction. Not as insurance. Not out of fear. If the boy eventually came to him only wanting physical relief Kylo could abide by that, but ideally he wanted the boy to be comfortable and at least friendly with him. It always felt better if there was some sort of connection. He wondered why Hux was having such a hard time understanding that. “I was trying to make you feel better. Your hair is hardly something you should be ashamed of. I intended it as praise,” Kylo whispered against the top of his head, letting Hux’s warmth seep into him. He only had vague memories of being a human. He couldn’t remember the tastes of foods or the feeling of his lungs moving all by themselves without thinking about it, but he remembered warmth. He supposed he was instinctively trying to go back to that time in doing what he could to keep warm things about him, and Hux was very warm. He wanted to wrap around him to take it all in, and would have if he thought the little human would not be terribly confused by it. “Would you like to talk tomorrow? Properly. I want you to understand everything,” said Kylo, nuzzling him and taking in his scent. He couldn’t recall the last time he had deliberately inhaled so much. He loved the smell of the red-haired human. It was becoming ridiculously clear to Kylo that he was completely smitten with this one and it was getting harder to resist wrapping his other arm around him. Kylo knew he could ask, and that Hux would say yes, but only out of self-preservation. Perhaps though, since it was such a harmless thing, if he held the human in his arms for a night, was caring and gentle with him, he might feel better. If he continued to detect distress he would let go, but perhaps his human could fall asleep like that and wake up feeling safer and more secure. Kylo continued, “You can ask any question you like. I’ll try to be understanding and answer all of them.” “Do all those rules from before still stand?” asked Hux. “They do,” said Kylo, “If you’re to stay here you need to follow the rules so things can run smoothly. I need you to be good and obedient for me. I’d be worried to let you out of here if I thought you might hurt me or yourself. You understand, don’t you?” The sigh and the look on his face seemed to indicate that he understood perfectly, but he disliked it. He probably still thought it unfair. Kylo supposed he was the same way when he was young. Even now, occasionally, when things did not go the way he wanted, he was inclined to think that things were unfair. Kylo brushed his thumb over the human’s cheek, “May I hold you? Nothing else, I prom-” Hux didn’t give him time to finish. The boy rolled over and pressed himself against Kylo’s chest. The vampire had thought the human had completely dropped his subservient façade, but it seemed to fade much more slowly than Kylo had anticipated. Armitage shivered slightly. Kylo couldn’t retain his own body heat anymore and knew his body was very cold by human standards. He also noticed that the boy had shifted, positioning himself strategically under Kylo’s chin, his neck and large veins out of reach of his fangs. “That’s a good boy,” sighed Kylo, petting the boy’s upper back and hair as he held him, “I didn’t mean to scare you so badly. I’m sorry, really.” He felt his body slowly warming, leeching Armitage’s heat. He noticed he hadn’t put on his own nightshirt, and that the blankets were pinned underneath them. They would have to move, but Kylo loathed the idea of pulling away from the boy for the torturous few minutes it would take to get properly dressed and lie with him under the duvet. He could afford to skip one of those. “Shh…I need you to close your eyes for a moment,” shushed Kylo. He could feel the boy’s eyes tighten as he bit back a, ‘why?’ Kylo kept stroking the back of his hair, pressing Hux against his chest as he called for the wraiths to bring an extra blanket. He knew the boy would not like to see them, and did not want to do anything that resembled punishment after being so badly frightened. He trailed his fingers over loose sections of the braid, making sure Armitage’s eyes were obstructed if he decided to open them as the silent servants drew a blanket over them. Kylo waited until they had fallen back into the shadows, “It’s alright, you can open them if you want.” Kylo held him tightly, loving his warmth and softness but wishing that it Armitage had chosen this out of something other than fear. The boy seemed so determined now. Kylo’s temper had snapped something inside him, that strange survival instinct. That was all this was. It was exactly what he wanted but it felt so empty. He recalled nights he had lay awake with Bell, simply being happy with her, and other humans like her. Humans who had held him like this because they cared about him. “I didn’t mean to hurt you,” said Kylo, for what little it was worth. He never had a human like this, one who had been so badly hurt and damaged before coming to him. He had no idea how on earth to care for Hux. At any rate, he did not want to send his human away. He was more determined than ever to keep him. Someone in that town had hurt him. Even if he had enough friends to make him determined to defend them, Kylo couldn’t stand the thought of Hux suffering the way he must have. “Please say something…” pleaded Kylo, stroking his hair. He inhaled again, trying to search out any trace of discomfort or extreme fear. He couldn’t sense anything more off than usual, but it was so strange to continuously apologize and hear nothing back. “…I miss the stables…” said Hux quietly. “I know, I know…” Kylo said quietly, trying to sound comforting, “You didn’t know this would happen. You didn’t want it to happen. I’ll try to make it bearable for you. We’ll figure everything out together in the morning.” Chapter 7 Notes: Another talking angsty chapter, because I clearly haven't written enough of that yet. Don't worry, there's fluff too. WE HAVE FANART!! Murasaki99 did some period-accurate sketches of Kylo and Hux based on fashion plates from the 1830s. You can check them out here: https://kerynnkeeperm99.tumblr.com/post/150852361872/cracks-knuckles-ok-im-really-in-love-with Hux kept looking about, and Kylo supposed he couldn’t blame him. The dining room must been larger than any Hux had ever seen before. It might have even been bigger than most stables he had seen. Kylo sat opposite him with his arms folded on the table. He regarded Hux seriously, “You aren’t out of hot water yet. It’s going to be a very long time before I’m convinced you’re finished with fighting…but what I’ve been trying to do isn’t working, so we’re going to try something new.” Kylo drummed his fingers and looked down the length of the table, before facing Hux again, “You know what needs to happen if you stay. You know certain things are inflexible. Within those parameters…what do you want?” Hux looked over at him suspiciously before settling back against his chair. He seemed to be thinking it over seriously. Whatever spell had overtaken him did not seem to have left completely. A ghost of that submissive character remained in his hunched shoulders and passively folded hands. He cast his eyes downwards, “I want to know the others will be safe. Is there any way you can guarantee it? I’m willing to…consummate it, if that’s what it takes.” “It's not necessary. You don’t need to do that if you don’t want to,” Kylo tried to assure him. He tried to think of a way that would make their pact binding. Kylo had thought a verbal agreement was enough, but obviously it wasn’t. He continued, “Is that all you want?” “I want you to be transparent with me,” said Hux. Kylo sighed and put his head in his hands, “I’ve been trying to be transparent with you…” “You don’t…you don’t love us. How can you? You killed them…” said Hux quietly, “I’ve lived for years with people who say they feel one way about me and treat me opposite behind closed doors. I don’t trust anyone who gives me conflicting signals like that. If…if I’m your plaything, pet, livestock, just say so and treat me like that…” The words stung and Kylo gritted his teeth. This again. Why was it so hard for Hux to believe? He looked Armitage over, “Our relationship is…complicated, I’ll admit that much. It doesn’t mean I don’t care about you or that I never cared about the others.” Armitage remained quiet at that, either thinking of his next question or considering what he had been told. Kylo wished the table were just a little less wide so he could hold the boy’s hand while he explained, “I know it must be hard for you to understand, but I cared about them. I loved some of them very deeply. I don’t enjoy killing them.” “Then why do you do it?” asked Hux quickly. Kylo glanced down and pulled out a handkerchief, fiddling with it absentmindedly, pulling it through a ring he made with his fingers before shaking it out and doing it again, “You have to know at least a little history. After Vampires seized control it was deemed necessary for us to take humans, one every two years, as a reminder of who was in control and to keep a reserve of blood in case of invasion. It’s required you see...if I wanted to keep you forever it wouldn’t stop me from having to take others, and I know you don’t want that.” He pulled the handkerchief through again and looked at the little bluebells that had been carefully stitched into it, “And sometimes…they become ill. Sometimes it’s kinder than letting them suffer. Sometimes they go mad…sometimes they ask for their time to be ended. It’s not always so simple as it sounds. What sort of stories was your head filled with? I’m an evil monster who delights in debauching and feeding on your maidens?” “What else are we supposed to think?” asked Hux with a slight shrug. “Well, I’m not,” said Kylo. He shrugged in turn and grinned slightly before admitting, “But I do enjoy humans more than most of my kind. So perhaps the debauching part is a touch warranted.” “You used to be human though,” said Hux, “How did you…?” “I’m not sure about the particulars. I was very young, and it was a very long time ago,” said Kylo, “If a human feeds on vampire blood, sometimes they can turn. It’s rare that a human is compatible though, and the process is excruciatingly painful before it’s completed. Basically your body is realigning and transforming while you’re still alive. You feel your body die, revive itself, all your organs change...Most aren’t strong enough to survive the process. There are also Dhampir, the seed of a union between a human and vampire, but they’re even rarer than humans turning. In all my thousand years I’ve never managed to sire one.” Hux started slightly, “You…you want a child?” Kylo smiled wistfully, “One, someday, possibly two. Two is enough I think. It would make things less lonely.” He nearly asked if Hux wanted any children but checked himself. Even if the boy liked women, by staying here he’d lost his chance at having children of his own. Kylo replaced the handkerchief and sat back in his chair, “Now, that thing that happened to you in the bath. What was it, exactly?” Hux glanced up briefly before looking down, “Sometimes it…happens.” “Do you know how it happens? Does it happen when you’re under duress or does something specific bring it on?” asked Kylo, “I need to know so I can avoid doing it again.” “Or you can use it against me…” said Hux quietly to himself. He crossed his arms and closed his eyes, taking a couple breaths to slow his heart before he continued, “I may regret telling you this but…threatening other people, standing over me like that seems to do it. I thought it was just something that happened with my step-father, but I suppose I was wrong.” “He would do that to you?” asked Kylo. Hux nodded slightly before swallowing on nothing and stammering slightly, “I…beating me must have stopped working. We had a dog…if I didn’t behave right he would…he hit the dog and said it was my fault. Said if I wanted it to stop, if I ever wanted to stop hurting others, I had to behave, do exactly what he wanted. He made me…I did all sorts of humiliating things. After a few years I didn’t have to think about putting on a show for him. It just happened.” It made sense. Kylo suppose he must have seemed every bit the monster Hux thought he was in that moment. It also confirmed his suspicions about Hux’s submissive act. It was taking all the restraint he had not to leap over the table, gather the boy up in his arms and hold him until the pain went away. He glanced down at the table, “What did he make you do?” “Just…things…” said Hux quietly, shifting slightly. “Did he molest you?” asked Kylo, afraid of the answer he might get. “No,” said Hux, looking up sharply before sighing and sitting back, “Nothing like that…” “I see, you don’t have to tell me then,” said Kylo, grateful that at the very least the poor little human had been spared that torment at least. Hux looked away, “So…what am I supposed to do now?” “Anything you like,” said Kylo, trying to seem sweet, “There are plenty of things you can do. There are things for drawing and painting, sheet music and a piano, a library…if you promise not to hurt yourself you can use any of them.” “So I just…stay here until you ask for me,” reasoned Hux glumly. Kylo wasn’t sure what was so awful about that. Leisure time to refine oneself intellectually was a sign of status. Though many of the women remained melancholic throughout their first few weeks, the thought of having servants and not having to work was a small comfort to them. Then again, it sounded as if Hux actually liked his work and his horses. Being separated from them, even in exchange for all the leisure time he could have wanted must have been upsetting. He didn’t seem to have any interest in noble pursuits like arts or sciences. Kylo wondered if there was a way to let him have a horse while not providing him with means to get up to some sort of mischief. He doubted the boy would run away at this point, but he was unpredictable. “I did promise you could have a book. Would you like to see the library?” asked Kylo. “Can you tell me when you’ll do it?” asked Hux, glancing over at him before his eyes dropped down to his lap, “I…I can’t stop thinking about it. You won’t tell me when, just that it’ll be a long time but…I need to know when it will happen.” Kylo’s own eyes dropped, along with his heart. He didn’t like to think about this part. He liked to pretend he and his human had all the time in the world to be together. He didn’t like thinking about what he was duty bound to do to his precious little pets. He accepted that it was what it was in his nature to do and that it was how control was established, but he disliked it. He replied quietly, “In two years…we’ll have two years together. Sometimes I can plead for three or four. I’d like to make you happy though, if you’d allow me.” Hux closed his eyes. He didn’t seem close to crying, but he was far from elated with the news. He took several deep breaths before crossing his arms over his chest, “And…you can promise you won’t before that? I still don’t know how to prove you won’t send me away aside from…” Kylo supposed there was no guarantee. Hux didn’t trust him. Any paper or verbal agreement would be questioned. For whatever reason, the silly human had it fixed in his mind that if Kylo had sex with him he would keep him. It was no more fallible and binding than a signature. Perhaps it was because he had been so forward with his desires. Either way, the boy’s mind would not be put to rest until this matter was settled. It was not what Kylo wanted. He had wanted for the boy to at least like him first. They didn’t have to be in love, but it would have meant much more if they felt something for each other. Kylo hated the idea of Hux lying back on the bed, forcing himself through it for some piece of mind. It seemed like such an awful thing to put oneself through. Still, it Hux seemed adamant about it. Kylo regarded him seriously, “I want you to wait a week.” Hux arched his brow and Kylo continued, “I want to know that you’re serious about this. If you still want to have sex after a week has passed then I won’t say no. If you change your mind then I’ll respect your wishes.” “Why not now?” asked Hux, the words, ‘and just get it over with’ apparent in his tone. Kylo crossed his own arms, “Because you’re only saying that because you’re frightened. It would be bad for both of us if we went through with it now. I’m not going to strong-arm you into this.” Hux looked about the room, “Well you haven’t left me with many other options to explore while I’m here. It seems it’s you or nobody. And so long as my being here and someone else’s survival is contingent on me pleasing you…the answer seems obvious.” He seemed to be purely after some piece of mind. Not feeling secure in his position must have felt awful. Kylo tried to think if there was any way they could compromise, “We can spend a little more time together. I won’t talk you out of it if you’re determined to go through with it, but I feel our relations might be better if there was something more behind them than mercenary dealings…have you ever been seduced?” The boy shrugged his shoulders, “I’m not a virgin if that’s what you’re asking.” Kylo had to admit he was slightly disappointed by the revelation. He felt a slight pang of jealousy at the thought of the boy, Armitage, lovingly draping his arms around another or having someone else carry him off. Probably a big, brawny stable boy. He shook his head, “No, seduced . Not just sex. Has someone ever swept you off your feet? Charmed you? Tried to woo you?” “Woo…?” said Armitage, furrowing his brow in irritation before exclaiming, “I’m a man ! What do you think!?” “Oh good, so I’ll be the first,” said Kylo, intentionally ignoring his little outburst, “Then while you think over your decision, I’d like to woo you properly.” “I don’t want to be wooed…” grumbled Hux. “Everyone says that. Gracious, I said that, then I found out free food was involved and I discovered that I quite liked the attention,” admitted Kylo. “So what will this involve, exactly?” asked Hux. “Oh, mostly fun, frivolous things. Gifts, compliments, letters, poems…Is it alright if I kiss you from time to time?” asked Kylo Hux gave it some thought, “Not my face, please…or my neck or wrists.” Nowhere with large veins. Still, it was better than nothing, and the boy had consented to it. Kylo wasn’t positive that he wanted to be kissed because he thought he might enjoy it, but Kylo was more comfortable giving the boy platonic kisses to try to cheer him up than he was with the idea of Hux lying back and desperately trying not to think about how intimate he was being with someone he hated. He hadn’t put up much of a fight though. He might have had his own reasons for granting permission. It had been at least two days since he had meaningful physical contact with anyone. Humans tended to crave it or get squirrely if they went too long without the touch of another. Kylo slid his chair back and patted his lap, “Come here then.” Hux stared across at him incredulously. Kylo repeated, “Come here. I can send for breakfast and you can eat right here in my lap.” Hux furrowed his brow. Kylo had been hoping that being playful might lighten his mood. Sometimes it worked with the others. After a few days and wanting some levity he could do silly things like this with them. The first few days were always bad, but after a little while humans were often so desperate for company that they calmed themselves and took it where they could get it. Kylo supposed that was one of many benefits of keeping a creature who was used to living in a pack. They would bond with just about anything after a few days of solitude. He also enjoyed hand feeding his humans. They needed to eat so often he didn’t see why he shouldn’t make it a bit entertaining. He liked to wipe their lips with his fingers and let them sit in his lap. Armitage was also, thankfully, a good size for sitting in his lap. If he had been a little larger the whole thing might have been uncomfortable. “That’s ridiculous,” said Hux. “That’s the idea,” said Kylo with a grin, “It’s just a bit of fun. Come here and sit.” “Is this an order or a request?” asked Hux. “I want you to come here,” repeated Kylo, holding out a hand, “I’m trying to be understanding but you still need to mind the rules.” Hux rose and sighed through his nose. It seemed the spell had finally worn off and he was back to dragging his feet. So if he was triggered his behaviour would slowly revert over the course of almost a day. Kylo was glad it was not more than that. He had felt awful about distressing his poor little human. At least now he knew how to avoid it and how to handle it if it were to happen again. For the time being though, while he was not exactly happy with Hux being so sour, he was glad to know he was himself again and he had not permanently broken the poor thing. The boy rounded the table and sat down on his leg. He didn’t sit like a girl at all, which made him a comical sight in his women’s finery. He would need to be taught a little etiquette so as not to embarrass himself. Kylo did what he could with the boy in the meantime, straightening his back and nudging his legs together. He was wearing the last of the dresses that fit him, a wine coloured one made of satin with wrapped, off the shoulder sleeves, showing off his slim arms and all their little freckles. He didn’t often get ones with freckles. They required sun to appear on human skin, and the women he was often sent thought it a sign of status to stay indoors and avoid sunlight. Some of them had painted moles on their skin though. Kylo lifted Hux’s arm, eliciting a slight gasp and examined the little brown spots. There were plenty of them, but there were a few that were darker than the rest. He leaned in and gave one of the prominent ones on the back of Hux’s hand a gentle kiss. He grinned, “These are so sweet. And you have quite a few of them, don’t you?” “I do…” said Hux, slightly nervous. “Nothing serious dear, just a bit of fun,” assured Kylo, kissing another freckle on his arm, “An affectionate little game while we wait.” “What kind of game?” asked Hux. His displeasure and distrust sounded clearly in his tone. It seemed he was confused as to why Kylo waited to make love to him, though the vampire thought he had done an adequate job on making his position clear. Armitage was very young though, and quite cynical in spite of that. Perhaps he had a hard time quantifying a balance between lust and affection. Kylo hoped this would help him learn though. And then perhaps he might have an easier time understanding how Kylo could love and coddle the creatures he was obliged to end. “I’ll ask if I can kiss each of your pretty sun spots. If you say yes, I will. If not, I’ll kiss somewhere I’m allowed,” explained Kylo. He moved his hand to the back of Hux’s arm, “May I kiss this one?” Hux nodded awkwardly and Kylo hummed his approval, kissing the little mark, “Let’s see if they’re all sweet, shall we?” “Salt…” Hux mumbled awkwardly, “Skin tastes like salt…I can’t be sweet.” “We taste things differently. Things that taste good to you are awful to me, and skin that seems salty to you tastes different for me,” explained Kylo, “I don’t remember human food, so I don’t know what I can compare you to, but you’re very sweet.” He found a dark brown one near the boy’s elbow, “May I kiss this one?” “Yes but…how is this not…?” Hux began to ask. “Nobody ever counted all your pretty little spots with kisses? That’s a shame. My mother used to kiss mine,” said Kylo, giving the mark another kiss for good measure. The boy’s heart was pounding. If something like this was making his heart flutter he must not have been used to affection at all. He gave it a third kiss, “I can’t recall where I heard it or who told me, but there’s a story that these mark places where angels have kissed you.” “Then there’s an angel out there who really likes my ass…” Hux muttered to himself. “Don’t be crass,” warned Kylo, reaching up and tapping the boy’s mouth, “Those lips are too pretty for cursing.” He settled his arms around Armitage’s waist, “But they look just right for kissing. Turn yourself and let me look.” The boy hesitated, “Is that a command or…” “You know the rules darling. Turn so I can see your spots and those pretty lips,” insisted Kylo, “I’ll let you refuse kisses if you don’t want them, but you’re such a dainty thing. I can’t resist looking.” He could smell the boy’s fear as he turned, which was a pity, but Kylo knew he really only had himself to blame for that. Perhaps if he’d been more delicate from the start the poor thing would have become much friendlier with him by now. He was lucky he hadn’t permanently broken the unfortunate little soul. He would have to be more careful, more cautious, but at the same time, Armitage could be dangerous if he was given the opportunity. Humans were beautiful, warm and soft, but they had proven their potential for lethality. It would be a thin line to walk, firmness and kindness, but Kylo thought he could manage it. “There…” he said, settling Hux across his legs, “This isn’t so bad, is it? I’ll be very sweet with you. You’ll be my little treasure. My darling companion.” “For two years…” Hux reminded him quietly. Kylo frowned at that and was about to protest when Hux asked, “Before you said you could sometimes get an extension…” “Yes, if we get on well, I’ve managed to acquire a reprieve or two in the past,” explained Kylo. “But if you really don’t like killing us, why do you keep doing it?” asked Hux insistently. Kylo sighed and stroked his cheek, making sure the boy faced him, “Dearest, I have to. Those are the laws we’re both bound by.” “That’s not the way it is in France, or America…” noted the boy. He looked at Kylo seriously, “If you don’t like this, and we certainly don’t like this, why don’t we do something different?” “Do you have any idea how many of my friends were beheaded during The Terror after those damned ‘Revolutions?’” demanded Kylo, irately removing his hand from Hux’s face, “I hope you’re not suggesting a Republic.” “You killed my friends,” Hux reminded him accusingly. He closed his eyes, took a breath and continued as calmly as he could, “More to the point…if I could find a way that kept the balance without sacrificing humans, would you stop killing us?” Kylo sighed. This notion, this idea seemed to be giving the boy some hope, the comfort Kylo had been desperately been trying to give him, but it was impossible. The Blood Tax had been part of their social structure, the way they governed, the way they defended their territories for centuries. It kept order and it worked. The only alternatives present were those brought about by blood and violence. Humans rising up en masse and overthrowing their kings or cutting ties from across the sea. America had been shocking, France had been a nightmare. Countless vampires, as well as humans had died. There seemed to be no in between. There was stability, or there was The Terror. And yet this foolhardy twenty-one year old seemed to think he could find a way. “I have two years, you said I could have a book from the library. Would you let me try?” asked Armitage, looking at him with fierceness and determination, his little spell from before dissolved to nothingness. It was an exercise in futility. If there was a way, Kylo would have found it. His Master, the Tsar would have certainly found it. If the most wise and ancient minds couldn’t think of something better, surely it was impossible for a poorly educated boy to make up a new model for government all by himself, not one that would work. Still, he seemed so much more himself like this. So much closer to being happy. Perhaps a little project or trivial pursuit was just what the boy needed. Kylo regarded him seriously, “If I let you use the library for your little project, you have to promise not to hurt me, not to hurt yourself, and you have to put in a little more effort to be obedient and cheerful. Do we have a bargain?” “Throw in ‘no more sudden razors to my throat’ and it’s a deal,” said Hux, thrusting his calloused hand upwards and holding it out. Kylo looked at it quizzically before realizing the silly boy wanted to shake hands with him. He sniffed slightly and didn’t detect any desire for mischief or insult. Apparently nobody had told him humans and vampires didn’t shake hands. Kylo couldn’t recall which side started it; humans as a defensive measure or vampires to subjugate the humans who tried to overthrow them. Either way, humans bowed or curtseyed at a distance and waited to be acknowledged by their vampire lord or lady. They never shook hands. But his little human looked so sincere… He took the boy’s hand and turned it, placing a kiss over his knuckles, “No sudden razors.” The boy seemed confused by the gesture and retracted his hand, seeming slightly disappointed. Kylo was sorry to upset him, but he couldn’t have the boy getting any notions about them being equals. It would break Hux’s heart all over again if Kylo allowed him to think that and then had to remind him that they weren’t on the same footing. He’d made that mistake before and the fallout was always terrible. “Though, if I give you plenty of warning, can I shave your face again? I hope you trust I won’t hurt you now. Your nails are starting to look a bit long as well. We could make a day of it,” suggested Kylo. Armitage gave him a slightly worried look so Kylo added, “But I’ll show you the library first, right after breakfast, then you can have a look around and choose your book.” Armitage let out a yelp and clung to him suddenly. Kylo caught him and looked down, just in time to see a set of long arms pull away from a plate of potatoes and bacon before retracting into the shadows. He couldn’t resist chuckling at the poor silly thing. He’d have to get used to the Wraiths eventually. He stroked the boy’s hair, “Shh, it’s alright dearest, just your potatoes.” Kylo took up a fork and playfully speared a potato as Hux quivered on his lap. The boy let out a shaky breath, “I hate those things…what are they, anyways?” “Servants,” said Kylo. The boy continued to look up at him in confusion, so he elaborated, “They’re ghosts of those who used to be my servants. They took an oath a long time ago to serve me in death as they did in life and now…well, that’s what’s left of them. I can’t identify them anymore. They can’t identify themselves either for that matter. They’ve lost their capacity to remember anything about themselves, but it seems they all remember commands and housework.” Something about the way Hux looked into the shadows changed. He still shook a little, but there was much less fear and more of something else. He asked quietly, “And you…what will you…?” “Do with the wraiths? They’ll linger until I die, I think. They’re bound to the castle, so they’ve nowhere to go. All they know is that they serve me,” explained Kylo. He took a moment to think, “Goodness, it’s been ages. Sometimes I can recall faces but I can’t remember any of their names. It’s been too long. I think one of them was Polish…” He watched Armitage stare pensively into the dark for a moment, taking in the boy’s sudden calm before lifting the fork to his lips, “But that’s hardly talk for the breakfast table. Be good and eat up. You did promise to be obedient.” “I can feed myself…” Hux protested slightly out the side of his mouth. Humans usually did prefer to feed themselves. Only a handful of them took to it quickly. Kylo enjoyed feeding them like this in his lap or by hand. He remembered his mother did it for him when he was younger and he enjoyed the attention. Later, when he started viewing humans with a more distant lens, he began to realize how ritualized food was between them. How sharing meals built bonds, signified trust, gifts of certain food signified love and that feeding was equated to nurturing. In addition to enjoying the activity instead of being a passive observer, he wanted to demonstrate those qualities to his humans. That he was trustworthy and wanted to care for them. Pampering them almost to the point of spoiling them was his favorite part of keeping a human. “I know. It’s not really what you’re used to, but it’s a fancy of mine. You did say you would cooperate,” Kylo reminded him. Hux looked down at the fork, going adorably cross-eyed as he tried to look at it while it was pressed against his lips. He looked at Kylo hesitantly before leaning down and taking it in his mouth. Kylo watched, completely taken with the way his pink lips sealed themselves around the utensil as he pulled the fork back. Kylo kept his arm settled around the boy’s waist, elated with how the morning was going. His little human was better, he wasn’t broken, and he was starting to behave. He kissed the boy’s cheek as a reward, “That’s a very good boy. Now I want you to finish this plate, alright?” “And then I can see the library?” asked Armitage, brushing hair away from his mouth. “Of course dearest,” assured Kylo, nuzzling him as he speared some more potatoes. He brought them up to the boy’s lips and watched delightedly as he took another bite. He was being so good. If he had known a few books would settle him down, Kylo would have given him a novel or two sooner. Kylo took a napkin and dabbed it around the boy’s mouth. He didn’t need it, not really, but Kylo liked to caress and cuddle his humans, and this one was so soft and warm with such a sweet scent… As Kylo fed his lovely little human, he felt he had come up with a few ideas for courting him. Chapter 8 Notes: I hope this chapter doesn't jump the shark... Also, MORE ART! I feel so spoiled! Murasaki99 did a couple of drawings. One is a black and white Hux and Kylo on horses that you can see here: https://kerynnkeeperm99.tumblr.com/post/150934986742/moonlight-ride-and-here-we-go-the-inks-for-the#notes And the other one is watercolour with a neat background with the boys going for a ride: https://kerynnkeeperm99.tumblr.com/post/151090135137/under-the-moonlight-the-serious-moonlight#notes Kylo looked at his human as the boy’s jaw dropped slightly at the sight of the library. Kylo supposed it must have been impressive to a young human who hadn’t seen many libraries belonging to vampires. His collection of books was not nearly as extensive or well-organized as some of the ones he had seen. Really his library was an average one. Humans were always impressed when they saw things from past ages though, especially books. It didn’t matter if the information they contained was completely outdated, or they had no personal attachment to them, humans just seemed to love old books. Something about the smell attracted them, if Kylo understood correctly. He brought Hux inside and spoke to him firmly, “You can read anything you like, but you have to be careful. Some of these volumes are hundreds of years old and they need to be handled gingerly. The wraiths will be watching, so don’t go trying to throw yourself off a shelf or destroying anything or they will stop you. If you behave yourself they won’t bother you though. Do you understand?” “Do you have books about different governments or history?” asked Hux, trotting over to a shelf and examining the spines of different books. “Most of this is fiction, but I have some of those,” said Kylo. He took the boy’s arm, “Those are all story books, darling, you’ll want to come this way.” He brought Armitage to a shelf that had seen considerably less attention. Kylo looked about for something that might suit the boys wants. He wanted to study the governments of different countries, but perhaps he ought to start with his own. The boy seemed to have so little understanding as to why blood tax was a necessary institution, so that seemed a fair place to begin. Kylo pulled a book from the shelf. It was written about a hundred years ago, but the information all seemed sound enough. He handed it to Hux, “I think that will be a good start. You’re free to look around, and when you finish you can keep one to read wherever you like.” Hux looked at the cover and his brow furrowed. Kylo thought at first that he might have been displeased with the selection until he saw the boy’s mouth moving, trying to sound out the different words. Then it dawned on Kylo, the boy could read, but not nearly well enough for such advanced material. He arched his brow slightly, “You…must have some history. You mentioned being educated.” “For a few years…I started late since I did a lot of work at home, and then I had to stop earlier than everyone else because I got an apprenticeship,” explained Hux. He looked up adamantly, “But I can read. It just takes me a little longer than most.” “I don’t doubt that, but perhaps you’ll want to practice with something easier and then work your way up to that,” said Kylo gesturing at the book in Hux’s hands. “I don’t want to waste any time,” said Hux, opening up the book and flipping to the index. He trailed a finger along the words and silently mouthed the sounds the words were supposed to make. Kylo gave a light shrug. The boy would get frustrated and give up soon enough, and when he did Kylo felt certain there must have been something about that was easier to read. Or perhaps he might have to read to his human until he improved. He liked the idea of Armitage sitting in his lap or lying against his chest as Kylo read to him, the boy fixated on every word. But until then he would have to let Hux be stubborn and wear himself out. Kylo pointed past the shelves, “There’s lots of chairs where you can sit and read. If you get cold or hungry just say so and the servants will look after you. Or if you’re still frightened by them they can alert me and I’ll take care of you.” “Where are you going?” asked Hux. Kylo grinned slightly, “I am a lord you know. I have an entire territory to manage and tend to. As much as I’d love to spend all my time doting on you, I do have obligations.” He patted Hux on the head, “Now, be a good boy and I’ll come for you later.” Hux flinched away from the contact and began walking towards an armchair, the book clutched tightly in his arms. Kylo figured he might spend less than an hour with it before he gave up on the whole pursuit. *** Kylo never had much of an attention span for paper. It was boring. It didn’t move or talk or do anything interesting and reading for hours at a time required so much concentration. Still, it was a necessary evil. Letters were the best way for vampires to communicate across far distances. Long distance travel, anything longer than a single night’s journey was always a risk. All it took was an accident, a highwayman, a group of rebellious humans to open up a carriage and expose him to sunlight and that would be the end of him. Travel during daylight left vampires far too vulnerable to make regular visits to each other, unless they lived close by, so most communication was done through paper and ink. He had three piles on his desk. He had to skim through everything to sort them. There was one pile for social letters, one for pure business, and one for letters that mixed the two. His most pressing issue though was that awful she-wolf Phasma and her lot. As if relations between humans and vampires weren’t troublesome enough, about three or four hundred years ago werewolves had started cropping up all over the place and mucking everything up. Technically they were citizens of his territory, but they had their own ridiculous ‘pack government’ that they adhered to. They couldn’t just live as humans and lock themselves up for a few nights a month. No, that would make things easy… Kylo looked through Phasma’s letter. It would be easier to deal with her in person, send her an invitation and have her come to see him. She had done so before, but Kylo was not looking forward to it. She was always so snide and insufferable. Barely any manners at all, and always bothering his poor humans with her flirtations. Armitage was a boy though, so he likely wouldn’t interest her at all. He began writing out an invitation, doing his best not to deliberately say anything insulting, though it was incredibly tempting. The she-wolf was always pushing her luck with him, harassing his humans and attacking their livestock. She didn’t see it that way though, she never saw it that way. Apparently she was taking something she felt that she was owed. A long thin arm touched his and Kylo sighed, “Is it the boy?” The wraith signaled in the negative and then made a sign that there was someone at the door. Three someones in fact. “Who? Humans?” asked Kylo. It couldn’t have been a vampire, but perhaps Phasma had decided to invite herself over instead of waiting to be invited. The wraith signaled that the visitors were humans. At first Kylo was startled, then he remembered that they had sent him a young girl, and that instead of everything going smoothly the coach driver had disguised himself as a woman and tried to commit treason. If he had to guess, they were here for damage control. Frankly it was surprising that it had taken them this long to figure out that something had gone wrong. “If they have no weapons let them in,” said Kylo. Kylo stood and tossed his pen across the desk. Phasma would have to wait. He could only guess which three had come. It depended on what how much damage they believed Armitage had done. Probably representatives of the law, coming to discuss what was to be done and to assure that it was only the coach driver who had gone rogue. Kylo could guess what they would say, desperate to save their own hides and not invoke the wrath of vampires. He also realized that he held an advantage. They didn’t know Armitage had agreed to take the place of the blood tax and was currently sitting in the library. The situation had already resolved itself. He could sit, draw the whole thing out, make them sweat, which could be entertaining. It was always fun to watch humans who thought they were bigger than they really were squirm in discomfort as they realized their own insignificance. Besides, any power these men had came from him. Not being able to monitor every town and village under his control, Kylo had to rely on a few human agents to enforce the law of the land and make sure things ran smoothly. As much as they pretended otherwise, when it came down to it they were his servants. He entered the front hall and saw the trio of men, all looking very grey and dower in their black suits. He didn’t remember their names, humans cycled out of their positions so quickly he simply couldn’t keep up. He knew their titles though. One was a constable, another was a bailiff, he didn’t recognize the third, but he was dressed like an official, and he was young, probably someone new to the administrative staff. Kylo grinned amicably as his footsteps echoed in the front hall, “Gentlemen, to what do I owe the pleasure?” “I think you’re aware, my lord,” began the constable, “That a young girl was meant to be delivered three days ago. She was spotted yesterday evening in her family’s home. Apparently the coach driver orchestrated her escape.” “Oh? And where is the girl now?” asked Kylo. He crossed his arms and tried to resist laughing, “You understand that if someone crosses the border or starts an uprising, and I can’t reach my full strength, it benefits nobody.” “The girl will be sent but her family has become…difficult. You can understand it was hard for them to part with their daughter once, but this is the second time,” explained the bailiff. He wiped his face with a handkerchief, “But she will be brought to you, of course. We’ve no intention of withholding her.” “Ah, so she ran away. So if you haven’t come to bring the blood tax, then why are you here?” asked Kylo. He looked at the young, blond man he couldn’t identify, “And who are you?” “Dmitri Pavelvich,” said the young man. Kylo gave him a waiting look and gestured for him to continue, “The mayor is currently with the family of Miss Illya Roskovna. I’ve come in his stead to represent him.” “I see,” said Kylo, “That’s all very well and good, but it doesn’t explained by a constable, a bailiff and a representative for the mayor were all gathered on my front porch.” The constable, with his silvery hair cautiously stepped forward and regretfully announced, “We’re looking for the coach driver who caused this whole mess. His name is Armitage Hux.” Kylo nodded slightly, “A very unusual name for this part of the world. Shall we discuss him over tea? Well, tea for you, something else for me, I think.” The young man…Kylo had forgotten his name already, the mayor’s lackey, looked at the other two for some sort of direction. The constable seemed irate, as if he were eager to get on with his investigation. Not because he was seeking justice, but because he wanted the task over and done with. Something about having to arrest Armitage clearly bothered him. The bailiff looked at the other two, and finding no consensus between confusion and irritation replied, “Tea would be…lovely.” “Excellent,” said Kylo, signalling for the humans to follow, “It’s being prepared as we speak. If you’ll come with me to the drawing room, perhaps you could tell me more about this missing coach driver.” “He’s young, about twenty, tall and thin with red hair,” said the constable as he followed. “Oh, he sounds delightful. Did you know vampires have highly prized red haired humans for hundreds of years?” asked Kylo, leading them to the study he had just come from. The wraiths had already moved a few chairs around a low table, though the desk was still in some disarray. He sat down and gestured for the humans to do the same. He thought he might ramble for a moment, make them squirm a little, “It was thought once that the blood of a human male with red hair could turn copper to gold, that they could commune with demons. Now, none of this is true, I’ve lived long enough to see those myths debunked, but they’re very beguiling and very sweet. I also find them the most delectable. I especially like pretty young boys with red hair. They have the most tender flesh that just melts on your tongue. Ah, where are my manners, please, sit, it must have been a long journey.” Kylo watched with satisfaction as they filed in, each one more uncomfortable than the last as they took in his statements about eating human flesh. So they had no idea what had become of Armitage. It seemed the girl he had saved had kept her lips sealed about any potential killing at least. As far as these men seemed to know all he had done was provide the girl with means of escape and disappeared. It was still something he could be arrested for, but nowhere near as serious as what he had tried to accomplish. So long as they thought that, they might have given him the means he required to win the boy over. He grinned amiably, “So, what are you going to do about this runaway coach driver?” “We’re currently searching the area, sending out his description. He’s on foot…” the constable trailed off and grimaced, “And we have reason to believe he’s dressed as a woman.” “Gracious,” said Kylo, feigning surprise. “He’s a cunning, troublesome thing. A bastard by one of the so-called Emperor’s men. He was always running away from the family that was kind enough to take him in, and I think if you saw him, you’d agree that he simply has the look of someone who’s up to no good,” explained the bailiff. That was harsh, but the trio was planning on throwing the boy to the metaphorical wolves to ensure the wellbeing of their own pack. Kylo arched his brow, “What makes you say that? What he did was wrong, but if the girl was a dear friend of his it’s understandable. Just a young man becoming overly passionate and doing something stupid. He's hardly the first young hothead I've dealt with.” “I’m sure you’ve lived long enough to know his type. Something…mischievous, wicked about him. He looks harmless enough but give him an inch and he abducts a girl and then disappears,” said the bailiff. That still seemed a little too harsh, even given the circumstances. The younger man flinched slightly and brought a hand to his mouth. Kylo looked down, “Oh, tea’s arrived. Don’t mind the wraiths, help yourselves gentlemen.” Kylo took up his own cup and recognized the familiar tang of rabbit’s blood. He preferred to drink it fresh from the source, but when he was with humans he felt obliged to drink as they did, prove he wasn’t an animal like they seemed to think. He sipped and licked the excess from his lips, eliciting looks of horror from his guests. Animal blood sustained him, but without blood from humans Kylo could feel himself weaken. He had considered weaning himself off humans entirely, but couldn't resist losing his strength. He replaced his cup, “And so you’ve come here hoping I might have seen this wicked little coach driver dressed in women’s clothing.” “W-we’re taking this crime very seriously,” said the mayor’s lackey, “We’ve had very good relations for many, many years and we don’t want this to be damaging.” Kylo glanced at the desk and a wraith began to write a message before disappearing into the shadows, “I’m very grateful that you’ve all made this such a high priority. You've proven yourselves most trustworthy.” “We hope that you’ll be understanding. We’re having a difficult time retrieving Miss Roskovna…her father has fortified their house and he is…unhappy,” said the mayor’s lackey, trying to sound neutral, “We’ll send her as soon as we’re able but we must beg your patience.” “No, I don’t think he would be very happy,” said Kylo. He’d had enough experience with angry fathers to know that they could be an absolute terror to deal with. The young man looked at him expectantly and Kylo grinned slightly, “But this has been quite the disruption. If you knew this coachman was wily, why did you entrust him with such a sensitive task?” “You…you told us a little over a year ago that it would be two years until blood tax had to be paid again. We were caught by surprise, everyone was,” the young man retorted. So he had something of a spine after all. Kylo could tell that the man was trying to pass blame over to him and change the subject. The vampire watched him from over the brim of his cup, “Circumstances that led to that were sudden and unfortunate. Would you have preferred that I not keep a human with me for a whole year with no access to blood with which to sustain myself and provide defense for your towns and villages.” “No…I wasn’t insinuating that,” replied the young man, “We were…caught off guard, that’s all.” “And as I said before, the boy has his ways,” said the bailiff. He lowered his voice slightly, “There’s something not quite right about that one. He saw an opportunity for mischief and he took it. The sooner he’s caught and locked away, the better.” “You seem more eager than the constable to make an arrest,” noted Kylo, “Has he caused some sort of mischief?” “No, nothing like that,” said the bailiff, “Only…general eccentricities. Things that indicate he was never truly stable.” Hux pushed open the door and stomped in, “One of your friends just shoved this letter in my…” The redhead looked out at the sight of no doubt familiar faces and stopped. He lowered his hand, still clutching the letter and lowered it. He looked down and seeming to realize he was dressed in women’s finery and turned red with shame. The three officials paused for a moment. The mayor’s crony was slack jawed at the sight of him, and the Bailiff seemed stunned. The constable was the first to gather his wits, rising to his feet and looking the boy over, “Armitage Hux, you’ll be coming with us.” Hux’s eyes widened as he tried to cover himself, “Constable Kolozov I can explain!” “Midge, don’t make this harder than it has to be,” advised the constable quietly, “You're in a lot of trouble, but if you come back now we might be able to make some sort of bargain.” “Oh, gracious, on what charges are you arresting the poor boy?” asked Kylo, replacing his cup. “I think we all know what he's done,” said the constable, producing a pair of shackles. “No,” said Kylo firmly, reaching out and taking the man’s arm. He forcibly lowered it, “What did he do wrong?” “Sabotaging the delivery of blood tax,” replied the constable, pulling at his arm and finding himself unable to shake the vampire’s grip. “He did no such thing,” said Kylo calmly, “Armitage, dearest, come sit with me.” Hux moved away from the constable and skirted around Kylo’s chair. The vampire inhaled through his nose and took in the human’s emotions. Hux was frightened and suspicious, but he still sat next to him and looked back at the other humans apprehensively. Kylo wasn’t as familiar with the other three and kept mixing them up. He was detecting a lot of surprise and confusion, but there was also arousal. One of them was either getting excited by a vampire being so forceful with them, or the sight of the pretty red haired human dressed like a princess for their pleasure. Armitage crossed his arms and one leg over his knee, taking a decidedly unfeminine stance as he switched to the defensive. Kylo put his arm around his human, “Armitage came to me three nights ago and begged to take the girl’s place. He didn’t fail to deliver anything. I was unaware that this would cause any trouble, so I accepted his offer.” “You…” stammered the mayor’s lackey, “You volunteered?” Armitage looked at Kylo and seemed to realize that his excuse had been made for him, with no mention made of his attempt at murder and treason, “Yes…” Kylo wrapped his arm around him more tightly, holding him close, “Poor little thing, shivering in the cold, tearfully begging his companion’s life. It would have taken a heart of stone to turn him away.” He whispered in the boy’s ear, “Be a little more convincing, would you?” Armitage quickly added, “I just didn’t want her to get hurt. I thought it would be alright if I went instead of Illya.” “Then why did you dress as a woman?” asked the constable, “Surely you didn’t need Miss Roskovna’s dress for that.” Hux looked over at Kylo, but receiving no direction he replied, “I was informed…that was how the person selected as blood tax was supposed to be dressed. So I asked her to change clothes with me. It would have been safer for her to be on the road dressed as a man too.” The constable didn’t seem to believe the excuse, but there was no reason to arrest Hux. He had completed the task that he had been charged with. Any trouble the switch caused the humans in the town was no business of the boy’s. Kylo stroked his hair gently, “I’ve become very fond of him, so I do hope you aren’t planning to take him from me. I’m afraid I wouldn’t like that at all.” “You’ve no complaint against this boy making off with your property?” asked the bailiff. Hux nearly bolted off of the seat by Kylo put a hand on his shoulder, smiling slightly as Hux snarled. The bailiff sighed, “I did warn you my lord, he has the most horrible temper.” Kylo resumed stroking the boy’s hair, trying to calm him down, unable to shake the feeling that the man had provoked Hux on purpose, “The boy came to deliver blood tax. He accomplished his task. Frankly I don’t see what all this fuss is about.” “He was meant to deliver Illya Roskovna to this address. Instead he sent a young woman, dressed in men’s clothing, armed with a blunderbuss of all things, to drive herself home in the middle of the night. A road that, I should remind him, is teeming with wolves and highwaymen. All the while, he dressed as a girl and jeopardized a centuries old institution that keeps the peace between us,” said the constable calmly. He glared at Hux, “That’s what the fuss is about. Did you consider that boy? What your mischief would mean for the rest of us if things didn’t turn out the way you wanted? You may have meant well enough but there are hard consequences for actions like that.” He groaned slightly and pinched the bridge of his nose, "I thought you knew how to think harder than that, Midge..." “I hope you aren’t insinuating that I’m so petty that I’d massacre an entire village over one boy’s well-intentioned folly,” said Kylo, glaring at him. He softened his gaze and resumed grinning, “Because I really don’t take kindly to such accusations, constable.” “Of course. We ought to keep our focus on the real problem here. This troublesome little whelp who doesn’t seem to understand his position,” snapped the bailiff, “You had no right or authority to change plans without informing anyone. Always been a sly little minx, haven’t you Hux? Lord Ren, this boy will lie, he will steal and you've seen his awful temperament. For your own sake it would be best to turn this one loose.” “I’ve never stolen anything and I don’t lie,” growled Hux. “And there he goes,” sighed the bailiff, “You lied when you said you would deliver Illya Roskovna and failed to do so. A bastard shouldn’t be so haughty.” “Sir, your language…” muttered the lackey. “He put our people in danger on a whim. I don’t have the patience to mince my words with the likes of him,” the bailiff muttered back, “He might be wearing a dress, but it’s not as if there’s a lady present.” “So…if you’re keeping the Hux boy, what should we do with Miss Roskovna?” asked the mayor’s lackey, now speaking at full volume and recovering most of his wits. He kept looking over Armitage disbelievingly, something the boy didn’t seem to appreciate. “Hm, I don’t know. Armitage, what should they do with your little friend?” asked Kylo. Armitage leaned forward and growled through gritted teeth, “Leave Illya alone…” Kylo took in their shocked and slightly confused looks before smiling and tucking his human back against his chest, “Well, there you have it. It seems your little problem sorted itself out.” “My lord, he’s a…he’s a boy,” protested the mayor’s assistant, “The law allows for the exception of a boy during periods of disaster, but we’re hardly pressed to bolster our numbers. And…surely you can’t with a…” “Why not? Isn’t he pretty enough?” asked Kylo. Armitage turned and gave him an offended look. Kylo leaned in close, making it seem as if he was kissing the boy as he leaned against his ear, “If you want to get back at them, play along.” He pulled back and grinned, sliding his hands down the boy’s side, “I’m waiting on your answer gentlemen, is this not the most ravishing creature you’ve ever seen?” The constable seemed to be resisting rolling his eyes as he looked away, disinterested in the proceedings now that there was an angry father to deal with when he returned to town and no work to be done. The mayor’s lackey seemed horrified by what he was witnessing while the bailiff looked away with discomfort. Kylo grinned and lifted Hux’s wine coloured skirt to his shins, “Just look at those dainty ankles. Aren’t they exquisite?” Armitage shifted his feet to give a better glimpse of his white feet and ankles, causing Kylo to grin further. Hearing no reply he continued, reaching up and placing his hands on the boy’s waist to show how small it was, “And I’ll grant you his hips might not be as broad as a woman’s, but he has such a lovely, slender waist. My hands are almost all the way around his middle and he isn’t even corseted! Would you believe that?” “Yes, yes, he’s very pretty,” muttered the constable irately, looking almost longingly towards the door. “Oh, but I haven’t told you about his neck,” said Kylo excitedly, trailing a hand up to the boy’s throat. Hux actually lifted his head and allowed him to do it, “Such a pretty throat. I would think it impossible for any hot blooded man to look at this lily white pallor and resist it?” The boy let out a pretty gasp as Kylo trailed his fingers up and down his neck gently. He wasn’t sure if Hux was doing it to make the others uncomfortable or if he had done it on reflex. Either way, it made Kylo practically purr as he nuzzled against the boy’s cheek and kissed him fondly, whispering discreetly, “A little louder dearest.” Kylo settled his hand over the boy’s thigh and squeezed, raking his fingers up and down slowly, drawing out each movement in a way that ought to make it easy for the little human to moan. Which he did, quite audibly. Kylo continued to purr, “And what a voice…he’s such a darling little thing, and still so provocative…” He took in the scent of the room. He was familiar enough with Armitage to know that the vindictiveness and some arousal was coming off of him. The constable was the one who seemed restless and irritated. The bulk of the shock must have been coming off of the mayor’s errand boy, who continued to watch in abject horror at the sight of a male vampire running his hands all over another man in women’s dress. Which left the bailiff. It was easy to see why the man had been so vocal about Hux being ‘wicked’ and a ‘minx’. He likely refused to come to terms with his proclivities and blamed Armitage for the fact that he found the boy attractive. That wouldn’t do at all. Kylo grinned and lowered the hand at the boy’s throat to his chest, slipping a hand down his bodice. Armitage gasped and let out a series of breathy moans that clearly weren’t fake. The boy was actively trying and failing to check himself as Kylo expertly brushed his fingers over Hux’s chest. He leaned back against Kylo, his brow furrowing and appearing nervous. This must have been more than he was bargaining for. Kylo kissed his cheek and whispered, “If it’s too much, touch my hand.” The boy’s hand flew to the hands on his chest and thigh. Kylo stilled his hands, but didn’t remove them. He touched Hux more softly, less insistently, keeping the motions gentle and relaxing. The boy let out a soft hum and his body lost most of its tension. He slipped one of the sleeves further down Hux’s arm and shoulder, showing it off as he spoke, “Such pleasing skin, very soft and smooth. Perfectly enticing…do you want me to keep you, Armitage?” “Y-yes,” gasped the boy. “And I very much want to keep you,” purred Kylo, giving his human a peck on the cheek, “But perhaps the nice men aren’t convinced you can satisfy me. Shall I show them more of your charms? Your shapely legs? Those sweet, subtle breasts?” Armitage suddenly grinned wickedly, the first time he’d smiled since entering the halls. He glanced up, “Why not? Nothing our bailiff hasn’t seen before.” Kylo suddenly stopped. His hands became completely still. The mayor’s assistant’s slack jawed stare shifted towards the man sitting next to him. The constable, who had been trying to ignore everything furrowed his brow and looked at the man beside him as well. The bailiff paled, then reddened. He tried to speak but now words came out. Kylo tilted Hux’s face to look at him and growled out a single, low exclamation. “ What ?” Hux’s smile faded and he put on an impassive, bored expression. He looked the bailiff over, “That’s why you’re so desperate to have me arrested, isn’t it? Won’t be able to sleep at night unless you can watch and make sure my mouth stays shut? You did say you liked watching me.” The bailiff looked over at the mayor’s assistant, “That boy is a liar. Everyone knows it. He’s up to his tricks again.” “You really didn’t have to start that rumour, I was more than happy to keep quiet about the whole thing. Though, I recall that my reputation worsened after I said I wasn’t interested in you anymore,” said Hux calmly. “Armitage, dearest ,” growled Kylo, “What are you talking about?” Hux gave a light, indifferent shrug, “He used to get drunk and-” “And nothing!” snapped the bailiff, rising to his feet, “Was this your game you minx!? Work your way into the bedroom of someone with status so you could ruin me!?” “Oh, this was far from my plan. You think I’d cut my life down to two years just to get back at you? You’re not worth that. It’s more of a happy little coincidence,” said Armitage. He cocked his head lightly and looked at the hand the bailiff had raised, “What’s wrong? Why don’t you hit me again? That always shut me up, didn’t it?” Kylo watched the two men, unused to being an observer and not the orchestrator of such scenarios. Armitage had played the bailiff like a fiddle. The boy didn’t seem to care whether or not the man was punished, he simply wanted the last word in what seemed to have been a long conflict between them. Kylo wanted to hear their history as soon as possible. He looked over the bailiff in disgust. He was significantly older than Hux, always sweating and had a thick build that made him seem almost toad-like. Kylo had a hard time believing Hux would ever want this man in bed with him. The thought of it was disgusting. The bailiff seemed to realize in that moment that his hand had been raised and retracted it, “I’ve been nothing but good to you.” Hux seemed to falter slightly, pressing himself in closer to Kylo. The vampire could feel his heart start to beat nervously as he countered, “Nowhere near as good as him. Didn’t think I’d have to give myself to a vampire to find a little humanity.” Kylo leaned over and kissed the boy’s ear, whispering, “Well played, and very flattering, but you’re still in trouble.” “We could keep it up,” Hux whispered back, tapping the hand Kylo kept on his thigh. The boy seemed to have more of a head on his shoulders than Kylo had given him credit for. He had read the situation and used it to get back at a man who had obviously wronged him somehow. He also seemed to understand exactly what Kylo’s game was, that being attached to him gave him immunity against these men who once had power over him. He also seemed to understand that the most he could get away with without causing some political dilemma was a bit of mischief. For a human who had missed out on most of his schooling he was very clever. But Kylo knew he had to show that he was in charge before his clever human started to think he was the one in control. Armitage needed to be put in his place, but in a way that made it look like there was no feud between them. “It’s nothing you ought to be ashamed of, he’s hard to resist…” said Kylo, resuming his gentle ministrations, “Though it upsets me to hear that you struck my sweet little Armitage.” The bailiff sat down, “Lord Ren, you really mustn’t believe a single word from his mouth, he’s a habitual liar. You should have heard the awful things he tried to say about the family who gave him shelter. He was a terrible influence on several respectable young ladies and regularly abused their charity.” “The idea that anyone would strike such a lovely creature…” said Kylo, shaking his head in disapproval, “Surely you treated him with utmost gentleness.” “Of course!” replied the bailiff, exasperated, “I was good to him!” “Gentle like this?” asked Kylo, rolling Hux’s other sleeve down and exposing his chest. He traced his fingers over the expanse of white flesh and traced the little pink buds of his nipples until they hardened. Hux moaned lightly at the contact and whimpered slightly when his skirt was lifted, touching Kylo’s hand when it reached his knee. The mayor’s assistant was still watching, rapt and horrified, while the constable’s attentions had turned to the bailiff, who had turned white at the sights and the accusations. Kylo continued, “Hm? Did he touch you like this dearest?” “N-no…” Hux managed to mewl, “Not my chest…” “Leaving such exquisite breasts untouched…seems like a terrible waste,” chided Kylo, flicking his fingertips over the boy’s tightly peaked nipples. The reaction was immediate. Hux’s hands flew over top of his as he let out an anxious keen. Kylo considered letting go, but the sight of someone else who had touched the boy kept stoking his jealousy. He wanted, above all else, to show everyone present that this human was his. Besides, this would be good for Hux as well, showing him that he might have some control, but Kylo was the one who would always have the final say. He resisted the urge to bite, it was too messy, and with Hux as excited as he was he might bleed too much and pass out. Instead he settled for toying with the sensitive tips between his cold fingers and making the boy mewl like a kitten for a captive audience, “See how sweet and pink they are? How readily they respond to touch? They’re practically begging to be devoured, but needy little buds like these require careful tending before they can be tasted. Because you’re mine to taste as I please, aren’t you Armitage?” “Y-yes I’m yours…” stammered the boy, who had to comply to get what he wanted. “Did he touch you here perhaps?” asked Kylo, resuming the sensual massaging motions on the boy’s thighs. He mewled and squirmed in his grip, tapping his hands insistently in an attempt to make the touches more bearable, but Kylo did not feel like letting up, not this time. If they had been alone he would have stopped, but in this situation he decided to continue. He trailed his hand up, almost touching the boy’s most intimate areas before trailing downwards again. Kylo grinned, this human was so sensitive and cried out so prettily for him. Hux whimpered and tossed his head, leaning close to Kylo, speaking as clearly as he could, “N-no…not like that…” “But they’re so firm and supple, beautifully silky too,” marveled Kylo. He trailed his hand upwards, drawing out another frightened mewl before sliding down and kneading the flesh, “I’ve seen them, and they look delicious and creamy. With the rest of him being so skinny it’s nice to have something to grip and really bite into. I’ve yet to sample them, but they look so soft and succulent. They’ll make such a delicious feast. Like I said, the flesh from a delectable boy like this just melts on your tongue. Perhaps I’ll have them tonight for my supper.” Armitage looked up at him, clearly unnerved by the description. Kylo wasn’t sure how to convey that it was mostly bluff and he wasn’t actually going to eat the silly human. Despite vampiric sucking of blood being common knowledge, some humans still had this bizarre idea that Kylo would devour their flesh like a bear or wolf. Humans tasted good, certainly, but vampires were more inclined to suck and lick their flesh or nibble it to draw blood rather than take large, messy chunks out of their prey. He whispered quietly, his voice masked perfectly by mewls and whines, “It’s all part of the game, dear…” “Has anyone ever touched you as well as I have?” demanded Kylo, his voice returning to a normal volume as he hitched up the skirt so he could touch the boy with no troublesome fabrics in the way. “No…” Hux gasped, trying to smooth the skirt around the arm reaching up it to hide his legs. “Do you belong to him or do you belong to me?” continued Kylo, slipping a hand between the boy’s legs to rub his satiny inner thighs. He was very well muscled there, no doubt from riding horses. Kylo stopped tormenting Hux’s nipple long enough to lean forward and dip his fingers into his teacup and coat them thoroughly with blood. Armitage gasped at the sight and Kylo whispered quietly, “It’s from a rabbit. Hold still and answer the question.” “Y-You!” Hux moaned out fretfully, “I belong to you…” Kylo purred and smeared the blood over his cheek, letting it dribble in thick, viscous droplets down his neck and pool around his collarbone. He resumed teasing the boy with his bloody fingers, coating his nipple in rabbit’s blood and lapped at the base of his throat, “Mm…that’s right dearest, you’re mine, and what a sweet boy you are…Oh, your pretty little bud looks ready to be tasted now. See how hard it is? Let’s see if it’s as delectable as it looks…” He leaned down and captured the bloodied, rosy peak in his lips, and licking it clean with quick, light strokes of his tongue. His skin had a very sweet taste, not quite overbearingly so but he supposed tasting the boy for too long would be like a human only being able to stomach so much dessert before they couldn’t handle the sweetness anymore. Armitage was trying to cover his mouth and stifle his long, needy keens as the vampire continued to taste his nipple, torturing it with circular licks. He teased the other one with his fingers, lightly circling and flicking it until it pebbled under his fingers. The poor, silly human actually began to wriggle in his grasp as he abandoned the boy’s thigh to reach around him and grip his pert little rump, cupping and squeezing one of the globes of tender flesh. Being young and inexperienced Hux clearly had little to no command over his voice or reactions, squirming and whining as he was groped and licked. If Kylo’s heart had been capable of pounding he was certain it would be thumping against his chest at the sight and sound. If not for the boy’s fevered attempts to signal to slow things Kylo would have done so much more with him. He tried to ignore thoughts of stripping the boy and having him right then and there, publicly claiming him to show that the beautiful human was his to do what he pleased with. Kylo kissed the tender tip before sighing, “Such a delicious boy, and so eager to be tasted…No, I don’t believe you’ve ever pleasured this boy. He wouldn’t be half as starved for touch or responsive if he’d been properly tended to.” There was no denying the human was his, mewling, flushed, half dressed, and streaked with animal blood. Kylo pulled back and looked over his handiwork and grinned as Hux began smoothing out his skirts with trembling hands and putting himself back into sorts. He wanted more, but this sufficed for the time being. Kylo kept an arm around his human and passed him a tea-towel to clean himself with, “You heard him before. I don’t care for human gossip, and don’t know what exactly transpired between the two of you, but the facts are these. This human offered himself and I like him very much, so I will keep him. Now, if that’s all, you’re free to leave. I’d like to be left to enjoy my dear Armitage’s…company, without further interruptions” Kylo stood and the constable got up almost immediately. The man still wanted to leave this place, and didn’t seem interested in watching Kylo handling Hux that way, but his eye occasionally wandered to the bailiff. Humans had curious laws about sex, some reasonable and some less so. Kylo would not have minded their genders, but this man had to be a good thirty years older than Armitage. It was awfully suspicious that a grown man would pursue someone so many years his junior. His arousal had been obvious to Kylo as well. Even if Hux had a penchant for lying, the idea that the bailiff had watched him and at least approached him was not such a far stretch for the imagination to make, and the way his hand had been raised had spoken for itself. The mayor’s lackey stood shakily, his eyes still fixed with astonishment on Hux. He’d probably never seen such an act of depravity before. Kylo didn’t need to smell him to sense that the encounter had awoken a curiosity in him, perhaps a long denied proclivity. The bailiff on the other hand did not seem to know when he was defeated, glaring across the table at the boy. Kylo took Hux’s arm and drew him up, “Go see the nice men off my dear, and be careful not to cross the threshold. The wraiths might think you’re trying to run away from me. Be a darling and don’t go confusing them.” Armitage licked his dry lips before standing. He seemed ashamed by what had happened, but there was a spark of triumph in his eyes. It seemed the way to the boy’s heart was through books and orchestrating revenge. As embarrassed as Hux may have been, since humans had such silly ideas about sex, it must have been worse for the bailiff to be exposed to his fellows. And such important ones too. He moved quietly on his bare feet to the door and held it open. He nodded towards it, “Front door’s this way, I think. Can I ask who you came in with?” “Ivan is outside,” said the constable, approaching the door. “And which horse?” asked Hux. The constable rolled his eyes at the boy, something Kylo had noticed he refrained from doing when they were talking. There may have been a history between Hux and this man too, but it seemed more paternal. The older male saw Hux as a member of his pack, someone he had to look out for. At the very least the constable’s gruffness came from a somewhat exasperated desire to take care of the younger man. He crossed his arms, “I don’t know. It’s a brown one. White spot on its head.” “Anastasia!” said Hux, his face lighting up when he recognized the description of the horse, “And Steiner made it back to the stables? Illya made sure to look after him?” “The bloody horse is the only one who’s gotten any peace after that damn stunt you pulled, boy!” scolded the constable. He shook his head and exited the room, “You like to gossip with all the girls, I’m suppose you’ll be happy to finally be able to compare gowns with them as well…” “You’ve…you’ve got some on your…” said the mayor’s lackey, gesturing to his own cheek as he followed the constable. “Oh,” said Hux, becoming slightly sheepish as he wiped his cheek, “Did I get it?” “Um, yes, it’s gone now…” the young man lied quietly before brushing past Hux. Kylo watched them leave. If Hux tried to run the wraiths would stop him. There was nothing to worry about there. What bothered him though was the toad-like bailiff still seated in his study. Kylo sighed through his nose, “I excused you. You’re permitted to leave.” The man rose, “You can’t tell me you believe that boy.” “Because he’s trouble,” echoed Kylo. “Precisely,” said the bailiff, almost pleadingly, “I followed him into a stable. He’d driven me back from an appointment when he flew at me like a wild animal. I fought him off and he tried to spread this outrageous story that I propositioned him, to sensitive young ladies no less! And it’s not the first time he’s lied about being attacked. His adoptive family, school mates…it’s no wonder he gets on well with horses, the boy is an animal.” Kylo recalled the way Hux’s mind had completely shattered in the bath. That had not been an act, the boy had been terrified and his fear had made him desperate to obey and please. That reaction had been trained into him by someone. Kylo very much doubted that the boy had ever lied about being beaten. He told his friends, but women were quite powerless in the affairs of high ranking men as far as human society was concerned. His hypothesis about Hux being a welcome, if lowly, member of the community had been wrong. It seemed his status as a bastard by an outsider left him incredibly vulnerable within their pack. The pretty red hair that Kylo admired so much was practically a target on his back. “Why exactly are you telling me this? I’m taking this problematic child off your hands and putting him to good use,” said Kylo. “You think he won’t try to come after you? He belongs in an asylum,” said the bailiff, now more calm, “We’ll retrieve the Roskovna girl, send her here, but that boy needs to be committed before he does something stupid. You’ve been very good to us, very fair. If something were to happen and someone else took this territory, we’ve no guarantee they will be as fair. Surely you can understand our concern.” Kylo let out a light huff of laughter. The boy had already made his attempt and seemed to have lost most of his interest in violent pursuits. Even if he hadn’t, Kylo was perfectly capable of keeping weapons out of his hands. He shook his head, “I’m sorry, should I call him back in here, get him crying and pleading for me again? In case you weren’t paying attention, he wants to stay and he adores the girl you’re so determined to send me. He’s as harmless as a kitten, and I’m very fond of him…” He leaned in close, “So you must imagine I’m not terribly happy when I hear him say he’s been beaten by someone who ought to have been protecting him.” “He lies. He’s not right in the head,” protested the bailiff, rising to his feet. “Wouldn’t that be convenient? A boy, a child, saying something that upsets the order of things, and then he proves to be mad,” said Kylo, “But he isn’t your problem anymore, I’ve taken full charge of him, and as you’ve seen he’s very obedient. He’ll stay with me for the rest of his life where he can do no harm. Why are you so determined to have him sent to an institution?” He already knew, the man had said it himself. If Hux could make a convincing case for himself and with a few words from Kylo and the man would lose more than his position. Kylo would have liked to end him there and then, but it would only cause tension between himself and the town if he killed one of their officials. He supposed though, that if the man went out for an evening stroll and he happened to be flying by, a body was easy enough to chop up and dispose of. What the town didn’t know wouldn’t hurt them, and only enforce their need for his protection with men going missing in the middle of the night. “It seems you’re even more determined to keep him in a place where he can’t receive proper care,” said the bailiff. Kylo grinned back at him. The man had to go out at night sometime, and he knew the perfect river in which to deposit all the pieces. He shrugged, “Well, I’ve always had a weakness for redheads.” *** Kylo watched Armitage say his goodbyes. He seemed to be dragging his feet over it, asking silly, inconsequential questions to draw out his conversation with the constable. The man seemed impatient, wanting to leave, but he answered every single question as well as he could. He was giving Hux a curious, pitying look as he spoke, much more softly than before. Armitage kept close to him, drawing close, his chatter becoming more insistent with each step he took towards the door. Finally the constable stopped, “I can’t stay, Midge.” Hux looked up at him. His mouth trembled for a moment before he nodded, “I know…” The constable put an arm around him and Kylo felt a slight pang of jealousy, especially when Hux drew closer and let the man touch his back. Kylo knew it was a paternal gesture, perfectly innocent, but Hux had only done the same with him when he was terrified or fixated on revenge. The way Armitage trusted the man and accepted his affection was precisely what he had wanted from the boy. The constable spoke, “I don’t think you really liked him splashing blood all over you and all that manhandling. If you want to leave, there's no shame in it. This is your last-” “No, I…I know what I’m doing,” said Hux, pulling back and tucking his hair behind his ear, “You’ll say hello to Illya?” “Once I break down her father’s barricade,” sighed the constable. He put a hand on Hux’s head, mussing his hair again, “And I’ll say hello to your horses.” Armitage’s lips started trembling again at the mention of horses and he nodded quietly. The constable stepped away and opened the door, “Goodbye Midge.” The light was blinding. Kylo had long since stepped into the shadows to avoid being exposed to it, but the sight of it was awful and sent a burning sensation through his eyes. He kept his eyes on Hux, who also blinked at the sunlight, having been exposed to nothing but candlelight for the last three days. When the pain seemed to stopped he stared at it in awe, looking past the threshold of the door at the colours of the grass and the sky. He started waving, “Ivan! Here!” There was a muffled reply from outside and Hux called, “I can’t! Constable Kolozov can explain!” The mayor’s lackey brushed past Hux, “You…look very nice…” The boy cocked his brow at the compliment but let the man pass. The bailiff also brushed past. Kylo couldn’t resist a laugh when Hux stuck his dainty white foot out and tripped him. There would be three steps to greet the man as he fell. Hux grinned slightly and called, “Must have been a wraith.” His smile soon faded though as he stared out into the daylight. Kylo approached, careful to stay away from the door and avoid the direct and lethal light of the sun. Armitage with his pale skin was practically glowing. The boy continued to look out longingly at the horizon. Kylo heard a door close and the clopping of a horse’s hooves. Hux’s mouth kept trembling as he watched, his eyes watching pleadingly. He took a small step forward, then no more, standing just in front of the doorway and watching the outside world. He pursed his lips together and Kylo knew he was holding back tears. If the boy had wanted to leave this would have been his last chance to do so. His last chance to see whatever friends he had, his home, his stables and his horses. He seemed to know it too. He wiped at his eyes and by way of excuse said, “I…I forgot how bright it was.” “Close the door, dear,” said Kylo gently. “Just…just a few more minutes,” pleaded Hux, never taking his eyes away from the outside world. “We need to talk about what just happened,” said Kylo. He wanted to reach out a hand but knew it would burn, “You’ll only upset yourself if you keep looking. Come back inside.” “You said…you said I could have sunlight if I behaved. I won’t run, I only want to look,” said Hux. He looked over at Kylo, “Just one more minute and I’ll explain everything.” "You think you behaved?" said Kylo sternly. The boy looked over at him pleadingly, clutching the door and let out a quiet, "Please?" Kylo sighed and nodded, “One more minute…” Chapter 9 Notes: Nine chapters into a vampire AU and Kylo finally explains blood-drinking! Clearly I am an expert at this genre :P So this AMAZING cosplayer called megnotegg on tumblr cosplayed Vampire!Kylo! It's really really cool so if you haven't seen it you can have a look here: http://megnotegg.tumblr.com/post/151296674182/currently-i-am-in-love-with-anorlost-s-life “So…care to explain what happened between you and that man?” Hux sat across from him in his study where the town officials had been seated. He kept pressing his fingers into has palms and breathing deeply to keep himself calm. A few minutes earlier he had shut the front door and tried to hide the fact that he had shed a few tears. Saying goodbye to the constable must have brought back all the pain of separation from his pack that the poor thing had been feeling. Hux stared at the tea tray, refusing to look up. “It started when I was little. I would run away from home. Nobody believed me when I said it was because my step-father hit me,” said Armitage, shaking his head, “All he ever had to do was remind them that he took me in, that I was a bastard and…bad blood, they called it. That I just looked like I was trouble…my hair…” Hux closed his eyes and continued, “When I got older, eighteen I think I…knew I was different from the other boys. Not just because of the way I looked or my parents I didn’t…I didn’t like girls that way. They were my friends, but I never wanted to kiss them or anything like that. I spent years hiding it. I thought I was alone and there was nobody else like me…and then Nemov started walking by every day.” “Nemov?” asked Kylo. “The bailiff, Mister Nemov,” explained Hux. He shook his head slightly, “I suppose you’re just really bad with names.” “I’ve heard the names of hundreds of thousands of humans, I can’t remember them all. It’s impossible,” replied Kylo. He sighed and rubbed his temples with his thumb and forefinger, “So he approached you?” Hux nodded slightly before looking down again, “I know he didn’t love me, I didn’t love him either, but I felt…I felt wanted…It made me feel special, in a good way for once.” “So you slept with him?” pressed Kylo. Hux let out a huff and shrugged, “There was never any sleeping, and it was quick…I was always alone so having someone…it felt good enough I guess, I didn’t see any reason to stop him or tell him no at the time…I thought everything was alright,” Hux hung his head and rubbed at his eye with his palm, “Then he came back with a fistful of rubles. I told him I wasn’t a whore and he said it was a present to make up for a drunken lapse in judgement. He started asking if I had told anyone immediately after that, so I knew it was hush-money and I assumed that meant he wasn’t interested in me anymore. He gave me a lot, enough to buy a gun with silver bullets.” “That is quite a lot,” said Kylo quietly. Silver bullets were illegal. The boy must have gone to a lot of trouble to procure them, and the amount he spent couldn’t have been miniscule. “Then he came back and it was…it was alright, I suppose. And he slipped me another handful of rubles while I was in that sort of fuzzy frame of mind after you…you know…you finish…” said Hux quietly. He looked up and looked Kylo in the eyes and shook his head, “I’m not a whore, but it was clear he was treating me like one. So when he came a third time, I told him no. I didn’t expect him to…come at me like he did. Nobody believed he threw the first punch, why would they?” “And you didn’t need his money anymore,” noted Kylo. Hux glared at him, “I spent what he gave me the first time, I’ll own that, but gave back everything from the second time! I thought…not that he cared but at the very least he…” Kylo glowered. The boy had been alone, vulnerable, and that man had taken full advantage. Then when the boy wanted to cut ties, he isolated him even further as punishment for spurning his advances. It was absolutely cruel. Kylo had lived through centuries of conflict but it seemed that humans, despite being creatures who needed a pack, were always finding new ways to be terrible to their own. He couldn’t see any tells or smell anything that might indicate the boy was lying, and Kylo had seen him break when he had been accidentally prompted to do so. Armitage was telling the truth about being hurt and used. “Couldn’t your constable friend help you?” asked Kylo. “’You need proof, Midge.’ That’s what he always told me. I gave back the second payment, I couldn’t show the gun I bought without getting arrested myself, I didn’t have any love letters or clothing of his or anything like that,” said Hux, getting worked up and angry, “I thought we were the same, just wanting a little relief and that bastard…” Hux took a few breaths and sighed, “I suppose I ought to be grateful he waited for me to turn eighteen first.” “No, you have no reason to be grateful!” snapped Kylo. “It was sarcasm,” said Hux glumly. “Sarcasm or no, don’t even suggest that!” exclaimed Kylo, rising to his feet, “No wonder you’re so unruly! With the way you’ve been treated anyone would become desperate!” “You’re aware that you’re part of the problem,” said Hux dryly. Kylo placed a hand over his eyes, “Humans draw the lots and I couldn’t have known the women I took were your friends.” Hux looked away, “Everyone at the top is ready to grovel, but do you know what all of us, the ones at the bottom who don’t get to have our voices heard really think!? We’re tired of being fed upon! Not just by you but everyone! There’s no escape, there’s no help, all we can do is wait for someone to come and take more and more until there’s nothing left! And then when we try to fight…this is where it gets us…” Hux sat back and wiped at his eyes again, “I never had much, but I thought perhaps…just this one time I could stop them. I thought I could stop you too. Now I don’t have anything left for you to take from me. I don’t even own myself anymore…” Kylo paused and waited for him to calm himself. He let the little human have a few moments before sitting beside him and thumbing dried, crusted blood off of his cheek. This one was so broken, so hurt, he was really nothing like any of the humans he had in the past. Everyone in this boy’s pack who was supposed to love and protect him had failed spectacularly. It was no small wonder he resented being held and doted on, he was probably used to being treated affectionately or brutishly depending on who was watching or listening. The poor creature was probably terribly confused, and the unfortunate reality of being blood tax, something to be fucked and murdered as Armitage had put it, likely only exacerbated his views that anyone who loved him was going to hurt him in the end. It gave the boy a dangerously revolutionary way of thinking, but the way he came by it was understandable. The boy shook as he fought back his feelings. His voice was cracking as he stammered, forcing himself to laugh, “But I got him…not as good as I wanted, but I got him back…” “You certainly did. You made him furious,” assured Kylo, petting his human’s hair. He kissed the crown of Armitage’s head, “Are you alright dearest?” The boy finally broke down, sobbing and shaking his head, “I wish I could just go home!” He pressed himself against Kylo as he cried over all the pain and injustices he had been through. He cried, rambling pitifully about how much he missed horses and sunlight. Kylo hushed him gently, trying to comfort him. It was something he knew to expect, it always happened in the first few weeks of taking in a human. The castle was such a different environment and they missed being outside terribly. At least he felt at ease enough to seek comfort from Kylo, who had a suspicion that he didn’t mean ‘home’ so much as he did going back to a simpler time. The boy had never had much of a chance to be innocent, to have much of a childhood at all, but Kylo supposed he had at least taken comfort from being his own person making his own choices. And then even that had been taken from him. Kylo held him and waited for the tears to stop. In time the boy pushed at his shoulders, signalling that he wanted Kylo to let go. He did, letting the boy wipe his own eyes and nose with the back of his hand. Kylo sighed and handed him a handkerchief, “You’re still determined to stay?” “Yes…I know I have to,” said Hux quietly, dotting his eyes. He looked down at the piece of cloth and paled. His hands started trembling, “Bell…she did this…” He didn’t seem like he was going to cry again. He was looking at the embroidery the same way most humans did when they stumbled across a corpse. He looked up at Kylo and the vampire finally grasped the part he had played in the boy’s misery. It didn’t matter what the laws dictated or what his intentions were, he had killed the boy’s dear friends, and he had so few of them. Armitage was past his anger and looked up at him, pleading confused. Why did Kylo have to take his friends? Why did Bell have to die? What had he done to cause this, to deserve this? Kylo put an arm around Hux and squeezed his shoulders, “She did. It was her favorite flower, as you seem to know. I tried to give her as much fabric as I could, but she always preferred leaving them in odd places to see if I would find them.” He placed his free hand over Hux’s and thumbed at the fabric with him, “I have no idea how she managed it, but she sewed one into the collar of one of my nightshirts while I slept. I woke up and she was grinning at me from across the room…I didn’t discover what she had done until that afternoon.” Kylo smiled slightly at the memory, but it was tinged with sadness at the recollection of how sick she had been when she died. He rubbed the boy’s arm, “She didn’t know any of the other girls like you did.” “They went to different boarding schools or had relatives in other towns…I would see them every time they passed through…holidays and…after sometimes they’d just say hello…just to see me…” Hux explained quietly. That explained how a little boy who was always playing in stables had gotten to know well-bred girls from good families, many of whom were older than him. They had probably been enamoured with the precocious child who would tell them all about the horses. Kylo stroked his hair and cheek with the back of his fingers, “So you remember them all?” “They would talk to me, Sasha gave me sweets…” said Hux, tears welling freshly in his eyes, “Then one day, I found out that she was going on a trip in the middle of the night. I wanted to surprise her, so I stowed away on the roof…” He blinked tears out of his eyes, “We were far from town and she started crying, so I gave myself away. We were too far to turn back. I wanted to ride with Sasha and make her feel better…Mister Fyodor gave me a gun instead and told me to watch for wolves…I thought I was helping…I thought I was keeping her safe…” He gripped the handkerchief, “Then we stopped here…And I said I’d see her soon when I came to…to take her home again…” Kylo let Armitage talk and mourn however he liked, trying to comfort him however he could, kissing his forehead and holding him tightly. Humans had such close bonds with their pack, but for Hux, who had so few friends, they all must have been precious. He spoke softly, “Would you like to keep that?” Hux paused and nodded quietly. “You know how special it is, I know I can trust you to be careful with it,” said Kylo, pressing Hux’s fingers around it, “It’s yours, you can keep it.” The boy held it tightly, “A long time ago she made me a set…” “I don’t doubt it, she loved her needlework,” replied Kylo with a slight laugh. He gave the boy a squeeze and let go, “Are you alright? Do you want me to leave you alone for a while?” Armitage nodded quietly. “Where should I bring you, dearest? Would you like the bedroom, the library?” suggested Kylo. “Library,” said Hux quietly, “I should get back to work…” “Work?” asked Kylo. “Research, so I can change things…so I can find a way to make sure I’m the last one this happens to,” explained Hux, a touch of his usual spirit returning to his reddened eyes. Kylo pursed his lips. It was impossible. If there was a way he would have found it. He’d been alive for almost a thousand years and nobody had found a way that didn’t end in an all-out war. If he couldn’t have done it, this young boy stood no chance. But if Kylo took this from him now, this thing that had become his only hope, it would break him. It would be best for Armitage to slowly, painlessly, realize the impossibility of the situation for himself rather than have it ripped from him. “Of course,” Kylo finally said, “I’ll have some lunch sent to you later, I’m afraid that meeting left me with a lot of work to finish before the day’s out. I always tell myself I won’t procrastinate next time, and then I do and I’ve got to work all day to meet my deadlines…” Hux didn’t seem to register the last part, not that Kylo minded. He stood and raised the human up by his elbows and smiled as pleasantly as he could, “Let’s return you to those books, shall we?” *** He had deliberately been avoiding talking to Armitage about blood. Usually humans took a little while to get themselves settled into their new environments before they were calm enough for the act to be safe. Kylo had seen how some others kept their humans, treating them more like livestock, closing them off and refusing to speak with them. He supposed it made the act of killing them easier, but the poor creatures needed socialization, a proper diet, exercise, mental stimulation and a little sunlight. Besides, when humans were happier, healthier, the blood they gave was more potent. It was in both his own and the human’s best interest to make sure that blood was taken in as safe and comfortable a way as they both could manage. There were multiple fine-points to feeding that the boy needed to become well versed in for his own sake. He needed to know how to stop his own bleeding in case Kylo had to leave in a hurry, how to clean a wound to avoid infections, how to position himself to make sure he wouldn’t injure himself if he lost consciousness, and a host of other things. Was it a good time though? The boy was very, very upset. He might not be receptive to the idea at the moment, and the information would hardly register if he became weepy again. But he was an odd human. Perhaps he wanted to know, would consider it as part of the transparency he wanted so badly. Either way, Kylo knew he had to broach the subject. If Hux refused, he would try another time, if not, then it would make things easier for them both. On top of that, Kylo was more determined than ever to properly court his little human. To have his first experience with pleasure to not only be with such an awful man, but to have it be a quick, dirty thing, likely somewhere charmless and discreet, was a terrible thought. Kylo wanted to show his human real pleasure, to hopefully make him feel like he was something special again. He was a man though, barely out of his boyhood, and would likely resent anything overtly feminine. That would be tricky to work around. Kylo had been with women for so long he was drawing blanks on how to woo another man. In the meantime, he was slipping through the library door and observing a strange scene unfolding before him. Armitage was seated in a chair squinting at a book with several candles and books about. It was so bright it took Kylo a moment to let his eyes adjust to it. He stared at the book in concentration, sounding out all of the words. Hux announced a particularly difficult one, “Mag…mag-na…carta? What’s that?” A wraith brought a book down from a shelf and held it up for the boy to look. Hux shrank away from it, but followed it’s finger thin white finger as he read, “In 1215, King John sig-need the Mag-na Car…carta au…auth…” “Authored?” suggested Kylo, walking in with a slight smile, “It’s good to see you all getting along.” Hux remained silent and looked down at the book he had been reading. The wraith placed the open book on the arm of the chair before disappearing. Kylo stepped around several volumes that were scattered on the floor, all of them reference books, mostly on geography. There had to be a better way for the boy to do his research. He also needed to improve his reading if he ever wanted to get anything out of all the books he was looking at. Kylo moved over to Hux, “It’s also pronounced sai-n-d, not sig-need.” “Signed…so that’s how you spell it,” mumbled Hux. Kylo smiled slightly as the little human studied the book. He finally put a hand on his shoulder, “Armitage, there’s something we need to talk about.” Hux looked up, slightly worried, “It’s not about…before is it? I didn’t mean to start blubbering, and if you want the handkerchief back-” “No, no, it’s not that at all,” Kylo said quickly, cutting him off, “It’s about your blood…” “Oh…” said Hux, closing the book he had been reading and setting it aside, “I knew this would happen at some point…” Kylo looked at the other chair and found it covered in books. He sighed slightly as he got on his knees and leaned over the arm of the couch to talk to his human in a way that might make him feel more comfortable. He patted his arm, “A vampire’s bite doesn’t have to be fatal, often times it isn’t. If and when I require human blood, I want to draw it in a way that’s safe for you.” “You’re cutting open a big vein,” protested Hux incredulously. “Yes, I am, and there are ways to make sure I don’t cause you unnecessary harm in the process. You know, a few hundred years ago humans were always cutting their arms open and letting blood. Something about their humours, it was a terrible waist,” muttered Kylo, “But the point is, there’s safe ways to go about it, and it would be best for both of us if you understood how this is going to work.” Hux looked Kylo over a bit fretfully, “So I…hold my hair back and you bite my neck?” “No, I don’t need to bite your neck at all, though it does look delectable,” said Kylo, trying to smile and be amiable, “All I need is a large vein, and your body has plenty of those. I could use either of your wrists, though since you seem right handed I should probably use your left. I could also use your legs. In fact, there’s a junction on your upper thigh, right by your groin where plenty of them intersect.” “Left wrist is fine,” said Hux quickly. He looked at the limb in question, “Are you going to do it now?” “We could,” admitted Kylo, “But, since I don’t need to right now, and the situation isn’t pressing, there are a few factors that we ought to consider. Have you eaten today? Enough that you aren’t light headed?” “Yes,” replied Hux. “Do you take any medicines or have you had any liquor?” asked Kylo. “No,” said Hux, shaking his head slightly. “I should hope you aren’t pregnant,” said Kylo with a grin. “Of course not,” said Hux, his nose wrinkling at the absurdity of the statement. “Then I’d say you’re able to do it now, if you wanted” said Kylo, “But for now, let’s just pretend I’m about to take your blood. What would you do?” Hux furrowed his brow and held up his left wrist in front of Kylo’s face. Kylo resisted laughing at the gesture. Nearly all his humans did the same thing every time he asked that question. Instead Kylo shook his head, “What you do first is make sure you’re well braced. Sometimes the sight of blood or just knowing it’s being drained makes humans faint, so you need to make sure you won’t fall over. You need to sit down, preferably reclining, or lie down. Then, since we’re using your wrist, you should hold it level, just on the armrest should be fine. Do you know why that is?” Hux shook his head. He seemed strangely interested in how his circulation system worked, but Kylo was not about to complain about something that worked in his advantage, “Do you know about gravity?” The boy shook his head again. Kylo continued, “It’s a force that pulls things towards the ground. It’s why a ball comes back down when you throw it. Gravity pulls everything down. If you lift your arm…” Kylo held his human’s arm up, “Your heart has to pump harder to work against gravity, so blood flows less quickly. If you keep the area below your heart, it has an easier time getting blood to flow through your arm.” “What about my head then?” asked Hux. “It’s a shorter distance,” said Kylo. He could have gone into more detail about the network of veins running under the boy’s skin but thought it best to keep things simple, “Now, when I feed, there are things you need to be aware of. If you feel light headed or faint, say something immediately so I can stop before you pass out.” “Like before when I was trying to get you to let up and you didn't?” asked Hux, slightly haughty as he folded his arms. “I was just trying to put on a good show, darling,” said Kylo. He thought of telling the boy how irresistible he had looked and tasted, but felt it would hardly inspire confidence. Instead he kept his smile and added, “Besides, in addition to a little revenge, I think you were quite enjoying yourself.” Hux frowned further at that. He didn’t seem angry, but the statement seemed to have started him on another melancholic train of thought. He looked a little guilty, but what was there to feel guilty about? Kylo recalled that the constable had been a friend of Hux’s, but he hadn’t mentioned anything that remotely sounded like he was worried he had offended someone. Kylo reached up and tucked his long hair behind his ear, “You don’t have to be ashamed. You’re young, it’s natural to have urges and reactions.” “So, about the blood,” said Armitage, changing the subject, “Does it…does it hurt?” “I’m going to let you have a look at my teeth. Try not to be frightened,” advised Kylo. He opened his mouth up and let the boy have a look at his teeth, all pointed, with two extremely pronounced canines. Hux looked at them and cringed slightly at the sight of them. Kylo closed his mouth before continuing, “I won’t lie, there’s a little pain, just a sharp pinch and it’s over. What might feel strange is when I suck at the wound. Some like it, some don’t.” Kylo would normally compare it to an aggressive kiss, but he had a feeling that the boy’s point of reference on that was lackluster. The boy did seem to like being domineered though, if just slightly. Things like being held in place or fondled from behind excited him quite a bit, not to mention being spanked. It was still a toss-up as to whether he would enjoy the act of being fed on, or if the sensation would disagree with him, but Kylo felt confident that he could at least make the experience tolerable. “Now, afterwards, the veins will still be open, so what you’ll do is hold it higher than your heart-” began Kylo. “Because of the gravity,” interrupted Hux. “Yes, that’s exactly right. That will slow the bleeding. Next, you’ll need wadded cloth, and you’ll hold that to the wound and press down to contain it, allowing the blood to clot and stop the heavy bleeding. While you do that, it’s best to either lie down or sit with your feet up. When you feel you can, either myself or a wraith will bind the wound for you,” explained Kylo. “A wraith?” whispered Hux, hazarding a glance at the shadows. “It needs to be tight. I know you don’t like them, and I’ll do my best to bind you myself, but if there’s an emergency and I have to leave immediately after feeding, they’re the only ones who can help you,” said Kylo. He touched Hux’s arm affectionately, comfortingly and asked, “Does that explain everything well enough?” “Yes…I think so…” said Hux quietly. “I don’t need to feed now, but when I do, that’s how it works,” said Kylo, patting the boy’s arm, “Was that the sort of transparency you wanted?” The boy thought it over, “I’m…I’m glad you aren’t pretending anymore. It’s still…I’ve spent so long with people who say things they don’t really mean, and knowing you were going to hurt me…” “I know, and I’m sorry that you had to go through something so terrible,” assured Kylo, “But I want you to believe that despite these things that I’m bound to do, I really do care about you.” The boy didn’t seem to believe him, and Kylo could hardly blame him for that. His little human had been so confused and broken for so long it was only natural for him to be so distrusting. Kylo reached into his pocket, “You said I can’t buy you with trinkets, and I don’t plan to, but I thought you would like these.” Gift-giving seemed very important between humans in terms of showing affection. They had entire holidays dedicated to giving each other tokens and presents. They seemed to make humans feel loved and wanted, showing that the special people in their lives remembered and appreciated them. Kylo hoped he could show the same. He produced a pair of hairclips, very plain ones. One of his humans had suggested them when Kylo had difficulty keeping hair away from his face when he worked. He had scoffed at the notion at first, but after trying it once, just to appease the insistent human who was trying very hard to be helpful, he practically swore by them. He let the boy look them over before combing the red tresses back with his ashen fingers, “You’ll probably want something to keep the hair out of your eyes while you read.” He clipped Hux’s hair back, just by his ears to hold it in place. He smiled, “There, now you can see a bit better. As much as I love your hair it’s a shame to hide that pretty face.” Armitage allowed him to arrange his hair, but still seemed nervous and uncertain. Kylo continue to kneel at his side, “Are you alright darling? I hope my eagerness from before didn’t frighten you.” “You promise it was only a rabbit?” asked Hux quietly, “It wasn’t a person was it?” “Oh, gracious no!” exclaimed Kylo, “If I killed scores of humans here and there on a whim I’d have an uprising on my hands in a matter of weeks!” “I didn’t like it but…I’m glad it wasn’t another person,” sighed Hux, “So you only do it once every two years?” He was only supposed to do it once every two years, but on occasion, like the bailiff, if Kylo thought the pack could do without a bad seed, he removed them. It was rare when he did so, once every few decades, but it was a rule he bent. He knew other vampires did the same to keep their humans safe and under control. What humans didn’t know couldn’t hurt them. He smiled at Armitage, “Of course dearest.” He rose to his feet, “I suppose the blood was a bit much, but I promise it was only a rabbit.” “So…am I your prisoner, your lover, your friend, your food or your pet?” asked Hux quietly. It was a combination of all of them, really. It brought an image of the pretty redhead to mind; spread out nude on the bed, white skin drizzled and smeared with blood, ready to be tasted and pleasured. He was a prisoner by definition, unable to leave. He was not Kylo’s spouse or child, so a pet was the closest thing he could equate the boy to. His young veins were rich with blood and his skin tasted sweet, which made him a delicious little morsel to nibble and taste, but he was soft, responsive and provocative, making him someone Kylo would enjoy making love to. They were not friends, not really, though being alone made Kylo very open and hopeful to the possibility. He leaned over the arm of the chair and tried to think of an honest answer he could give the boy. Humans didn’t have these sorts of relationships with each other. The dynamics were completely different. Kylo very much doubted the boy would be able to understand it if he was honest. He regarded the boy seriously, “If I said all of those things at once, would it make any sort of sense to you?” “Not really…” admitted Armitage, “But at least you wouldn’t be dodging the question.” “And speaking of questions, since I hope there’s no doubt in your mind as to whether I’ll keep you or not…we had discussed certain terms…” said Kylo. Hux looked up at him. He furrowed his brow and looked away, “I hope you can understand…I said what I did before because I was desperate. I thought Illya was in danger but…I really don’t think it would be right…” “Why?” asked Kylo quizzically. “Say…a woman from France was sent to you as blood tax, and you found out she was responsible for having one of your friends executed…could you…with her? Could you honestly do it in good conscience?” asked Hux. Kylo thought the question over. If he met one of those ringleaders or revolutionary spies he would sooner cut them down then drink their filthy blood. He supposed he could understand the boy’s position, not wanting to make love to someone who had been responsible for so much of his misery, whether he intended to cause it or not. He stroked the human’s hair, “No…but suppose you met a departed friend’s lover, and you had that love for that person in common. Someone who you could share your grief with. Do you think you could give yourself to someone like that?” Hux frowned, “It’s not so simple as that…” It seemed nothing was ever simple with this poor little human. Kylo leaned in and kissed his forehead, “I’ll leave you to think on it, but I still plan on courting you.” He touched the boy’s red locks and pretended to brush stray hairs into place, “Can I trust you to put yourself to bed tonight? I have some errands to run. Can you be good for me?” The boy nodded, and Kylo stroked his pretty, pale cheek, “Be in bed by ten o’clock. You don’t have to sleep, but you must be in bed darling.” “I’m not allowed to stay up?” asked Hux. “No, you can stay awake, I’d just like the bed’s nice and warm when I come back,” explained Kylo. Armitage gave him an odd look, one eyebrow arched as if he was having trouble believing what he just heard. He rolled his eyes slightly, a bit like the constable had done, and returned to his book. *** Kylo returned that night with much accomplished. He hadn’t caught the bailiff out walking alone, which was a pity. The man would have to go out at night sometime. Perhaps he could assign a mercenary to him, just to watch and send word when he had gone out at night. It would have to be night. Kylo had a special suit of armour and robes to protect him from the sun if he ever needed to be outside during the day, but it was instantly recognizable. If anyone saw him wandering about the same day a man disappeared, even an idiot would be able to surmise what had happened. He decided to stick to his errands. He would just have to wait, as much as it displeased him to do so. While he was out though, he had deposited the order for dresses, payment sent in advance as always, and left all the documents and letters he had put off until the last minute in the post box. In addition to inviting that she-wolf Phasma to discuss her pack’s recent wanderings, he had to register Armitage as the human sent as blood tax. The paperwork had all been done up for the girl…whatever her name had been. Her name started with an ‘I’, or was it an ‘E’? At any rate he needed to inform their King that he had received blood tax in the form of Armitage Hux, male, twenty-one years old. He expected the dresses, and a suit he would keep until the boy had proven he was docile, would be finished within a week. He liked the shop because they had a large number of staff who worked quickly and efficiently on his orders. In the meantime, the three dresses Hux had would have to do, but Kylo was excited to have something new for his human to wear. He couldn’t wear the white thing he wore when he arrived that had been too small for him. The way it slid down his chest simply wouldn’t do, not if he was to have any chance of resisting his lovely Armitage. His last errand had been a little gift, a staple of courtship and one he hoped the boy would like. He slipped into the bedroom as quietly as he could and found his human curled up under the blankets. Kylo smiled at that. He always thought humans looked so sweet and innocent when they slept, though it seemed the boy had accidentally left the hair clips in. Before he could remove them for the sleeping boy, he would need to put the gift down. It was a bouquet of wild flowers. Nothing ornate, no ribbons or fancy paper wrappings, just some nice ones that Kylo had found growing by the river. He had put them in a vase with fresh water and set them on the night table so they would be the first thing Armitage saw when he woke up. The boy missed the outside world, and Kylo knew there was a chance it might remind the boy of what he couldn’t have, but perhaps it might be a comfort to have something familiar at least. The handkerchief had upset him as well, though it was able to help calm and soothe him in the end. Kylo looked down and saw it lying loosely in his hand. He sighed, sitting on the bed and began to set things aside. He removed the handkerchief first, folding it reverently before setting it on the night table where it wouldn’t be damaged. Next where the hairclips, removed carefully and set aside. He would have to remind Armitage that hairclips needed to be removed before bed. He stripped off his own clothes and pulled on a night shirt. It had been a full day, he was tired, and his human had kept the bed nice and warm. He slipped under the duvet and pressed himself flush against his human. The cold caused him to stir, and eventually wake. Hux reached down and caught the hand that Kylo had placed over his tiny waist, “You’re back?” “Mhmm,” Kylo hummed sleepily and nuzzled his human. He felt Armitage gasp and grope about in the dark. Kylo reached up and grabbed his arm to make him stop, “I put your handkerchief on the night table dearest. I didn’t want you to lose it.” The boy stilled, pulling his arms against himself and humming his acknowledgement. Kylo mumbled sleepily, “I flew about quite a bit, I might need your blood tomorrow. It’s been quite some time since I’ve had human blood and I’m starting to feel it.” He hummed against Armitage’s hair, “And you could do with another bath and shave…I promise no sudden razors.” The boy nodded quietly. He seemed to have accepted his position well and his responsibilities. The day had been a busy one, but it seemed Armitage had gotten the closure and mental stimulation that he had needed. He was just such a poor, broken little thing. He would need so much more care, given in ways that Kylo felt uncertain about. "Smells nice..." mumbled Hux groggily. "I'm glad you like them...Did you like the library?” asked Kylo, still a bit groggy himself as he snuggled against his human’s back “You’re welcome to go there as often as you like.” “I could only read a few pages,” said Armitage, sounding disappointed. “It’s alright, it’ll come to you,” assured Kylo, “Maybe something easier?” The boy shook his head, “I need to read that one.” Kylo sighed slightly, “I’ll read parts of it to you, but you need to start with something easy when you’re by yourself. Will that help?” Armitage nodded quietly and Kylo pulled him close, rubbing up and down the human’s front. The boy froze and cringed at first, as usual, but soon relaxed as he adjusted and became sleepy again. He was pliant enough for Kylo to explore him, counting his ribs like sheep, finding the little dip of his navel and the sharp line of his hip bone. Human anatomy, at least by appearances, was nearly identical to a vampire’s. Touching him though, Kylo could feel the difference between them. All of Hux’s organs seemed to be thrumming under his skin, his chest rose and fell and he was so warm to touch. He would be much easier to examine if he was naked, Kylo thought, giving his human a well-deserved scratch on the chest and gentle rub on his stomach. Hopefully when all of his bruising faded he would consent to being examined. Kylo didn’t often have the urge to draw his humans, but having a male sit for him would prove a challenge after he’d gotten so used to women. Perhaps if he could convince his skittish human that there would be no uncomfortable touching or petting, Hux would consent to removing his clothes for him to look. Kylo drifted off, his human cuddled close in his arms, as he tried to remember where he had placed his charcoal for drawing. Chapter 10 Notes: I got an unexpected shift at work today, so two more fics will be updated tonight. I got up a couple hours early, but I still didn't have time to get them good enough for posting. In the meantime, enjoy some more gay vampires. The first blood-letting was difficult for humans in this century. A few hundred years ago it was very easy to have them hold their arms still while they were bled, since they mistakenly thought it was a cure for most of their ailments. Now, with medicine much improved, the practice had fallen out of favor and humans were increasingly more hesitant to open their veins. Armitage seemed no exception to this. He sat at the little table in his usual chair in Kylo’s bedchamber and watched his arm being carefully tended to with wary blue-green eyes. When he needed blood in an emergency Kylo often couldn’t tend to his human beforehand, soothing them and cleaning the area that was to be opened for him. It was preferable if his human was calm, blood flowing at an average pace, and the area he was to bite adequately cleaned so as not to cause any infections. In theory the wound didn’t have to scar. Kylo supposed he could choose a different place to feed and give each wound he created enough time to heal completely, but if he did that his human would probably be riddled with little wounds. Some humans didn’t like the scars, but Kylo felt a single scar was better than the sorry sight they would have been, covered in scabs and bandages. He wiped Hux’s left forearm clean with a warm, moist towel. He was very pale. Sometimes he needed to put a band on the human’s arm to create enough pressure for a vein to make itself visible, but between his natural pallor and his gender making his veins much more visible, they were very easy to spot and very tempting… “There, all clean now,” soothed Kylo. Hux gripped the chair with his right and and the left one trembled, “It’s just a pinch? That’s all?” “Just a pinch,” promised Kylo, kneeling down by his side so the enticing blue veins were in reach of his teeth. He motioned to the table, “And we have the bandages all ready. Do you remember what to do?” “Hold it up, put pressure on it, then wrap it tight,” said Hux, though it did little to calm his nerves. “That’s right. Are you ready darling?” asked Kylo. “Yes…” replied Hux, his words tapering off into a slight whimper as he squeezed his eyes shut and turned away. “Alright,” said Kylo, stroking over a fat, blue vein in the boy’s creamy wrist. He leaned in and tried not to make the boy suffer through too much anticipation. He couldn’t help pausing though. He had such a sweet scent and the marble white of his wrist seemed almost too perfect to bite into. He nuzzled the area, taking in the scent and feel of it as the boy’s breath hitched and his trembling started anew. Kylo knew he had to do it soon or the poor human would become distressed. He opened his mouth and sealed it around the boy’s arm. Immediately his tongue tasted his irresistibly sweet flesh. If he hadn’t been hungry he might have been content kissing and licking Hux’s skin and admiring his natural taste. It was even better without the rabbit’s blood. He banished the thought as he quickly and clinically found the vein and plunged his long canines into it. The boy let out a sharp, pained gasp and a hiss and the sensation and Kylo removed his fangs, sealing his lips around the bite. Blood gushed into his mouth, sweeter and more satisfying than anything Kylo had eaten in the last month. He moaned at the taste and sensation of it welling up from the wound, wrapping around his tongue and gliding down his throat. He sucked at the marks, savoring the sweetness and smoothness Armitage had to offer. He had needed this so badly and the satisfaction of finally being filled and sated was more fulfilling than Kylo could put into words. He lapped at the skin, covered in the blood that was supposed to flow steadily and orderly beneath it. Hux tasted good like this. Licking blood from Armitage’s sugary skin would be considered a delicacy, sweet upon sweet. He savoured the idea of it, rubbing blood over that pale skin and licking it away, pausing only to nibble at those places where humans tasted sweetest. Savoring was all he ought to do though. Losing too much blood was dangerous for humans and Armitage was almost at the point where it would be too dangerous to keep going. Kylo relished the last few moments of it. He wasn’t full, he could drink more, but he was sated and he could feel his full strength returning after being deprived for so long. He moaned appreciatively at the taste, taking in the last strong flow of intoxicating crimson that he could restrain himself to have and then pulled back. Armitage immediately placed a piece of wadded cloth over the wound and clenched tightly with his right hand, holding his wounded arm up by his face. Kylo panted, licking his lips and trying to will away the haze he was going through. He had seen humans do the same, becoming sleepy after a large or particularly satisfying meal. He was so content he might have purred if he was a cat. Instead he hummed, leaning against the arm of the chair and grinning to himself, “It might be because you’re young, but you’re sweeter than most.” Armitage gripped his arm and mumbled, “It aches…” “It might do that for a little while. It’s the same as being cut by anything else, dear,” said Kylo, unable to help his pleased tone of voice. His human had proved to be quite the tasty one. It would be hard not to nibble on his ears or his fingers… Wrapping a cold hand around Hux’s trembling one he instructed, “Here, let me hold that while you rest. Since you’ve given me your blood you’ll have to have something sweet for yourself.” “I’m not a child…” said the boy quietly, “You don’t have to ply me with sweets.” Kylo laughed slightly at that, “No, no, you’re certainly not a child. But after losing blood humans should eat something sweet. I had a little cake made for you. I hope you like cake.” “I don’t know,” replied Hux. Kylo paused at that, taking the bandages from the table as he began to bind Hux’s arm, “You don’t know? Didn’t your…didn’t anyone give you any?” “No. Sometimes…” Hux gave Kylo a slightly rueful look before turning his face down again, “They gave me candy. Small, round ones that you had to suck on. They were wrapped in paper or in tin containers with sugar, so they were easier to take on trips than cakes.” “Well, we need to remedy that as soon as possible,” said Kylo, trying to hold Hux’s attention as a long white hand deposited a little cake with preserved strawberries on the table, “They’ve changed a lot over the centuries. I can’t eat them, but I like the way they look and I know they’re important for humans.” “Not really. You can live your whole life just fine without sweets,” protested Armitage. “Not like that dearest. I mean…they’re important. It seems humans are always eating them at important events. Weddings, birthdays, like it’s something you all share when you celebrate together. A sort of cultural symbol,” explained Kylo. Armitage glared down at his lap and bitterly replied, “I hadn’t noticed.” An obvious lie. Kylo frowned and got to his feet, dusting off his knees with his hands. He looked about the room and seized the vase full of flowers and put it on the table by the cake. He took the seat opposite Armitage and pushed the little cake towards him, “Here, you do it like this don’t you? You have someone close by who cares about you, some decorations, and then you eat cake together.” Hux looked up at Kylo quizzically, probably puzzled by the way he described things. A few of his other humans had noted that it was strange hearing their behaviour described by an outsider, and even made them feel a little silly at times. Hux picked up the fork with his good hand, still cradling the bitten one against his chest as he speared a little bit of cake. He placed it between his soft, pink lips and paused, slowly withdrawing the fork. Hux replaced the fork and looked down at his lap, clearly upset again. “What’s wrong dearest, don’t you like it?” asked Kylo, who had thought for certain that most, if not all humans loved cake. “You said it yourself…it’s something we eat when we celebrate something important with people we care about,” said Hux quietly, “I never thought I’d be having it for the first time like…like this…” Kylo sighed slightly, taking the fork and stabbing a little strawberry with it, “Does it taste good?” “It does…it’s just…I shouldn’t enjoy any of this. It isn’t right…” Armitage began, trailing off as if he was uncertain as to how to put his feelings into words. “You should eat it if it tastes good,” said Kylo, trying to be pleasant as he added, “You think too hard about such sad things. You’re allowed to let yourself have a little happiness.” “I never thought…” Hux continued, scratching his head awkwardly and twirling his red hair around his fingers absentmindedly, “You’re the last person I ever expected to say something nice to me…” Kylo held out the fork so the silly human could take it, “You do need to eat it. Then you need to relax for a few minutes until your body has finished recovering.” Armitage took the fork and put the little strawberry in his mouth. He was such a little darling in his nightgown, looking away shyly as he took small bites of the cake. It seemed he really didn’t like being watched while he ate, a very curious habit. Kylo couldn’t help looking at his pretty human though, “You should probably drink something as well. Juice from a fruit is usually good for you after losing blood like that.” Hux continued to be quiet. He wasn’t lashing out, and he was far from the broken state he had been in before, but he clearly wasn’t happy. Kylo thought he had done lots of things that humans usually liked. They liked flowers, special sweets and pretty clothes…they did tend to like their families and their freedom more, but Kylo thought he had been doing a fair job of giving Hux simple pleasures to brighten his mood. Perhaps he just needed to try harder. He’d never had a pet that had been so badly hurt before, so perhaps they required more care than most. “You were very brave yesterday,” noted Kylo, “You could have gone back and chose not to…is this friend of yours very special to you?” Hux’s countenance seemed to shift when the girl was mentioned; the one that he had saved by staying. He wasn’t beaming with happiness but he was less miserable, “She lived close by and we’re almost the same age. When I first started school I walked by her house every day and she would watch me from the window. After a few days she would start pointing and shouting when I passed. A few weeks after that she was outside, and I saw a little her pointing at me suddenly and shouting. A servant…I think he was a gardener, dragged me up to the front porch and while I was wondering what I’d done wrong she bounded up to me, seized me by the hair and said, ‘I want my winter dress to be this colour! It’s the prettiest colour in the world!’” “And you were so touched by her praise that you became fast friends?” asked Kylo. “No, I tried to get away because I had no idea what was happening,” said Hux, “I took great pains to sneak by the house, but I was caught and marched up to the porch again. This time Illya was standing with her governess. Then, with great reservation Illya said, ‘Miss Petrovna says it’s not nice to pull little boy’s hair,’ and gave me a kiss on the cheek, which I liked even less than the hair-pulling. She said I should come have tea with her to make up for the whole incident. With the governess standing there the whole time I felt like I had to say yes. It was awful, being chaperoned and trying to act mannered. I had no idea what to do. Illya seemed to hate it too. We barely spoke at all while the grown-ups cooed about how we looked together. So after tea we gave the old governess the slip and took a walk in the woods, which we liked much better. Illya told me all sorts of things about how she hated her lessons and hoped she would never grow up to be a proper lady as long as she lived because it was so boring. We got on well, so I became…it might sound strange to you, but her family more or less hired me to be her playmate,” said Hux. Kylo arched his brow, “Humans do that?” “Sometimes, if a child is being raised alone and their parents are important enough. And it wasn’t exactly hiring, since I wasn’t the one being paid. The money was compensation to my step-father for the work he wouldn’t get out of me while I was playing with Illya,” explained Hux, “It only lasted a few years, but it was nice to have somewhere to go after school that wasn’t home.” “What sorts of games do human children play these days?” asked Kylo, who had never heard of the concept of a hired playmate. He thought he could have used one when he was freshly turned. The idea of paying someone to socialize with him was a depressing one, but he had been so desperate for company back then, he might have done it. “Imagining games, mostly. Her favorite was to play was pirates, because she read in a book that girls and boys could both be pirates. Or pretend she was a highwayman, I was always the horse when we played that. When she got older she liked to play house. I hated it because I was the ‘husband’ and she would shove me out of the nursery to stand in the hall and ‘go to work’ while she stayed at ‘home.’ I wasn’t allowed back inside until she said so,” replied Hux. Kylo snorted, “She sounds like a headstrong young lady.” The corner of Hux’s mouth tipped down slightly, “That night, after we switched clothes, I showed her how to use the whip without hitting the horses and told her to just pretend we were playing highwayman and everything would be alright. I said I’d send her a postcard when I reached America.” “She’s very lucky to have you as a friend,” said Kylo, doing his best to mask his jealously of the girl who was supposed to be in Armitage’s place. The boy spoke of her so fondly and was still so suspicious with him… “I hope Constable Kolozov explained what happened to her. I don’t suppose I’d be in trouble if she mentioned the gun at this point but…I think she was rather hoping for that postcard…” mumbled Hux. Kylo was hesitant to say anything. Most humans refrained from making contact with the outside world. Having said their goodbyes and made their peace with their situation most preferred to sever contact with the outside world completely, finding it too painful to write to the ones they would never see again. They would also become very distraught if letters stopped coming, or they received bad news and could do nothing about it. It often worsened his relationship with his human, so he seldom allowed them to write. But Armitage wanted to send his little friend a note… He gave serious thought to offering him the chance to write. He knew it would make his human very happy, but only at first. When the waiting and pining inevitably began he would just become miserable all over again. It was probably for the best not to allow the boy to write to anyone. It would just upset him. Kylo was positive he could make his human happy all on his own. “Would you like help dressing?” asked Kylo, “If your arm is still sore I could assist you.” “Maybe…just the buttons and laces,” said Armitage, finishing the last of his cake and moving his left arm to test it. Kylo sent out a thought for a wraith to bring juice for him. He didn’t want his human getting light headed from a lack of sugar. He grinned at that reply and went to his bookcase, “Though, if you were inclined…not now mind you, I’m sure you’d like to wash and read your book first, but perhaps someday if you feel like it…” Kylo found an old sketchbook and pulled it from the shelf, “I’d like for you to sit for me.” Hux cocked his head slightly and gripped the arm of the chair with his good hand, as if making to stand up. Kylo waved, signalling him to stay seated as he brought the book over and sat down again, “I like to draw and sketch. I haven’t done it seriously in the last few years, but I was thinking to myself that I would like to draw you.” He opened the book, careful not to get any charcoal on his fingers as he examined the first few pages. He smiled, pleasantly surprised as he held the picture up for Hux to look at, “Oh, it’s Valeria! From about forty years ago, she loved sitting for me. I sat for her once or twice as well, though I’m not sure what happened to her drawings, they must be somewhere around here…” Hux’s face was as red as the strawberries he had eaten. He looked away, “She’s naked…” “Of course she’s naked. What, have nudes gone out of fashion again?” asked Kylo, furrowing his brow. “Yes…” Hux replied awkwardly. “I see…well, I’m sure I have a portrait somewhere. You can look at those, can’t you?” Kylo said, unable to help teasing slightly as he flipped through the pages. Finding one, a drawing of Valeria from the shoulders up, he held it for Armitage to see, “There, how’s this?” Hux looked at the picture and pursed his lips. His brow knitted in confusion as he looked over at Kylo, “But…she’s happy. How could she be…?” “Two years is a very long time to spend being unhappy, so she took her happiness where she could find it. If I remember correctly she loved to draw as well as being drawn. She especially liked to draw the birds that flew outside her window,” explained Kylo. He grinned at the picture, “I’m glad I have these, I almost forgot her.” The boy looked at the picture, contemplative, but still confused. Kylo turned back to one of the nudes and Armitage’s cheeks pinked again. He might never have seen a nude drawing before in his life, being the country-bumpkin he was, and since he wasn’t attracted to women his expression was one of pure embarrassment. Kylo looked over at his human, nearly purring at him, “I haven’t drawn a man in ages, and you’re such a pretty man. I’d love to see you draped over some cushions and sheets. You could lie on your stomach, propped up on your arms. It would be very tasteful, just that adorable rump showing.” Armitage turned a deeper red, but said nothing as he looked away awkwardly. Kylo smirked at him, “I find a good set of buttocks to be very important in a male subject. It needs to be very…tight, you see, and yours seems perfect. It’s nice and pert, plenty of muscle, but still soft with a slight curving swell. It looks very enticing, I like it very much…” The boy seemed to have absolutely no words in the face of praise, especially when it was so sexually charged. Kylo took full advantage, humming and eyeing his human lustfully, “Hm? Hasn’t anyone ever mentioned what appealing figure you have? A good, perky backside, beautiful thighs, an elegant frame, sweet little nipples, a delicate waist…” “No, I…that’s not a polite thing to say…” mumbled Hux, trying to hide his blush. “I seem to recall a certain someone cursing up a storm a few days ago. You’re going to lecture me on manners?” asked Kylo, amused with his human’s shyness. “It’s different,” protested Hux, “Everyone curses but that’s…you just shouldn’t.” “So I suppose you don’t want me to watch you bathe,” sighed Kylo. “No, I’d rather not,” said Hux, shaking his head. Kylo gave Hux a slightly serious look, “We’re more or less going to do the same thing as a few days ago. You need to make some sound, and I’m going to give you a shave when you finish. I know you find it distressing, so is there any way I can make it less upsetting for you?” “Why not let me do it myself?” asked Hux. “Because it hasn’t been a week since you tried to shoot me,” said Kylo simply, “You’re lucky I let you use a knife with your meals.” “But you’ll be watching me the whole time,” protested Hux. Kylo knew he could easily disarm and subdue a human who was only armed with a small blade. In theory Armitage could shave himself, but he didn’t want the boy to do it. Kylo felt it would be a good way to build trust between them. If the human could hold allow him to do this it would make it easier to trust him with other things. He had completely botched his last attempt and was desperate to make amends. Also, Kylo had to selfishly admit that he loved to groom his humans. “No,” said Kylo firmly, but gently, reaching across to stroke his human’s cheek, which was starting to get a little rough, “I’m not going to let you do that.” Hux furrowed his brow slightly and paused to think before asking, “If I hold still can I go to the library again?” The response took Kylo aback slightly, but he replied, “Certainly. I could even read that book to you. Would you like that?” “Yes, but…can I hold your hand when you do it?” asked Hux. Kylo liked the idea, but his romantic notions of holding his human’s hand were dispelled when Hux continued, “If I feel like I can push the razor away it might be better.” Kylo resisted a sigh. He thought the human just wanted to hold his hand for comfort. He thought it would be sweet and romantic, but no, it was all about razors. Nonetheless, Kylo replied, “Of course dearest. Now, let’s get you clean again.” *** Other vampires had often accused Kylo of spoiling his humans. He never did, he was very careful to make sure that despite his doting, that his humans understood they were his subordinates. He was certain he thought of it the same way most would consider a lapdog. The dog was not equal to their owner, but the owner could still delight in feeding it special treats and grooming it. One could spoil a dog without handing it the leash. Kylo’s previous pets had enjoyed being spoiled. As he understood it, having someone dress them and groom them was a great luxury and a sign of status. Armitage was completely unfamiliar with it though, and Kylo looked forward to the human trusting him enough to be handled and groomed more intimately. Just having the buttons on the back of his nightgown undone left the poor thing blushing and trembling under Kylo’s fingers. When he finished he traced the little line down Hux’s back to the area just beneath his shoulder blades where he had been exposed. While humans could be fussy about having their stomachs rubbed, almost all of them loved having their backs touched. He hoped having his shoulders squeezed and the back of his neck rubbed felt pleasant. He affectionately and reassuringly touched his human until the shivering stopped before leaving him to bathe himself. Listening to the boy chatter and hum didn’t do much to help with his frustration. Less than a few feet away his gorgeous human was washing himself and Kylo would have loved nothing more than to be in the bath with him. He couldn’t help thinking of how warm it would be and how nice with would be to have Armitage snuggled against him. He also wanted to see those red locks turn dark in the water and sway in the ripples. Kylo had met a few nymphs, and while the boy was far too skinny to be mistaken for one, he had the precise and very pretty shade of hair that they were so valued for. He dressed himself when he finished, in the same shimmering green dress that Kylo had liked so much and had been wearing when his mind had shattered. But things would be different this time. This time he would be calm and treat Hux very gently, carefully, like a little gem. His arm seemed to be alright, but the wound had likely left it very sore and tender, and it would probably stay that way for a few hours and have some bruising for a long time after that. There was no helping that, but Kylo knew he would have to take great strides not to shatter his poor human again. He shaved him first, slow and careful, to have it over and done with. Hux kept a hand over Kylo’s, ready to push it away if he got too frightened. He didn’t push though. He was very good and stayed very still, despite the sweating and shaking grip of one hand and the fingers pressing into the palm of the other. When he finished Kylo wished he could have kissed him. He had yet to find some sort of physical affection that Hux would like to have as a reward. Kylo had been patting his head and stroking his hair, but Hux didn’t seem to respond as ecstatically as he had hoped. There had to be some little touch or place that would make him hum and purr in spite of himself. With his face clean and shaved, Kylo set to work on his hair, in the mood for something a little more elaborate than a simple braid. Armitage had just enough hair for a bun, and Kylo thought he would look just like a princess…if he could be taught to sit properly. Despite looking every bit the part of an elegant lady, Hux was unapologetically masculine in the way he carried himself. It was quite comical, especially when Kylo had the bun finished and hair arranged perfectly. He tried a few times to correct him, nudging his legs closed or placing the boy’s hands either by his thighs or in his lap or straightening his posture. Kylo had little interest in training Armitage to be a girl forever, but while he wore a dress he would look considerably less foolish if he tried to conduct himself with a little more grace. All that left was the boy’s nails, which needed to be filed, especially if he was going to keep pressing them so harshly into his palm. Kylo liked this part, kissing his human’s dainty fingers with each nail he finished. By the time he was done, his human was neat, clean and positively glowing. It was a shame he had no company to show Hux off to today. He drew Hux up and brought him in front of a mirror to inspect himself. He smiled and held the boy’s shoulder, “There, see how beautiful you are after a little polish? You sparkle like a star.” Hux scrunched his nose at the sight of himself before starting and taking a step back, “I can’t see you.” “No, I’m afraid I don’t have a reflection. I suppose that’s for the best though. If I had one I wouldn’t stop looking. I think mirrors are very fascinating,” said Kylo. “So you’ve never seen yourself?” asked Hux. “When I was very little before I was turned I saw my reflection in a puddle. I know I have moles, and brown eyes…I supposed everything else must be shaped differently now,” Kylo explained with a slight shrug, “And I may have never seen myself, but people have shown me drawings over the years. I just take their word for it.” He hugged his human, loving the feeling of his warm body and the soft silks. If only they were more intimate. It had been a few days but the boy had given no indication that he might be in any sort of heat. Humans tended to vary with their need for sex. Some had a predictable cycle when they would crave sex, and some were more erratic. Some needed to be sated almost constantly while others only had a few days a month when they were desperate for relief. All of the emotions the boy had gone through, the shock of everything, might have thrown off his cycle, but there were ways to induce a heat in his humans. Like their patterns and appetites, humans varied, but there were some things that tended to work across the board. Erotic drawings, nudity, proximity, aphrodisiacs and placebos, and personal attention tended to get humans in the mood for sex. If Armitage asked him for relief, the act might make him more trusting as a result. Kylo always noticed an improvement in his human’s behaviour after he bedded them. He would love for the boy to request it because he had fallen in love, but Kylo would settle for him requesting to have his physical needs sated. Especially now that the human didn’t require a sexual transaction to feel secure in his position. He had become very good at seducing humans over the years. He knew how to touch them just so and how to spark their desires. He was confident he could have Hux asking for sex of his own volition in a matter of days. The boy seemed to be opposed on moral grounds, but those scruples hardly ever lasted amidst the loneliness and the temptation of pleasure beyond what any of their own kind could have given them. Kylo kept his warm body pressed against his and traced his fingers over the bandages on Armitage’s left arm, “But see how pretty you are? I don’t think anyone in that town of yours realized what a jewel they had.” “Can we go to the library now?” asked Hux, looking over his shoulder at Kylo. Kylo nuzzled against his ear, “Of course dearest, you’ve been behaving so well.” He released his little human, “I’ve a few minor things to attend to, so be a good boy and wait for me there. I don’t want any mischief from you, alright?” “I won’t,” said Hux eagerly, looking at the door anxiously, waiting on to be excused. Kylo smiled at that, “Go ahead darling. I’ll try not to keep you long.” Humans were under the very curious impression that the food they consumed could affect their sexual appetites. Some drugs did, of course, but for the most part, human aphrodisiacs were just placebos. They associated certain foods with sex and romance, so those foods put them in the mood for sex and romance. They tended to change over the years, but a few of them remained consistent. At the moment, Kylo was confident that wine, chocolate, strawberries and cream would do nicely at conveying his intentions and hopefully putting Armitage in the mood to be seduced. And if it failed, Kylo was certain at the very least those things would be a nice treat for his human, who had been behaving so well and had done such a good job of giving his blood. Kylo was confident his efforts would succeed. His main concern was the wine. Humans had different reactions to it. Some of them giggled incessantly, some became outgoing, some started sobbing over the strangest things, some became violent, and some became more physical. He would have to make sure Hux didn’t drink too much before he could determine how the alcohol would affect him. However a single glass should not have a terribly drastic effect on him. He had a plan, a simple one. He would curl up with Armitage in a chair and read very softly to him. With a few little touches to the setting it would be impossible for Hux not to see that Kylo wanted him and wanted to ensure the boy felt desirable and special. He had used that word before, ‘special, in a good way for once.’ He was sure he could make his human feel special, like he was the most precious creature in the world. He brought the food and wine himself as he entered the library. He immediately spotted Armitage in the same chair struggling with the same book and trying to read the words out loud. Kylo grinned and sent out a thought for the lights to be dimmed. The boy didn’t notice at first, but as they became dimmer and dimmer he looked up and finally paid some attention to what was going on. He looked up and nearly dropped the book he was holding. He shrank back in his chair and swallowed on nothing before he shoved his nose in the book again so he could hid behind the pages. “There’s not enough room for both of us in that chair. Come join me on the sofa, I brought you a little treat,” Kylo called over as he crossed the room. He passed Armitage, pretending not to pay attention to his attempts at hiding. He put the little tray on the reading table and got himself comfortable, in a position where he would be able to read and hold his human close at the same time. He called one more time, “What’s the matter darling, I thought you wanted me to help you with your book?” “Why aren’t you wearing a shirt!?” demanded Hux. Kylo looked down at his torso, then over at Hux again, “I felt like it, and I’m not getting any colder. Come here Hux.” The boy looked over and clutched the book to his chest, “We’re just reading, right?” Kylo waved him over, “Just reading. We won’t do anything else unless you ask.” Hux approached nervously before sitting on the far corner of the sofa and holding the book out to Kylo, “I’m still on the first chapter.” “Well, come here darling. I’m reading, but you’ll learn more if you look at the words and follow along,” said the vampire amiably, “Come sit beside me.” “You haven’t got a shirt,” Hux said again, muttering. “I’m a man, it shouldn’t be a problem,” replied Kylo, sitting up and taking Hux’s hand, “It’s alright, lie down, I promise not to hurt you.” “Are you drunk?” demanded Hux. Kylo looked over at the wine, “No dearest, I can’t drink those things.” Hux nodded slightly and moved a little closer, “That’s alright then…” Kylo shushed him and slowly guided him back onto his chest. He rubbed the boy’s arms gently while pulling him back, mindful of the way Armitage shivered and swallowed nervously. He didn’t want to break his fragile human again. If it sounded like he was going to panic or felt like he was going to pull away Kylo would let him and find another way for them to sit together. After a few moments of worry Kylo had Hux tucked next to him with his head resting on his chest. It was even better than holding him or touching the boy with his hands. He loved having the warmth pressed against him. He thought the boy to be very much like a kitten at that point, timid and soft, and yet he had insatiable curiosity and precociousness. He nuzzled the top of his head and stroked his hair, “There, see, it’s alright. That man from before, the lawman, he was always drunk when he approached you, wasn’t he?” Hux’s hands tightened slightly and Kylo felt his jaw clench a little. The vampire sighed, “I can’t believe I worked with him for years. But that’s neither here nor there…” He opened Hux’s tome of a book and flipped past the index, “Which page are you on?” “If you could start from the beginning…I didn’t get very far and didn’t understand much,” said Hux. “The first chapter is an overview of different countries and how they developed. All the other chapters just give more details. Are you sure you wouldn’t rather read an adventure book? I’m sure I have something with pirates or adventurers-” began Kylo. Hux looked up at him deathly seriously, “I need to read this one.” Kylo sighed and turned to the first page of the first chapter, “The wine and everything else is for you.” The boy nodded and settled against Kylo’s chest, his eyes trained on the book. Kylo grinned and put an arm around him, lightly rubbing his side with the backs of his fingers. He nuzzled against Hux and asked, “Comfortable?” “You’re…you’re very,” Hux began. Kylo felt a warm hand hover above his abdominal muscles before retracting. Kylo tried not to laugh as Hux struggled with himself over where he ought to put his hands. He looked over the page, “The development of governments of the world.” “What words were those?” asked the boy. Kylo traced over the words with his finger. He moved down to the smaller print and sent out a thought for the light to brighten so Hux could follow more easily. He spoke slowly and clearly, tracing each word, “Humans began their first civilizations in Mesopotamia. Their society first began to flourish with the advent of…are you understanding any of this?” “I’ll stop you if I don’t understand,” said Hux, “I looked up what Mesopotamia is yesterday.” “Alright,” said Kylo gently, reading to Hux the way he remembered his mother reading to him as a child. It was strange how clear his human memories were, but then, he had clung so tightly to them for centuries and drew on them so frequently to try to understand his humans. Hux held the book while he held Hux and pointed out the words, “Their society first began to flourish with the advent of agriculture and the domestication of animals. The development of agriculture created food surpluses which allowed the ancient Mesopotamians to support others who were not directly involved in food production. This permitted the creation of the first cities.” History was just as boring as Kylo remembered it. Hux hung on every word, watching the page and permitting new words to memory. His little human wanted this, and it was the reward he had chosen for good behaviour, so Kylo was not going to stop. If he did, Armitage might suspect him of offering rewards only to withhold them which would make the boy unruly all over again. Kylo would have much preferred reading him an account of survivors of a shipwreck, stories about knights and kings, or anything other than a dry old history book. He continued for the human’s sake, but allowed his hand to creep lower for his own amusement, rubbing the boy’s hip through his silk dress, “Cities worked in tandem with the rural countryside as farms would supply cities with foods, while cities provided military defense and control, along with manufactured goods.” Kylo gave the boy’s rump a light pat, “So basically the same as it is now.” Hux let out a slight gasp and looked up at Kylo, “You promised…” “Dearest, it’s just a little petting. I promise to do nothing serious or compromising unless you ask,” assured Kylo, “I can touch you here without it being crass or suspect. Some find it very relaxing.” He ran his hand up and down along the curve of Hux’s backside, slow, methodical, hardly the sort of stimulation the boy would need in order for things to escalate. Besides, this was only the first stages of seduction, letting his human know he was special and desirable while gaining a little trust from the poor thing. He had a feeling that it would take more than one evening with Hux before anything serious could happen, but the first steps were critical to the success of the whole operation. “Hm? Does it feel good?” asked Kylo. He knew it must feel good. Silk made his hand glide over the boy so easily and had such a smooth, pleasant texture. “It’s…just keep reading,” muttered Hux, settling back in again so he could look at the book. “You’ll also want to eat those strawberries soon,” advised Kylo as he began the next line, “Because of their new lifestyle, the Mesopotamians were able to develop mathematics, astronomy and writing. They developed the cuniform system with which they conducted their daily business, wrote their poetry and recorded humanities first laws and the history of their kings. The Mesopotamians believed their kings and queens were descendants of gods, a trend that would be seen among humans and their kings until their subjugation by the vampire. The first human kings of Mesopotamia, in their arrogance, saw themselves as rulers of the universe. While this was not the case, there were none who could prove otherwise as their empire devoured surrounding territories.” Hux looked away long enough to check where the berries had been placed and reached with his left arm to take one. It seemed he was able to move it without too much aching now, though Kylo suspected with his fair skin the boy would have quite the bruise on his arm when the wrappings were removed. Hux pressed a berry to his lips and popped it in his mouth before urging, “Well? Can you keep going? I’m not sure I read this part right.” “At the time there were many states and kings. The king of Babylon, Hammurabi, provides the first example of codified law. Immediately we can see many human values that are still in practice today. Many of their laws centered on harsh retribution for offences, most famously ‘an eye for an eye,’ and punishments frequently featured disfigurement or death, even for petty offenses. However, it is the first example of presumed innocence and offered the chance for both accused and accuser to provide evidence for offences, a practice that continues into the modern day,” continued Kylo, lazily rubbing Hux’s rump to keep himself from falling asleep. “Seems those are all things that’ll have to stay…” mused Hux. Kylo paused, “For what?” “For the government I’m trying to figure out. One where you don’t have to kill anybody,” said Hux. He looked up and furrowed his brow, “Haven’t you been listening to me?” “That sounds like an awful lot of work…” mumbled Kylo. “Which is why I need to keep studying. Please keep going,” insisted Hux. He looked almost pleading as he asked, “Just a chapter? Or half of one…I know we didn’t agree on how long you would read to me for but please don’t stop yet.” “Of course, this is your reward for being so good this morning, darling,” said Kylo, “I’ll make sure we at least leave Mesopotamia before I stop.” Kylo kept reading, as painfully boring as the subject was, and traced little circles into Hux’s rump and hip with his fingertips. The human didn’t protest and only moved to nibble at the chocolate and strawberries. Kylo paused occasionally to sniff the air, trying to detect whether Hux was becoming needy or not. It seemed not, with only slight hints and traces of arousal coming off him when Kylo touched his sensitive hipbones. He’d dimmed the lights, presented Hux with a half-naked and very well-muscled body to lie against, gave him triggering foods and was handling him in a way that toed the line of what was decent, and the silly boy was more focused on long dead civilizations. Once they had left Mesopotamia behind and got part way through Egypt, barely a few pages in, Kylo was at his wits end. It was such a dry, dull book. He really didn’t want to read anymore. He paused, flipping a few pages ahead and finding he had fourteen more before the chapter ended. He grimaced. Hux was desperate to read this book. He had been very good and had earned his reward, but it was so horribly boring. He looked at Hux, “Can we stop here today, darling? It’s making my throat a little dry.” It was a lie, but Hux seemed to believe it and nodded, obviously a bit disappointed. He looked over the book, “It took me hours to get this far by myself.” “That’s quite the accomplishment, given you didn’t have much schooling,” observed Kylo, sitting up slightly and reaching over to hand Armitage the glass of wine, “I don’t suppose you ever heard of the story of Gilgamesh.” “No,” said Hux, shaking his head slightly. “It’s a Mesopotamian legend. It starts with Enkidu, a creature who was more beast than animal and made out of clay. The people in the city of Uruk were afraid of Enkidu and asked Gilgamesh their king what they ought to do. Gilgamesh sent a woman to him, a priestess named Shamhat,” said Kylo, waiting to make sure Hux didn’t have anything in his mouth before finishing, “And she tamed him by making love to him.” Hux furrowed his brow, “Are you trying to say I’m Shamhat?” “Oh, heavens no. If anything, you’re Enkidu and I’m Shamhat,” said Kylo with a slight laugh. Hux seemed displeased with the answer so Kylo elaborated, “You’re a wild little filly in need of education and a great deal of love before you can become respectable. There are also plenty of legends about humans being made from clay and dust.” “We were made of dust,” said Hux, cocking his brow, “That’s what the priests say.” “Priests turn perfectly good drinking water into acid with a wave of their hands. Don’t trust them,” warned Kylo. He’d never really liked priests, especially after he had turned. He supposed it was natural given their ability to cause serious harm to a vampire with a few words and archaic symbols. Thankfully their religion, while permitted, was heavily monitored and regulated so there were never too many meddlesome priests about. Hux arched his brow but let the comment slide as he changed the subject, “But I’m obviously Shamhat.” “Oh?” asked Kylo. “I’m here because a king decrees a human has to come here in order to keep you from harming others,” explained Hux. “So you’re going to tame me?” purred Kylo. Hux took the glass of wine and downed it as if it were a glass of vodka in some musty tavern. Kylo nearly burst out laughing at how unrefined the human was as Hux replaced the glass. He considered Kylo for a moment, “If by ‘tame’ you mean find a way so you don’t have to kill, yes. That’s what I want.” Kylo sighed and stroked the boy’s cheek. He was such a sweet boy, barely out of childhood. Though he was convinced that Hux wanted that for his own reasons, he was still touched by it. He traced a finger over his lips, “I wish you’d let me kiss you. It’s not fair for you to say such lovely things and not let me kiss you.” “But you…” Hux looked at Kylo’s mouth, “That’s what you used to kill them…would you kiss a guillotine?” “No, I wouldn’t,” replied Kylo, moving his fingers away, “But these are also the lips I used to kiss them and comfort them. You’re not the first to have those reservations. If you consider everyone who came before you gave themselves to me willingly, what sort of judgement are you passing on them if you think it’s immoral for me to kiss you?” That seemed to give Hux some pause. It seemed he hadn’t thought of the situation in that light. Kylo felt it was true though. If Hux was opposed to kissing him on moral grounds, it meant that everyone who came before him had done something immoral. More that the little philosophical conundrum, Kylo had another theory as to why his human was so opposed to being kissed. It must be frightening for him to allow such sharp teeth near his face, to allow something that could easily overpower him to come forward and trust that it wouldn’t harm him. The poor thing had been around so many men who were bigger and stronger, who he had trusted only to be treated with cruelty. The boy had every right to be cautious. He pulled Armitage closer, running his hand in a long stroke down his back, “Will you think about it darling? You don’t have to decide right now, but please think about it.” Hux gave a shudder and an honest to god whimper when Kylo rubbed his back. The vampire smirked at that and began lightly tickling his back, “Oh? You like back tickles, do you?” Armitage didn’t dignify him with an answer and buried his face against Kylo’s chest as he shivered at the touch. Kylo shifted so his human was on top of him and he could pet the boy with both hands, the book wedged between the cushions in the sofa. He held Hux like a large cat, running his hands over his back and rump in smooth, relaxing strokes. He was very pretty, and with a little care and polish was becoming tamer by the day. There was barely a trace of the hellion that had to be locked in the pantry overnight. He grinned, “Besides, you let me grope those beautiful legs and play with your delightful little breasts. What’s a kiss compared to that?” “That,” said Hux, still shuddering, but managing to look up, “Was for revenge. And don’t call them breasts, I’m not a girl.” “Hm…perhaps I’ll call them your sweet little buds,” said Kylo flippantly, “Yes, a pair of ripe little buds on my darling Honey Bush, all ready to be plucked. Supple and yielding just like real flower bu-” “Fine, call them breasts…” mumbled Hux miserably. Kylo petted the short hairs near the back of his human’s neck as he confided, “Don’t worry, I think I like your backside better anyways.” Chapter 11 Notes: I feel like I have to say when I refer to Phasma as an alpha-wolf, it has nothing to do with ABO-verse stuff. :P Hux's crappy childhood continues to be awful and abusive, so trigger warning for that. Also if you noticed a decrease in the number of typos and mistakes, that's because megnotegg the wonderful cosplayer from before has volunteered to beta-read! So thank you very much to her for doing that for me! Kylo decided he would wait a few days before going out flying again. Now that Hux was a little more receptive, and Kylo didn’t have many errands to run, he wanted to spend more time with his human. The trouble with being a vampire was that it made hunting a particular human very difficult. A vampire could usually only roam freely at night and couldn’t enter a dwelling without an invitation. He had a special suit that enabled him to go about in daylight, but it was horribly conspicuous which made stalking very difficult. In the dark Kylo kept full advantage; it was easy to hide and watch his prey with his heightened senses. He could watch for a horrid old man some other night. Right now though, he had a gorgeous redhead waiting for him in his bedroom who desperately needed to be seduced. Hux, strangely, seemed more than content with his little quest and his readings. He would, however, burn out. If he stayed at the same task with the same book for hours on end eventually his mind wouldn’t be able to absorb the information. A book was like taking a journey for several days. Breaks were needed or else one would become uncomfortable and irritated. The boy would discover this soon enough. Kylo figured it would be a few days at most before his brain couldn’t take the intense activity anymore and the sight of another book would make him sick. In the meantime, seeing him snuggled into a chair and pouring over a book that was far too complicated for him was an endearing sight. The boy behaved and went upstairs by his curfew. He realized that good behaviour meant more rewards, and now that he had something that he wanted to pursue the rewards were more enticing. Soon going to bed on time would simply be a matter of habit for him. Now that he was in the room, probably not in bed just yet. Hopefully he had not even changed clothing yet. The next part would work much better if Hux was still dressed. And thankfully he was. Seated on the side of the bed, pulling out the pins that held his hair in place. He was pulling a lot, tearing at that lovely hair to get them out. Kylo furrowed his brow and moved to his side, “No, don’t do that darling you’ll hurt yourself. Here, I’ll help, you need to pull them out more gently or you’ll hurt yourself.” Hux sighed through his nose and let Kylo pull his hair free from the pins. Kylo brushed it out with his fingers, admiring the cool softness of it contrasted with Hux’s warm nape. He gave the boy’s scalp a light scratch and asked, “Would you like me to tie it up for you tonight? Where’s that pretty green ribbon you had before.” “…blue?” Hux looked down sheepishly, “My…I like blue…” Kylo stroked his hair, “Then let’s use the blue one.” Hux passed him the ribbon. It wasn’t the light, baby blue that Kylo liked. It was more of a rich blue, a royal colour. It probably wasn’t a shade that Armitage got to see very often. Kylo loosely braided his hair for the night and tied it off, “So you like blue?” Hux nodded slightly. “And you like horses, and you like your friends…is there anything else you like?” asked Kylo. The boy gave him a nervous glance before shuffling away slightly, “What’s that key you’re wearing?” He was obviously changing the subject. Kylo glanced down at the large metal key. He didn’t quite feel comfortable telling Hux that there were weapons and armour in the basement. As much as he loved the boy, he was still an unpredictable creature. He was still very much at a point where he might try to drive a sword through his heart or cut off his head if he had a mind for it. He might tell the boy someday, but not yet. Instead he grinned and replied, holding the key up, “It’s for a chastity belt.” Armitage wrinkled his nose at that and turned to the little night table he had been using. He had a small collection of items there. Hairpins, ribbons, an old handkerchief and his book about world governments. With the large book there was barely any room for the other things. Kylo reached over Armitage and opened the drawer. He had ordered the wraiths to clean it out after Bell’s passing. He didn’t have the heart to go through all her things himself. He still had them, and perhaps he might look at them someday, but not tonight. “You can use this drawer,” said Kylo, “It’s alright, you can keep your things in there. It belongs to you.” Hux looked up at Kylo for a moment then back at the drawer. He began taking the ribbons and putting them in order before arranging them in the drawer. Kylo smiled and stroked his cheek, “And since it’s your property, I can’t open it without your permission. I’m trusting you not to put anything dangerous in there. If you can do that, we’ll see about giving you your own room to retire to.” “And…” Hux began warily, “Men’s clothing?” “Perhaps, but you have to show me I can trust you first,” reasoned Kylo. Hux nodded and finished putting away his things, giving the handkerchief a place of honour in the middle of the drawer. He closed it and looked it over. Kylo leaned over and placed a hand on his shoulders, “You know…you aren’t a vampire. You can look in any drawer or cabinet or shelf you like. You live here now, so you’re allowed to touch things and explore a little if you want.” “I’m fine with the library,” said Armitage. Kylo gave him a light nod, “If that’s what you like. Now, if you don’t mind, I’m going to get myself ready for bed.” He pulled away and stood, removing his belt and trousers along with his underclothes. He sat back down on the bed to pull away his socks. He looked at Armitage, who was as red as a tulip and looking away with wide eyes. Kylo grinned at him, “There, all set. What’s the matter darling? Too warm for you?” “You’re naked,” Hux practically hissed. “Oh, I thought I mentioned that earlier. Heat transfers better with less clothing in the way. Though you’re free to wear your nightgown if you like,” said Kylo casually. “Please put something on,” pleaded Hux. “Why? We’re both men,” said Kylo with a shrug. He turned Hux’s chin to look at his face, “Armitage, I can’t do anything to you unless you ask. You on the other hand, are a human.” Hux furrowed his brow at that, shaking his head slightly, “What are you saying?” “I’m saying you aren’t immobilized by a lack of permission. You’re just as much a man as I am, and though I’m confident I could fight you off, I’m trusting you with this as well,” explained Kylo, very seriously. Hux closed his eyes and shook his head slightly, “You’re trusting me with your body and yet you still won’t let me wear trousers.” Kylo laughed slightly at that, “I’m trusting you with this, and perhaps someday you might return the favor.” Hux moved away, “That’s flattering but I can’t…look at you like that.” Kylo stood to move to his own side of the bed. He settled in and covered himself, “Why exactly can’t you look dearest? If it’s for my sake you needn’t worry. If it’s for yours…that’s a different story altogether now, isn’t it?” The boy hazarded looking over his shoulder and glancing at Kylo before turning. His lovely little human glowing in the firelight. He couldn’t remember if his own skin had glowed like that, but now it was so ashen it didn’t catch the light the way Hux’s did. He grinned slightly, “Well, time for bed darling. Aren’t you going to wear your pretty nightgown?” “With you…watching?” asked Hux, “And naked?” “I don’t see why not,” said Kylo with a slight shrug, “Is something wrong darling?” Hux bit his lip slightly before shaking his head, “I’m sleeping in my clothes tonight.” “Are you?” asked Kylo. The boy nodded and lifted the blankets, “Mm-hm.” “Seems a bit uncomfortable,” said the vampire, moving closer to the side of the bed it seemed the human had claimed for himself, “You’re a surprisingly shy little thing, aren’t you?” “I’m in a strange castle, in a strange bed, next to a naked vampire, and I’m wearing a frock,” said Hux, settling against the pillows, “I’d say that’s reason enough to be nervous.” “I don’t think so,” said Kylo softly, reaching a hand over and stroking his human’s warm face, “Now come a little closer dear, I can’t feel your warmth from there.” “But you’re…” Hux began to protest. “It’s alright. I could tickle your back, rub your belly, give your backside a little massage,” offered Kylo. He trailed his fingers down to Hux’s shoulder, “I’m told I give very good massages once my hands warm up.” “I don’t think…” Hux began again. “Shh…it’s alright…” hushed Kylo, inching closer, “You can keep your clothes on, though it’s better without them.” He placed a hand over his human’s stomach and rubbed it gently. He propped himself up on an elbow so he could watch Hux as he ran his hand over the human’s abdomen and torso, “See? It’s alright…Am I the first one to touch you like this?” “Yes…” Hux admitted. Kylo cuddled close, “It’s nothing to be afraid of. See? Nothing bad is happening. You can see my hand, and you can see it’s not going anywhere you don’t want it to.” He’d never had to teach a human how to accept touch before. They were social creatures, raised in family groups. Kylo recalled from his own upbringing that there was always plenty of touch. Not just grooming but as a way of conveying a purely platonic affection. It had occurred to him that Hux may have never been cuddled or kissed by a parental figure. His friends might have patted him on the head or given him hugs, but this sort of affection was probably strange for the poor boy. He probably didn’t know how to tell the difference between an intimate, but non-sexual touch and one meant to stimulate. Kylo nuzzled him, “My mother would give me touches like this all the time. And I stayed so little that she felt it was alright to cuddle me like this well into my fifties. I loved her very much…” “I was told I had a mother,” said Hux quietly. He stayed quiet for a time. Kylo continued moving his hand, trying to be reassuring, “Did you know anything about her, darling? In little towns like that everyone knows everyone else’s business. Did anyone ever tell you about her?” “My step-father told me…he said I killed her…” Kylo stopped his movements to give his human a little embrace, “It couldn’t have been your fault, you would have been so small…” “But that’s all I knew,” Hux confessed, looking up at Kylo. He looked very much like he had before he started weeping and wishing he could go home. It was alright. His human had been through so much. If he needed to cry, Kylo would let him cry. “It wasn’t your fault,” repeated Kylo. “He would say I killed her and he would hit me,” said Hux, his voice becoming choked as he continued what was no doubt a long-bottled up confession, “And when that stopped making me cry he started to hit the dog, and when that stopped he found something else and…He said all I’m good for is getting other people hurt.” “Now you know that’s not true. You saved your friend, you didn’t hurt her at all,” assured Kylo. “All I ever knew about my mother was that it was my fault she died,” said Hux. He closed his eyes, “Nothing but bad luck…” “The person who said those things to you was a bad man,” said Kylo, taking hold of his human’s clenched hand, “Good men don’t beat children like that. I promise nobody will ever hit you like that again.” “You’re supposed to be the monster,” said Hux quietly, covering his eyes with a hand, “You’re a murderer, you terrorize us…why can’t you just be a monster?” Kylo squeezed his free hand and pulled him closer, “You’ve had enough monsters to last a lifetime.” He held his human close. Everyone who was supposed to be kind to this poor child had either betrayed him or done nothing. Was this the fate of all children who were born outsiders? Kylo had control over nearly everything in the towns and villages in his territories. The politicians and lawmen enforced his laws and reported disturbances to him. He wondered how, with all his power, this had all gone on without his detection. With that added to the friends he had stolen, Kylo knew he had his own hand in the boy’s misery. “No more monsters…” said Kylo quietly, cradling his human against him. Hux moved to press himself against Kylo in turn. The vampire kept his arms around his human, “There, see, it’s alright. You’ve been very good. I’ll read to you again, and I can rub your back and brush your hair. Would you like those things, dearest?” Armitage didn’t respond. He trembled as he tried to come to terms with Kylo not being quite the monster he thought. It was a painful step, but it was a good one, it meant the simple trust that he had placed in his human was slowly being reciprocated. Hux might not be willing to take things very far, but he was allowing himself to be held, to be a little more vulnerable, and it was a very good start. Not just for bedding his pretty human, though Kylo wanted that, he was more concerned with the poor thing feeling safe and comfortable in his new home. If Kylo could become more of a friend than a jailer and executioner in the boy’s mind then Hux could be a little more at ease. He nuzzled his human and held him close, the way his mother used to hold him. *** “You can’t wear the same dress forever you know.” Hux was still laying in bed, blankets pulled up past his nose as Kylo tried not to laugh at him. They had been at this for nearly an hour, Hux insisting Kylo get dressed while he hid in the bed. Kylo on the other hand was having a wonderful time, having long since emerged from the covers and keeping the blankets pinned just out of reach of Hux’s eyes so the boy had to look at him. He chided playfully, “You’ve seen me naked, why not let me see those pretty charms of yours? You do need to get yourself dressed.” “No!” squeaked Hux, giving up his grip on the blankets to cover his eyes. Kylo kept his tone teasing and playful as he lay down over Hux and rested against the boy’s chest, “You’ve had a good look at me, it’s only fair.” Hux kept his face covered and shook his head. Kylo shook his head and let go of the blankets, “Alright, you can change clothes the way you’ve always done.” “Maybe nobody told you, but humans don’t like being seen naked like that,” protested Hux haughtily, covering up his whole body, hiding himself in the bed. Kylo went to the wardrobe and selected some clothes for himself. He had a meeting, but it was with that awful she-wolf, so he didn’t have to make himself any more presentable than usual. The question was what was to be done with Armitage. He supposed it would be best to keep the boy locked in his bedroom. He knew the werewolves would do nothing to harm his human within his home. They were naturally averse to killing humans. Being human apart from a few nights a month they considered both humans and wolves as their people, not prey. They wouldn’t hurt the boy unless they felt it was necessary for their own defence. Hux on the other hand was easily frightened, timid as a little rabbit now that he had no guns or blades to defend himself. Exposing him to werewolves was almost certain to upset him. As he dressed he wondered if it would be possible to lock him in the library. If the human decided to wander out and run into a wolf he would panic. He glanced over at the bed, “I have a meeting today, a scheduled one this time. If I left you alone in the library would you promise not to come out?” “Why?” asked Hux, peering out from under the blankets once Kylo was adequately covered. “The people visiting are like myself. Ones who you’ve no doubt been taught to fear. You can stay here where you’ll be bolted in and secure, or you can go to the library. There aren’t any locks on those doors so people can come and go as they will. I don’t think anyone would bother you, but it won’t be as safe as staying here,” explained Kylo. “I can’t come with you?” Kylo turned around and watched the boy slip out from under the duvet and smooth out his wrinkled dress, “I wouldn’t interrupt, but I’d like to listen.” The vampire arched his brow at that, “Why?” “I want to learn more, if I can,” said Hux plainly, “You were right when I said I was ignorant and didn’t understand things, so I want to learn.” “You’ll be in a room with werewolves. Can you handle that?” asked Kylo, “I’ll be there to protect you but I do have many things to discuss with them, and we can’t have you suddenly screaming or panicking in the middle of it.” “I’m not afraid of wolves,” said Hux, crossing his arms slightly, “I’ve been shooting them as long as I’ve been driving a coach.” “Do not tell Phasma that,” ordered Kylo, “Under no circumstances bring up that you’ve killed wolves. Even if they weren’t werewolves I promise it will put her in a foul mood, and she’s difficult enough when she’s in good humour…So you’re a good shot then?” “For long or dangerous trips there’s two of us. One to drive and one to keep an eye out for wolves and highwaymen,” explained Hux. The corner of his mouth picked up slightly, “I can do both at the same time though.” It was the closest to a genuine smile the boy had come to since he’d arrived. Kylo smiled back at him, though he wasn’t sure he ought to encourage Hux when he mentioned doing anything violent. He finished with his shirt and waistcoat before patting Hux on the head, “You’ll fight wolves and vampires but you’re terrified of another man seeing your bare backside.” The smile disappeared and Hux glowered up at him, “Am I allowed to sit and listen or not?” “I don’t know, should I let a human with a known violent streak against wolves and tried to murder a vampire sit in on a sensitive business meeting?” asked Kylo, “I think it might be better for you if you stayed locked up, for your own safety as well as ours.” “You said I’m like your bride, which makes me the lady of the house,” reasoned Hux, “Which means I ought to serve tea and coffee.” Kylo wanted to protest. He wanted to say that if he had ever accidentally shot and injured a member of Phasma’s pack there would be trouble. However, an image of his sweet little human being docile, serving tea with that wisp of a smile on his lips completely overrode his judgement. He sighed, “There’s a cask of rabbit’s blood in the pantry that I can have. The wolves will want raw meat, and they’ll resent it if you look disgusted about it. You can serve, but you’ll stay within arm’s reach of me at all times, do you understand?” Hux nodded eagerly and went to pick up the blue dress. Kylo watched him perform his usual dressing ritual, pulling the bodice down to his waist and sliding the fresh dress overtop of the old one. He arched his brow and asked, “Why are you so interested in all this?” “I’m tired of crying. I didn’t mean to blubber. I’m just trying to do something with myself, something productive,” replied Hux, stepping out of the old dress and smoothing out the new one. “Last night you asked why I couldn’t just be a monster,” said Kylo, “And I can’t quite figure out whether that means you hate me less, or if you still want to hurt me.” Armitage pursed his lips and looked away. It seemed he either wasn’t able or willing to answer the question. Kylo moved in a little closer and held the boy by his shoulders, “Because I’m still very fond of you. Even if you don’t understand, I still love you.” The boy visibly flinched at the word and pulled away, “I know where the pantry is…I doubt I’ll ever forget. I’ll go get things ready.” *** “Dog.” “Bat.” Phasma strode into the hall flanked by her sentry. The alpha werewolf looked about the entrance hall with all of its portraits and armour. She let out a disdainful huff, “No new friends I see.” “And yours is tracking mud,” noted Kylo, equally displeased. The wolf who followed Phasma seemed new and Kylo inhaled to assess him. Phasma gave of the revolting stench of smugness, but the other two were giving him nerves and tension, much the way Armitage was when he whipped himself into an angry mood. These two seemed more cautious though. By all outward appearances they didn’t look like wolves, but they still seemed like an odd pair. Phasma wore men’s clothing on principle, finding them more comfortable and that she was seen as more of an authority figure in a suit than she was in a dress. Her sentry was black which was sure to draw the attention of the many small towns and farms in the area. If a redhead like Armitage was seen as an exotic oddity he could only imagine what someone with different skin would be subjected to. The man looked down at his feet and turned slightly, as if he meant to backtrack to the mat at the entrance. “Finn, I didn’t tell you to fall back,” called Phasma. Her sentry, clearly opposed to the order, obeyed his leader anyhow turning back and giving Kylo an awkward look. Phasma smiled at him. In spite of her suit she always sported bright red lipstick, as a reminder to any onlooker that she was a woman in spite of her cropped blond hair and men’s attire. Phasma had always done that, trying to project authority without masking or hiding her gender. She walked up to Kylo, unafraid and undeterred, “I’ll get straight to the point, we took what was fair, and we will continue to take what is fair.” “I agree completely with you getting your fair dues, but I disagree with you deciding that on your own and taking it without leave,” said Kylo, gritting his teeth behind his lips when he was done speaking, “Shall we continue in my study.” Phasma sniffed the air. She paused and looked about, “Why do I smell gunpowder?” “Because someone fired a gun recently,” said Kylo, “Obviously.” “And why did someone fire a gun?” asked Phasma. “None of your business,” said Kylo with a smile, “You can join me in my study, or I can drag you there.” “You’d die trying,” said Phasma sweetly, “Finn, come.” The other wolf seemed resentful of being ordered like a common dog. He was probably going to do something stupid eventually. Kylo could only imagine what. Until then though, he seemed firmly under Phasma’s thumb. “So how is the human you keep here, the one with the needlework,” asked Phasma. Kylo’s smile faded, “She died of consumption some time ago.” Phasma faltered slightly at that, “It’s a pity…she was a kind girl. I would have liked to see her again. I suppose you have someone new then.” “I do, and it’s a comfort to have someone about,” replied Kylo. “Well, I’ll go introduce myself,” said Phasma, breezing past him towards the study. Kylo followed, eyes wide at the thought of his Armitage alone with Phasma, “Not alone you’re not!” Kylo moved quickly to catch up with her, wanting under no circumstances for Hux to be left alone with a wolf. The boy might panic. Kylo couldn’t stand the thought of his human trembling in fear with nobody to comfort him. He considered himself a very physical person, he loved to hug and cuddle his humans, but wolves, being as closely related to dogs as they were, tended to be even more so. They were capable of controlling themselves, but when they became excited they latched onto people, rubbed against them, on a few occasions they even licked them. If Phasma decided she really liked Armitage… “No licking!” snapped Kylo, “No jumping! No invasive sniffing! None of that thing you do with people’s legs!” “Oh please, it’s not like I’m some common mutt. I have more control than that,” Phasma growled. “I mean it, this human isn’t like the others and startles very easily,” warned Kylo. Phasma looked at him and smirked, “Seems you really like this one. Don’t worry, she’s in good hands.” The alpha wolf opened the study and if she hadn’t been a dog Kylo could have sworn she purred when she caught sight of Armitage. He looked very lovely, standing when he heard the doors open. He stood his ground, a lot like he had when he first arrived. He was nervous, but keeping a cool head and not backing down. Phasma seemed to sense the same thing as she stepped into the room and looked the human up and down, humming appreciatively at what she saw, “Oh, you’re very tall for a girl, aren’t you. Not every day I meet a young lady I don’t need to bend in half to look in the eye.” Hux arched his brow slightly at the sight of Phasma. Admittedly she was striking with her contrasting suit and makeup. He also might have been slightly stunned at being addressed as a very tall girl. Kylo stayed within reach of her as she approached, “You’re close enough Phasma.” “I’m just saying hello,” said Phasma with mock innocence as she closed in on Armitage. She stood before him, invading his space as she did more than have a look at him. She touched his loose, red hair, settled her hands over his waist and nuzzled his face. Kylo was about to cry out in outrage when Phasma suddenly pulled back, “You’re a boy?” “Yes…” replied Hux slowly. Phasma growled and threw herself onto a sofa, crossing her arms irately over her chest, “My one consolation of visiting your godforsaken castle is getting to see a pretty girl and you have to go and ruin it for me.” “That’s a boy?” asked Finn, the other wolf. “Smell him, he stinks of male hormones,” ordered Phasma. Kylo could have sworn that the words came out sounding slightly offended by the discovery. Finn sniffed at the air and approached Hux. Hux seemed as confused by Finn as Finn was with Hux. Working in more rural areas, it was highly possible that Finn was the first person with a different skin colour that Hux had ever seen. Finn, for his part, seemed equally speechless at the sight of a man in a very pretty gown. He approached Hux the same way Phasma had, but a great deal more cautiously as he put his hands on Hux and sniffed him curiously. He pulled back, “So…why is he wearing a…?” “Because I told him to,” said Kylo, “Armitage, come here, that’s quite enough smelling from the both of you.” Hux pulled away quickly and quietly before joining Kylo, “That was strange…” “Be happy they smelled your face and not your backside,” Kylo muttered out the side of his mouth, “Now be a good boy, take care of the serving, then sit beside me and don’t leave my side.” Hux gave a slight nod and bent down near the table. Kylo’s cup of blood, which he was only going to drink for politeness sake, had already been poured, so Armitage set to work with the tea. He poured a few cups and Phasma watched curiously. Finn hesitantly took a seat beside her, equally confused as Hux continued his work. He offered Phasma a cup and she looked down at it with an arched brow, “Is he training you to be a servant-girl?” The boy furrowed his brow and shook his head, “No…it’s just there’s no men’s clothes that fit me.” Phasma accepted and watched Hux hand Finn a cup, “Because you’re the first white, human male I’ve met who hasn’t made a fuss about serving myself and my sentry.” “So long as you don’t mind being served by a red-haired bastard,” replied Hux, pushing the tray closer towards the wolves and taking his seat beside Kylo. “What’s his hair got to do with anything?” asked Phasma. “It’s some human superstition. His own kind considers him unlucky,” explained Kylo, running his fingers through the red tresses, “I think he’s perfect.” “As far as boys go he’s pretty enough, but I’m not terribly interested in men,” said Phasma, taking a sip of tea, “Finn, tell the human he’s very pretty.” Finn nearly spat out the sip of tea he had taken as he looked Hux over, “You’re…you’re very…um…you look…” “Guess he’s not his type,” muttered Phasma, “Now, back to business. We took those sheep as payment for services rendered.” She looked at Hux and grinned, “Bet your little friend didn’t know you hired wolves to mind the borders for your lazy behind.” Hux looked up at Kylo incredulously, “I thought that was the whole reason we gave you our blood!” “It is, but I can’t be at every point along the border at all times. Wolves have keener sight, have more endurance, and have a better chance of holding off an attack until I can reach the point of invasion than human farmers do,” explained Kylo. Phasma sniggered, “Oh, you’re right, that human is jumpy. Poor thing must be so uptight.” Kylo glowered at her and stroked Armitage’s hair to try to calm him down again, “I promise I don’t waste the blood I’m given.” The boy was breathing loudly through his nose and clenching his hands. This had been a terrible idea and was only going to upset his human. Kylo tried to pat his upper back but the boy shrank into the couch to cover himself. Kylo glared over at Phasma, “I’m not lazy. I’ve come running every time the alarm has sounded.” “It’s a shame you can’t keep up with your papers with the same diligence,” said Phasma, “Our pack has grown. What you’ve been paying us isn’t enough to feed us.” “I didn’t tell you to keep your bloody pack growing,” growled Kylo, reluctantly pulling his hand away, “I paid the wages that we agreed on.” “It’s been decades since the last wage negotiation. Enough for many deaths and many more births. What you pay us isn’t enough to feed our pups. If you want our continued services, we need more meat to keep our pack alive to do our work,” said Phasma, “You’re lucky we’re not asking for more coin as well.” “And why didn’t you tell me any of this before you decided to take matters into your own hands and act like a common brigand?” demanded Kylo, “The humans in the village you raided are terrified, and terrified humans are…” Kylo paused and looked down at Hux. Terrified humans were dangerous. Terrified humans fought. Terrified humans killed because their fear made them ignorant and reckless. Terrified humans were terrifying in their own right. They required the correct amounts of fear, humiliation and subjugation if they were to be governed effectively. It was the truth, but not one that Armitage would want to hear. “Stop frightening them,” finished Kylo, “It doesn’t do anyone any good.” “Well, perhaps if you would stay on top of your letters and papers, I wouldn’t have to resort to such drastic measures,” protested Phasma with mock politeness, her lip threatening to curl into a snarl. “You didn’t tell me we could write letters…” Kylo closed his eyes and turned to Armitage, “You promised to sit and listen. Please don’t interrupt.” “Why didn’t you tell me I could send a letter from here?” asked Hux. “Because you can’t ,” said Kylo, slightly more forcefully. He pursed his lips and pleaded, “Now please be quiet, Armitage. You promised to listen.” The boy wasn’t incredulous anymore. He looked hurt, betrayed even. He looked down at his lap and kept clenching his hands. Finn looked up at Phasma, confused by what was happening. He whispered discreetly to the alpha, who looked at Hux pityingly, “Are you alright dearie? Would you like Finn here to take you to another room?” Hux shook his head. Phasma seemed to be keeping herself together at the sight of the distressed human, but Finn looked like he could hardly stand it. It looked like he might jump up in an instant and rush to the boy’s side. Kylo had a theory that it was a sort of canine penchant for empathy that made werewolves soft, though Finn seemed more extreme than others. Despite his status compared to the alpha Phasma, he looked up and asked, “Are you alright?” “I’m fine, thank you,” said Hux quietly, “I’ll stop.” “Finn…” said Phasma warningly. The sentry gave a slightly exasperated look and gestured to Hux. She rolled her eyes, “My sentry is concerned about your human.” Kylo arched his brow, “He doesn’t have to be. Awfully empathetic for one of your closest men, isn’t he?” “If he weren’t such a good hunter and tracker I’d have him stay behind to mind the pups,” groaned Phasma. She looked at Finn and spoke to him harshly, “See? He can calm himself down, he’s not a pup.” Finn couldn’t seem to help staring at Hux with concern. Kylo had heard that dogs were acute to human emotions and if they had a bond with a human they felt obliged to care for them. Finn was not a dog though, and this was his first time meeting Hux, hardly enough time to form any sort of attachment. It was all very curious, but not curious enough to distract him from business. Kylo returned his attention to Phasma, “I’ve been busy, and what’s more, what I give you in exchange for your work is fair.” “It was fair thirty years ago, twenty perhaps at a stretch. In the meantime, there have been wars, revolutions, and now, in case you haven’t noticed, there’s a potato blight,” said Phasma more adamantly, “We don’t need a lot on the border, but what we have right now isn’t enough.” “I’ll go through some calculations and adjust for inflation, but if you ever attack a human farm again there will be trouble,” warned Kylo, wanting to end the meeting as quickly as possible. He looked over at his human, being consoled by a werewolf of all creatures. It ought to have been him. He couldn’t help being jealous where his humans were concerned. He petted the boy’s hair as he continued to listen. “Then perhaps we need a different way of getting your attention,” retorted Phasma, “Because writing doesn’t seem to be working. And we don’t seem to be the only ones, seeing as your hallway stinks of gunpowder. Who’s trying to kill you?” “Nobody. I took care of the assailant,” said Kylo, feeling Hux flinch slightly under his hand at the mention of gunpowder, “Now is that all you wanted?” “If I could get your confirmation in writing, then yes,” replied Phasma, crossing her arms. “You know, I could probably hire a smaller band to do the same work for less wages,” observed Kylo warningly. He took a sip of blood before he continued, which caused his human to inch away slightly. Kylo supposed given the boy’s last close encounter with rabbit’s blood, he really shouldn’t have been surprised by the reaction, “If this happens again, I’m going to look for other mercenaries. And you will give recompense to the humans you robbed. If you don’t I’ll dismiss you here and now.” “You’re their lord, why don’t you compensate them?” demanded Phasma, “They might hate you a little less if you showed them you weren’t a complete bastard.” She looked over at Hux, “No offense, dearie.” “Because as angry as they might be, I consider myself quite safe. You lot on the other hand are exposed to them. I can’t have my humans attacking my guards, so stop dragging your feet and make nice with them, or else,” warned Kylo. “Well, with all that settled, I hope we won’t have to have this conversation again,” said Phasma, plucking a slice of meat from the platter and popping it into her mouth. Hux shrank back when he caught sight of a row of sharp teeth behind her rouged lips. “And I hope we won’t have to have another conversation in general,” Kylo shot back with mock sweetness. He wasn’t going to be kind or forgiving, not with the way Phasma had tried to drive a wedge between him and his human. He reached over and stroked Hux’s hair. The boy didn’t move this time, accepting the gesture, and he seemed calmer. The revelation about werewolf border guards and not being able to write letters must have just upset him a little, but he seemed to have recovered. “So, how’d you get your hands on a boy? I thought you only got those if there was war or some other disaster going on,” asked Phasma more casually. “He volunteered,” said Kylo, pulling the boy closer against him, “His name is Armitage.” It didn’t take Phasma long to make the connection between the twenty something year old boy, a French invasion from a little over twenty years ago, and a French name. Finn on the other hand didn’t seem to think anything of the name outside of the exotic sound of it. “Now, Finn, that’s an interesting name. Is that the name you’ve always had or did you take it when you were turned?” asked Kylo. “Neither. I took it when I became a free man,” said Finn, reaching for his tea. “Oh…” said Kylo, slightly awkwardly. He hadn’t been expecting that answer and had no response to it. What could he say, really? There weren’t sufficient words to express sympathy, and less to apologize for not assisting more to bring slavery to a quicker end. He’d been present when his own current home nation abolished slavery, but it still existed in other countries. He hardly wanted to ask Finn about his past, since it was probably nothing but pain. He wasn’t normally one to be at a loss for words, but there seemed to be nothing he could say… “Finn’s been with us for a few years. He was alone, so we took him in. He wasn’t turned either, he’s been a wolf since birth,” explained Phasma, “How long have you had the boy for?” “Almost a week,” said Kylo, noting the stunned way Finn looked over at the alpha when she asked that question. He tried to change the subject, “Adjusting is a little difficult for him, but he’s been very sweet recently.” “It’s alright dearie. He’s a lout but at the very least he takes good care of his humans,” said Phasma, “And I’ve yet to hear any of them complain about the sex.” Hux turned several shades of red and Kylo kissed the crown of his head, “He’s not quite ready for that, Phasma.” “Poor thing seems so shy,” said Phasma with a slight laugh. She became slightly more serious as she asked, “Does the Tsar know he volunteered?” Kylo nodded, “He’s been informed of the change. So long as the tax is paid I don’t think he should mind it. And I think if he saw my little Armitage he would understand why I decided to keep him.” Chapter 12 Notes: It's a sloooooooow burn. Twelve chapters in, a word count that would qualify for nanowrimo and we finally have something go on between the two of them. Might not be terribly sexy, but it's something! (sorry for being a few hours late) Finn kept his eye on Hux for the duration of the meeting. Kylo couldn’t help noticing the sympathy and pity in the werewolf’s expression as he and Phasma discussed more idle things now that business had been dealt with. He wondered if Finn saw this as something like his own situation. As loathe as Kylo was to admit, there were similarities. Armitage wasn’t allowed to come and go as he pleased, and was considered Kylo’s property, but the vampire tried to convince himself otherwise. It was different. Hux was many things but Kylo was positive he wasn’t treating the boy like a slave. He lived comfortably, he was being educated, so it was different. Kylo tried to think of that and ignore the feelings of discomfort in the pit of his stomach. To emphasize the point to himself he tucked the boy against him and stroked his hair idly. He made good on his promise to be quiet and hadn’t uttered a peep since asking about letters. Armitage was his sweet companion, he’d chosen to be here. Granted, the alternative was death, but the boy had still made his own choice. It was different. He hid his uncertainties behind a pleasant smile and let his hand dip lower, rubbing Hux’s slim waist idly. “Your human’s asleep,” noted Phasma, snorting slightly. Kylo looked down, he hadn’t even noticed. He supposed Armitage only wanted to hear about how the territory was run and when the conversation changed to hunting and tracking preferences he had drifted off. Literally. The vampire shifted to get a better look and the boy dropped into his lap. Kylo snorted, stifling a laugh of his own as he ran his hand up and down the boy’s back. “He was jumpy at first, but he seems sweet enough,” said Phasma. She looked at Kylo incredulously, “I can’t believe there are humans who actually volunteer to come to this place.” Kylo shrugged, “He did.” He considered continuing the story, explaining that Hux volunteered to save a childhood friend. When he thought about it though it made him think about the needling truth that Hux was not here out of love for him or that he had come without his own reasons in mind. It was an exchange, one life for another, and that fact wasn’t going to change even if the boy eventually fell in love with him. “What did you promise him?” asked Phasma, sniggering slightly, “Can’t have been money, that’s useless to him now. Probably wasn’t sex either with the way he blushes.” “It’s really none of your business,” said Kylo dryly, stroking his human like a large cat, “But rest assured, he’s been compensated for his service.” Compensation, his friend’s freedom in exchange for his captivity, he had given Armitage something as compensation for staying, payment after a fashion, so it was really more like indentured servitude than slavery. The boy wasn’t his slave. He continued to pet his human, gently rubbing from his shoulders to his backside in long strokes. “I’ve been teaching him to read, and he’s getting used to being dressed up,” explained Kylo, “He’ll have to wear dresses until…well until we get some clothes made for him.” He wasn’t about to tell Phasma where the gunpowder smell in the front hall had really come from and that wearing dresses was both due to practicality and as a punishment. He patted the boy’s rump and looked over at Phasma, who seemed to be amused by the display, though Finn was far less comfortable with it. “It’s actually nice getting along like this,” said Kylo, patting a little more firmly, “Armitage, wake up dearest.” The boy woke up and bolted upright so quickly he nearly head-butted Kylo in the nose. He looked about sheepishly before sinking back into the seat slightly. Phasma looked at Kylo, “We don’t get along like this because you keep procrastinating with your mail.” “You say that like you’re the only agents I have dealings with. Your concerns aren’t always the most pressing thing happening in this territory, Phasma,” snapped Kylo. “What if I helped?” Kylo looked at Hux and the human shrugged, “Most human officials have secretaries who read and sort their mail. What if I did that?” Kylo looked down at Hux, grateful for the offer, but Armitage being the one making the offer left several complications. Least of which was, “Dearest, it takes you an hour to read two or three pages.” “What about when I got better at it?” asked Hux. Kylo pursed his lips before asking quietly, “Can we discuss it later, darling?” He didn’t want to cause a scene by telling the boy that humans in his house weren’t allowed to read or write letters. He seemed so hopeful about it, Kylo didn’t want to upset him again, especially in front of company. If he let the boy read about goings on in his town or the outside world while he was obliged to stay inside it would only upset him. As useful as it would have been to have someone sort his mail and tell him all of the most important parts, he wasn’t going to let Armitage pine over his former home. Humans were always so miserable when they pined. Kylo recalled the last girl he permitted to write letters. She would actually wait by the door, obsessed with it, waiting for someone to knock and deliver letters. She was almost a madwoman, standing in front of the door as if her waiting there might make a difference. She kept all her letters tightly packaged together, reading them over and over as she hoped to get another one. When weeks would pass without hearing anything she would be inconsolable. It had been horrible, painful to watch, and that was when Kylo resolved never to let one of his humans touch a pen again. Hux nodded and Kylo kissed near his jaw. Phasma grinned slightly, “I think it’s a good idea. Even if it’s not him doing it, you could probably make good use of a secretary.” “Just what I need, more human bureaucrats to keep track of…” muttered Kylo. He had enough trouble with the ones he currently had. He kept an arm around Hux, stroking his hair as he continued, “A few days ago I found out one of my bailiffs was tormenting a helpless young boy. I try to keep tabs on all of them but I can’t be everywhere at once and I do everything myself.” “Yes, poor you in your fancy castle, living off the fat of the land,” said Phasma sarcastically before looking at Hux, “No offense dearie, you’re actually very slim.” Hux arched his brow slightly and let Kylo pull him against his shoulder. The vampire looked up, “Well, if you’re going to just speak abuse to me and eat my food, perhaps you should leave.” “I don’t mind, since you haven’t got a pretty girl to keep me company,” said Phasma, popping another slice of meat into her mouth as she rose, “Come on Finn, let’s not set the old bat into a tizzy.” Finn looked over at Hux. It was clear he wanted to say something, but was obliged to be silent unless his pack’s alpha allowed him to do otherwise. It was likely something he highly resented due to his background, and possibly not something he knew he was in store for when he joined a pack for the first time. Curious, Kylo asked, “Dearest, would you help the wraiths clean up? I know you don’t like them much, but if you do this little thing for me I’ll read to you.” Hux grimaced slightly and rose, arranging teacups on a tray. Kylo looked at Finn, “You wouldn’t mind making sure he does this little chore for me, would you?” Finn looked at Phasma, who dismissed him with a wave of a hand. Kylo went to the door and smiled at Phasma, “And you can get out of my house.” “It’s fine, I don’t like your house much anyways,” said Phasma, equally sweetly. Phasma breezed past him and Kylo shut the door behind her, keeping it open a crack. He ought to be able to hear even if the door was closed but he felt better with it open. He wanted to know what the wolf thought of his human, if he really thought Kylo was some sort of wicked slave-master. He also wanted to know what his human might say in the face of such accusations. He could hear Finn’s voice as he walked behind Phasma, pretending to escort her, “Do you want to be here?” “Sorry?” “Do you want to be here, yes or no.” Kylo heard a long silence after that. Kylo felt an emptiness in the pit of his stomach. At least…at least Hux was hesitating, not saying ‘no’ right away anymore, or saying that he was obliged to stay. Kylo supposed he could take some comfort in that. “If you get a chance to write, send a message to someone you can trust then ask them to find Poe Dameron. Remember that name and he’ll find a way to get you out.” “You don’t understand, I can’t leave. I have something I need to do here.” It was an interesting answer. Hux wasn’t even mentioning that another life hung in the balance. He needed to stay because he had something to accomplish. It was not the answer he was expecting, and he had to admit that he was grateful Hux wasn’t immediately hatching a scheme with the wolf. Perhaps he really was changing. He wasn’t sure he liked the answer though. Hux wanted to stay because he had something to do, but not because he had any sort of love for him or his home. “Is that why you volunteered? You have a plan?” “Nothing solid…but I think I can do more here than I can out there.” There was another pause before Finn spoke again, “Remember, Poe Dameron. In case you change your mind.” “Is he the one who helped you?” Kylo could hear the smile in Finn’s voice, “Yeah, he got me out. He specializes in this sort of thing, and he’s one hell of a getaway driver.” That seemed to be the end of their conversation. Finn stepped out of the room moments later and walked by Kylo without a second look. Kylo took in the scent of the air and couldn’t get a trace of nerves off of him at all. The werewolf had just given his human possible means of escape and he walked by, cool as a fall morning as if nothing had happened. The wolf was gutsy, he’d probably done this exact same thing before. Phasma seemed none the wiser as well. “You spent an awful lot of time with that human. Perhaps he was your type after all,” said Phasma, bordering on being stern. “We had one or two things in common,” replied Finn. “Well isn’t that sweet,” said Phasma irately, “We’ve got a long run back to the border.” “You didn’t ride?” asked Kylo. “You think either of us could get anywhere near a horse without it rearing up and screaming? You must be joking,” replied Phasma, “We’re wolves. We prefer to run anyways.” Finn grimaced in a way that clearly said, ‘ She prefers to run…’ Perhaps the one who ought to be giving them that Dameron fellow another call was Finn. He clearly disliked his experience of being in a pack, or at least Phasma’s pack. He could just imagine the look on the poor wolf’s face when he realized joining a wolf pack was not the way he might have imagined it. Kylo had heard of them, wolves who preferred to live by themselves or with one or two companions, but they were supposed to be rare. Or perhaps he liked his pack just fine but would have preferred taking care of all the little pups instead of running around the countryside. Kylo sighed slightly. It never seemed fair. He knew for a system of plants and animals to function there needed to be less predators than prey. If vampires outnumbered everything else, nothing would be able to survive. There needed to be few of them, and yet, for other predators, ones with shorter lives, they all seemed to be able to have children when they wanted them. The wolves had more puppies than they could handle, and here he was, trying for hundreds of years to have a single child… “Right, well, don’t kill anything on your way back,” said Kylo, stepping into his corner to avoid the light. He pause and mumbled to Phasma, “Actually…that Bailiff I mentioned. If you see any well to do humans trying to cross, stop them, but be discreet about it. I want a word with that one. I’ll send you something with his scent on it.” Phasma shrugged, “So long as you actually pay us for it.” Armitage came rushing out upon hearing the sound of the door being opened. It must have been a very grey day outside because the light wasn’t so blinding. Hux rushed to the door, looking out and taking deep breaths of fresh air. Phasma cocked her brow and looked him over, “What are you doing?” Once he realized he was being watched, Hux stepped out of the way slightly, “I’m holding the door.” “Well, aren’t you a sweetie,” said Phasma, patting Hux’s head. *** “Hux, what did the wolf say to you?” Hux had retrieved his book and was scurrying off, probably to the library, to read it when Kylo stopped him. He kept his face neutral, passive, as if he didn’t care one way or the other about an answer. Armitage, for his part, gave a little shrug and said, “Nothing really.” “He said something, I heard voices. I’m just curious about what he said to you, darling,” said Kylo, trying to coax an answer out of Hux without seeming pushy. He knew exactly what the wolf had said. Ideally Kylo would have loved for the human to repeat everything verbatim and reaffirm his desire to stay. Hux didn’t do that though. He looked up at Kylo, as indifferent as he had seemed before and said, “He just talked to me, that’s all.” So that was what he was going to stick to. It was upsetting, but the boy might have tried lying to him, saying nothing was said at all. Hux looked away and added, “He told me about the man who helped him escape. Are there…are there slaves in this country? I didn’t think there were.” “No,” said Kylo, “That was abolished about a hundred years ago.” “So you don’t think having serfs or blood tax or the wraiths is slavery,” said Hux. “The wraiths exist to serve. If they had no master, they would die,” explained Kylo, “And while serfs don’t keep what they grow, they are compensated for their work, while slaves work for nothing. And while I don’t pay you a wage, even if we didn’t have our deal one of those gowns you wear is probably worth more than you would make in a month. It isn’t as if I’m giving you nothing.” Armitage didn’t argue, but the look on his face made it clear that he didn’t think the answer a very satisfactory one. Kylo shrugged, “Would you prefer it if I paid you a salary? I thought giving you things you could use would be better.” “It’s not that…even if you did I wouldn’t be allowed to write to send away for anything,” replied Hux quietly, “I suppose I ought to have known but…why can’t I write to anybody?” Perhaps this was his ploy all along. String the conversation around, make it seem natural, and then try to weasel a pen and paper out of him so the boy could write to this Poe Dameron person. Kylo arched his brow and crossed his arms, “Because I said so – that really ought to be all the answer that you need.” “I just want to know why,” said Hux adamantly, clutching his book to his chest, “I know it won’t change anything, I only want to know why I’m not allowed.” Kylo sighed through his nose, “I used to allow it until waiting for letters drove one girl to madness and letters brought nothing but misery for every girl before her. I’m not going to let you because I don’t want you to spend the rest of your life pining by the front door.” Hux pursed his lips, “I never got to say goodbye to anybody. If…If someone wrote something to me, could I write them back? Just to say goodbye. I’d tell them not to write to me again.” Kylo gave Hux a stern look, “If someone writes to you, you are to show me the letter. If you write back, you are to show me that letter before it’s sent. I think that’s fair, given your history. I can’t have you sending away for holy water or garlic.” Hux nodded, “That’s fair, I suppose.” Kylo watched him and sniffed the air. Hux didn’t seem like he was lying, and the sound of his heart wasn’t excited enough to be setting up a conspiracy. By all appearances, the boy truly wanted the chance to write back to anyone who happened to write to him. Still, the conversation followed to close on the heels of being instructed on how to contact someone who might steal him away for Kylo not to be suspicious of him. It was true that the knowledge that he wasn’t allowed to send letters was sprung on him at almost the same time, so it would have been on the boy’s mind, but it was too much of a coincidence for Kylo to dismiss it. He had to find a way to make the boy feel attached to this place, attached to him, before he decided to try to run away. Kylo didn’t think he would, not if his friend’s life was at risk in any way, but if he had a chance to coordinate, to make sure they both got away, the boy might do something foolish. Young ones were best because they were hardy enough to endure multiple bleeding sessions, but young humans were often inclined towards stupidity on a spectacular scale. “How does mail get delivered anyhow?” asked Hux. “That’s really nothing you need to know,” said Kylo firmly, “If something comes for you I’ll tell you.” Hux furrowed his brow. He seemed to realize that Kylo was being much stricter about the mail than he was about other things. He wasn’t moving though, looking at Kylo as if waiting for some sort of further explanation. He received a question instead, “Are you heading to the library then?” “I was looking for you,” admitted Hux, holding the book out, “If you’re not busy, you can read faster than me…and you promised you would read to me again.” Kylo sighed. He had promised, but it was such a boring book. He might be able to make it more interesting though, “Well, I’d much rather read in the bedroom, and you’ll have to lie very still for me again.” “You’re going to touch me?” asked Hux. “Just to cuddle. You’re perfectly irresistible when you lie against me,” said Kylo, moving forward to wrap his hands around the boy. He took his time, giving Hux plenty of time to protest or move away if he wanted, but the boy stayed firm and childishly pressed his book against Kylo. He smiled at his sweet little human, “What a curious boy you are, just like a little kitten. But you must remember to be cautious. I have my rules for a reason. There’s no need to question and learn every detail about everything. If you try your head will explode.” He kept an arm around Hux’s waist as he led him away, “But before we do that…I’d like for you to help me in the attic.” “There’s an attic?” asked Hux. “Yes…I keep many things up there, things that aren’t always pleasant for me to look at, but I think you need to see it. I think it might help you understand,” said Kylo, holding the boy tightly. “You’re shaking…” Hux observed, looking up at Kylo fretfully. “I usually do before I go up there. There’s a lot of memories up there,” replied Kylo quietly. They were memories that Kylo did not want to forget, but that upset him terribly. All of his former companion’s belongings were stored there. Part of it was practicality. It was useful to have several sizes of gowns on hand, and other things that human women might like to have. But there were other things too. Unmistakable, personal things that had no use to Kylo or anyone else whatsoever. It was painful for him to look at all of it. There were so many things, so many companions. Sometimes he forgot just how many there had been. Then he would look out over the crowded attic and realize just how many humans he had taken. It was something Hux needed to see though, for his own sake. Perhaps seeing how many humans had come before might help him accept the inevitability of things, but also that it didn’t have to be sad. The number might shock him, but evidence of happy times within the castle walls might also do him some good. He had kept Bell’s handkerchief, and had seen Valeria’s smiling face in the sketchbook. He had to understand on some level that the women Kylo had taken had some happiness before the end. It was also a risk. The sight might be too much for the poor human to handle. Kylo needed to phrase everything correctly. He had to make sure that Hux understood that this was a sign of trust, letting him see and touch irreplaceable things that had become so precious. In any case it was almost certain to end in tears, but it might give the boy a small sense of home, that his friends who had come before were still missed, loved and had their presence here. “I have many precious things up here,” explained Kylo as a trap door was lowered, “I had this addition built to house them. They’re important to me but…if it’s too upsetting for you, we can go and you never have to come back. I just thought you might want to see it.” “What’s up there?” asked Hux nervously, looking up into the inky blackness. “Things,” said Kylo quietly, “Many different things. I can’t walk on consecrated ground so…I keep things so I won’t completely forget. It’s the closest thing I have to being able to visit them.” Hux took a slight step back, “Their…their old things are…” “You have Bell’s handkerchief,” noted Kylo, “And you mentioned others. I thought…perhaps you might like to keep some other mementos. I know you’ll be careful with them. They’re very precious to me.” “Nastasia, Dasha, Veronika, Katya and Sasha…” said the boy quietly. He looked up at Kylo, “Why are you showing me this?” “Because I want you to understand that I did love them despite what I had to do,” replied the vampire, taking his human’s hand, “And because I understand now that it’s foolish for me to try to make you forget what I took from you. I want you to have other reasons to want to say other than avoiding death…and I want you to believe me, Armitage.” Kylo added in his thoughts, ‘And I don’t want you to leave me.’ It was despicable, it was manipulative, it had its self-serving purposes, but Kylo also knew that this was something Hux might want to see someday, or something he might need to see, so why not now? If it made his little human even more inclined to stay it suited Kylo’s interests, there wasn’t too much harm. So long as it wasn’t the only reason Kylo was certain he could make things right in his mind. Yes, why should he feel badly about it? It was a good deal better than waiting for the boy to do something regretful or letting him go about thinking Kylo was a callus person who made a habit of forgetting names on purpose. Especially the names of humans who had been so dear to him. Hux hitched his skirts around his legs and slowly began to climb the ladder. Kylo followed after once he had disappeared into the dark. When a lantern was lit Kylo’s stomach churned. It really was like a graveyard. There were stacks upon stacks of belongings, piled up like a dragon’s horde. Hux clasped his hands over his mouth as he took in the scope of it all, and Kylo couldn’t blame him. Faces returned to his mind, good, kind women who had smiled at him and whispered words of love before he bled them for the last time. Miserable, melancholy ones pleading to end their suffering. Sickly faces, plague sores and blood on handkerchiefs, lies that they would get well soon, before helping them sleep forever. Hux took a step forward and looked over the room, large and long as any hall. He looked over all the things, “There’s so much…” “I know,” said Kylo quietly. He wasn’t ashamed of what he was, or what he had to do in order to stay alive, and his humans had always understood that, but when he saw this room he always felt his stomach twist and turn. He didn’t like remembering how much it had always hurt in the end. Outside this room, away from these things he could pretend the sadness at the very end never happened, but when he saw so many things with no owners to claim them there was nothing he could do to deny what had happened and what he had done. It wasn’t murder. He refused to call it murder. He was under oath. It was just the way things were. It wasn’t his fault. He couldn’t fight it. He never had a choice. “I can recall faces, when I see these things,” said Kylo. He shook his head slightly, “There’s just so many…some of the names just won’t come anymore. I know it sounds cruel to you, but it’s been hundreds of years…I can’t remember all of them. I try, but some of them won’t stay in my mind.” Hux looked about, “Where’s Sasha?” Kylo nodded his head in the direction of where newer things were stored. He found a place to sit by the ladder, “Do you understand now?” Hux walked through, stepping gingerly around piles of personal affects. Kylo watched him, trying to ignore everything else in the room. He was the only thing in the room that was alive, warm and full of feelings. If he looked at the other things he remembered good things, but it was painful. There was Teresa, with all her little gardening tools. A glance at stacks of sheet music made him recall a blonde girl who was always singing and had a curious habit of bursting into song when she felt things were too quiet. He spotted a very old mandolin, and recalled a brunette girl who used to let him lie in her lap while she played for him. He kept his eyes on Hux. Everything else in the room brought back too many memories, too painfull to remember. The boy paused and Kylo guessed he must have found what he had been looking for. He stopped and Kylo saw him wipe his eyes before he ducked out of sight. Kylo got up and walked over, standing by Hux and trying not to look out over the room, “You know her things that well?” Hux shook his head, and his voice cracked as he explained, “I know her trunk…from when I hid on top of the carriage.” Kylo nodded and sat beside him. It was easy for him not to cry when there was someone else present. If he had come up alone he might have broken down sobbing by now. He couldn’t completely hide his feelings, but he felt he had to stay a little strong for his human. Kylo undid the latch and opened it, “She brought this with her…I was nervous because I couldn’t open it to see if she hadn’t smuggled something dangerous in. She spent the first few days being upset because I wouldn’t let her have it.” Hux wiped at his eyes, “She was really angry when Mister Fyodor dropped it once, and she scolded me for laughing.” “Well, this is what was inside,” said Kylo, carefully opening the lid. More than a score of porcelain eyes peered back at them through the lantern light. Kylo gave a soft laugh and shook his head, “All that trouble over dolls. She was afraid I would do something cruel like break them in front of her if she allowed me to open her trunk. They were all wrapped up carefully in paper and cloth…” “I didn’t know…” said Armitage quietly, looking at the china figurines of ladies doing various things. They were all painted in bright, pastel colours with beautiful gowns as they stood frozen in time. One of them carrying a basket of flowers, another stooping to pet a little dog. There were a few real dolls as well. Kylo picked it up, a little red haired boy, “I gave her a few of them. I gave her this one…I think it was a week or so after she settled in. I got it for her because I liked how it looked and thought she might as well. I didn’t know you at the time but, I suppose now I understand why she was so fond of it.” He handed the doll to Hux, who seemed nothing but a little mess of feelings now. Hux took it and clutched it to his chest. He didn’t make any noise and Kylo understood the reason all too well. If he spoke, everything he was bottling up would come rushing out. He was barely containing his tears as it was. Kylo tried to soothe him, “It…it looks a little like you I think.” He patted Hux’s hair and could feel the boy shivering and tensing as he tried to control himself. He wasn’t sure what else he could say or do while Hux grieved. He wondered what it must have been like. He had been a child, he hadn’t known what was happening. It must have been horrible to have blood tax explained to him after the fact. Kylo supposed, if he grew up without a mother or sisters it might not have been talked about much in his home. For that to have been how the poor child had learned, and then carrying that guilt for thirteen years until he couldn’t stand it any longer must have been a terrible burden to carry by himself. “We can stop if you want,” said Kylo. Hux shook his head and held the doll tighter. He looked at a set of old baking sheets. He spoke quietly, “Are those Katya’s?” Kylo nodded slightly. When Armitage had mentioned one of the girls not being able to eat cheese or milk he remembered her a little. Now that he saw the sheets he recalled that despite having Wraiths to do her cooking for her she preferred to be in the kitchen and to make her own meals. Kylo put an arm around Hux and laughed slightly, “She was always trying to cook for me. I choked down far too many cookies and too much bread for her sake…” “She tried making bread for the horses once. Any excuse to cook for someone,” Hux explained quietly, “And she was good at sewing…it was her job, but she mended my jacket once for free…she was…” “She was very kind…” said Kylo, leaning against him and tucking him close. “Veronika liked the horses…she liked to draw them…” Hux explained. “Then I think this must be her’s,” said Kylo quietly, pulling a sketchbook from the top of a pile. He smiled slightly, “I wanted her to sit for me, but she didn’t have the patience for it. She preferred drawing to being drawn.” He opened the book and hugged Armitage tighter, “Look, she drew this one…she preferred landscapes to people, but she could draw anything.” Hux wiped his eyes before he looked, “Whenever she traveled, she’d show me the pictures that had horses in them. She knew I how much I liked them.” It was something Kylo had never done, especially with one of his humans. He’d never sat with all of the things in his attic and reminisced over them. He always thought that if he sat up there for too long all of the sadness in the place would swallow him up and he would never be able to come out. He thought it would be too painful a thing to do. But now he was surprised by how much he could remember with everything to help him. He sat with Armitage in his lap, doing his best to soothe him and be strong for him as he clutched the red haired doll. He found his friend Dasha’s music, along with a few pieces she had tried to write for herself. Kylo found himself setting them aside, wanting to bring them along with him when he left, thinking he might try to play them. Hux said she could play the piano and had more pairs of gloves to protect her fingers than he cared to count. It was only then that he recalled how she was always asking about new gloves, especially in winter. His friend Nastasia enjoyed a little bit of everything. She took the least readily to being indoors all the time and had a new hobby every month to try to keep herself occupied. Hux explained that she liked to take long walks over distances he would have never gone by himself on foot. It all made sense now, and Kylo wondered why the girl had never bothered to tell him. He would have gone for walks with her at night if she had said something. Hux trembled and held the doll against his chest. If he needed both hands to examine or lift something he would hold it in his lap. For Hux, this girl, Sasha, would have been the first for him, and the one he promised to come back for. The one who had started his thirteen year preoccupation with revenge. Kylo held Hux tightly in turn. He supposed he ought to be surprised that this was the first time in hundreds of years that this sort of situation had happened. He stroked Hux’s hair as he clutched the doll and occasionally mumbled things about odds and ends Kylo showed him. “Do you want to stop?” Kylo asked quietly. “No,” Hux said quietly, choking slightly. “It’s alright if you do,” Kylo assured him, moving his arms over Hux’s, “I hope this hasn’t…” “No…all these years I thought…I thought you were torturing them,” said Hux, holding back as much emotion as he could, “I thought…you just hurt them until they died…I hated you more than anyone…” Kylo held him tightly, “I didn’t.” “You really did try to make them…” Hux trailed off. Kylo gave him a slight squeeze, “I didn’t mean to make you cry again.” “I really did have to find a god damned vampire get a little humanity.” His tone was too warped by tears to make out if he was being genuine or sarcastic. Kylo rubbed his arms and wondered if this was a good idea or not. Hux might feel more warmly towards him and this place now, it might help him be settled, less inclined to use desperate measures, but seeing him so sad was awful. He cuddled him close and kept whispering to him, asking if he wanted to leave. He hoped he hadn’t given the boy something worse to obsess over than letters and escape. “Kylo?” asked Hux quietly. It was the first time the boy had used his name, and the vampire was slightly startled by it. He replied uncertainly, “Yes, dearest?” The boy turned and gave him a quick, messy kiss on the cheek. He pulled back just as quickly and clutched the doll, “It’s…because you at least tried…” Kylo pulled him back and claimed his lips with his own. He pressed his mouth to the human’s taking in the warmth and the taste of tears. He held him close and felt a pair of warm arms hold his shoulders for leverage. Kylo didn’t need to pull back for air, but he did instinctively, knowing humans needed to breathe every few seconds. He wanted to deepen the kiss, but wouldn’t be able to use his tongue without the human’s position. Pausing briefly, he looked down at Hux’s flushed, tearstained face. He wasn’t angry, or even surprised. He seemed needy, wanting comfort, determined to have it from whoever would give it. HUx pressed his lips back to Kylo’s, crushing them together as he laced his fingers in the vampire’s long black hair. Kylo let him set the pace and take what he needed. It didn’t take him long to pull back, this time with a look of shock and guilt, as if he’d realized what he had done. He looked at Kylo and pulled back with a quick, shaky, “I’m sorry…I should go.” “I could leave if you wanted to stay,” said Kylo, watching him rise. “No, I should go try to read,” said Armitage, moving away quickly, holding the doll. He only seemed to notice he still had it when he went to hitch up his skirts to climb down the stairs. He looked down and around, looking for somewhere to discard it without having to go back to where Kylo was still seated. Not seeing anything satisfactory he held it under his arm, “I’m…I’d like to keep it.” “Take anything you like,” replied Kylo, getting to his feet. “Thank you…I’m sorry,” mumbled the boy quickly as he descended the ladder. Chapter 13 Kylo waited on the bed. He supposed that Hux would be along shortly. He had a curfew and the wraiths would enforce it if necessary. The boy had spent the rest of the day avoiding him. Kylo had spent his time in the attic. It was still a sad and overwhelming place, but that one area where Hux had sat with him, cried with him, helped him to grieve a little, wasn’t so bad anymore. He stayed there a little longer, with all of the relics and remembered the happy times, with several names and faces now fresh in his mind again. Hux came in after a few moments, his book under one arm and the doll in the other. Kylo glanced over at it, “It looks like it could use a dusting. Pass it here for a moment.” The boy stiffened slightly and held the doll tighter. Kylo smiled pleasantly and held his hand out, “I’ll give it back.” Hux retreated to his chair, “You’re naked again…” Kylo glanced down, “Yes, I suppose I am.” “I didn’t mean to give you the wrong idea…I…I’m really not sure what came over me but I shouldn’t have kissed you. I don’t want to pursue anything like that with you, it was wrong of me to let you think I might like you that way, so please forget it,” said Hux quickly, placing his book on the table and wiping dust from the doll’s smooth, glassy eyes with his fingers. “It was overwhelming, you wanted a little comfort,” said Kylo, sitting up slightly, “I understand perfectly well. Besides, I kissed you when you asked me not to. You might have held out if I hadn’t done that.” Hux remained quiet and held the doll tightly. Though he had taken the doll by accident, it seemed to have grown on him. Or perhaps he had intended to keep it the whole time, and perhaps take a memento for each of his friends before he had been kissed and startled into leaving. Kylo turned on his side and smiled at the doll, “She didn’t play with them, I suppose she was too old for that, but she liked them very much. She was always fond of that one. I remember the way her eyes lit up when I gave it to her. I had forgotten those things for so long.” Kylo looked at the back of Armitage’s head, “Thank you for helping me remember her.” Hux gave a little shrug and combed dust from the doll’s hair with his fingers. Kylo continued with a slight laugh, “I’ve been alive almost a thousand years and little girls are still training themselves to be mothers with those things. Of course, they look much more like humans than they did when I was a child.” The boy remained where he was, nodding his acknowledgement but staying silent. Kylo motioned to his book, “Do you want me to read to you?” “Would you cover yourself first?” asked Hux quietly. Kylo shook his head slightly and moved to cover his lower half with a blanket, if only temporarily, “You never did answer. Are you shy because you’re concerned for my feelings or for your own? Like I said, if you’re afraid I’ll be embarrassed or feel violated, you don’t have to worry.” “You just shouldn’t,” said Hux, finally turning. Kylo shrugged, “It’s my house, I can go about wearing anything I like or nothing at all if that’s what I choose. I can do whatever I want here. You’re more than welcome to sleep in the nude as well.” “No thanks,” replied Hux quickly with a grimace, beginning to put his nightgown on without showing his body. Watching his little ritual, Kylo sighed, “Wear it if you must, but this is my house dear, and I’m going to dress as I please. You don’t have to be ashamed, because I’m not.” Hux moved to the bed, holding the book and the doll. He slid the book over, “I read about Egypt. We’re at Ancient Greece now.” “Got through Egypt all by yourself did you?” asked Kylo, somewhat impressed by the progress. “It took all afternoon, and I couldn’t make out some names of things, but I understood,” explained Hux. “Well, let’s have a look at those. They might come up again in something else you want to read,” said Kylo, “You know, you’re really lucky you’re studying in this century. A few decades ago nobody had much of an interest in archaeology.” Kylo took the book from Hux and settled onto his stomach, propping the book up against the pillow so they could both read. Hux seemed hesitant to lie next to him, and stayed near the edge of the bed, trying to keep Kylo’s backside out of his field of vision. The little pink tinge in his cheeks suggested that he was failing. Kylo looked over at him, “You won’t be able to follow along from over there. Don’t you want to get caught up on your reading?” Hux moved a little closer, but still kept a distance, “I can see the print fine from here.” “You’ve laid against me before, the only thing different now is I’m not wearing trousers,” said Kylo. He reached out to brush his fingers over Hux’s, “I wouldn’t, even if I could, I wouldn’t. So don’t worry about that. Please?” “So is this how it’s going to be until I say I want you? You…doing all these ridiculous things?” asked Hux. “You never wandered about your own rooms naked?” asked Kylo. “You know what I mean…” said Hux, “I said I was sorry about before so…could you please stop all this. It isn’t right.” Kylo propped himself up on his forearms, “Would you care to tell me why it isn’t right? I’m not trying to be rude, I just want to hear why you feel so strongly about this.” Hux took a few moments to collect himself. Kylo could see he was still adjusting, and would be adjusting to his new home and lifestyle for some time. Having to sort out a number of complicated feelings wouldn’t help the matter. He thought of Armitage touching the constable, letting the other man hold him as if it were the most natural thing in the world. They’d had years to get to know one another and develop their bond. It was what Kylo wanted though. His human settling against him and holding onto him as if they’d been friends for years. It wouldn’t come easy though, Hux had spent thirteen years nursing his hate and anger against the vampire who kept taking his friends away. A thirteen year grudge was impressive for a human, and it wasn’t going to die easily, no matter how much Kylo tried to help him through it. The most important rule in every human society Kylo had ever known was that humans shouldn’t kill their fellows. Apart from war, where it was deemed a necessary evil, humans reviled those who killed without necessity. Murderers were universally loathed, and that was what Hux had called him, a murderer. Nothing could change what happened. He supposed, though the women Kylo had in the past had known he must have killed before them, they never brought it up. Perhaps they had done their best not to address it so they could try to make the most of what the rest of their lives would be. Hux didn’t seem to be able to forget though. That label, murderer, still lurked over whatever their relationship might be called. “I know you tried to make them happy,” said Hux, looking down at the doll, “But you still…and that means I shouldn’t…” “Shouldn’t what?” asked Kylo. “I shouldn’t forgive you,” said Hux quietly, “I should’ve…stayed like I was when I first arrived.” Kylo shifted to cover Hux’s hand with his own, “Darling, you were miserable .” “But I understood things then…what was good and what was evil. You’ve done something terrible, but you didn’t want to, and you tried but…you still did it in the end. I don’t know what you are,” said Hux quietly. “Well, right now I’m your tutor, so come here and I’ll read to you,” said Kylo, intent on changing the subject, “How is your writing? Can you do sums?” “I can write, but it’s not the sort of pretty writing like you can probably do,” explained Hux, “But I never had trouble with sums. I was always good at maths.” Hux hesitantly moved closer and lay on his elbows the way Kylo was positioned. The vampire grinned over at him, “There, see, this isn’t so bad, is it? Now, what shall I read to you tonight?” “We’re still on the first part with all the ancient things,” said Hux, flipping to the page he wanted. He trailed his finger down the page, “Here, I think. Have you ever been to Greece? I heard that all the old buildings are still there.” “I’ve been all over the world, dearest,” said Kylo with a soft smile, “I survived the Dark Ages, followed the Normans into England and Ireland, fought in the crusades and a number of other wars, I’ve been all sorts of places.” “So you’re not from here?” asked Hux. Kylo turned on his side again to look at his human, “My birth name was Benvenuto Organa Solo di Benevento. I’m actually Italian.” “Then…why is your name Kylo?” asked Hux. “Vampires took up the habit of changing their name, something to set us apart from humans. It’s not that we dislike human names, but we have our own culture, and I wanted to express it in my name,” explained Kylo, “Besides, when I became a Knight I thought a change was in order. Nobody was going to have terror stuck into their hearts by the name ‘Ben.’ Could you imagine? ‘Oh no, men! Run for your lives! Ben is approaching!’” Hux regarded him quietly, “Are things in Italy the way they are here?” “It’s a great deal warmer, that’s for certain,” said Kylo with a slight laugh. “No I mean, are humans slaves for vampires?” asked Hux. Kylo stopped laughing immediately, “You’re not slaves. Serfs perhaps, but not slaves. Is that what that wolf was telling you earlier?” “No, I just wanted to ask if you were…if humans in Italy live like we do here,” said Hux, slightly startled by Kylo’s shift in mood. The vampire took a moment to calm down. His humans were serfs, not slaves. They worked for him in exchange for protection. He glanced over at Hux as he returned mostly to his usual self, “There’s even revolutions there now. Seems this is the only place we can escape them.” Hux hesitantly asked, “Is this the only place in the world where people pay blood tax?” “There are other countries that have it,” replied Kylo. He turned his attention back to the book, “But you don’t need to think about that now, darling. Those are such unpleasant things.” He settled a hand over Hux’s back, giving it a light tickle, trying to take his mind off of those things. His human shrank into the mattress and gave a cute little shiver. Kylo smiled at that. Though it had helped, they’d both confronted enough unpleasant realities for one day. Perhaps he might sit down with Hux and talk seriously about why their social structure needed to be the way it was, but not tonight. He just didn’t feel like he could at that moment. He moved in a little closer, “I know you’re still a little confused, but can I kiss your face? You asked me not to a few days ago, but I dare say things have changed since then.” Hux looked down at the doll, as if it might give him some sort of guidance. It only stared blankly back at him with glassy blue eyes. Hux sighed, “Not like in the attic but…if you want…” Kylo grinned and put an arm around his human. He leaned in and kissed his cheek softly, moving to the side of his jaw , “Do you still want to read about stuffy ancient civilizations?” “Yes…” said Hux quietly. Kylo sighed through his nose and pulled back, looking over the book. The boy had a naked, muscular man kissing him and he was still more interested in history. He sniffed the air, catching some excitement, but not enough to make the boy give up on his studies, “You know, you’re not making this seduction very easy for me…” He read to Hux, but couldn’t escape the feeling of boredom that settled in. He had already studied this in the hopes that he would never have to visit it again. Hux followed along intently though, listening to him passively, allowing Kylo to stroke his back and occasionally pause to kiss his cheek. As he read he looked about the room. The flowers he had brought were wilting already. The boy didn’t seem particularly impressed by food, but there had to be something he would like. Perhaps something that might bind him to this place and make him less likely to run away. He read so much that he felt like his head was going to fall off. They read all about the different city states, though Hux seemed to like Athens and Sparta best, and the origins of democracy. He would mouth some of the words, especially the difficult or foreign ones to try to memorize them. Kylo got through as much as he could, getting almost all the way to Ancient Rome with their Ceasers and their Senate and the barbarians that came and destroyed everything. Closing the book he looked over at Hux, “Now are you going to remember any of that?” “Of course,” said Hux, taking the book and securing it in his little drawer. He settled the doll on top of the night table and Kylo wrapped an arm around him. He shuddered as he felt himself being pulled against Kylo, “It’s alright dearest, I’m just going to hold you.” As he nuzzled against Hux’s neck he felt the arousal he had been hoping to feel while they had been reading. This seemed to be what made the boy excited. Given the likely positioning of his only encounters, it might have been that his mind automatically associated being held from behind with sex. He cuddled close to Hux and wrapped his arms tightly around him, “If you want it, you can have it, but you need to ask. I need your invitation after all.” “No, I want to go to bed,” said Hux quietly. “Are you sure? If it’s something you need, I’ll give it to you,” said Kylo. Hux pulled away slightly and settled against the pillows. Despite putting some distance between them he was still giving off an aroused scent. It had been almost a week, and the boy hadn’t relieved himself at all in that time. It could be, now that his mind was less focused on survival, his regular cycle was finally catching up to him. He was going to have to take care of himself at some point, he would have his urges, and perhaps by that point, if he needed it badly enough, he would allow Kylo to help him. Kylo continued to stroke his back, “Alright…if that’s what you want.” He kissed Hux on the cheek and patted his hip. Hux shifted uncomfortably, “You said…I could have my own room someday?” “We’ll see how you do with your drawer. If you can behave, we’ll see,” replied Kylo, knowing exactly why he wanted to lie alone for a few moments. He grinned slightly, “Spend the day with me tomorrow.” “I’ve spent plenty of time with you…” said Hux. “No, the whole day. I’d like to spend a whole day with you beside me,” explained Kylo. Hux hesitated, clearly not wanting to agree and trying to figure out how he could relieve himself of his urges privately. There was no way he could do that if he was attached to Kylo at the hip. But perhaps, if he became desperate enough in his heat, the human might ask for relief, or at least discuss his needs. It was clear that an emotional attachment hadn’t been made yet, but there might be physical attraction and biological functions at play that might convince Armitage that a vampire’s attentions might not be so bad after all. He continued to stroke his human’s side, pressing in close, trying to get a feel for how resilient he was. Hux’s desire wasn’t negligible. It wasn’t a passing fancy or a slight inclination, his body had its urge and wanted to be taken care of. Armitage was keeping himself in check though. Humans were much more reserved in their choice of partners, and Hux had been through enough hardship to make him skeptical of anyone who might find him attractive. He could have had any number of reasons for refusing to satisfy his body. He might have been too embarrassed to relieve himself in front of another person. He might be one of those humans who wanted an emotional connection before a physical one. Or he was still too confused over whether or not he saw Kylo as evil. With that in mind, his urge would have to be much stronger. Kylo knew he could amplify it. All he would need to do was start kissing his human, pin him playfully, rub against him insistently and in a matter of moments to boy might cave in. However, if Hux really didn’t want him despite his body’s needs, Kylo wasn’t sure if the human would trust him if he took those actions. Armitage was in a much more delicate position than others. His past had made his heart fragile, whether the boy admitted it or not. The last thing he wanted was to ruin the fragile trust they had slowly been building. Again. He settled against Hux’s back and wrapped an arm around him to steal his warmth and placed a goodnight kiss just behind his ear. *** “So this is where the mail comes from?” Hux examined a small box beside the door. Opening the side, he saw a parcel on the ground. He reached in and stuck his hand through the top of the box before reaching outside. His eyes widened slightly at the feeling of fresh, moving air blowing past his fingertips. Kylo tried not to worry. The opening wasn’t big enough for a human, even one as skinny as Hux, and even then, he would have to destroy the mail contraption to position himself to get through the opening, assuming the wraiths didn’t stop him before he succeeded. There was nothing to worry about. Hux seemed to realize this too when he removed the parcel and stuck his head inside the box for a better look, “Why do you have all these flaps here?” “To block the sunlight, dearest. I can’t go burning myself every time I go to open my post box,” chided Kylo. He looked about the hall where they had first met, “I never did introduce you to my friends, did I?” “You remembered who the wraiths were?” asked Hux. “No…I’m not sure if I’ll ever be able to recall them,” said Kylo regretfully. He gestured to the armour and portraits that decorated the halls, “I meant these friends.” “You can remember these ones,” stated Hux, looking around at them. Kylo pointed to one, which was actually a bit of tapestry, carefully framed, “That’s Sir William Marshall, a good friend from England. I was a knight in his company for a while. The only human commander I ever served under.” He pointed to an old oil painting, “That’s Isabella of France. Very cunning, not a woman you wanted to cross. You can probably read all about them in the library.” Hux picked up the package and examined it, “So what’s this?” “I did say you would need new dresses. I gave instructions to send them as they were completed, since you’re in such dire need of them,” explained Kylo. He grinned and plucked at the string on the box, “I wonder what they sent. I did ask for greens and blues, but I recall insisting that one should be pink. Won’t you look sweet, all wrapped up in pink satin?” Hux looked up at Kylo glumly, “I thought I’d be allowed to wear men’s clothing by now…” “Not quite,” said Kylo with a slight smile, “If you can be good for a whole month we’ll see about trousers.” The boy sighed through his nose and crossed his arms, clearly unimpressed by the answer. Kylo tucked the package under one arm and offered Hux the other, “I’m going to have a look at it, make sure it’s ready, and then you’re going to model it for me.” Kylo heard an audible groan as Hux linked arms with him, looking incredibly sour the whole time. At least he wasn’t fighting with the boy to make him get dressed anymore. He brought Hux to the bedroom and had him stand in the hall, “No peeking now, I’d like it to be something of a surprise.” “I’m so excited…” muttered Hux sarcastically as he crossed his arms again. Despite intending to spend the whole day with the boy at his side, Kylo couldn’t help separating for this. He hoped it was one of the dresses and not a suit. Hux needed more than three dresses, and Kylo wasn’t quite sure he was ready to permit the boy to wear trousers again. Part of it was to make sure the punishment had sunk in, the other was admittedly his own fancy. Armitage proved to be very attractive in dresses, and Kylo wasn’t quite ready to give that up. He snapped the string easily and ripped the paper away before opening the box and examining the contents. It was a beautiful pink gown, with puffed sleeves and a bell skirt made full by layers of crinoline. The bodice was low cut, but much better tailored to Hux’s slim frame than the other dresses had been. There were no ribbons or lace, but there was a large sash that was to be tied in a bow in the back, just above his hips. Kylo smiled at that and laid it out… …when an envelope fell out of the skirts. That was odd. If there was a note explaining something about the order, it was always on top. Kylo leaned down and snatched it up and froze when he saw a set of instructions on it, He examined the little blue envelope. It didn’t look like it had come from the tailor. He desperately wanted to read it, but it was not addressed to him. As he tried to open it his hand was repelled from the seal by some invisible force. The letter didn’t belong to him, so it had to be for Hux. As such, he was compelled by his vampiric nature not to open it. Armitage was waiting outside. He could just order the boy to hand over the contents after opening it, but he could imagine how crushed the human would look and feel if he found Kylo was keeping something like this from him. He needed to get it open without breaching the seal himself. He concentrated his thoughts and a wraith appeared, open hands waiting to receive their task. Kylo couldn’t command them to open it. They were partially an extension of his thoughts at this point, so a command wouldn’t work. He just had to hope the wraith, a being with next to no understanding of who or what it was anymore, would choose to open the letter on its own. “Do something with that,” Kylo said quietly, prompting it to take action. He expected, given what he usually wanted the wraiths to do with his mail, the being would either sort it, or open it for him. He was not ordering it to open the letter though, so whatever spell that kept him out of other people’s private spaces wouldn’t hold the wraith back if it opened the letter on instinct. Kylo breathed a sigh of relief when the wraith pulled back the wax seal and handed the blue envelope back to its master. “Thank you,” Kylo breathed quietly as he pulled the letter from its place and unfolded it. My brave Midge, Constable Kolozov told me what you’ve done for me. I’m grateful beyond words, but I can’t abide the thought of you trapped in that awful place with that monster for my sake. Kylo paused for a moment. Monster . That’s what humans tended to call creatures that were unlike themselves. He grit his teeth before pressing on. I wasn’t sure if I would be able to get word to you, but I managed to find where he has those horrid dresses made. Constable Kolozov said he makes you wear them, so I was certain if I could hide something in one of the dresses you would get this note. I hope he hasn’t taken it from you. And if he does, I’ll say nothing that would put you in any danger. I miss you, Midge. I know we’ve grown apart since we were little, but I always imagined I would always be able to see you again. Even as we parted, I was so certain that you would come back, because you always found a way. Now I realize how much I took that for granted. I feel I also took you for granted over the years as well, that you would always come when I needed you most in spite of all of your troubles. I wish I had done more for you after all you’ve done for me. Please try to stay strong. I can’t imagine my brave Midge breaking in the face of anything, but I know how different this must be and how alone you must feel. I hope this letter can provide you with some small comfort. I hope you know how much you’re loved and dearly missed. Because you are loved Midge. I remember sometimes you would confess that you seldom felt loved, but you are. Everything feels so strange without you here. I haven’t been allowed out unaccompanied, and never near a horse. I wonder how I’ll manage to slip away to hide this note. But I will find a way Midge, for your sake. As soon as I can I’ll go see all of the horses and write to you about each of them. Please hold on until then. I really don’t know what I can say, knowing what you’re facing on my account. I can only beg that you’ll always remain the warm, kind companion I always knew. Always your friend, Illya Roskovna. Kylo folded up the letter and replaced it. There was nothing harmful there, just words of encouragement from a friend, but the text made him furious. Telling his Armitage to endure living in a wretched place with a monster. It wasn’t wretched, it was his home, and he wasn’t a monster. For a few moments Kylo wondered what had given this girl the gall to send such a letter. He didn’t want to think about her or her insipid human perspective. She had insulted him. He didn’t understand how or why, but this letter stung him more sharply than when Armitage had cut him with the spur. He knew what would happen if he gave Hux the letter. He would read it and miss her. He would miss his old home and his horses and he would cry for them all over again. It was precisely why Kylo had forbid his humans to write. He ground his sharp teeth as he hid the letter in his waistcoat. He couldn’t give it to Hux. Not now when he was starting to adjust, starting to almost like him. It would serve the girl right for trying to steal his human’s heart away from him. He desperately wanted the boy’s love, and he knew if he gave him the note, the warm feelings it gave Hux would be for someone else. But he knew how much Hux would hate him if he discovered the deception. Later, Kylo told himself. He would give the boy the letter later, when he had accepted what had happened to him and what his position was. Once he was settled, happy and stable, he could have the letter then, but now was too soon. Armitage would have to understand why he had done it. He made sure all traces of the blue envelope were hidden when he opened the door, “Alright dearest, come in and have a look.” Hux entered and frowned at the sight of the dress. He gave Kylo a pleading glance before staring down at it, “Do I really have to wear that?” “Until more dresses come,” said Kylo, recalling the description from the letter. ‘Those horrid dresses.’ None of his humans had complained before, apart from Armitage. Hux looked it over glumly before turning, “Can you…could you undo the back?” “Of course,” replied Kylo, working at the laces of the wine coloured dress. He paused to admire the lily white skin on his back. He convinced himself the deception was for Hux’s own good. If he saw it now he would just get homesick again. This was for the best. He was doing the right thing. He shouldn’t let some girl’s accusations get the better of him. What could she do here, anyhow? “You’re shaking…” The human turned around and looked Kylo over, “I thought I saw you doing it, but I felt it just now. Your hands keep shaking.” “It’s nothing dearest. I’m excited to see you in your new dress,” lied Kylo. “But if that was true you would have been shaking before,” said Hux accusingly, “What happened?” “I told you, it’s nothing,” insisted Kylo more firmly, “Now go on, I want to see you put that on.” Hux frowned, “I’m not leaving if that’s what you’re mad about. Finn thought I should but I told him I wouldn’t leave. I’m going to stick to our bargain. I stay and Illya doesn’t-.” “And for me as well.” Hux’s eyes widened, taken aback while Kylo continued, “So I don’t have to kill anymore. That’s what you told me. Or does the way I feel mean nothing to you? I suppose if it benefits me it’s just a ‘happy coincidence’ as you put it.” The boy didn’t seem to know how to respond to that. Kylo wasn’t entirely sure what he was doing either. He wanted the boy to feel something for him, some small concern over what he felt. He was bold enough to risk his life for his friend, to fight to avenge others. Armitage clearly had an unfathomable depth of feeling. Kylo hoped that he had some small vestige of care for him. He loved the boy and could only hope for a quantum of warmth in return. “How do you feel about me Armitage?” asked Kylo, taking his human by the waist, “Is there any fondness in you at all for me?” “I don’t know why you’re asking me this,” said Hux, pulling back as much as he could at as slow a pace as he could manage. “Because I love you!” snapped Kylo, pulling him back. When he saw fear in his human’s eyes he loosened his grip and spoke more softly, “I love you and…I hoped you were at least starting to see me as a friend.” “I’ve known Illya since I was a child. She’s my best friend,” said Hux, slowly, calmly, “You were never upset when I said that before. What does it matter to you if I’m still fond of her?” The boy looked down, “It’s...not as if I’ll ever see her again. Aren’t I allowed to keep what few happy memories I have?” “I suppose it just…compounded,” said Kylo, releasing Hux, “I’m sorry, I let my anger take hold of me again. I dare say I’m very jealous of her, having your love. Please, dress yourself. It looks like this one will keep you warmer than the others.” After a moment Hux went to the bed and had a closer look at the dress that had been spread out for him. He began to push down the bodice of the wine coloured dress to slide the light pink one over top of it. He struggled a great deal more, trying to find his way through all the crinoline before he finished. He kicked the old dress away and smoothed the new one down, looking at the layers of material that made the skirt flounce around him. He looked at Kylo glumly before looking at the dress with disgust. “What’s wrong with it dearest?” asked Kylo. “It’s pink…” muttered Hux. “It’s a masculine colour, I think,” replied Kylo reassuringly. “Yes but…” the boy began before trailing off. So it was a personal preference, the boy simply didn’t like that colour, and perhaps he disliked the style as well. “It’s very fetching on you. I’m sure you’ll get used to it,” Kylo sat beside him and kissed his cheek, “And I’m sorry, I didn’t mean for my mood to upset you. I was jealous, and that isn’t your fault.” Hux sighed and shrugged, “At least you didn’t throw anything this time.” Kylo nodded. He knew sarcasm was Hux’s way of coping with things, so if he wanted to make his sad sounding, unamusing jokes, he was free to make as many as he liked. He leaned behind Hux and laced up the back of his dress before tying the bow. He paused and grinned slightly as he adjusted the sash, “Would you stand up for me?” “What?” asked Hux, wrinkling his nose. “Yes, stand up, let me see how pretty you are,” said Kylo, trying to laugh and smile as he usually did. Hux stood and crossed his arms, “I’m a boy. You could at least say ‘handsome.’” Kylo rose and smiled, inspecting his human from every angle, “There, if we put your hair up you’d look just like a princess. Would you allow me?” Hux sighed and retrieved the blue ribbon he had liked from before as well as his hair clips, “Please don’t make me look too much like a girl.” Kylo calmed himself as he worked with his human’s hair. It was relaxing for him, getting rid of all the little knots and combing it out until it shone in the dim lights. He swore once again that Armitage would have his letter once he had settled in and his friend was hopefully less of a rival for his affections. He hated the thought of the little human unhappy and pining, and that was all giving him the letter would accomplish. He would secure it in his desk and wait until a little time had passed, then Hux would have it. “All finished,” said Kylo as he pulled Hux gently into his lap, “My lovely princess. Perhaps I could draw you like this?” Hux turned and gave Kylo a curious look, “So long as I’m not naked, I suppose it’s alright…but are you sure you’re not-” “Just a little fit of jealousy, but it’s all passed now,” assured Kylo as he went to find his sketch book. He felt he needed to distract himself, and his clever human, “You’re such a pretty thing I want you all to myself. Now, I don’t suppose you’ve ever been drawn before.” “No,” replied Hux, watching him carefully, “And I’m not a princess…” “Well, make sure you’re comfortable, and try to hold yourself as still as you can,” instructed Kylo. He looked about the room for the best angles. He took a chair and set it near the bed, “Why not lie here, darling? Just relax and hold still.” “Can I read?” asked Hux, gesturing towards his book. “If you like, just try not to move too much,” said Kylo. Hopefully this would distract Hux from his outburst. As he moved to sit down the little letter felt hot and heavy in his pocket, as if it were a large coal that would burn through all the fabric and fall to the floor. Kylo tried not to look at his pocket, tried not to think about the encouragements inside, the fact that he was once again keeping Hux from his friend, or the jealousy that flared up inside him when he saw the word ‘love’ over and over. It was wrong to keep the letter from Hux, but if he handed it over now, said that he was sorry, his poor human would start crying for home again. Kylo convinced himself that, while Hux might be angry later, this was the best thing for him. He would not keep the letter forever, just for now, to keep it safe until he was ready. He opened the sketch pad to distract himself as Hux curled up on the bed. He had no idea how to recline gracefully. The skirt was alternatingly bunched up or kicked out of the way as he rested the book against his knees. It revealed a great deal more leg than any proper lady would permit herself to show, but Hux seemed to be comfortable as he started reading, occasionally pausing to sound words out loud. As Kylo recalled, there were little notes at the bottoms of the pages that would translate any Latin, so the boy ought to be able to understand everything he read. As Kylo began sketching, working out the basic shapes of things and their perspectives, Hux asked, “Why don’t we vote for blood tax?” The idea was so absurd Kylo nearly dropped his drawing lead, “What do you mean?” “Well, it’s sort of an official position. Why don’t we vote, like in Greece?” asked Hux. Kylo gave Hux a serious look, “I dare say I don’t think anyone will want to be nominated. And I can just imagine the sorts of people who would be voted to be sent away…” “I mean, if nobody’s being killed, it’s not such a bad thing, it’s even a bit honourable,” explained Hux, “If I don’t think about…you know…I’d be happy to give my blood to keep my friends safe. And living here is different, but I don’t have to worry about food or things like that. If nobody died, I don’t think it would be so hard to find people who would want to come here.” In situations like this, it was easy to see how human blood tax might be mistaken for a consort. Perhaps in a way the boy was. Kylo still had designs to kill a bailiff at the first opportunity for Armitage’s sake. Kylo was also sure there were plenty of humans who would love to be spoiled for a few years in exchange for a few pints of blood every month. However, Kylo was not the norm when it came to how humans were treated. He liked to care for his humans, others didn’t. In fact, they cared very little for their humans. “Not all vampires treat their humans so kindly,” said Kylo, trying to dissuade him gently. “Well…if things were different, and at least nobody was being killed, there are people who would exchange their blood for food and shelter,” explained Hux, “People might volunteer to be sent, and if there’s more than one, why not a vote instead of a lottery? And if the human who gets picked and the vampire get along, they can work together. I think that sounds better than one lording over the other.” “Humans and vampires can’t work together,” said Kylo, stopping his drawing to look up seriously, “Do you know why?” Hux shook his head. “It’s the same reason you would raise horses separate from wolves. If vampires try to work with humans, there’s a risk the human will be attacked, or the human will lash out pre-emptively to defend themselves,” explained Kylo, trying not to sound unkind. Hux furrowed his brow, “But why should a human be punished and limited because of something a vampire might do?” “It’s not a matter of whose fault it is or fairness, it’s a matter of temptation. And even if most vampires obeyed whatever order they were given and didn’t attack humans in that way, there’s still a risk that the few vampires who aren’t so inclined to obedience would hurt them,” replied Kylo, “Rather than risk it, it’s best to keep them separate so everyone is safer.” “Well it should be fair,” grumbled Hux, returning to his book, “It’s not right that so many people get punished for something one bad person might do.” “So, your idea is to have blood tax be combined with a sort of joint-governor’s position?” asked Kylo. “Yes…that way there’s incentive for humans to give their blood, and we get some say in how things are run,” explained Hux. “And what about vampires?” asked Kylo. Hux furrowed his brow, “Do you really need anything more than what you have?” “No, but vampires are the ones in control and being asked to share that control. How would you make your idea one that they would want to follow as well?” asked Kylo, trying to coax Hux to think more realistically about his ideals. He continued, “Say you have a person who owns land, they’re rich and powerful, and there are poor people who have nothing. How would you convince the rich man to give his property, something he feels he has earned and is entitled to, to people who he may not even like?” “Because it’s what’s right,” Hux said lamely, clutching his book a little tighter. “I’m not trying to be cruel with you, but it is something you’ll have to consider. ‘Because it’s what’s right,’ isn’t an answer that many are going to listen to, darling,” said Kylo, finding it remarkable that the boy wasn’t being more cynical in his approach. “But it’s all I’ve got…” said Hux quietly, “I know…I know people who have power don’t want to give it up. I’ve seen it so often. But all I could ever do was take it and hope by some miracle they might change their minds or fight back and get beat down even harder. I don’t know how to change someone’s mind like that.” Kylo nodded and resumed sketching, working on the many layers of the bunched up skirts as Armitage returned his attention to his books. Kylo wanted to concentrate on his pretty human, but the letter was burning in his pocket and now his own mind was wondering how someone could peacefully change an entire country’s way of life. It seemed impossible. Every pauper who rose to power did so with an army. Changing rulers and religion had always guaranteed bloodshed. How could someone like Armitage convince an entire court of vampires, many of whom would only see him as livestock, that they should let humans share in their power without threats of violence. The only thing Hux might have had on his side was a sort of moral high ground, and that was only if he could prove to the same vampires who thought of him as a talking cow or sheep that they were in the wrong. He watched Armitage continue to read and took a sharp sniff of the air. He was frustrated and confused, but still noticeably in heat. His intellectual pursuits were staving it off for the time being, but eventually his heat would become overwhelming. He’d never known humans to start rutting like animals when they were desperate, but it showed in their moods. If they couldn’t satisfy themselves they became frustrated, a bit more confrontational, much more fidgety and very restless. Kylo thought of taking off his jacket and waistcoat to tempt the human, but was afraid the letter might come tumbling out. Instead he tried a different tactic. He’d finished the rough sketch and turned the page, looking up at Armitage, “Is it alright if I posed you?” “Can I still read?” asked Hux. “Yes, but I just need a moment to arrange you,” said Kylo, approaching his human and leaning over him. Hux retreated against the bed and pinked at the proximity, his heat now much more pronounced with Kylo so close. The human watched him with wide eyes as Kylo pressed against him, pinning his hands over his head, “D-do you have to-” “Shh…hold your hands there, turn your face and try not to move,” instructed Kylo, combing Hux’s hair until it was splayed the way he wanted it. He dragged his hands down the boy’s front, admiring the fabric and the soft, svelte body beneath it. He placed his hands on the boy’s legs and Armitage actually let out a little whimper. It was fretful, uncertain, but almost curious and very close to wanting. Kylo spread them and propped them up, arranging the skirts around them to suggest the boy had just had a rough encounter. He looked down at his handiwork, “All finished, now don’t move or I’ll have to tie you up…actually that’s not a bad idea.” He could hear the boy’s heart pounding as he sat back down and took him in, “You’re beautiful like that, very provocative. If you asked I’d have you right now. Armitage’s face flushed at that, seeming embarrassed by his own growing need for contact. Kylo continued, “It would be a nice change from your studies. A little reprieve. Perhaps you might be able to think better if you let yourself have a little fun.” “No, I don’t want to,” said the boy stubbornly. It was adorable, the way he tried to deny that he was in heat like this. Kylo continued, “You know I meant it before, you taste very sweet. Your little nipple was especially delicious. I hope that pert rump of yours is just as delectable.” “You can’t bite someone’s ass, that’s disgusting,” protested Hux, his flush gone and replaced with a look of disapproval. “Is it? I’ve always enjoyed it. I don’t suppose you’ve ever had a tongue there either?” asked Kylo flippantly. “Wha-!? No! Why would I ever-!? No!” exclaimed Hux, completely disgusted by the suggestion. “I actually consider it quite the delicacy,” continued Kylo, enjoying his human’s incredulous looks, “You won’t let me look, but I’m sure it’s just as pretty as the rest of you. Pale and creamy with a little blush over the cheeks. And you did mention freckles. I’d love to trace little patterns between them with my tongue and-” “You’re insane,” said Hux, furrowing his brow, “And I want my book back.” “In a few moments darling,” said Kylo, working on his sketch. “And you’re not going to tell me what happened while I was in the hall?” asked Hux. Kylo shrugged nonchalantly and continued to sketch, the lie rolling off his tongue, “Nothing happened darling, just an emotional fit.” Hux sighed slightly, “Suit yourself…” Chapter 14 Notes: This chapter isn't as long as the others. Sorry, this week has been kind of a doozy (the giant quasi-sentient cheeto running the world superpower next door doesn't help things either.) Sorry I haven't gotten to comments. Between work, a pulled back muscle and finding out that I'm moving (again) it's been hard to sit down and get much of anything done. It's been a weird week. Have some nudity. The letter was bothering Kylo more than he thought it would. He had withheld letters before, but never after saying he would allow his human write back if they received one. He had assured Hux that he could have any letter that came for him and he could respond if he wanted. Now he was hiding the note that had come for him in a locked drawer in his desk. If Armitage found out, and he would figure it out since the letter made reference to hiding it in the dress, it would do more than make him angry. He would be giving Armitage a very good reason not to trust him. If he broke this promise the human might not believe him next time they tried to make an agreement. What was done had been done though. If he gave the letter to Hux now he would know that he had withheld it for at least a day. Illya had mentioned slipping it into the folds of a dress, so the boy would know no matter what. The damage was already done. If he got the chance though, he might be able to give it to Hux when the next dress came. He would inspect it again before giving his human the envelope. He might not realize which dress it had been tucked into. If he didn’t all would be well, but if he did somehow notice… It would upset him, but at least there would be no distrust between them. Kylo had been so blinded by jealousy over the girl’s friendship with Hux that he hadn’t thought of the damage he might do to the fragile trust they had built. He resolved he would fix this, give Hux the letter at the very first opportunity and make sure he was there to comfort his human if homesickness overcame him again. In the meantime, Armitage was still refusing to admit he was in heat and his condition was getting worse. He was a bit more irritable and snippy since he couldn’t relieve himself, and he was becoming much, much easier to arouse. Kylo barely had to try anymore. He would settle a hand over the human’s back and the air would become rife with the smell of Hux’s excitement. The boy was desperate to be taken, claimed and dominated, but he was holding himself back. His mind wasn’t ready for it. He was still under the impression that it would be something immoral, and it was enough to keep him in check. “You need a bath,” Kylo said to him that morning, “Could I give you one?” He was naked, pressed against Hux under the blankets and the boy’s hormones were raging, practically screaming that he needed sex. A human’s heat tended to be at its worst in the mornings and evenings. Armitage had taken to quietly whimpering whenever Kylo held him like this, biting his lip and tensing to keep himself still. Kylo nuzzled against him, “Hm? I’m sure you’d like it, but you’d have to be naked for me.” “I can give myself a bath…” muttered Hux. “Then perhaps you wouldn’t mind if I drew you beforehand?” asked Kylo. He pressed a kiss to Hux’s ear, “I won’t touch, I’d only look. I want to see how beautiful you are.” Hux let out another uncertain noise as Kylo fingered at the laces at the back of his nightgown, “Just to look darling. I won’t touch if you don’t like it.” Hux’s heat must have been getting to him. He nodded slightly, “If I do…you can’t laugh, alright?” Kylo nodded in turn and kissed his human’s cheek. He considered rewarding him, but with Armitage’s history a reward would likely be seen as an insult. Still, this seemed to be quite the gift on the human’s part. In their society, the ideal that most presented was for sex to be exclusive, and only a human’s partner should have the privilege of seeing their naked form. This wasn’t always practiced, of course, and some didn’t like the idea much, but for many it was the norm. Rubbing his back Kylo asked, “Shall I take it off of you or would you like to do that yourself?” “Just the laces…” mumbled Hux quietly, “And…it’s only to look so…I’m not trying to give you the wrong idea…” “I know,” replied Kylo, kissing his cheek, “It’s just to look. I won’t hold this over you or against you, promise.” He undid the laces and pulled back the covers, looking down at his nervous human. Armitage fingered the collar of the nightgown as he mumbled, “I’ve never been naked in front of anyone…not like this…” “Do you want to stop?” asked Kylo. Hux shook his head slightly, “No, I said I would and…” He really didn’t have to explain. The poor thing was young, he had his needs, and he was curious. Even if it was just to satisfy curiosity and have an erotic experience like this, one where he was in control, Kylo was alright with that. He might not get to have his lovely human, but this was a large step for the boy to take. The boy’s face was flushed pink as he began to slide the nightgown downwards. His humans weren’t always naïve and innocent when they came to him, try as human males might to keep certain ladies chaste, and though his experience was far from good, Hux did have sex before Kylo met him. Still, he was very young, meaning he had quite a few firsts ahead of him and everything they did was going to be new for the boy. It was part of a human’s charm though. If he wanted experience and precision Kylo would stick to his own kind. Humans on the other hand were warm and since they were young, but mature, he could help them explore and discover things about themselves. Armitage stripped himself to the waist before repeating, “You can’t laugh.” “Darling, why would I laugh?” asked Kylo, reaching up and smoothing down his hair. “Because…I just thought you might…” said Hux quietly. He sat up and began to slide the garment over his hips and legs. He sat, curled up like that, bare but keeping himself covered. He held his knees to his chest and didn’t dare look over at Kylo, opting to stare at the wrinkled blankets. He was excited, but frightened. Kylo propped himself up and moved closer, but didn’t touch for fear of scaring his skittish human away, “There, that wasn’t so bad. Will you let me look?” Hux leaned back slowly and Kylo slowly, cautiously, touched his shoulder to help guide him into the mattress and pillows. The boy flushed as Kylo praised him, “There you are. Such a good boy to let me see all of you.” He resisted the urge to lick his lips as he took the boy in. He was beautifully slender and pale, with little brown freckles serving to highlight his pallor skin. As far as human males went he seemed to be a respectable size, though it was hard to tell since he wasn’t hard. The limp member lay between his thighs, resting on a nest of red curls. It had been a very long time since Kylo had another man like this and couldn’t recall if he ever thought another man’s cock was cute or not. It was pale, like the rest of him, but flushed pink like his sweet little nipples. If he’d had Hux’s permission, he wouldn’t have wasted time stroking it and teasing with feather light kisses. “Such a beautiful boy,” assured Kylo, stroking his face, “You can look at me as well, I don’t mind.” Hux’s eyes occasionally flicked down before he flushed and turned onto his side, lifting a leg to hide himself from view. Kylo almost purred at the sight of his exposed backside. Hux looked sweet, all whites and pinks and reds. He continued to stroke his face, “Now, now, you don’t have to hide from me.” “I don’t like it,” Hux muttered quietly, “I don’t know why I thought I might but I don’t…” “Is that better, the way you’re lying now?” asked Kylo. Hux nodded. “Do you want the blanket?” Another firm nod. “Is it alright if I touch your side and your back?” A much more hesitant nod. Kylo was reluctant to wrap his human up again after getting to see his beautiful nude form all laid out for him. Some humans were like this though, they were embarrassed by others looking at their bodies and were quick to clam up. It could be overcome, but not instantly. Kylo pulled the blanket back over himself and Hux, covering them, and kept some distance. The poor, skittish boy might have been frightened if Kylo had pressed against his back like this. “I think you’re the loveliest boy I’ve ever seen,” assured Kylo. Hux shook his head, “I’m a man you know…and I’m not that pretty. I’m thin and freckled and my hair is all wrong. Men are supposed to be…well, more like you. Thicker with muscles.” “And who made that rule?” asked Kylo. The boy paused for a moment before admitting, “I never liked the boys who looked like me. I liked the strong ones. I figured everyone else was the same.” “Well, I like the ones like you,” countered Kylo, “I was in love within days of setting eyes on you. Once you were grown that is. I like boys with pretty red hair, slim waists and a dusting of freckles. You’re such a rare treasure, my precious little gem.” “See, that’s it, men aren’t supposed to be precious and little. I tried hard to at least put on a little weight but it never worked…” muttered Hux, “I’m practically a walking skeleton.” Kylo ran a hand over his back. He could feel the boy’s ribs, and could understand how he came to the assessment, but disagreed entirely. Armitage was as delicate and beautiful as any lady and Kylo never considered him any less of a man for it. In fact, he respected the boy for taking such chances, putting himself in dangerous situations in spite of his fragility. All things considered, he was a very brave young man, and that bravery accounted for a great deal of his charm. He slid his hand up to rub the boy’s side, “Why don’t we have a lie in this morning? I don’t have work, and the bed is nice and warm.” He moved in closer, slowly, not wanting to press against his human too suddenly. He put a hand on the boy’s shoulder. He quivered slightly, “It’s just that I haven’t done this before and I still don’t know…I thought you just wanted to draw me and I…I really don’t think I can. I don’t think I liked it.” Kylo could smell fear beginning to overpower arousal. The last time the boy had entrusted another man with his body he had been betrayed, so it was natural for him to be reluctant or have second thoughts. Between that and his moral dilemma it would be some time before Hux would be comfortable being exposed. Kylo kept the image in his mind, eager to help his human reach that comfortable stage. It would take more than courting to convince Hux that he would be safe and well cared for if he consented. He also had to convince the boy that he was worthy of his forgiveness. “Would you like a bath then?” asked Kylo. He combed his fingers through Hux’s hair, “You don’t have to say yes, but I’d love to wash this for you. We could add something to the water to cloud it so I wouldn’t see anything.” Hux nodded slightly and Kylo wondered how on earth such a beautiful creature could be so shy. It might have had something to do with his hair, given the boy’s intense dislike for it, or his physique. Kylo wondered how he could convince him of how pretty he was. He had never had such difficulties. Being unable to look in a mirror he’d spent most of his life not really knowing what he looked like, so he found it difficult to care. Knowing what his face looked like was more like interesting trivia than something he really defined himself by. He was told things about himself, how his features looked and how he compared with others, but he never associated them with his worth as an individual. He’d never had a problem attracting partners before he knew his ears were larger than most or his features were asymmetrical, so why should the knowledge make any difference to him? Kylo was used to female humans being obsessed with their looks, and he could hardly fault them for it. Their society defined them and their worth by their looks, so of course they were going to spend all their time enhancing features and hiding flaws. He knew males did it as well, to lesser degrees since they faced less pressure, but they still had their ridiculous fads. Stuffing cloth down their breeches to appear well-endowed, padding their stocking so their legs looked more muscular, or wearing wigs to hide baldin, they were all things men had been doing on and off despite sneering at women for being vain. However, not being exposed to young men as often as he used to, Armitage was the first young man he had encountered in several hundred years who was self-conscious about his body. “Could you forget that you saw anything?” asked Hux. “Why would I want to forget? You were beautiful,” said Kylo. “If I let you wash my hair will you promise not to talk about it?” offered Hux. “Darling…it’s alright. If you’re not ready to let yourself be seen like that then so be it. But don’t hide because you don’t think you’re good enough. You’re a perfect jewel. I hope someone hasn’t been filling your head with nonsense telling you otherwise,” said Kylo. “There’s not much of me to look at,” retorted Hux bitterly, “I’m as thin and flimsy as paper.” “There’s nothing wrong with being slender,” assured Kylo, running a hand over his arm, “I like you very much like this.” Hux sighed and glanced over his shoulder, “I still can’t believe you’re the one saying all these things about me. I ought to be trying to kill you for what you’ve done and here I am stripping like a whore for your pleasure…” Kylo slid down the boy’s arm, searching for his hand. When he found it he gripped it tightly, “Everyone who came before you must have felt the same way you do. Many of us loved each other very much despite it.” “I just don’t know how I feel about you. I don’t think I hate you anymore, but I should, and then whenever I think that you do something that makes me hate you even less,” rambled the human. He gave another little sigh, “Then I get so frustrated I hate you all over again.” Kylo sighed as he recalled the words of love in the letter. It wasn’t as if the boy was incapable of reciprocation. He could love very deeply. He was prepared to die for people who he considered his friends and had spent thirteen years planning to avenge the ones he couldn’t save. When he considered just how much and how completely the boy could love, it just made his declarations of hatred sting all the more. He squeezed the boy’s hand, “Do you hate me now?” The boy squeezed back and whispered, “I don’t know…” *** Kylo supposed he could hardly blame the poor creature. Belonging to a race with incredible lifespans, holding a grudge was practically the vampiric race’s most popular pastime. Kylo himself still held a slight grudge against a vampire lady who once scuffed his shoe. With that in mind it was hypocritical of him to expect Hux to forgive him for taking his friends away. In many ways, he ought to be thinking of the remarkable progress they had made. A week ago the human had tried to kill him. Now he sat very quietly in the tub, his body covered by water that had been dyed a deep blue thanks to a special, flowery soap. It was completely opaque. Once Armitage, the would-be assassin, was in the tub there was nothing to see. He’d become remarkably tame once he had taken to studying, working on his pipe-dream of creating a system where vampires and humans could live together. As much as Kylo wanted it, he knew it was impossible. Vampires would never let go of the power they held over humans and in their lands. Still, it was the only thing keeping Armitage docile, the idea that they were working together towards this. From time to time, Kylo caught himself daring to hope that if they put their heads together some good would come of it. He massaged more soap into the human’s scalp before rubbing the back of his neck. He was such a pretty human, and such a bright one. Killing him would be a waste of talent, really. It might not be what Armitage wanted, but if there was a way for humans to make themselves invaluable…but how could that work? Humans were so plentiful, it was easy to make a case for one or two brilliant individuals who were worth sparing, but not the entire bunch. Kylo paused as he realized what he was doing and knew that the boy’s simple desire had reached him. Despite knowing the impossibility of it he actually wanted to… “You really are remarkable,” mumbled Kylo, using a basin to rinse out the boy’s hair, “Watch your eyes darling…” His hair was the colour of blood when it was wet and rippled in the water as prettily as that of merfolk or nymphs. He let his fingers tangle in the strands that drifted on the surface of the blue water. He asked quietly, “Now what would you like to study today? Have you made it past the Romans?” “No…and there’s a lot of them,” mumbled Armitage, “We didn’t learn much about them in school but I thought there was only one or two kings…” Feeling his sleeve unrolling again, Kylo shoved it up to his bicep and kept playing with the boy’s hair, “I’ve been thinking about tutoring you. You’re far too old for a governess, and I’m not sure any one human could teach you all your subjects well enough.” Hux turned slowly before asking, “What are you saying?” “I’m saying you need a proper education,” said Kylo, “You’ll learn by reading yourself, but it would be better if someone taught you. You’ll keep up with your history and civics of course, but you need more practice reading, probably writing, more maths couldn’t hurt either and science goes hand in hand with those…geography would be useful to you as well, and while we’re at it arts and music might interest you. You’ll need a little philosophy too, I think, though I’m hesitant to teach you how to construct a decent argument.” “You’ll teach me?” asked the boy skeptically, “So you’ll stop that courting nonsense?” “Oh no, this will give me ample excuses to hold you close and give you little gifts,” assured Kylo, massaging the boy’s shoulders with both hands, “There might be a few things that might put lessons on hold. Mostly meetings and managing affairs, but nothing that ought to ruin the whole scheme. I’ll make a schedule for you and we can start as soon as you like.” The boy continued to be suspicious, “This is all because of the courting nonsense, isn’t it?” “You’re a lovely boy…wouldn’t it be a fun little game if you were my pupil and I got to seduce you?” purred Kylo. The boy turned and glowered, causing Kylo to roll his eyes, “You can’t pull off what you have planned if you continue to act like the country bumpkin you are. You need to be respectable, accomplished before anyone in upper human society will listen to you, let alone vampires. History is just one tool, you need more than that.” “And how would you make someone like me respectable?” Hux scoffed, “I’m a bastard nobody from a farm in some inconsequential town. As far as most people there are concerned, I’m an awful liar with a bad temper and a hair colour most consider bad luck and witch-like. It’s impossible for someone like me to be like them.” “Because before now, they held all the cards. It’s like your lady friends, they’re forced to be dependent on either a father, spouse or son because men write the rules. You’re being held back because men in power decided that you were destined to be nothing from the beginning. However, they weren’t counting on someone making sure you’d be sharp enough to go head to head with them,” replied Kylo, reaching up and scratching the back of Hux’s head. “And you’re giving me this for free? You expect nothing?” asked Hux. He looked over his shoulder again, deathly serious, “I’m not a whore.” “I do expect something of you…” said Kylo quietly. He rolled up his sleeve again and turned the boy’s shoulders so they could face each other more easily, “I expect you not to waste the gift I’m trying to give you.” Hux pursed his lips, “It would be the biggest waste of all if you filled my head with everything you could and I died two years later.” Kylo had tried to keep his humans alive in the past. Most had thought him too soft to maintain his lordship with the way he pleaded for his human’s lives. He hadn’t begged that for some time. After falling in love with so many of them and being forced to kill them he had tried his best to dissociate love and death from each other. Armitage forced him to once again confront how intertwined they were. This would be his last attempt, with this human, to free himself from this cycle. He leaned forward and kissed the boy’s forehead, “Then I suppose it’s in my best interest to help you stay alive.” “You’ll help me?” asked Hux, turning so suddenly that he splashed Kylo a little. He also seemed to have forgotten his shyness for a moment as he clutched the side of the tub, “Not just half-heartedly read to me off and on between flirtations then criticise my ideas? You mean, you’ll actually help me?” Kylo furrowed his brow, “Was it really that obvious that I wasn’t interested in that book?” “A bit, yeah,” admitted Hux, “But still easier than reading by myself…so we’re going to be partners?” “Let’s not get ahead of ourselves…but yes I’ll help as much as I can,” said Kylo. “When can we start?” asked Hux. “Well, first there’s someone I need to talk to, and I’m going to make you a schedule,” explained the vampire, “And if I’m going to teach you you’re going to have to do exactly as I say. I don’t want to hear you complain if we don’t do exactly what you want every time. If I’m your teacher you’ll have to do what I say.” Hux nodded and clutched the side of the tub, “So what should I do in the meantime?” “While I’m out you can…” Kylo thought for a moment, “You could try some books, different ones. I want you to show me ones that you can read without any trouble. Aside from that…be good, mind the wraiths, and if I’m not home until late, be in bed by your curfew.” The boy nodded eagerly, “I think this will be easier with both of us. I’m glad you weren’t just humouring me this whole time.” He had been, until he had realized just how badly he wanted Armitage to live and how heartbroken he would be if he had to kill him. The boy had helped him remember women it hurt to love and lose over and over. Kylo knew the reasons blood tax had been started, why it had become a necessity, and knew there had to be another way but in hundreds of years nobody had been able to think of anything. He wanted Armitage to find it, but he could feel his stomach flutter for the first time in ages. He wanted a way out of this cycle, he felt he should have tried harder. He remembered a time when he did try, when his need for revenge had tapered off and he began to take humans who had nothing to do with their uprising the killing started to turn his stomach. “To be honest, I was. Then I realized that if I helped you in earnest, I don’t have anything to lose,” said Kylo, “Well, I suppose I do have things to lose if this goes badly, but nothing I can’t live without. On the other hand, I have the chance to gain you.” “Gain me?” asked Armitage questioningly, “Hold on, why would you lose anything?” Kylo frowned and stroked his human’s hair, “It was hundreds of years ago after humans tried to rise up and kill us all. Everyone who survived lost someone, friends, a lover, family, we were all so angry. We decided to do the same to the ones who wronged us, remind them of their place, keep them from ever wanting to repeat their actions. We all decided, together, to go through with it. To even suggest its repeal is seen as something only a traitor would do.” Hux furrowed his brow and pursed his lips before asking, “Is that…why you never tried before?” “I did try a long time ago, privately,” explained Kylo, instinctively lowering his voice, “I have…I’m on very good terms with a very powerful man. When I first started to have misgivings about killing I spoke with him. The most I could manage was getting extensions for favorites.” “And you just…gave up,” muttered Hux. “He’s a very hard man. He suggested, that in the event I decided I was no longer able to kill, someone would be sent to assist…” continued Kylo. He shook his head, “Normally that would be grounds to have my territories seized. Some would say I’d be getting off lightly but…I couldn’t stand the thought of someone taking them from me. I thought it would be better if I did it. If I did it, I could make sure their last hours were happy ones, do it quickly, painlessly. Others wouldn’t, I know they don’t.” Hux didn’t seem to like the answer at all. Such a headstrong human probably wondered why he didn’t fight harder. Kylo pulled his hand back, “I couldn’t save them, but I could take away the pain.” “And these are the people I’ll have to convince. You’re right, it sounds like they wouldn’t want to change unless it benefitted them somehow,” reasoned Hux. He shook his head and leaned against the tub, “What on earth do you offer people who already control everything?” “I don’t know. But while we think about it, we need to make you someone who people will want to listen to,” said Kylo, “You’re already very striking, and very clever, all you need is a little polish.” “So…would I get to wear men’s clothes again?” the boy hazarded. “If you’re good,” said Kylo, kissing his forehead, “I’m helping you, but you still belong to me and I have certain expectations. Let’s start by getting you out of there before you wrinkle.” He held out a towel for his human to take, “I’d very much like to take a bath with you someday. If the water was clouded like this would you be alright?” “I…” Hux began, trailing off as he began unfolding the towel, trying to figure out how to wrap it around himself without getting it too wet or exposing himself. It was adorable, really. He began, “Look, I’m grateful for your help, but…” Kylo recalled what he knew about human heat cycles and asked, “Why don’t you give me your answer tonight, hm? That should allow you plenty of time to think about it.” *** The last order Kylo gave the wraiths before he left as that they were to approach Armitage if the boy attempted to touch himself. Seducing a human was always much more easy if they were desperate for touch. Masturbation wasn’t exactly a necessity like food or water so Kylo didn’t have to allow him the time or means to do it. There was also nothing stopping him from trying to do it while they slept or trying to discreetly relieve himself with Kylo watching. If Kylo caught him doing it he would have made no move to stop him, and had given the wraiths no instructions to stop him. It would be the shy, silly boy’s own fault if he got no relief. By nightfall he would be an aroused mess, the way he had been in the morning, though hopefully he would be a less confused one. It had only been a short time. Some humans were willing to let Kylo be intimate with them almost as soon as they discovered that he wasn’t going to treat them cruelly. Others took longer, though they had been more tight-lipped regarding their reasons than Armitage. It wouldn’t be unusual for the boy to at least want the comfort that intimacy brought and to allow Kylo to take care of him, but with his behaviour it was improbably. The boy was headstrong and in no way eager to forgive. He wondered what had made the boy so stubborn. It might have been a survival instinct. It might have been what helped him persevere through all those years. Still, there was something slightly off about it. Even those who had left someone behind were quick to realize that they were no longer a part of that world. Even if they didn’t accept Kylo’s advances, they understood their position and accepted it as an inevitability. They were saddened, but they weren’t like Armitage who fought as much as he could every step of the way. It might have been due to his background, but it also might have had something to do with swearing his revenge that made him so determined. Humans weren’t as particular about oaths and contracts as demons or fairies, but for some of them it was like putting on a set of blinkers; making them oblivious to anything that wouldn’t help them in their goal. Kylo recalled how Hux could ignore his arousal so long as there was a book in front of him. With revenge through killing impossible, the boy was devoting his energy to avenging his friends by changing the system that took his friends. There was something noble about it, but still strange that such a young man could stay so focused on one thing for such a long time and be adaptable enough to change his method of reaching his goal. Either the boy had a mind of steel, or there was something else at play. It was more pleasant to think about that than the fact that he was training the boy to take on the royal court. He was confident none of them would pay a human any serious attention, but it was the only plan he had. The second Kylo publicly indicated he didn’t have the stomach to kill his Armitage, the others would turn on him for his display of weakness. If he wasn’t attacked on the spot his territory would become a target, with a lord who didn’t want to kill anymore it would appear ripe for the picking. Worse than that, they would take Hux from him. If he couldn’t kill his blood tax, someone else would have to do it for him. The only thing for it was to make it seem like it was all Hux’s idea, that Kylo was humouring him and had thought it fun to tutor his human. If he didn’t they would be separated. It might actually be the only thing that would make them pay attention. If Kylo presented Hux as a farce, some sort of entertainment, for a moment the boy would have their attention. He could start by introducing his educated human, encourage others to ask him questions or do sums and let the boy take care of the rest. If Hux was able to use his wits after that, they would have a small chance of at least starting a conversation. It was a long shot, but for the moment it was the best idea Kylo could think of. It was a long way off though, and Kylo resolved not to think about it. They had to wait until Hux could at least read advanced materials by himself. He had also decided to argue for an extension on Hux’s stay as blood tax. With Bell dying only a year into her extended term, why shouldn’t the boy take it over for her? The arrangement had already been made, Kylo was sure he could convince his master that it would be wrong to let the effort go to waste. Kylo sighed, his master was a hard man, he always had been, and after the rebellion he had been exactly the sort of leader they had needed. Kylo considered himself lucky to have been a favorite of the man’s before the war and continued to reap the benefits of their partnership. He had a good territory with ample crops, good livestock and strong humans, a sturdy home, servants and excellent training. His master had showered him with privileges and favors in exchange for loyalty. So much so that Kylo felt he owed him a debt of gratitude. He hoped, despite his master’s harshness, that perhaps if he considered the extension and saw the boy for himself that he would grant the request. In the meantime, he had a constable to meet. The journey to town was a long one, but nothing Kylo couldn’t handle. With his protective armour and robes he didn’t have to worry about the sun’s harmful rays. The black cloth absorbed the heat as well, which kept him as warm as any fire could. He had the benefit of a summon as well. A witch he had saved from being pressed to death by humans during their uprising had gifted the creature to him, housed within a magical seal. When he required it, he could speak the words she taught him and the creature would be summoned from beyond the mortal plane. It was a horse, but he doubted it would be one that even Armitage would like very much. It was a Night-Mare, a creature who brought bad dreams with it. They were hard creatures to tame, and when it had first been given to him it had taken Kylo a great deal of time before he could get her to let him decide their direction. For months the stubborn creature could shake her instinct to run through towns, looking for minds to infiltrate and inflict with terrifying visions. Ideally she seemed to enjoy standing over her intended victim and paw at their chests. That was centuries ago, and now the mare was quite willing to allow him to ride her, but she still caused mischief where and when she could. Because of that Kylo often kept it locked in its seal. There was no sense in scaring his humans half to death when they were trying to rest. It was midday though. Kylo certainly hoped none of them were lazing about when they had work to do. He rode up to the police station, looking over the building. It had been quite some time since he had been there and he noticed the sign had been replaced, along with several boards. He looked up and down the streets and noticed the people who had been standing about them were quickly fleeing indoors. It was for the best. With less people about the less Kylo had to worry about another silly human trying to shoot him. He dismounted and tied the reins to the hitching post. Night-mares didn’t need to drink, or eat. If they could be tamed they were very easy to care for. Kylo gently rubbed down its neck, telling her that she had done well. Night-mares couldn’t talk, but Kylo had a suspicion that she always knew exactly what was being said by everyone around her. He finished by reminding her, “Don’t run off.” He heard a gut-wrenching scream from inside the police station and arched his brows. He looked at the Night-mare and sighed, “Found one taking a nap did you?” The Night-Mare snorted and nudged his hand with her nose, as if expecting praise. Kylo shook his head and walked towards the station, shaking his head, “Naughty horse…” After knocking a young man answered the door. He was wide eyed and anxious looking. Kylo guessed he was the one his Night-mare had startled out of his nap. He smoothed back his dark hair nervously as he realized who exactly was on his doorstep. He moved his mouth to speak, but no words came out. Finally strange, jumbled, disjointed words came tumbling out, “You’re…you…here…what…here…” “I’m here to see the Constable,” said Kylo. The man nodded so quickly Kylo was surprised his head didn’t fall off. He arched his brow behind his mask, “Aren’t you going to invite me in?” “Y-Yes, of course…come in, my lord. The Constable is in his office,” said the young man. Chapter 15 Notes: I'm really sorry about not getting to anyone's comments. I've been super busy, I haven't even gotten a chance to play the new pokemon game. I will get to them though, once things calm down a bit. Please bear with me a little longer >< All aboard the Make-Hux's-Life-Hell-Train! Toot! Toot! “And who are you?” asked Kylo, stepping inside. “Justice of the Peace, Dopheld Mitaka,” replied the man. Kylo’s brow arched higher, “A rare name for this country.” “My ancestors were foreign,” he said, almost pleadingly, as if he thought Kylo might execute him for the imagined offense of having ancestry from another country. Kylo nodded as the man continued to stand still, looking up at him nervously. He sighed before repeating more irately, “I’m here to see the Constable.” “O-oh, yes, of course, this way!” stammered the young man, leading him through the station. The place was well kept, neat and orderly with very few changes since the last time Kylo saw it. He supposed eventually all the gradual changes added up, but for now there was nothing really worth noting. He approached a door and knocked, “C-Constable Kolozov? It’s…Lord Kylo Ren is here to see you…” Kylo heard the man inside jumping to his feet, his footfalls loud on the floor before he opened the door and stared straight ahead in surprise. His brow was cocked, concern obvious as he asked, “And to what do I owe the unexpected pleasure?” “If you have an hour or two to spare, I have questions about the boy,” said Kylo. The man’s grey brows were knitted with worry as he let go of the door and stared the vampire down, “Is he alright?” “Yes, he’s fine. I left him alone with the servants after bathing him. He loves the library and is wearing the most darling pink dress. I expect that’s where he is now,” said Kylo. The Constable didn’t seem satisfied, prompting Kylo to sigh, “He’s alive. He survived his first feeding and seems hardy enough for more. He’s eating well, very healthy from the look of him.” The Constable sighed through his nose and held the door open, “So what do you want to know?” “Just a few little things. He’s a shy, tight-lipped creature. It’s been a week and I only know he likes horses and the colour blue,” said Kylo, helping himself to a chair. He looked up at the Constable, “We’re going to be here a while, I want to know as much as you can tell me. Sit.” The Constable sighed again and seemed to resist rolling his eyes as he sat behind his desk. It was a tidy little office, unlike Kylo’s, and was very well organized. All of the papers in their little stacks and drawers with labels to make things easier to find. The Constable repeated, “So what is it you came all this way to find out?” “You know the boy, his mind, his history…I want to make his stay as happy and painless as possible, but he isn’t exactly being helpful in that regard. He made this little project for himself and works on it all day and doesn’t want to talk about anything else,” explained Kylo. “That sounds like Midge,” replied the Constable, “You know why we call him that, don’t you?” “Because he was always in the stable,” replied Kylo. “No, because you can never get rid of midges. Even if a frost kills them all off they come back, hardy as ever. If that boy sets his mind to something, he sticks with it until he accomplishes it. There’s nothing anyone can do or say to deter him,” explained the Constable, almost fondly. “Yes, but what does he do for fun?” asked Kylo, “There must be something I could give him or do to make him a little less chilly towards me.” “He doesn’t like presents much,” said the Constable, “Or maybe that’s unfair. It’s more like he doesn’t have any idea what to do with them. If it’s something small or something that he can use, that’s alright. The more expensive or rare the gift the less he knows what to do with it. I left a cigarette case for him once as a gift when he got his apprenticeship. Half a day later he returns it, thinking I dropped it by accident, even though it had his name on it. Had to explain that it was for him and he just gave me this dumbfounded look.” “From what he describes his step-father wasn’t the sort of man who gave presents, so it’s no surprise,” replied Kylo lowly. The Constable reached into his desk and took out a glass. He held up a bottle next and asked, “Do you mind?” Kylo shook his head and the man continued, pouring himself a glass of some hard liquor or another, “He was the mother’s husband.” Kylo paused, “Pardon?” “Yuri Nikolayevich was his mother’s husband,” repeated the Constable before taking a drink. He had known that the boy was a bastard, but not that he had been born from infidelity. The Constable drained his glass and spoke slowly, “I’m about to say some things you aren’t going to like very much. If it’s not too much of a bother, could I trouble you not to kill the messenger?” Kylo nodded and the man continued, “As you know, because of the law, women aren’t permitted to marry until they’ve aged out of eligibility for blood tax. If, however, they’re pregnant or raising their own child, they can be spared. It’s a risk, but one that some girls and women will take to keep themselves alive. The results, more often than not, are heartbreaking. Girls so terrified of becoming a vampire’s supper they’ll try to become mothers before their bodies are ready to carry a child. And older ones with aspirations sacrifice them for insurance so their lot won’t be drawn. Sometimes it works out, with the fathers coming forward and marrying when their lover has aged out and start their families together. Other times, you get what happened to Armitage Hux.” Kylo clenched his jaw. It wasn’t over? He had done even more to hurt his human that he hadn’t known about? He looked at the glass and wished alcohol could have some effect on him and tasted less like sand. “Yuri and Lizabeta were trying to avoid the tax, had been for months. He would get drunk and confess it, and everyone turned a blind eye to that. You might not approve but allowing each other to live is a courtesy humans usually grant each other. A few months later, she’s got a little bump and her name goes out of the drawing. Life goes on as normal, Yuri minds his fields, Lizabeta cooks and cleans for the Roskovs and the French soldiers billeted in their house until she wasn’t able to work anymore. She has her baby…” said the Constable, pausing before finishing, “The boy had a shock of red hair and blue eyes, just like one of the French soldiers. It didn’t take a genius to figure out what had happened. “Yuri was livid, refused to speak to Lizabeta. She was angry at him for not understanding she only did it to guarantee her survival. Got so angry and was so convinced Yuri had abandoned her that she named the boy something French, gave him his father’s surname in the French style…The French army was already gone when she did that. Yuri tried to win her back after some time had passed and he noticed that she’d…something happened when she gave birth. Something didn’t heal right, I’m not a doctor, I don’t know what the exact cause of death was but she died and left the boy’s care to Yuri.” Kylo shook his head. He always told himself stories like this weren’t his fault. Humans were perfectly capable of making their own decisions and had to accept the consequences of their actions. It was their decisions that started the need for blood tax, and their subsequent actions had been their own. He didn’t tell Hux’s mother to sleep with a French soldier. He hadn’t order her to seek out a relationship with a former lover instead of spending more time seeing doctors after giving birth to make sure nothing was wrong. He tried to keep that in mind as he quietly commanded, “Go on, tell me the rest.” The Constable poured himself another drink and downed it, “Yuri loved the boy, and he hated him. He was Lizabeta’s child, but he was a child by another man, and a child whose birth had ultimately cost her life, at least in his eyes. He ran his farms, ignored the boy and had a nurse look after him. It was only after Armitage was walking and talking that things took a turn for the worst…he started running away from home…” He stared into his empty glass then looked up at Kylo, “I dragged that poor child back to him every time. I had to. Not a day goes by that I wish I hadn’t, but I don’t know where I could have sent him that might have been better.” He went to pour another glass and stopped himself, pausing before shoving the bottle back in his desk and muttered, “He’d beg me to put him in jail instead.” “So you didn’t do anything,” Kylo seethed behind his mask. “We’re not allowed to take children from their parents and raise them ourselves, as much as I wanted to,” countered the Constable. He ran a hand through his short, greying hair, “I kept him in jail some nights, said I needed to keep him overnight for questions, just to give him a night in a safe bed. I also persuaded the Roskovs into taking him on as a playmate for their daughter when they were looking for one.” “You’re the one who did that? Armitage has no idea. He thought it was all coincidence,” said Kylo. “They knew the boy well enough. He walked past their property to get to school…and his mother probably conceived him in their house, so…” said the Constable, trailing off into a not so discreet mumble. Kylo tilted his head, “Did you…threaten to arrest someone if they didn’t help him? That’s quite underhanded.” “I’m on your payroll, so I suppose it comes with the territory,” said the Constable with a sarcastic grin. Kylo was beginning to see where Hux got his awful, angry sense of humour from and he wasn’t sure he approved. The Constable shrugged, “I enforce Vampiric laws on my fellow humans. Same with everyone else in civil office. There are some who think I’m nothing but a coward and a traitor.” “Are you?” asked Kylo. The Constable folded his hands over the desk, “I took this job to keep order, which seems to be the best way to keep the majority of our own safe. But none of this answers your question. Is there a gift that’s going to make the boy leap into your arms and forget everything you’ve done to him? Absolutely not.” “I’m trying to make him feel more at home and comfortable,” said Kylo haughtily. “If you wanted something from his home, you’re too late. Blood tax are treated as if they died…it’s easier for many to let them go that way, and Armitage didn’t have a will. His step-father didn’t want his things, so the boy’s flat was cleared out and his belongings were sold to pay his last month’s rent,” sighed the Constable, “Not that he had much to begin with…actually it was strange. He was always squirreling money away, kept to himself so he wouldn’t spend more than he needed to, and yet when his things were taken away, there was nothing of note. He didn’t even have proper furniture.” The money had paid for a gun, silver bullets, a wig made from real hair, a shawl to hide his bony shoulders, and expensive women’s shoes sized to a very tall man’s foot. The bailiff had unwittingly helped pay for the gun and bullets, but the rest still would have been expensive for a coach driver. Kylo gave a little shrug, “He hasn’t mentioned anything.” The Constable didn’t seem to accept the answer, but it was the only one Kylo was going to give. The vampire sighed, “So he has no personal affects to collect…I suppose there’s always my other idea.” The other main cocked his brow, “Other plan?” “Yes, I’ve come to see a man about a horse,” replied Kylo, “He wouldn’t have mentioned anything about horses to you?” A grin crossed the Constable’s sharp mouth, “It was the one topic he couldn’t keep tight-lipped about.” *** “I like the black one, but I want to get him one with a good temperament. I don’t want him to get thrown.” Kylo leaned on the fence and stared across the enclosure. The horses were standing frozen in fear, readying to run as soon as they sensed him. Despite their size and strength they were still prey animals and detected a predator nearby. Their ears were pinned back and watched him with wide eyes. He looked over a black stallion. He liked the look of it, since he thought it might make a good aesthetic match for his Night-Mare. Through the centuries he had known humans who were very good with horses, but he didn’t have much in the way of first-hand experience with them. Since vampires tended to scare horses, they needed alternative mounts, or get used to flying or moving on foot. “Did he say which one he liked the most?” asked Kylo, looking over the horses. “I can’t remember…he liked all of them,” said the Constable, leaning over the fence beside him. “Right, well, if I’m getting one that would be living on its own, close to me and a bunch of wraiths, it would have to be very calm. Did he mention which one was gentlest?” asked Kylo. “I’m not sure about gentlest, but I think mares and geldings tend to be less aggressive,” replied the Constable, “He liked Anastasia, that’s the brown one with the white spot. What were the other ones called…I think the sorrel one is Blossom, and the black one is Steiner. Of course, I’m not the best one to ask.” The Constable looked towards the stable and pointed to a younger man who was peering from behind the door at the frightened horses and the man dressed in black. The Constable made a waving motion with his hand and the young man disappeared. A few moments later he emerged from the stable, walking towards them on the outside of the fence. He approached slowly, cautiously, before he came close enough to call, “Is something wrong Constable?” “No trouble. Lord Kylo Ren is interested in purchasing one of the horses,” explained the Constable. “I’m not the person you should talk to about that. They’re not mine to sell,” said the young man defensively, as if seeking a way out. He avoided looking at Kylo when he asked, “Does this have something to do with Midge?” The Constable looked to Kylo, “Does it?” “Well, I just don’t see the point, really,” said the young man, “If it’s for him then he’s not going to be around long enough to-” “Whether there’s a point or not is none of your business,” said Kylo bluntly, “It’s between me and whoever owns the horses.” “Can we ask you a few questions, Ivan,” asked the Constable more gently. “It’s alright,” replied the young man, “But maybe somewhere else?” He nodded towards the horses, gathered by the far end of the enclosure. Ivan hazarded a nervous look at Kylo, “I’m afraid they’ll try to jump the fence, so if you don’t mind…” “Of course,” said Kylo. Ivan. That was the name Armitage had called to the coach driver a few days ago. He had assumed by the boy’s friendly greeting that the two of them were friends. Had he been wrong? Kylo would have thought any friend of the boy’s would have leapt at the chance to make him feel better. They walked away, and that seemed to calm the horses slightly. Ivan kept glancing back at Kylo, clearly frightened by the smell of him. Once they had put a safe enough distance between them and the horses, Kylo continued, “Do you know which one he liked?” “All of them,” said Ivan, taking a few steps back to put some distance between himself and Kylo. He added, slightly fretful, “I’m not trying to be difficult, sir. It would be like asking him to pick a favorite child. He really liked all of them.” Kylo looked down at the young man, “What was he like when he worked here? You knew him, didn’t you?” “I did…and he was…he was eerie.” The answer took Kylo somewhat aback. Eerie? Perhaps if the boy kept to himself and was angry and focused all the time, that might be strange. But eerie? Armitage never struck him as being frightening in the least. Constable Kolozov sighed, “I know he never talked much-” “It’s not that, though he always looked like he was ready to fight someone, it was the horses,” Ivan continued more quietly. He glanced back at the horses, “It didn’t matter what sort of horse it was or what it was doing. He’d just…he’d give them this look and they’d do what he wanted.” Kylo started slightly and continued, “Wait, can you describe what he did?” “I don’t know…first time I saw it we were both apprentices. One of the horses got spooked by a loud noise in town and starting going crazy. Everyone else was giving it space but he just walked up and…looked at it I guess and it stopped,” said Ivan. Kylo paused. He’d never heard of a human being able to do those things before. There were certain fairies who possessed the ability to communicate with animals, but not humans. He’d seen humans with horses before and some of them, for some reason, the animals just liked their company. This sounded different though, too much for a human. “Either way, and I don’t mean to offend, we got along but he was…there was just something off about him. That day at the castle was the first time I ever saw him smile,” said Ivan. He quickly backtracked, “Not that I want anything bad to happen to him, I guess I liked him well enough, he always did his work. It’s just…well with that and what Mr. Nemov’s been saying…” Kylo ground his teeth as he recalled the Bailiff’s words. The boy was an animal. He flew at him for no reason. A habitual liar. A minx. He belonged in an asylum. It seemed whatever Armitage had done with the horses combined with that was enough to make people he worked with suspicious of him. The boy was lucky he hadn’t been born a few centuries earlier, when people who were odd were made out to be witches and burned. But it seemed like some sort of compassion in the young man finally came through, “Is…is he alright though? You didn’t…you haven’t hurt him, have you?” “No, I like him very much, he’s been very sweet. He’s been sad though, and I wanted to bring him something from his home to cheer him up,” explained Kylo. The young man arched his brow at that, and Kylo could practically see him thinking the same sorts of things as Armitage. What was the point in making him happy when he was going to die anyways? It didn’t stop Ivan from sighing slightly and replying, “Well…horses are naturally herd animals, so it’s best if they aren’t kept alone. But there’re a few here that might be alright if they were alone for a while. You also want one with broad hooves if you want to be riding it in the mountains. Though, if you want to talk to someone about what he liked, you’re better off talking with Miss Roskovna.” The Constable cut in before Kylo could, “At this point in time I think the two of us showing our faces at her home would be in poor taste, all things considered.” Ivan cocked his brow, “Considering wha-? Oh…right…still…she’s been walking by and…she just looks so sad now that he’s gone.” He smiled slightly, “Say what you will about Midge, he had some good-looking friends. Some of them have been asking about him.” His smile faded as he muttered, “It’s easier to tell them he’s dead. I mean, he only has two years…” Kylo grimaced slightly. He didn’t want to think about that. He wanted his human to live with him as long as he could. The young man looked Kylo over cautiously. The vampire could only imagine what was going through his mind. He seemed to be the same age as Armitage, perhaps a year or two older. If Kylo had been willing to take a young man like himself, he was likely worried about how the vampire saw him. Men were sometimes intimidated when they found out he enjoyed their company as well, as if Kylo might suddenly come at them. He wouldn’t, this young man didn’t particularly interest him, but humans could be silly with their assumptions. “You don’t…you’re not…with him, are you? Like…if he was a girl?” asked Ivan nervously. “Now that’s really no business of yours,” said Kylo. Unable to resist a little mischief though, he added, “But if I was, what would you do about it?” “N-nothing, just…nothing,” said Ivan awkwardly. The Constable gave the younger man a sympathetic look and mumbled, “Just try not to think about it.” “But his affinity with animals…was it only horses? He couldn’t charm cats or dogs, could he?” asked Kylo. “No…he had the same trouble with wolves as the rest of us. It was just horses,” replied the boy. “Wild magic…” mumbled Kylo. Some humans had it, and it sometimes meant there was an aptitude for magic. Witches and wizards, and any other human who could use magic was granted a little more respect than their non-magical kin, and if Armitage had some sort of magical ability, it would be easier for a vampire could give him their ear if he had something to say. He grinned slightly, “Now I feel I must get a horse for him, if you’re describing what I think you are.” “What…he was a witch!?” asked the young man, almost yelping in alarm. “He’s not a witch. Talking to animals doesn’t make someone a witch,” said the Constable dismissively. He paused and asked, “But if he was…would that mean you can’t keep him?” “I would still be allowed to keep him,” Kylo replied bluntly. The witches and wizards who survived had left after the human rebellion, finding allies neither with their own nor the vampires. As such there really wasn’t a distinction between regular humans and ones with magical ability in terms of law. Socially though, vampires had come to see magical humans more as a neutral party and were willing to consult with them, though they were still considered subordinate. It had been ages since Kylo had met any who were native to the area. He paused as he recalled the boy was a bastard by a Frenchman. Hux’s heritage came from places where there might be witches and wizards about. It was possible that he received some inkling of magical blood through his father’s line even if there was none in his mother’s. It was starting to look less and less like a string of coincidences and more like fate putting all of its key players in place. He was a Vampire Lord with a possible mage-ling who just so happened to drop into his lap in this place, in this age? It sent an excited chill through him. Change, which had seemed so frightening and sure to end in disaster was starting to seem a little brighter. Not by much, just a sliver. Vampires might pay a little more attention if something a slight cut above a human spoke. Hux just might, without realizing it, have been the only one able to bring about any sort of change without blood. “What does it mean for him if he is a witch?” asked the Constable. “He’s not a witch…look, they have to be identified and trained from a young age to be of any use. Magical folk without training are just…regular humans who are uncannily good at one or two things. In Hux’s case, controlling horses,” explained Kylo, “And even if he was a witch, he’s still human, so he’s bound to the same laws as humans. All it means for him is he might be the only magic user in the area.” “I thought something was wrong with him…” muttered Ivan, looking anxiously at the Constable, “I mean…his hair, the way he looked at other men, now this?” “That boy hasn’t done anything wrong,” snapped Kylo, causing the young man to draw back, nearly tripping in his hurry to get away, “He can’t help the way he was born. Weren’t you his friend?” The young man shook his head and backed away, “We worked together but no…he was strange…he kept giving me these looks and…he was strange with the horses, almost never left his apartment except for work. I’m sorry, I didn’t hate him but…he scared me…Now he scares me more.” The Constable stepped between them, “That’s enough. Thanks for your time, Ivan, we’ll talk to Old Fyodor about the horses later.” The young man gave Kylo one last fretful look before he walked away, constantly checking over his shoulder. Kylo looked at the Constable, “Were they all afraid of him?” “I don’t know…most found him odd. Several girls liked him as if he were a younger brother. When he was older they kept liking him because he was kind and respectful with them,” explained the Constable. “He was different, and humans hate different,” said Kylo. The Constable seemed taken aback by his response. Kylo glowered, “Don’t give me that look. I was there hundreds of years ago when humans decided all of us had to die because we were different from you. I know exactly how you humans can treat someone when you decide they’re monsters.” “Not all of us do that,” countered the Constable. “And you’re the grand exception, are you?” asked Kylo, his grin long since faded, “You think because you let him sleep in a jail and found him a friend you’re somehow morally superior to everyone else? I’ve seen the way you look at me. You’re afraid of me. Even though you know I’m not going to hurt you, you’re scared. I can hear your pulse from here, don’t try to hide it. I know what you think I’ll do if I get angry.” Kylo sighed and looked at the stable, “Hux was in love with him, wasn’t he?” The Constable sighed and shook his head, “He never said anything about being in love. If he was, he liked the horses more” Kylo’s mind instantly wandered. What did the other coach-boy have that he didn’t? Kylo thought himself clearly the superior choice. He thought back to the way the boy had been waving, calling to him. No, it wasn’t love, just a boyish infatuation. He clearly preferred horses, but it still ate at him. Hux might still be slightly in love with this other young man who was, by Kylo’s definition, an idiot. Kylo nearly growled. He could give the boy anything he wanted, everything he needed, and who did he choose to love? Some bigoted stable-boy, a rambunctious young woman and a handful of animals. Now he was jealous all over again. “He’s barely out of boyhood, he can’t help who he loves,” said the Constable, “I hope you won’t-” “How many times do I have to say I’m not going to go on a rampage!?” snapped Kylo, “That one was an idiot, but I’m not going to kill him over it. God, you’re human aren’t you? Don’t you know what it’s like to feel spurned? I won’t hurt anyone, I’m just angry. I’m allowed to be angry.” The Constable backed off and changed to subject, “Do you want me to find old Fyodor for you?” “No…if you give me his address I’ll write him. I need to get a stable ready,” sighed Kylo. He looked over at the horses, “I think he’ll like the brown one with the spots.” He looked over at the town, everything deathly quiet, and he knew why. Nearly everyone was probably too frightened by him to come outside, and as such nearly all life in the area was stopped, waiting on baited breath for when he would leave. Kylo supposed it was better than rioting, torches, pitchforks and all that nonsense, but it had been some time since the silence had stopped making him feel smug and satisfied. “Would you like to speak to anyone else before you leave? A courtesy visit to the mayor?” asked the Constable. “No, I don’t need to see him…” muttered Kylo. He looked at the man and shook his head, “If he asks about you, what should I tell him?” “To keep his head, not to do anything foolish, to mind himself…” said the Constable. He shook his head, “I suppose that’s all. I’ve never been much for words, and this goodbye has dragged itself out long enough.” “Who said it was goodbye?” asked Kylo. “Don’t pretend he’s going to survive this…I can accept a lot of things, but if you keep making me say goodbye to him over and over, you’ll drive me mad,” said the Constable. He looked over at Kylo, “It’s why they tell us to act like they’re dead. It’s just too difficult knowing they’re going to die and not being allowed to see them. It’s like a goodbye that lasts two long years…it’s best for us to just get it over and done with.” But Hux was going to survive this. This time Kylo was going to make sure this didn’t end with his human’s blood on his hands. This time his human was going to do everything in his power to help his human live. As jealous as he was, and as frustrating as the boy could be, he was the first to try to fight his fate in this way, and the first to have a slight chance of winning. He was beautiful and…he was starting to reciprocate. It was slow and cautious and uncertain but Kylo could feel that Hux was starting to warm up to him. He accepted all of his touches and had bared himself for the first time for Kylo, not someone else. He had even kissed him. What they had might not have been love, but it stood a strong chance of becoming love, and Kylo didn’t want to lose him. Not another one. Not again. And he needed to make sure Hux knew how special he was. *** Kylo burst into his room and found Hux as he was expected to be, curled up on the side of the bed that he had claimed for himself. The noise, being much louder that he usually was when he entered caused Hux to sit up, confused as he was just coming out of a sound sleep. Kylo had only removed his protective mask and lowered his cowl. He moved quickly, pinning Hux on the bed beneath him. The human’s eyes were wide, panicking as Kylo embraced him, rolling so the boy was pulled on top of him. Hux fisted the sheets for some sort of purchase as Kylo held onto him tightly, “What are you doing!?” “I missed you,” said Kylo. “You were gone for less than a day,” protested Hux, glaring down at him. “And I missed you,” repeated Kylo, reaching up to pet his human’s hair and stroke his back, “I didn’t have much fun. I think I’ve taken your company for granted. You’re really one of the best companions I’ve ever had.” “…I tried to kill you,” said Hux. “But you were so sincere about it,” teased Kylo. He stroked the boy’s cheek, “I just keep rediscovering how precious you’ve become to me.” Hux shook his head, “You’ve only known me a week.” Kylo leaned up and kissed his cheek quickly, “A week’s been more than enough. While I was speaking with the Constable you came up in conversation. I heard that you had a way with horses.” Hux sighed slightly, “You woke me up for that?” When Kylo didn’t respond he let out another little sigh, “They told me when I started that I was supposed to be brave. They’re herd animals so if you can present yourself as someone they’ll follow, they’ll do what you need them to. That’s all I did, I was just good at it.” “I think you were more than good at it,” said Kylo, grinning slightly, “I heard you could calm a frightened horse with a look.” Hux shrugged, “Like I said, I was just good at it. Any of them could have done it.” “You’re selling yourself a bit short, dearest. That’s quite the talent you have. And I don’t really have a gentle way of breaking this to you, so I hope you’re well braced,” said Kylo, becoming more serious, “There’s a word for that sort of talent.” He brushed his hand against Hux’s cheek, “I think you might have a little magic in you.” Hux stared down at him for a moment. His lithe body froze before he started to slowly draw back, “No…” “There’s nothing to be ashamed of,” said Kylo, “It’s a very good thing.” Hux pulled away and untangled himself from the blankets. He began pacing around the room, his pale face becoming pink with anxiety and his eyes wide, “No, no it’s not a good thing…” “It is, it means that you aren’t like other humans,” said Kylo, rising up. “It was the only thing that made me like other humans!” shouted Hux. He began panting, resumed pacing, the very picture of agitation. He started shaking his head as he spoke, “You made a mistake. I’m not a witch, I can’t be…” “Can’t be or don’t want to be?” asked Kylo gently. “Can’t!” protested Hux, “I…I was tested.” “Tested?” asked Kylo. He had thought that all tests humans had for judging witchcraft resulted in death if a human didn’t have magical ability. “There was a woman. She knew…signs on the body that tell whether or not someone’s a witch. Marks on their palms, moles, things like that. I had her look at me. She said I wasn’t,” said Hux, “She told everyone I wasn’t a witch because they thought the same thing you did. I’m not a witch, I’m normal.” Kylo sighed, “Was this woman Roma?” “Roma?” asked Hux. “You might have heard the word gypsy or traveller. I think you said Romani once,” said Kylo. Hux nodded, “People were nervous so I asked her to do it. I talked with the Travellers a lot so…” Kylo nodded and understood what had happened. The woman was likely a palmist, someone trained the figure out a person’s history through deduction and observation. She had probably seen cases like Hux’s before and took pity on the boy, assuring everyone that he was perfectly harmless. She might have had absolutely no ability to detect magic at all, but knew an outsider when she saw one and decided to show some compassion, unwittingly keeping this truth about the boy from himself. “So I can’t be a witch,” said Hux, “You made a mistake…” Kylo sighed, “There are more…tests. We can do them to make sure, if you like.” “You’d be wasting your time,” said Hux, calming himself slightly. Giving a relenting nod, Kylo beckoned Hux over by flexing his fingers, “Come back to bed, darling. It’s cold without you.” The Human sat down on the bed, “You talked with Constable Kolozov?” Kylo nodded and sighed, “I did. You’re actually quite like him in a lot of ways.” “Did he say anything?” asked Hux. “He asked me to tell you to be good, keep your head,” replied Kylo. Hux sighed and smiled fondly, “That sounds like him.” The boy lay down and took a deep breath. Kylo inched in closer to him, “But speaking entirely in the hypothetical, if you were a witch, it would make vampires more likely to listen to you.” Pulling the blankets up, Hux asked, “Why?” “When the humans rebelled, they didn’t just try to wipe out vampires,” explained Kylo, “They were afraid of anyone they deemed monsters. Witches included. They were hunted and eliminated. So much so that there aren’t many laws concerning witches because we’re so unlikely to encounter them. As far as the state is concerned, you’re a human, but on the social level, you’ve something in common with us. It will make vampires more likely to listen to what you have to say. Not by much, but certainly more than if you had no magic.” Hux paused before giving a quiet nod and settling into bed. Kylo reached over and brushed the hair from his face, “I’m sorry dearest, I thought it would make you happy.” “My whole life I’ve been different, I couldn’t hide, but I always thought, ‘thank god I’m not one of them,’” said Hux. He fisted the sheets again, digging his fingers into his palms, “At least I was human…” “You still are, you just have a special gift,” said Kylo, “And it might be the best thing for you in the situation you’re in. You should take any advantage you can.” “I know that, I just…” Hux began. He tightened his fist, “It was the only thing that made me normal. Now I really am…I’m a monster.” “Humans throw that word around far too lightly,” muttered Kylo, moving in as close as he could. He tucked his human in close to his chest, “You did something foolish, but very brave to protect your friend. Monsters don’t do that.” Hux put a hand against his chest, “You’re making me cold…” “Give it a few moments and you’ll warm me, darling,” promised Kylo, kissing the top of his head. He stroked his hair gently, “You know, the odds of being red-haired and a witch are actually incredibly rare. And for you, very lucky.” He nuzzled the human gently, “If not for your hair I might have sent you away the night we met, and if you weren’t a witch your goal would be harder to reach. That’s lucky, isn’t it?” “You have a strange definition of luck,” said Hux quietly, “If I was lucky I would have been born in a big house with two parents…lots of horses in a pasture.” “And I suppose you’d have a library with all sorts of books,” replied Kylo, barely above a whisper. “I found one today that I could read without much trouble,” mumbled Hux. Kylo started slightly when he felt warm fingers brush against his chest, playing with the key around his neck. He rewarded the human by pulling him in closer and tickling his back. Hux immediately stiffened and shuddered before pressing in tightly. Kylo nuzzled his hair, “We’ll start with your lessons tomorrow, darling. Have you given any thought to bathing together?” Hux paused before answering, “Perhaps…if the water was clouded like before, and we stayed on our own sides.” “Well that’s no fun at all,” chided Kylo. He kissed Hux’s forehead, “You didn’t tell me there was a boy you liked. Or that he came to my house.” “I liked him, that’s all there was to it,” said Hux, letting out an empty huff of laughter, “I saw the way he tried to impress any of the women who came by, and I thought he was sort of stupid. He thought I was strange though. It wouldn’t have worked out…I shouldn’t have, and he didn’t like it but…sometimes I liked to look at him…” “Now wasn’t that naughty of you,” teased the vampire. Hux looked up at him haughtily, “Nothing like that. He just…he had a nice smile, and he was…he was more like you than like me.” Sighing and settling against his chest he added, “I’d pretend it was me he was trying to impress…I knew he wasn’t, but it was fun to imagine. I know I scared him. I’m surprised he didn’t tell me off or tell anyone that I liked other boys. I didn’t say anything but, I think he knew.” Kylo have his backside a slight pat, “I’ve been trying to impress you all week you know.” Hux tapped his chest in turn, “I’ve noticed, don’t worry.” “I haven’t seen my own face in nearly a millennium, but I think I’m just as handsome,” said Kylo. He pulled back so he could tilt Hux’s face up, “What do you think? Do you find me handsome?” Hux didn’t seem entirely happy when he looked up, but Kylo supposed he was overthinking the possibility of being a witch and his hopeless, if slight, infatuation. He looked Kylo over, “It’s hard to think about that with you. You’re everything I’m supposed to hate. You confuse me terribly. You’re the nicest anyone’s ever been to me but I’m stuck here and-” Taking the human’s cheeks in his hands and forcing him to keep looking up, “None of that, just my face. If you just happened to see me in passing, not knowing what I was or who I am, would you think I was handsome?” That gave his human some pause. He furrowed his brow and tried to shake his head, but couldn’t with Kylo thumbing his cheeks under his eyes. He mumbled quietly, “I’m not supposed to…” Which meant he did. Leaning down to kiss his forehead Kylo whispered, “It’s alright. It’s alright, you’re not doing anything wrong. Don’t be upset, darling.” “But what would they think…I swore I was going to avenge them…” said Hux. Kylo tucked his human back against his chest, “Killing me won’t solve anything. If you did, someone else would come to take my place and you wouldn’t be saving anyone. I think if they could see you, they’d tell you that the path you’re on is a much better one. And I think they’d tell you that it’s alright…you’ll be awfully lonely if you keep convincing yourself to hate me.” To his surprise the human burrowed his face into the fabric of his protective robes. He pressed as close as he could, one arm on his waist to stay flush against Kylo. A soft smile crossed Kylo’s lips as he stroked his human’s hair and back. Slightly muffled by the robes, Hux confessed, “You’re the first person who’s held me like this…” Kylo often took the position for granted. For the last few hundred years a human had been more or less obligated to keep his bed warm. He had never been starved for company, never needed to seek it out when he had a human about, and his own kind were hardly averse to rendezvous and prolonged visits. And before that he had plenty of friends. As a human his mother had always held him close and given him all the love he could have wanted. Sometimes he forgot that touch was something new for Hux, and something the human needed a chance to explore and experiment with before he could be comfortable. The poor thing would need to become a great deal less conflicted though. He felt so much guilt over his attraction he wasn’t allowing himself to act on it, and when that was combined with his nerves and awful past experience, the silly creature couldn’t even let himself be seen without wanting to cover up immediately and wallow in his melancholic thoughts. That would have to change. Not because Kylo wanted him and Hux wouldn’t act without a clear conscience, but if Hux was ever going to be happy here he would have to stop feeling guilty over enjoying things. How long did it take for humans to overcome deep-seeded feelings of guilt and shame? It couldn’t be terribly long, not when the future would be so bleak if Hux continued to deny himself any sort of happiness. This was a good start though. Kylo kissed his human again and settled in, ignoring the discomfort of sleeping in his armour. Chapter 16 Notes: Yo~~ So, I wound up not taking that hiatus after all. I found an eyepatch and muscled through instead! :P I know I really ought to take a break, but I can't help it. I hate to disappoint, and comments and kudos help me make it through my week (even if I don't have the time to answer them between work, holidays, health and moving.) Also (because I'm just that much of a masochist, apparently) I'm planning an Anorbomb! What's an Anorbomb? Basically it's when I hit A03 with everything I've got, meaning all WIPs and multichapter fics get an update, and new oneshots. I hope to have it done by Christmas, but I might have to settle for New Years. He really shouldn’t have slept in his armour. Kylo woke up and not only found himself stiff, he found his human gone again. He reached for the key and found it tucked under his clothes. He bolted up and called out, “Hux!” The boy was standing on the other side of the room, startled by the shout and pressing himself up against the wall. His eyes were wide and he hand his hand outstretched. In front of him was a strange sight. A wraith, no longer obscured by the shadows. They were a sorry sight when they were fully visible, Kylo thought. Their limbs long and stretched, unnaturally thin for what they once were. Their bodies white as sheets, a thousand shades lighter than the natural pallor of any human. They were naked, and possessed no sex organs. As they forgot themselves they lost the ability to manifest themselves as they once were, only being able to maintain a shape suitable for their tasks. As such it had no face either, just a smooth surface. No mouth to speak, just a pair of holes for ears to hear a command. Kylo repeated more calmly, “Hux, what are you doing?” “There were two…they got sort of…sort of tangled,” said Hux, still fretful. His eyes were wide, “They were all stuck together…” That must have been an awful sight. Kylo had seen it before. Not being able to distinguish themselves from other wraiths, sometimes they tangled together and became nothing but a bundle of limbs. He was surprised Hux, who was terrified of wraiths, had been able to keep calm long enough to help them separate themselves. The wraith itself was fixated on Hux, and the human seemed to be growing more and more unnerved as it seemed to watch him with an eyeless face. Hux looked over at Kylo, “They were all nearby yesterday too…make it stop…” That was right. Kylo had given them orders to watch the boy if he seemed like he was going to relieve himself. However, the boy didn’t seem to have any interest in that at the moment. If Kylo hadn’t known any better, he might think the wraith was trying to thank him, greet him, trying to communicate somehow, something none of them had attempted for at least a century. “How did you untangle them?” asked Kylo, slipping out of bed and working at his robes and armour. “I…I just told them they only had four limbs each, two arms and two legs…I told them to separate and they did, eventually, and…” the human shook his head and backed further into his corner, biting back a whimper as he cried out, “Please make it leave me alone!” “Alright, alright,” assured Kylo. He looked at the wraith, “You heard him, it’s time to go back now.” The wraith darted into the shadows, quicker than a wink. Hux gasped at the movement and looked over at Kylo from his corner, completely terrified, “…it wouldn’t stop…” “I know, it’s over now, you’re alright,” promised Kylo, “Why didn’t you wake me?” “They…they just looked so…” began Hux. He shook his head, “But then it cornered me and…” “Cornered you?” asked Kylo. Hux nodded, “They separated and…it kept coming forward until…y-you saw it. It was right there and…it wouldn’t leave me alone.” “Darling, how long have you been up?” asked Kylo. “…I don’t know…” whispered Hux. That was extremely odd. The wraiths had long since stopped trying to communicate their wants to him. He had thought, for at least the past seven hundred years that they had forgotten what wants were. But one of them had wanted something from Hux, clearly. Kylo tried to figure out what it might be, and how a creature with no sense of what it even was anymore could have the capacity to want something from another being, and to want it so badly to keep Hux cornered for a decent amount of time. They used to be servants. What would a servant want when someone who more or less filled the role of ‘mistress’ assisted them? Did it want to apologize? Did it want to say thank you? Had some long suppressed memory returned and it suddenly have the urge to instinctively act on it? Either way, Hux had been too terrified to tell it off and the wraith had forgotten what it had been trying to accomplish and decided to crouch by the boy’s feet. Kylo got up, his robes stripped away and now only dressed in a pair of trousers. He crossed the room to join Hux in his corner, “Shh…it’s alright, they won’t hurt you.” “It just…it started crawling and…it came right up to me and…then it just kept staring and it wouldn’t go away,” mumbled Hux. Kylo could hear his poor heart pounding and his breath, far too quick, filling the air. “It’s all over, you’re safe,” promised Kylo. He reached out and took the boy’s hand, “But you really ought to have stayed in bed. If something’s amiss like that you ought to wake me up.” Hux nodded, though he might have been too terrified to process any of it. Kylo slowly pulled him out of the corner, “Come on dearest, that’s it…it was nothing, it didn’t hurt you…” Kylo continued to mull over the situation. The wraiths became tangled. Armitage had noticed and got out of bed to help them, then one of them stayed. Perhaps it had been following an order? Kylo tried to think if he had dreamed of anything that might have accidently given them an order to watch his human. He couldn’t recall. The other possibility was that Hux might have said something that unwittingly compelled the wraith to stay and watch over him. Then he recalled his human was lonely and was starting to crave touch and affection…but the wraiths shouldn’t have been able to hear his thoughts. “Did you say something to it?” asked Kylo. “No I…I told them to pull themselves apart and then one left and the other…you saw what it was doing,” said Hux, recovering some volume in his voice. Kylo pulled Hux into an embrace. Whatever it was, it was likely a fluke. It probably wouldn’t happen again. He shushed his human and chided him gently, “Next time wake me and stay in bed. Alright? You’re not supposed to leave the bed at night unless you need to.” Hux suddenly stiffened, “You won’t…you’re not going to…” Kylo furrowed his brow and looked down, “Going to what?” Hux pulled away and narrowed his eyes, covering his backside with his hands, “Y-you know what.” Kylo grinned, looking Hux over, “Well now, this does put is in quite the odd situation, doesn’t it? You were trying to be helpful, but you were being disobedient.” The boy’s expression instantly became sour as he growled, “Don’t you dare…” “Hm…but is it really a punishment if you enjoy it?” Kylo wondered aloud. Hux’s cheeks pinked at the accusation and looked away. Kylo grinned and approached, “Hm? Would this be a punishment for getting out of bed, or a nice little reward for trying to help?” “I don’t want a spanking,” insisted the boy. “Then you should have used your head and woke me up at the first sight of trouble. I expect between this and the wraith you’ll have a hard time forgetting your lesson,” said Kylo, backing away so he could sit on the bed, “The longer you resist and pout the less time we’ll have for your lessons.” Hux kept his hands by his sides and pouted slightly, looking at Kylo pleadingly. It would be a battle of wills. The vampire expected that despite his human watching him with eyes like a frightened puppy, he could hold out longer. Armitage would want to get to his lessons and Kylo wasn’t going to let him have them until he submitted. As much as he wanted his human, and wanted for the elimination of blood-tax, he was still the lord, and Hux was his subject. They wouldn’t last terribly long if his human lost sight of that fact. The boy let out a slight whine as he stepped forward. Kylo took him by the wrist and gently lowered him over his lap, keeping a hand over his back, “Now, it was something of an accident, and you did have a fright, how many swats do you think would be fair?” “I didn’t do anything wrong!” protested Hux. Kylo exposed him, listening to the boy cry out and gasp in protest as he struggled, “Stop! Don’t!” Kylo patted his rump and traced over the freckles, “Hm…Should I? Shouldn’t I? It’s a difficult choice…” The second Kylo removed his hand from Hux’s back he sprang away, straightening out his nightgown and shooting the vampire a look that could only be described as venomous. He crossed his arms, “I made a mistake! I wasn’t trying to-” “Oh, you’re angry?” asked Kylo, feigning confusion. “Of course I’m angry!” snapped Hux. “So you must not be frightened anymore,” said the vampire in a matter-of-fact fashion. Hux opened his mouth to say something and paused. He was still angry, and from the smell of him still fairly aroused, but he certainly wasn’t frightened anymore. He glanced over his shoulder at the darkest corner of the room hesitantly, as if the wraith might be crouching, waiting for him again. It had been the strangest thing. Not impossible, but certainly out of the ordinary. Kylo couldn’t exactly scold them, since their sole remaining thoughts were, usually, to obey . If the boy had been using magic the wraith wouldn’t have behaved that way. Armitage clearly wanted it to leave, so if he was exerting some sort of control, the wraith ought to have obeyed him and retreated. It hadn’t tried to hurt him. It could perceive sight, though it no longer had eyes. It may have been trying to look at him, though to what end that would be, Kylo had no idea. He wondered if his own thoughts were affecting them, if his desire was starting to creep into their minds along with his commands. If that was the case, it was possible the wraiths might have a slight infatuation with Armitage. Then he recalled the letter. He had not commanded the wraiths to open the letter Armitage’s friend had sent him. He simply told one of them to ‘do something with it.’ He assumed it was just following a learned pattern of behaviour, being handed a letter and opening it on a sort of instinct, but he might have accidentally prompted it to take independent action. Kylo had tried to do it in the past, when his servants had first started turning, but as they forgot themselves they couldn’t recall what they did with their free time. They lost their speech next, and their bodies began to change. He tried prompting them, and sometimes they might last a few days, doing their tasks without orders, but then they would forget again. Armitage had something to do with it, but being unable to question a wraith he wasn’t sure what exactly happened, but the wraith had detected the boy’s presence and decided to stop. But why? Obviously it wanted to stop and stay with Armitage, but its reason could range to anything from thinking the boy was an out of place bit of furniture to wanting to sit for a while with another being. If this was what had happened, if his command regarding the letter had done this, then it would fade again. It always faded. “Well, with that all over, why don’t we start you with your reading and writing? I…think I already know what your first exercise will be,” said Kylo, unable to keep all of the sheepishness out of his voice. The letter the Roskovna girl had written was still burning a hole in his conscience. *** “I want to preface this by saying I’m sorry.” Hux’s eyes widened as he sat down by the table in the study which would, for now, suffice as his school desk. Kylo knew the words would come as a shock, it would have been the first time that he had apologized for anything in some time. Sitting opposite Hux, he regarded the human seriously. He prepared himself for any reaction the boy could have. Hux might just start to hate him all over again for this. Why shouldn’t he? He had kept kind words from one of his few friends from the poor boy. It would be reasonable of him. Kylo had kept it for such petty reasons too. He had been jealous of their friendship and didn’t like the girl’s opinion of him. Kylo pulled the blue envelope from his pocket. He hadn’t bothered resealing it. He placed it on the table, sitting down opposite Hux. The boy looked down at it with some confusion. Kylo turned it so he could see the writing a little more clearly, but it seemed to do no good. The looping handwriting was too complex for the boy to read. “This fell out of the dress that arrived two days ago,” said Kylo. He tapped it twice with his fingertips, “It’s for you. I ought to have given it to you as soon as I found it wasn’t dangerous.” Hux reached and picked it up, examining it as if he had never seen a letter in his life before. Squinting at the hand-writing, he seemed to be trying to make out his name. He clutched the letter tightly between his thumb and forefingers, “But…if it’s not yours then…how did you open it?” Casting his eyes down at the table he replied, “I told a wraith to do something with it. It chose to open the letter. Once it had, I was…I read it.” He continued to speak, trying to justify himself, “I had to make sure it wasn’t dangerous, darling.” “Why didn’t you just let me open it?” asked Hux, sounding angrier. “I should have. If the wraith hadn’t-” Kylo began. “You said I could have it!” exclaimed Hux, raising his voice and clasping his letter to his chest. He glared at Kylo, “You lied to me…I suppose I never should have listened to you in the first place.” “Dearest, I didn’t do it to hurt you,” said Kylo, keeping his voice low. “You have everything you could ever want!” snapped Hux. He slapped his hand against the letter angrily, “This is all I have that’s mine and you kept from me! You thought that wouldn’t hurt!?” “I wasn’t thinking about that,” admitted Kylo, trying to agree with the human to help him calm down. “Of course you weren’t!” spat Hux. He continued in a low voice, “You were thinking of yourself, weren’t you?” Kylo closed his eyes, “Will you listen to me if I explain myself?” The boy crossed his arms, protecting the letter against his chest as he kept on glaring. At least he wasn’t shouting anymore. Kylo folded his hands in his lap neatly and replying quietly, “I was angry, and jealous.” “Jealous of what?” spat Hux, “What could you possibly have to be jealous about?” “Her,” replied Kylo, gesturing towards the letter with an open hand, “I was jealous of her.” He waited for a reply but Hux didn’t give him one. He just kept trying to shield the letter from Kylo. The vampire continued, “She wrote about how much she loved you and missed you, and it made me jealous.” Hux shook his head, clearly disgusted by what he was hearing, “I’m not allowed to have any friends but you, is that it?” That had been the case with the others. When their lot was drawn, humans acted as if the blood tax was going to die when they left. Everyone said their goodbyes, they didn’t write, and Kylo had his human all to himself. It was selfish, he knew it was, but he wanted the same from Armitage. He wanted to see his lovely human smile and know he was the reason for it. Kylo wanted to know that he had the human’s love. He wanted so badly to say that he loved the boy and have Armitage accept his love. Even now he saw what the letter meant to the boy and it made Kylo seethe inside. He could tell that if he tried to take Hux’s letter the boy would fight for it. Armitage couldn’t even read what was written but he was ready to fight a creature a hundred times stronger than he was simply because his dear friend had written it. Kylo tried to explain, “It’s been more than a week, and I care so much…but you don’t care for me at all, do you? You won’t even use me to take your own pleasure. If you were incapable of love I’d think nothing of it, but you can love so deeply…I saw this letter, thought you might never love me as much as you do her…it was wrong of me to go back on our promise. I took it, but I never meant to keep it.” “And that makes everything alright?” asked Hux, “You say you’re sorry and I’m supposed to forget this? Forget how you lied to me? What else can you get your wraiths to open for you?” He broke off his tirade as a frightened expression crossed his face. He hid it as quickly as he could but Kylo understood. If he could trick a wraith into opening a letter, there were other, more precious things a wraith might be used to open. Kylo reached forward, trying to be as calm and soothing as he could, “Would you like me to read it to you?” “No!” Hux cried immediately, hugging his arms around his chest and squeezing the letter against his body, shielding it from Kylo. “I see…do you still want to learn?” asked Kylo, gesturing to a copy-book, “I thought I could read your letter to you so you could write back.” “You’ve had it for long enough,” growled Hux. “Darling I’ve no interest in keeping it from you. I know I took it, but I returned it. Would I do that if I intended to steal it?” asked Kylo, trying to appeal to the boy’s sense of reason, “And I want you to be amiable around me. I know you would hate me if I took it from you again. It’s alright darling…just show me one more time and I’ll never touch it again.” “I said no!” snapped Hux, “I wear your dresses, I let you touch me, you…you saw me naked…but you can’t have this. I’m not letting you take anything else away from me!” The boy sat, braced, obviously preparing for Kylo to strike him. He curled in on the letter slightly, protecting it as much as he could. He was such a sad sight that Kylo couldn’t bring himself to punish the boy. He ought to have. He was being completely unruly, disrespectful and disobedient. With the fit the boy was throwing he ought to take the letter away and lock him in the pantry. He had been lenient and now Hux was acting out again. And yet if he wasn’t lenient enough his poor human would certainly break. Besides, the boy was the one who had been wronged, they both knew it, but this behaviour was… Kylo pondered over Hux’s words. Certainly from the human’s point of view he had everything. He had a long life span while the boy could die in two years. He had a safe home, was raised by loving parents, had any material thing he could have wanted, a human to be his loving companion, and by comparison, the boy had nothing. His guardian hated him, he considered a night in prison a reprieve, his friends kept being taken from him, and everyone around him was either harsh with him or frightened by him. And now he had something from his home, sent by his friend, not something Kylo had handed down to him. It was the only thing he had from home. Some girls brought a purse, a small trunk, at least a set of clothes, but Hux had nothing. Then Kylo had taken it from him. It had been a terrible thing to do, and he felt badly for it, but he couldn’t let his human behave this way. He couldn’t allow a human to be in control. They had tried being equals once but humans had ruined it. Allowing a human to take control, or allowing it to even thing that it was equal to a vampire was flirting with disaster. He tried to be firm. He held out his hand, “Armitage, I gave you a command. Give me the letter. This isn’t a game or a joke. You’re going to give me the letter and apologize for shouting.” It wasn’t fair, and Kylo could feel that it wasn’t right, but it needed to be done. Hux wasn’t allowed to feel that he was the one in charge. He’d made a terrible mistake in being so soft with this human. Hux clutched the letter, “I’m sorry. Don’t take it. You promised I could keep it.” “And you’ll have it, but I want you to give it to me first, just for a little while, and you can have it back. Now be a good boy and hand it over,” said Kylo calmly. He pressed further, “She’ll be wanting a reply. You can’t write back if you don’t know what’s written. I only want to read it to you.” Hux shook his head, “No…” “You’re not listening darling, I said I would give it back,” said Kylo, becoming frustrated. His tone made Hux curl his legs up, willing to defend the letter with everything he had. Being rough wasn’t going to work. It stung, seeing him defending this memento, one he couldn’t even read, and knowing the boy disliked him so much he wouldn’t even use Kylo to relieve his urges. He was so brave and caring, but not for him. The knowledge hurt, and he wanted to change their situation, make the boy love him, but he needed to keep Hux in his place. He couldn’t let a human… Hux unfolded himself slowly and held the letter in his lap, no longer protecting it with his body, “Please…please don’t keep it…” “I won’t,” assured Kylo, reaching forward, “Will you give it to me?” Hux held it out and as Kylo took it he thought the boy might just launch himself over the table to try to snatch it again. He seemed to be barely restraining himself, and Kylo could hardly blame him, but knew it had to be this way. Humans couldn’t be equals. Perhaps blood tax was too much punishment, but he had seen what happened when humans tried to take power and didn’t want any of them, especially Hux, trying to rise against him. He unfolded the paper carefully and spread it in front of him. Hux listened with rapt attention as Kylo read him Illya’s message. He hated doing it, more than he hated reading from that old history book. Revisiting the words forced him to revisit emotions he hadn’t wanted to. The girl calling him a monster, hoping he wasn’t mistreating Hux. The girl seemed to think he was some monster, that he was a pervert, that she hoped Hux would be strong in the misery he was no doubt feeling, and more than that, that she loved him. That she would keep writing and she would always love him. It hurt to read it. This was what humans thought of him, but they needed to think those things. The alternative was another rebellion. Hearing hate combined with so much love that wasn’t meant for him, that would keep Hux from him was too much to take. He slid the paper and envelope back to Hux, “There’s your first lesson, write your reply to her. I’ll have a look later and check your writing and grammar. But you remember what you have to do.” “Say goodbye…tell her not to write,” muttered Hux. He was pale as he listened to the last words he would hear from his friend. He took the letter and the envelope back, reverently replacing it before setting it in his lap. “I didn’t have to give it to you at all. I stopped letting all of the others write; this is because you never got to say a proper goodbye,” said Kylo, trying not to sound cruel. He moved paper and a pen and ink towards Hux, “Write your reply. I’ll see that it’s sent.” He didn’t expect Hux to thank him. There was little reason for him to do so. They made a bargain, a sort of wager. If Hux received a letter he could have it and write a reply. Still, Kylo hoped he would. Give a little sign that Hux understood how sorry Kylo was, and that he was hurt as well. Just a little sweetness to show that all was forgiven. Instead the boy uncapped the ink with shaking hands and got another bit of paper ready for blotting. He was shaking almost as badly as the first few days when he’d arrived. He held the pen and looked at the blank piece of paper. Either he had forgotten how to write or he didn’t know how to say a final goodbye. “It might not be forever darling,” sighed Kylo, moving closer. Hux pulled back and stuffed the letter down the bodice of his wine coloured dress. Kylo stopped while the boy watched him with nothing but suspicion. He kept a distance as he continued, “If you succeed in what you’re trying you might see her again.” “But it could be goodbye,” said Hux, looking down at the paper again, “If it doesn’t work…if I can’t figure it out or nobody listens to me, I’m going to die. I don’t…I don’t want to get her hopes up but…I was so sure we would see each other again. If I’d known…I would have spent more time with her and less time trying to fund some useless revenge scheme.” He clutched the pen tightly in his hand, “How do you say sorry for something like that?” One of the many drawbacks to a long life was all the regrets one tended to accumulate along the way. A human might only collect eighty years’ worth of ‘if only’ or ‘I should have’ and ‘I wish I had never.’ Kylo could instantly recall hundreds of times he had made little mistakes that hurt other people, or neglected to tell someone how he felt, or passed up on an experience out of fear and found he would never get the chance to try again. Some of them were silly things. He wished he hadn’t torn up his mother’s prized roses to try to make her a bouquet. He often felt silly over mistakes he made learning new languages. And then there were more serious things. He should have spoken more with his father. He would have if he had known he would disappear…or perhaps he might not have disappeared at all if Kylo had done something. And his humans…his poor humans, looking up at him adoringly before he moved his mouth close to the large veins of their throats… He moved a little closer to his human, “You can’t. It isn’t fair, but words can’t always express how deeply you feel…why don’t you tell me what you’d say to her, and then write that down.” Hux glared at him for a moment. He looked Kylo over before his expression softened slightly and he moved aside for Kylo to sit near him. “It won’t work. You’re nothing like her.” “I don’t have to be,” said Kylo softly, sitting beside his human, “It’s just to collect your thoughts.” The boy kept his left hand over his chest, shielding the letter hidden in his dress. Kylo raised his hand to put it around Hux, “She said she loved you-” The boy turned sharply and bared his flat teeth, “Don’t you dare touch me.” Kylo sat stunned for a moment, holding his hand in the air as he wondered what he ought to do. Hux was not supposed to speak to him that way. Humans were not supposed to speak to him that way. If he felt like touching one of his humans, that was his right. Hux was different though. Kylo knew how little it would take to break him all over again, but he couldn’t stand for this sort of behaviour. “I expect you need some time to think. I was going to let you write and help you with your lessons, but you obviously prefer to nurse your grudge instead of speaking with your friend or learning something useful,” he growled, grabbing Hux’s arm and hauling him up, “If you’re going to be like that you can sit in the pantry until you’ve come to your senses.” Hux barely fought this time. Occasionally he tried to jerk his arm away, but for the most part he followed, letting Kylo drag him through the hall until they stopped at the pantry. Kylo opened the door and shoved him inside. Hux glared at him, arms crossed over his chest for warmth and to protect the letter that had started this whole mess, “Now you stay there and think about what you’ve done. You can come out when you’re agreeable.” “I thought you were different,” Hux growled at him. Kylo nearly crushed the handle in his fists as he exclaimed, “You think I’m like them!?” Hux took a slight step back, cautious, but kept glaring at Kylo as he pressed his fingertips into his palms. Kylo gripped the doorway with his free hand and shouted, “I’ve been patient with you! I’ve done everything I can think of to make you happy and comfortable and you still think I’m an evil monster! I made a mistake, one small mistake, and suddenly I’m just like your step-father!? You cruel, heartless little-” “Minx?” offered Hux through gritted teeth. Kylo’s eyes widened at the word. Snarling, he slammed the door shut and locked it. He shouted at the door, “Ungrateful bastard!” The words were barely out of his mouth by the time Kylo regretted them. He wanted to take them back, gather the boy up in his arms, embrace him and say how sorry he was. He hadn’t meant a single word. All of this had started because of him and his jealousy, Armitage had only been reacting to it. He was right to feel hurt and betrayed. He was right no not want to be touched and angry. The boy had been trying, clearly, he had even let Kylo sit beside him. The human was almost completely in the right but Kylo couldn’t let a human behave that way… He moved without a sound, sitting by the door in the hall. He knew he should apologize. It was what felt right. He should apologize and keep apologizing for everything. He should say he was sorry for taking Hux’s friends, for his hand in his parent’s unhappy history, for keeping him locked up in a castle away from the sun and his horses, for placing so many unfair expectations on him… He tried to imagine how it would feel. To have a creature who could easily subdue him, order him to undress for his pleasure, to hold still while he was touched, and forbid him to refuse. He had been a brute, and as kind as he tried to be Hux was still practically a prisoner. The whole thing must have been terrifying, for Hux and for every human who came before him. They must have all been so frightened. Kylo told himself that they all adjusted and he made them happy, that it justified taking them…killing them… “I’m sorry…” he whispered, though nobody could hear, “I didn’t mean any of it…I’m sorry…” The last time he cried was when Bell had passed. He had felt horrible for what he had done. He had told himself that she was sick, that it was the kindest thing he could do, that he had managed to give her some happiness before she had become ill. Even if the illness would have slowly taken her, that death was still on his hands, and those of countless before her. Armitage was right. He was a monster. Something that took and killed and terrified others into compliance and hurt people when he didn’t get his way. Armitage was a human, but he was his human. He didn’t deserve this treatment. In the last few hours he’d done nothing wrong. And now the boy was going to hate him. Why shouldn’t he? Kylo had hurt him, again. It was a poor excuse but the thought of Armitage refusing to love him was agony. The boy had every right and reason to refuse him, but it hurt. All he wanted was a kind look or some understanding. The boy was capable of it, just not where vampires were concerned. It made sense, but the rejection hurt so much. “I’m sorry…” Kylo repeated to himself. All this over a silly letter. He should have just given it to Hux, gotten it over with. The boy might have even appreciated his honesty. Now he had to deal with the consequences of one terrible decision that may have ruined everything. The idea that Hux would liken him to that Bailiff sickened him. In Hux’s eyes were they really so similar? That awful man had watched, waited for an opportunity and exploited the boy’s loneliness. Kylo had told himself he was different because he loved Armitage, and that someday Armitage might love him back. He convinced himself that locking the boy up until he wanted love so badly he would take it in whatever form he could find it was a perfectly acceptable thing to do. He would never do such a thing to his own kind. He could stop it. He could end it all of that right now. All he had to do was open the pantry door. But he couldn’t…he couldn’t let a human speak to him like that. When it came down to it he had to choose. Did he want Hux so badly that he was willing to risk the human going completely out of control? Give a human an inch and they would destroy everything they touched. There was a reason they needed to be kept down. He heard some movement, fabric rustling. It seemed Hux was finally moving about, probably trying to make himself comfortable. Kylo wondered if the wraiths had left the blanket in the pantry. He must have been very cold. Hux was being so quiet this time, and his acceptance of the punishment unnerved Kylo far more than his crying and fighting from the first time he had been locked in. Listening, he could hear that the human’s breathing and heart were both loud and quick. Humans hated the dark, he was probably frightened. All he had done was refuse to be touched and try to keep a letter that was rightfully his. It would be different if Hux had hit him. If the boy had screamed and fought and threatened to kill him. He hadn’t. He’d been loud and his behaviour had been aggressive, but it was typical defensive behaviour for most creatures. He ought to let the boy out, talk things over with him, try to explain himself. He was only making things worse between them by keeping him locked up. Hux was going to hate him. He had every right to. He should have never let himself think that the human would see him as anything other than a monster. He reached up behind him and undid the latch on the door. Hux came tumbling out, a tangle of limbs and fabric. He must have been leaning against the door. Kylo didn’t look up at him as he gathered himself and straightened out his skirts so he could move more freely. Kylo kept his eyes fixed on the floor, “You’re not allowed to speak to me that way…but you weren’t…you weren’t unreasonable…you should go to the bedroom and we’ll try-” He felt warmth, not touching him, but radiating close. Hux wasn’t going to the bedroom it seemed. Kylo closed his eyes, waiting to hear a tirade about how horrible he was and how awful he had been. He deserved it, after everything he had done to the human. A little petting wasn’t enough to make up for the losses he had suffered. Kylo waited a moment, waiting for Hux to say something. He waited for Hux to call him a monster, to storm off. “You’re sort of a pathetic vampire, aren’t you?” Soft warmth pressed up against his shoulder. Hux didn’t make any motion to embrace him, he simply nestled against his shoulder and waited. Kylo felt the human’s warmth seep through his clothes and into his own flesh. He waited for Hux to leave, but he stayed, pressed against his shoulder. He wasn’t trembling, his breathing was quick, but he seemed more nervous than frightened. He pressed in closer, “You’ve done awful things, and you’re entitled, controlling, and you seem completely out of touch, but I don’t think you’re bad.” Kylo stopped and looked over at him. Hux was keeping his eyes fixed on the ground and playing with a little wrinkle in the fabric of his dress. He stayed on the floor, cuddled close, but not making any move to comfort him with anything beyond his presence. He shifted slightly to get more comfortable and kept his warm, slim body pressed in closely to Kylo’s cold frame. He sighed, “You aren’t like them. And…you did say sorry. Nobody’s ever said sorry to me before.” The boy curled his legs up for warmth, “Not that I like what you did, or that I’m going to pretend it never happened, but you did apologize, and you seem to understand that what you’ve been doing is wrong…you’re trying to change.” Humans did things automatically. They breathed without thinking about it and their blood coursed through their brains all by itself. When they were upset they cried, and when they were touched their bodies responded with a human having very little control over how they responded. Vampires had to think about their bodily functions. They had to think about breathing, will their blood to run, concentrate to have their bodies, which were dead by human reckoning, perform things that human bodies did all on their own. As such, Kylo couldn’t cry unless he wanted to. He did sometimes, it cleaned his eyes, kept them from burning. But there were also times like these where he felt so overwhelmed and he felt if he didn’t cry, he might explode. So he let the tears run down his face and let himself have the physical comfort of letting his feelings out. He felt Hux put a hand on his shoulder. Kylo leaned against him, pressing against his human’s chest. He nuzzled against the human’s warm body, “I never meant to hurt you…you’re the last person I want to hurt…” He wrapped his arms around his human, feeling Hux’s hands settle over him, one on his back and one in his hair. He’d done so much wrong to his poor human and he felt awful for it. He thought of every human that came before Hux and it all began to catch up with him. At first he thought that he was in the right. After the human uprising had been crushed the vampires that remained devised a system to ensure that humans would never attack them en masse again. They had attacked everything that wasn’t considered human and killed or expelled every witch in the country. It was decided that they would pay dearly. The vampires decided they would attack them at their heart; the children of their pack. Noting that human males tended to particularly coddle their daughters, they decided that to demoralize the ones most likely to rise up, they would take something precious to them. At the time it seemed fair. Everyone who survived the uprising had lost someone, a good friend, a lover, a child, the latter being especially heinous since it was so difficult for vampires to have children at all. To command humans to give up one child every year to be bled over the course of two years seemed overly generous. So the tradition of blood tax began, after the leaders of the uprising had been executed and made examples of. Kylo recalled the very first girl. He could barely remember her because he had been so disgusted with her at the time. He looked at her and all he could think of was that she and ones like her had been responsible for so much death. All vampires had been brutal with their humans, and Kylo was no exception. He made sure that they all suffered. They were fed, given water and warmth, kept alive, but he alternatingly neglected them and hurled abuses at them. He told them how ugly he found them, how disgusting their bodily functions were, what wretched little monsters they had been. And he hit them. He regretted it now, but he had hit them. The girls would shriek and shrink away whenever he entered the room, not knowing what he would do to them. He had done terrible things to them. In hindsight the length of time it took for his rage to subside disgusted him. It started when he received another girl. It must have been decades after the uprising. Kylo took her into the front hall and shoved her to the ground. He began by asking her how many her family had killed, if they even knew the names of the ones they slaughtered. They were the questions he always started with. She screamed that she never killed anyone and she had no idea what he was talking about. Kylo hadn’t believed her at first, demanding that she answer him. She kept crying and screaming that she didn’t know what he meant by it. In time he came to the conclusion that humans had taken their own measures to prevent a rebellion. They had stopped talking about it. They hadn’t told their children about it, believing by never speaking of it, they could prevent it from happening again. It was the first time a girl had come to him not even knowing what humans had done wrong. Her generation was the first of humans who were innocent of what their parents hand done, and yet they possessed just as much potential to become like them. Kylo had locked her in a room, just like he had done with the others. He found, in spite of his anger, he couldn’t bring himself to hit her. He fed her, made sure she was in good health, but never tried to speak with her, despite her efforts to talk to him. He didn’t want to speak with her. She was a human, the enemy, he told himself she didn’t deserve the comfort. He tried to hold out against her, but couldn’t. It had been some time since his servants had died, serving him past their natural life and had become wraiths. He had been lonely. He wanted someone to talk to her and was so desperate that he finally caved in, exchanging a few words with her now and then. She was still frightened by him, and cried whenever he fed from her, but she still wanted to speak with him at least. The day before Kylo killed her, he allowed her out. He let her sit in his dining room to have her meal and sit in a proper chair. He hadn’t quite been sure what possessed him, but he had sent away for a new dress. For her last day she had good food, decent clothing and a soft bed. Kylo made sure she was asleep before completely draining her. She hadn’t even woken up when his teeth jabbed into her throat. When he finished and looked down at the corpse laying on his bed she seemed serene, content, almost happy. Slowly his relationship with his humans began to change. He stopped hating them. He stopped locking them up and began to regard them as more of a nuisance than as prisoners of war. He kept them dressed because he didn’t want them looking ratty and ordered them to stop crying at him and mistaking his actions for charity. He supposed he only really stopped thinking of them as nuisances and more as pets when they started becoming physical with him. As his treatment became gentler, they became loving with him. They would nuzzle against him, cling to him, and in time invite him to make love to them. Being lonely himself and with his hate having dissipated, he accepted. He started to fall in love with his humans as he got used to their treatment and eagerness for attention in their solitude. He came to expect it, and started making rules that he hoped would encourage his humans to love him. He started to love the warmth of their bodies, the feel of them sleeping beside him, how sweet they were. Sometimes he would get a boy, if there was a war or disaster and the population had dropped, or a girl who had no interest in men. They were often difficult, and while not all of them consented to make love to him, they had been friends and he had loved them all the same. As the years went on he found he enjoyed caring for them, nurturing them, and most were more than happy to allow him to dress them, bathe them, and feed them by hand. He saw them as his lovely pets, creatures he was sent to play with and dote on. The fact that he had to kill them became less palatable, but he had to do it so many times that he had become numb to it. It was an unfortunate reality, a slight thorn in his side, but for all he disliked it he never tried to take action in stopping it. He had asked, once, if it was possible for him to stop, but that was all. It was like he never realized that stopping it was an option. All of his humans had seemed so elated that he had no interest in torturing them that their guard dropped the second they realized he only wanted to dote on him. Then a boy had snuck into his castle, wearing a dress and tried to take his revenge for so many deaths. Deaths that Kylo had caused and became so numb to that he thought of them as something that should only be a minor hiccup in their relationship. Blood tax ought to be irrelevant by now, but Kylo didn’t know how to keep his humans from becoming violent without it…but Hux seemed to think that there might be a way. He buried his face in Hux’s chest and the boy mumbled, “I’m not sure tutors are supposed to do that.” “Do you mind? I’m having an epiphany and it’s not a good one,” Kylo mumbled, crying against his human’s chest. “Why are you upset? I’m the one who got locked in a pantry,” huffed Hux. Kylo clung to him and stopped his crying. He didn’t feel like he needed to anymore. All he wanted was to lie with his human and be at peace with him. He didn’t care if he was lying in the middle of a hallway. He asked quietly, “Do you hate me?” The boy remained quiet. He seemed to think about his answer for ages before he finally muttered, “I hate what you did…but now that I’ve met you…I can’t seem to do it anymore. It just won’t come. And I feel so…so fickle for it. I spent thirteen years determined to stop you, and now…I can’t seem to make myself hate you.” He wrapped his arms around Hux tighter and asked, “Could you love me?” The boy answered much more readily, “I…I don’t know…” “I see,” said Kylo, rubbing his human’s back, “I expect I would feel the same in your situation.” “I’ll like you more if you don’t steal my letters though,” said Hux, pulling back slightly. He sighed, “I suppose we’re not going to attempt lessons again after that.” “No,” said Kylo, moving to face his human, leaning over the boy slightly, “You need to learn how to write properly, and that message needs a reply. I should be able to compose myself by the time you finish. If your reading is any indication it might take you some time.” He kissed Hux’s cheek, “Go to the study, dearest, I’ll be along shortly.” Hux nodded and left him in the hall. Kylo stopped for a moment, holding his hands before letting them go. He needed to figure out their situation. Hux wasn’t his equal. He was a human, it was something that simply couldn’t be allowed. But he didn’t want to be unfair with him or any of his humans anymore. Just because they weren’t equal didn’t mean he should be allowed to hurt them for such petty things. He didn’t want to do it anymore. But if word got out that he had gone soft, his humans could all be in greater danger than he had ever put them in before. That would depend on whether he was allowed to leave his territory peacefully or not. It might not come to that though. If Armitage could make a decent case and the vampires were willing to listen to a witch, there was a chance nobody would ever have to find out that he no longer had an interest in hurting humans. Chapter 17 Notes: It was such a stressful, bad week that I completely forgot to contact my beta reader for this fic (the amazing Megnotegg). I'm really sorry about that. It's okay if anyone wants to point out any spelling or grammar errors (except Hux's writing, those were 100% on purpose), but I hope it won't put you off of the story as a whole. I'm a cashier, Black Friday week just happened at my store...it was bad. America can have Black Friday back now. I don't want it. Armitage had the most abysmal handwriting that Kylo had ever seen. He was briefly distracted from his epiphany and dilemmas by the fact that the boy’s writing was horrendous. He may have written something that would only require one piece of paper, but he had written it so large with so many words scratched out and rewritten that he had taken ten pieces of paper for his letter. Kylo took the pen and began writing in corrections. The only thing that the boy seemed to be able to write with any sort of skill was his own signature, which he supposed was the only bit of writing someone who had worked in such a low profession had needed to know how to write. He had written back as best he could: Deer Illya, If it had too be won of us, I’m glade it was me. I didn’t hav as much to lose. Your family was gud too me, so I’m glad I could help you all. Pleez don’t be sad. He maks me ware dresses. I don’t like it, but at leest I have clothes and they ar noo. Main wer allways getting ript. They ar my first noo clothz in yers. He tuk the leter, but he gav it bak. He will let me send you won. I didn’t get too say gudbai, so he sed I can rite. But I cant rite enymor. I hav to sey gudbai. I am not in truble becuz of the leter. So don’t wery. I wish I spent mor tim with you too. I wanted too stop him, so I pland fore a long tim. I wish I didn’t. If I noo this wood happen, I wood hav spend mor tim wit you. I wish I cud chanj it. I miss you, but I am hapy you are safe. If I noo I wood not see you agen, I wood hav dun things difrently. I’m going too miss you alot. Your leter made me very hapy. I cudn’t reed it, so Kilo reed it too me. I am going to tri to lern too reed, so I can reed it to myself wen I think of you. I love you too. I am hapi to heer you love me too. Sumtims I forget that peple love me. But when I think of peple hoo car, I think of you furst. You wer always my best frend and I want you to no. You always mad me hapi, mo mater wat. You shudn’t send me enymor leters. I am not alaod too anser. I am not supost too rite at all, but Kilo sed I can rite this tim. I don’t want you to be in truble. Pleez don’t get into truble. I don’t want you to get in truble becuz of me. You can live a hapi life and do all the things you wanted. You allways had such big dreems. Pleeze tak car of the horses. They aren’t yours, but mayb you can giv them some aples. If you can do that for me, its all I want. I don’t want to sey gudbai. I miss you so much, but I’m hapi you can be saf. As long as I know you are saf, I can be hapi here. I wil be yours forevr, Armitage Hux. It was crudely written, but sincere. Kylo wrote all of his corrections and slid the paper back to Hux to write it all out again. He’d had always known his humans were creatures with lives and families, and that it pained them to be separated, but it had been a long time before he had been forced to witness a parting. Even if it was at a distance he could see by their words how much these two humans loved each other. They had such a strong friendship between them that he was jealous of it. He watched Armitage write, trying his best to print his letters clearly. It was plain to see that he was poorly educated, and Kylo had less than two years to turn him into someone who seemed credible. Vampires might be willing to give him an ear if Hux said he was a witch and explained he’d suffered at the hands of humans as well, but if he could not speak or conduct himself eloquently he would come off as nothing but a simpering idealist. A pacifist with lofty ideals but no mind to back them up. He would need to learn how to speak and hold himself properly, how to read and write as if he’d been doing it all his life, and having basic knowledge of other disciplines couldn’t hurt. Kylo wasn’t sure he could bear to go back to the way things were before. He knew what he was doing, had been doing was wrong. He didn’t want to do it anymore. If Hux’s attempt failed, he didn’t want to kill him, but if he didn’t it could mean a fight, and even more people would die for the sake of one boy. In terms of numbers, the choice was obvious. One life was not worth hundreds. In his heart though, he didn’t think he could bring himself to do it. He was able to go through with it with Bell because she had been suffering and there was no cure for her illness. But with Hux… He gave Armitage a copy book and instructed him to copy all the letters, showing each page as he completed them. He already knew his letters, but he needed to learn how to make his writing neater and more legible. The boy was an eager student to say the least. He never once looked bored with his task, and eagerly wrote out each letter along the lined paper. Kylo was glad he had one on hand, but he would either have to make more or order some from a store. He wondered what the humans would think to find a not under their doors from a vampire asking after school supplied that a child might have used. “Are you alright?” asked Hux, “You’re being quiet, you’re not petting me and you’ve got all your clothes on.” “I’ve been thinking about things,” explained Kylo, “About the risks we’re going to be taking, and about why I think we ought to take them.” Hux paused to replenish the ink in his pen, glancing up at Kylo for a moment, “If we don’t, more people die needlessly. You said yourself that vampire bites don’t need to be fatal. We already work together, and that thing we’re being punished for was hundreds of years ago.” “In a human lifetime that may seem a long time, but that’s well within the lifetime of a vampire. For those of us who survived, we still have memories of what happened and knew the ones who died. It’s still deeply personal,” explained Kylo, “And a sentiment you should be able to understand, given what you tried to do.” Hux shook his head as he continued to copy letters, “But it isn’t fair…” “It isn’t. But if you go in front of a council of vampires and say that, you’re going to sound like a child. Can you give me a reason, aside from ‘it’s not fair,’ that vampires should stop? Try to think. If you were a vampire trying to keep control over your territories, what would you want?” asked Kylo. “I’d want to make sure everyone kept order,” replied Hux, “But if vampires got rid of blood tax, humans would follow the law. Everyone would be so grateful and hate the old way so much they’d welcome the new one with open arms.” “For a hundred years, perhaps. And perhaps humans would remain grateful for a longer time than that. But when that generation died, what would guarantee that humans would remain willing to stay under the control of a vampire lord?” asked Kylo. “You never talked politics with a human from around here, have you?” asked Hux, glancing at the letter that he had written before showing Kylo his writing exercises, “Some of us don’t like the system itself, think it’s medieval, but most of us know of one or more vampires invaded, we’d need a vampire of our own to chase them off. We also know that you can keep the wolves in line, which we would have a hard time doing by ourselves. So we know so long as there are creatures like that out there, we do need you. If humans ever got to thinking they don’t need vampires in this world, they’d be wrong.” “And vampires need humans for food,” said Kylo quietly, using a pen of his own to show Hux his mistakes and correct them, “You know there are several animals in the world like that. They become partners naturally because they can each help each other survive.” “Right, so, if I’m a vampire who has everything, including a grudge, what would I want from a human…” Hux thought out loud as he watched Kylo go over his book. “I don’t know about others, but I want children,” said Kylo, “We can’t always arrange to meet our own kind, so it can be difficult to have relations. And there are so few of us sometimes married couples have to live apart for the sake of running their territories. Humans and vampires having offspring together is rare, but there’s more of a chance with a human than nobody at all.”” “You’d want us for…breeding?” asked Hux, looking startled and more than a little disgusted. “Just throwing ideas around, darling. You wanted to know what vampires want and I answered,” replied Kylo, trying to think of other things he would want from a human, “Your work generates wealth for the territory, your blood sustains us and pays for old grudges, you’re much more fertile than we are…” “It sounds like you can already take whatever you want…” muttered Hux as the vampire slid his book back to him with a new word to start copying. Hux sighed, “Have you noticed any benefits that come when you’re nicer to humans?” “Oh, several. When the population is willing your kind make excellent civil servants. And of course your tradesmen seem to do better work when their conditions are less stressful. Threats will get things done, but they won’t always get things done well. Fear can make a human do something, but if they’re too frightened sometimes they’re incapable of complying. And of course if you keep hurting a human until they have nothing left to lose, they become very dangerous,” explained Kylo. “Well, you said that other vampires don’t keep their humans as well as you do. Are there any differences there?” asked Hux. “To put it bluntly, I get a higher quality of blood,” said Kylo. Hux scratched the paper as he looked up in shock, “Come again?” “I get better blood,” repeated Kylo, “It’s a part of your body, and things like stress and the quality of your life will affect it as much as diet and exercise. If a human is treated well, gets good food to eat and is allowed to exercise, then their blood is better for us. Not just taste but…surely you’ve noticed that healthy vegetables are better for you the ones grown in poor ground with little rain.” “Right, but obviously you still get that with blood tax, and you all live too far apart to regulate anything,” mumbled Hux. “If the Tsar orders it, we obey. He’s the eldest among us, and the most powerful. If he told us to handle our humans a certain way, he would be obeyed without question,” said Kylo. “Still…we really don’t have much to offer you that you can’t take…” said Hux, slipping his book back to Kylo when he finished with it. “But vampires might benefit from a system that’s kinder to humans. Unfortunately though, you’ll never convince them that humans are more obedient if they’re happy,” replied Kylo. “What happened?” asked Hux, “All I know is that humans suddenly started attacking vampires but…why did they do it? We’re terrified of you. Humans don’t want to attack vampires if we can help it.” Kylo sighed as the memories came back to him, “As far as we could gather…your kind was frightened. We weren’t exactly in a position to ask the humans why they were attacking and what they wanted. All we knew was suddenly there were thousands of humans going mad and attacking anything they considered unnatural. The humans we did catch and interrogate were frightened and seemed convinced that we were going to wipe them all out…to keep that from happening…they struck the first blow.” “Yes but…we don’t want to attack vampires,” said Hux, “When I was in that hall the night I came here, I was frightened out of my mind. It was all I could do to hold still and keep up my charade. My first instinct was to run away, I was terrified. It took so much effort just to stand there…I just don’t believe humans would do that for no reason at all.” “They did. I saw it myself,” said Kylo. He clenched his teeth before replying as calmly as he could, “Humans don’t need invitations…there was enough of them that they broke past the wraiths. I’ve always been a lord so my home was fortified enough to hold them back while I put on my armour and got a weapon to defend myself. Anyone who was unlucky enough not to live in a castle or defensible home was slaughtered. I saw what those humans did with my own eyes. They were trying to kill me.” “I don’t doubt that it happened, I just don’t understand why it happened,” replied Hux, “Even if we attack each other because of something that isn’t true, it’s still a reason. My…my step-father used to hurt me because he said I killed my mother. It wasn’t true, but if you asked him why he was cruel, he could give an answer. If you never attacked a human, why did they think you would suddenly start?” “I don’t know Armitage,” said Kylo, sliding the book back, “And it’s a very sensitive topic…to me those humans were just as monstrous as I seemed to you.” Hux took the book back and squared his shoulders, “You did terrible things, but I’m still listening to you, aren’t I? I had to sit and listen to your excuses about why you killed my friends, the least you could do is answer my questions.” Kylo sighed and put a hand over his eyes, “We don’t know why they were suddenly frightened of all of us. All we knew was that they were, and they were going to kill us if we didn’t act quickly. We beat them back, took over and made new laws to make sure it never happened again.” “It just seems strange that so many humans all over the continent would suddenly lose their minds and start attacking everything all at once. I remember in the books armies and cities were in contact and started coordinating things, but they didn’t always agree, and even then messages could get lost. I just…something about the whole thing feels strange,” replied Hux. He looked over at Kylo, “It’s not to make fun or to say what happened to you didn’t matter…it’s the way that it happened. It just seems off.” “What does any of this have to do with your idea?” asked Kylo. “Well, if you can understand why the humans attacked, if you understood why they were fighting…then maybe understanding that is the key to making sure humans won’t fight again. If it has nothing to do with blood tax, then whatever the answer is might be a better solution for everyone,” explained Hux. Kylo tried to think back. When his own home was attacked the humans had fought to their last and he hadn’t been able to question a single one of them. He could smell fear and hate on them, sometimes he would still have nightmares about that smell, but he had never been able to interrogate one of those humans. They’d always distrusted witches, some because they thought witches were evil, but for most it was because their power could be so unpredictable and manifest in destructive ways. Werewolves and whatever allowed them to transfer their powers to humans they bit hadn’t arrived until contact was made with America. As for most other races, they’d had a history of fear and mistrust with humans, and while it was sometimes violent it had never been on this scale. Why had the humans attacked? They never took any money and they weren’t interested in sex, which eliminated the two main reasons humans tended to commit sudden crimes. And if they had been planning their attack, trying to break down the front door of the castle was not the best way to go about it. They could have undermined or built some sort of siege engine if they had spent any amount of time on a plan. For centuries he had never questioned why he had been attacked. He had been so angry and eager for revenge that he lashed out as soon as he could against the ones who were responsible. It felt like a disgusting thing to think about. What had been the goal of those awful murderers? It was strange, but if it wasn’t because they were frightened, stupid humans, there didn’t seem to be a reason. It was also strange that they all managed to become stupid and frightened at exactly the same time. He might have to do some research of his own. What on earth could cause hundreds of thousands of humans to start fighting at exactly the same time? He knew why he had never considered it before, but he still found it odd that he needed Armitage to point out such an obvious flaw in reasoning to him. The boy was clever, but it would take more than cleverness to solve what was becoming a centuries old mystery and change the system that had been built based around a possible lie. “You tried to fight a vampire for revenge. Can you think of any other reason a human might do that?” asked Kylo. He continued, “In France they wanted equality, but that was hardly the case back then. There were classes, but they were made up of humans and vampires.” Hux thought for a moment, “We fight for all sorts of reasons. But if you mean why we would all fight as a group…from what I’ve gathered from the books kings will fight to get more territory and wealth, but everyone else, everyone in their armies, anyone who isn’t a noble seems to think it’s the only way to protect their homes and their people, or it was something to do with gods.” Kylo drummed his fingers on his knees as he thought, “So, obviously someone coordinated this and convinced all those humans that if they didn’t fight, they would get hurt, or that God wanted them to do it. And whoever it was would have had to have spoken to all of them at the same time to get them to all act suddenly.” “Is there something out there that can do that?” asked Hux. “To my knowledge, no. Some witches can cast spells to control someone, but I’ve never heard of it done on that scale before. Demonic possession can do that too with a person, object or place, but I’ve never heard of a space larger than a house being targeted by a single demon,” explained Kylo. The human gave a slight shudder, “Satan…the Devil has an army. Maybe he ordered it.” Kylo tried his best not to laugh, “I think Satan would be a bit more thorough if he was trying to kill everyone, and a great deal less convoluted.” Hux seemed as if he were about to ask something else, then his brow furrowed and be began writing in his little book. It was the second time the subject of religion had come up between them, and Kylo hoped it wouldn’t again, not any time soon. Not because he had any particular dislike for it, religion had been part of his own childhood when Kylo was a human. The problem was that many humans believed there was only one godlike creature alive and at work in the world when really, there were several. Many of the ones who had lived in ancient times were long gone, but there were others, and a few of them had descendants that still roamed the earth. Or, as the case was in Ireland, they were hidden away in their own little world, separated by gates and barriers from humans. Hux had had a number of unpleasant revelations. He wasn’t as human as he thought he was, and their morning had been full of strangeness and unhappiness. Learning that something he considered a fundamental truth in the world wasn’t true might have been too much for Hux to handle, at least all at once. When he was ready though, Kylo would tell him. Perhaps he would tell the human other things as well. This human made him think, made him question and made him challenge things, and it had been quite some time since anyone had been able to do that. “I think it’s worth looking into, to say the least,” said Kylo. “Your leader, the Tsar, when you made the new laws and started Blood Tax, what did he tell you? Did he know?” asked Hux. “He told me what everyone else had observed. That humans were frightened, dangerous and needed to be controlled…” Kylo paused, “We never asked why or how it happened. We were all so angry all we wanted to hear was how we were going to have our revenge.” “Have you had enough of it?” asked Hux, “Are you satisfied now?” Any pleasure revenge had once given him had long since dissipated. Kylo looked at Hux, “No, it doesn’t satisfy me. It’s making me feel worse.” Hux nodded quietly and returned to his writing, “I’m not sure how tactful it is to say, but I’m glad to hear it. I want to be the last Blood Tax. I want this whole damned thing to stop.” Kylo nodded quietly, “You will be. I’ll make sure of it.” *** Armitage didn’t have the ability to ignore Kylo. It wasn’t an option so long as they shared the same house. Hux could wander into the library or sit in the bedroom or go to the pantry to fix himself a light meal, and he could try to ignore Kylo, but living under the same roof meant that they had to at least be in the same room with each other sometimes. It didn’t take long for Kylo to figure out what Hux was trying to do. When he wasn’t having a lesson he would excuse himself whenever Kylo entered the room. He replied to questions with grunts or nods, making an exit as soon as possible, and when they lay together, at Kylo’s insistence, Hux didn’t attempt any sort of closeness or contact like he had before. Kylo ought to have expected it. Despite everything he had given and tried to give, he had lied to his human. He had taken something precious from Hux after promising not to hurt him. Obviously the human was hurting and distrustful again, but Kylo didn’t know how he ought to go about fixing this. He couldn’t force the boy to trust him, that sort of thing took time. And for the time being, despite the distrust between them, Hux seemed to still believe the things he said about his lessons and wanting to help, so Kylo knew he wasn’t rebuilding their whole relationship from nothingness again. The day after giving Hux the letter he had gone out to get him some flowers. He didn’t want to go all the way to the town for presents, and didn’t feel like being gawked at in terror. He usually revelled in that, but seeing as his Armitage was currently repulsed by him, any similar reaction from a human was just a painful reminder of the rift between them. So he came to the bedroom, like a dog with a tail between his legs, holding a bunch of wildflowers in front of him awkwardly. Armitage was already in bed, curled up with Sasha’s doll. He seemed melancholic again, but not despairing like he had been when he first arrived. Coming closer, Kylo saw he was touching the doll’s porcelain hands, squeezing them between his thumb and forefinger. Kylo wondered if the boy would let him hold his hand. It seemed to be what he wanted at the moment, but Kylo wasn’t sure if the boy would allow the contact. “I brought you flowers, darling,” said Kylo quietly as Hux sat up in bed and held the doll in his lap. Hux looked up at him, hummed a neutral reply and gave his attention back to the doll. “Dearest, I know what I did hurt you, but I want to be able to work together,” Kylo said, sitting on the side of the bed. “Of course I’m going to work with you,” replied Hux, “There’s no other way.” “Then could you please stop ignoring me?” asked Kylo. “When we have lessons I give you my full attention,” said Hux, “When we talk and debate I think I’m very attentive. I just want to be alone right now.” Kylo held out the flowers, “I know what I did was wrong, but I promise it won’t happen again.” “I know it won’t happen again,” Hux said sharply, hugging the doll to his chest, “That was meant to be the only time, remember? That was the deal, just one message to say goodbye and you…” Hux cut himself off and settled back in, turning on his side, “I don’t want to talk about it. Just leave me alone.” “I thought you forgave me,” said Kylo, "We seemed to be getting along so well." “That doesn’t mean I’m not angry about what happened,” said Hux, “Now I want to be left alone so I can think.” Kylo tossed the flowers onto Hux’s night table and sighed. He never really understood humans when they were melancholic like this. The best way to break out of a mood like this was to have company and exercise, but it seemed that when they were upset all his humans wanted to do was lie in bed and be sad until the feeling went away. They just lay there, wrapped up in their thoughts, not wanting to be touched or talked to. Kylo didn’t want to accept it. He had more to say, he didn’t want to go to bed like this, to have his last thoughts for the day be full of worry and uncertainty. He went to dress himself for bed, occasionally glancing at his human, who didn’t move from his place, “Darling, there has to be something I can do to fix this.” “I just want to be alone,” said Hux. Moving back to the bed Kylo continued, “I want you to trust me again.” “Why?” snapped Hux, turning onto his back, “Because everyone else gives you what you want? Because you own me and I should do whatever you say like a good little pet?” “You’re making yourself upset again,” Kylo chided gently, “Just tell me what you want and you can have it.” “This isn’t a transaction!” exclaimed Hux, slipping out of the bed and drawing himself to his full height, “You can’t buy trust with flowers and presents! You can’t have it just because you say you want it!” Kylo was shocked that his first thoughts were still to punish the human, lock him up until he came to his senses. Even knowing that he was in the wrong, he supposed instincts and ideas about what a human’s place ought to be wer going to die hard. He stepped closer and gripped Hux’s shoulders, “And how much good is shouting going to do you? Or living all alone without anyone to trust? I’m trying to fix this Hux. Tell me what you want me to do so I can fix it.” Hux shook his head. It seemed the human didn’t know, and Kylo wasn’t sure what to tell him. The problem with young humans was they had such limited experience that they often didn’t know how to solve problems like these because they had never come across them before. Hux seemed to have had his trust betrayed multiple times, but it seemed he’d never tried to repair a relationship after a betrayal. He didn’t know what he needed to feel better yet. Kylo didn’t want to leave him alone to sulk though. Hux sat back down on the bed and sighed, “I don’t know.” “What did you usually do when you were upset, darling?” asked Kylo. “I’d just…be alone. I’d take care of the horses, even if it wasn’t my day to do it. That helped,” said Hux. Kylo sat next to Hux and picked up his doll, smoothing down the red hair before handing it to him. He kissed Hux’s cheek, “It’s not a horse, but I’ll see if I can find a comb or brush.” Kylo retrieved the brush he often used on the boy. It was a little big for the doll, and Hux looked down, a little sceptical before he began to brush out the doll’s short hair. Kylo moved a little closer, settling beside him. He kissed his human gently on the cheek, “I do love you.” “I’m not really your partner, am I?” asked Hux, “You don’t think humans should be treated like this, but you don’t think we’re your equals, do you?” In many ways, Kylo didn’t. Humans didn’t live as long as vampires. They were physically more fragile and required a great deal more care to keep their bodies in working order. They could become ill. They were terribly dependent on their pack. Humans held a few advantages, being able to touch silver, the ability to slip in and out of places undetected, and they could be clever, but as to which of them was superior, it was no contest. Hux was practically a child as far as his worldly experiences and strength went, and Kylo have several centuries worth of knowledge and experience. To say the two of them were equal, that one wasn’t superior, was false. “You’re overthinking this, darling,” said Kylo, tucking the boy against his chest. Hux really was like a child in many ways. He was physically mature, but a paltry twenty one years seemed so young. Perhaps when he grew a little older he might understand how silly his question was. He kissed Hux’s cheek, “Now, will you be a good boy and warm the bed for me? You do it much better than a pan full of coals, and you’re so much prettier.” Hux gave a tired sort of sigh, indicating a dissatisfied resignation as he lay on the bed. Kylo moved overtop of the boy as he was settling in, prompting Hux to look up at him in shock. Kylo grinned down at him, “I could make it worth your while. We don’t have to go right to sleep.” Hux clutched the doll to his chest, “Is that how you solve all your problems with people? Offer to sleep with them.” “You’d be surprised how often sex can solve these sorts of problems,” said Kylo, pressing in a little closer, “It would be awfully hard for you to be angry if you were focused on pleasure. And I feel I owe this to you. I did something that hurt you, I broke a promise, so I ought to try to make it up to you with something special.” Kylo moved down, careful not to crush the doll between them and rested his head against Hux’s chest. Kylo had no interest in children as partners, and considered anyone who did to be entirely loathsome and depraved. Even among his own kind where a vampire could look like a child and be hundreds of years old, he had absolutely no interest. But there was something about the way Hux held the doll that Kylo found appealing. A sort of innocence that the vampire knew was only surface deep. Hux wasn’t exactly innocent in the romantic sense of the word. He might have looked like a waif, but he was still a scrappy, foul-mouthed country boy. He looked sweet though, holding the toy to his chest and staring up at him with large blue eyes. It was a childish sort of thing to do, and Kylo never thought of children that way, but Hux's relative innocence was appealing. He had a preference for humans who at least seemed innocent like this. Kylo couldn’t resist kissing his lips again. They were perfect and sweet, the way plump little berries must taste. But tasting was all he could do. Without permission he couldn’t explore the boy’s mouth the way he wanted to. He gave the human chaste little kisses, whispering apologies and terms of endearment between kisses, calling Hux his perfect gem, his beautiful human, his good little boy. “I’m a man,” Hux protested between kisses. “You’re so young though,” purred Kylo, twirling a lock of red hair around his finger. He released it and let it tumble over the white column of Hux’s throat, “Barely out of your boyhood. I think of you as a boy, naïve and sweet, and just a little rough around the edges.” “I’m old enough to be married. I could have children if I wanted,” said Hux. He could. Kylo smiled slightly, regretfully as he thought of that. Vampires were dead by most definitions of the word. They didn’t need to sleep, though Kylo liked sleeping too much to give it up, they need to breathe and their hearts didn’t need to beat. That was why most suspected that they were very close to being infertile. Try as he did, Kylo hadn’t managed to have a child. He hadn’t even managed to get a female partner, human or vampire, pregnant. Hux was probably fertile though. If he set his proclivities aside and slept with a woman of his own kind, it was possible for him to have children while it seemed impossible for Kylo. Hux seemed to realize this as Kylo pulled back and lay beside him. Hux looked him over uncertainly, “I didn’t mean to….” “It’s alright, dearest,” said Kylo quietly, reaching up to brush the boy’s hair from his face. Hux moved a little closer, as if by way of apology, and kept the doll between them. Kylo reached down and ran his fingers through the doll’s cool hair, “I think this is how your child would look. With your lovely pallor and gorgeous hair. I think your children would be beautiful, if you decided to have any.” “I can’t, really, I don’t like girls,” said Hux quietly, “I don’t think I could.” “There are ways,” said Kylo, kissing Hux’s forehead, “If you live, would you consider having a child if it meant you didn’t have to sleep with a woman?” “I don’t know, maybe…” said Hux quietly, "It's not something I thought about much..." Kylo looked over his human. He was so young, but his life was almost a quarter over. If he didn’t have children, Hux would be the last of his line. When Kylo thought of it, he didn’t like the idea of Hux being gone, whether it was in two years or sixty. If the boy left a child behind though, another boy, or perhaps a little girl, that was at least a small part of him that Kylo could keep alive and dote on. Kylo wished he could keep Hux like this always, beautiful and sweet, his lovely boy. Kylo smiled slightly and stroked Hux’s hair, “I want you to have children, and grandchildren. I don’t really want you to grow old, but I want you to live and have a proper family.” He kissed Hux again, “I want you to have everything you could ever ask for.” “I’ll settle for five minutes of sunshine in a warm stable and a glass of vodka,” said Hux, looking at the pillows and grinning slightly. “There’s that pretty smile,” said Kylo with some relief. He moved closer to his boy, “I can’t give you those right now, but you’ll have them all as soon as I’m able, I promise. Though in the meantime, is there something I can give you? I want to be able to do something for you.” Hux took Kylo’s hand and placed it on his cheek. The boy couldn’t manage to make eye contact as he spoke, barely above a whisper, “Say...say I’m a good boy…” “Of course, you’re a very good boy,” purred Kylo, stroking his cheek, “Such a pretty boy, always so good and sweet.” “Not like that. Just that I’m good,” said Hux. He mumbled quietly, “I used to see other children with their parents. It’s just something I’ve always wanted.” “I hope you don’t think I’m a father figure to you,” said Kylo worriedly. “I don’t. You asked if there was something I wanted…” Hux trailed off as he continued with some embarrassment, “And I always wanted someone to treat me like that. Just to hold me close and tell me I’m that I’m not…not the things people would say about me.” “You’re certainly not a minx,” said Kylo moving in closer and stroking his thumb over his human’s cheek, “You’re not a liar, you’re not an animal or strange, you’re good. You’re perfect…though I could do without your cursing.” Kylo liked to think, in that moment, that Hux had been aiming for his lips. The human, with his eyes closed, managed to kiss the tip of his nose quickly before making a hasty retreat and tucking himself under Kylo's chin. He seemed to have calmed down, though he might need a little more time to get over the full shock of the betrayal. Humans weren't particularly good at grudges. They could keep them alive within their collective well enough, but the longest Kylo had known humans to hold grudges against each other, one on one, was a few paltry decades. He hoped it wouldn't be quite so long for Armitage. He kissed the human gently and called him a good boy. Kylo thought the constable must have said something similar to the boy, but the man didn't seem the type for embracing. It was a shame, Hux seemed like he could have used a little petting. He seemed to need it so desperately now. "I think you'll always be my good human," said Kylo quietly, "Even when your old, even if you go somewhere far away, I don't think I'd ever be able to forget you." Chapter 18 Notes: Coming next chapter: An asexual virgin attempts writing sex...FYI, I pretty much browsed all the smut fics to try to figure out how to do this, since the scene is (IMHO) completely gratuitous. Oh, and medical websites. Love me clinical medical articles. A few days of lessons passed and neither Kylo nor his clever human had managed to figure out much of anything. Neither of them could think of a reason nearly every human on the continent would rise up, and it was equally difficult trying to think of something a human could offer a vampire that the vampire wasn’t already in a position to take. The only thing that was making some semblance of progress was Hux’s lessons. His printing was already a little bit neater, but he still spelled most things wrong. As the boy had said, he was good at math. He might have even been better than Kylo was. He could do quite a few complex calculations in his mind without having to work it out on paper. The boy would probably have a head for sciences and music as well if his abilities with math were any indication. Chemistry and the piano might suit him. The human’s reading was adequate, and he could read much more quickly when the words were simpler. Gulliver’s Travels and Robinson Corusoe were much simpler matters than Hux’s old history book. Kylo would have him read out loud and correct his pronunciation as he went, listening to the boy reading as best he could. They would have to work on his charisma when Hux stopped struggling to figure out the words on the page. They looked for other books, thin ones with easy words. Kylo wondered if he would have to purchase a few. It had been a decade or so since he had added anything to his library anyhow. “What about this one,” asked Hux, taking a slim volume from the shelf. If Kylo had a functioning heart it might have stopped. He snatched the book, “No, not that one!” “What was wrong with it?” asked Hux. Kylo grimaced slightly as he held the book and double-checked the author. Justine , by the Marquis de Sade. He held it out of the boy’s reach, “Well, dearest, it’s…sort of a naughty book actually. And in addition to that it’s…not really the fun sort of naughty book either. Well, perhaps it’s fun for some but I dare say you wouldn’t like it at all.” “Naughty book?” asked Hux, cocking his brow. He flushed slightly, “Like…like fucking?” “Well…yes, among other things, and don’t use that word. You have to try to be respectable now,” said Kylo. He set the book aside, “I’m guessing you don’t have much experience with those sorts of books, but trust me when I say that isn’t one you’d like.” Hux looked at the book curiously. It had to be the most irritating and amusing of human reactions. When a human was forbidden from doing something, they seemed to be unable to resist trying it. Hux seemed to be no exception, looking over the book he was told he would not like and probably should not read with great interest, “What’s it about?” “See…it’s sort of a parody,” Kylo tried to explain, “At the time most stories about young ladies facing hardship ended with them doing the right thing, being good and obedient, then being rewarded for behaving in a way society felt was correct. That book…the young lady in question finds herself on hard times and tries to do what’s right and…she gets…used and…no matter how hard she tries people keep on…I just didn’t think you’d like reading that, given your history.” “Did…did you enjoy it?” asked Hux, looking for more skinny books on the shelves. It was a bit of yes and no. At the time Kylo enjoyed the irony of it, and the sex. Justine was just a made up character used to illustrate a point. Nobody was actually getting hurt, so he had enjoyed in on that level. It was hardly his favorite book though, and he’d forgotten that he had left it in the library and hadn’t shelved it with his other pornographic books. It was all just a made up story, so he hadn’t thought much of it until he found himself trying to hide the book from someone who might object to it. “I have other books I like much better,” Kylo mumbled. He looked at Hux, “You know, I have other volumes of that nature you might like better.” “No, I’m not supposed to read things like that,” said Hux automatically. Kylo snorted, “You’re also not supposed to sneak into people’s homes and try to kill them.” “It was different,” insisted Hux. “Well, keep looking, and if you want anything a little naughty, just ask,” said Kylo, sniffing the air. Hux’s heat only seemed to get stronger the more he tried to deny himself. It lessened when he was under mental duress, but when he was relaxed, he was very clearly wanting. He’d become much, much more restless. So much so his mind had actually begun to wander during his writing practice. “Do you mean a book, or…” Hux began, though the human seemed to know the answer to that question full well. “I mean anything, dearest,” said Kylo with a slight purr, “You’ve been very good with your lessons, but your body and mind need a reprieve. If you ever feel you need it, just ask and I’d help you.” “What…” Hux began, his cheeks pinking before he cut himself off and shook his head, “Never mind.” The boy ventured behind a shelf and began trying to read some of the spines. Kylo grinned slightly, “What would I do to you?” The boy froze and his arousal began to become so strong it was filling the library. Kylo purred, “What did that awful man do? From what I gather he stayed at your back, tugged your trousers down, took his pleasure and that was the end of it. Am I right?” Hux sheepishly nodded before turning back to the books. Kylo moved to stand beside him, pretending to be disinterested as he thumbed along the spines of books. He spoke as if he was bored, dispassionate, “Obviously I’d start by kissing you, that’s just common courtesy. I think I’d lie you down first as well. Hm…I’d want you naked again, certainly. But what would I do…I’d like a taste of those breasts again, and since we’re speaking entirely in the hypothetical, I’d love to taste your throat as well. I’d be afraid to frighten you and break the skin, but it looks perfect for licking and kissing.” He moved behind Hux, pretending to examine the books just above his head. Kylo casually pressed the human against the shelf, pinning him between the spines of the books and his broad body. He kept a hand on the shelf beside the boy as he reached up above him, still pretending to be interested in the books. He felt the boy’s backside against his manhood and hummed pensively. Unlike humans who automatically, and sometimes unintentionally became hard, it was a matter of will for vampires. They could get their bodies ready and able for sex in a matter of moments through their will for it. All Kylo had to do was think about becoming hard and he could do it. He considered it for a moment, becoming hard and rubbing his member against the human’s backside, wrapped up in the green silk that felt so good… But it was best not to push his luck with this particular human. He stayed pressed against the human though, intentionally breathing down the boy’s pretty neck as he continued, “Though, since we’re speaking in hypotheticals, there are many things I’d love to do. I’d love to have you nice and laid out for me, watching you prepare yourself…” “P-prepare?” asked Hux. “Oh, yes darling. You’re so slender, your body will be very tight. You’d need to get your fingers nice and slick with some oil and stretch your pretty hole for me,” explained Kylo. He rested a hand on the boy’s hip and felt him shudder, “Haven’t you ever touched yourself there before?” “No, it’s…” Hux began quietly. “We’ll you’d need to. I’d help you clean it first, then you’d get some oil on your fingers and slide one in for me,” Kylo continued, “You need to circle it, stretch yourself wider, then you can add another finger to open yourself, nice and slow. It feels incredible darling, you’ll want to take your time with it so you can appreciate the sensation. Hm…let’s see. I’ve been told I’m quite large. Three of my fingers should do, though you may need more if you use your own. Then you’d be ready to take me.” The human was trembling at the description. Kylo chuckled in his ear, “Or I could have you in my lap. I wouldn’t have to penetrate you at all. Just worship that warm little body of yours. Perhaps I could get a mirror. You’d be squirming in my lap while I touched you, but when you watch yourself, you wouldn’t see that. You’d only see yourself mewling and wriggling.” Kylo kissed his human’s burning cheek. It was best to leave the boy like this. Trembling and wanting. He had to ask for it or Kylo wouldn’t be able to have him. If Kylo gave him everything he wanted there would be no reason for Hux to ask for more. He’d just leave Hux with those images, with those desires, and with any luck he would be begging to be taken. “I’m going to check the mail,” said Kylo, as if he were bored with the subject they had been discussing and wandered off. He was a little pleased when Hux turned and watched him go, looking on with no small amount of wanting in his expression. Kylo grinned to himself as he walked through the halls. It seemed like the human was just moments away from caving. Now that his moral dilemma had subsided, he was nearly ready to give into his body’s needs. He was still such a shy creature though, and needed assurance that he would be cared for. He found another package, another dress no doubt, in the mail, and another letter, addressed to him. He considered giving it to a wraith to leave in his study when he caught a glimpse of the handwriting. He knew it well enough. He’d been seeing it for several hundred years. He opened it quickly. He hadn’t been expecting anything from his master, and given the timing of it coming just after Kylo had told him about his new, male, human, it made him worry. He pulled the note from the envelope and read it quickly. Lord Kylo Ren, I had not been informed of any reason for which you ought to have taken a male human as blood tax. I would request more information regarding this sudden change. If your territory is in crisis, I would like to be informed as soon as possible. Kylo practically ran to his study and began to scribble down his reply. Your Imperial Majesty, I very deeply and sincerely regret causing you to worry. All is well with regards to the security and well-being of the lands you have so graciously given me. In terms of our usual conventions, you are correct in saying I have no need to take a male human in the stead of a female, as is custom. However Kylo stopped. He couldn’t tell the Tsar that Hux had tried to kill him. He had to make sure to omit any detail of the attempt. However, this year, a young companion of the female meant to be taken offered himself. In the interest of keeping peace and order with the humans under my lordship, I made the decision to take the male instead. I have found that the humans on my lands perform better work when treated with some benevolence. On a more personal level, you are aware of my proclivities, and felt more inclined towards taking the boy for myself. He supposed the Tsar wouldn’t be interested in a detailed description of Hux’s beauty. His master wasn’t a particularly sentimental man, and wouldn’t care whether his human was lovely or not. Either way, Kylo felt it best to make it seem like he had intended to take a boy from the beginning, and Hux’s offer had been incidental. I have spent many years without the company of my own sex. I am aware that it is custom to take a human female, as you believe this will keep their alpha males in check, however, I had been hoping for an opportunity to take a male for myself. While I’m not ungrateful for a lack of war or disaster, I have been wanting a male human for company. I hope that this change has not caused too much alarm. He paused before he added. The human is called Armitage Hux, as mentioned in the report. I have fed from him already, so I doubt humans would accept him amongst their number again and would resent being ordered to send a different individual as blood tax now that the boy has been delivered and his blood taken. In the interest of keeping peaceful relations with the human population and encouraging desired behaviours from them, I believe it best to keep this human rather than returning him and requesting another. This is in no way to kowtow to humans, I simply find it to be the most practical course of action to follow. He also wondered about mentioning Hux’s talents. Would it be best to tell his master that the human he had taken may well be a witch, or would it be better to wait until he had those suspicions confirmed? He doubted that the boy would be taken from him or sent away for his powers. Even if he had magic, he was still a human in the eyes of the law. However, it might be best not to give the Tsar any reason to think the boy put a spell on him. He didn’t want to get Armitage into any more trouble than he had already been in. I hope you will not mind me keeping this human. He has obediently given his blood and indulges my whims. He couldn’t think of any examples his master would be impressed by, but he had to make sure it seemed like the arrangement was almost entirely his own idea and he wasn’t following a human’s lead. He’s a most loyal pet and will make an agreeable mate for the duration of his time. Which would hopefully be longer than two years. Though on that note… You may recall you had given me an extension for my human who unfortunately died of a disease of the lungs one year into her term. I would be most grateful if this extension could pass to my Armitage. I am quite taken with him and have been starved for male company for quite some time. I would like to thoroughly enjoy him before taking females again. He signed the letter, adding a few more times how sorry he was to cause any alarm and how much he would appreciate any thought given to his requests. Hux would probably hate the letter if he saw it, but they weren’t really Kylo’s true feelings on the subject. He didn’t lie, but he had deliberately left out details that could cause them to be separated. He quickly addressed the envelope and handed it to a waiting wraith, “Put this in the box of things that are going out. If nobody comes, let me know so I can send it out myself.” Kylo had determined that he could wait at least overnight before sending the reply. His master lived far away so any delivery would take a few days at least. He watched after the wraith and waited for his anxiousness to leave him. He knew he really had no cause for worry. His master couldn’t know that Armitage had originally plotted murder, and so long as the tax was paid and humans were kept in check, there ought to be no reason for his master to object to the change. Originally he had intended to use the change as a show of power on his would-be killer, and his own desire to have such a pretty young man share his bed, so he really hadn’t lied in the letter. Staying certainly hadn’t been Armitage’s idea. Though now things had changed a little. Hux was quite willing to stay for the chance to do away with Blood Tax, and Kylo found himself falling more and more deeply in love with his new human. And speaking of his lovely human, the boy had a new dress to try on for him. Kylo opened the package and was relieved to find no letters tumbling out. It was just a lovely blue gown, styled like the pink one with plenty of frills and crinoline in the skirts. Unlike the pink dress, there was no large bow in the back, but there was a corset. Not that Hux would need one, he was plenty thin as it was. A wasp waist would just be ridiculous on him. He made his way back to the library and pushed the letter from his mind. It was all taken care of. There was nothing to worry about. He’d done everything right and his master had never taken a human from him or ordered him to send one away. There was no reason for Armitage to be sent away or taken. “Darling, look what I found in the post box. Something pretty for you to wear,” said Kylo smugly, holding it up for Hux to cringe at. “Do I have to?” asked Hux. “Oh? What would you be willing to do to get out of modeling your lovely new clothes for me?” asked Kylo, reaching out to tuck the boy’s loose hair behind his ears. Hux flushed slightly. He was still in his heat. He knew what Kylo meant by his question, and the boy was clearly wanting. Kylo hooked a finger into his collar and loosened his cravat, exposing his own neck casually, “I’d let you do something else for me if you didn’t feel like it.” “It’s…it’s been more than a week…” mumbled Armitage. Kylo paused at that before replying, “A week?” “A while ago you said…after a week if I still wanted to…you would…with me…” muttered the boy, looking down at the floor, “To seal the bargain, as it were.” “You know I won’t send you away if you refuse,” said Kylo. “And I believe you,” said Hux, “I just…think we should finalize it.” Kylo held the boy by his shoulders, “If you want it for your own comfort or pleasure there’s nothing wrong with it. You’re not dishonouring anybody’s memory. You’ve found a better way to avenge your friends. Besides, they were all my lovers as well. They might even commend your taste in men.” Hux pinked slightly, “It’s…the last thing I want to do is be fickle. I swore an oath. But, if it was for the bargain, and not because I was…not because I was being weak for a moment, I could live with that.” So that was how it was. Kylo shook his head slightly, “Darling, you need to invite me. I can’t command you to honour an agreement. You have to ask me, of your own volition. If you don’t, I won’t be able to do anything.” Hux closed his eyes and waited for what seemed like an eternity, clenching his fists at his sides and breathing heavily as he prepared to take the plunge. Would he turn back? Would this be like then he revealed his bare body to Kylo only to panic seconds later and hide himself? Hux pursed his lips, seeming to cringe before looking at Kylo, squaring his shoulders and declaring, “I want you to fuck me.” Kylo snorted, “Is that how you give an invitation? You have to ask , dearest. Invite, not command. You’ll have to ask nicely, and saying please couldn’t hurt either.” Hux seemed like he was ready to hit something from frustration. His face turned a brighter red as he fought to hold eye contact and asked, “Please….please have sex with me.” Kylo clicked his tongue and stroked his human’s cheek, rubbing a thumb over his lips, “No, no darling, you need to be specific. Where am I allowed to enter? With a room, you might say, ‘please come inside the study.’ It has to be like that. You have to invite me inside you.” The boy looked like he might cry from embarrassment and frustration. He furrowed his brow and tried again, “Please just put something inside me! Is that specific enough yet!?” Kylo pressed his finger between Hux’s lips and grinned, “Yes, that seemed to have worked very nicely.” The boy stood completely stunned for a moment as Kylo slid his thumb along his tongue. The human’s mouth was warm and wet, and he looked so sweet with his flushed cheeks and look of bewilderment. Kylo hummed appreciatively at the soft feeling of the boy’s lips and couldn’t help imagining how good those pretty lips would look wrapped around something else. As far as he knew the boy had never done that before. There was something incredibly erotic about teaching his humans how to perform oral sex. He thought of how Armitage would look, blushing no doubt, as he lowered himself between the vampire’s legs, looking up for direction and guidance… He removed his fingers and admired his human for a moment, “Now, there are a few things we need to do first, darling, and some I would like to do.” Hux seemed confused. He furrowed his brow and looked about, “I thought…can’t you just…” “Can’t I just what, darling?” asked Kylo. Trembling slightly, the boy explained, “When I did…had sex before. He just…he bent me over a hay bail. He didn’t even take my clothes off all the way. Isn’t that how men-” “No, no, absolutely not, no,” said Kylo, taking the boy’s hands, “That’s…He’s given you an entirely wrong idea about everything. It’s sex certainly, but it hardly sounds like it was any good.” “It felt alright, I guess…” replied Hux quietly. Kylo let go of Hux’s hands to rub at his eyes in frustration. He wondered if the boy really felt that or if it was wishful thinking, trying to make the loss of his virginity seem less awful than it really was. From what Kylo could gather, Hux had agreed, thinking the man was the only other person who shared his proclivities, hadn’t enjoyed it much, and then was betrayed shortly after when the man kept trying to pay him like a common gutter whore. “I came…so that means I must have liked it,” reasoned Hux. “Dearest, that isn’t how it’s supposed to work,” said Kylo, “There’s supposed to be…you should at least attempt to please each other. It should be amusing, passionate, sweet, not…forcing you to bend over the nearest surface while someone uses you.” “I was using him too,” insisted Hux. Kylo recalled Hux’s account of the events. He had been young, curious, and wanted to feel grown up and special. No matter how Kylo looked at it, even if Hux hadn’t loved the Bailiff at all, he was still the one who had been used in the end. The other man hadn’t given Hux anything, just a lackluster experience. Though there may have been no emotional attachment, Hux clearly had more invested in the act. It was his first, he had been seeking something beyond pleasure, and the experience failed to deliver that. Hux also seemed to have no idea how sex between two men was supposed to work. It was hardly surprising, given the scrutiny he would be under if his proclivities were a widely known fact. He was under a variety of misconceptions. That having a climax meant he had enjoyed what had happened, that sex was meant to be quick and passionless, and possibly worst of all, that being the receiving partner meant he ought to be held down and used for his partner’s gratification. If Hux enjoyed that sort of thing, that was one matter, but assuming it was a given was something else entirely. “Come here, darling, sit here with me a minute,” said Kylo, trying not to sound exasperated as he gestured to a chair. This was a discussion he had to have with far too many of his humans. He had a sinking feeling that humans were doing less and less with each passing year did less and less to teach the younger ones among them about their bodies and sex. “Why? Aren’t we going to-” began Hux. “We are, and believe me, I want to very badly, but I think we should talk first,” said Kylo, bringing his human to a chair. He took Hux by the shoulders, “Please sit. We’re just going to talk, and then we’ll do whatever you like.” Hux looked over his shoulder at the long chair where they had both laid together to read. He sighed, gave an irritated little nod and then sat down. He looked up at Kylo and practically groaned, “I already know where babies come from.” “I’m very aware of that, but I want to get an idea as to what you know, and what you might need to know. This way we can get all of that out of the way now instead of stopping partway through,” explained Kylo. Hux gave another sigh and nod, moving over so Kylo could sit beside him. “How does this sound, I’ll satisfy you, but it will be on my terms,” said Kylo, “You’re free to object to things, of course, even call the whole thing off if you like, but since you don’t have much experience, I’ll take the lead. Does that seem fair to you?” The boy furrowed his brow, “What do you mean?” “I mean, there are more positions than ‘over-a-hay-bail,’” said Kylo, “And more things I can do than not take your clothes off all the way. So, for example, I might ask you to put yourself in a certain position. If I do and you don’t like it, you can refuse, but I think since I have more experience, I should be the one making suggestions.” Even without taking in Hux’s scent his heat was clearly starting to get to him. He was anxious, fidgeting, with an expression of clear wanting on his face. Kylo took him by the hand and began to lead him out of the library, “You’re getting restless, perhaps we should walk while we have our little chat instead. There are also a few things we need to take care of first. To start with, it’s for the best that you clean yourself a little.” “I need another bath already?” asked Hux, sniffing at himself, trying to detect some sort of foul stench. “Not all of you,” said Kylo with a light laugh, “Since this is premeditated, you have enough time to clean your passage.” “My…” Hux turned bright red in spite of his efforts to seem mature. Kylo couldn’t resist another laugh and kissed him, “It’s alright if you don’t want to, but I know some humans prefer it.” “I’ve never…what would I use?” asked Hux. “A cloth and your fingers,” said Kylo, “And some soap and water should do the trick…would you like me to do it for you?” Hux was red and silent as Kylo continued, “I’ve been wanting to bathe you for a while, and I’m going to be seeing you naked anyhow. If you want, I can show you how to clean yourself.” “I don’t…like being looked at though…” muttered Hux quietly. “I could stand behind you, or just give you instructions. Whatever you like, darling,” said Kylo. Hux took a moment to think it over. Kylo wondered if he had been given time to think the first time the boy ever had sex. It hardly sounded like he had prepared for it. The way the boy told his story he had been doing his work when a drunken bailiff came into the stable and shoved him down over a bundle of hay. The poor thing must have had no idea what to expect or what he was supposed to do. “I…I want you to do it,” said Hux, “But…slow, so it doesn’t hurt.” “Did it hurt? Your first?” Kylo asked, dreading the answer. Hux was quiet for a moment before replying, “It hurt, but…everyone says virgins are supposed to bleed a little.” “No, they aren’t,” said Kylo sharply. Humans had been believing that ridiculous lie for hundreds of years. Virgins, both male and female, didn’t have to bleed. Males bled if their passage was torn, usually from sex being too rough or inadequate stretching beforehand. Females could bleed if their hymen was damaged, but if a partner was cautious they didn’t have to damage the lining at all. In fact, most humans seemed to have little to no idea of what a hymen was. “Armitage, I don’t really get any pleasure out of hearing about what was done to you, but I need to understand what happened and what you disliked. That way I’ll know what to avoid so I won’t put you through it again,” explained Kylo, leading Hux along. “There’s…not much else to say, really,” replied the boy, “I brought him back from an appointment. After that he came in, I could smell that he’d been drinking. He…” Hux paused and his flush returned, “He walked up to me. I was brushing Blossom, and he pulled the brush off of my hand. He grabbed my wrist and pulled me to where we kept the hay…he told me that he noticed the way I looked at other men. I thought…well, I thought he was going to beat me until he grabbed my…my hips. He…started to pull up my shirt, take off my trousers, told me how handsome I was…and that if I was good for him he would make me feel good too. I’d…I’d wanted to have sex for a long time and he was willing, he said I was handsome and I’d never heard another man say that about me, so…I let him do it. “He…put his finger inside first. It hurt, I couldn’t help crying a little. He said I looked pretty, I don’t know if he was trying to make me stop crying or not, he was still drunk. Then he put…himself inside me. It…it hurt a lot, but everyone said that it was supposed to hurt, and virgins always bleed. So when the blood started coming out…” Hux flushed, as if he was realizing how arduous the whole thing sounded. He pulled his hand away when Kylo tried to hold it, clearly not wanting to be pitied. Hux continued, trying to sound nonchalant, “He said it meant that I had been good, that I was a real virgin and not…” With the next statement he began faltering again, “I…He said it meant I wasn’t a slut. Then he…finished. And after he did, he said I had been good, so he used his hand to help me finish too. “I’m not really sure how to explain it. I didn’t like that it hurt, at all. I don’t like being degraded or pushed around but…the part I did like was when he would press down and talk to me. It felt good when I couldn’t move…and when he was holding me down, talking to me about being handsome and …I liked that part. And I liked finishing…” Hux finished his recollection, looking up at Kylo, embarrassed, “I…I must sound terrible to you.” “No, it sounds like you found something you enjoyed, and there’s nothing wrong with that,” assured Kylo quietly. It sounded like Hux’s first time was irredeemably awful and Kylo knew he would have to fix that. He couldn’t take away the memories, but he could give Hux better ones that would hopefully displace the bad. His own first time had been nothing particularly good either. It had been consensual, with a vampire lady who had thought he was a handsome young man. The problem, he discovered, with vampire biology was that his body, dead by nearly every definition, operated on willpower. If he wanted to breathe, he had to think about it, if he wanted blood to flow and his heart to pump, he had to concentrate. He discovered, quite abruptly, that the same thing applied to his reproductive organs. Being a curious young man with a healthy libido, Kylo discovered quickly that thinking about getting an erection, or climaxing, would cause him to do so almost instantaneously. When he had reached the biological age to start having such thoughts, he felt he barely had any control over his body. Any time he thought about sex, which was often, his body would react in full force. It had taken time before he learned how to control himself enough to be in polite company again, how to think about a few naughty things without accidentally soiling his clothes, but not soon enough to avoid a disastrous first encounter. As soon as he saw her body, his capacity for control had quit him and he came on the spot. She had laughed a little, before taking pity on him and guiding him through it. She had been a good instructor, helping him figure out what to think, how to hold off, and a number of her own favorite tricks to give physical pleasure. He’d slept with her a number of times before they’d settled in different parts of the world. The memory embarrassed him, but at least in his own case something good had come out of the experience. “Would you like me to do that? Hold you down and tell you how pretty you are for me?” asked Kylo, kissing Hux gently. Kylo already had a plan in mind, and hopefully the boy would agree to it. The human made no response as Kylo walked him to the tub. He stroked Hux’s hair, “Now…it would be best if you took hold of the tub and leaned forward slightly. You’ll need to undress as well. Is that alright? It won’t upset you?” Hux shook his head. He reached for the back of his dress, “Could you…help me undress?” The human gasped prettily as Kylo wrapped his arms around his little waist. Kylo pulled the boy against him with one arm before using the other to undo the laces at the back of his dress, “I’ve been waiting a long time to hear you say that.” Chapter 19 Notes: This chapter is pretty much 18 pages of filth. You guys have waited eighteen chapters and a wordcount that would rival most novels for this, so I hope I don't disappoint. I've only written ONE other sex scene before, and admittedly, I've been learning from kylux fics and medical articles. Also a few episodes of 'What the Fuck is Wrong with You!?' by Radio Dead Air. ((Also, in the first chapter I mentioned the dress was purple, but after seeing Viella's art with the dress being white, I liked it more. So, yeah, that plot hole is there :P)) Kylo undressed him, allowing himself to be a little forceful, but careful not to hurt his human as he pulled the dress down his body and let it fall to the floor. Kylo kept himself close as he reached for a wash cloth. Hux was still gasping, but he was allowing himself to be a little louder now , and the noises echoed through the bathroom very sweetly. Reaching down, he cupped the boy’s backside, “Hold still now…first I’m going to help you relax. I won’t be able to clean it if you stay tense like this.” He kissed the boy’s nape and Hux let out a slight mewl. It was the only word Kylo could think of to describe the sound he made. It wasn’t quite a full moan, but it was too high pitched to be a groan. He rubbed the boy’s rump, squeezing and massaging patiently until he felt the muscles begin to relax. He slid a finger over the boy’s entrance. It was tightly puckered and clenched when Kylo traced around it. Hux continued to mewl lightly, casting an uncertain glance over his shoulder. Kylo looked up at him, “May I put my fingers inside you?” Hux looked back at him nervously before turning and gripping the side of the tub, clearly bracing himself to experience pain and discomfort, “Yes…” “I need a bit more of an invitation than that, dearest,” said Kylo quietly. “Yes, you can put them inside me…” replied Hux. Kylo shushed him gently, not to silence him, but in the hopes that the sound would soothe his human a little bit. He continued to shush the boy and hold him by the hip as he wriggled a finger and the soft, wet cloth inside. The boy let out a light keen. It was going to be uncomfortable, there was no real getting around that, but he tried to make everything as painless as he could. He wanted to show Hux that it didn’t need to hurt, and it was alright if he enjoyed it. He moved the cloth inside, cleaning gently, feeling the warmth of his flesh. Hux’s insides were hot, clenching tightly around his finger. Kylo spoke to him softly, “Shh…it’s alright, it’s alright…does it hurt?” “It feels strange…” gasped Hux. “I know, it’ll be alright, just a few moments longer” whispered Kylo, trying his best to soothe the skittish human. He was so warm though. If they were more open with each other, a little more intimate, Kylo might have had an idea as to whether Hux would want to be handled roughly. He hadn’t said anything, and Kylo didn’t want to find out the hard way or upset the boy by asking, so he continued, slow and gentle, resisting the urge to abandon the idea of cleaning and have his beautiful human right then and there in the bath. Instead he asked, “Do you want to stop?” “No…I want this,” said Hux quietly. “You know you don’t have to do it to feel more secure here. I’m not going to send you away or mistreat you if you decide not to do this,” assured Kylo, massaging the boy’s inner walls and trying to clean his passage. “I want…” Hux gasped out. Kylo stilled so the boy could speak, “It’ll make me feel better about everything…and my…I’ve been feeling…” “I could tell,” said Kylo, resisting the urge to purr as he said, “I could smell what your hormones and pheromones were doing to you. I could see you were getting a bit more restless. You were also acting a bit more open with me, but you were nervous. It was clear what you wanted me to do.” He kissed at the boy’s nape and shoulders, trying to make the experience as pleasant and comfortable as he could. It was difficult, but it was the best option they had at the moment. Kylo had yet to see anyone invent anything specifically for cleaning those sorts of parts of the body. When he finished, he wrapped his arms around the boy from behind, “There, you’re all clean. Is it alright if we play a little game?” “Game?” asked Hux, the word coming out with a slight whimper. “What if…I had that getup you arrived in laid out for you,” offered Kylo, “And you put it on for me. Then once you were all dressed up, you lay down on the bed for me. We could pretend it’s your first night. That I was punishing my would-be assassin by taking his virginity.” “I’m not a virgin,” the boy protested. “It’s a game, dearest, you can be anything you like, provided we agree on it beforehand ,” explained Kylo, pulling Hux more tightly against him, “If you’d like to pretend this is your first and you’re having it on your terms, we can do that. I’m rather partial to playing punish-the-assassin, but if it isn’t something you feel comfortable with, we don’t have to play that, or anything at all.” “I’m not a virgin, I don’t want to pretend I am either. What happened, happened, and I’m alright with that,” said Hux. His words came out with much less conviction as he trailed off nervously, “You always seem eager to punish me for something…” Kylo pulled away long enough to find a towel to wrap the human up in, a temporary covering for him to walk through the halls in. He looked at Hux, “It’s only a game. Even if you don’t want to play, will you wear that dress for me?” “You’ll just take it off,” protested Hux, glancing at Kylo briefly, “And it doesn’t fit right.” “Yes, but it shows off your charms nicely, and since it doesn’t fit, it’s alright if it gets a little dirty or damaged,” said Kylo. He pulled his human, covered only by a towel, against him and purred, “And it’s what you wore when I first thought I’d like to bed you.” The boy shivered and trembled at the contact before Kylo pulled back, “Now, I’ll give you a little time to put it on, then I want you to lie on the bed.” He looked the human over, “Keep your hair loose as well, you know how much I love it.” Briefly, Hux touched his hair before nodding quietly. Many believed red hair was unlucky, but Kylo and his own kind prized it for its rarity. Vampires had long found it special, magical even, but silly humans continued to have the strangest notions. With Armitage’s string of bad luck though, he was almost inclined to believe that red-haired humans were prone to misfortune. It might be his witch heritage though, if he had any, manifesting itself in the form of some sort of accidentally self-inflicted hex. In any case, he saw the boy look over a lock, pinched between his thumb and index finger, and seemed to be entertaining the possibility that perhaps his long-hated colouring could be lovely. Kylo led him to the bedroom and left him alone for a moment, listening to the rustle of fabric. He’d only been wanting for a little over a week but it felt like longer. He could finally have all of his little human. As much as he loved petting and pressing close, he had been wanting for the boy to want him back. Enough for physical relief at least. He remembered his first few days of listening to the poor creature weeping and feeling so awful that death seemed a better alternative. They had both changed considerably in that time. Armitage had warmed to him. They’d had several moments of revelation and clarity, and Kylo found himself wondering how he had gone on thinking the way he had for so long. When he heard the movement stop, Kylo entered again. The room was lit well enough for his liking, enough to cast soft orange and yellow light on the white dress the boy wore. Hux lay still, breathing hard already from nerves. Kylo began shedding his layers as he grinned and approached. First his jacket, then his waistcoat. He tossed the cravat aside and slipped his boots off before crawling over his human. He clicked his tongue playfully, “Well, little assassin, look at what’s become of you now.” Hux watched him nervously and Kylo continued, “Whatever am I to do with such a pretty human.” “Could we…could we not?” asked Hux, propping himself up slightly. Kylo nodded. He would have liked to play this game, but perhaps it struck a little too close to home. He leaned over the bed and kissed his human, “Alright dearest. What would you like me to do?” “I don’t know…just…I’ll feel better if we do, and…” Hux began, trying to put his feelings into words. “No matter what I won’t send you away,” said Kylo, “I hope you know that.” “I think…it’s something to bind me here. Make it final. I know I can’t go back but, this makes it feel more like it’s my choice not to go back,” replied the human, taking hold of Kylo’s fingers and squeezing lightly, “I’m still not sure what we are, but I know fighting isn’t going to help me or anyone else.” The words seemed defeated, but Hux said them with an odd sort of determination. For him they weren’t really indicative of a defeat, just a change. Kylo stroked his human’s hair, “You want this to feel more at ease with things?” “Yes, and I know that isn’t the answer you want,” said Hux quietly. “I don’t mind, really. I’ve had these sorts of arrangements before,” said Kylo. This wasn’t the first person Kylo slept with who had motivations that weren’t love. Sometimes he himself had wanted sex just for the sake of having it and enjoying the feeling, and love didn’t necessarily enter into the equation when it did. It was more fun when there was at least common ground, but perhaps this could help him mend and build something with his human. He settled his legs on either side of the boy’s hips and hummed at the pleasant warmth between his legs as Hux warmed him. He pulled at the corset around Hux’s waist, testing how tightly he had tied it. The tapped his nails against the clasps in the front before moving up to his chest and neck, “You look so sweet, smell so good…I’m going to enjoy this.” He followed the boy’s arms up to his hands, lacing their fingers together before leaning down to claim Hux’s lips. He kissed him gently, sweetly, enjoying the feel of Hux kissing him back. Kylo found he had very nice lips, and like the taste of them under his tongue. Taking in the boy’s scent, Kylo could smell his hormones raging, practically begging Kylo to act on him. Hux moved his hips, rolling them against Kylo’s frantically. Was that how he thought this was going to go? That it would be quick and dispassionate? Kylo grinned and hummed as he shifted his weight to pin the boy, “Eager, are we?” Hux flushed slightly and looked away, “I just…I thought you were going to...” “I don’t think so. First I’m going to enjoy that lovely neck, then those sweet little breasts…” purred Kylo, “You’re just going to have to wait until I’ve had my fill of those.” Hux looked up at him. He seemed surprised by the answer, and even appeared to have traces of frustration on his face. For vampires, a climax was easy. They only had to think about it, concentrate on it, and it would happen. It never took long to discover that a climax with no build up was unsatisfying. With long lifespans, and requiring more sex than most in order to conceive, making sex good was an even more popular vampire pastime than holding grudges. There was an art to it, making sure the build-up was good enough to justify a climax, an art that he hoped to teach the little human beneath him. Kylo laughed slightly, “This is all part of it darling, a little play, making sure you’ve been thoroughly pleasured.” “You don’t need to do that…” mumbled Hux. Kylo sighed and kept him pinned, “How old are you?” “Twenty-one.” “How many times have you had sex?” “…twice.” “How old am I?” “I don’t know…nearly a thousand?” “And I’ve lost count of how many times I’ve made love. So, which of us do you think has a better idea of what they’re doing?” asked Kylo. Hux scowled slightly before looking away. Kylo grinned down at him smugly, “I’ve had plenty of practice. Now lie still and let me show you how this is supposed to be.” He nestled close to the boy’s neck and gave it a gentle kiss before selecting a place to lick and suckle. His pulse point was too much of a temptation, but humans possessed such delicious necks and the boy’s was perfect. Pale, so it would be easy to see any marks he left and the flesh was sugary sweet. He hummed against Hux’s neck so he could feel the pleased vibrations in his throat. Licking long lines up the boy’s throat he found several particularly sweet spots to latch onto. He promised not to bite, so he refrained from nipping. Instead he sucked little marks into the boy’s neck, savouring the taste of the little bruises as he lapped at the little marks. He settled near the boy’s ear again to purr, “Such a tasty human…” The boy bucked his hips and whined insistently. Kylo clicked his tongue disapprovingly, “Now, now, I said I wanted those pretty breasts first.” He hooked his finger into the collar of the dress and tugged it down to reveal both of Hux’s pink nipples, tightly peaked in the cool air. He prodded one gently as he held the dress in place, “It would be a shame to neglect those tender buds. I don’t often get to have treats this delectable.” Hux was looking up at him pleadingly. Despite their talk he seemed ready to argue. He was young man, eager to get to the climax without any appreciation for the preparation or prelude. Kylo would have to show him. Thankfully he already knew the boy had a healthy appreciation for rough actions and displays of strength... So he seized the front of the bodice and ripped it down to the corset. Hux stared down at the torn fabric, completely speechless. “There they are…such darling little breasts,” said Kylo, trailing his fingers down and giving the tips an experimental pinch, “Oh, so nice and supple…” He took the torn fringe of the fabric and rubbed the torn edges around the tips of Hux’s nipples, “Sensitive too…shall I sample them?” Hux trembled beneath him, silent and excited, his reckless eagerness for release now displaced with an equally eager curiosity for what Kylo could do to him. He moaned softly when Kylo rolled the nipples under his thumbs, making them harder with the stimulation and the coldness of his fingers. Kylo leaned in before selecting the little bud on the right and singling it out for special treatment. He looked it over, humming his approval as he appraised it, then lowered his lips to begin kissing around it. Armitage nearly squealed at the touch, thrusting his chest out to get more contact. Kylo tried to oblige him, settling a finger over the other nipple and stroking it lazily with a free finger. He licked and sucked at the little bud, prompting the human to lace his fingers in Kylo’s hair and pull his face closer to the sensitive area. It was hard to believe this was the same human who declared his hatred and tried to refuse his touch. The boy had given into his more animalistic urges now, whining for more attention and for his needs to be filled. Kylo swirled his tongue around the nipple and kissed the little tip gently, “Mm…it’s delicious. You have such a delicate taste…” Some humans liked that, being told they tasted good and hearing how eager Kylo was to eat them up. Many humans found food pleasurable, and tended to use similar language for both sex and their food, so it was no surprise some humans were pleased by that sort of talk. Armitage didn’t seem to be much of an exception. He watched Kylo with nervous and excited eyes and flushed when the vampire praised his beautiful, svelte body. He began to give the other nipple his attention, licking over it, half expecting it to melt under his tongue it was so sweet. Hux was squirming now, occasionally rolling his hips from pleasure, rather than impatience as he tried to stifle himself. Kylo grinned at that before pinching his nipple again, rolling the sensitive flesh between his fingers while he gently sucked the other. Hux couldn’t hold back anymore. He moaned loudly, wriggling and arching his back. “Now, I think I’d like to try your thighs. I hope they’re as succulent as your pretty breasts,” said Kylo, pulling back. He grinned down at Hux, “Hm, seems I’m a little overdressed.” Removing his own shirt he kept his eye on the little human. It seemed he wasn’t much for words beyond, ‘get on with it.’ Since ripping his bodice open the boy hadn’t tried to mutter a single syllable. He tried to get Hux to talk to him in turn, “Well? Anything to say for yourself with that lovely voice?” Hux watched him, excited but still trembling from nerves, pulling the shredded bodice up to cover his reddened nipples. Kylo moved to draw the skirt up to Hux’s knees so he could play with the hem, “I’m going to savor every little bit of you. If you have any objection, now would be the time to voice it.” The boy curled his legs slightly but made no reply. “Very well,” said Kylo, seizing the end of the skirt. He ripped it, slowly this time, watching the layers of fabric tear apart. Hux watched as well. Eyes wide as the sturdy fabric was torn up like a flimsy sheet of paper. Kylo stopped at the corset and admired the leg he had exposed all the way up to the boy’s hip, leaving smooth skin on full display. He grinned down at Hux as he gingerly lifted the shirt, “Now, let’s see what sort of man you are under here.” The boy pinked at the words and whimpered slightly when the skirt was laid aside and left him exposed. Kylo knew he couldn’t look for too long or else the silly human would get nervous and flustered again. He took a moment to study his cock, half hard and still so vulnerable between his legs. Moving between the boy’s legs, Kylo seized them at the knees and opened them, “What a pretty cock you have…” Hux tried to snap his legs closed but Kylo held them open, “Shh, just hold them open darling. I can’t touch you properly if you do that…there’s a good boy, staying nice and still.” Squeezing his eyes shut, the boy gave a light whimper. Kylo sighed and stroked his outer thigh as it quavered open, “That’s my good boy…it’s alright, I promised it won’t hurt.” He moved his hands slowly, trying to warm them to make his touches more pleasant as he began to move his hands between his human’s legs. Hux let out another whimper and kept his eyes shut. Kylo massaged his muscular legs with slow, patient circles, waiting for the human to calm himself enough to continue. He could feel the human shaking, his muscles trying to become less tense. Kylo hoped the boy wasn’t having another moral crisis, or suddenly becoming too frightened of the vampire’s teeth to continue. It had happened once or twice; one of his humans would spot them and they would become terrified of accidentally being bitten. Kylo tried not to bite during sex, not hard. If he bit the wrong place, hit a large vein, his human could bleed profusely, which was the last thing he wanted. Admittedly a human covered in blood was very attractive, but a human covered in its own blood and panicking, afraid it might bleed out and die, was terrifying to witness. He had to be gentle with them, they were such fragile creatures, and Hux needed this. The boy needed to see that he could trust Kylo, and what better way to do that than to share something so intimate. He rubbed his face against the boy’s knee and kissed his thigh, “So soft, just like silk, and so warm.” His human had beautiful legs. They were the most exercised part of him, with nicely toned muscles. His skin was wonderfully soft as well, with wisps of reddish hair on the uppermost part of his inner thighs. Kylo ran his fingers through the curls and listened to his human gasp and moan at the contact. He waited until Hux’s breathing slowed and his muscles relaxed before flicking his tongue out over a creamy patch of skin, “Just as exquisite as your breasts.” Hux whimpered slightly at the comment, looking up with his brow furrowed, clearly displeased, but not nearly upset enough to tell the vampire to stop. Kylo dipped his hands further down, rubbing the warm limbs and stealing their heat to make his hands less cold. He purred as he massaged his human and looked him over. He looked so debauched, lewdly splayed over the bed with his clothing torn to show the choicest parts of beautiful form. It only heightened things when he tried to move his tattered dress to cover up his nipples or his swelling member. “No, no, don’t do that,” chided Kylo, lifting the skirt away to keep Hux uncovered, “I can’t touch it if you cover up.” Reaching down, he traced over the shaft lightly, making Hux cry out. Kylo wondered how long it had been since another person had touched him there. He had to make sure his little human got the most out of the experience. Kylo took it in his now warm hand, stroking lightly, admiringly, from the base to the tip, pausing to tease around the foreskin and trace his thumb over the slit. The boy hadn’t shaved, and had possibly never considered shaving that area of his body. He continued to lavish the member with attention, occasionally letting his fingers tangle into the red hair at the base, “So pretty, you’re such a beautiful man. Perhaps you wouldn’t be averse to having me someday.” Hux’s eyes fluttered open at that. He couldn’t form a sentence with the way his moans were tumbling out of his lips. It seemed he’d never considered the possibility that he could take Kylo that way. The vampire wouldn’t have minded, not in the least. It had been ages since he had another person do that for him, and humans were so warm, spreading their heat through him from the inside out. He kissed Hux’s thighs, making a slow trail to the intimate hollow space between his leg and his crotch . He kissed there experimentally; trying to gage by Hux’s breathy moans whether he would enjoy having his mouth other places. Hearing moans turn to mewls, the meekest Kylo had ever heard come out of the boy, he decided he could try. He placed his hands beneath Hux’s knees and lifted them. “Wh-what are you doing?” asked Hux, who seemed to immediately miss the feeling of Kylo stroking him. “Shh…I promise it will feel good. If you don’t like it, just say the word and I’ll stop,” whispered Kylo. He thought Hux might enjoy playing at being roughly captured and taken, but he didn’t seem to want that at all right now. What he seemed to need was gentleness and reassurance. Kylo kept forgetting how new it all must be for him. He leaned in and pressed his lips to the tip of Hux’s cock . The boy immediately keened and fisted the sheets beneath him as Kylo held his legs apart. The vampire hummed and slowly laved his tongue over the head, “Mm…such a pleasing taste. So warm and soft…I haven’t had anything like it in hundreds of years.” He hadn’t; Armitage was his first male in ages and he didn’t disappoint. He tasted perfect, exquisite. He heard that humans found their own taste to be salty, but Kylo found this human to be rich and sweet beyond compare. His flesh was firm and succulent in his mouth and across his tongue. Kylo moved one hand to cup the reddened head, gently moving his fingers over it while he slowly swiped his tongue over Hux’s filling shaft . Kylo couldn’t resist a moan of his own. His little human tasted so good. It was made all the better by the fact that this human was so impressive in his own right. Beautiful, clever, headstrong, and all for him to enjoy. There was joy and frustration in needing explicit permission. Kylo could never surprise his partner, and sometimes his partner might want to initiate with him and forget to tell him very clearly what he had permission to do. However, there were times like these, when a human gave themselves over, gave their permission, and that invitation was such a symbol of trust, that Kylo found it precious beyond words. The boy might say he was only doing this for physical gratification, but he chose Kylo. He could have had his own fingers or hands, he could have kept saying no until his heat subsided, but he didn’t. The human chose to invite him and Kylo wanted to make sure his display of trust was rewarded. He pressed feathery light kisses all over Hux’s member. The boy keened and grasped at his hair, unable to decide whether to pull Kylo off or press him closer. The vampire let go of one leg to lightly handle the boy’s sac, thumbing over it before giving a light squeeze. Hux cried out again and thrust his hips out, trying to get more. He looked up at Kylo pleadingly, “I…I feel…I’m…” The poor thing couldn’t even say it out loud. “Don’t come yet, dearest,” said Kylo, pulling away and trailing his hand down to Hux’s backside, “I haven’t even prepared you yet. Hold yourself at the base…that’s it, good boy. Just hold on a little longer.” Hux did as he was told, holding himself between his thumb and forefinger with a hand that trembled from excitement and nerves. Kylo felt Hux’s warm cock bob against his cheek as he gave the boy’s testicles a little more attention . He didn’t need to invite the human to use his own mouth. He licked over them, listening to the boy mewl before taking one in his mouth. He suckled at it, moving his tongue around it before giving the other similar treatment. Kylo hummed against them, admiring his human’s flavour as Hux nervously laced a hand in the vampire’s hair. He licked a long stripe from the base, along the vein then over the tip where fluids were threatening to dribble out. Kylo suckled at the tip for a moment before soothing, “There, I think you’re ready for more now.” He pulled the ripped up skirt out of the way and lifted the boy’s legs higher. He hooked the human’s ankles over his shoulders to keep them up as he gripped the boy’s ass with both hands. Hux mewled again as Kylo squeezed and cupped the pert cheeks. Kylo chuckled, “Oh, I like this very much. So firm...” He squeezed the flesh and released it with a flourish. He patted the boy’s sweet little rump before grasping the globes of supple flesh and spreading them, “And such a sweet little pucker. Shall I open it for you?” Hux fisted the sheets, “Yes…please, just put it in…” “But I can’t do that,” purred Kylo, pulling back enough to start shedding his trousers. He worked at the buttons, wanting to free himself from the tightness of his own confinements . He had allowed himself to become hard, and was starting to feel the strain of it. “Please!” Hux repeated more insistently, “I said you could! I need it just…just fuck me!” Kylo moved closer and smirked, “But I can’t, not yet.” The boy was ready to argue again when Kylo slid his member against the boy’s smooth, flat stomach. Hux gasped and looked down, his eyes widening at the size of the appendage Kylo was rubbing against him. Kylo hummed at the warmth beneath him and thrust it experimentally over Hux’s belly and the corset, “See how big it is darling? How deep it’s going to go inside you? I have to prepare you first. If I don’t, I’m going to tear you open from the inside. And we don’t want that, do we?” Hux didn’t answer. He seemed more fixated on Kylo’s cock . He looked at it before timidly glancing up and asking, “Can…should I touch you ?” “I would enjoy that very much,” purred Kylo, “I’m going to warm my hands and put some oil on your pretty thighs, so go ahead.” Kylo took the vial of oil from beside him and felt the first set of warm hands he’d had on him in a long time. He groaned, Armitage had nice, slender hands with long fingers, but they were workman’s hands, rough with callouses that caught and teased in the best possible way. Hux didn’t seem to know what to do with it, stroking with his fingers while Kylo rubbed his thighs. “That’s it…just touch the way you would touch yourself darling…” panted Kylo, dribbling generous amounts of oil over the boy’s hips and belly before rubbing it in. He would need to warm it somehow, and he wasn’t about to take the boy’s hands away from what they were doing. He rubbed the backs of his thighs and over his ass, waiting for his hands and the oil to become tolerably warm as Hux began to thumb over his slit. Kylo instructed him gently, “Take us both in your hands…” Hux seemed uncertain for a moment, then let out a little mewl as he brought their erections together in his hands. Kylo found it perfect. Hux’s member was white hot against his and his hands held them together just tightly enough to warm him instantly. Hux flushed at the difference in their size, finding himself smaller and much more slender. Kylo brought a hand over Hux’s, “It’s perfect, just like the rest of you. I wouldn’t change any part of you. ” Hux didn’t seem so certain, but hopefully confidence would come to him in time. He asked quietly, “I want you in me...you can put your fingers inside…” Kylo separated himself from Hux, immediately missing the warmth, but he knew he would need to pull back to see what he was about to do. He brought his hand down to Hux’s entrance and traced over it with slow, lazy circles, “So pretty…It’s a gorgeous little pucker, pink like a flower. You’re going to be so tight…though perhaps I should taste it first…” “W-what!?” exclaimed Hux. “Let me be clear with you, dearest. I’m going to open up your passage, and then I’m going to taste you,” purred Kylo, pressing a finger inside, “And when I finish, I’m going to fill you.” The reaction was immediate. He barely pushed into the first joint and Hux tightened up, letting out a sharp cry. He was flushed deep red and trembling as Kylo reached up to pull his tattered bodice away from his chest to further expose him. His human looked so tousled as he lay back, moaning loudly. Kylo pushed in further, circling his finger around to stretch the opening wider to accommodate him. Hux cried out, his body instinctively trying to reject what it wasn’t accustomed to, writhing against the bed and already clutching the sheets in his tightly balled fists. Kylo waited until he relaxed slightly before sliding his finger in all the way to the knuckle. He hooked his finger forwards. He knew approximately where the pleasure points for both sexes were, but each individual was slightly different. It only took a few seconds of prodding. In an instant, Armitage suddenly jerked back and let out a loud cry of pleasure. “Wh-what is that!?” he cried out. “Your pleasure point…” purred Kylo. He paused for a moment, “You’ve had sex twice but nobody told you about your pleasure point?” Hux shook his head, “No…maybe…I don’t know...” Kylo was about to get angry and possessive again when the human pleaded, “Do it again?” The vampire’s half frown turned to a grin as he pressed his finger against the bundle of nerves deep inside the boy’s body. He didn’t lightly prod this time. He rubbed his fingers against it, stroking the spot as Armitage kept crying in delight , keening as loud as a banshee and writhing violently against the bed. He inserted another finger while the human was still in the throes of pleasure, hoping it would take the edge off of the pain of his rim being stretched further. The boy gasped prettily as he was scissored open, almost wide enough to take a third finger. Kylo moved up the bed, humming comforting tones as he stretched his human. He kissed the boy’s cheek as he began to sob at the stretch he was feeling and the newfound pleasure Kylo would occasionally give him. Kylo whispered pet names to him. His willing flower, his darling lamb, his little bride all dressed in white. He kissed the boy’s neck and exposed his nipples again as he slipped a third finger in. Hux keened and sobbed as he rocked his hips against the fingers, clearly wanting more. Kylo lapped at his throat, enjoying his sweetness and the tight warmth around his fingers. Looking at the human’s half exposed body, Kylo found Hux to be perfect, straddling a fine line between innocent and lewd. He purred at the human, “You feel like velvet inside. So warm…You might find me a little cold.” “Please…I want you in me…” pleaded Hux, “I need to…it’s…” Kylo observed the human’s leaking member. He removed his fingers and Armitage whined at the loss. With his free hand he tilted the human’s chin to face him as the lay nearly side by side. He drew a finger up the boy’s shaft to catch stray beads of precome dribbling down his straining member. Hux gasped as Kylo held his hand between them. The human looked over Kylo’s hand, confused as he why the vampire had stopped to show him what he already knew his body was doing. Kylo grinned. Despite insisting he wasn’t a virgin the boy was still quite innocent. He brought his own hand to his mouth and began to lick at it, causing the boy to stare at him with a look of horror on his face. “Mm…I’m very tempted to swallow up your pretty cock. Such an exquisite taste,” said Kylo. “Don’t! That’s- don’t lick that!” exclaimed Hux. “Why not? It tastes incredible. Mm…” he hummed, sucking on his fingertips, enjoying the scandalized look on the boy’s face, “Just as I thought. Your tight little passage is going to be quite the delicacy.” Hux mewled lightly and turned away from embarrassment. His light, breathy noises became louder as Kylo held his legs open and began to taste his human. Hux began keening when Kylo reached his most intimate areas. The vampire licked over his human’s thighs and ass, holding the boy’s legs open and rubbing circles with his fingers. Kylo finally settled close to the boy’s opening. He blew against it, letting Hux know exactly where he was. “Ready darling?” asked Kylo. He gave the boy a moment to reply, and hearing nothing, swiped his tongue over the open, twitching rim, “I need to hear your invitation.” “Y-yes…do it…” Hux stammered, from nerves and from pleasure, “Y-you can lick inside…” Hux cried out and trembled as Kylo hummed against his hole, sending vibrations through his body and letting the boy know how good he tasted. He circled his tongue around the hole before licking over it with long, fat strokes of his tongue. The boy’s legs were shaking as Kylo laved over it once more, “So good…maybe I’ll just keep you like this so I can taste you whenever I please.” Hux whined at the words and keened when Kylo pressed his tongue inside for a moment. The boy tasted good, and his insides were hot and slick against his tongue. He moved his hands, sliding them towards the human’s cock and touching it teasingly as he continued to taste his ass . He hummed, listening to the boy’s cries and sobs as he was pleasured. The human’s little body was thrumming beneath him. Kylo could hear the rush of blood, the laboured breathing, feel his muscles twitching and loved every moment of it. He massaged his lips against the open rim, knowing that it would give the human even more pleasure. There were elements of power in it. He had so much control over his human, and could make him feel things he had never imagined before. He was also able to give him the pleasure the human had so desperately wanted and others had failed to give him. He took pride in it, and it provided almost all the pleasure he needed. Almost. He still wanted to be inside his human, to feel his warmth surround him and watch the human come. He pulled back, earning another whine as Hux fell slack against the bed. He was a sight, and one that gave Kylo no trouble in getting himself aroused. He kissed his human’s cheek, “Now…this may hurt a little. If it’s too much, tell me and we’ll use more oil.” Hux nodded, refocusing on the strain between his legs, “Should I…get on my knees?” “No, lie still and I’ll take care of the rest,” assured Kylo, moving down the boy’s lithe body again. He spread the boy’s legs as wide as he was comfortable with. He was quite limber, likely due to riding horses. Kylo slicked himself with oil and lined himself up with the waiting, twitching entrance before guiding the head of his cock in as gently as he could. Hux cried out and clenched around Kylo . Kylo paused, listening to him let out a string of sobs and whimpers, “Should I stop , darling?” “No! No please…it’s good…” sobbed Hux, breaking off into a series of mewls as he wriggled his hips, “M-more…p- push in more. Fill me up…” Kylo hardly needed to be instructed twice with the boy pleading as sweetly as he was. He pressed in further, slowly, just a little at a time, waiting for Hux’s slim body to adjust to the intrusion. Armitage was tight and hot, clenching perfectly around him. The boy kept thrashing, so much so that Kylo needed to keep a hand on Hux’s hip to pin him in place. He pressed in all the way until Kylo bottomed out, listening to the boy pant and sob, “Y- you're so cold … so big... ” Most humans realised how extreme his temperature was during sex, and how girthy he wa s, but it always made Kylo want to take them all the more when he heard them say it out loud. He gave a shallow thrust, pulling back slightly and pushing in. The boy cried out and sobbed against the pillows, having twisted his neck to try to arch even further to try to wring more pleasure from the experience. His breathing was coming out short and laboured. Kylo continued to thrust into him, in and out shallowly as he gripped the corset. It was hindering the poor thing’s breathing. It needed to come off… …so naturally he tore it from the boy’s body. The clasps popped, sending metal pieces soaring across the room. He tossed the pieces of the ruined corset so they landed on either side of the boy’s body. Hux’s eyes went wide for a moment, panting wildly as he caught his breath and stared up at Kylo with awe and need in his eyes. Kylo pulled back this time and aimed for the boy’s prostate, groaning when he felt the boy clench around him once more. Kylo slammed inside again, harder this time, making the boy keen for him, tossing about on the bed and mewling between shouts. He was an absolute mess, his hair tousled from all his twisting and writhing , his clothes barely hanging from his body as they tangled around his limbs. Kylo groaned as he kept thrusting into the lithe form beneath him, trying to give Hux as much pleasure as he could. He pressed close, kissing Hux’s jaw and neck, telling him how beautiful he was and what a good boy he was being for him. The boy didn’t seem to be listening at all. He gripped Kylo’s back and kept crying out, using what leverage he could to thrust more frantically. Hux dug his short nails in harshly, possibly without meaning to as he leaned in to crush his lips against Kylos. He held on tightly with his legs as well, trying to get as much as he could while his needy mewls tumbled from his lips into Kylo’s mouth. The boy was close, very close, and Kylo was going to follow soon after. He reached between them to take hold of the boy’s flushed cock , wringing another half shout, half sob from Hux. He stroked in firmly, closing his hand around Hux before he starts to pump his hand up and down his shaft, “Come for me, darling. It’s alright. Be a good boy and come. I want to feel you come with me inside you.” Hux came with another shout, clenching tightly as his thrusts became even more erratic. His hot come spurted across their bellies, marking them as Kylo continued to thrust into his tight heat. Kylo tried to make sure he held out during this part so he could pleasure his partner all the way through their climax. He continued to thrust and stroke the human as Hux mewled. Kylo ensured the boy got as much out of the orgasm as he could, coming as soon as Hux’s climax began to settle, thrusting as he coated the pretty human’s insides. Hux mewled lightly as he clenched and spasmed around Kylo’s softening cock while Kylo made sure the human wrung every drop from him. He panted lightly, kissing his human wherever he could. Hux looked exhausted, listless as he panted and stared at the ceiling. Kylo wasted little time in moving down his body, pulling out to watch his own come dribble from the boy’s stretched and twitching rim. He watched it for a moment; his seed dripping inside his beautiful human, marking the boy as his. He licked at Hux’s abdomen, lapping up the boy’s sweet fluids and drawing a slight whimper from him. Kylo paused between long strokes of his tongue and groans at his human’s sweet taste to speak, “You were incredible. So beautiful.” He grinned and kissed the human’s stomach, “You know dearest, my body isn’t like yours, I don’t need to rest right now, I have more endurance than a human and I can make myself hard again. I could take you again if you wanted.” “What…?” the boy asked listlessly. “I could lick you clean and take you again,” repeated Kylo, purring as he drew a finger over Hux’s dripping entrance, “In theory I could keep going for hours, days even. Take you over and over until you couldn’t come anymore. It’s quite the feeling, having your pleasure point touched just after you come. And I could give that to you, over and over.” Hux whined at the proposition. He looked over at Kylo and added, almost innocently, “I’ve…I’ve never done that before.” “I need your permission darling. I can’t unless you tell me otherwise,” said Kylo, a little smug as he moved to kiss his human, “What do you say? Once more? On your stomach this time?” “Y-yes…” stammered Hux, kissing Kylo nervously. The boy’s face had been completely consumed by lust. He was more animal than rational now, his thoughts almost entirely focused on pleasure. Kylo wasn’t sure if it was something that could happen between two humans, but he did know that when any of his humans had slept with him they claimed to have been significantly more eager with him than they had been with other partners. He also lived in a very isolated place. If a human did something in his home, something indulgent or something considered taboo among their own kind, there was no way of other humans to find out or condemn them. They were free to explore any aspect of sex they liked, free from judgement, and became infinitely less repressed. Hux might not have been a woman, but he was inclined to prefer men, something humans look down on for some reason. Here, he didn’t have to worry about holding back. He could be open about his proclivities and indulge them to his heart’s content. Kylo kissed him back, pulling him close and listening to the human whine when he tried to move his legs. He was going to be sore, it was inevitable, so Kylo moved him as gingerly as he could, trying not to cause additional discomfort. He helped the human turn, get himself onto his stomach. Kylo gripped his human’s hips and raised them so the boy was on his knees, presenting himself. Kylo trailed his fingers down the backs of the boy’s thighs and looked him over, open and leaking. Hux whimpered slightly at the positioning, seeming to realize that he was very exposed and vulnerable. Kylo moved his hands up to his ass, stopping to give each freckle a little attention, tracing lines between them. The vampire grinned, “You’re perfect. Can you hold yourself still for me dearest?” He settled one hand over the boy’s thigh and gripped it tightly. With the other he traced slow, sensual circles around the boy’s used and leaking rim, “That’s it darling, such a good boy…” He listened to the boy’s whimpering for a moment, taking in the scent of his arousal and the feel of his warm, smooth skin. The flesh was quite supple, just yielding enough to give Kylo something to grasp. He released the thigh to settle his hand over one of the globes of flesh and gave it a squeeze, digging his fingers in to test how much give it had. He released it with a flourish, watching the little swell of his bottom jiggle. With a grin, Kylo cupped the cheeks with one hand and bounced them as much as Hux’s thin frame would allow, “You’ve done nothing wrong, but I think you might like a spanking.” “Wh-what?” the boy asked timidly. Kylo tickled his fingers over the flesh, humming as he listened to Armitage gasp. He slowly traced a finger over the crack up towards the human’s spine before trailing down, threatening to roam into more intimate areas. He grasped the flesh once again, lifting it before watching it bounce back into place. The boy let out an indignant whine as Kylo began to massage his fingers into the flesh. He grasped and kneaded it, imagining that it would make the flesh even more tender, “Hm…you have such a perfect little rump. Nice and pert, but with just the right amount of fat to give it some pliancy. How many swats should I give it dearest?” “I-I don’t know,” said the boy quickly, whining as Kylo dug into the flesh under his fingertips with firm circular motions. He continued to grasp and release the flesh, letting it jiggle slightly before tracing the dips and divots of his hips and spine. He gave the human’s rump a firm little pat, “I could use my mouth instead. Humans have such delicious flesh, and yours is such a delicacy. Should I taste you again?” Hux gasped and tried to pull away when he said that. Kylo kept him pinned easily with one hand though. Not painfully hard, just firm enough that the human wouldn’t be able to get up. He could smell arousal spilling off of the boy, he really seemed to enjoy being held down. He waited until the boy stopped squirming before Kylo finished, “I think two swats would be amusing. Remember to call them.” He raised his hand and brought it down, slapping his human’s backside. Not hard enough to hurt him, but firm enough that he would feel it. The human yelped out, “O-one!” His used hole spasmed and dripped as it tightened in response to the swats. Hux’s toes curled as he whimpered lightly and thrust his hips out, burying his face in the sheets. Kylo kissed where he had struck, pausing to lick one of the little freckles, “Perhaps more than two? You seem to love this…” Another swat and the boy squeaked, “Two!” Kylo gripped the boy’s hips again and leaned in to lap at the fluid that leaked from him, “Such a good boy, letting me taste wherever I like. Good boys deserve all the pleasure they could want.” Kylo gave him another light slap and Hux cried out, “Three!” “Now, should I give my good boy more slaps? Or does he want me inside?” asked Kylo. “I-inside…you can put something inside…” Hux whined again and pushed his hips back. It seemed he was still an impatient creature, but that could be fixed, if the boy was willing. With a little practice he might come to appreciate slowly taking his time to enjoy the experience. Kylo waited a moment before indulging him, slowly tracing a few more circles before sliding his finger in again. He found Hux’s pleasure point almost immediately and the human let out a keen of pleasure. “Does it feel good?” asked Kylo, already knowing the answer. Hux didn’t reply. Whenever he tried to stammer out an answer Kylo would stroke his finger over the little bundle of nerves and the boy would start moaning all over again. “Good boy, so very good,” Kylo praised him, moving closer and placing kisses over the boy’s rump, pausing to lick and pinch the little freckles, “So good for me, you deserve to be clean. I’m going to put my tongue inside again, dearest.” “Yes…you can put it inside...” Hux gasped out. He slipped his tongue inside along with his finger and the human let out a squeal. He was crying out wordlessly and sobbing in pleasure. Kylo liked his partners to be vocal, and he found younger humans, being less experienced, tended to be louder since they had less practice at keeping their voices low. Occasionally the words, ‘more’ and ‘please’ would tumble out of Hux’s lips as he tried to push himself back further and take in more. He kept his grip on the boy’s thigh to hold Hux in place as he continued to clean him with long strokes of his tongue and prodding his tight bundle of nerves gently. He pulled back to observe his human who was fisting the sheets with saliva slowly pooling beneath him on the pillow. He was getting hard again. Kylo pressed his own hardened cock between the boy’s legs, listening to him mewl at the contact. Kylo shushed him, “Hush darling, it’s alright, I need to get it a little warmer for you.” He brought Hux’s thighs together, lifting them and repositioning the boy effortlessly. He held them together and slid his length between the silky inner thighs. Hux whimpered whenever Kylo’s cock caught against his balls and kept moaning insistently. Kylo groaned at the contact, “You’re so warm, so lovely, are you ready to take me again, dearest?” The boy let out a sob and nodded, gasping out his permission. Kylo spread the boy’s legs again, drawing a satisfied noise from him, and lined himself up with the boy’s entrance to push into that tight heat one more time. With this position he could thrust deeper inside Hux, feeling his velvety soft walls clenching around him. Kylo groaned and gripped his human’s hips, thrusting inside harder than before. Hux couldn’t seem to find words to say anything. He pushed back as much as he could, wanting more contact. He reached up the boy’s back and took hold of the dress, still clinging to Hux in tatters. He let go of Hux’s hips to take hold of it, ripping it down the back and letting it fall off the boy’s body, leaving him completely naked. Kylo kept one hand on the boy’s hip so he could keep thrusting and lowered the other hand to the back of his neck, holding Hux down in a way he might like, “So beautiful like this. I’ve never seen anything more provocative…I want more of you, darling…” He leaned down pressing himself against the boy’s back. He kissed his sweat-sweet nape, feeling Hux’s body thrumming with life beneath him. He could feel blood flowing, his lungs expanding and contracting, his muscles flexing, and bones moving beneath him. He was such a lively human. Kylo let go of his hips to grasp his hot, throbbing cock and Hux keened, “Please! Please…” “Such a good human, ready to come for me again,” purred Kylo, reaching around the boy’s chest to toy with his nipple, keeping the human pressed flush against him. He praised Hux as he thrust into him, “And so tight. Warm and perfect…with a lovely cock…perfect in my hand…” Kylo pumped Hux’s shaft again and the human let out another loud cry. He stilled his hand and panted in Hux’s ear, “Be a good boy and ask me to stroke your pretty cock.” “Please touch it!” pleaded Hux, thrusting back and forth, trying to get the contact he needed to push himself over the edge. “No…” purred Kylo, groaning as he thrust into Hux’s perfect, tight heat. He pinched the nipple between his fingers and ordered between thrusts, “Say it right…ask me to stroke…your pretty pink cock…and come inside this…tight…little…hole.” Hux whimpered and mewled as Kylo continued to pound into him, pausing to make sure Hux didn’t come just yet. He toyed with his nipple though, pinching and pulling as he kissed Hux’s throat and tear stained cheek. The boy whimpered, “Please…ah…s-stroke my…” He broke off and finished more quietly, “…pretty pink cock…” “And?” asked Kylo, giving a particularly harsh thrust, letting his balls slap against the human’s ass. “A-and!” cried the boy before breaking off into whimpers, “P-Please…c-come in my…” He mewled before mumbling, “…m-my…t-tight little hole.” “Anything for my dearest human,” said Kylo as sweetly as he could manage, wrapping his hand around Hux’s shaft. Hux came again, all over his hand and what remained of the dress he arrived in. Kylo allowed himself to finish inside, making the human gasp and whimper at the feeling of being filled again. Kylo kept thrusting until Hux had taken all of it. Releasing the boy, he fell boneless against the bed, managing to turn himself a little so he fell on part of the corset and not on the pool of come and rags that had once been a dress. Kylo leaned down and kissed him, praised him for being good and asked, “Would you want to go again darling?” “I’m– sore…” mumbled the human, barely awake by this point. “Poor little darling,” said Kylo, kissing his cheek, “I might have worn you out. Perhaps twice was too much.” “It was good…” whispered the human, “I didn’t think it could be that good…You were good for all of them?” Kylo stroked the boy’s cheek, “They said I was. I tried to make them happy. I want to make you happy too.” Hux nodded and his eyelids drooped. He was barely able to keep them open . Kylo kissed the boy’s temple, “Do you want to sleep?” “Yes…” mumbled Hux, “And tomorrow, we can finish that lesson?” “Lesson?” asked Kylo. “Reading…” the boy replied, his eyes struggling to stay open. “We’ll have as many lessons as you want,” promised Kylo. He supposed Hux just wouldn’t be Hux if he wasn’t always thinking about plans and bigger pictures. He smiled softly as he added, “But go easy on the history. I find it so dry.” Hux smiled softly as Kylo moved the blankets to drape them around him. The scent of sex lingered in the air, drowning out everything else, but the boy had a soft, contented ghost of a smile on his face. He glanced up at Kylo, “You loved them all like that?” “Many of them, yes,” repeated Kylo. The boy must have been having trouble keeping his thoughts straight. It was adorable, despite the topic of conversation. “It wasn’t bad like I thought it would be…you were trying to make them happy,” he said softly, “I think I understand a little better now.” Kylo recalled how furious Hux had been at the idea of sex. That he was some object to be ‘fucked and killed,’ as he had put it. He likely hadn’t been thinking of how good it might be for him, or how badly everyone who came before him might have wanted the comfort and attention. Kylo petted him through the blanket, running his hand along the fabric firmly, “And I think I understand why you were so worried. I’m stronger than you, and with the command I have, you must have been worried I would think you were just a plaything.” “You acted like I was,” said Hux quietly, “Or I thought you were.” “No, you’re right, I’ve been treating my humans like toys and you aren’t a toy dearest,” agreed Kylo, whispering softly. He pressed his body against Hux, still separated by the blanket, “I don’t need to sleep now, but I’ll lie next to you.” “Is this…are we friends now?” asked Hux uncertainly. “If it would make you happy, we can be friends,” said Kylo. He kissed Hux’s tangled hair, knowing he would have to give it a good brushing later to set it straight again, “Go to sleep dearest. Just a few minutes and you’ll feel refreshed.” Chapter 20 Notes: I swear I will get these boys on horses, but at least now Hux has a horse-friend! Also, I'm going to be taking three weeks off. Between my upcoming move, some health scares in the family and work, I just don't have time to write. I want this fic to be as good as it can be, and I'm really sorry that I can't update every week until it's done, but I need a little break. I hope nobody minds too much. Also...CHRIIIIIIISTMAAAAAAAAASSSSSSSS!!!!! Kylo nestled next to his human and watched him sleep, absentmindedly working tangles out of his hair. He would still need to brush the fiery tresses, but for now his fingers would suffice. Hux was completely spent and slept for some time, but it gave Kylo a chance to admire him for a moment longer . He also tried to remember, while this was progress for Hux, and certainly changed their relationship, it wasn’t love. Or at least Hux didn’t want it to be love, not yet. They might be friends who were inclined to take care of each other’s needs, but Kylo was happy Hux thought of them as friends at all. The human had seemed so determined to hate him that he had been worried that Hux would spend the rest of his life stuck in that hate and misery. But he didn’t. The human, proving his race’s impressive ability to adapt, found a different way, and was going to continue trying to find a better way for the both of them. Kylo mused over the problem as he watched over his human. Hux would have to be made respectable, which was more than a few fake airs and new clothes. He would need to be able to come across as a human of some status. On top of that, there was the possibility of him having magical blood somewhere in his lineage. If it could be proven it would make him much more sympathetic, but magic was a difficult thing to prove without a demonstration, and Kylo doubted, even with Armitage’s wild magic, he would be able to get a horse in front of an entire council of vampires. Though if he only proved it to one of them, one who the others would believe and trust, it could be managed. However, Hux still needed a good system. He had mentioned to Kylo, who still couldn’t believe he had never questioned, the sudden and simultaneous change in humans all over the continent. If there was some external force that had made the humans violent, the easiest solution would be to make sure whatever caused it would stop. Then there would be absolutely no need to keep humans under control with such brutality. But what on earth had the power to do that? Witches could only control a handful of persons or spaces at a time, and it would have been difficult for them all to coordinate. Demons had a habit of acting playful, flippant even, when it came to their works, but they always used their power strategically and Kylo had never known one to be able to possess more than one building or small group of people at a time. So what made thousands of humans, normally frightened by vampires, suddenly want to wipe them out? According to Armitage there was no reason. Kylo was less convinced, but he supposed a few acts of random violence was more believable than humans suddenly thinking they could storm a castle. Kylo tried not to think of that day. He had often striven to try to forget it, like he had forgotten so many other things, but the memory was lodged fast in his mind. Perhaps it was too heartbreaking and terrifying for him to forget. Now though, he had to remember. He closed his eyes and thought back. He had been in his bed, not really sleeping but not exactly awake when he heard a deafening crash. From years of battle he had recognized the sound of a battering ram. He remembered commanding the wraiths to set up more defences, to barricade the front gate while he put on his armour and took up his broadsword. He was barely finished preparing when the gate had been breached and the horde rushed inside. At first he had used the memory to justify why humans couldn’t be trusted and why they needed to be suppressed. Now, when he thought back on it, he had seen humans among them who he never thought would be violent towards anything. He remembered the sight of one of them distinctly. He couldn’t remember a name, but the man had been a baker. He had a wife and several small children. He had been a little afraid of Kylo, most humans were, but the man would converse with him about the weather or about town gossip. The baker always seemed like such a happy man, and preferred to shoo flies and spiders out of his work area rather than kill them. When Kylo had seen him, rushing in, he was so stunned by the betrayal he never questioned why this man in particular would fight against him. As much as it hurt he tried to remember that man’s face. It had been twisted, no trace of his usual smile left. He was completely consumed by hate, by rage. He hadn’t looked like he was under a spell, and yet when Kylo had struck him, cracking his skull with the pommel of his sword, the man’s expression had shifted. He had seemed just as stunned as Kylo was. But none of them had mentioned a spell when the trials began. They pleaded for themselves and their families, of course, but none of them said anything about not feeling like themselves or not being able to remember anything, the usual hallmarks of being under a spell. He tried to remember what the humans had said. They claimed they had been frightened, that it had been like an epiphany or awakening. They all realized that ‘unnatural’ creatures were a danger, a sentiment only shared by a minority of humans, and acted on those feelings. They apologized, they pleaded, but it wasn’t enough to soothe the pain of what they had done. And the vampires, so hurt, so betrayed, so devastated by loss, were so determined to have their revenge that they never questioned. “You’re frowning, what are you thinking?” mumbled the boy, rubbing his face against the pillow. Kylo settled in beside his human, “About this little problem we’ve both decided to set our minds to. And about you.” “I make you frown now?” asked Hux groggily. “I was thinking about what a shame it is that it took twenty-one years for someone to hold you like this. That’s an awfully long time for a human,” said Kylo. He moved the backs of his fingers along Hux’s pale arm, “And I can remember how much touch means to your kind.” He leaned in and kissed Hux’s ear, “You’ll probably be wanting a bath, and you have a pretty dress to try on.” “And a lesson to get caught up on,” added Hux, sitting up slightly and hissing. He grimaced, “I forgot that it hurts after.” “Does it hurt badly,” asked Kylo, furrowing his brow. “No, not bad, just sore. I can definitely feel it,” replied the boy, “It hurts less than last time, but I guess it’s because I don’t bleed anymore.” “Virgins aren’t supposed to bleed,” repeated Kylo, more gravely than before, “Sometimes it can happen with women. There’s a delicate lining inside them and it can be accidentally damaged, but it doesn’t have to happen, virgin or otherwise. As for men, there’s nothing like that, so if you bleed it’s because he didn’t prepare you enough, he was too rough, and he was either ignorant about why you were bleeding or had a complete disregard for your comfort.” Hux furrowed his own brow slightly. He seemed confused, as if this was the first time hearing of this. It probably was. Humans were surprisingly ignorant of their own bodily functions. Kylo sighed, “It’s a wives’ tale, darling.” “But everyone says-” began Hux. “Everyone is wrong,” interrupted Kylo, “You’re quick to point out when they’re wrong about the laws being fair. Besides, consider how long I’ve lived and how many humans I’ve known over the years. Don’t you think I would have noticed by now if I was wrong?” Hux sighed, wordlessly forfeiting the argument. Kylo leaned in close to him to kiss his cheek, “And as for you, you were perfect. Sweet, warm, very tight, and such a lovely voice. I’ve no idea how I’m going to resist you now.” Hux was flushed slightly from the praise that he must have so rarely received and looked up at Kylo seriously, “You’re going to resist because we have a goal. If you want me to live past two years, you’ll resist long enough to help me.” Kylo grinned and pulled Hux close, “Oh, is that your game? Making sure I can’t live without you so I’ll be wrapped around your little finger?” Kylo kissed his cheek again and purred, “Well there’s no need for that dearest. You had me from the moment I tore off that silly wig of yours.” “I mean it. This arrangement we have…it’s just for urges. We can be friends, maybe, but other things are more important,” repeated Hux, “I don’t want to get distracted from it. I don’t want to wake up one morning and find I don’t have any time left and someone else is going to die another two years after me.” “It won’t happen, I promise,” assured Kylo, moving to lace his fingers in Hux’s, “But I hope you’ll at least allow yourself time to get cleaned up.” Hux briefly glanced under the blankets and grimaced, “I think I need to…” Kylo wrapped an arm around Hux and hooked another under his legs, lifting him with ease. The boy gasped and Kylo chided him, “Don’t fuss. You’re sore, I’m just trying to assist you.” “I don’t need that!” said Hux quickly, pushing at Kylo’s shoulders, “And I can’t go out in the hall naked!” “There’s nobody in the castle but myself and a bunch of wraiths. You can go anywhere you like naked,” replied Kylo flippantly. He kissed Hux’s forehead, “And you’re such a beautiful little darling. I’m tempted to never let you dress again.” “Don’t you dare…” gasped Hux. “You really need to learn how to take a joke, dearest,” chided Kylo. Hux gave him an odd sort of look before rolling his eyes and covering his face with his hands. The human was very light for him, though he supposed that was mostly due to his own strength. Kylo had to admit that Armitage was a bit awkward to carry. Being so tall and with such long legs he was just a little more difficult to move about than a petite young woman. He was also hard to resist, even as Kylo brought him to the bath. It took a great deal of self-control not to think about getting hard and taking the human again. “How shall we do this, darling? May I bathe you?” asked Kylo. Hux looked away slightly. It seemed in spite of being intimate he wasn’t quite ready to let go of his shyness. It usually took some time for humans who were inexperienced or not quite confident in their own skin to get rid of all their reservations. He mumbled, “Can we cloud the water again?” “Of course,” replied Kylo. “You can…wash with me, if you want,” added Hux. He flushed slightly as he continued, “It would be a bit silly of me to tell you to stay away and look at the wall after everything…” “You don’t have to say that,” said Kylo. “I know you’ve been wanting to and…it’s not such a bad thing, and you don’t want to hurt me so, it’s alright,” said Hux, shifting his legs to try to keep himself covered up, at least a little. Kylo nuzzled his human’s cheek, “Well, whatever your reasons, I’m glad you’re letting me.” *** The poor thing had absolutely no idea what to do with himself. Kylo couldn’t recall the last time he’d seen a human get so flighty in the bath. Some humans bathed socially, and even though it wasn’t always practiced in this country, sometimes servants walked in and out of baths. If a human was bathing with him for the first time, they were sometimes nervous, but as soon as the scrubbing stopped, instead of relaxing in the water, Armitage curled up and was either very restless or he had spotted a fly buzzing around and felt the need to give it his full attention. Not being able to hear a fly, Kylo figured he was just being restless and uncertain. “You’re not frightened, are you? You can look at me if you want,” said Kylo. He lifted his hand and watched the blue tinted water pour from it, “I’m quite covered up with the water like this.” “Yes and no…” mumbled Hux. Kylo arched his brow, “Yes and no, you’re frightened or yes and no I’m covered up?” “A bit of both…” replied the human. Kylo paused, “Darling…what’s frightening you now?” “It’s not really being frightened but…there’s no going back now. We’ve done this and now…I can never go back to the way I was,” muttered Hux. “Would you want to?” asked Kylo incredulously. The boy had few friends, many people who disliked him and had more or less lived in squalor. Why he would ever want to go back to that was completely beyond Kylo’s comprehension. Here the boy had a decent home, good food, ample opportunities to gain knowledge, and yet he wanted to go back? “I thought before, maybe I would. If we figured this out, I thought maybe I could go home, or at least live with other humans. I don’t think I can do that now…” admitted Hux. Kylo tried his best not to look hurt. Hux wanted to leave him? He wanted to leave him for other humans? No, that was understandable. Humans lived in a pack and felt instinctively drawn to be other humans they felt connected to. Of course Hux wanted a pack and a family. They had agreed beforehand that whatever happened between them was urges being taken care of. It meant nothing. Not in the way Kylo wanted it to. “I mean…don’t you get lonely here?” asked Hux, “I used to see new people all the time. I haven’t seen another human in over a week. I don’t know how you can stand being here all by yourself.” “I don’t follow you dearest. Why do you think you can’t go home now?” asked Kylo, changing the subject. Hux gave a slight shrug, “We had sex, I’m a witch…nobody’s going to want me around anymore. So even if this does work out, I don’t think I could live with humans again. At least not ones who know who I am.” “If you did this for them, you’d be a hero. They’d be happy to have you,” said Kylo. Hux sighed slightly, “I have some people I miss, and I do want to see them again, if I can someday. But there are a lot I’d be happy to never see again. And if they knew what I’d done, I wouldn’t be their hero for long. What I did is very serious for humans.” “You’re all a little bit silly that way, I think,” said Kylo, “You all get so wrapped up in good and evil and trying to make rules for yourselves that you make each other miserable in your failed attempts at social harmony.” “I don’t mean sex with a man, though that’s not really something that’s taken kindly to. I meant I had sex with someone who’s technically dead,” said Hux gravely, “And who killed so many humans. I doubt anyone would want to stand within arm’s length of me if they knew.” “I disgust you?” asked Kylo in a low voice. “That isn’t what I meant,” Hux growled back, “I meant that nobody would understand and they wouldn’t like it. I meant I chose something that’s going to keep me isolated even if everything turned out for the best. I meant, I think I’m stuck with you and your kind forever and I don’t know how I’m supposed to feel about never getting to see the humans I’ve lived with again.” Kylo sighed and leaned back against the tub, “Do you regret it?” “I…” Hux began before he trailed off, “No. This is for the best. It makes this my choice, not something that went wrong and I got myself wrapped up in. I chose this…I just don’t know how I feel. It doesn’t feel real.” Kylo looked over at his human, “You really do have a tendency to overthink everything. I suppose I really shouldn’t be surprised at this point. You know you’re allowed to let yourself be happy. You can’t keep thinking of these things and making yourself miserable. Just think of it as...you’re being married. My pretty bride who’s going to live with me now. It’s true, you’re saying goodbye to your old home, but I’ll be caring for you now.” His humans stayed quiet at that and Kylo had a difficult time trying to figure out what he might be thinking. He was such a young creature and the world he knew was so very small. Now it was getting larger and more confusing with things that weren’t quite as black and white as humans tended to like them to be. Everything that was happening must seem hard and strange for Hux, and he would need time to adjust to all of them. Kylo sighed again, “I hope you at least enjoyed the sex.” The human stiffened and promptly flushed a bright red. He seemed embarrassed but not regretful. Kylo grinned, the poor, silly thing had enjoyed it, and now he was being bashful about it. Kylo grinned slightly to himself, sitting back and watching the human shrink against the back of the tub, “Because I certainly enjoyed it. You had the most provocative cries and mewls. It’s a good thing we’re all the way out here because you could have woken an entire town with your voice. I’m surprised you can speak at all.” Hux was very close to completely submerging himself. Kylo snorted, trying not to laugh at the silly human, “It’s alright darling, I wanted you to enjoy it. It was meant to make you feel better, not worse.” Hux’s glowered at him slightly, the lower half of his face submerged. The boy held his hands out in front of himself and squeezed them, firing a stream of water from between his palms and seemingly guided by his thumbs. Kylo was so fascinated by what the human was doing that he accidentally allowed himself to be splashed in the face. Hux resurfaced and leaned out the side of the tub, “You talk too much.” Kylo raised his arm and splashed water back at his human, “Don’t be like that. Come here, why don’t you show me how you did that?” “What?” asked Hux turning to look at Kylo, who was trying to replicate what the human had done moments earlier. He recalled Hux had brought his hands together and then…how exactly had the human done it? Hux, for his part snorted before bringing his hands together and shooting water again, this time hitting Kylo squarely in the chest, “You mean that?” “Yes that, how are you doing that?” asked Kylo. Hux stared at Kylo for a moment, “You’ve never played in water before?” “Not really. When I was little my mother told me not to because I might drown. Then after I turned I was terrified of the idea of some holy man or woman blessing the water while I was swimming. Water can make us very vulnerable with the wrong sort of human around,” explained Kylo. He grimaced slightly, “I didn’t used to mind priests. I went on crusades with quite a few of them. Then somewhere along the line they closed ranks, doubled down, I blame the reformation and counter-reformation, personally.” “I don’t know what those are, but I guess it’s a bit like humans and being in a stranger’s home. We’re vulnerable, we don’t know who they are, what they are, and most beings that aren’t human seem to want to eat us,” replied the human, inching closer to Kylo. He sighed, “Nearly every story Illya’s governess ever read to us was about a human who gets lost and meets someone and stumbles across a strange house. Usually it ends with the human being trapped forever or eaten or killed. They teach us as children not to trust you or other creatures.” Kylo furrowed his brow, “I don’t really understand why you think that. Your kind betrayed us, after all.” “Because you’re stronger than us, and you have powers that we can’t fight back against. I guess it’s hard for you to understand. You’ve spent most of your life being stronger than everyone else,” sighed Hux, “You probably have no idea what it feels like to be at someone else’s mercy like this.” Perhaps not in that exact way, but Kylo had an idea. When he had first turned he was frightened that someone would come and kill him, but he also knew that so long as he had some warning, he was stronger than a horse, despite still being the size of a child. He wasn’t really vulnerable in that sense but, there had been one other time… He had been playing in a field. His mother had told him to stay inside but he had wanted to play. He had resolved to bring her some flowers when he went home as an apology. It had been hot, and he got tired very quickly. He spotted a man in dark robes coming down the road. Kylo thought he was some sort of monk with all his robes. He had been told he could trust monks and he should be kind to them, so he said hello. The monk stopped, sat beside him and talked for a while. He wanted to know Kylo’s name, where he was from, and a few other, frivolous questions. What animals and foods he liked, if he enjoyed his lessons, things like that. After talking a while he had been thirsty. The monk, Kylo had been so certain that he had been a monk, offered him a drink from a water-skin. He had been so thirsty, and the man seemed so friendly, he took a drink without giving a single thought to any possible consequences. Then Kylo felt a horrible twisting pain, starting in his guts as the man stood up and walked away. Perhaps humans weren’t wrong to be terrified of mysterious strangers. Kylo had long since accepted the fact that he had been turned, and knew he never could have lived the life he had without being a vampire. He spent a good portion of his life despising humans, and often was grateful for the fact that he wasn’t like them. However, he never had a choice in the matter. He had been tricked, turned against his will, and the life he had known up until that point had been ruined. He recalled those first few decades, hating what he was and what that person had done to him. He was often alone, often miserable, not sure if he hated the vampires who turned him or the humans who took to shunning him more. He hadn’t welcomed any company from other vampires until his mother had died. He had been so lonely and they were the only ones who offered to see him. Kylo had expected them to be deceptive, evil, constantly plotting to cause harm to humans, but they weren’t. Most of them loved humans. They expressed sympathy for what had happened to him, for having being turned through deception at such a young age. They welcomed him, offered to take him in as part of their family since his mother had passed. The vampires he met were an odd, ragtag mercenary group called the Knights of Ren. Kylo had been suspicious of them at first, but they offered to help him with his territory, taught ways that people fought in all sorts of countries, and were his most constant and trusted friends. He never had friends like that before. He supposed that was when he decided he was glad to be a vampire, not an awful human who was cruel and distrusting. Armitage settled in close, taking care not to let their bodies touch as he put his hands together, “Alright, well, first you go like this.” “How?” asked Kylo, not exactly paying attention. “This,” said Hux, “To shoot the water out of your hands, you do this.” Trying to distract himself from his own thoughts Kylo shrugged, “I can’t really see. You have to come closer darling.” Hux gave Kylo an accusing look, “You said we’d do lessons. I can’t keep putting them off for sex.” “Who said anything about sex?” purred Kylo, “What a naughty thing for you to think.” “I…what was I supposed to think!” snapped Hux, “I’m naked, you're naked, you want me right next to you-” “Actually, my lap would be preferable,” Kylo admitted to himself. “And that makes it completely innocent, doesn’t it,” Hux grumbled to himself. “Well, if anything I suppose you’re the one we have to worry about. So long as I can distract myself and not concentrate on having sex with you, my body won’t react. Humans tend to be a touch more unpredictable,” chided Kylo, “And you might still be in heat.” “I don’t have ‘heats,’ I’m a boy!” snapped Armitage, sounding outraged. “All humans have heats. You get hormonal and needy for sex and go into heat,” said Kylo matter-of-factly. “No, that’s not what that word…never mind. Fine. I have breasts, I go into heat, and I wear pretty dresses. You’re the expert. I’ve only been a male human all my life. What do I know?” grumbled Hux. “Ah, I see you’re finally coming around. He can be taught,” said Kylo teasingly, moving to wrap his arms around Hux and hold his hands over his human’s, “Now show me that water trick. I think I’ve seen humans do it before, but I never learned how.” Hux froze up a little at the contact and didn’t speak for a moment. Kylo kept his hands in place, waiting for the human to give him a sign as to whether he wanted to continue or not. Hux stayed silent and still a little longer before he moved his hands so he was holding Kylo’s, “You put them together and make sure there’s a space between them. No, not like that, it’ll all go out through the bottom of your hands. More like this. Then you have to squeeze them together, hard and fast, that’ll shoot the water out.” It took a few tries with the human holding his hands in place, making sure they were held together properly before Kylo got the hang of it. Of course, with his strength he wound up hitting the bathroom wall, from where he sat in the tub. Kylo gave his human a chaste kiss on the cheek, “Well, that’s one mystery of the universe solved. Why don’t we get back to your reading? You seemed to be doing well with that play, The Minor.” “It helps that the characters talk like real people,” admitted Armitage, shifting in Kylo’s lap before getting out of the tub. He instantly reached for a towel to cover up and winced a little as be moved about, “How long am I going to be sore?” “It varies, but you’re going to feel it for a little while. Does it hurt a lot? Do you need something for the pain?” asked Kylo, getting out of the bath quickly so he could attend his human. He took Armitage by the elbows and asked quietly, “Should I send for a doctor?” “What? No, I can still feel the stretch, that’s all,” said Hux. His eyes widened before he asked “Why would I need a doctor?” “Well, sometimes…muscles can be pulled, and human males can sometimes have problems with their pleasure points. The medical term for it is a prostate, and it’s not unheard for older males to have problems with it. There’s also fatigue, aches and pains from not drinking enough water , we did go for longer than most humans tend to. We may have gone overboard,” admitted Kylo as he frowned sheepishly, “Humans are so much more delicate than my own kind. It seems nearly anything can make you sick. Since…after Bell I must confess I’ve become a bit paranoid about human illnesses. The first thing I did with you once I was able, was check you for any signs of sickness.” “I’m alright, it’s just…it feels strange,” said the boy. He grimaced, “I don’t think I’m going to like sitting down.” “Then just this once I’ll let you recline while you have your lessons,” said Kylo. He retrieved their clothes from where the wraiths had laid them out and picked up Hux’s dress, “Not that I mind. I’ll be able to see this on you more clearly.” Hux sighed and clutched his towel around himself, “At first I thought you were treating me like a doll for dressing up…but you just like dresses, don’t you?” “Men’s clothing doesn’t change as drastically as women’s. It’s quite fascinating,” said Kylo, “And I thought human women liked being given clothes. I never thought anyone might dislike it.” “Well, imagine you were completely at someone else’s mercy and they told you to dress up for them. You don’t know why they’re doing it, so you just assume the worst,” explained Hux, “It’s different when it’s a present and you choose for yourself whether or not you want to wear it.” “Oh…you could wear a different one,” offered Kylo. He recalled the letter and the comment about ‘awful dresses.’ Was that what humans thought? That he dressed up his blood tax from his own perverted desires? Granted he liked seeing them dressed prettily for him, and in Armitage’s case he hoped the dresses might pressure him into obedience. He still wasn’t sure how he felt about a human being his equal. He didn’t want to kill humans, certainly, and he agreed they deserved better, but with their short lives and frailties they hardly seemed his equal. The boy shook his head, “No, that one’s as good as any of the others, and it’s all there is that fits. I’ll put it on.” “That’s a good boy,” said Kylo, passing Hux the dress, “I think it will be perfect on you.” “I’d still like pants better,” sighed the boy. “And I’d still like for humans not to sneak into my house and try to kill me,” said Kylo, pretending to be sweet, “But here we are.” He put on his own clothes and listened to Hux struggle with the dress. Admittedly, the boy had gotten better at putting them on. He didn’t fumble with them quite so much anymore, but he still had no idea how to walk or sit in one. Kylo had no intention of training him to act like a lady, but Hux’s masculine posture clashed so terribly with his clothing that Kylo couldn’t resist doing things like nudging his legs closed or prompting Hux to straighten his back. When he finally turned he caught Hux staring in the mirror. Seeing his expression, pensive and curious, Kylo decided to wait, give the boy a little more time to take himself in. He looked beautiful and something in the boy’s expression told Kylo that he was thinking the same thing. Hux examined the mirror, adjusting the sleeves and running a hand over the bodice and corset, which were still fairly loose on him. The boy parted his lips slightly as he slid a hand over his chest and examined his own face. He had a very pretty face, and a desirable figure, and it seemed that Hux was finally beginning to discover that. Instead of being the boy with all the wrong features, he seemed to be considering the idea that perhaps there might be a possibility that he was a little attractive after all. “You look beautiful,” said Kylo finally, moving behind him, “Shall I lace you up, darling?” “Yes,” said Hux quietly, looking at Kylo briefly before returning to his reflection, now fascinated that Kylo was behind him, but was invisible in the mirror’s reflection. Kylo played with the laces for a moment, holding them up to make it seem as if they were floating, “It’s like there’s a ghost behind you.” “Do ghosts exist?” asked the boy, glancing back at Kylo for a moment. “Some do, but it’s rare. Most humans want to move on when they die. They’re farsighted enough to know that a life of wandering the earth unable to interact with most creatures isn’t the best way to exist,” replied Kylo, “If you ever meet a ghost, usually the first thing they’ll tell you is how much they regret staying in the mortal world.” Kylo laced up the dress before starting on the corset. He made sure not to tie it too tightly, the poor boy would need to breathe, but he did make sure the waist was cinched slightly, giving Hux’s body a soft curve that usually wasn’t there. Hux gasped as the corset was fastened, pausing to slight his hands over the new curve in his waist curiously. Kylo stopped to let him look as the boy examined what the clothing had done to his figure. Hux seemed to like it a lot. “You’re very pretty like that,” Kylo assured him, trying his best to make sure Hux continued to think he was beautiful. He ran his fingers through Hux’s damp hair to arrange it over his shoulders, “Such a lovely boy. This one looks so good on you.” “I don’t mind the colour…” said Hux quietly. It seemed to be all he could bring himself to say on the subject. “I can see why it’s your favorite,” agreed Kylo. He turned Hux and kissed him softly on the lips, “The dark shades compliment your eyes and hair. And this particular blue makes you look like royalty. If you continue to be good I’m going to miss seeing you in dresses.” “It’s better than that pink one. I don’t mind it so much,” Hux repeated, looking down at the dress. “Let’s get you back on track with that lesson. And when we finish, there’s something I’d like you to test, but we’ll have to go outside,” said Kylo. “You’ll bring me outside!?” asked Hux excitedly. “Just in front of the house, and only for a moment,” said Kylo. He was certain by this point that the human wouldn’t run away, but there was something else to worry about now. One or two wraiths were in the process of readying the stable for a potential new and permanent arrival. He wanted the whole thing to be a surprise. And what was more, if he let his silly human into the stable he might never drag him out again. *** Hux had never been restless or eager to finish with a lesson before. His heat occasionally made him fidget a little, but he was very good at keeping himself focused on a single task for hours. It made sense when Kylo thought about it, if the boy was used to driving for several hours at a time, focus must have come naturally to him. For the first time though he seemed like he couldn’t wait to finish with his reading and barely paid attention to his writing practice. When Kylo proposed the idea of starting him on music Hux looked as if he’d just been sentenced to life imprisonment. “But it would be good for you darling. You said you’re good at math, and it’s very good for you. I thought humans loved music,” said Kylo. Hux didn’t seem to have a response. He was always the one badgering Kylo about lessons and being read to, and now there was something he wanted more than a lesson. It seemed Kylo had finally found something with which he could tempt his human to, without fail, take a few hours off of working on his studies. Hux frowned slightly, “Could we try music after we go outside?” “Hm…I’d rather not change up the order, but we could work something out,” said Kylo slyly. He wondered just what he could get the human to agree to with this, “Would you sit in my lap for the whole lesson?” Hux shrugged slightly, “I suppose I could.” “And of course you’ll have to start calling me Sir, during lessons,” said Kylo, “You are in school after all.” “Do I have to?” Hux asked irately. Kylo gave a light cough and looked down at his ‘pupil’ sternly. Hux rolled his eyes, “Do I have to, sir?” “Yes, I think it’s best you do, Master Armitage,” said Kylo. He was fairly certain that was how students were addressed, and it was correct judging by the uncomfortable look Hux gave him. He looked down at the human and grinned, “And you have to ask me nicely. Mind your posture. Show me how civil and polite you can be.” Manners didn’t seem to be Hux’s strong suit. Kylo supposed they wouldn’t have been his either if he was around so few people who were worthy of respect. Hux straightened his back, folded his hands neatly in his lap, made sure his legs were pressed together and looked up at Kylo. He did his best not to grimace as he asked, “Could we go outside, Sir?” Kylo had to admit that he rather liked being called ‘sir.’ Sometimes he would have his humans do it, just as a game in the bedroom. He supposed if he had been a human it would have gotten his blood excited automatically, but as he was, being called sir wasn’t exactly a deterrent. He wondered if Armitage would object if he asked him to address him that way in bed. In the meantime though, he did unfortunately have a correction to make, “May we please…?” There was a flash of annoyance before Hux looked up again and asked, “May we please go outside, sir?” “Since you asked so nicely,” conceded Kylo. The boy was up in a flash, his skirts fluttering behind him as he dashed to the door. Kylo shook his head at the boy’s eagerness. He followed the human as he made his way straight to the front door and looked up at it in anticipation, “I haven’t been outside in days. You won’t burn up?” “It’s evening darling. Our little…distraction this afternoon took some time. It should be very dark out,” assured Kylo, “Do you need a shawl? It’s getting colder.” “I’ll be fine, please, I don’t care if it’s just to stand on the steps,” pleaded Hux. “Alright, alright, we’ll go,” said Kylo, stifling a laugh as he reached for the doors, “And no running. Are we understood?” Hux nodded eagerly and stared at the crack in the doors intently, “How far can I go?” “Just in front of the castle doors, don’t go far, I need you close for this,” said Kylo. Hux nodded again and darted out the door when Kylo opened it. For a moment Kylo felt a spike of fear. This was what he had always worried about. His human trying to run away, and now here he was letting Hux run out the front door. It shouldn’t have bothered him so much. He had taken other humans for little walks or to see the stars, but he was always confident that they would stay close and never try to run away. Hux was much more unpredictable. For example, rolling in a patch of grass in all his finery and rubbing his face against the ground. It was strangely endearing, but incredibly odd. “Stand up darling, I need you to pay attention,” said Kylo, pulling him up by the hand and holding it tightly for fear Hux might try to dash away again. He pulled the charm from his pocket and began to recite the command words in German. Hux watched as a blackness even darker than the starlight night begin to swirl in front of him. He took a step back and clutched Kylo’s hand, “What are you doing?” Kylo couldn’t break the incantation, but he could squeeze the human’s hand to try to reassure him. A Night-Mare was a horse and Hux liked horses, so he hoped this wouldn’t be terribly frightening for him. He held the human still as the Night-Mare began to drift into the waking world. Her hooves came first, pawing the ground as black mist swirled into legs and a body. Her head finally appeared, her nose touched to the talisman that allowed Kylo to summon her. She pulled away to look at Hux. Detecting a human to torment, she moved to shove her nose against his chest to push him back. Hux stepped back as much as he could and called out, “No!” And the Night-Mare stepped back. Kylo stared at it. If his blood could slow in his veins it might have. He knew he could detect magic and Armitage hadn’t done anything close to magic. It was like the boy had said. He gave the horse a command, and it obeyed him, but it wasn’t magic. He ought to have noticed something, a scent, some very brief spark in the boy’s eyes, but there was nothing. He said a command and a horse, a Night-Mare, no less, obeyed him. “Tell her to do something else,” said Kylo. Hux glanced over at Kylo before looking at the horse. Squaring his shoulders he looked the Night-Mare in the eyes and said, “Take two steps back.” The Night-Mare obeyed, completely fixated on the human. She had a look in her eyes that Kylo had never seen before. She looked on him adoringly. That wasn’t how Wild Magic worked at all. It allowed a human to speak with an animal, converse with them, it wasn’t supposed to do anything to the animal or change their behaviour. It wasn’t supposed to make the animal completely obedient. Hux took a step forward and pressed his free hand to the Night-Mare’s nose. She greeted him like an old friend, nuzzling against him and pressing close. Hux stroked her neck and looked back at Kylo, “She’s friendly. What is she?” “Have you ever had a bad dream?” asked Kylo. Hux nodded slightly and Kylo finished, “Then something like her was likely the cause. She’s a Night-Mare. They move unseen through the world and paw at human’s chests to give them bad dreams. They do it to sustain themselves, but I suspect this one also enjoys it.” “She’s gorgeous…” said Hux quietly, “Why didn’t you tell me you had a horse?” “I didn’t know how you would react to her,” said Kylo, letting go of Hux’s hand and watching them, “Darling you’re…quite certain you’re human?” “If the French soldier who fathered me had been anything less than human someone would have mentioned it by now,” replied Hux staunchly, “And someone certainly would have noticed if there was something different with my mother.” It would be nearly impossible to find a soldier all the way over in France, if he was still in France, and question him about his pedigree. Families however, could be traced. The name Hux was distinct enough though, and Armitage mentioned that he might have some Irish or English heritage. Perhaps he might have just a few drops of blood from something else. It was that or Hux had a completely new and undocumented sort of magic working through him. It wasn’t unusual for things to adapt and evolve over time. Perhaps command over another species gave human magic-user’s the new defences they needed to survive and thrive. It might also explain the detectability of it. Witches had a difficult time hiding, so if they could mask the scent of their magic, it gave them an advantage. Whatever was happening, the boy wasn’t completely human, not in the way Hux had thought he was. The boy didn’t seem terribly concerned though. He was looking the horse over, carefully looking at her teeth and then her hooves before petting her. He looked at Kylo, “Does she have a name?” “If she does, she hasn’t told me. She’s not like the horses you’re used to, she’s proud and doesn’t like nicknames,” warned Kylo. He shrugged, “I call her a naughty horse a lot.” The horse followed the boy when he stepped away. She had never been so friendly with Kylo. Her initial obedience had faded away and she returned to her insistent nudging, trying to get the boy to continue stroking her neck and face. Hux looked over at him, “Do you have a brush?” There was one in the stable, but he wasn’t about to give away his surprise. He shrugged, “Not with me, no.” “Then no wonder she’s a naughty horse,” said Hux as the Night-Mare rested her head on his shoulder. Chapter 21 Notes: This is basically an 'I'm not dead' update. I have a lot going on, just moved across the world, starting a new job, so unfortunately there probably won't be an update next week. The week after though I should be ready and able to get back to weekly updating shenanigans. Sorry for leaving you guys hanging for a month. Kylo had never tutored a human before, not like this. He had sometimes given the less privileged ones drawing or music lessons, but none of his humans had never expressed an interest in education. With only two years left to live, perhaps it wasn’t something they thought would be of much use. Kylo had no idea if humans usually accelerated intellectually at the rate Armitage did. The boy had a sharp mind and could retain most information he heard without it needing repeating. He already had most of the periodic elements memorized, as well as a few useful combinations of chemicals. The boy mentioned being good at math, and while his writing was poor, he was exceptionally good at sums. While he gave most of his energy to history and politics, Kylo felt math was still the boy’s strongest subject. He might have had a knack for engineering as well, if his homemade ballista was any indication. “Darling…why did you build that?” asked Kylo, pointing to the miniature siege engine on his dining room table. “I was bored between lessons. I thought if I read another word my head would fall off. So I thought I’d try this,” said Armitage. “How did you build that?” said Kylo, who was fairly certain the sling on the device had been fashioned from one of his socks. “Just with odds and ends,” said Hux. He looked across the room, “I can get a good twenty feet out of it.” Kylo looked at where multiple pen nibs and miscellanea had been launched. He shook his head, “I’m going to find you a less destructive hobby. No ballistae in the house, even table top ones…there’s something I never thought I’d tell a human…” Hux frowned and looked at his little machine. Making it must have taken hours, possibly over the course of a few days. He looked up at Kylo and seemed uncertain about something as he moved a hand over it. The poor thing looked just like a child who had been threatened with having his new toy taken away. Kylo sighed, “You can keep it, but you can’t use it here.” Hux smiled sheepishly and took his little project into his arms. It had been a few days since they had sex, and while the boy hadn’t asked about it again, he seemed much more at ease with the touches Kylo wanted to give him. He also seemed much more comfortable with asking for favours or permission. Hux never seemed to have trouble speaking his mind before, but now the piece of his mind he gave Kylo was much more open and personal. He could eat cheese, but didn’t really like it. He liked darker blues better than light ones. The reason he didn’t like pink was because it looked strange next to his hair. He thought Ivan was an idiot and really couldn’t understand why he was attracted to the other coach driver at all, he just was. And of course whenever horses came up in conversation, Hux lost all ability to stay quiet and reserved. “But you can’t keep launching things at my walls whenever you feel bored. Come on, this afternoon we have music lessons,” said Kylo. The boy nodded and sniffled. He didn’t seem sad, but he was sniffling a little bit. Kylo moved in a little closer and looked him over, “Are you alright, dearest? How’s your nose?” “It’s fine,” said Armitage, wiping his nose with the back of his wrist. “No, no, let me look for a moment,” said Kylo, placing his hands under the boy’s jaws, “Have you been coughing?” “A little, I think it’s just a scratch in my throat,” said Hux. “Open your mouth,” said Kylo. Hux seemed sceptical, but obeyed, letting Kylo look inside. The vampire looked over his human, “I think you’re coming down with a cold.” “It’s the right time of year for it and…” Hux trailed off. “And what?” asked Kylo. “Don’t you find it a little damp in here? And cold? I also haven’t been wearing shoes since I burned one of mine while stoking the fire,” said Armitage. Kylo looked over his little human with wide eyes. This time of year always snuck up on him, and since he wasn’t as acute to the change in temperature as he used to be, he always forgot that his humans needed more warmth and dryness this time of year. And his poor little human going so long without shoes was inexcusable. He’d been so wrapped up in dressing his human prettily that Kylo forgot to dress him for practicality. Kylo pulled the human against him, “I’m sorry darling…” “It’s…fine,” said the boy, once again sounding uncertain. It seemed he still wasn’t used to apologies, “It’s just a little cold. I can still do my lessons.” “Nonsense, I’m calling for a doctor,” said Kylo firmly. “I don’t need a doctor, I’ve only got a cold,” protested Hux. “My house, my rules, my dearest,” said Kylo firmly, “I’m going to get you a doctor. The piano will still be there after you’ve been examined. Now go lie in bed.” “It’s only a cold!” said Armitage, looking and sounding exasperated. “Go lie in bed and bundle up, I’ll have the wraiths keep a warm fire for you and prepare a hot pan of coals to put under the mattress,” said Kylo, flitting about as he tried to remember how to treat a human’s cold, “Brandy? No, that’s for shock…Water, that’s it, I’ll make sure you get plenty of water and tea. And get you lots of handkerchiefs for your nose. I don’t know if I have any peppermint…” Hux arched his brow, “I’ve had colds before you know. They aren’t fatal.” “What was I thinking, telling you to walk in such a weakened state!? Come here darling, I’ll tuck you in,” said Kylo, very close to losing his composure as he gathered up the slender human in his arms, “Just hold on while I get you a doctor.” The boy let out a yelp at being suddenly lifted, and a cough that worried Kylo beyond measure. He never used to mind colds, having treated multiple humans with them in the past. After Bell though, he didn’t want to take any chances. That had started as a little cough, something they both thought was a cold that just wouldn’t let up, but then it turned into something much more serious than that. Kylo wasn’t going to lose another human like that. If he was wrong, he might feel a little silly for his overreaction, but if he was right, then they needed to catch this as early as possible. Kylo gently placed his human on the bed and arranged the blankets around him. He stroked the boy’s cheek and kissed his forehead to check for a fever, “There, there darling. I’ll go to the nearest town and fetch a doctor.” “You do know what colds are, don’t you?” asked Hux uncertainly. He cringes slightly as wraiths began placing items around him. Handkerchiefs, a hot cup of tea on his night table, a pan of coals in the bed, and a cool, wet cloth across his brow. Hux looked at everything, “It’s…just a cold…I’m not going to die…” He finally looked at Kylo in confusion. Kylo wondered if anyone had ever cared for the boy when he was ill before. If he was too sick to go to school or run away or play with his little friend, than Hux would have been forced to stay with his step-father. And later, when he lived alone, the boy didn’t sound like he would have had many people see him at his apartment. The constable said his furniture was shoddy and Hux was prone to pinching pennies, and that other coachman had said Armitage’s lifestyle was solitary to the point of eeriness. He probably never had company when he was sick before, let alone a nurse. “I know they frighten you, but if you need anything I’ll let you have command over the wraiths,” said Kylo, stroking Hux’s hair back. He didn’t feel like he had a fever, but humans were so much warmer than he was, it was difficult to tell. “Now, lie still, be good and I’ll be back shortly,” promised Kylo. “What about lessons?” asked Hux. “You can read by yourself for now, but we need to get this sorted first. You won’t be able to study if your condition gets worse,” said Kylo, getting up and moving towards the door. He would need his robes to go out in the sun. The closest town wasn’t Hux’s, there was a smaller village close by. The doctor who had seen Bell lived there. Kylo knew a good deal about human bodies and their functions, but he hadn’t kept up to date on the latest treatments and medicines. Unless one of his humans took ill it wasn’t something he needed to worry about. Human doctors tended to be more on top of things though. “I don’t need a doctor,” Hux repeated. “My house, my rules, I’m getting you a doctor,” Kylo repeated more staunchly. *** The doctor was no stranger to the castle, having been there frequently just a few short months earlier. He was a bit more at ease than other humans who had come, having spent time with Kylo when he was at his most concerned for the wellbeing of his humans. In fact, he was comfortable enough to be annoyed that Kylo had called on him over something like a little cold. The human, who was older than the constable from the look of him, perhaps only having a few decades left, was white haired, heavier set with thick glasses. The glasses, if Kylo recalled, were fairly recent, and were only used to see things close up. It made him wonder how Hux would look when he became older. It was hard to imagine his human with white hair or wrinkling skin. The doctor shook his head slightly as he mounted the stairs, insisting on carrying his bag up, “So how long has the young man been ill?” “His symptoms only made themselves apparent today,” replied Kylo. He moved quickly, nervously, “I didn’t listen for it particularly, but I couldn’t hear any rasping or liquid in his lungs.” “Lord Ren, consumption is an urban disease, caused by that filthy air in the cities. For it to happen here in the country is much more rare. I’m sure the young man is fine,” said the doctor. “He’s not fine, he’s sick,” muttered Kylo stubbornly. He went on ahead to make sure his human was awake. He found the boy in bed, looking much worse than before. Hux had the book open on his stomach but had his head lolled to the side, not really awake or asleep. He looked up at Kylo and propped himself up a little. His movements were slow and sluggish, and he moved as though his head was much heavier than it really was. He kept his eyes on Kylo, but seemed too sick to do anything more than look around. Even more strangely, he didn’t seem bothered by the wraith beside his bed, staring up at him the way it had done before. But something was wrong. The wraith seemed different. It’s features were more defined, larger, and masculine. It wasn’t quite as thin as it had been before. Hux pointed to the wraith and spoke in a raspy voice, “I named him Kostya and he won’t go away.” Hux had…named it? Kylo had been hoping he might recall their names one day and had refrained from calling them anything other than ‘wraiths.’ He’d never heard of anyone trying to give a wraith a new identity. Armitage hadn’t sounded like he had meant to, it was just something he had done out of boredom. Kylo looked at the wraith, or ‘Kostya,’ as Hux had named it. Obviously Hux hadn’t given the wraith enough information to form a complete identity, and more strangely he had no idea that it was possible to give a wraith a new identity. He wasn’t sure what he thought about it… “Leave,” Kylo told the wraith. It looked up at him, its head tilting slightly before staring at Hux again for a moment. It began to back away, but it was slow and hesitant. It didn’t seem to want to leave, but it wasn’t supposed to want. It should have lost all traces of its former humanity. Kylo hadn’t been happy about it, but he had been hoping for a chance to restore their former identities to them, somehow. Either the wraith was remembering or it was reinventing itself. It finally disappeared into the shadows. Hux looked up at the doctor as he walked in, looking at the shadow the wraith had melted into. He shook his head, “I never liked those things.” “Kostya,” Hux corrected lucidly. The doctor looked down at the boy and tilted his head slightly, “Gracious you look awful. How long have you been feeling under the weather.” “Since last night…” said Hux quietly, tucking the blanket under his chin. “You didn’t say anything,” said Kylo accusingly. He looked Hux over. It had only been a cold when Kylo had left, and Hux looked much, much worse now. He had seen humans with colds before, and Kylo always thought they took a day or so before they worsened. “I just thought it was a headache,” said Hux. “I’m going to need that blanket out of the way,” said the doctor. He looked over at Kylo, “And don’t just stand there, go get a chair.” Kylo recalled the first few times he had called on this doctor, how the man had stuttered and stammered as he asked if it was quite possible and convenient if he might be able to use a chair during the examination. Now he was so familiar with Kylo that he had no trouble ordering him around. Doctors were one of few groups of humans that Kylo didn’t mind deferring to. They had knowledge and a skill he didn’t possess, so he needed to respect their judgement, but he didn’t have to take their moodiness. Kylo retrieved a chair and held it up, “May I use the chair please, my lord?” The doctor sighed and shook his head, “I see you’re still the same.” He paused before relenting, “May I use the chair please, my lord?” “Certainly,” said Kylo, setting the chair close to the bed. He leaned over Hux, who was still clinging to the blankets, “Let them go dearest, he needs to look at you so you can get better.” “No…” protested Hux weakly, clinging to the blankets. “Darling, let them go. He needs to look,” repeated Kylo, prying Hux’s fingers away. “No, don’t…” pleaded Hux as Kylo pulled the blankets back. Kylo pulled the blanket away and suddenly realized why Hux must have been so worried. He was still wearing his gown, the pink one, and the low collar showed some traces of bruising from all the rough kissing during their last love-making session. The doctor seemed to recognize them immediately, once he was able to tear his eyes away from the sight of the boy in the dress. He looked down, his brow arching high as Hux covered his face with his hands and let out a sound that was somewhere between a groan or a whimper. The doctor looked over at Kylo, “You said you had a boy…” “He is a boy,” said Kylo. The doctor looked down again, “…I’m not going to ask.” He sat down in the chair and gripped the sides, sliding in closer to the bed. The doctor took one of Hux’s wrists and stared at his watch, timing the boy’s heart to the seconds that ticked by. Next he reached into his bag and retrieved something that looked a little like an ear trumpet for a deaf person, but the tube was strange, flexible. He looked down at Hux, “Can you unlace yourself or do you need assistance?” Hux shook his head and resumed covering his face. Kylo sighed and moved to the other side of the bed, looking over the machine and helping Hux to sit up while he pulled at the laces on the bodice. Kylo watched the doctor ready his device, “What is that?” “A new stethoscope. The one I used before had a solid tube. I can more this one a little more easily…” the doctor trailed off as Kylo helped Hux out of the bodice, revealing more intimate bruising, especially around his chest. Hux leaned against Kylo’s chest, “You’re sure you’re not punishing me?” “I need you to be quite for a moment. Take some deep breaths for me, in first,” instructed the doctor, placing a wide metal piece to Hux’s chest, listening to the organs carefully. Kylo watched the proceedings, the doctor listening to Hux’s chest and back, then using his instruments to examine the boy’s eyes, ears and mouth. He watched the doctor move his hands over Hux’s throat, “He’s very badly congested and there’s a slight fever but his lungs are clear. If he gets plenty of rest, warm drinks, and fruits, he’ll be good as new in a few days. Fresh air wouldn’t hurt him either.” “So he’s alright?” said Kylo. “He is. But he’ll keep getting sick if you let him keep wandering about in summer weight dresses. This castle can be very damp as well. He needs to be kept warm and dry, and I know you have a room where he can get a little sunlight,” said the doctor. Kylo breathed a sigh of relief and nodded. He was glad that Hux wasn’t in any sort of danger. He helped his human dress himself again, lacing Hux up before handing him the blankets to cover himself up again. He tucked the human back into bed moved the boy’s hair away from his face. The human looked so listless as he lay in bed and Kylo wanted nothing more than to take the illness away somehow. He looked at the doctor, “Is there any medicine I can give him?” “It’s a cold, and a small fever. The best thing to do is make sure he has plenty of fluids. Hot baths can’t hurt either. Do you remember which foods are good for a human’s throat?” asked the doctor. Kylo tried to remember. Humans ate so many different things and they all had different effects on their bodies. He looked at his own fingers as he tried to count them out, “Mint…honey, lemon…” “Chicken broth. And if his throat is sore, have him gargle a little salt water. And for goodness sakes, don’t make him swallow it this time,” warned the doctor. “That was only once, and it was an accident…” mumbled Kylo, “I was trying to help. All you said was, ‘give her salt water.’” Which human had that been? The one who couldn’t have milk…Katya. That was what Hux had called her. She’d had a sore throat that wasn’t going away so Kylo had called a doctor. He knew humans didn’t like the taste of salt water, but he hadn’t known that drinking it would make them start retching. They ate and drank so many other things that contained salt and water that he hadn’t thought drinking it would make them sick. Katya, who had likely never seen an ocean in her life, hadn’t known either. So when Kylo told her the doctor wanted her to drink it down, she did, only hesitating when she found she disliked the taste and then… “I also wouldn’t bleed him, if it can be helped,” said the doctor, “If it has to be done, he would survive it, but if you want a faster recovery, I would hold off.” Kylo nodded. He could last a few months without feeling at full strength. He wasn’t expecting an invasion, or any sort of threat, but it was never good to be ill-prepared. If something came, he would have to be ready to fight. He stroked his human’s hair as Hux settled into bed. Looking up at the doctor, Kylo asked, “How long will he be like this.” “As I said, about a week. Some symptoms might stay longer, but the worst will be behind him in a few days,” explained the doctor. Kylo could sense him watching. Despite seeing him with his humans, the doctor always seemed uneasy whenever he was so tender with them. Kylo was beginning to understand it. Before he thought it was simply humans being their usual selves, distrusting, ignorant, unable to comprehend him. Now he saw, to an outsider, what he was doing would make no sense. Armitage only had a few years to live, and if the law didn’t change and was carried out, he would die by Kylo’s hand. To see a killer so fond of their intended victim must have been a more than confusing sight. Kylo sighed as Hux drifted off again. He didn’t seem to be sleeping, but he really wasn’t alert enough to be awake either. The doctor asked quietly, “So you’ve taken to boys, have you?” “It’s nobody’s business,” said Kylo, recalling the way the boy had responded when Kylo asked about his preferences. The doctor began replacing his instruments in the bag, “It is our business if you’re going to start taking young men and young women, regardless of circumstances.” “He took the place of the young lady who was sent…” said Kylo, recalling their first real meeting in the hall. How he had thought of nothing but what a pretty pet Hux might be when he was tamed and how furious he was when Hux wouldn’t immediately fall in line and become timid and sweet for him. How he had convinced himself the boy was going to be a little moody and emotional for a few days, but in time he would be a good, obedient human and give Kylo whatever he wanted. Kylo supposed he’d gotten that. Hux had given himself, he chose to stay. That ought to have been the end of everything. That had always been the end of it with the others. It wasn’t to say that his relationship with the others had been shallow, or that they hadn’t needed maintaining, or there were never misunderstandings or problems. But when they started to make love, that felt like the end, a sort of happily ever after. It was how they all enjoyed treating it. Perhaps it was the only way to have a happy ending. But with Hux, it felt like, for once, there was a chance to have something beyond a quiet attempt at domestic life. The doctor didn’t seem to understand that either. When humans found a mate, they tried to maintain that connection for life. It didn’t always work out that way, but humans presented the ideal pair of mates as a male and female who mated for life. With that in mind, Kylo must seem to spit in the face of that idea, falling in love and mating with most of his humans, and now taking a boy as a lover. It was no wonder Hux was so confused by Kylo with this idea of what love ought to look like always being presented to him. Hmans could be such odd creatures… “He’s a good human, I’m very fond of him,” said Kylo, continuing to stroke the boy’s hair. “We buried Miss Petrovna with the others,” said the doctor, spite managing to lace its way through his tone, “And planted bluebells on her plot, as requested.” Kylo’s hand stilled. When blood tax began they return the bodies, to serve as a warning. That what happened to their daughters would happen to all of them if they ever tried to rise again. Humans seemed to care a great deal about the remains of their dead. Vampires, turning to dust when they died, never had much use for burials, though some kept the ashes of fallen vampires in urns or tried to spread them over a place that vampire had loved when they were alive. Humans on the other hand took their burials to extremes. The bodies were ritually prepared, there were observances so other humans could see the body, and then, after the departed human was sealed inside their casket, a service was offered, and then the human’s body would be committed to the ground. If they had surviving friends or relatives, it was customary to plant flowers over their graves. The problem was, the ground was consecrated, sacred, Kylo was incapable of setting foot in a graveyard. He’d never been able to tend his human’s graves after they died. He had to rely on others to do that for him. “Thank you…” said Kylo quietly, “And the others? Do their families bring them flowers?” “When they can,” said the doctor curtly. He looked down at Hux, his brow furrowing, “I don’t understand you or your ways, but you’re not unkind to him. Make sure he rests and he’ll recover.” “Get some sleep darling,” said Kylo, leaning down to kiss the boy’s cheek. Hux responded by mumbling listlessly, “Where’s Kostya?” “In the walls, I expect,” assured Kylo. “I thought he looked like old Father Konstantin…” mumbled Hux, closing his eyes again and settling against the pillow, “We all called him Kostya…” “Rest now,” said Kylo, settling the blankets over him. Kylo didn’t really want to leave him alone, but humans didn’t like feeling cold when they had a fever, and Kylo knew lying against his human would make him chilly. The vampire figured he would see the doctor out before doing anything else. He followed the doctor back through the hall and down the stairs. He could tell the man had something on his mind, something judgemental, and Kylo didn’t like it. Humans, for whatever reason, disliked it when two males or two females mated. They also disliked it if humans mated too soon after a former mate had died. Kylo could only guess what the doctor was thinking. “Thank you for coming,” Kylo said anyways, “I’m having a wraith retrieve your fee.” The doctor nodded and muttered a quick thank you. The situation clearly made him uncomfortable. Though whether it was due to the sexual deviance, so many deaths or Kylo’s seeming nonchalance to both, the vampire couldn’t say for certain. Kylo wanted to ask what it was, but he knew the human wouldn’t answer. So far the constable and Hux were the only ones who had the nerve to tell him things he didn’t like hearing. If he asked, the doctor would likely make an excuse for what had put him out of sorts. “He’s a good boy, and he’s been mistreated terribly. I’m trying to do something good for him,” continued Kylo. “If you want to do something good for him, a warm pair of trousers would likely be appreciated,” said the doctor, sounding like he was struggling not to be sharp, “I can’t stop you from making him wear dresses, but at least get him something winter weight. He’s going to catch his death if he keeps going about like that.” “I hadn’t noticed the cold coming on,” admitted Kylo. He added, “I am trying to care for him.” The doctor nodded and was stopped by a wraith. A pair of long, thin arms held out a small stack of coins and paper notes. The man started, his breath catching before he took the money with a shaking hand. Kylo saw the man to the door. The day was overcast, not very sunny, but he still took to his usual corner in the shadows, “Thank you for coming.” The doctor nodded again, muttering his own thanks that Kylo would come to him. He wondered if the doctor would have come if Kylo was a human. The doctor did his job, but he was obviously uncomfortable with the circumstances. He was starting to understand how Hux would constantly feel vulnerable, even among other humans. They seemed to want to close ranks when a member of their pack failed to conform, and one wrong preference, wrong feature, or wrong bloodline could isolate a human from something as basic as medical attention. Kylo was different. He was powerful enough that humans had to obey him, whether they liked him or not. But if he had been a human, he wondered if the doctor would have come with him, a killer and a deviant. The doctor opened the door and paused he turned back and looked at Kylo, “Were you expecting company my Lord?” Kylo arched his brow, “Not that I recall.” “Greetings my lord!” A voice sang out and the doctor stepped out of the way so he wouldn’t be barreled over by the man who strode into the room. The first impression Kylo got from him was that he was arrogant. He walked into the castle, uninvited, as if he owned the place. He flashed a grin and his dark eyes sparkled with the promise of mischief. He took off his hat and gave a bow, his long, loose scarf skirting the ground as he did so. He looked up at Kylo, “I’ve come to bargain with you.” “Is that so?” said Kylo, arching his brow. He looked at the doctor, “You’re excused. I think it’s best if you put some distance between yourself and this place.” The doctor nodded and evaded another man who stepped past the threshold. Kylo immediately recognized Finn. Kylo’s eyes widened immediately at the scent of the bailiff. Finn must have had some contact with him to have the bailiff’s scent all over him. Kylo looked at the dark haired man in front of him. He scanned over him for weapons as he sent out a thought for a wraith to fetch his broadsword. His eyes narrowed, “What’s going on here?” “You have something we need, and we have something you want, so I thought you might be open to trading,” said the man. His dark eyes flashed to the side and he stretched out a hand. The wraith, sword in hand, was compelled out of the wall, its body writhing and thrashing as it silently struggled against a force, like an invisible rope around its waist, that kept it from returning to the shadows. “Oh?” asked Kylo, baring his fangs. “My friend Finn here tells me that there is a man who’s of some interest to you. We’ll tell you all you need to know and in exchange, you let us stay here a while,” said the man, clearly a witch, flashing a smile. Kylo grinned through his teeth, “I see, you’re a Puppet-Master. If you think you can come into my home and intimidate me, you’re sorely mistaken. And as for you, wolf, I happen to know Phasma doesn’t take kindly to traitors. I’m tempted to keep you alive just to see what she’ll do with you.” “Now, let’s not be hasty,” said the man, putting his hands up in front of him. With a wave of his fingers the wraith disappeared back into the shadows. The wraith who had been changing, ‘Kostya’ emerged, perching itself on the stairs, blocking the way to the upper level of the house. Kylo had been thinking about Hux, but he had not thought to place a wraith at his door to defend him. Kostya sat and watched with its eyeless face. Poe looked over at it, then back to Kylo, “I’m not interested in causing any harm to you or your home.” “You’ve an odd way of showing it,” said Kylo, moving closer. He sniffed at the air and caught the stench of arrogance and the light, fleeting scent of magic in the air. He’d seen this sort of witch, ‘Puppet-Masters’ before. They could control things with their minds and with gestures, creating invisible strings to manipulate objects. Being slightly more acute to magic than humans were, Kylo could catch a glimpse of the strings, if he squinted. It also didn’t take much to snap the strings, provided there weren’t too many. “We’re but simple travellers, refugees, seeking some shelter, and thought the benevolent local lord might take pity and lodge us for the night. Not for free of course. We hope we brought ample compensation,” replied the man. Kylo glared at Finn, “You’re running away from Phasma.” “I’m running away from Phasma,” admitted Finn, eyes averted and nodding sheepishly. “And why, pray tell, do you think I want to endanger relations with the leader of my mercenaries?” asked Kylo, “If she catches your scent here, there’ll be more trouble than the toad you’ve been tracking is worth.” “Ah, but haven’t you noticed?” asked Poe, “If my lord wouldn’t mind sampling the air once more, I believe he will be most impressed.” Kylo smelled the air. Now that the Puppet-Master mentioned it, he couldn’t smell the wolf at all. He took a step closer as the witch pulled a vial from an inner coat pocket, “In addition to my powers, I’m good with potions. A sip of this and within a few minutes, you stop producing a scent.” “You’re Poe Dameron, aren’t you?” asked Kylo. Finn blanched slightly. Poe grinned, “Ah, so my reputation precedes me.” “It does. I happened to hear your wolf instructing my human to call upon you if he wished to leave me. I can’t say I approve of that,” said Kylo. Poe’s arrogant airs faltered for a moment. He continued, trying to change the subject, “So you have a human living here as well. I’m sure she’s charming.” “ He’s indisposed at the moment,” said Kylo forcefully, “So you want to exchange information regarding a certain human for lodgings. What if I were to simply find him myself and turn both of you out? I don’t take kindly to strange men barging into my home.” “I understand that, and I can appreciate it. You drive a hard bargain my lord, and because, you’re right, I was very rude, I’ll add in my own unique services to the aforementioned compensation. For the duration of my stay I would be at my lord’s disposal. I’m a very useful individual. I have my craft, potion making, coach driving, I’m told I’m a very good driver. I can also conjure, and I know a few weather spells, always good with the cold setting in if you want a few more warm weeks. You also mentioned that a charming young man lives here as well. Perhaps I can brew a few potions for the two of you to…enjoy, together?” suggested Poe. Kylo arched his brow, “Do you have a cure for a common cold and fevers?” That clearly wasn’t what Poe had been expecting to hear. After a second’s hesitation he continued with his full bravado, “Nobody has a cure for colds I’m afraid, but I can put together a fever reducer. Better than any non-magic medication. I can also brew up something for his symptoms.” Kylo crossed his arms over his chest, “A pity you weren’t here half a day earlier. I could have spared myself running to get a doctor.” “So, you’ll agree, my lord?” asked Poe. “I will, if you can answer one question for me,” said Kylo, “Do you know why I’m after this human” “No…” said Poe, “But the look he was giving one of the serving boys at the tavern was kind of enough to tell me that he’s not a particularly nice man. You have a fine castle. I assume there’s a dungeon.” There was, but Kylo wasn’t going to make any use of it. That was something that neither the wolf nor the witch needed to know about though. It might complicate things, especially if one or both of them had a conscience. It was best to let them think he was just going to keep the man locked up or sent to jail. Things would be neater that way. “Yes. Allow me to show you where you may take some rest,” said Kylo, gesturing down the hall, “And as for the wolf…how long until Phasma starts seriously looking for you?” “Not long,” admitted Finn, “I told her I was taking a few hours of leave to see an old friend. I’m sure she’ll come looking when I’m not back tonight.” “Where does your scent leave off? And more importantly, how do you two plan to leave my home undetected?” asked Kylo. “We’re going to cross the border. I’m a simple traveler, you see. I trade my services and skills in exchange for room and board while I gallivant around the globe. Finn here will be in a special trunk of my own designing. To others, it will appear to be a crate to transport my wares, and with no scent, the wolves at your border won’t be able to detect him,” explained Poe. “You know, you aren’t the first one to think of a crate with a false bottom. What if it’s inspected? If you’re caught and can be traced back to me, there will be trouble,” said Kylo. “Phasma isn’t as smart as she likes to think she is,” said Finn, “I know that, you know that, and I would have thought you would have wanted an opportunity to show her up like this. Some sort of failing to hold over her when she gets smug.” Kylo looked the two over, “Your arrogance disgusts me, but it seems you both have your uses. Two days. No more, no less. I’ll write you a passport to leave my territory. That way you shouldn’t be searched.” “My lord is more than generous for-” Poe began. “And if either of you ever set foot in my house again after that, I will unleash every form of torture I learned during the twelfth century upon your miserable persons,” assured Kylo. “…fair enough…” said Poe, only slightly nervous. “Good. Pantry’s that way. If your potions don’t work I’m throwing you both out,” said Kylo. He looked at Finn, “And if you attempt to remove my human from this place, there will be consequences.” “What? Me? Break someone out of a place? I don’t do that! No, not me. Nope…” said Poe, quickly before trailing off. After the painful silence of a moment that felt stretched too long, he added, “So…who leaves the room first? I leave first, you leave first?” Kylo looked over at Finn, “Your witch is a horrible liar. You might want to get that under control at some point.” Chapter 22 Summary: Aaaaand I'm all moved in! Still getting a sense of my workload. I work full time at a resort now, and I live on site, so we'll see how much time I get for writing. For now, I'm going to aim for weekly updates. If I deviate from this at all, there will be a notice either on my tumblr (which has been giving me a bit of trouble lately with uploading images) or twitter. You can find me on either by looking for Anorlost. Finn explained the details of his tracking. The bailiff wasn’t a creature of habit it seemed. The man worked as an officer in several courts throughout the territory, which Kylo supposed he ought to have expected, given Hux’s description of their encounters. He supposed if he wanted to catch the bailiff on the road, he would have to figure out which courts he would be working with and when he would be travelling. There only seemed to be two things he made a habit of doing. During the day he frequented the tobacconist who, according to Finn, had a son who would be coming of age in a few years. If he did go somewhere to eat, he would go to a tavern that was far beneath him in terms of class, and there was also a boy there who was paid to clear away tables and wash the dishes and cutlery. Apparently Kylo hadn’t been the only one intent on doing a little stalking. “It was clear why he was going there. I’m surprised none of the humans have noticed,” said Finn, shaking his head, “On the days when those two weren’t at those places, he would stay for a little time, just enough to throw everyone off I guess. But when those two were in, he stayed longer.” “Humans are predatory animals. Sometimes it’s difficult for hunters to realize that they’re being hunted themselves. Especially in their own territory,” noted Kylo. He supposed outside of an occasional visit from their vampire lord or mercenary wolves, humans didn’t live with anything with an interest in hunting them. They likely dropped their guards within the towns. They placed such a high value on human comradery that they must have been reluctant to begin suspecting each other of behaviours that they associated with ‘monsters.’ Kylo sighed, “We also have the advantage of being able to smell many of the things they feel, arousal and distress especially. Sometimes it can be hard for humans to detect those things. Juvenile males might be young creatures, but they’re quite well-practiced in masking their feelings from each other. Have you heard of the little Spartan boy?” Finn shook his head and Kylo continued, “There was once a little Spartan boy who stole a fox kit. Trying to hide the evidence of his crime, the boy stuffed the fox up his shirt. When others began to question him, he kept denying that he stole the fox. Suddenly, the boy died on the spot. When his shirt was lifted, they discovered that the kit had burrowed into his stomach and devoured his innards.” Kylo gave a shrug, “Now, naturally there are plenty of errors in this story. How could nobody notice the blood? Shouldn’t they have been able to hear the kit or see it moving? The point is, the ability to hide pain is a trait that humans find admirable. If the boys he’s watching are distressed, they’ll try not to show it because they’ve been taught that staying silent is a sign of strength. They’ll keep quiet and nothing will be done about it.” Hux had tried to do something about it though. Not out loud, not in public, but he had consulted with a few close companions and his constable friend. One of them had talked, obviously, bringing nasty rumours out of their good intentions. The whole thing probably only served as a deterrent to anyone else who dared speak out. If it only made Hux more of an oddity and outcast than he already was, than why should anyone else talk? “You understand why I want to find this human,” said Kylo. Finn glanced at the door, as if expecting to see Hux there, “Is that why he wants to stay? You agreed to fight for him?” “Not a bad guess,” said Kylo with a slight laugh. Finn had the conclusion nicely worked out, even though the details were all wrong. “Are you going to kill him? I thought vampires were only supposed to kill one human every two years,” asked Poe. “For blood tax, yes. We can, if we so choose, personally execute traitors and criminals. Humans do tend to get a bit riled up when that happens though, even if the guilty party is tried and convicted by one of their own. I suppose it’s the symbolism of the act that gets them going,” replied the vampire with a shrug, “It doesn’t matter if the person in question was a heinous wretch, if it’s a vampire killing a human in public, humans tend to close ranks until they realize the truth of things.” “So, we tell you where this guy is, and you’re going to kill him?” asked Poe, the playfulness he had displayed during his entrance now long gone. “He stalks young men until they’re grown, takes advantage of them, and then defames them if they try to talk,” said Kylo, “I say he’s bad seed that needs culling.” “I’m not trying to say he isn’t disgusting. But do you really think it’s right to kill him without a trial like that?” asked Poe. Kylo gestured at the witch, “This is precisely what I mean. Humans close ranks every single time.” “It’s not closing ranks, my lord ,” said Poe, putting emphasis on Kylo’s title, “What would your subjects think if they discovered that you murdered one of their lawmen, someone I assume was on your payroll, in cold blood. If anything will make your subjects close ranks, it’s that. I’m not saying he doesn’t have it coming, I’m saying there should be a trial first.” “I’ve had a thousand years to study how the world works. You ought to stick to your craft and leave me to mine,” said Kylo curtly, “I’ve been running this territory for longer than you’ve been alive. I know what I should and shouldn’t be doing.” “I’ll be blunt my lord, I don’t like being an accessory to murder. If you hand him over to authorities and they decide he ought to die, that’s one thing. But I didn’t come here expecting to get blood on my hands,” said Poe. “You humans are so sensitive about death,” scoffed Kylo, “Even the deaths of murderers, perverts and thieves gets you weepy.” “I’m not weeping,” Poe pointed out bluntly, “I’ve just got a strict no-kill policy…at least if it can be helped” “So, you leave people like that alive so they can act again?” asked Kylo. “No, I leave them alive so they can face justice,” replied Poe. Kylo resisted sneering. Justice did tend to come with time, but it was far too slow. Sometimes people didn’t denounce an act or person as barbaric until centuries after the fact. Oftentimes none of the participants were left behind to face judgement, leaving a legacy of shame for their descendants. Kylo had known far too many who were only deservedly vilified long after their deaths. Tyrants dying peacefully in their beds. What did a corpse care if it was degraded? What did a tomb care if it was desecrated? Smaller acts of cruelty were more difficult to pin down and punish. Kylo had known family units to celebrate certain members, despite that person treating one of their own pack heinously. In the interest of keeping harmony, the injured party was asked to bear it while they watched their abuser be treated as someone worthy of admiration. Justice was sometimes served, but it was flawed. It was best to take matters into his own hands when these sorts of situations arose. “What does your human think?” asked Poe. Kylo paused. He hadn’t mentioned any of that to Hux. “He should know. You’re killing someone for him, he should have a say at the very least,” continued the witch. “If you tell him, I’ll throw you out the front door myself,” warned Kylo, growling slightly. “Poe…” said the wolf quietly, giving his human companion a look that was clearly a warning not to enrage their host, “This is between me and him. Whatever he does with what I tell him isn’t your fault. We had this arrangement before we made plans to leave.” “Sounds like you made them awfully quickly,” guessed Kylo, though he supposed the mad dash for freedom had been on Finn’s mind for quite some time. “Kylo?” The vampire turned and saw his human clutching at the doorway to the study. He was still frightfully pale. Kylo rose to his feet, “Darling, you’re supposed to be resting.” “You never came back,” replied Hux, giving a slight cough as he looked about the room. He seemed to recognize the wolf, so he immediately fixated on the other human. Hux looked over them, trying to formulate something despite his mind being clouded. He furrowed his brow as he tried to make an assessment, “You didn’t tell me there were people…” “It was a surprise for myself as well, my sweet,” replied Kylo, moving to wrap an arm around his human, “You really shouldn’t be out of bed.” “Ah, so this is my lovely patient!” Poe bounded from his place beside Finn right up to Hux, taking his hand and bowing, “My name is Poe Dameron, jack-of-all-trades, happy to be at the service of such a stunning beauty.” Hux gave Finn a confused look before pulling back as Poe kissed his hand. Kylo pulled Hux away, “I’m not letting you stay here so you can flirt with my human.” Hux looked at Poe scornfully, “What’s going on here?” “As I said, I’m a jack-of-all-trades, and one of those is making remedies. I’m sure I’ve got something for that sore throat. I also heard mention of a fever. How would you like me to bring it down without all that awful lying in bed feeling like you’re at death’s door?” asked Poe. Hux looked up at Kylo, “But I already saw a doctor.” “The first doctor told me what foods I ought to give you and what steps to take to make sure you recover. This won’t cure you darling, it’s just to take the misery out of it,” explained Kylo. “You let some snake-oil-man in?” asked Hux. “Harsh, that’s very harsh, but I promise there’s not a drop of snake oil in anything I use,” assured Poe, “Just good old fashioned remedies to get rid of the congestion and help with the fever. Now, if the lovely patient wouldn’t mind being seated?” The witch gestured to a where he had been sitting. Poe gave Hux a pat on the back, “I’ve been told all about what’s wrong, so I won’t examine you again. Just sit and relax. Since you’re such a skeptic, I’ll let you watch. Have you got a name, Gatito?” “Watch it,” growled Kylo, picking up on the pet-name immediately and not approving in the least. “Armitage,” replied Hux, “People call me Midge.” “Like the bug?” asked Poe, sitting opposite Hux and Finn and reaching for his satchel. He pulled out a series of vials filled with things and labeled with rubbed out markings, laying them all out on the table for Hux to see as he retried an empty one. “Like the bug,” echoed Hux, nodding his agreement. “I think you look more like a ‘Kitten’ than a ‘Midge,’ but it doesn’t sound like my opinion is worth much here,” said Poe with a shrug, measuring out powders, “So, how did this happen Midge? Usually you’ve got to catch this sort of thing from someone else.” “I guess I just got a chill,” replied Hux, “I went outside without shoes or a coat a few nights ago.” “Just going to rule something out, okay? It’s just…something at the back of your eye. It’s hard to see in the dark,” said Poe, leaning across the table, “Finn, could you pass me the crystal quartz? I’ve got to make things a bit brighter here.” Finn reached for the satchel and produced a limp of crystal. Poe tool it and it light up in his palm, “Alright Midge, I need you to look right here.” The witch pointed at his right ear while he held the crystal up, “I know it’s bright, but just look at my ear…it’s faint, but there’s something. Have you been in contact with a witch lately? Aside from me, that is?” “You’re a witch?” asked Hux, pulling back against the couch. Poe held up his glowing crystal, “Did you really need it spelled out for you?” “What’s wrong with him?” asked Kylo, “A curse? Did someone hex him?” “Now, nobody panic, but someone put a Geas on him. Not a very good one, but it’s there,” said Poe. He looked at Hux, “You didn’t happen to make an oath in a public place and break it, did you?” “This can happen?” asked Hux in alarm before breaking off into a coughing fit. Kylo stared at Hux, stunned. He had put a Geas on himself. It would have had to have been on accident, and very unintentional, but the boy had sworn his revenge by killing the one who murdered his friends. When he failed to do so, decided to go back on his vow, the Geas must have activated. Apparently it had not been cast quite right though. Unless Hux’s little oath included getting a slight fever and a cold if he failed or turned back. It also pointed to the possibility of Irish heritage. At least a little. Geas could be cast by anyone, but seemed to come most naturally to those who came from the land the spell haled from. “Well, if a witch overheard you, they might have put a spell on you. Basically if you break your oath, something bad will happen. Usually it’s something pretty severe, but in your case, you’ve only got a cold,” said Poe. “How long is this going to last?” asked Hux, after getting his cough under control. Poe held up his crystal light, “The curse already fading. I’d say it’ll last as long as any other cold, so a week or two at most.” “Wait…I don’t even know how this is supposed to work,” said Hux clutching his head. The poor thing was still congested and probably had a headache, which was making it even harder for him to process information. “A Geas can work in two ways. Sometimes one can be placed on an oath that’s already been sworn, so if someone breaks their word, something bad will happen. It’s a pretty powerful motivator to keep a promise. The other way, is for a Geas to be forced on someone. This can be done without someone’s consent or even their knowledge. It’s often used to manipulate someone into a desired behaviour. Like, ‘I cast a spell on you, and if you don’t do what I want, you’re going to fall over dead.’ That sort of thing,” explained Poe, “But this one’s really weak. If they were trying to kill you if you failed to do something, they really messed up.” Hux lay back and closed his eyes, “Shit…” “Language, darling. I know you’re ill but there’s compa-” Kylo began. “I said, ‘I’ll kill him or may God strike me dead.’ I decided not to kill you so…” Hux trailed off, “God…this clinches it…I’m not…I’m not normal anymore…” Poe looked across at Hux for a moment, his mouth twitching into a smile for a brief moment as he recognized one of his own. Then it disappeared, realizing what this change in identity was doing to Hux. The boy had curled in slightly, covering his face with his hands. Kylo and Finn could immediately sense his distress, hear his heart racing and smell fear all over him as his little world crashed in around him. Kylo settled a little closer, “Darling, we talking about this. It’s better this way…isn’t it?” “You’re right, it’s better…I’m sorry, I just can’t think right now,” said Hux, blaming his inability to process this change on his condition. Kylo passed him a handkerchief, which Hux took and refused to use as he sniffled lightly, taking a moment to calm himself down. He looked up eventually, and anxiously asked Poe, “How do I make sure I don’t do it again?” “Practice,” said Poe simply, leaning forward to talk more seriously, “When people like us discover we have power we don’t have much control over it. I used to sneeze and get tangled up in invisible ropes. The only way to learn control is to practice. Now, have you ever done anything else like this?” “I can talk to horses…” said Hux, sounding a little groggy. “You mean, you can hear their thoughts?” asked Poe. “No, he tells a horse, any horse, what to do and they obey him. They also seem to be attracted to him. My Night-Mare can be a disagreeable creature at times, but she was content to do exactly what he told her and rub her face all over him,” explained Kylo. “So you think Wild-Magic,” said Poe. “What’s that?” asked Hux. “Wild-Magic is pretty much exactly what it sounds like. It’s raw, and mostly to do with animals and the natural world. You don’t need books or complicated spells, just feelings and will-power. This,” said Poe, holding up his crystal and making it glow, “Is technically wild magic. You could probably do it.” Poe held out the stone, but Hux shook his head, “Maybe when I’m well…” Poe set the stone down and reached over to pat Hux’s hand, “I know finding out you’re different like this is frightening, and it changes a lot, but there are good things. Being a witch really isn’t so bad.” Hux glanced over at Finn, “So why are you here? Did Kylo ask you to bring him?” Finn looked over at Kylo before nodding, “Yeah, we’re just going to stay until you feel better.” Hux paused for a moment. He furrowed his brow, “You needed a place to hole up and a getaway driver.” “I needed a place to hole up and a getaway driver,” admitted Finn. Poe grinned and gave a passive shrug as the wolf shook his head, “If this doesn’t work, Phasma is going to stick my head on a spike.” “Aw, she wouldn’t…” Poe stopped as Finn gave him a harsh look, “…okay maybe she would…” “Phasma may have an abrasive personality but she does her job well. You know, it really does me no benefit to undermine her like this,” said Kylo. “Bragging rights,” Finn reminded Kylo. “Ah, yes, those. I suppose since you aren’t a fugitive there’s no real harm,” said Kylo, “Of course, if security gets spread too thin while she’s looking for you, I’m probably going to hunt you down myself.” Kylo added the threat cheerfully. He doubted Phasma would do that. This would be a blow to her ego, but she was very good at what she did. She wouldn’t let the borders go undefended on a mad hunt for vengeance. He just wanted to keep Finn on his toes, remind the wolf that he was here on charity and Kylo would be perfectly justified in throwing them both out at any moment. Poe finished his concoction and held up a tube full of powders, “Put a quarter teaspoon of this in his tea four times a day. That should keep his head clear, at least, and bring his temperature down.” Kylo took the vial. There seemed to be enough of the stuff to last a few days. Hopefully by then Hux’s symptoms will have cleared up. The boy shivered against him and muttered, “I can’t believe I cursed myself…” “Well, I guess we should all be glad that it was just a cold. A broken geas normally means death,” said Poe worriedly, “But in the meantime, I wouldn’t make any declarations like that out loud again.” Hux gave a little nod and settled against Kylo, “I think I’m going to go back to bed for a while.” “Alright darling, do you need help getting up the stairs? You look a little unsteady,” noted Kylo, helping the boy as he seemed to shiver his way onto his feet. “I can walk,” insisted Hux, despite looking like he was about to fall over. “Perhaps I might assist the lovely-” Poe began. “I said I can walk,” replied Hux, haughtiness creeping into his voice despite his cold. He looked at Kylo, “That wraith, Kostya, he’s different from the others somehow. I think he’d like to talk if he could.” “Kostya might not even be a Kostya. I can’t remember them, dearest…we’ll discuss it later,” said Kylo. He sighed slightly, “That one, it’s…less frightening for you now?” “He’s not just a set of arms coming out of the walls anymore,” replied Hux. He looked over at Finn, “Whatever you’re doing, I hope it works.” Finn smiled slightly and gave a nod as Hux shakily made his way out of the room. ‘Kostya’ appeared out of the wall, or at least a glimpse of him did. He seemed to be following Hux about, though for what reason Kylo couldn’t possibly imagine. He tried to remember if he had a servant who was charged specifically with looking after ladies when they visited. He was certain though, if he had someone like that employed, he would have gotten a woman for the job. Perhaps Kostya had been a woman once. “Do you recall the wraith on the stairs?” Kylo asked Finn, seating himself again. “Yeah, he looked…fresher than the other ones. Like he had become like that recently,” replied Finn. Kylo gave a slight nod. The wraith, by whatever power, no matter who had triggered the actions, seemed to be creating an identity for itself under Hux’s guidance. Perhaps Hux’s ill mutterings about a priest he had known was enough to inform the wraith of its gender and sex. It certainly looked much more male than the other wraiths, with a more solid build and broader shoulders. What Kylo couldn’t figure out though, was weather the wraith was recovering an identity or creating a new one. “Poe said Wild-Magic affects living things. Maybe it works on wraiths,” suggested Finn, who seemed to have pieced together what was happening, “If he accidentally hexed himself, he might not be able to control it.” “They’re neither living nor dead, it’s possible…” muttered Kylo. He shook his head, “What I don’t understand though is why I can’t catch the scent of magic from him. He smells like any other human.” Kylo looked at Poe, “You positively reek of it but I can’t even get a whiff of it off of him.” “Thanks,” said Poe with a proud grin. “Is it possible that magic is changing, evolving somehow?” Kylo wondered out loud. Finn gave an uneasy shrug, “He said he was illegitimate…if his father was from somewhere else, it could be possible that he’s not as human as he thinks he is.” Kylo furrowed his brow, “Like a sprite or pixie? Come to think of it, his features are sharp enough to resemble something in the fairie family. But shouldn’t we be able to smell it on him?” “Sometimes it just pops up,” explained Poe, “Like how humans in a family might have dark hair for generations and then one of them is suddenly blond because a far back ancestor was blond. Magic does tend to come more naturally to fae anyhow. A fairy or sprite from a few generations ago would be enough to pass on some aptitude.” Kylo pondered over all of it. If Hux wasn’t entirely human, he would have to send the boy away. Blood Tax called for a human, not a fairie, to give their blood in exchange for protection and in payment of past misdeeds. If Hux wasn’t completely human it might be the worst possible scenario. Kylo could be forced to release his little human immediately. He wished he had some way to prove Hux’s humanity. If he could somehow get the father’s history and pedigree the whole thing could be solved. “But in the meantime, is it possible that magic itself is changing? The way animals adapt to their environments? If someone who used magic could figure out how to hide it, it would be a good trait to pass on to future generations,” said Kylo. “You’d have to meet his father, I think,” replied Poe. Kylo looked the two over, “Have either of you ever fancied going to France?” The two men exchanged a look. Poe shrugged, “I don’t mind France. Do you mind France?” “Never been,” said Finn, “And I don’t speak French.” “If I tasked you,” Kylo said, pointing at Poe, “To go through archives in France to find an officer named Hux who served under Napoleon, how much would it cost me?” “Not the services I’m used to selling,” admitted Poe, “So I’m not sure how much I should charge. Obviously travel expenses, one way, lodgings while I do the research. If you can cover that, we’ll call it even.” “If I recall correctly they’ve gone back to a monarchy again. I should be able to provide you with a list of contacts who will assist you in your search,” replied Kylo. He sighed and shook his head, “But even with a name and a family history it would be impossible to tell if his ancestry was that of a faerie or witch…” Finn straightened slightly as he realized, “If he’s not human he can’t be blood tax.” “Do not tell him that,” insisted Kylo, “If you breathe one word of this to him, the deal is null.” “So you can keep him here,” said Finn accusingly, his lip curling slightly as he struggled to resist a snarl. “Don’t bare your teeth at me,” warned Kylo, pausing before he lowered his voice, “He wants to stay. I threatened to send him back once and it devastated him. It was almost a full day before I could even speak with him properly. I can see you find it hard to believe, but he came here to save the life of a dear friend. If he goes back, she’s the one who’s going to be taken. If he’s sent back…” …Kylo would have to say goodbye to his little human and break his heart twice over by taking his dearest friend away. He looked at the two guests, who he found had more in common with invaders, “It’s a delicate situation. For his own sake, don’t say anything to him.” Finn furrowed his brow. He seemed just like the doctor for a moment, uncomprehending of how something that looked like love was coming out of a situation that was so dubious. Rather than ponder over it, he asked bluntly, “So…what are you two anyways?” Kylo signed and glanced at the door Hux had long since departed through, “We’re complicated.”