Tentacles Thrawn/Palpatine Kinks and Cuddles Meme Part One: Darth Videtur’s Request: Tentacles Thrawn considered the re-born emperor and licked his lips. Then, he asked Palpatine a quiet question. “How many arms do I have?” Anyone other than Palpatine would have stared at him and answered “two.” Palpatine just smirked, the expression particularly fitting on this younger body. “Why, Thrawn, have you lost count? Ten, as usual.” Thrawn was so relieved he lost focus on his “legs” and they turned to jelly, causing them to bend twist and fold as he collapsed. The young Palpatine caught his arms and held his torso upright as his eight tentacles rebelled, trying to wrap themselves about the reborn emperor. “You look like you want a bed and a place to tear clothes off, now.” “So perceptive!” Thrawn sarcastically praised. “I assume you have such a place ready.” “Of course, Thrawn.” Palpatine lifted the Chiss into his arms. “In fact, I have something better than a bed.” What Palpatine meant by that was a pool, of course. A heated one, naturally. He dropped Thrawn in and let the blue being strip and struggle out of the constricting uniform. He was out of his own clothes in moments, of course. Thrawn normally didn’t feel as if the uniform strangled him. Now, he hated it with every fiber of his being. At last, the pants were off and his tentacles flew free. “I’m always a bit weirded out by your tentacles. They’re not like you would expect.” Palpatine observed, dropping into the chest high water. Thrawn flaunted the extra limbs gently. “Come and get it, cowboy.” The tentacles were twice as long as the “legs” he built with them and originated, not at the waist, but below the hip. The result was a fine ass over a very small amount of thigh before the thick tentacles began. As a result, sex with Thrawn wasn’t as intimidating as one might assume. “You’ve been watching holoporn again, haven’t you?” Palpatine sighed and waded forwards, diving into the water to catch up to him. “Even a squid has needs, Palpatine.” Thrawn reminded him. “I’m sorry.” Palpatine caught ahold of one of the tentacles and reeled the Chiss in. “I’ll make it up to you.” Thrawn allowed himself to be pulled close and felt Palpatine lay a hand over his stomach. He twined his tentacles with the long, ivory legs. “It will take quite a bit to do that.” “You know what? I think I’m up to it. Newborn stamina and all that jazz.” He slid his hard dick against Thrawn’s back in a brief mockery of the action he intended. “I still need to be prepared.” Thrawn warned. Palpatine murmured something incomprehensible to him and grabbed for two of Thrawn’s tentacles. As one would expect, they were slick, smooth, and sensitive. The slick would be perfect lubricant. Thrawn shuddered, the tentacles stretching and twining in Palpatine’s fingers. “I always forget how good it feels to have my tentacles touched.” He bucked slightly against Palpatine. “What are you waiting for?” Palpatine held Thrawn close by the tentacles and began licking and kissing a mark into his neck. “Patience, Thrawn. There is much we can do.” He began moving down the Chiss’ body, sucking marks as clear as the ones Thrawn’s tentacles could make on his skin. Thrawn turned his head, trying to look down at him. “What are you intending- Ah!” He cried out when Palpatine reached the sensitive spots at the small of his back. “Prepare yourself, Thrawn. I am not your servant.” Thrawn blushed. “Palpatine!” “Do it, Thrawn. I like to see you do it.” Palpatine nibbled his ear. Two of Thrawn’s tentacles crept up towards his entrance, pressing inwards and stretching. “Do more. I don’t want to hurt you.” Palpatine reached across Thrawn’s chest and tugged on his nipples. Thrawn whined and added a third, pressing in with a slick noise muffled in the water. Palpatine spent an appropriate amount of time torturing the Chiss before giving him what he wanted, hard and deep, faster and faster, until clouds of white exploded out of him, the Chiss bucking and twisting in his hands. Floating with Thrawn on top of his chest, he felt the tentacles drifting quietly around him and smirked. Thrawn was his, once again. Chapter 2 : Thrawn/Palpatine Tentacles Redux Summary: This is pretty much the first chapter, but in this case Palpatine's the tentacle monster, not Thrawn. And apparently they've had a fight of some sort, causing Palpatine to flee into his own domain and Thrawn to follow, trying to apologize. Yeah, I have no idea what happened. Palpatine floated on his back in the cold lake. Dropping into the water below him, floating in the crystal depths, his tentacles propelled him gently in circles. On the shore, Thrawn called out. "Palpatine? Palpatine, I'm sorry. Please, come back." Cursing the dark night and the Cecealia's camouflage, Thrawn waded into the frigid waters. "Palpatine?" Palpatine submerged quickly to lurk among the weeds at the bottom. He could see and hear his Chiss lover just fine. "Palpatine, I'm sorry." The lake became very deep very quickly and Thrawn bumbled through the water, still looking for Palpatine. Palpatine rose silently beneath the blue Chiss, raging in his heart, thinking of ways to punish him. Thrawn was cut off mid-plea when Palpatine fastened a tentacle around his ankle and pulled him under the water. The Chiss went down struggling, but Palpatine held him fast. Only when he felt that Thrawn had reached his limit, did he let go and allow him to take a breath before pulling under again. At last, Thrawn went limp in Palpatine's grip and the hybrid pulled him to the surface, holding him up as he spluttered, eyelashes fluttering. His eyes were glowing yellow. The water wasn't a good place to attempt to punish the Chiss unless he wanted to continue the dunking. Dragging the limp Chiss, he brought him to a protruding rock and thrust him up onto it. His tentacles were lined with suckers surrounded by small hooks. They could be painful if he wasn't careful with them. Needless to say, he wrapped a full tentacle around one of Thrawn's legs and dug in. The Chiss groaned as he pulled each sucker out, one at a time, leaving steadily larger rings on his legs. "Palpatine... I'm sorry..." "So am I." Palpatine bared his teeth, pulling away the last of the hooks and dragging Thrawn back into the water. How dare you..." Thrawn whimpered, wrapping his arms around Palpatine's shoulders, burying his face in the crook of his neck. Palpatine could feel his arousal and fear. "I should drag you down to the depths. I should just leave you here. See if anyone comes to find you. You wouldn't last the night like this. Pathetic." Thrawn withered, pressing harder into the smooth flesh of Palpatine's shoulder. "Palpatine... I'm sorry..." Palpatine stuffed a thick tentacle into Thrawn's mouth. "Shut up. You don't get to speak to me right now." Thrawn nodded, suckling softly at the tentacle. "You've always liked a bit of rough treatment, you little whore." Palpatine twisted three tentacles together and breached Thrawn, a fourth wrapped around his base and balls. "You're not going to enjoy this, though. You've stepped across the line. This isn't going to be a few slaps and then kissing and cuddles after. This is serious." Thrawn's eyes widened around the tentacle. Palpatine sneered at him, dunking him once for good measure. He hauled the Chiss back into the air and pulled his gag tentacle out. "You have a straight up choice. For all that you don't deserve it, I will give you one mercy. You can either have an orgasm and I'll be taking you completely unprepared or I'll prepare you and you won't come at all. What do you want?" Thrawn's eyes were blown wide in fear, lust, and shame. He looked down. Palpatine was by no means a weak specimen, especially in sex, and it would be agony to be sodomized without help, but he had never gone from Palpatine's bed unsatisfied before. "I- I-" "Make your choice, or I will give you neither." Palpatine growled. Thrawn hung limp in the strong grip, letting his head fall forwards. "Please... prepare me..." "Good choice." Palpatine lowered Thrawn into the water, busying his fingers with Thrawn's underside. The Chiss keened when he tormented that sensitive spot buried inside. "Palpatine... Please..." "Shut up." Palpatine thrust his tentacle back into the Chiss' mouth. It might have been minutes, it might have been hours, but eventually Palpatine dragged Thrawn back up onto the beach. His tentacles became legs and he carried Thrawn back into the house. For a brief moment, Thrawn opened his eyes as Palpatine tucked his battered body into the bed. "I'm sorry..." "You are forgiven. We will speak when you have recovered." Palpatine swept out of the room to bathe. Chapter 3 : Starscream/Scavenger Seal-Breaking “If you are a Decepticon, never undermine me like that again!” Starscream’s sharp voice had the potential to hurt Scavenger’s audials. “Starscream, you have much to learn about combat.” Scavenger cajoled the angry Seeker. “Is it undermining to offer my own experience to aid you?” “I would not be the second in command if I had no experience!” Starscream shrieked back. Scavenger sighed, fighting the urge to pinch his nasal vent. Starscream was insecure and there was good reason for it. Megatron played with his second in command like a human child played with a doll. The Seeker felt the ground under his pedes as sinking sand and it frightened him. Starscream lashed out with a servo. “Are you listening to me!?” Scavenger caught the servo and then the other. Pinning Starscream to the wall with ease, he held both in one hand as the Seeker struggled and cursed. Scavenger cupped his faceplates with his free servo. “I’m listening.” “Get off of me!” “Why? So you can try to hit me again?” The Seeker cursed some more and continued to struggle. He was quite attractive, Scavenger could see and feel that. His spike was certainly responding. Before he knew what he was doing, he was kissing the air commander. Starscream pulled back, dentas clenched in a sneer. “What was that supposed to be?” “Oh, was it not obvious? My mistake.” Scavenger dipped in again, nibbling Starscream’s lipplates. The Seeker responded enthusiastically and Scavenger growled deep in his vocalizer. Keeping the Seeker pinned, he reached down for Starscream’s codpiece and traced it until the plating opened abruptly. Starscream looked away, blushing. Scavenger turned his helm back with a firm hand so that yellow optics met his again. A knee pressed its way between the Seeker’s legs, opening them up. Scavenger could practically feel the heat from Starscream’s valve radiating out towards him. Lubricants were building up around the brim and he teased the edge with a single digit before pushing it forwards to explore, only to be met by a block. Scavenger’s expression became surprised. “Well, well… What’s this? A seal?” He continued to probe. It was definitely a seal. “After all this time?” Starscream bit out. “I do have standards.” “Not very high ones.” Scavenger looked pointedly at the lackluster location. “Oh, shut up about the slagging seal, it changes nothing!” Starscream snapped. “If you’re going to frag me, frag me!” “Only if you promise to shut up.” Scavenger allowed his own codpiece to open. His thick spike slowly extended against Starscream’s valve. Starscream bucked his hips gently against the other. “Come on. I don’t have all day.” Scavenger growled, surged forwards, and bit down on Starscream’s neck cables. The seal broke with a soft pop and a trickle of energon. The Seeker moaned, vocalizer glitching out halfway through and his voice broke. The Seeker howled silently, lipplates moving without anything coming out. Scavenger growled into his neck and continued working over the bites he had already put on the cables. Starscream thrust back and their intimacy became a battle for dominance. Scavenger pushed Starscream into the wall, his helm thwacking back into the bulkhead. Starscream gasped and pushed back, raising a leg to hook it around Scavenger’s hips. “Harder!” His lipplates formed. Scavenger gave it to him, thrusting wildly until both tumbled over into overload. Starscream trembled in Scavenger’s arms as spurts of transfluid filled his valve and slipped out of the rim. As Scavenger’s spike depressurized and slipped free, the Seeker collapsed over onto him, optics off-line and oral lubricant dripping from slack lipplates. When Scavenger lowered the glitching and near-unconscious Seeker to the ground, his processor caught up and he began to wonder why Starscream was still sealed. Megatron called his Second into his berthroom regularly. What did they do in there if it wasn’t interfacing? Starscream came around and looked up at Scavenger. “Why are you staring?” He hissed and sat up, codpiece smoothing back into place. “How were you still sealed? I thought you and Lord Megatron-“ “The almighty slag-head is- was saving me for his ultimate victory celebration.” Starscream bit out. “When he calls me to his room, I service him and he lords it over me and my seal. I don’t get any choice in the matter.” “Oh. That’s… despicable.” Scavenger commented. “Isn’t it?” Starscream sarcastically got to his feet. “Don’t worry. I won’t tell him it was you.” He touched his neck. “Though you did destroy my cables.” “Apologies.” “No need.” Starscream smirked. “You were adequate. Have a nice cycle, Scavenger.” He strode off. Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 2 of the Mnd Fuckery series Next Work →