General Hux pokes his head into the bathroom as soon as he hears a small huff of exasperated annoyance emitting from the space. Inside, the Knight of Ren, Kylo Ren, was shaking his head with the most upset pout Hux had ever seen. “That's it,” Kylo Ren mutters angrily, running his fingers through the thick locks of his raven-black hair, “I'm cutting it.” Hux's face contorts into one of confusion. He walks in the bathroom calmly as he observes the other furiously rummage through the drawers. “What is it?” Hux asks, crossing his arms. “This stupid bird's nest, sorry excuse of hair won't fucking cooperate.” Kylo Ren growls in frustration, harshly pulling at his hair with his fingers, “And I can't find the goddamn scissors!” “No need for inappropriate language,” Hux scolds a tad teasingly, opening a drawer and pulling out the said missing item. Kylo Ren outstretches his arm, his palm facing upward. “Hand them to me?” Hux clutches the tool tighter. He stares at the figure in black fondly. Hux admires his beautiful chocolate brown eyes, even as they are blazing with bitter determination. Hux longs to run his fingers through the knight's silky black hair, no matter if it is tangled in a ridiculous mess. Hux wants to savor the other's wonderful smell; the smell is similar to that of bitter coffee, but glazed deliciously with small amounts of sugar, no cream added. “Hux,” Kylo Ren's voice tries to gather the General's lost attention, “Hux, the scissors.” Hux feels a need to cherish Kylo Ren's touch. The thought of the Knight's smooth fingers drifting on his skin makes Hux shudder. Hux stares at Ren's deep, blood-red lips and imagines the passionate exchange of rough kisses, their breaths lingering on each other's skin as musky heat envelops them. Hux lets go of the scissors, letting them clatter on the bathroom's tile. A blush immediately flushes on his pale cheeks. Kylo Ren raises and eyebrow, his look unimpressed. “What the hell, Hux?” An overwhelming need to prevent Ren from cutting his hair suddenly washes over Hux. “Are you sure you need to cut it?” Hux asks with worry plaguing his tone, “I mean, I'm sure you can...” Hux walks over to stand behind Kylo Ren, his fingers coming up shakily to brush into Kylo Ren's hair. Hux instantly feels as if he is intoxicated; it seems severely surreal. The feeling of the knight's hair entwined in his fingers was spectacular. Kylo Ren is obviously enjoying it as well. Small purrs of pleasure escape Ren's lips, and the sound of his hums runs a chill down Hux's back. “If you cut it, I won't be able to do this anymore,” Hux whispers into Kylo Ren's ear softly. Hux notices how the other shivers as he does so. “But...” Kylo Ren murmurs breathlessly, “I don't have any patience...to brush it.” Hux picks up the jade boar-bristle brush lying on the counter of the bathroom sink, and presses his lips on the top of Kylo Ren's head. He inhales the smell of fragrant conditioner that is faintly laced in Kylo Ren's locks. It smells wonderful. “Will you let me brush it?” Hux asks gently, again running his hand through the mess. Kylo Ren pouts, staring at Hux through the mirror, and crosses his arms. “Fine.” Hux pulls all the stray strands from the dark lord's shoulders, and buries the brush's bristles, dragging it downward in attempt to remove knots. A sharp, agitated hiss stains Ren's lips. “Be gentler!” Kylo Ren fusses. Hux chuckles and continues brushing Ren's mane, carefully untangling another big knot. Hux swoops down to smell the hair again, causing Ren to let out a small, slightly nervous titter. “Why do you keep on doing that?” Kylo Ren asks, baffled. Hux's cheeks become rosy, “Your hair smells rather tempting. Is there a way for me to help it?” Ren huffs, “I suppose not.” Hux pauses and stares at Kylo Ren in the mirror. He is briefly captivated by Kylo Ren's beauty—the knight was just too alluring for words to describe. Hux has no idea why he feels this way towards him, either. Hux is pulled away from his thoughts as Ren jerks forward and turns to face the ginger-haired with a horrified expression. “I can hear your thoughts, you know!” Ren scolds, blushing furiously, “I'm not that pretty at all!” Before Hux can protest, Kylo Ren continues his rant. “You just think I'm so fucking beautiful,” The dark lord mocks, but it surprises Hux because he was mocking himself , “Look at me, Hux. I'm unattractive, and you're too blind to see it.” Hux is mildly shocked at the words which spilled out of Kylo Ren's mouth. It makes him irritated, in truth. Hux furrows his eyebrows. “That's absolute shit, Ren,” Hux growls back. Hux grabs Kylo Ren's hair and pulls it gently, “Look in the mirror and tell me what you see.” “I see a fairly pale, young-looking gentleman with the most stunning green eyes I've ever seen and the neatest-” Kylo Ren describes with honest fondness coating his words. “Goddammit, Kylo Ren, not me !” Hux lets Ren's hair go, throwing his arms in the air. “ Why the hell do you think you look unattractive?!” “Look,” Kylo Ren gnarls, fumbling with the ties of his robes before letting the top part slide off his shoulders. Ren's body is covered in unsightly marred skin, some newer than others. Well, 'unsightly marred skin' is the term the knight would use. Hux only sees beauty within the scars. Hux shakes his head, “I agree to disagree. There is no way you look anything other than stunning and gorgeous, and nothing you show me will change my mind.” Hux resumes brushing Kylo Ren's hair, with only one knot left to go before the black 'bird's nest' is neat again. “ I hate you,” Kylo Ren frowns, not bothering to pull his clothes back on. This time, Hux knows the words are legitimate. “Hate me for loving you?” Hux asks, raising his eyebrows. “That's ridiculous.” “I don't like that you don't agree with me,” Kylo Ren snarls. Hux leans in kissing the tip of Kylo Ren's ear. “I don't care what you think about yourself, but I'd never agree with you in a million light years. Even when you grow old and-” “I might even look prettier then,” Kylo Ren remarks spitefully. Hux rolls his eyes, “I'm sure you will.” That was not what Kylo Ren wanted to hear, and he instantly turns back to scowl at the General. And that's when Hux makes his move, too. Before Kylo Ren open s his mouth to speak, or even turn away, Hux presses his lips on Kylo Ren's. Kylo Ren exclaims softly, sitting there in part shock and then noticing that the General's face is incredibly close to his own. The faint smell of Hux's cologne overwhelms Kylo Ren's nose, but he relishes it. He also deeply enjoys when Hux kisses him, so that's why he kisses back, seemingly forgetting about their argument. Hux loves the way Kylo Ren feels under his lips. He's so passionate, Hux muse s with a small, pleased smile. The kiss heats as Hux pushes Kylo Ren, one hand on the edge of the counter and one hand deeply entangled in Kylo Ren's hair. He could have sworn he was holding the brush two second ago, but all that didn't matter when he ha s Kylo Ren in his arms. Kylo Ren murmurs under Hux's osculation, parting lips to inhale a breath of air. He then returns, rougher and fiercer, and wraps his hands behind Hux's neck. Kylo Ren bites Hux's lower lip harshly, earning a grunt from the other. Blood dribbles from Hux's lips as Kylo Ren tears at them mercilessly. The rough passion is enough for Hux to ignore the pain, even as his lips are now throbbing and swollen. Kylo Ren runs his fingers through Hux's hair, licking some blood from Hux's mouth and savoring the taste. Hux is the one who parts this time, puffing out big breaths of air and resting his forehead on Kylo Ren's. Hux's hand moves from his tight grip on Ren's hair and strokes the knight's cheek gingerly. “I won't kiss you like that ever again until,” Hux dips to steal a peck, again loving the way Kylo Ren sighs, “You agree that you're beautiful.” Ren pouts. That was definitely not what he wanted to hear. Hux strokes Ren's cheek again, not being able to take his eyes off of Kylo Ren's. Kylo Ren steals a quick glance into the mirror. “For the sake of kissing you,” Kylo Ren sta rts grimly. A grimace appears on his facial features as he replies, “Yes, fine.” “Fine, what?” Hux asks, grinning a little, purposely adding salt to the would . He earns a bitter glare from Kylo Ren, before replying with a mocking tone, “I'm pretty.” Hux rolls his eyes, knowing that was as good as an answer he was going to get from the stubborn knight. Hux wraps his arms around Kylo Ren, flipping him back to face the mirror. “That's better,” Hux hums as he rest his chin on Ren's head, enjoying the smell of his raven-black hair while it lasts, “I love you.” Kylo Ren blushes, absentmindedly moving his hand to stroke Hux's, which was resting on his bare chest. “Yeah.” Hux moves one hand to caress dense strands of black, and combs them softly, gritting his fingers to feel the smooth texture. Until Hux hits another knot, this time create by his own rough touch. Kylo Ren was caught by surprise at the sudden yank, and hisses a silent curse while gripping his head. “What the hell, Hux! I thought you said you'd brush it!” Kylo Ren is obviously seethed as he snarls bitterly. Hux chuckles, a tad sheepish, and grabs Kylo Ren's chin to exchange another small, but passionate kiss. That seems to calm the knight down. “Looks like I'll have to brush it again, then, Your Majesty,” The last part of that statement nearly wasn't banter, but it causes Kylo Ren to hiss again, nonetheless. “You're literally the fucking worst,” Kylo Ren remarks vilely, pouting and crossing his arms in attempt to stay still. Hux merely plays a grin at th e statement, and picks up the jade brush from the bathroom's counter to start brushing Ren's hair, saying no more. ' I love you, and you're beautiful. ' Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 3 of the Tender Moments series Next Work →