Elegance is a trait not commonly considered for the high-and-mighty Kylo Ren. It would be nearly impossible to attribute the two. The man is lanky and tall, his body's proportions not entirely thought out. It makes him awkward-looking. The way he moves is clunky, the opposite of grace. Hux doubts that the knight is even the slightest bit agile. The temper-tantrums he throws certainly displays power, and it's very awe-some to watch. After all, Hux can respect power, especially coming from Snoke's apprentice. Only on extremely rare occasions, Hux has actually been able to observe Kylo Ren training in one of Starkiller's training rooms. Normally, Hux would pass by, observing Ren as he meditates or stretches. The man wishes to be alone as he trains, so no one actually trains alongside him. Hux could understand—training in a room full with other people bound to get in his way made the hairs on his neck prickle. He can only imagine how many losses he'd endure if one merely stands in the room as Ren practices. The knight certainly has a frightening temper. ----- “Hux.” The General stops, and turns to the knight with a scowl. Of all times, Ren chooses to interrupt Hux immediately after a meeting. Hux wants to get the knight out of the way, so he stops and waits for Kylo Ren to continue. But, much to Hux's surprise, Kylo Ren shies away, his hands behind his back. “I see that you are busy,” Kylo Ren remarsk and Hux nods impatiently, “I'll let you be, then.” “Wait,” Hux calls, and this time Kylo Ren is the one to stop in his tracks, “What is it?” Kylo Ren turns back to Hux, “Oh, I was just wondering if you would like to train with me.” “I-I beg you pardon?” Hux stutters, “You would like for me to train with you?” “I think that's what I said, General, yes.” Kylo Ren nods, and he turns back waving his hand in dismissal, “You can come if you want.” Hux nearly is about to question why, but it's too late, for the knight was already out of sight to the training facility. ----- Normally, Hux would not worry about being asked to train—it's a common thing to do among troopers, especially. Typically , one ' trooper would ask another, or the ' trooper would ask someone within their level. A ' trooper asking a General would be deemed idiotic, as if said ' trooper is trying to ridicule said General. If the higher-ups asks their lower subordinates, it would be acceptable, as if to test the fighter in combat. Now, when Kylo Ren asks, Hux's first reaction is caution. The destructive Knight of Ren is fickle and unpredictable. Is the invite friendly? Is it another attempt to kill him? Hux is not sure, but he figures the only way to find out is to accept the offer. When Hux arrives, Kylo Ren is on the mat, meditating. A typical sight, if you were familiar with Ren's training pattern. Hux observes the lightsaber next to Ren's side, but far away enough to grab it from under his nose. Being more cautious, Hux takes a mental note on the exits and defenses, just in case things with Kylo Ren go awry. Kylo Ren is not wearing his usual outfit. Instead, the man is grabbed in a black tank-top and puffy pants. He is still fitted in his boots, however. The most intriguing aspect about this outfit is that it excluded Ren's mask—arguably the knight's most precious piece of clothing. No, instead of those seemingly heavy garbs that covered every inch of Kylo Ren's skin was something more acceptable for training. Kylo Ren's black garments on his pale white skin could leave some in awe. The man is muscular and rugged, that much Hux expected, but he can't help be feel a little impressed. “Welcome, General,” Kylo Ren speaks, though he does not move. Hux places his canteen on a bench, as well as a jacket for after, when he has cooled off. Hux himself isn't in his usual uniform, though he could practice with it, nonetheless. Instead, the General is wearing black sweatpants and a white tank-top. The ginger begins to wrap his fist in hand wraps, all while staring at Kylo Ren. Kylo Ren finally beings to move and he stands up, stretching from his seated potion. With the Force, Kylo Ren calls his 'saber in hand, and tests it in his palm. He ignites it, spinning it around. He slashes it in the air twice, and jabs it forward. And, in the next moment, Hux finds himself impressed. The knight is moving at an unbelievably hypersonic speed, his feet prancing gracefully on the floor without making a sound. Hux thinks for a moment he went deaf. Or maybe he went blind, for the knight is only a blur through his eyes . The lightsaber dances in Ren ' s hand like the elegant beam of Starkiller 's deathly laser. The man is agile, slicing down his opponents clean with one swipe and rampaging through the other targets like a recherché storm. The knight's movements are swift and incredibly refined. Hux can see the endless hours of practice in the Force-user's technique. Out of all Knights of Ren, out of all lightsaber-weilders, and out of all Force-sensitives, Hux could rank Kylo Ren the best. Kylo Ren is powerful, evidently the descendant of Anakin Skywalker. After awhile, The Knight of Ren stops, puffing out a breath of air, but not even breaking a sweat. He turns to Hux, who is still and staring at him. Hux blinks, shaking his head out of his trance. Kylo Ren moves forward to the bench next to Hux, and he places his lightsaber down on the edge of said bench. “I had no idea you'd be so captivated,” Kylo Ren chortles. Hux grimaces, scoffing, “I am not incapable of appreciating talent and skill when I see it.” “Well,” Kylo Ren steps closer to Hux, a small smirk on his lips, “ The gleam in your eye shows more than appreciation, General . ” Hux gapes, trying to think of a suitable protest, but nothing comes into his mind. Kylo Ren moves back into the training space without letting Hux speak. Instead, Ren moves to the punching bag, and he starts his assault on it, his hands bare. Hux winces at every punch, but Kylo Ren doesn't seem to mind, even as his knuckles are beaten raw. Ren is still moving lithely, even as he attacks the punching bag with great force. Hux momentarily wonders what it would be like to go in against an attacker of such caliber. Hux wonders if he could ever best the knight in combat. After all, the knight certainly is elegant. Series this work belongs to: Part 1 of the Tender Moments series Next Work →