Kylo Ren hates long work days. It means he would have to endure a day full of training, politics, military plans, and so on. And T he Force; he'd have to practice his ability before calling it a day. But the part that bothers him the most is the fact that he never gets to see his favorite red-headed General, Hux. It's not that surprising, just really irritating. Hux is the best of the best, so it is, quote, 'absolutely necessary to execute tasks at the site of operation.' Whatever. It's after work, which is fairly late in the evening, when Kylo Ren first sees the General. Well, the General sees Kylo Ren , on Hux's bed, inside Hux's private quarters. Kylo Ren lounges there, his arms resting above his head and his legs propped up. Hux instantly flushes nervously when he sees the knight, dropping his greatcoat on the floor and swallowing. From this angle, Kylo Ren looked ravishing, especially covered in his dark, majestic clothes which hug his body just perfectly. “Well,” Kylo Ren smirks, enjoying the way Hux is paying him mind carefully. Kylo Ren flips onto his stomach, flicks his hair out of his eyes and stares at Hux. “You came by earlier than expected.” Hux chuckles shyly, “On the contrary, it is late.” Kylo Ren licks his lips in anticipation, and puts himself upright in a sitting position. “I've been waiting for you.” His eyes gleam with fondness. Hux nods, and replies matter-of-factually, “I am well aware. ” Hux walks over to the bed after carelessly throwing some work papers on his desk, and pushes Ren down on his back. Hux tenderly pushes his lips onto the needing knight's, who shivers delightfully upon contact. Kylo Ren pulls Hux on the bed with him, allowing the ginger to hover on top of him. Hux deepens the kiss, lifting one hand to tightly entwine his fingers into Ren's thick raven-colored mane and tugs at it ever so slightly. Ren parts, gasping. He stares into Hux's confused eyes, before rasping, “When did you become so...gentle?” Hux lets out a titter, “I see you're still impatient.” Ren shrugs dismissively, “It's an important trait if you're on the Dark Side of The Force.” Just staring into Kylo Ren's expressive eyes makes Hux's stomach flutter, especially when he looks at Hux with that affectionate, sultry look. Hux lets his teeth graze his lower lip, and dives back in to peck Ren's lips. The knight response with harsh eagerness, clashing his teeth with Hux's and forcing the other into an open-mouthed kiss. Briefly touching tongues, Kylo Ren sighs in pleasure, his eyes closed in a fixed serene expression. “I've missed you,” Kylo Ren whispers lovingly, stroking Hux's hair softly. Hux grins, as if to agree, and kisses Ren gingerly. Kylo Ren replies with gentleness, nipping and drifting his tongue on Hux's lips whenever he had the chance. The temperature in the room seems to rise steadily with every osculation, which is apparent to Hux when Ren starts to tug at Hux's garbs. The Force-user is quite a multi-tasker, Hux thinks as slightly cooler air meets his fevered skin. Kylo Ren drags his cold hands gently down Hux's chest, smiling underneath Hux's lips as the General shudders and let a sigh slip through his lips. Hux roughly holds Ren's hair, pulling at the strands harshly to maintain a sense of dominance. Of course, Kylo Ren would not have it, and bites with ferocity into Hux's lip. There is blood seeping from the harsh assault. ' Is it impossible to kiss him without blood being shared? ' Hux ponders nonchalantly, smiling. He actually enjoys how the Knight of Ren adapts to his actions; it makes him a tad more fascinating, and challenging. Kylo Ren drifts his hand to Hux's throat, although leaving one hand to rest on the General's abdomen , squeezing lightly as to remind the General who's the boss. Hux flicks his tongue on Kylo Ren's lips, a rusty taste of his own blood stains his mouth , and breaks away, trying to observe Ren's expression. Ren's eyes were flickering with an intense fire, his lips quivering, and his cheeks passionately flushed with a deep rose. Hux moves lower, the grip on his throat getting tighter. Hux can feel a bruise starting to appear, but pays no mind to it as he brushes Ren's hair away from his obscured neck. Hux can feel Ren tense as he trails kisses on his jawline softly, as if not to puncture the porcelain flesh with his pecks. Kylo Ren's breath becomes heavy and hot, blowing softly on Hux's ear. Hux's fingers reach up to undo the collar of Ren's robes, exposing the pale, soft skin underneath. Hux licks Kylo Ren's throat softly, and continues the kisses until he reaches the crook of his neck . Without warning, Hux bites harshly, causing Ren to hiss and attempt to push Hux away. Hux pulls back, gasping and reaching up to the sticky red liquid drip down his chin, decorating Kylo Ren's thorax. The blood splashes the white skin beautifully, and the black of Ren's hair sticking to his skin contrasts exquisitely to complete the piece of art. Hux focuses his eyes to Kylo Ren, who is tugging at his clothes to take them off due to the heat. Hux brushes the back of his hand on Kylo Ren's forehead and runs his fingers through the black mess. Hux remarks how Kylo Ren still manages to look extraordinarily alluring. It makes Hux's heart thump louder in his chest, and Kylo Ren seems to notice as a small grin appears on his face. “Tired?” Kylo Ren asks slowly with a hot slur, “Overwhelmed, perhaps, is the right word?” Hux chortles softly, placing his forehead on Kylo Ren's. Kylo Ren drops his hand from Hux's throat and caresses his shoulder, before curling his fingers and digging his nails to penetrate the skin. As blood seeps out of the claw wounds and drips down Hux's shoulder, Hux remains unfazed. He is actually smiling, and more intrigued and indulged in the idea of kissing Kylo Ren's blood-red lips again. And so he does. Passionately. Kylo Ren kisses back fiercely, gripping Hux's shoulders tightly. Hux gasps at the sudden pressure on the wounds on his shoulder, but he forgets them as he is suddenly forced onto his back, Kylo Ren straddling his waist. Kylo Ren purposely smears his bloodied hand on Hux's chest, his lips twitching into a smile as he kisses the General. Hux murmurs, once more entwining his fingers into Kylo Ren's tangled waves, now yanking gratingly at the strands and making Kylo Ren huff in delight. Kylo Ren exclaims at a powerful tug, his reaction making Hux pleased. Even under him, the General's touch could still make Ren shrivel. Hux undoes more of Kylo Ren's robes, his hands tracing over the many scars that covered Ren's skin. Kylo Ren breaks the kiss, shuddering and letting out a sensuous purr of bliss. The sound makes Hux feel as if he were about to faint. “Hux,” Kylo Ren moans airily, a blush adorning his cheeks delicately. Along with others, that certain shade of Ren's blush will always be Hux's favorite color. Hux titters, closing his eyes and breathing steadily onto Kylo Ren's lips. ' He smells so wonderful ,' Hux thinks, inhaling deeply. Kylo Ren echoes, as if he were thinking the same. Hux opens his eyes to gaze at Kylo Ren, who, much to his slight disappointment, was closing his eyes as well. “I must say,” Hux chuckles, “Long work days aren't so bad.” Kylo Ren hums in agreement, licking his lips and sighing. “Especially if they lead to this.” Hux chuckles again, this time it's his turn to blush. “Sh-should we go further?” Kylo Ren whispers, opening his eyes to meet with Hux's. There is a hidden uncertainty to his tone, and it makes Hux slightly worried. Hux inhales, pecking Ren's lips and relishes the taste. “Only if you want to,” Hux replie s breathlessly, grinning, “Your Majesty.” Kylo Ren chortles sarcastically at the banter, rolling his chocolate eyes and dipping in to exchange an unmoving kiss with the ginger. “We'll see,” He mutters, his breath hotly tainting Hux's lips. Just then, the door of Hux's chambers open, revealing a slightly disheveled stormtrooper dressed in bright silver, though her mask is propped on her hip. “General-” Phasma starts, then looks up to the scene in front of her. It is not hard to notice the bright red blush creeping up on her face, or her sea-blue eyes widening to the size of saucers. Nonchalantly, Kylo Ren swings himself off of Hux's waist, though the blush on his face is obvious, too. Hux just wants to be dead. “ I am so, so, so, sorry!” Phasma blurts, bowing her head in form of apology, “I should have knocked- I just-” “What do you need, Phasma?” Hux snaps, mostly due to nerves and embarrassment. Phasma bites her lip, as if she knows exactly what Kylo Ren and Hux were doing. Phasma eyes the blood on everything, before s he replies in a semi-squeaky voice. “I collected more papers for you to...um,” Phasma grins, almost sheepishly, “Work on. I noticed you weren't at your desk, so-” Hux stands up, quickly debating whether or not to put on his garbs, decides against it, and walks over to the chrometrooper, snatching the papers from her outstretched hand. “Thank you, Phasma,” Hux hisses, narrowing his eyes, but the blush on his face it beginning to be noticeable, too, “You may leave now. And I would like to remind you to knock anytime you wish my presence, especially in these circumstances.” Phasma nods, her eyes looking apologetic. “Good-bye,” Hux dismisses, and closes the door on her nose before she could say anything else. The duo could have sworn hearing the Captain Phasma squealing from the other side of the door, but both decide to dismiss it. On the bed, it looks as if Kylo Ren is pouting. “What is it?” Hux asks, legitimate worry plaguing his tone. Ren snorts, but crosses his arms, “You just stood in front of Phasma without a shirt.” “In my defense, you were the one who took it off of my person, am I not correct?” Hux argues, but Kylo Ren notices that the General is merely being playful. Kylo Ren chortles, rolling his eyes before casting a serious stare to the ginger. Hux opens his mouth to question the gaze, but Kylo Ren beats him to it. “You're mine,” Kylo Ren states in the sultry voice that gives Hux goosebumps. Hux nods, walking over to the raven-haired and exchanging a small kiss. “I know.” “ So what do we do with Phasma? Do I have permission to kill her, General?” Kylo Ren whispers in his ear erotically , bringing the red-head back over his body. Hux shudders. He loves it when Kylo Ren calls him that. Hux smiles, “I'm afraid not, Your Majesty.” The grin on the knight's features disappear with slight disappointment. “But,” Hux dips his voice into a whisper as well, “It's true, I am yours.” Kylo Ren perks, and pulls the General closer to his face, their noses almost touching. “Then, if you are mine, you have no choice but to return every kiss and every touch, General. ” Kylo Ren orders, borderline sincere. With a chuckle, Hux replies softly, “As you wish, Your Majesty.” Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 4 of the Tender Moments series Next Work →