Aside From Being Sexy, What Do You Do For A Living? Wisps of black curls clung to his neck and he shed the shirt that usually covered his sleeveless undershirt. The suns were out in a cloudless sky and it was baking him inside of the usual black he wore. He fished his cigarettes out of his back pocket and replaced them with a good portion of his shirt to keep it from falling out as he lit one and stuck it in his mouth. He breathed deep and felt the heat of it swirl around inside his lungs, matching the light pounding down on him. He looked up and saw the front of the right building, turned into it, and hit the keypad in the right order to raise the autodoor. He sighed when the darkness of the halls enveloped him. He didn’t bother with pulling his shirt back on. He wouldn’t be staying long. Like most of the desert-dwellers, the Jawas kept their buildings dark but still hot and dry. It did nothing for Kylo except make his skin itch. Kylo set his duffle bag down on the mark’s bed and pulled on his helmet. It was pretty good at keeping his face from getting the shit kicked out of it. The rest of him was used to being bruised and cut and shot. He’d built a med droid just because of it. He sat down on the foot of the mark’s bed beside the bag and rolled his head on his shoulders and stretched his arms out. It was just bad form to go into a fight without being properly stretched. He sat in the dark and quiet and let his blood build itself up, feeling the delight that came with the thought of breaking a spine and watching a head loll just the wrong way. He liked the way jaw bones felt against his knuckles when they broke and unhinged from the skull. It was really fucking satisfying, actually. He felt more than heard someone come to the door and focused completely, his body coiled for the workout it was about to get. The mark came through the door and laughed, looking behind him out onto the landing pad. Kylo found that a little odd until he saw the redheaded man behind him dressed all in white. He swore to himself and rose, readying to take down the redhead without hurting him. He was innocent after all. His target, however, was some world-wide slave smuggler. Personally, he didn’t care how a man made his credits, but someone obviously had a problem with it. In the back of his mind, his mother was condemning him for that way of thinking. Hux hated this planet with a passion. He would rather get dropped into a Sarlacc Pit than deal with the dirt and ash coated stain this planet was. He glared at the sleeve of his lovely blue shirt, a black smear marring the fabric from a railing he had accidentally touched. He opened the door to his safe room, stepping into the cool shadow that prevailed. He locked it behind him and checked the habitation over for threats before setting down his things. He peeled off the shirt and let it fall to the ground. He wasn’t going to try to salvage it. It was going to come out of the contractor's pocket as ‘damages’. He pulled the datapad out of his pocket and pressed play as he moved to go into the bathroom. He shed his clothes as he listened. “Your target is Alio Tillwn. He will be attending a high priority slave ring. You will infiltrate as a new slave. Your robes are already provided in the safe pod. You are to meet at the predetermined location just after sundown. Do not be late.” A holo of the target’s face stared blankly at him from his datapad. He clicked off the recorder and slipped into the bath. He scrubbed down and stepped out naked into the bedroom to open the locked cabinet. He snorted and rolled his eyes at the color. “Of course white. How in the bloody fuck am I supposed to stay clean in this fucking desert?” He left the heavy cloth and walked back to his bag, opening it. He pulled out two different harnesses and various accoutrements. He laid them out with a practiced precision. He’d done this countless times. He took the smaller harness and strapped it around his upper arm as close as possible to his shoulder. There he slipped small syringes and two vials in the small black webbing straps of the harness. Choosing the other, he slid his arms through it and put it on like a vest. He clipped the buckle and loaded it with three other vials over his ribs. He sheathed a blaster right along his shoulders and turned back to the cabinet. He slipped on a pair of white pants and soft boots with good traction. He then pulled on the robes and sighed. He looked at the time and walked over to the little kitchen. He found some wine and sipped at it while he watched the city. Time was slipping away and while the city never slept, the type of activity slowly shifted into the side he was used to. He felt the false mask slip away from his persona as he lit a cigarette. He felt that dark, velvet feeling wind in his belly as the anticipation for tonight built. He had been given orders to kill the mark, but—as usual—the stipulations for the kill ended there. He could do as he pleased. He wanted to draw the kill out and get what he needed out of it before he packed up his things and vacated this sorry excuse for a planetary outpost. His fingers brushed over the holster on his ribs as he took a drag from his cigarette and felt the ache to draw out that last breath from a man he had never met. The thought of the black leather bag next to the bed made a flush rise to his face. Soon, he would have what he needed again, even if for a short time. Hux fell into place in the line of new slaves after bribing a guard. The target arrived later, looking them over, turning their faces, having them turn all around for him. Hux knew how to act, how to seem just this man’s brand of shy and docile. He was pulled from the line, and the others were sent off to pleasure whatever master came for them that night. “Let’s go. You’re mine now.” The man purred, leading him away from the area. That was just perfect for Hux’s needs. He made sure to let the man be handsy, acting the perfect mix of uncertainty and tension. A good little virgin made to order despite being older than some of the others. When they got to the building, Hux made sure to lay on the uncertainty, huddling into himself as he reached into a pocket in his robes, the capped syringe brushed against his fingertips. The man pulled him with force into the room with a laugh. Hux pulled the syringe, ready to strike and be done for the night when he saw the other figure. He frowned at the tall dark clothed being standing and starting to move. The cap to the needle was flicked off and he struck the man in the neck, letting the sleeping agent flood into him. His other hand went to the blaster hidden strapped along his back. He pulled it and leveled it on the big man in the ugly helmet half hidden in the dark. “Who are you?” Kylo watched the takedown and arched a brow behind the safety of his helmet. Not innocent at all, apparently. He stared down at the blaster that was pointed at his chest. “Kylo Ren.” His voice was distorted by the helmet, but that was mostly the point. The mark was stumbling behind the redhead and trying to grope for anything to hang onto. He wildly slumped to the floor and didn’t move other than his chest rising and falling. Hux ignored the man as he dropped to the ground like a limp sand bag. “Should I be familiar with the name?” He eyed the man as he made sure the other didn’t do anything stupid. He was not about to let the huge muscular wall try and take his mark. It’s happened on rare occasion where two assassins ended up facing off against each other for the same purpose. One usually died. . Hux had so far come out on top through vigilance and preparation. He didn’t like the idea of losing a chance to play because of some glory hound. “Considering the amount of anesthetic you just pumped into my Card, I would say so,” Kylo said, crossing his bare arms over his chest. His shoulders seemed to grow even wider with the movement. “Your Card? I believe I arrived with him, so I get to keep this one.” The redhead smirked. “I’ve been casing him for a month. Haven’t seen you around. Think I get to take this one. Besides, I was technically here first,” Kylo said, not moving. “He’s on my side of the room.” Hux teased lightly. Motioning to the unconscious body next to his feet. Kylo tilted his head, amused by this very stupid, very daring redhead. “True, but I’m going to have to take him from you. See, I have Credits to collect and a debt to pay.” Hux took a deep breath and let out a sigh. He thought about what to do. The man was hand to hand combat, that was obvious. And while Hux could put up a good fight, there was the problem that he was out sized. He wouldn’t have enough time to pull another syringe from his harness and his blaster would alert very unwanted attention. He quickly thought of a new plan. “Can you keep a secret?” Hux asked, watching him. Kylo huffed a laugh. This was an interesting turn of events. “Depends on the secret,” he answered, willing to play along for a few more moments before his patience ran out. “I only need a finger to prove my kill.” He motioned to the body still breathing. “What do you need?” Kylo moved closer, slowly, letting his arms hang loose beside him, no threat in his movements. “I take different things each time.” “Then we can both take something and get paid as long as the other one keeps quiet,” the redhead pointed out. Kylo shrugged one shoulder. “We’re both professionals. I don’t see why we can’t profit together.” He reached up and pressed into the latches along his jaw, the front of his mask releasing. He lifted it off and shook his mane of black hair free. Hux raised an eyebrow at the handsome face. “Pity, I was hoping you were ugly.” He finally dropped his stance and holstered the blaster. “So how do you wish to deal with this.” He nudged the sleeping man over with his boot. Kylo arched a graceful brow at the backwards compliment. He knelt next to the body of their mark and gently set the heavy helmet beside his knee. He took the mark’s head between his hands, cradling his skull. This wasn't nearly as satisfying as the rough fight he had expected, but he would find another fight. Looking up at Hux, he snapped the mark’s neck with a quick decisive movement. The spine made a nauseating, squelching crack as it severed the spinal cord. He was dead before he drew another breath. Turning his attention away from his immaculate companion, Kylo drew a knife out of a holster strapped to the small of his back. He saw a heavy ring on the mark’s finger and chose that one. The knife separated it from the body with practiced ease. He pulled the ring off before rising and holding the severed digit out to Hux as a peace offering, blood trickling down his wrist as it drained. Hux felt the tingle of arousal run down his back at the sight and sound of the man in black’s easy kill. He was right that this man would’ve overpowered him. The dark feelings he had inside brought up the images associated with what that power could do. He took the finger, rolling it in his own and letting the blood drip while he watched the man with hungry eyes. Kylo slid the ring onto his own hand, the blood easing the slide, and saw the way the redhead was looking at him. Something in those pale eyes had shifted and he felt his own shift answer the call. He reached for the other, his palm going around the redhead’s throat and tilting his jaw up with a thumb before he kissed him hard, taking and plundering. Hux held onto his trophy and let Kylo push into his mouth as Kylo walked him back into a wall and crowded him, pushing his body against the redhead’s. His own gloved hand fisted in the black robing at the other’s waist, and he met the other’s hard kiss with a nip to a plush bottom lip that mad the taller man purr. Kylo’s hands encircled his waist and he pulled back, breathing the same air as he met those aqua eyes. “You took my fight away from me. I need somewhere to put all this energy. Want to come back to my place?” “Is it clean?” Hux asked, raising an eyebrow. “I have a safe room.” Kylo rolled his eyes. “‘Course it is. Planet might have a crust on it, but do I look like I do?” Hux just smirked and nodded his head to the door. “Lead the way then.” Kylo stole one more kiss before going to grab his duffle and his helmet, tucking the latter into the bag. As he moved past Hux, he drug a finger through the blood on Hux’s jaw. “Good colour on you.” “Red suits me.” Not letting the other’s compliment flatter him too much. He put his token in a hard case in his pocket. He wiped his face and hands off on Kylo’s black clothing and moved to the door. Kylo smiled and watched him go about his business. His own fingers were still tacky with the blood he’d spilled, but he didn’t move to wipe them off. No one here would recognize him. He would make sure of it. “I agree.” Hux walked to the door, done with his business. “Hopefully it’s not far.” Kylo shook his head. “Not as far as you think.” He led him to his speeder and slid in, holding a hand out to steady Hux until he could sit properly in the seat beside him. As soon as they were both safely sat, Kylo went into a straight dive. Wind rushed past and pulled Kylo’s hair back from his face and ears, throwing his profile into sharp relief. Speeders and transports beeped and swerved as they barreled past them on their decent to what appeared to be the streets below. Hux felt the thrill as they dove. He should’ve been a little worried as he didn’t know where they were going, but that was part of the excitement. Kylo pulled up on the yoke and coasted them into traffic barely above the ground. The speeder wove through; the wind grappled at their hair. “If you were trying to scare me—” Hux looked over. “You will have to try harder.” Kylo snorted. “Just wanted to see if you were even remotely as stupid as I am.” Hux shot Kylo a dirty look. “Please do not assume my intelligence anywhere close to yours.” Kylo grinned. “How do you know I’m not briliant?” He turned sharply, the speeder tilting almost onto its side. “Might surprise you just how smart I am.” “Then why call yourself stupid?” Hux raised an eyebrow. “Stupidity doesn’t always revolve around intelligence but more the morality behind decisions,” Kylo said as the speeder slowed. He stopped on a pad in front of an apartment pod. He grabbed his bag and hopped out as if he hadn’t just dropped a bit of wisdom. Hux got out with a soft smirk. “Do you make stupid decisions often?” Kylo smiled over his shoulder as he walked toward the apartment. “I’m making one right now.” “No, if you went to my safe room—” Hux walked in and looked around. “—that would have been your stupid decision for the night.” Kylo dropped his bag off near the door to his room and stretched, hands going high above his head. “True, but this still isn’t a smart one.” Hux appraised the movement of muscle under too much fabric. “Take off your shirt.” Kylo arched a brow but pulled the tie out of his shirt and unraveled it to pull the main bulk over his head, dropping it on a nearby chair. Hux came up and looked him over. “You are a thug, aren’t you?” Kylo smiled. “I get paid to do something I enjoy doing.” He raised a hand, still crackling with dry blood. Touching Hux’s jaw, he tilted his face up. “You’re too pretty for my work. So you do yours.” Hux took the hand in his and bent the finger, turning the wrist. “I don’t know about pretty.” Kylo grunted and felt unexpected delight curl up at the base of his spine. Hux pushed him away. “Take off your clothes.” “And I thought you were just here for my brains,” Kylo said as he used a hand to undo the buttons at either side of his hips and pushed the leather down over his legs after kicking off heavy boots. “You take orders well.” Hux began removing his robes. It left him in white pants and his harness. “I do when they’re what I was going to do anyway.” He reached out and traced the line of black that sloped over Hux’s shoulder. Hux was so pale that it stood out in stark relief even in the dim light coming in through the windows from the city. White did him no favors though. “Stand by my statement. You’re too pretty for my work.” Hux rolled his eyes and brushed the hand away again. “Touch me again without my permission and I will break your hands.” Kylo smiled. “Promise?” He snorted and unclipped the harness for the blaster and set it off to the side. He eyed him for a moment before undoing his arm harness and setting it off the side also. He turned to Kylo and passed him to go to the bed. “Shall we?” Kylo felt that same delight heighten and followed after Hux to his own bed, dressed in black silk and nothing else. He waited to see what the redhead would do. He was betting there would be an order in there somewhere. Hux reached out and stroked over Kylo’s face. “You talk about me being too pretty for this job. What about you.” Kylo blinked at him. “What about me?” Hux gripped a hand full of the other’s hair. “It’s a good thing you wear a helmet otherwise your face would be fucked up. If you ever decide you don’t like getting hit, you would be a good call boy.” Kylo looked at Hux through his lashes as heat rose to his face in a light blush. He had no idea what to say. He hadn’t ever been complimented on the way he looked except how well he was built and the size of his cock. Hux blinked at the slight flush, unused to having partners that could still manage the involuntary reaction. “Take my shoes and pants off.” He released Kylo’s hair and laid back against the pillows and crossed his arms behind his head as he waited. Kylo put a knee on the bed, liking the way Hux looked against the black. He took one ankle in his palm before pulling buckles free. After disposing of both, he tugged Hux’s pants off, tossing them to the chair where his shirt was. Hux sat naked in front of him. After a pause, he shifted and motioned for the other. With a tug, he laid Kylo out on the bed on his back. He straddled Kylo’s face and bent forward, exposing himself. “Use your tongue.” He reached for Kylo’s cock and stroked over it with light fingers. Kylo flushed but his cock was severely interested in Hux and what he was offering. He put a hand on Hux’s lower back and pushed slightly to get him to arch his back a bit more before licking at his hole with the flat of his tongue. “Good,” Hux purred and brought the cock in his hand to his own mouth. He darted his tongue over the tip. Kylo let out a sigh against Hux’s skin before he licked into Hux, pushing the tip of his tongue gently in before lapping and pushing further. Hux groaned around the head of the cock as he sucked on it. He rubbed his fingers over the frenulum. Kylo’s hand tightened on Hux’s hip. If this continued in the same vain for long, he would be a mess, but he had been given an opportunity. He lavished the other’s hole with his tongue, working him open slowly as his hands moved to hold Hux’s cheeks apart. Hux teased and played with the cock, hands and mouth pulling him closer and closer to that line. He could feel Kylo jerking slightly underneath him with every pull. When he could feel Kylo was too close, he sat up His skin was flushed pink from cheeks to shoulders and there was a slight sheen of sweat gracing his brow. He shifted around until he was straddling Kylo’s hips. “Your mouth is very nice, but I want your cock Kylo released Hux and watched as he settled over his hips. He thought he looked lovely. Red really was a good colour on him. He flushed at the compliment and sat up to kiss the redhead as he retrieved a jar of lubricant from nearby. Hux reached behind himself after slicking his fingers. The other hand went into Kylo’s thick mane of hair and held on as he worked himself open. His cock brushed Kylo’s belly and chest as he rose up on his knees to get a better angle. Kylo held him by the waist as he watched the exact moment when Hux found pleasure. His lips dropped open just slightly and he made a soft gasping noise. Finally, he dropped his head to look at Kylo as he lowered back down slightly to grip the other’s cock and with a slight maneuvering, he sank down on it. He had to go slow because it had been a while and the other man was more endowed than Hux was going to acknowledge. Kylo felt the pressure of Hux sliding down on him and groaned. His hands tightened on his hips and he watched Hux’s face. It took all of his mental strength to keep from surging upward. Hux finally got seated and groaned. He shifted just a little bit to get a feel of the other. “Do you break people with this thing?” Kylo felt a smile tug at his mouth. “Only when they want me to.” Hux saw the smug look and tightened down on the other. “I feel like you need to be brought down a peg.” Kylo groaned at the tight squeeze. “Maybe. Haven’t met anyone who could do it yet.” Hux smirked. “I don’t think they were trying.” Kylo rubbed his thumbs against Hux’s hipbones. “Why don’t you try.” Hux snorted. “I’ve got more important things to do after this.” He started rocking more, getting what he came for. He reached down, stroking over himself. He was already keyed up and the power under him was exciting. He wondered if Kylo would try to get control. The fight and blood that would follow if they did clash. And if Hux wasn’t going to do anything about Kylo’s need to be controlled, he would assume he could do as he pleased. Kylo’s hands fanned over Hux’s ribs and used the hold to roll them, sitting up on his knees over the redhead. He grabbed Hux’s hands before he could make any move to punch him and pinned them over his head. Hux growled, smirking as he was rolled. He fought against the hand holds to see if Kylo was actually being serious or not; Kylo kept his hands pinned together, not relenting. His hips moved in a slow rhythm that was deep and hard. He leaned down and nipped at Hux’s jaw hard enough to leave a bruise. When Kylo leaned in, Hux’s own head came in and bit across his neck in retaliation to his jaw. He tipped his hips and groaned when he felt the other start to thrust just right. “Let go of my arms.” Kylo smirked, liking the sting of the redhead’s teeth. “No.” Hux frowned and brought his fingers up to dig blunted nails into the hand holding his wrists. He bit a little harder, not surprised if he drew blood. Kylo moaned right next to his ear. He knew he would have bruises and blood all over before this one was through with him, and he loved the idea. He moved faster, still striking hard enough to shift the bed. Hux groaned and tried to pull against the arms again. “If you are you going to keep me like this, at least grab my cock.” Kylo decided he would take mercy on the redhead, holding both of his slim wrists in one hand and sliding a hand between them to stroke over his cock. “Finally,” Hux growled, feeling his orgasm edge closer. Kylo pulled back enough so he could see Hux’s face, half-lit by the glow from the city. His hair was a wild mess from the careful coif it had been in earlier, and his face was flushed. He looked too good to be real. Kylo let go of his wrists and lifted up to hold onto his hip as he stroked over the redhead’s cock. Hux used his newly freed hands to hold onto the pillows as Kylo pushed him over the edge, arching under him. Kylo groaned at the tightening around his cock and held Hux’s hips in a bruising grip as he seated himself full and came hard, his back arching as he gave shallow thrusts. Hux panted and held onto the pillows as Kylo finally fell nearly still. He would get up soon and leave after a quick clean up. He’d gotten what he’d come for. Kylo collapsed forward, barely catching himself on a hand before he lowered himself to cover Hux with his body. He nuzzled at the mark he had left earlier, dragging a languid kiss over it. Hux frowned. He started to try to push the larger man off of him. He didn’t do post orgasm cuddling, and he wasn’t starting now. “Stop squirming,” Kylo mumbled but didn’t move to get up. “Get off.” Hux shoved harder at Kylo, but the other’s weight was too much to move. “I did, thanks,” Kylo said through a smile and nipped at his neck. Hux gripped the other’s side and dragged his nails up skin. He wasn’t amused. Kylo purred and wrapped more firmly around the redhead. Hux frowned and started actually punching the other in the side and bit hard onto his shoulder. Kylo grunted before he snatched Hux’s hands and pinned him again, tearing his shoulder in the process. Hux’s mouth flooded with his blood. He pulled back far enough to look down at the redhead and admired the red shine sliding down his jaw. “Why?” “Why what?” Hux asked, licking over his lips. “Why get off me? Because we are done here.” Kylo’s brow furrowed. “Stay.” He was momentarily distracted by Hux licking his blood from his lips. “What? You want to go another round?” Hux snorted, rolling his eyes. “I have a lot of energy to spend,” he said as he leaned down to lick a wide stripe across Hux’s jaw, tasting the salt of his sweat and the iron of his own blood. Hux gave him a disbelieving look. “What if I am busy?” Kylo snorted. “Then you wouldn’t have come back with me. You know what kind of person I am. You know that I have nothing but my vices.” He nipped hard at his neck. “I can feel it.” “You should get me interested then.” Hux smirked. “Otherwise, I’ll just lay here. And I feel that would annoy you greatly.” Kylo took Hux’s hand in his own and dragged it through the blood still oozing from his shoulder before bringing them to his mouth and licking them clean. “What would interest you?” “More actions and less talk.” Hux stated, pulling on the other’s lip. Kylo grazed his teeth over Hux’s finger. “Stay right here.” He got up and went naked to the doorway, bending to retrieve his bag. His ass looked particularly fantastic in the blue glow of the city. Hux sat up and leaned up against the bed frame. “While you are up, you should grab the cigarettes from my pants.” Kylo rolled his eyes and ignored the request, returning with a length of black rope looped in his hand. “You won’t have time.” He wrapped a hand around Hux’s ankle and pulled him back down in the bed, flipping him over. Hux glanced back at the other and gave him a look. “If you try anything, I’ll enjoy dismembering you.” Kylo gave him a grin that was just this side of feral. “I only kill people for money and no one’s paid me to kill you.” He pulled Hux up onto his knees and sat behind him as he carefully knotted and wound the rope around Hux’s wrists and forearms. When he was satisfied, he bent Hux at the waist and attached him to a slat in the headboard. “Test it.” Hux curled and rolled, jerking his arms. The ropes held and snapped from the force. “Congrats on being able to tie a knot.” Kylo smiled slightly. “Trick of the trade.” Before the redhead could throw any more sass at him, he moved down the bed and dragged his tongue up from Hux’s sac to his tailbone, collecting the come that had escaped. Hux groaned and leaned back, spreading his legs just a little. He used the ropes and pulled himself up a little closer to the headboard. Kylo followed Hux’s shifting hips and lapped at the loosened hole. He pressed a thumb behind Hux’s balls and massaged carefully. Hux made soft noises into the pillows and enjoyed what Kylo was doing to him. He wrapped his fingers around the ropes and gripped them. Kylo pulled back from him and slipped his thumb inside, pressing down. He searched and rolled his thumb. “Oh fuck.” The other jerked his hips, shuddering as he felt the spike of pleasure shoot through him. Kylo smirked before he pulled away and leaned over to retrieve their wayward lubricant. He slicked his cock before he moved behind Hux and gripped his hips. Hux smirked and twisted, pulling out of his grip and landing on his side. “Sorry. Did you want something?” Kylo grunted when Hux ripped himself out of his hold and arched a brow at him. He hauled Hux back up by the hips and shoved his smug face into the bed by the back of his neck. One arm stayed around his hips to hold him still. “I’m going to fuck you.” “You can try.” The other smirked into the pillow. Kylo bracketed Hux’s legs with his own and guided his cock to Hux’s hole, pushing in on a smooth thrust. Hux let out a long groan and gripped the rope again. He angled just right to make sure to get the best pleasure. Even tied up, he wasn’t going to leave his pleasure to someone else. Kylo used the hold he had on the redhead to fuck him as hard and fast as possible, taking everything he had. His shoulder throbbed with the effort and blood trickled down over his torso, mixing with his sweat. Hux groaned and had a white knuckle grip on the rope. He pulled against the other and rolled against him, trying to see if he could get the other off of him. He didn’t like the idea of the other breaking him. Kylo’s momentum wasn’t even mildly deterred by Hux’s movements but he leaned down and said, “You tell me to stop and I will, but I’m not going to hurt you. Not unless you want me to.” Hux turned his head and snarled at him. “I thought you were going to fuck me?” Kylo gave a particularly hard thrust. “That's what I'm doing.” “Are you sure?” Hux snorted, grinning over his shoulder. “I can still talk.” Kylo growled and stopped completely, still buried in the redhead. He reached forward and pulled the tie out of the rope, wrapping it around his fist. His other hand grabbed Hux by the throat and pulled him up, flat against his chest. He clamped his hand down until he felt Hux fighting for air, swallowing against his hold. “Now, you can’t.” Hux was instantly fighting the hold, more testing the waters than panic. He could barely get any air past those big fingers pressing into his throat. His vision was spotting and he was light-headed. Kylo was satisfied with the fact that Hux had finally shut up. He decided to return the favor of the stinging in his shoulder and dipped his head before sharply sinking his teeth into the redhead’s shoulder. He groaned when he felt the other tighten around him and give a breathless gasp, jaw working as he went bow tight. He pulled his mouth away and saw that Hux had come again, untouched. He shoved Hux away from him, using the rope to make sure Hux couldn’t get too far as he fisted his cock and stroked it. The sight of the redhead sprawled out in front of him had him coming over pale thighs and a hip. Hux was too high from the sudden intake of air, coughing and panting. He groaned a little after a moment and brought his hands down to his teeth to try to undo the knots. When he saw the hand still attached to it, he brought it down and nipped at it. Kylo watched as Hux tugged at the knots uselessly before sinking his teeth into his wrist right above the joint of his thumb. He dragged his thumb over Hux’s lips before he started untying the knots. When the redhead was free of them, he laid behind him, cradling him with his body while he rubbed over the reddened lines, making sure the circulation was still flowing properly. Hux let him, relaxing into the pillows. He’d get up in a moment, since he was still buzzed and dizzy. He’d never been treated like that, it was exhilarating for him. He yawned a little, closing his eyes and pointing out. “I may not kill you. Congratulations.” What he didn’t know was it was a half mumbled slur and moments before falling asleep. Kylo kept rubbing over the marks and smiled slightly when the redhead fell alseep in his arms. He hadn’t had anyone in his bed in a very long time that could handle that kind of treatment without telling him to stop. He pressed a kiss to the place where his teeth had breached the other’s skin. He noticed a black hexagon with a strange looking flat-tipped star inside a circle tattooed on the back of Hux’s neck. It was just below his hairline. He brushed his lips over it before pulling silken sheets up over them from where they had fallen to the floor. It wasn’t as good as a kill high, but being fucked out and exhausted was a very close second. Chapter 2 : Did It Hurt When You Fell From Heaven? Summary: What do you mean he isn't dead? Notes: I was called out for my half-assed editing on the first chapter, so this one is late because I rewrote the whole thing. Sorry. Wretchedly warm and comfortable was not usually something he woke up to; neither was feeling rested nor arms wrapped possessively around his waist. He wriggled away just enough to look over his shoulder to see a mass of black hair falling over Kylo Ren’s neck and cheek in wide spirals. Careful not to wake the sleeping giant, he managed to extricate himself from the vice grip and slid off the bed. He looked down at himself and found bruises laced down his arms and on his hips from brutish hands. He pushed against those and sighed as his lashes fluttered closed. He would cherish them while they lingered, but for now, he needed to get going. He collected his clothes, pulling everything but his bloodstained cape back on. He left it draped over the chair in the corner. His muscles were burning from the workout that Ren had given him, but he had been in worse physical predicaments than sore muscles. Glancing back, he noticed the suns’ light glancing off of Kylo’s arm and shoulder in a golden-red glow. The temptation to go mark that expanse was stronger than he would have liked so he turned on his heel to go out into the living space. Something moved out of the corner of his eye and he pulled his blaster, pointing it at a little bubble of a medical droid that jerked back and gave a startled beep of alarm. He sighed and lowered it, putting it back into its holster. The droid rolled nearer and asked if he needed anything. He leaned down and inspected it. It was unlike anything he had ever seen. It wasn’t a standard issue anything. It was possible that it had been built as a prototype, but he had no way of knowing. He shook his head in the negative and turned to look at the rest of the apartment. Barren. Absolutely barren. The only things worth looking at were the droid and the bag near the door to the bedroom. He sighed. It seemed Kylo Ren and he were more alike than he wanted to admit. He contemplated calling someone to retrieve him, but smiled when he looked out the window. Kylo stretched and reached for the warm body he had been wrapped around but felt only cool sheets. He squinted at the suns’ light coming through the window and looked around. He heard nothing through the haze of sleep that lingered. His room had been returned to its usual state of order. Except the cloak that was cascading itself over his chair. He sat up, propping himself up on his hands. Something stabbed into his palm and his brows came together as he looked down. A paper card was lying, innocuous on the sheets beside him. Picking it up, he read the gold lettering and rubbed at one eye as he sat forward. Hux. 41.7239 72.4419 Star Killer Guild. He flipped it over to see if Hux had written anything else on it but found it blank. He had a name at least. That was more than he’d had last night. He looked at the bed around him and noticed the rope was still slithering its way across the sheets and he needed to wash them. He would do that after he cleaned himself though. He rose and headed to the ‘fresher, card still in hand. He laid it on the counter before getting clean and drying his hair. As he dried the heavy mass on top of his head, he kept glancing at the card, wondering if he could find him. Probably. He knew a lot of people in Smuggler’s Run. Satisfied that his hair would most likely cooperate, he pulled it back with an elastic into a bun at the crown of his head and took the card. He slid it into the pocket of his clean pants and stretched, feeling the burn of the night before. Strolling out into the other room, he looked around to make sure his guest hadn’t seen fit to take anything like he probably would have and paused when his eyes swept the wide windows. The landing pad was empty of his speeder. He swore but couldn’t keep the smile off his face. At least he would have a good reason to see his red headed fellow killer again. Hux was still riding the euphoria of the kill and the spectacular sex two cycles later as he sat in the same rickety cantina he always met his contacts in. He was idly picturing ways he could kill each person that came within a certain amount of distance from him. A Pantoran pushed into the cantina and Hux knew he was there for him. He tracked the exits first and then to the redhead that was stationed at the bar. “Hux,” it greeted. “Donavookis,” he shot back, not looking over. He slid a Card across the bar to sit in front of Hux. Hux hit the activation button with his finger, letting it linger to get his fingerprint. He looked it over and felt his temper rise. “He’s dead already.” “Apparently not. Someone saw someone in the market on Shyke with a royal marker. The King is off planet so that couldn’t have been him, and he never bothers himself with common merchants. Your target seems to have gotten away, Hux.” He made a tsking noise. “Getting lax in your old age?” Hux grabbed him by the throat, pressing his fingers in tightly, cheeks flushed in his anger. He pulled him close and smelled the Spice the other must have used not long before coming here. “I don’t get lax. There has to be some other explanation.” He shoved the Pantoran away. “Get the fuck out of here before I kill you too.” The Pantoran pulled his collar away from his neck and coughed. “You’re an asshole, Hux.” Hux snorted and slid the Card into his pocket. “You have no idea, Donavookis.” “Complete the job or boss said your contract will be terminated,” Donavookis said before he turned and vacated. Hux sat quiet for a long time, staring down into his brandy. It had to have been Kylo Ren. He had been there when they arrived. He had been the one to snap the target’s neck. Now it was too convenient in retrospect. A set up that he hadn’t even tried to notice. He had been too distracted by a pretty face. The thought of flying back to that sand blasted cesspool of a pustule on the face of the galaxy fed his rage until he was seething. Kylo Ren was first on his hit list and he was going to enjoy this one far more than he had enjoyed anything in a long time. As tencycles went, this one was pretty much shit. Other than his brief encounter with Hux, it had fallen apart. Kylo had gone to the Hutt to line up more jobs, taking one after another. It had been fine until he had landed on Shyke. Minding his own business, he had gone to the market to collect information about a mark from the gossipmongers. He had forgotten all about the ring on his finger and been attacked in the market when he had taken off his glove to retrieve his credits chip. Now, he was nursing a pounding headache and an adrenaline hangover from defending himself. On top of that, he still hadn’t found his speeder. He hadn’t had the time to follow the signal on his PDD to the district on the other side of the city. Exhausted and tired of dealing with the bullshit of his chosen profession, he decided to drop in on the cantina and sat near the bar. Jonyandix took one look at the swollen side of his face and slid a jar of bacta and a cool pad across the metal surface of the bar towards him. He sighed in relief and smeared the bacta across his cheekbone, wincing slightly when the dull thud of pain grew more acute. Cool pad pressed to his face, he threw back two shots of some golden liquid that Jonyandix was kind enough to keep coming. A sharp sting hit the side of his neck and someone grabbed his hair to keep him still. He gasped and dropped the cool pack, fingers wrapping hard around a wrist covered by leather gloves. “It’s a pity you’re alive, but I’m going to enjoy killing you.” Kylo went still. He knew that voice. He’d heard it in every wet dream he’d been having for the last three days. “Hux?” he asked. If it was him, he knew exactly what was on the verge of being pumped into his bloodstream. He knew it would put him on the ground or in the grave or both. After the day he’d had, he was prepared to just let it happen. The hand in his hair moved to cradle his head before fingers pressed hard into the bruise on his face and he hissed, keeping as still as he could. “You left a black mark on my record, Ren,” he said against his ear. “I never leave a job undone. I’m here to tie up loose ends.” Kylo’s face pulled into a frown and his grip tightened on Hux’s wrist slightly. “What are you talking about?” “I was told my target was still alive. But I figured I would pay a friend a visit first.” The fingers digging in let up a bit, stroking over swollen flesh with just a bit of tenderness. Kylo stiffened. “I broke his neck, Hux. I felt his bones grind together. I cut his hand open right in front of you. He wasn’t breathing.” He said this just to affirm to himself. He had been tired that night, but there was no way that he missed something like that. He had to be dead. “Get up,” Hux said and shifted his hold slightly. Kylo rose slowly and felt Hux guide him behind the bar. Jonyandix moved toward them to stop whatever was about to happen, but Kylo held a hand up to stop him. He’d be dead before Jonyandix even got close. He took the hint to go to the alley behind the cantina, opening the door for both of them. Walking with a needle in his neck was becoming a real hassle. “Alright, Hux. You have me exactly where you want me. But I killed that Card. I don’t know where your employer got information that he’s still alive, but it is inaccurate.” “Star Killer doesn’t have inaccurate information, Ren. How much did they pay you to make it look real? How much did they pay you to take me on?” Anger. There was real anger in Hux’s voice instead of the usual cool disinterest. Kylo started to think of ways he could move to get that damned needle out of his neck, but none of the scenarios ended well for him. So he fell back on Han Solo’s favourite way of getting out of sticky situations. “I got paid 10,000 credits. Bare minimum. I’ll show you the drop into my account if you want. If I’d known, I wouldn’t have taken the job.” That was a lie. He didn’t really have an option in his contract, but Hux didn’t know that. “Don’t flatter me, Ren. It doesn’t work.” “I’m not. I did some research on you. You’re the best they have.” Alright. So talking was getting him nowhere. He was going to have to take the chance. He jerked directly to the left so suddenly that not even Hux could have pushed the plunger on the syringe and turned, grabbing him by the wrists. He ran him backwards into the side of the cantina and slammed the hand holding the syringe against the wall until it clattered to the ground. He could feel his heart hammering against his ribs and the adrenaline going haywire in his body as Hux fought against him, but the redhead got nowhere. He pinned him against the wall with his own body. “I could kill you right now, Hux. I won’t. I should because no one has ever walked away from trying to assassinate me, but we have a job to finish if this motherfucker is still alive.” Hux bared his teeth and thrashed again, but couldn’t move very far. Kylo was too heavy and knew too well how to pin him. “Like I would fucking trust you again.” Kylo grimaced. “You trust me, or I kill you right now.” Hux struggled against him again but remained held fast. He made an enraged noise and collapsed back against the wall in his fury. “Fine, but I’ll kill you if you betray me again.” “Tell me what you know.” “Are you going to let me go?” Hux snarled. “Not til you calm down. Tell me what you know,” Kylo repeated. He watched Hux closely to see if he was going to have another episode of squirming, but he seemed to be contemplating him more than anything. Aqua eyes looked back at him, quiet anger burning behind them. “Someone was spotted on Shyke wearing some royal symbol. It wasn’t the king, so that leaves the Card. The slave ring he was running is still operational. That leads my employers to believe that he’s still alive. That is all I know.” Kylo slowly moved back from him, releasing him. “Thank you.” He watched as Hux rubbed at his wrists and glared at him. “I may kill you anyway,” Hux muttered. Kylo smiled, leaning back in close. He could smell the heat coming from Hux’s skin. “You tried. It didn’t work. Now, I’m assuming you have a plan. Share it, and we’ll get this over with.” “There is a compound outside the city. It’s where the slavers are. We start there.” Kylo nodded, pulling back. “I know where it is. I camped it out when I was studying him.” Hux seemed mildly surprised. “Fine.” He walked away to the side of the cantina and headed for the street. Kylo rolled his eyes and followed after him, halting when he saw his speeder. Hux approached the pilot’s seat and he stepped forward, hooking two fingers into Hux’s collar to stop him. “I’m taking this back,” he said as he tilted his head toward the speeder, ignoring the glare Hux was giving him for touching him again. He made an annoyed noise, but let Kylo do as he pleased. Kylo slid into the pilot seat and waited for Hux before piloting them down the street. “I need weapons before we leave the city.” Hux made a face. “Fine. But hurry. The light is fading.” Hux watched Kylo disappear into the bowels of some run down garbage hole of a building as he pulled his PDD out of his pocket. He pulled up Kylo’s files--the ones he had been able to find, at least. The man seemed to not have existed before five years ago. He had found that Kylo was one of the best contract killers in the employ of the Hutts. Before that, he seemed to have been non-existent or under a different name he hadn’t been able to dig up. Violent and tended to use his hands. His kills were usually far from clean. Hux remembered what his hands had felt like on his skin as he held him down and had to shift. The bruises on his hips were beginning to yellow around the edges and he found that he missed the pain of his pants sitting along his hipbones. He tried not to think of the soft emotion that had snuck into his mind as he’d had Kylo at his mercy, needle in his neck. He could have killed him. He should have killed him. This was madness. Something like sentimentality had snuck up on him as he had looked over Kylo’s profile, set in no other emotion than confusion, even as he was about to die. He looked up when someone emerged from the building, and he had to do a double-take because Kylo was wearing something that honestly didn’t fit at all what Hux was growing accustomed to seeing him in. Tan pants held on tight to thick thighs, terminating in knee-high boots, and a white shirt hung open at the throat, showing the hollow at the bottom and a good portion of his chest. His hair was pulled back from his face, showing off the spectacular bruise that was already fading from the bacta he had applied before leaving the cantina. The armory on his person took him back to the same level of menacing that he had entered with, though. A belt slung low on his hips tied into holsters that circled strong thighs while a pair of blasters hugged his ribs in something that resembled a vest. A blaster cannon was strapped over one shoulder. “I see the target has struck a chord.” Hux eyed all that machinery and noticed a severe lack of body armor. “What do you know about Derjin Rol?” Hux asked as he held his PDD up with a headshot of the man as Kylo slid back down into his seat. Kylo’s knuckles dragged against his thigh as he slid the cannon along Hux’s leg where he could get to it and looked at the holo. “He’s the one that was giving all of the orders when the Card wasn’t there. Probably why the whole thing is still running.” Hux sighed, annoyed. “Then I’ll take his head and the Card’s back to the contractor. Then maybe this pathetic job will be over.” Kylo nodded but remained quiet as they shot out of the city. The suns were beginning to set the sand of the desert alight with a fiery glow as they approached the gulch Hux directed Kylo to. The speeder skimmed along a river of sand through a daunting crevice that stood at over a hundred and fifty feet above them. A dust trail rose behind them, but unless the enemy had spotters on the top of the gulch walls, they still wouldn’t know they were coming until it was too late. Hux checked over his vibrobladed knives on the approach and made sure his blaster was where he could get to it, firmly planted on his hip. “I notice you’re not wearing any armor,” Hux pointed out. Kylo smiled slightly. “Yeah. I’m your distraction.” Hux balked at the idea that Kylo would be willing to do that without him even asking, but he had no idea if Kylo was suicidal or not. It wasn’t his business. They saw gates approaching down the gulch and Hux pulled his blaster, knife in the other hand. Kylo’s knuckles dragged along his thigh as he reached down and grabbed ahold of the blaster cannon. When guards started popping out into view around the gates, Kylo hauled the cannon up to rest on the windglass and took the opportunity to use it, firing even as they kept moving. Two fell with smoking wounds as the others scrambled for cover when the speeder swept through the gate. He stopped it on a tight turn that had his back to the compound and started firing, taking out the remaining guards as he rose in his seat and put a foot on the windglass, firing at incoming guards. Hux vaulted out and hit the ground running along a row of containers toward where he knew his target would be and didn’t want to waste the valuable distraction Kylo was providing. He saw more guards coming up and turned down another row of cargo containers. He found a ladder and hauled himself up and over the top, feet nearly silent on the metal containers. He heard blaster fire but didn’t stop even when a bolt ricocheted near his feet. He approached a pod that was raised above the rest of the containers, held up by stilts. The door flew open and slammed into the side of it as figures stepped out onto the platform. He readied his knife to throw even as he kept running but never got a chance as blaster bolts took out everyone but a pair that seemed at a loss. He looked back and saw Kylo nearby, lowering his cannon to fire at a swamp of guards that had sprung up around him. He put his knife back into its holster before taking a flying leap at the rope ladder hanging from the platform. A blaster went off, and he jerked to the side, barely getting out of the way. He crested the floor and shot blindly. A roar of pain went out over the gathering horde below. Hoisting himself over, he booted the injured man square in the chest and sent him flying over the side railing. He heard a dull thud as the man clipped a cargo pod on the way down. He turned to the last man and aimed his blaster at his head. “Where is Canathatizsa?” “Fucking dead.” Rol went to grab at his blaster on his hip, but Hux slammed his boot into his wrist, making the blaster drop and skitter off the side. “Why do people think he’s still alive.” Hux moved forward, shoving the man into the side of the pod, arm barred across his throat. He dropped his blaster and pulled his vibroblade, sticking the point into Rol’s side. “I don’t know,” he hissed. “He was still in the morgue this morning.” “Then I’m going to the morgue,” Hux growled, shoving the knife deeply into Rol’s side. He twisted it and pulled hard horizontally, spilling offal everywhere. He let Rol fall, but he was dead before he hit the platform. Hux knelt beside him and grabbed the still twitching corpse by the hair, slicing deep and hard across its neck. Flesh parted with a gushing, squelching noise as he cut through the esophagus and arteries. When he hit spine, he cut away the flesh around it before tipping the blade up so the knife point was between vertebrae and slammed the butt of the hilt with the flat of his hand. The joints popped apart with a wet cracking noise and the body gave a twitch as the spinal cord was severed. He cleaned the knife off on the body’s pant leg and sheathed it. He picked the head up by the hair and stood, looking for Kylo. Wet plipping noises came from somewhere near his boots. He found Kylo below him up to his hips in bodies sans the blaster cannon that had somehow gotten knocked thirty feet away. Blaster pistols seemed to be serving him well as he turned, taking down four more on either side. In the midst of the white and tan of his clothes, blood ran down from Kylo’s side, soaking through the fabric. He was slowly backing towards where he knew Hux was, limping heavily. Hux gave him one look and knew he wasn’t going to survive running for the speeder. He may not like this big asshole, but he had no desire for him to die today. Not anymore. He jumped from the platform back to the top of the container he had been on before, head still gripped tightly by the hair in his gloved hand. He saw the speeder after climbing down. Guards were moving toward it, but he took them down with a quick succession of stab wounds when they didn’t see him coming from behind them. He tossed the head onto the floorboard of the speeder and turned it back towards the carnage Kylo was doling out with a jerk to the yoke. He flew toward Kylo, fishtailing the back of the speeder into a guard running at him to slam him out of the way. “Get in.” Kylo used his adrenaline to take a running jump into the seat beside him, catching the lip of the windglass with one hand as he fired behind them. Hux picked up speed and angled up, lifting them into the sky as the failing light of evening swallowed them. “We’re going to my safe room. We need to make sure we don’t have anyone following.” Kylo slid down into the seat and pressed a hand against the hole in his side, grimacing. “No. Go back to the cantina. Jonyandix owes me a favor.” He glanced down when he felt something bump against his foot when Hux leveled the speeder out and made a face as blank eyes stared back at him. “That’s disgusting.” He let his head fall back as he staunched the bleeding as best he could with his fingers. The cantina was at peak hours when Hux guided them past it after Kylo directed him to the back. Hux got out and turned back to Kylo. “Come on.” Kylo opened an eye and looked at him. “I can’t walk like this. The adrenaline’s gone. Get Jonyandix. Tell him Kylo Ren needs his safe room for a few hours and a medpac.” Hux left him and Kylo grimaced when he looked down and lifted his hand away. The hole from the vibroblade he hadn’t seen was too deep for him to just pinch it together. He was going to need bacta and a miracle. He heard the backdoor open and gritted his teeth as he hauled himself up and over the side of the speeder, sliding down the side of it onto legs gone to jelly. Jonyandix preceded Hux and picked Kylo up, and he groaned as Jonyandix carried him to the safe room under the cantina. He set him down as carefully as he could have. Hux looked at Kylo and pulled off his gloves. “Take your shirt off.” Kylo made a face and pulled off the blaster harness and reached behind his head to tug the shirt off, fabric wetly sticking to his skin. He looked at it and grimaced at the slice in the side. “Bacta,” he muttered as he sat back, baring his torso to Hux. Hux nodded and went to the case sitting on the table beside him. He pulled things from the case and set them out in a neat line before kneeling beside Kylo. He used the irrigation bulb to flush the wound before using flexclamps to staunch the bleeding. The pain was extraordinary with Hux poking around inside the wound, but Kylo forced himself to breathe through it and remain conscious. He flushed the wound again and used the medisensor to check for any more punctures and found none. Bacta went in next and Kylo jerked, gritting his teeth against the scream. It burned like a brand all the way back to his spine for long moments. He came out on the other side with Hux stroking his thumb along his jaw. He sagged against it and breathed hard against the skin of Hux’s palm and wrist. Eventually, Hux pulled away to add a layer of synthflesh, covering the whole mess. “You’re not hurt are you?” he asked Hux. Hux looked up at him from where he was cleaning up the mess on his hands and the tools. “No. I don’t actively look for a brawl.” “Thank you,” Kylo said as he gingerly sat upright. “We should be safe here for a few hours. Jonyandix owes me some favors.” Hux packed the medipac back up into its case and pulled his gloves back on. He pulled out a cigarette and lit it, taking a long, slow drag. Kylo felt the bacta actively fixing the rend in his flesh. He shifted slightly and could honestly say it was a severe improvement from where he had been half an hour ago. He watched Hux to pass the time and noticed the blood that covered him from fingertip to biceps and stained his knees. Just to see what he would say, Kylo pointed out, “I missed giving you a blowjob to wake you. You were gone by the time I managed to drag myself out of bed.” Hux paused with his cigarette halfway to his mouth and looked over at him, aqua eyes sweeping him from head to toe. “That’s not what usually happens.” “What usually happens?” he asked, keenly interested. “I get up and leave,” he answered, taking a long drag. “Though, I wouldn’t object to you making up for lost time. If you’re up to it.” Kylo contemplated him for a long moment and the dull throb in his side. He rose and walked around the table to where Hux had taken a seat in the other chair. He took one of Hux’s hands in his own and raised his wrist to his mouth, kissing above where the black leather caressed Hux’s skin. It tasted metallic with the blood that drenched him from almost the shoulder down. It was becoming sticky and flaking in places, but he wanted the redhead all over him. Hux pulled him down with a tug to the hair behind his ear and reached up with his other hand, cupping his cheek. His thumb pressed against the bruise across the bone and pain bloomed across his face in a dull ache, making its way to the bridge of his nose and tumbling over to his other cheek. It drew a low moan from his mouth as he slid to his knees between Hux’s feet. Using the warm weight of his palm, he stroked over Hux through his pants even as his mouth worked along the leather covering Hux’s fingers. Hux’s fingers trailed over the purple markings on the side of his face before pressing against the mark along the edge of his jaw. It made him groan and press more firmly into Hux’s hand, the pain spiking into something more acute. Fingers slid into his open mouth, tasting of iron and gore. He stroked over them with his tongue as he looked up at Hux who was managing to look bored by the whole thing but just barely. His pupils were wide, eating up the aqua. Kylo kept sucking on gloved digits as he pulled Hux free of his pants, stroking over him until Hux pulled his hands away from his face to rest on the arms of the chair. He pulled Hux’s hips forward in the chair a bit before lowering his mouth to take Hux down, pulling a quiet gasp from Hux. His whole body curved around what he was doing, shoulders wider still than Hux’s knees on either side of his waist. He took Hux down until he was choking but swallowed around him and a moan left Hux that was well worth it. He pulled back and licked around the head and trailed his teeth gently down the underside. Hux’s fingers laced through his hair and he pulled him back down on his cock. Kylo let him, relaxing when Hux started moving him in the rhythm he was rocking his hips in. His lashes fell to his cheeks as he trusted Hux enough that he didn’t fight when he thrust up hard enough to make him gag. He swallowed reflexively, hands tightening on Hux’s calves. Tears stung at his eyes and slipped free, but he didn’t stop Hux. Hux, apparently, took that as an invitation, fucking up harder more often until his thrusts become more irratic. He could have pushed off. He probably should have. He didn’t want to. Since the night they had spent together, Hux had been on his mind. He wanted to let Hux use him as he saw fit. It was only fair after his treatment of the redhead. Hux grabbed him by the jaw and pain radiated out as Hux pulled him off, holding him there as he stroked over his cock. He barely had enough warning to close his eyes before warm stripes covered his face as he gasped for air. Kylo looked up at him, face dripping with come. His lips were swollen as he breathed heavily, but his big brown eyes were so pliant and soft. He stroked his thumb over Kylo’s puffy bottom lip as he considered him, getting his own breathing back under control. “You know, I originally thought you were in it for the adrenaline, but I see you now. You’re here because you like the way I treat you. You like the pain and being used.” He brought a boot up and pressed into the juncture of Kylo’s leggings, dirt and dried blood smearing into the tan. A low moan dragged itself out of Kylo as his hips jerked against the hard sole of Hux’s boot. “Do you want to come?” Hux asked, pressing down harder with the heel of his boot. Kylo hissed at the unforgiving heel pressing against his cock. “Please,” he whined. “Pull your cock out.” He watched in amusement as Kylo broke nearly all of the buttons on his fly, shoving the trousers down his legs. They trapped him where they rested around his thighs and he couldn’t move much. “You’re so eager. I never would have guessed a big brute like you would need someone to hold his leash.” He pushed the tread of his boot against the naked tender flesh of Kylo’s cock. It made Kylo whine and his hips moved in short thrusts. “I thought you were just a thug looking for his next fight. But now?” He took a handful of Kylo’s hair and tilted his head back, pressing his thumb into his mouth to make it hang open as he panted. “I’m beginning to think you really are just a feral dog looking for a master.” Kylo looked at him from under his lashes as he moaned in agreement. He looked so trusting. He felt big hands moving over his calves through the boots as Kylo kept rocking against his tread. “Don’t touch me. You haven’t earned it. Put your hands behind your back,” he ordered, twisting the boot slightly and pushing down hard. Kylo gasped around the thumb in his mouth in pain before following the order, locking his hands behind the small of his back. He eased slightly on the pressure, bringing his other foot up, stepping down on the pants stretched tight around Kylo’s thighs to work the toe under Kylo’s balls. He pressed up into the perineum while letting Kylo rock against the other. Kylo moved his thighs further apart and moaned at the pressure coming from both sides, drool sliding down around where Hux was still holding his mouth open. Hux rubbed over his plush lip. “Work yourself through it. You’re a dog. Humping legs is what your kind do.” Kylo made a whimpering noise, but his hips shifted harder. Seconds later, his cock was painting the tread of Hux’s boot as his body arched back, hands still locked behind him. Hux waited until he was finished before planting his foot in the middle of Kylo’s chest and toppling him, leaving a smear of come. He wiped the rest off on the mangled leggings still around Kylo’s thighs. “Good.” Kylo lie panting on his back, hands still trapped beneath him. His face was flushed and he was blindly staring up at the ceiling. Hux stood and tucked himself back into his pants before moving into Kylo’s field of vision. “Rest, Kylo. Do you need help getting up?” Kylo let go of his hands and groaned, breathing deeply for a long moment before he really focused on Hux’s face. “I’m dizzy.” Hux rolled his eyes but crouched and pulled Kylo into a sitting position. “You’re too big for me to move on my own. Plant your foot and help me lift.” When Kylo got his foot under him, Hux heaved and felt Kylo add his own strength. Even though he could probably stand on his own, Kylo leaned heavily on Hux. He helped Kylo to the ‘fresher after Kylo pulled his pants back up around his hips. He leaned him against the sink and turned on the shower, removing his gloves and rolling up his sleeves. Kylo was still standing, dazed, staring at nothing. Hux rolled his eyes, but it was softened when Kylo gave him a wide-eyed look when he knelt to pull Kylo’s boots off. He stripped him of his leggings and left them in a pile on the floor before standing and nudging Kylo into the shower. He washed Kylo with patient hands. Kylo moved as he was told, making sure Hux was pleased with frequent looks to his face. Hux had to admit that this part of this was cathartic. Careful motions and warm water. Toweling Kylo down was interesting since there was so much of him, but they managed together. He caught Kylo’s eyelashes drooping closed more than once and decided the bunk in the other room was going to get some use before they left. Kylo landed in a naked sprawl that made Hux roll his eyes again, but he was beyond worrying about it. After showering himself, he moved to lie down beside him, but Kylo was taking up the majority of the bed. “Move over.” Kylo took a moment but moved in what looked like a monumental effort, pulling Hux down beside him. He pressed his face against Hux’s bare chest, wrapping his arms around his waist. Hux sighed and sank his fingers into Kylo’s hair, carding through it until they both fell asleep. Notes: You thought this was going to be about murder husbands, right? Wrong. This is just a good excuse for us to write the dirtiest smut we've managed so far. There will be murder though. So stay tuned.