bright lights, black skies Two guards in white armor guide him into a room with walls that look like steel. One pulls out a metal chair and he sits down at the rectangular table. Their movements are hesitant, and he gets the impression they aren't used to being so gentle. They exit wordlessly. Techie's eyes dart around the room and find a handful of tiny security cameras, heat sensors, and control panels hidden in the walls. There's a red-haired man already seated across the table. Something isn't right. It's not just his hair, it's the curved inner corners of his eyes, the very slight knobbiness at the end of his nose. It's jarring. Uncanny. “I am General Armitage Hux,” the man says. “And you are on a ship, specifically a Star Destroyer, belonging to the First Order, the most powerful military organization in the galaxy.” His accent is British, posh but not royalty. Techie manages to look at him. “I'm sure there's something you'd like to ask.” “Why do you look like me?” His voice is hoarse and small even to his own ears. His hands are not bound but he holds them in his lap anyway, shoulders hunched, greasy hair brushing his shoulders. “This may be hard for you to understand, but we share some genetic material.” Techie's brow tenses minutely. “We were part of the same batch. Constructed from a pool of DNA easily available to the Order.” “I can see you don't believe me.” Techie says nothing. “We were dispersed to spread out the resource drain of raising us. Placement was assigned randomly from a list of approved locations, and you drew one of the short straws I suppose. A planet so far from civilization I wonder it if wasn't a coordinate error.” Hux's voice as he narrates is soft, slow, and crisp. He's been through this many times before, but he looks at Techie like he's something brand-new. “There's something you need to understand. We weren't engineered to be smarter or stronger than other children. We were made to increase the population. There are things people say. We confuse them because we lack their heritage structure. But we are just as much people.” Techie has been ransacking his earliest childhood memories and finding nothing of use. He decides to play along. “How many of us are there?” “In our batch, a hundred. Many were eventually recalled and put into service here, but there was...a schism in management and the program disintegrated. I've found almost all of the rest. Some have died, some are thriving right where they are. I usually offer them work in the Order if they want it. Some of them resent me. They assume I was chosen to grow up on-base for a reason. They think I was handed my position. Perhaps I was luckier than I know. I can't imagine being so neglected as to desire such constant surveillance." "I've only had to kill a few of them.” Techie's eyes flick up to his. “One thought he could kill me and take my place. But I don't think you're going to do that, are you?” Techie remains silent. Hux crosses his arms and leans back. "What's your name?" He doesn't know what to say. "Techie.” “They don't have given names on your planet?” Hux asks dryly. "Naoise.” “Nee-sha,” the man repeats. “Surname?” “McTaggart.” “Pronouns?” “What?” “Do you prefer to be called “he,” “she,” “they,” et cetera?” “Oh, uh, he.” "Is that an infection, or is the coloring around your eyes normal for you?" "They're not infected, they're...irritated." Hux scrutinizes him briefly. "I think it would be best if we gave you new ones. I can get you a set that doesn't hurt and doesn't look so off-putting. Unless they're not your property?" The apertures of Techie's cobalt eyes twitch. "I know this must be a lot to take in," Hux says. "I'll let you sleep on it. I understand we woke you up." Techie nods numbly. "You aren't a prisoner. If you'd like to go back to your home planet, you may. But I'd like to collect some data on your experiences, and there's information I can offer you, if you have any more questions." Techie nods again. ”I've assigned you quarters, but I'd like to run you through quarantine first." He motions a hand and his soldiers return. Hux gives them what sounds like a room number, and they escort Techie out of the room. The rest of the ship is just as metallic and pristine as the interrogation room. All the faces he sees look human. Now that he's out of Hux's sight, there's no pressure to make eye contact or speak, and no one gives him a second glance except perhaps to notice his yellow shirt. He's surrounded by uncharted territory, but he somehow feels more calm now that he's out of that room and moving. He loses track of all the turns they take, but the information is stored in his eyes so he can start assembling a map later if he needs to. The staff make him take his clothes off in decontamination, but they give them right back after, looking and smelling cleaner than they've ever been. The process is a lot easier than he was imagining- air and a light dusting of powder swirling around him and rushing over all of his skin and through his hair. He feels weird putting his clothes back on, like both they and he are slightly different now. The room they lead him to is small and gray but very clean. An officer hands him a clear plastic card. It's probably supposed to be an ID because there's a small image of himself inside it, along with some letter-like markings. He takes stock of the room- bed, desk set into the wall, door that leads to what might be a bathroom. On the desk is a tablet. He can't read the text, but he still spends half an hour messing around on it before shutting his eyes to think about his situation. He recounts the night- the flashlight in his face and the soldier grabbing his arm, the long walk out of Peach Trees and the beautiful little spacecraft he couldn't believe though it was right in front of him. The interview with that strange man. There's a strong possibility this is all a dream or a hallucination from some new drug someone decided to test on him. He stays up for a little while longer worrying about how angry Ma-ma is going to be when he comes back and how to get her to believe he was kidnapped by people from space. He never resolves the issue, but he does fall asleep.