A: As much as Kylo Ren loves vandalizing the Finalizer, he is most careful with Hux's personal possessions, especially the cat. B: Betrayal is never handled well within the Solo family, so Ben changes his name off by one letter just to spice things up. C: Colors are bothersome, extra work for the visual organ, but Hux is the most tantalizing shade of ginger. D: Death is inevitable, but Kylo Ren and General Hux are two names that will go down in history. ( space garbage forever) E: Eavesdropping on the general with the force is a task too easy for Kylo Ren's liking, don't mistaken it for trust. F: For the first time Hux wanted someone to call him Brendol. * G: Ghosts aren't real, but so can be argued about the force. H: Hosting a rave onboard the Finalizer is not impossible, you just have to look closer. I: Institutionalised oppression: a along and proud tradition for the general to be a dick and rides Kylo's. J: Just because they are gay doesn't mean they are the happy sort. K: Kids are a definite no and that has nothing to do with kylo who seems to have failed graduating kindergarten. L: Love is for losers and both deny that they are. M: Making out in Hux's quarter is weird because of the cat, but Kylo really can't do it with Vader's mask watching. N: Neither are heavy sleepers, but luckily counting each other's freckles is always an option. O: Often enough does Hux questions Kylo Ren's sanity and also his own. P: Public display of affection is out of the question, though both feel they own the god damn ship. Q: Querulous though they are, they try not to fight in front of the cat. R: Reminiscing is a bad habit for people with high-risk jobs, but Hux is an addict for a hopeless nut job. S: Speaking out of order and consequences ensue, or may be that's exactly what Kylo Ren wants. T: Tears scare Hux because who could have thought Kylo Ren is such a cry baby. U: Usually a cat isn't allowed on a military vessel but General Hux is kind of a badass. V: Vacations are stupid because the General has to approve all personnel's petition, including his own. X: Xenophobia is dumb, the cool thing is to hate ones birth parents. Y: You never know how emotional those eyes are until he takes off that wretched mask. Z: Zeus was to blame for half of the godly affairs, and so was the Skywalkers for this crazy ass universe. ———————————————————— * Brendol: Alright We don't know Hux's first name from the movie, but on A03 I see people calling him Brendol or Armitage. And for some reason the name Brendol touches a soft place in my heart.