The ships descended with a loud boom. Ramp after ramp lowered to reveal an army of white. Blasts were already heading their way as they raced down the ramp. “FN-4557,” Phasma commanded. “Take your squadron to the castle’s main gate. “FN-6774 take your troops to the castle’s back gate. We will lay a pincer trap there. Try not to damage things too badly,” she ordered. “On it captain,” FN-4557 saluted. He waved to the men behind him. “Whoever shoots the least amount of rebels has to buy drinks.” There was a groan. Many of them now knew they should have practiced a bit more. “Same goes for you,” FN-6774 called out merrily. His group cheered. They were among the better shooters. More and more troops descended the ramps. “FN-1221, take your group to Charlotte,” she issued. They were to head to the smaller towns as well. They were under orders to rescue Lady Simone’s parents. The orders came direct from Princess Sommer. Phasma issued more orders to other groups before joining the fray at the castle. She was not happy with the plans Hux had made for the battle. He had expected too much. She had limited the amount of troops for the castle. Unlike Hux, she wasn’t going to destroy the castle with ships and blasters. His plan called for the castle to be utterly destroyed. It would have cost them too many men and resources. Resources they needed for the other towns. She twisted his orders. “That asshole wasn’t even here for this battle,” she thought. He was delivering his lady love and her lady to his parents home. “That idiot wouldn't even fight. He would just sit and drink wine like a pussy,” she growled internally. She had no idea why Kylo Ren was joining them. They could have used the extra muscle in this battle. Snoke had better give her a raise for this mission. She was entering the castle’s main entrance. They had gotten lucky. Their spies had had reported that most of the elite forces had left the planet in favor of returning to their base. This left the battle in their advantage. She dodged a stray blast that went her way. She pulled up her blaster and leaned out of corner. She pulled the trigger. The man fell down with burns to his face. Another kill to add the her belt. She continued down her path. She made her way to the throne room when she felt a force hit her body. She clattered to the ground painfully. FN-0070 hovered over her. The blasts had just missed him. “Captain,” FN-0070 asked in concern. “I’m fine,” she answered carefully. This specific trooper happened to be one of her favorites. He was gifted in the physical sense. He helped her up. “As you were,” she ordered. “You will be rewarded later.” The trooper nodded ecstatically. “Yes, captain,” he saluted before following her to duck behind columns. They alternated mowing down the enemy. “Captain,” FN-4557 called as the last rebel retreated. “FN-4557, report.” “The castle is clear. We have men stationed at all the highpoints. We are ready for your orders.” “Send any remainders to the other villages. Provid any aid and capture any living rebels. We need to interrogate them.” “Captain,” FN-4557 saluted before running off to follow orders. Phasma turned to FN-0070. “We may as well head to Charlotte. I need to be sure on Lady’s Simone’s family.” “Agreed,” FN-0070. Captain Phasma led the way out and back towards her ship. After a relatively short journey towards the west of the kingdom. Many villages sprawled out in between farms. Charlotte lay nestled between wetlands and plains. The grasses stayed tall but there were more trees. A large mansion rose over the small town. Some farms sprawled around the humble town. It would be relaxing had it not been for the battle raging on below. “Captain,” the pilot called. She whipped her head to listen. “We need to land now. This is the safest spot.” “Land,” she ordered. The ship barely avoided crashing with the stray blasts. She lept off the ship before it landed. “Stay here,” she commanded before marching into the town. The chaos in the street was dying down. The rebels were either tied up or killed. Only a few were left fighting. She marched passed. These little skirmishes meant little towards the favor she would be owed. She would cash that in with jubilance. The long building had seen much duress from the battles here. She had to blast down the doors to gain entrance. “You,” a rebel leader called out. Phasma ignored him in favor of blasting him down. “Stand down,” she warned. Stormtroopers followed her in. “Blast them,” another called. “Put them down,” Phasma ordered cruelly as she started to fire. They made quick work with the surprise attack. She approached one of the survivors and gripped them by their hair. The man groaned as he felt his hair yanked. “The captives now,” she placed the pistol at his head. “Kriff,” he spat a mouthful of blood on her helmet. FN-0070 handed her a cloth to wipe with as she dropped the man. Once the blood was off her visor she shot the man below. “Grab her,” she pointed to another rebel. FN-2124 grabbed her by her arms and held her in place. “Captives. Now.” “Upstairs. In the library,” she struggled against the hold. Phasma commanded them to take their prisoners. She ascended the stairs with two more troopers. In no time at all she blasted the doors down to reveal a family in bondage. “Lord Namor and Lady Victoria,” she asked. The eldest two nodded. “I see that there was little need to worry. You are all in one piece.” Her eyes trailed to the rest. Lord Biron and Lady Amdi, Simone’s brother-in-law and sister, lay with an infant on their lap. “Untie them now,” she ordered. The troopers got to work. They knew if they did well, Phasma may reward them. There were whispers amongst the troops over their rewards. Most of them favored her without the suit. “Is our girl okay,” Namor asked in worry. “She is in our hands. Safe enough,” she started. “Away from Kylo Ren,” her father asked. He had received plenty of letters from his daughter. “I cannot promise that,” she finished. “From what I can tell. He is fond of her.” This did not seem to sooth the lord and lady in the slightest. The lady of the house cursed loudly. “Monster. I knew the castle wasn’t safe.” “Hun. She needs to make her own choices. A lady in waiting is a fine place to be.” “Mother,” Amdi spoke. “I’m sure she is safe. I don’t even think she had to worry too much over us as we did her. It’s not like we couldn’t speak until recently.” Lady Victoria fumed. Captain Phasma had enough of their drama. It was no wonder Lady Simone enjoyed to argue. She turned to her men. “Take care of them. FN-0070, come to the ship with me,” she left no room for argument. She turned and descended the stairs while sending a message to General Hux, Snoke and Kylo Ren. She would be sure to rub this victory in their faces. For now she would enjoy the company of FN-0070 and the ride back. I